5	We were recommended to Cashman through our wedding venue Emerald at Queensridge and it's no wonder they recommend them! They did our engagement photos, our Save the Dates, our video montage and our wedding day photos! The quality is simply stunning and they are so organized and everyone is just so sweet and professional! We mostly dealt with Allana who has become like a family friend and our wedding day photographers, Patrick and Jasmine are masters at their craft! They will be our go-to photography studio for life!!
5	My husband and I worked with Cashman Brothers in November via our wedding venue Lakeside Weddings and Events. Although planning a destination wedding can be stressful, I never had any worries or concerns through Cashman Brothers. From start to finish my representative, Kristine, was professional and personable. The pictures from our wedding were taken by Ania and she did an exceptional job. All of our family and friends were amazed at how beautiful the pictures were, and I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the coordination and ordering process was after the wedding. I highly recommend this company if you're seeking beautiful pictures for capturing life's wonderful events. I do not have one negative thing to say about this company and would definitely use their services again if I were in the Las Vegas area. Cashman Brothers, thank you for being a great addition to our wedding. We can't thank you enough for the beautiful wedding pictures. Matthew and Keshia
5	We were recommended Cashman Brothers through our venue, Emerald at Queensridge. Cashman Brothers is amazing. Great experience with staff overall and our photographer was amazing. He did a beautiful job on both our engagement and wedding day photos. We were very impressed! Absolutely recommend!
5	They did the photos for my wedding and they did an amazing job! Kristine is the best and she have me exactly what I wanted and the photographer I has was awesome! I'm so happy and glad that all my photos came out !
