4	So, imagine a movie theater that may have been the gem of Phoenix, constructed in about 1977.You'd have mirrored ceilings, Aztec-ish bronze doors, and crystal shafts falling from above the concession stand like something out of the Superman Movies. A disco palace made especially for the silver screen.Definitely, this was one of the coolest movie theaters of Phoenix, in the day. I can imagine seeing the Empire Strikes Back here, and loving every second.Fast forward 30 years, and we have the Silver Cinemas, a discount ($3.00) second-run theater. All of the mirrors, glass, and inner illuminated crystals are all there, and are still quite a spectacle, if you like to travel back in time.My first time I strode into the lobby, I was smiling like Billy Dee Williams.I've been to a few dollar theaters in my days, and they all show signs of decay. Face it, they're not pulling in the big bucks in this very difficult business.Silver Cinemas is little different, with signs of wear and tear evident if you look close enough. However, when I attended with my son recently, the place was clean and the help was doing their job. The movie (or the projector?) itself showed a good deal of scratches and wear, though I found it easy to forget about after the first few minutes of the film. Also, my first chair was at a funky angle, so I moved to another, and all was grand.Since we were seeing the second run of what is a modern B-movie, there were only a few others in the little screening room with us, which was kinda nice. I didn't feel so bad when my 6 yr old had some loud reactions to what he was seeing on screen.MINUSES:- Semi comfortable seating compared to modern theaters- Drinks and popcorn still expensive (Hey, they gotta make a buck)PLUSES:- $3.00 movies, a bargain in this, and any other, economy- Awesome lobby and inner sanctum hall!- Time travel for cheaps.While the Silver Cinemas will never be my prime theater, it will be where I go to catch a movie I may have missed on it's first run.AND, a really cool place to feel nostalgic for the late 70's and early 80's. If you like such things, make sure that you check this theater out!
4	I liked this place...it's a little dark.  I went in the middle of the day so there was probably more workers there than movie goers.  And the staff looked pretty bored actually.3 bucks ain't bad for a movie.  I thought the place was clean and a decent selection of movies and refreshments.  I come from a small town so even this theatre is an upgrade for me.For three dollars I will most definately be hitting this place more often.
4	With movie prices thru the roof, people getting arrested for pirating films and this collapsing economy, where can a guy take his GF without needing to take a loan from the local credit union? The Silver Cinemas, on Bell just west of the I-17, is possibly the greatest new discovery of my life!! At only $3.00 a pop to see a "pretty much brand new" movie, only 1-2 months old TOPS, this place's ONLY down side is the semi-comfortable seating!! But wait, there's more....... Every Tuesday they drop the price to $1.50!!! Imagine, only needing to rummage thru a change jar to pay for a movie that 3 weeks ago cost 8 times the amount at a Harkins Theatre (yes i still love Harkins too). -Great date night idea -Easy on the wallet -Conveniently located off the I-17
4	This place is old school and they don't care. The interior is the same as it was when Ryan C worked here back in the day. I  seem to recall a little more light show action back then though. The $3 per person is the main reason we go. That way I don't mind watching a kid flick or a lame movie if everyone else wants too. The PC and snacks are good, just not as good as the main theaters for some reason. The butter was more oil then flavor. The seats are not the best but the movie was clear and sounded good. Remember $3 bucks!
4	$3 Movies in a Theater!! Yes you heard it right. In this day and age, $3 a person to go watch a fairly recent movie is a steal. I went here with my husband and niece and nephew on a Friday night. I wasn't worried if the movie sucked or not cause hey the price is right! For all 4 of us $12, Sweet! Before the movies I took the kids to the dollar store to stock up on candy, but they do have all the candy, popcorn and drinks avail there at the theater also. I'm just cheap, lol.... We walked in late to our movie, so we had to just walk in the building, the ticket stand was closed, but a girl at the candy counter sold us tickets to get in. Theaters were pretty clean, not the most comfortable, but I'm not expecting anything fancy for the low price offered. Movie was some kid alien movie which I thought sucked, but the kids had a ball of a time. I've also noticed a few movies are already on video and still playing at this theater.. I'll probably be back again, and again...
5	The prices are good for movies the concessions are pricey but cheaper than regular theaters. Great people!! They have an arcade too!!!! I wish more theaters had an atmosphere like this one!!
4	Great place for the $. people are very friendly . a great place to take my niece  and her kids when they fly in for a visit from Hawaii in the summers. I recommend this place to everyone  go see the great movies on the big screens before they come out on DVD & BluRay  Fantastic place to restore back to the original grand days of the 70s
3	Very cool place for the price of the movie... If you're hungry, I recommend picking up food before hand.  The popcorn and snacks here are expensive!Also if you weigh over 125lbs, get ready to get cozy.. the seats are small.Still a cool place and i will definitely be back.
4	First let me explain, lol!By no means is this a fancy movie theater, but it's good for the money :)Movies are $3 per person all day long. You can't beat that!The chairs are not too comfy, but did I mention the tickets are $3?This is a GREAT place for kids :) I actually went there as a kid & I still remember feeling like I was in a UFO or funky disco or something, lol! Strange, but in a good way. & kids don't care if the floor is sticky because normally they're the ones who made it that way :DIf you're trying to impress a date, you may want to go somewhere more,,,, updated :)  If you want to see if the person you're dating is materialistic or stuck up, go there, lol!
3	You don't go here for the ambiance. You go for the ticket prices. Its a great place to take your kids in the summer on a regular basis w/o breaking the bank.
5	Great place to go for a cheap date. Wonderful priced tickets and concession prices are even lower than AMC and Harkins. I love it and would recommend it to anyone!!
4	I do not go to the movies often usually only for popcorn. The kids like to come here to see movies they missed in the big theater or to see something again. I dont mind getting out of the heat for a hour or two... sometimes we drop them off and hit up Santisi's next door. SsshhhThe corn, drinks, seats, sound etc are all ok nothing blows you away. The price will not blow you away either.
4	really cheap way to see movies. the workers at the concession stands are very nice!
5	I've been coming to this theatre for 15 years. Seen my most favorite films here. Price comparison : for the price of a ticket at amc or harkins at this theatre you can see 2 films. On Tuesday the price drops to $1.50 a ticket. If you bring a child under the age of 2 they are free. I saved $300 seeing films at this theatre last year alone. The staff are always friendly and nice. Some movie buffs themselves. I remember seeing "tomb raider" here. I come back for the memories and the smell of the popcorn. Or and for some reason , the cherry coke in the soda machine tastes fantastic. I don't know why. Glad to see after all this time that it's still open.
4	Oh the memories of this place, too bad the area is really getting run down and most business cant make it here in this strip mall area.  Because this place is so cheap to watch a movie (took my kids to see Green Lantern last night) they really don't spend much on improvements.  I am pretty sure the carpet has not been replaced since I used to go here as a kid and the smell in the hallway to the theaters is a little moldy.  The same lights are flashing all over the place, I used to think this was the coolest place inside with the large arcade.  What makes this place so great is the bang for the buck, I took 3 kids and my wife and spend $15 to see a movie!  Wow, entertainment in an air conditioned room for 2 hours for $3 each is a smoking deal.  I do need to let you know that the theater isn't stadium seating so if you get stuck with someone tall in front of you, oh well.
4	Went here for the first time. It was a Thursday night, went to a family movie and there was really no one there besides my husband and myself so that was kinda nice. The tickets are 3 bucks each, they have an even cheaper night on Tuesdays it's only $1.50. The concessions are pretty pricy so eat before you go! Overall I really liked it and will most definitely go back! There are lots of arcade games too which is awesome!
4	I'm sold! The price is one that you can't beat. Regular prices are 3 bucks and Tuesdays are $1.50. The pop corn was good (no butter) and the soda, well, it is a fountain drink. It's a different kind of setting. You walk through a twilight tunnel to get to the movie  entrances. Pretty cool!
4	Nothing wrong with a cheap night at the movies. My son always has fun here.
3	Every town worth its salt has a cheap movie theater that plays second run films.This place is exactly that.  Nothing special.The seating is not the most comfortable (probably the same as its been for a few decades but what do you expect?If you're looking for a cheap movie theater and don't want to hit up the drive in, or if you missed something when it was first run, hit this place up!
3	The movies are $3.  All the time.  With that thought in mind, is the only reason I would give the 3rd star.  The concessions are actually more expensive than say, Harkins or AMC. The seats are the same as when I was a teenager and the movies were $1.  So if you are unwilling or unable to make the early matinees at a DIGITAL theatre with good sound systems, etc, or are just looking for a place to take the kids for a cheap movie while you hit up Santisi's next door for pizza and/or wings, or to just escape the grinding heat in the summer...then I guess it isn't that bad.  just remember- if you are a sound and visual buff- this is NOT the theatre for you.  They have not gone digital or Dolby yet.
3	I enjoy going to 2nd run movies here occasionally; take note that it is an old theater without stadium seating and the seats are on the not-so-comfy side. I usually like to see movies that I didn't want to risk full price on, but still wanted to see it in the big screen. Theres an old school vibe to this place and theres a cool space aged feel to the entrance into each theater. Grab a ticket for $3 normally or $1.50 on tuesdays.
4	Silver Cinemas is a favorite film destination of mine.  Given the current ticket prices for first run features, I don't frequent the cinema as much as I once did.  The $3 ticket price is a fantastic bargain.The place has a retro feel.  A friend taking me here for the first time said it "looks like a spaceship inside".  Walking down the theater corridor there is definitely a Star Trek feel and I really dig that.There's a good assortment of arcade games to keep you occupied if you have time to kill.  They have The Simpson's (one of the most difficult games ever made for the arcade) but something is wrong with the screen and it's too dark.  They also have a cabinet with a wide selection of Atari classics.Concessions are pricey as with the first run theaters.  I'm not going to hold that against them.  They need to make money somewhere.The worst I can offer about Silver Cinemas is the seats.  Not the most comfortable and I typically shuffle around a bit but for $3, I'll deal with it.
5	If you want to go back to the future at the movie theater Silver Cinemas is the place for you- I felt like I was in the 1980- the decor LITTERALLY says it all.. I kid you not, I am as frugle as the come and you get & more than you pay for here -($3.00 everyday except for tuesdays $1.50)have I mentioned the minnie arcade? Epic place to relive your childhood on date after drinks next door ...
4	$3 movie tickets!!!I don't get a lot of free time, so usually the really good movies I've wanted to see are already out of the theaters when I finally get some down-time, so I always check Silver Cinemas to see if they are still playing a movie I missed out on. They usually are! I also like taking my 3 year old daughter because sometimes she gets unruly and we leave the theater early. I dont' feel as bad walking out when the tickets are way cheaper than a regular movie theater.On my first visit i was worried that the screen would be dark and not clear, but the picture is really good and even the sound was fine. Seats- old school smaller style that don't recline but I get so caught up in a movie, I don't really notice.Temperature - they usually keep the theater super icy cold. So bring a sweater if you get cold easily.Added bonus, right next to Santisi Brothers. So before our movie starts, my boyfriend and I usually order an appetizer and beer here to relax and chat before the show.
3	I was having an awful day. I called an old friend - who is also going through a rough patch - and suggested we spend a Saturday night on vacation from our lives.He suggested a crappy action movie at the cheap theaters. He always has the most perfect suggestions - and that's how I ended up at Silver Cinemas.It's great to be able to see a movie on the big screen for $3. And at that price - there's no regret in seeing anything. Entertaining me the most was the bottle of iced tea in addition to the ticket brought it up to $7.75. Really? $4.75 for a 20oz bottle of iced tea?C'est la vie. They've gotta meet overhead somewhere.Not the cleanest. Not the best quality film or sound. Not the most comfy chairs.But will I be back? Abso-freaking-lutely! It's a great deal to escape the heat - or my head - as needed. And for $3, I really can do it as needed.
5	Second run movies ( after they have been out for awhile ) are only $3 everyday except for Tuesday's which are $1.50.  Free refills on large popcorn and large fountain drinks. I have a family of four and we get the large popcorn and fountain drink combo for $11.25 and it suites us fine and on Tuesday the same combo is only like $10.50.The theater itself could be kept a little bit cleaner especially in the common areas.  However, I attribute that to poor managment and for the reduce price to see a movie I tend to over look it.  $23.25 buys a movie for a family of four with popcorn and soda with one free refill  now that's a deal !
2	I'm only giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because $3 for a movie is cheap!Let me tell you about an experience I had here. I decided to take my son to see his first movie in a theater. We chose to come here because if he didn't want to sit still we wouldn't be out a ton of money!We decided to see a kid movie. After sitting there for 20 minutes they came in and told us the projector was broken. They told us they would refund us or give us passes. We took the passes. We asked about our large popcorn and 2 large drinks. (which for the record cost the same as a normal theater!) They told us no issues leave the stuff there and they would replace it.  Great! we thought. We went home and then came back I think 2 days later. We went to the concession stand for our popcorn and drinks.  The manager come over and was HORRIBLE. He told us that they would NEVER offer to replace popcorn and drinks. We were liars! He then told us that the guy who told us that was going to get FIRED!  He "nicely" made a big deal about giving us 2 medium drinks the he would "have to pay for" from his own pocket.It took everything in me not to leap over the counter. I felt like he was making me seem like a liar and a thief.  So much drama and disrespect over something that costs the theater maybe $1! I work in customer service... at the end of the day that manager was a bully and deserves to lose his job.
4	Interior design circa Star Wars: Perfect.  I miss theaters like this.  Glad to have one still around.
5	Cheap.  No stadium seating.  Nice crowd.  Great value.  Friendly staff
4	You get what you paid for!!!Do not expect AMC or other big theater class and style in a theater that runs slightly older movies for $3.You do not get the latest movies running at AMC or other big corporate theater chains.What you get are movies that have been recently removed from the big theater chains.For $3 it is not bad at all.Don't expect perfect seats, or sound or video quality. But if you don't mind a slight degradation in your movie-going experience, its great.My wife and I go there mainly for movies that we have missed at the AMC and need to be watched on a big screen i.e. those with Action/Thrill/Special Effects which do not have the same feel at home.Often the movies start right on time (unlike other theaters where the ads go on and on). Also, the schedules are online (+).Also, there are plenty of bugs. So cover up or use a bug spray before you go :)
4	This place is a blast from the past! The best part is having the movie experience while only spending $3 per ticket! The bathrooms, and theater seats need a little loving, but what do you expect for $3. A good way to enjoy an inexpensive night out.
5	I feel funny giving this place a 5 star rating, but I rate things as they are, not to meet some higher standard that it doesn't even attempt to meet.It's a 2nd run theater, so the tickets are super cheap. Being that we have 2 kids, we don't get a chance to see movies anyways, so this is perfect for all those movies we wished we could've seen on the big screen. It's also a cheap way to spoil the kids on a good day. Beware, just because the tickets are really inexpensive, don't assume that the snacks are an equally good deal. Because they're just as expensive as anywhere else. Knowing that, you won't be surprised. :)The kids ABSOLUTELY LOVE the decor of the place, which is retro 80s theater, stocked with florescent lighting that luminates your way through the halls. I know that their intention was not to be 'retro', and some prefer the term 'outdated', but I happen to think it's a really cool change from the typical, boring movie theaters of today. I don't notice any difference in the sound or picture quality, but I've never been one to care.
2	The staff here is very nice and helpful However there popcorn prices and seats suck compared to the other Dollar theaters!
1	My kids wanted to see Rio 2. I checked online and the only place it was playing was the cheap theater. Score! This is the theater I spent my teenage years in. Walking in, I wasn't expecting it to be much different. Same small seats, mirrored hallway and 90's chic. It had that. What I was expecting is that they would have cleaned the place in the last 20 years. The floors were so dirty they felt sticky as I was walking across the lobby. The mirrored hallway had all kind of gross stuff caked all over. And the worst part, the smell of urine as we got close to the end of the hallway and entrance to our theater. The screen was he same old size but there was something wrong with the projector. The movie was dark, like it was being shone through a pair of sunglasses. There were weird vertical lines the entire time the movie was rolling. The whole experience was awful. I could not wait for it to be over. I would not go here ever. If you do, I'd recommend a tetanus shot and a gas mask.
3	If you don't mind watching movies after their regular run at most movie theaters and you're watching a necessarily tight budget, this is a good place to go. The theaters have definitely seen better days but are still decent. The whole movie complex is reasonably clean and sufficiently maintained, though not as fancy or large as, say, the Harkins cinema complexes.
4	I don't think there is anything to say about Silver Cinemas that hasn't already been said. Great little dollar theater with $3 movies everyday except Tuesday when they are $1.50. Concession prices are similar to that of a regular theater, but there are also deals on Tuesday.The theaters themselves are a good size. The seats are far from luxurious but they are comfortable enough. A slight incline to the stadium seating so if you are bringing small children with you, be prepared to move if an adult sits in front of them. The projector quality is fair, not the clearest picture.Be sure to get here on time, if not a few minutes early. They don't play previews like the big box theater so if you are the type of person who runs late because you don't care to see what's coming soon, you're bound to miss the beginning of the movie.
