5	Very friendly staff, nice clean place.  Spacious.  Definitely a stop when I go visit family in Scottsdale.Typical Chinese takeout fare:-Egg roll.  OMG!  Finally, an egg roll like back home in NYC.  Seems like in Vegas, they call spring rolls, egg rolls.  YUMMY!-Wor Won Ton Soup (w/chicken breast, shrimp, beef, cabbage, mushrooms, broccoli).  This is the best Won Ton soup I've had since leaving Astoria, NY where Nuevo Jardin has top honors.-Sesame Chicken - not great, but good enough to finish a large order.-Mongolian Beef - So good I didn't even get to taste it.  Everyelese did though and loved it.-Happy Family - Very good.  All the ingredients were fresh.  It made my family very happy.-Combination Fried Rice - Very good.  Not quite as good as what I'm used to from back East, but very tasty and moist.
4	great food at perfectly reasonable, order-at-the-counter prices. they've got all the normal stuff on the menu, plus some nice surprises like lettuce wraps. i've now visited 3 times in a week. lunch specials are large and cheap and for 50 cents more you can get brown rice instead of white rice. i can't understand it, but in phx it is beyond impossible to find a decent, quick chinese restaurant that serves brown rice. the sesame chicken was made with good, white meat chicken, a bit spicy and not greasy despite being fried. the kung pao chicken is the best i've had in a very long time. again made with white meat chicken and has celery and water chestnuts in it, which i'm not used to but enjoyed. and finally the hot and sour soup, complete with shrimp and beef, mushrooms, bamboo shoots was beyond amazing. i love a good hot and sour soup when i'm sick and i just happen to be sick right now. cleared out my sinuses no problem and was tasty too.the place is clean ... beyond clean. everything is made fresh to order, even soups. the staff is kind and helpful. i'm looking forward to going here a lot!
1	Terrible experience tonight. It was our first try at The Wok Express. When we ordered, the gentleman was friendly enough. But, he took our order wrong. We clearly said we wanted Walnut SHRIMP and he rang up chicken. We got our food and did not realize the mistake until we took a bite. (We were sharing) I went up to the counter and asked a woman (who was clearly the manager) if she wanted us to give back the chicken since we had already bitten into it. We wanted shrimp and I explained to her that the cashier must have rang it up incorrectly. She abruptly said that yes, she wanted it back, and that I must pay the difference. It was only ONE DOLLAR so I asked her why I had to pay the difference if it wasn't my fault they rang it up wrong. I told her we were in a hurry, were hungry, and needed to go and this was sort of making us late. I didn't mind paying the difference, but I thought I would just ask why I had to pay it if it wasn't my fault. I was really nice about it and assumed that most places would want to please the customer or make up for the mistake somehow. Instead, this woman snapped at me. She said "Well I have to charge you and no, you can't keep the old one. I can't just give it to you. So you pay the $1.85." She was raising her voice and seemed really agitated. So I said "I thought I would just ask because this wasn't our fault and now we have to wait for a new one." SHe looked at me and said "Well, you can pay for it or you can have the cashier pay for it? Hmm? How about I have him pay for your whole meal and that way you can get it free??" At this point, she was downright angry. I told her that there was no need to have him pay for it and that I felt bad making him do that. I calmly just told her that she was making me uncomfortable so I'd pay for it, but that I probably wasn't coming back to eat there since they treat their customers so poorly. Her reply? "Fine, I can refund you the entire meal and you don't come back and you can leave!" At this point, I felt really awkward so I just gave her my money and said my kids were hungry, we were hungry, and I needed to just eat. She took it and proceeded to run back to the cooking area and YELL in Chinese and point to me. She was yelling! She was clearly so angry at me. I felt SOOOOO uncomfortable and was really shocked that she was being so rude to me. After we ate we noticed the cashier, who was stocking the drink station, and told him we were sorry. We weren't trying to get him in trouble or make him pay and knew it was just an honest mistake. He seemed fine and was very nice, but I will NEVER go there again. Anywhere that makes me feel THAT uncomfortable will not receive my business. Maybe I should have just paid the difference, but for some reason I expected a little customer service. Especially since the chicken was gross and we wanted shrimp. To end my review, I will say this... The food was odd. It made me feel sick and tasted weird. The shrimp was supposed to be lightly coated but it was straight up fried. Their cream cheese wontons tasted like synthetic cream cheese somehow. REALLY gross. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? At any rate, Goodbye Wok Express. You lost MY business for SURE!
4	Sorry but I have to defend this place and no I don't work here.  I am a Scottsdale business owner who has been eating here for about a year regularly.  The manager and owner is the nicest woman on the planet and remembers her customers names every time they come in.  They are also the only Chinese restaurant I know of that is moderately priced that uses all white meat chicken.  Some of their items like their orange chicken I am not crazy about but their chow mein is awesome and most of their dishes are pretty darn good.  I can only imagine that most of your story is fabricated around the fact that she asked you to pay the difference and your too cheap to pay it.  To say their food is bad because you can't afford a dollar more to upgrade to the next dish is pretty low.  Maybe you should try running your own business and offer low prices in tough economic times and then have cheapskates ask for a free meal.  Don't let this homer fool you the manager is as nice as can be and this is a good Chinese place with very reasonable prices.
5	The map on here shows it at an odd location - They are at SW Corner Greenway & Tatum.  This is a neighborhood staple.  The owner, Winnie, is so friendly and personable.  Locals know this place is the real deal.  Tasty, fast, friendly.  What more can you ask for with such great prices too!
4	Been here handful of times over the past few years have only had minor issues (putting veggies in a dish specified with "no vegetables") other than that, the food is delicious and you pretty much get what you pay for, the food is kinda pricy but you get pretty big proportions. service is friendly enough, you can also call in your order if you wanna pick up your order when you get their or are in a hurry. the actually eating area of the store looks clean but when i glanced over the counter in the back it looked awful, (food splatters, water all over the floor) but im no health inspector and it was before closing. also, the teriyaki chicken is AWESOME with white rice! Conclusion, if you have enough cash and want some good chinese food definitely go here to get it!
5	Awesome food no matter what you order. The kung pao deluxe is awesome and the crab puffs are nice and big.  The family is great and very friendly. I have been going to the restaurant for many years and always suggest the restaurant to people around there. Try it and you will see.
4	Been coming here since it opened. Good msg at good prices.
5	I live half a block from here so I've been a loyal customer of Wok Express for several years. In the several years of dining here I have never experienced one mistake or had one negative experience. The employees are kind and friendly, the owner is good natured and just a lovely woman, and the food is terrific! The Sesame Chicken is a must! The Chow Mein, mmmmmmm!!! Actually...I think I'll go in tomorrow! :-)
5	My family and I love this place. The food is always fresh and they can customize our orders to fit within our low carb and low sodium diet. The owners are always friendly and the customer service from the staff is top notch!I highly recommend the happy family, chicken and mushrooms, and the fish dinner (they only have it around Easter).
5	My son and I love this place. We have been coming here for years. Not once have we had bad service or bad food. Every single dish we have ever had here has been so yummy. The staff is always friendly. The owner even remembers what we order even when I forget that my son wants the fried rice instead of white! I love that. I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars.
5	Looking for a fast place to have a Chinese meal, I found The Wok Express on the Internet and decided to try it out.  My husband met me for lunch and off we went.  We were greeted immediately as we entered the clean, well lit dining room the was very modern in design.  I ordered the lettuce wraps and my husband ordered Kung Pao Chicken.  I loved the fact that you could order by level of hotness (1-10) since we live spicy food!   Our food arrived hot and fresh within a couple of minutes and I was first surprised at the amount of food that they brought out for just a lunch entree'!  The lettuce wraps were excellent and the Kung Pao chicken was awesome with large pieces of white meat chicken.  The hotness level was PERFECT!  All - in - all, this is our new favorite Chinese food place!  We LOVE it!
3	Before they switched to this new owner they were a lot better.. The foods OK.  Nothing to get all excited over.
5	Eatiing here now very easy and friendly. The food is grat as well. Orange chicken and rice is pretty darn good.
5	Was really craving for Chinese food tonight and found this awesome restaurant on the way home. I must say, the restaurant itself was very cleaned when I walked in. I liked the look and the layout of the restaurants. The servers and cooks were very nice people, my boyfriend and I were well-welcomed. I got the combination (chicken, beef and shrimp) friend rice as an entree and three Chinese spring rolls as an appetizer. The spring rolls were freshly prepared and were delicious! What really got me was my entree! It was cooked to perfection in my opinion. With a few dash of soy sauce and some chili sauce, my entree was completed! My boyfriend ordered an entree of the kung pao chicken which was also tasty as described. The food if great! I love it! And the prices aren't too bad, that's a plus! Yum, yum, I will be back for more Chinese food! And if possible as often as I can! : )Recommended!!! Yes!!!
5	We have had food delivered from these guys on many occasions and it is ALWAYS delicious. The portions are healthy and service is timely. There was even an instance that they forgot sauce for one of our entrees and they immediately brought a huge container of the sauce out. We live quite a distance from the restaurant and were very grateful. In addition to generous portions the food is always well presented. We are so happy to finally have a decent Chinese take-out in our area!
5	My favorite Chinese place. I just wish it was closer to home instead of work. They make the best wor wonton soup- Love it!
5	Oh my God, this place is stupid good!My boyfriend and I just bought a house a few minutes away and we were looking for the best local Chinese place for us to settle into and OH. MY. GOD. did we hit the jackpot.I know it sounds a hyperbolic but this is hands down the best Chinese food place I have eaten at in my life.When you order a dinner combination, it comes with SO MUCH FOOD for your money. Egg roll, two fried shrimp, a bowl of soup and a side of rice with your entree (on which they certainly do not skimp.) The sides alone almost make a full meal and they are so delicious. A little on the greasy side but you'll hear no complaints from me (the stuff is /fried/, after all).The soup is the best egg drop soup I've ever had. Thick and meaty, not a bowl of water with a few slivers of egg like I've had at many other places. Thick and hearty with a nice amount of egg and chicken.The egg roll is HUGE compared to the average egg roll and also plenty meaty, not just a fried cabbage pocket.Rice is hot and fresh and delicious.Of the entrees, we've tried the cashew shrimp, orange chicken and sesame chicken and all three of these were completely perfect. Large portions make it well worth the money (about $9-$10 for the dinner combos) and they taste amazing! The cashew shrimp was both savory and creamy at the same time and there was no shortage of shrimp. Sesame chicken was fluffy and juicy and delicious. Orange chicken is, quite literally, the very best orange chicken I have ever had. Deliciously saucy without being overpowering and the chicken slightly crispy which kicks the flavor up just that much more.The atmosphere is nothing to write home about. It's modest but clean and well-kept with a peppering of decoration here and there. Very casual and relaxed which is certainly not a negative for me.The service is pretty casual but definitely friendly. Both times we've been here there have been employees cracking jokes with each other behind the counter but not behaving in any way inappropriately and treating us very respectfully and being sure to keep checking on our needs. I have no problem whatsoever with people enjoying themselves at work provided it doesn't interfere with the service and it definitely didn't.We are really excited about this place and have invited so many people to come eat there with us once we're settled in to the new house. We took home a menu today to put on the fridge for nights that we can't be bothered to cook or go out so they can be our first choice for some delivery.
2	I ordered the Walnut Chicken in a sweet cream sauce. It was very disappointing. The chicken is deep-fried pieces and ok. The walnuts are cold and the sauce is not sweet and has the consistency and taste of mayonnaise. It was also served in a tortilla bowl. I did not understand that. There was rice as a side and it was not sticky rice. Very bland. The Pepsi did not even taste right. I am not going back.
5	Great take out and I finally went to the restaurant to pick up my order and the place is really nice.  We'll have to try dining in some time too
5	I'm going to very quickly write a review as I wait for my takeout. Located next to Dollar Tree in the Safeway shopping center. Now that it's under new ownership owned by a nice family, the quality of the food has definitely improved. I love coming here now to order their moo shu chicken, hot & sour soup, yu shan chicken, lettuce wrap. The interior has been brightened with new furniture and fresh paint & decorations. It is much nicer than before. The only thing which I am not sure how you would get rid of it is when you initially walk in, the place smells stale.  Maybe cause I got here just as they opened and the place needs to get aired out. I love coming to family owned places especially one where the owner greets you with a warm smile. I hope this business does well. Support local, shop small!!!
1	Very friendly staff... However, the food was soooo bland, there was no flavor whatsoever! Even my kids commented on how flavorless the food was! Because this place had such a high rating, I wanted to give it a try... Wow, I'm beginning to doubt YELP!
5	Hands down, best take out Chinese in Phx/Scottsdale. For 2 of us, We ordered the fried rice to share, orange chicken, sesame chicken and wontons. Everything was amazing - this will definitely become one of our go-to's! Tip: the portions are generous! We were stuffed and hardly made a dent...we would've been fine with just 1 order of chicken and half order of wontons. The people who work there are super friendly as well, so that's just icing on the cake. Love love this place, will definitely be coming back soon!
4	Singapore Mei Fun Noodles were excellent.  Portions are generous, the place is clean and the service is friendly.  Great place to have in the neighborhood!!
4	Great place for Chinese food.  Had moo shy beef and sweet& sour chicken.  Good crab puffs.  Great online ordering and discounts
5	Best CHINESE!!!! Could eat this every Friday after work and again for lunch the next day.
2	We came here after seeing 4 stars on yelp. We must have come on a really bad night. This was the worst Chinese food I've ever had. The hot & sour soup was too spicy to eat and I could only taste pepper. The fried shrimp & egg roll with the meal was swimming in grease-very old grease. We took about two bites of our orange chicken and sweet & sour chicken before deciding it was too gross to eat. It only gets 2 stars because the workers were super nice!
5	Absolutely DELICIOUS! Love the family staff :) friendly atmosphere and very clean. Delivery is super fast and always correct as long as you ask for the item you want, never expect it, just ask ;) My husband and I eat there weekly.
