4	I was here for the 2nd day of their soft opening. The food is EXCELLENT. Although they are still working out ticket times, the wait staff were amazing. Amanda really knew her wines and wine pairings. The wine list is amazing and comprehensive. There are LOTS of wines by the bottle. I'd like to see more diverse wines by the glass, including another Zinfandel selection. The menu was that of a typical steakhouse with a variety of different cuts and sizes. I got the filet which was perfectly cooked. Beware - if you order a sauce they do not serve it on the side, they put it right on the steak. You can also get your steak cooked with a special rub seasoning too. Ordered some sides, including the wild rice, which was very wild! If you like unusual wild rice - go for it!All in all, I see great potential with Rare Steakhouse. It is in a great location (across from the Capital), has great food, and good knowledgeable servers! I recommend this establishment and I will come back. Give it a try!
5	By far the best steak house in town! I had an amazing meal all around with amazing service! Overall this is a great dining expirence!
5	The steaks are SUPERB. Shared the 24oz porter house with my date. I do wish I would've asked for sauce on side. Excellent wine choices. I have to agree this is one of the best steak houses. Can't wait to go back.
4	I came here for Restaurant Week during lunch today, and I really glad I got the chance to try them out.  The space is beautifully redesigned and has the classic yet modern feel of a luxury steakhouse.  The host and our waitress Genevieve were friendly in a professional way.  Our waitress was particularly good about recognizing when we were ready for interaction or when we wanted a little more time to chat and enjoy our meal. My dining partner and I ordered different things off their restaurant week menu so we could try a variety of their items.  Between us we had the oyster shooter, the salmon tacos, the top sirloin, the gnocchi, the profiteroles, and the creme brulee.  The salmon tacos were delicious, but a bit oily for my taste.  The oyster shooter was refreshingly smooth.  I requested the top sirloin medium rare, and it was a bit under for me and closer to rare.  The gnocchi was delicious.  I don't normally like gnocchi, but these were soft and pillowy but not doughy.  The creme brulee was decadent.  I made sure to scoop up every last bit.
2	Catie and Nick W. came in from out of town to join Danielle K and I for dinner during Restaurant Week at Rare.  As this is a busy week for restaurants, I lowered  my expectations and my experience here didn't even measure up to the diminished level.  I will give the restaurant credit as it is absolutely beautiful inside.  But because you dress up your place as a premium steakhouse doesn't make it one.  Throughout the evening, Rare and its staff failed to hit the mark on several things.  As the experience was painful enough, I don't want to rehash it to death so here are the lowlights:1)  Reservations were for 7:45, not seated until 8:30.  Other than a quick apology, no other effort was made to try to recognize the fact of our wait.2)  Hostess mentions that during the wait we could order appetizers.  Bartender informs us that only restaurant week menu was being served so out of luck for any a la carte nibbles.3)  One first course option was ceviche.  Little did I know Rare's interpretation of this was two corn chips each with a single shrimp on it.  This was served on a huge plate which only made the appetizer look even more minuscule and ridiculous.4)  Three of us ordered steak (2 at medium, 1 at medium rare).  As the server was quick to dish out the entree, we asked which one was the medium rare option.  The server was unsure so they brought over our waitress.  The solution she recommended-"Just cut into them".  Add insult to injury that no steak knives were served with the steak. 5)  One dessert option was a cheese board.  One of the featured cheeses was a 3 year Hook's Cheddar.  Yes-I am aware this sounds like first world problems but when the price point normally is $23 for the cheeseboard, serving a very pedestrian cheese is a joke.  6) The perfect end to this trainwreck of a meal is when the waitress informed us they were "out" of bill holders so she just laid the receipts on the table.  Again, this was close to 10:00 pm at night and nary a person was in the restaurant.  She then came back and asked if we could share a pen as there were no more pens left.  Really? Where did they disappear to?  I was expecting the Mystery Machine to pull up and have Scooby and Gang try to solve this mystery.Rare simply didn't deliver.  It was a very amateur experience for a place that wants to be (or at least priced) for the big leagues.  Looks alone can't carry a restaurant.  Are they not aware of at least 3 other steakhouses that are just on the Square?  All of which deliver not only a better experience but better value.  Or are they preying on the out of town visitor that gets lured in but then turned off by it's food never to return again?  I don't know the answer to that question but I do know this-without some dramatic improvements there is no way this place survives in the hyper-competitive restaurant space that exists within Madison.
4	Headline: A big risk that is paying off for downtown. Hits: -Bar: James the bartender is back downtown & that makes this downtown resident very happy. (James was formerly at Delmonico's followed by a stint at Ruth's Chris.) -Food: Kitschy, but tableside caesar salad is a fun throwback. -Space: Sprawling private rooms with conferencing capabilities. Misses: -Food: Pacing is slightly off in terms of inconsistent downtime between courses & delayed drink refills in the dining room. -Space: Some noise abatement would likely improve ambiance - not looking for it to be quieter, just less echos.  Hints: -Bar: Go for happy hour and get to know James if you don't already know him.-Food: Order the creamed spinach w/o bacon, it is better without it. Also, ask for half portions of salads as they are huge, particularly the beet salad. -Space: They have a private entrance if you arrive by car service. Depending on how they use it, this may be a life safer for ladies in heels this winter. Bottom-line: They seem to be stabilizing quickly for a new joint.
3	Sometimes it's the last impressions that matter.  Low-grade mass-produced ice cream for your signature dessert dish... in the Dairy state???   Eleven hours and a night's sleep after leaving the restaurant, and I'm still upset about dessert.  More on that below...Overall my first experience with Rare was inconsistent at best.  Some high highs, some low lows, and enough "meh" to not warrant the pricetag.  Open for just 2 months so far, I hope they continue to refine, because I really, really wanted to love this place.Highs:+Beautiful old-school Chicago steakhouse feel+Wine list is amazing; can stand up to any big city restaurant+Crab cakes and pork belly appetizers were both outstanding+Tableside Caesar salad is the best Caesar salad I've ever had - dressing is not too heavy and the croutons were amazing+Table service strategy of having a table Captain and assistant was spot-on, with the right amount of attention"Meh":+Steaks - our table of 4 ordered 3 steaks - all dry aged; my husband and I shared the Tomahawk Chop - an impressive looking piece of meat, but was prepared medium rare (warm red), not medium (warm pink, as described & requested).  We all agreed we had had better steaks elsewhere.+Sides - we ordered the steamed broccoli, vegetable of the day (zucchini and cherry tomatoes), Yukon Pave, and Duck Frites.  Our friends enjoyed both forms of potatoes, but I thought the Yukon Pave was served a little cold, and my husband and I both agreed we'd had better frites in town.+Servers - while attentive, servers could use a little more polish Lows:+Bar service was excessively slow when we ordered pre-dinner cocktails (bar was not full)+Dessert - Rare's signature dessert, Bananas Foster prepared tableside ... with cheap, disappointing ice cream.  On top of this, we were charged for 2 orders of the dish when we had ordered one to share.  Our table Captain said he had brought two boats in which to serve the dessert to make it easier to share, but then he charged us for both.  When I questioned it, he paused - as if I was in the wrong - but agreed to take one off the bill. Now let's get down to the butterfat.  As our table Captain prepared our Bananas Foster, I asked who makes the ice cream  - wondering if it's one of the many local sources of wonderful ice cream (Chocolate Shoppe, Sassy Cow, Babcock Hall, Purple Door, etc.), or - better yet - do they make their own?  The server replied honestly that it was "just a Kemps product."  I was in shock. I realize I am making a big deal about ice cream.  But this IS the Dairy State.  And Rare is a high-end steakhouse on Madison's Capitol Square, trying to prove it can play with the Big City steakhouses.  They source their dry aged steaks from Chicago, and mentioned the ingredients from the soup and vegetable of the day were all sourced from the farmers market on the Square.  And yet someone made the very poor decision to serve grocery-store ice cream with its signature dessert to seemingly save a few bucks.  When done right, the ice cream in Bananas Foster should melt into a creamy pool of wonder, swirling with caramel.  But the lack of butterfat meant that was lost, and the empty "ice" flavor in this mass-produced ice cream was NOT successfully covered with the gooey wonder of caramelized butter and brown sugar.  So very disappointing.This cheap decision was a slap in the face after spending so much on the rest of the experience.  Our table of 4 spent $450 on four courses, a bottle of wine, cocktails and espressos - not unreasonable for a big city steakhouse, but still a pretty penny.  If there is a next time, I'll save the $10 and walk down the street for REAL Wisconsin ice cream...
2	I didn't want to go until they had been open for at least a month. Probably should have waited longer. Speaking of waiting: Our steaks came 90 minutes after we were seated. Food: The line cooks need to look into the simple concept of putting salt and pepper on the steaks before putting on the grill. I guess they expect that folks will want to select one of their $3 rubs, but I prefer a classic steak without the disguise of a sauce or rub. One steak had to be sent back twice - still not correct. The good: super attentive staff. Not a clunker in the bunch. Bar crew is top notch - quality cocktails and a showy wine list. The "meh": they of course want you to feel like your are in an old Chicago steak house so one can't help but feel like you are in a theme-park. This will go over big with tourists, but not with a cynical foodie (me). Cost: The pricing is why I likely won't be back. You can get the real deal  a vastly superior steak) across the square at Tornado for the same money and skip the stage show at Rare. Cento, which is nearby also has a better steak, and that isn't even their focus. Final analysis: good for sorority sisters that don't want to drive tipsy back from Ruth's Chris, or visiting Badger fans needing to blow big bucks and have a "fancy" night out after the game. This will be one of those places that will thrive regardless of reviews - fantastic location and a timeless concept.
2	A dressy upscale steakhouse with good ambiance and a nice setting on the capitol square.I had a martini, caesar salad and lobster bisque. The martini was great! The service was friendly, and the waitress raved about the caesar salad, so I tried it. It was poor. It looked like Cisco Systems pre-chopped romaine, with generic dressing.  It didn't taste very good, and it didn't look good. I like caesar salad, and there are many good caesar salads in town -- Lombardino's is outstanding, Tornado Room is great, Tempest is excellent, 43 North is good and unusual (grilled), etc. The Rare Steakhouse caesar doesn't come close to any of those. The chef should try one of those to see what the competition is offering.Then the lobster bisque arrived, and I hate to be negative, but honestly, it was inedible. You would think that someone who works there would have tasted it and said "Uh, we really need a new recipe."So, it's a nice setting to meet friends over a cocktail. If you want to eat, there are many better alternatives. Actually, I can't think of a worse alternative.
5	Hard to find any wrinkles.  Outstanding experience.1.  Wine list is, hands down, best in Madison.  They have several reasonably-priced, nice bottles as well.  2.  For those who say this is too pricey, I'd say it's on par or even less expensive than Tornado.  $23 for a very nice 6 oz filet is reasonable. Salads and sides are big enough to share.  3.  Service was good.  Our server was a little over-zealous, but very professional.4.  I love the ambiance.  It fits great for the Capitol Square.  Some great, private rooms that would work well for business group dinners.I thought it was fantastic.  Nice job Rare!
4	This is a special occasion kind of place. Lovely ambience, delicious meal. Table side Caesar salad is a fun touch. Customer service and attention to detail is pretty amazing here.  Great job for a new restaurant!
2	I really want to give this place a better rating, but just cannot. I have been to Rare on three separate occasions and would "possibly" give it another try in the future.First time I went was great. From the friendliness of the service all the way to the last bite of the meal, which brought me back once again.My second experience was about 10 minutes long. Took a table in the bar area with the plan to have a cocktail and a light dinner with the lady, and did not even get approached by a server for that 10 minutes. Sorry, but a place of this level the service should be superior, and i've had service be more attentive at Denny's.....Third and last time iced this place for me. Called and made a reservation for 6 o'clock on a Thursday and showed up to NOT have a reservation, although there were at least 20 tables that were open, and many of those were still open upon my party leaving, we were told to grab a table in the bar area and a server will be with us. Though upset, I kept my cool and we took a seat at a table in the bar area. Over 10 minutes went by again waiting for a server to acknowledge we were even there! The server was fantastic, and clearly was not her fault as she was given the ENTIRE bar area and outdoor seating area to handle by herself, which shows this establishment has management that could learn a thing or two....Both times I ate the food was great, the servers I had were excellent, however there is something about this place that makes me feel the overall experience  should be at a higher level. Giving Rare some time and I will be back, though they do need to work on providing a higher level of overall service to their patrons. Cheers!
2	Seriously the worst bar service in Madison.. I can't get over the fact how such a great place can't either get good help or isn't willing to hire a manager to teach their staff how to be attentive and a little more courteous.. The food is great.. If you're willing to spend two hours waiting for a drink and then asking the server three times if your table is ready..
1	We stopped in for a drink at the bar only to be totally offended by the hostess who was so rude we (a table of 8) left before we even ordered. Never will go back!!!
1	I'd give rare zero stars if yelp allowed. Awful service, and very rude staff. Go to Tornado steak house. Better food and much friendlier staff.
4	Great service good, salads great filet. Atmosphere dark and old fashion, bar noise a little loud overall great dinner
3	In my opinion this is a very good steakhouse because it has very good steaks, it's that simple. To become a great steakhouse they would need great sides, great desserts, and or great service. Maybe in time they will hit their stride and I hope they do because it's a beautiful restaurant in a great location.
2	This review is only pertaining to the organization of the restaurant because, due to their lack of organization, I was unable to experience the food and wine at this new Madison establishment. We had inquired about attending a multi course wine makers dinner with wine parings that was advertised via Grgich Hills winery. First, when we called to make reservations, the restaurant was confused and had it on their calendar for 10/29 even though the winery advertised 10/30. We eventually had to call the winery directly to get a straight answer. After a few different conversations, it turns out the dinner will be cancelled due to Rare's lack or organization and marketing of the event. We have yet to be contacted back by Rare and found this information out through the winery. Guess the is "The Madison Experience...." that will be missed.
5	This was hands down one of the best meals of my life. They have an amazing wine selection, so you can't go wrong there. I had the crab cakes appetizer and they were the best I've ever had. Also I would recommend the Caesar salad that they make at your table for you and ask them to put their bacon on it... Another best of my life, and our server was awesome. The steak was amazing, the filet was great with mushrooms and the one bite potatoes are so delicious. Basically I don't think you can go wrong here, I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a great meal and don't mind spending a little more.
4	Went to Rare with the family (two adults, two teens) on a Monday night for a birthday celebration. We sat in one of the half-moon booths, which was comfortable for the four of us.I was worried upon reading past reviews that we would be fending off pushes to buy more expensive drinks and food extras; we experienced exactly zero up-sell pressure. Instead we received solid recommendations on all parts of the food menu, all which turned out quite well.The crab cakes are as advertised - fantastic, and I'm not a crab cakes fan. Pork belly was also recommended, and was one of only two "just fine" orders. Two of us split a wedge salad, the other two split a Caesar salad - which was prepared expertly at tableside. Steaks were fantastic. Fan. Tastic. Bone-in and boneless rib eyes, 6 oz and 10 oz filets all easily met our optimistic expectations. Side of duck frites was also tremendous - but the creamed spinach was not a wow. Next time (and there WILL be a next time) we'll try some of the other interesting-looking sides. Desserts of chocolate cake, bananas foster (tableside, again) and creme brulee all pleased. Service was outstanding - another area about which previous reviews had us worried. Would happily recommend for those willing to have a special, albeit pricey, evening.
3	I had the bone-in Ribeye and really enjoyed it! It was cooked perfectly! I also enjoyed their large club booths and friendly, knowledgeable waitstaff. We tried the Crab cakes, which we thought were good; mostly because they didn't skimp on the crab-to-stuffins' ratio, though I didn't think they were ground-breaking either.We had a couple of different particularly delicious red wines-good selection! The "Tableside" Caesar was very good. I'm not much of a "table-side" kind of girl though. This type of fanfare is wasted on me as I am torn between being respectful of watching the waiter do his thing and what I'd rather do, which is chit-chat with my friends. Duck Frites were a tasty side, though I wish I had ordered the Yukon Pave like my friends did-it was even better!I wonder if they told the Interior Designer, "We will do the bathroom ourselves to save a little money." because it's a mismatched collection of accents that just didn't do anything for me.Visit Date: 10/29/2014
5	Why isn't this place 5 stars? To see this joint at 3 stars is crazy. Am I missing something here? Let me see if I can break this down and my experience was sitting at the bar for dinner. 1. Professional Service with Old Style Captains available to assist the servers to make your dining experience more enjoyable. Only the classiest places have Captains. 2. The decor is drop dead gorgeous. Someone dropped a lot money in this place and it looks spectacular. The woodwork alone would probably drain most of our bank accounts. Plus it's right in the square. 3. The food is top notch man. I'm not going to bore you with all the great steak joints I've eaten at. I find that annoying. I will tell you that food was outstanding. As with all high class joints everything is Ala Carte. That issue, the US prime meats they are serving and the new decor sets this apart from Tornados.  My filet was cooked perfect medium and if you don't believe me look at my picture. You could taste the quality of the meat and no steak sauce was required. It cut like soft butter man. The scalloped potatoes I got as a side were extremely tasty. Broiled perfect and it was a nice portion. I also had the creamed spinach. Not to shabby but it wasn't the best I've ever had.4. Happy Hour. This happy hour was pretty sweet. My wife had the French Dip which was on this menu. she loved it along with the 5 buck wines. We also got the cheese plate which was also only 5 bucks.Verdict Am I living on the moon to give this place 5 stars? You folks in Madison have some damn good places to eat at and I will be shocked that if in time this place doesn't end up being the best in your town. When I'm sitting in my shorts, flip flops and T-shirt by my pool in January in South Florida someone will have to give me an update on this place. Stay Hungry!
5	At the recommendation of my good friend and Yelper Rob P. I took my gf to Rare for our 1 year anniversary.  A great choice to say the least!!I noted our occasion in my online reservation, and after taking our coats and seating us, they brought us each a flute of champagne and said congrats.  *The key to my heart*I looked at many yelp reviews of Rare before going, and the only real qualms I read were about the service and the temp of the steaks.  Both were perfect for us!  Our "Captain" and his assistant were both friendly and punctual.  And my medium rare bone-in rib eye was perfect.  The extra blue cheese crumbles I ordered for the top may have been a little excessive, but my steak was delicious!My favorite part of the meal, however, was the first course.  I had the Cesar salad which was made table side, complete with a pop quiz and the history from our waiter about the origins of the Cesar Salad.  My partner had the carrot and dill bisque, hands down my taste buds' favorite!B had the chicken in mushroom sauce with asparagus and we shared a bottle of pinot gris, all fabulous.We passed on the desert and yet they sent us home with a small complimentary piece of cake.I highly recommend Rare for any special occasion!!!  I can't afford to go again for a while, but I'll be back for sure.
2	Some  background. I lived in Madison for twenty years, but now live elsewhere and was visiting. I am a food and have dined in true five star restaurants. To be fair we dined here on a night that the badgers played and won and it was nearly full. However, when we arrived it was nearly empty. We had reservations for several days. They messed up on the reservations and had some difficulty with the booth we had reserved.  From the time of our reservation until we were served our meal was precisely an hour. There were four of us. Our "captain" had an assistant, but was more interested in entertaining us than providing service. The ambiance is first class, the decor is exemplary and it has hype to match. We ordered the beet salad, which was quite good, but it was simply nice greens with a few pieces of beets and some very nice goat cheese. My expectation was a beet salad - not a green salad accompanied by some beets.The steaks were OK (we had a filet and a rib eye), but unremarkable. The plates they were served on were cold and the temperature of the meet was just acceptable, but cooked to order at medium rare. The meat was not as tender or as favorable as I would expect for prime beet.We had two sides -- a baked potato and duck frites; both were nearly cold. We sent the duck frites back, as the first serving was soft and not crisp. The second serving we very good. The backed potato was not served with the sour cream as ordered and it had to be pointed out. It took time just to bring the sour cream.They have no specialty coffees for desert.They are priced to compete with Flemings and Ruth's Chris in Madison, but are not nearly as good as either.
5	The best steak I've ever had and fantastic service. Definitely a destination for a date night or to celebrate for a special event.
