1	Every 6 months I come back here to check if it's gotten any better since's its location is so bloody convenient. Unfortunately, I'm disappointed each time.- Overpriced ($24 for a sandwich and beer)- No value (my sandwich was sprinkled with chicken shavings. Fries were in a bowl on my plate so they can give me even less)- Dirty and hot glasses were brought to the table (my beer turned into piss within seconds! Alchemy!)I'm unsure if Cage merits another try. I'd really like to see something better take the spot. Like Denny's!
3	What more can you say about Chicken and Ribs?   I usually go to watch the UFC events or any Boxing Pay for View event.  They are one of the few places in Montreal you can get Creemor on Tap, add the wings, and a great event.  What more can you ask for?  oh, ya, dont forget the free popcorn.
2	VERY VERY FRIENDLY WAITRESSES AND WAITERS. I never got a "bitchy" staff member serve me and we always end up laughing together and having a great time (yes, with the staff). I was told it's because most clients are rather cold to them and I'm one of the friendly ones but that's to be expected in a bigger franchise of bars.Free Popcorn and 4$ infinite refill iceteas are amazing. Decently priced food, not spectacular but nothing big.The TV set ups don't cover all the seats in the bar and that's honestly quite frustrating. My friend practically got a neck cramp trying to watch UFC 168.I was sadly told from a VERY RELIABLE source on staff that they recycle cole slaw... Now THAT is fucking disgusting. I do not know nor will I ever reveal if the staff member is still working there or not. I do not know how they recycle the cole slaw but I'm never touching that part of my meal ever again.
3	A consistently highly mediocre experience. Never great but never horrible. The beer however is on par but at a price, $10  for 24oz!!! On the plus side, if you're there to watch a game, you will get a good view of a TV, they are everywhere. Plus, it not being a brasserie or bar, you can bring the kids along.
3	Mediocre food, but great service. Lots of comfy seating with great views of different TVs and games.
