5	Very professional, knowledgeable and prompt. After trying to recover myself and no getting anywhere. I decided that I would search the internet for a well seasoned business. Definitely will be calling him again.
5	A+++ Joe and his team are as good as it gets.   Many people are wary of calling a tow service, especially an off-road oriented tow service, for fear of gouging.   Fear not with Arizona 4x4 Off Road Recovery.   They will come get you, however thick your situation may be, and do so safely and ethically.   Best in class, for sure.   I am in a well known Jeep club, and have personally seen the Arizona 4x4 Off Road Recovery team at work in sticky situations up at Sunflower Mine, in Florence Junction and at Table Mesa.   They have capable vehicles and capable, professional people with a lot of years experience in this profession.   If you've found this review because you're looking for help, give them a call, you won't be disappointed.  Also, of note, I had some trouble with another tow service with a very similar name to this one.  "Rescue" or something like that instead of Recovery.   Turns out those guys with "Rescue" are pretty new to the scene, will attempt to impersonate AZ 4x4 Off Road Recovery on the phone, and WILL gouge you when you're most vulnerable.  I was wheeling my Jeep once here in Arizona and I came across that other "Rescue" company pulling a pickup truck off some rocks in a very "easy" section of a trail.  Had to stop behind them because they were taking up the whole trail.  When we got out and went up to see if we could help, we saw that they were professionally filming the extraction.  In talking to a couple of the people in their group, they said they had staged the whole thing (that the truck was not really stuck) and that they were filming it for a video on their website.   These people with "Rescue" couldn't even video real recoveries to put on their website!!!!!If you call, ask for Joe specifically!!!!!Scott
5	We recently called on Joe to help us recover a vehicle that was involved in an off road accident. Joe maintained a professional and courteous attitude while the emotions were high. All of us would like to put out a big thank you to Joe and highly recommend his services.
5	Joe is a professional recovery expert.
