5	It took me 4 tries but I finally found my mani/pedi spot.  Whoohoo!  Scottsdale Nails is a great find.  They are super nice and everything is very clean.  (A new set of tools is opened for you when you sit down.)  My pedicure was fabulous, the application was great and has been lasting for quite some time.  The manicure is good, it doesn't last quite as long as the place I used to go to in Boston but you can get a good 10 days out of it.  Best of all?  Two huge racks of Essie polish! Finally a place here that satisfies my need to have understated nail color and not walk around with garishly bright nails.  The price for the mani/pedi was just what it should be, $35.  They work quickly, but not too quickly that the end product is shoddy.  They only do cash tips and get very busy so I would definitely call for an appointment.
5	I have to agree with Kristin S. After an incident of which I will not speak occured with my old salon (ok, i will - i got bumped from my regular appointment by some woman who walked in with no appointment and claimed to have a "nail emergency." she was not bleeding, and, well, i get my nails done regularly but have never declared a "nail emergency." oy!) I tried this place out. It was clean, friendly, efficient and affordable. Def. call for an appointment b/c they fill up fast and otherwise you can never get in. So far the best nail place in Scottsdale, and I have tried a few...
5	Very particular about where I get my nails done and how I want them done. LOVED Scottsdale nails! Great service!! I got an amazing pedicure- unlike other places they really put time and effort into their work. Two days after I left one of my fingernails broke as I was assembling something. I went back to get it fixed and got taken in right away. They remembered me and were suuuuper nice. I did not get charged for getting my nail fixed. I highly recommend Scottsdale Nails. Nice place, nice people, very clean, huge selection of polish! Do call for appointment because they do get busy.
5	I have come here religiously for the past 4 years (every 2 weeks) and have never been disappointed.  Every nail artist in the salon is amazing and they have the best service.  The prices for N. Scottsdale are very decent.  I love the spa pedicure (with the sea salt and the french).  Super clean with new tools on each client.  They recently expanded so they have twice the space - their massage chairs are amazing.  And even down to the spa owner's little daughter who helps take your money on occasion.  It's definitely a family atmosphere here.  I bring my mom, girlfriends, sisters here whenever they are in town.  A nice treat for such a great price!
5	Fantastic! Cash tip only.
5	First of all - very clean nail salon without any overpowering smell. I am a hair stylist by trade and so I am VERY particular about sanitation in salons. This place seemed to follow all the rules to protect their guests. Secondly, the space is large and airy. I felt very comfortable and relaxed in their massage spa chairs. The nail techs are all very pleasant and do a very thorough job. My tech, Wendy, was great. She not only did a terrific job with the services, she also turned me on to a great Vietnamese Restaurant!
5	The best of Scottsdale. Always great service, awesome talented staff, great prices and in a relaxing, clean and nicely decorated salon. Also must recommend Holly...she is a true nail artist.
2	I just moved here and am looking for a great place for nails.  After reading the great reviews I made an appointment here.  I was very surprised when I first walked in and the receptionist barely greeted me, but was more interested in posing model like and looking aloof.  The place is an assembly line, it was crowded with staff and clients and super busy.  My technician kept checking her phone for texts and her watch the entire time and talking about how I was her "last one" and she was anxious to be off.  I didn't feel like the manicure was particularly good or bad, but just no personal attention.  I wasn't overly impressed with cleanliness either.. I just have to be suspicious of a place that busy with that many hands and feet coming in and out of the chairs, baths, and tools.  I didn't see any disinfectant or autoclaves being used during my appointment and the nail files were definitely not one use only.  I am going to keep looking....
4	I started going here when I lived up the street in McDowell Mtn Ranch and go there still now that I live further away.  They remodeled about a year ago and it's all pretty pretty now.. they raised the prices a little but it's still worth it.  Everyone is supernice, manicures are consistent no matter who does your service, and they must have the largest selection of OPI colors anywhere.  I can always find any color I'm looking for.  "Betty" is the best, and a real sweetheart.  They accept credit cards but not for tips, so be sure to bring a few extra paper dollars for a tip.. they deserve it!
4	I was late and missed my favorite gal Linda but still received an excellent pedi!
5	I have been to tons of nail salons and never really find a place I like, but I love Scottsdale Nails.  It's a beautiful, clean salon with excellent prices and very nice service.  I give this place an A plus and won't go anywhere else!
5	Cindy is amazing! She can do excellent manicure with gel I would suggest her if you need a fill or a back fill. Amy is the best for pedicures since I get a lot of hang nails in my feet and she can get them all out. Make sure to call ahead for appointment with these two since they get booked fast.
3	5/5/11Walked in at 3:30p for a mani/pedi and was told the earliest would be at 4p.  Once she penciled me in, I left to wait it out at the Starbucks next door.  There isn't a buzzer system, so keep this in mind if you do go.This space is large, clean, bright, and bustling!  I've never seen so many nail artists busy at work at one time.  I met Luanne, who was friendly, efficient, and did a very good job painting my toes and fingers.  My only two complaints are that 1.) she cut too deeply on my left big toe and aggravated a previous wound, thus the area has been painfully-raw since (esp. now as I've been on my feet all day on 3-inch heels), and 2.) I really don't appreciate it when I'm paying for a service, and during that service I'm hurt and am told "You're too sensitive!"  Umm...  I'll try harder not to draw back in pain the next time you're about to draw blood, OK?Mani/pedi cost has gone up since another review here mentioned it-- t's now $40, and this was the most I've ever paid for the service.  It's also the first time I chose to try gel polish.  It costs $15 extra PER pair-- $5 more than what my sis paid for it in Charlotte.  (Gotta love living in Scottsdale!)  So far, I'd say gel polish is worth the extra cost-- my regular nail polished-nails usually get ruined w/in 30 minutes of my walking out of the salon, even after quick-drying spray was applied.  A day later and the polish still looks immaculate!  The next two days will prove whether or not it was worth the extra cost... watch this space for an update!  :)Psst!  If you do get gel polish, be sure to apply SPF on your hands/feet beforehand (due to the process of "setting" the gel w/ UV rays, I'm assuming you should avoid saturating the nailbeds w/ sunscreen).  While the tech will apply a coat, more than likely he/she won't properly cover the entire area (she didn't w/ mine), and the areas that weren't covered by the coating felt very hot (almost searingly-hot!) under those UV machines.  (Total UV exposure was around 10-12 minutes.)
5	I had a really hard time finding clean, trusty nail service in Scottsdale.  The clean and bright facility is designed to hold many customers, the staff is extensive, all nice, and hard working.  I tried the "gel" permanent french manicure last week.  Two weeks later and my nails are still as beautiful as the day I got them done.FYI - you can't tip on your card.  But there is an atm in the plaza.
2	I've been to Scottsdale Nails twice, today was my second time. The first time I went I had a great experience and even started telling my friends to try it out. Today was a different story...I always get the same gel color and noticed they had it last time I was in which was 2 weeks ago. I looked for it forever through the endless bottles they have to choose from (shouldn't that be their job?) and was unable to find what I was looking for. I was told I could start my gel manicure and they would look for it later. I was not comfortable with that and told them I wanted a specific color and if they didn't have it I would like to go to the Nail salon I knew would have it. They finally found it and sat me down. Linda was my tech and she immediately began to file my polish off which I asked politely not to do since I've had issues with them being filed in the past creating brittle nails that bleed from being so thin. She argued with me and said soaking would take too long, she even had another nail tech try and talk to me about it. I continued to ask for it to be soaked off just like they did last time. For goodness sakes why is that such a difficult request??? Finally she did what I was asking and then would not stop telling me how wrong I was about the filing causing my nails to be so thin, painful and bleed. I told her she was not correct that since I've asked people not to file the color off I've had no problems. We went back and forth many times. She also kept walking away and talking on her phone then went to an area by the restroom where many other tech were standing around and all of them were laughing and one even pointed at me!!! I can't tell you how angry I was! Here I am paying for a service and am trying to be nice and had a few requests that were not that big of a deal. I don't think I will ever go back. I will go back to my previous salon and bring my friends with me! The only reason I gave 2 stars is because I had a better experience the first time or else it would be 1!
5	I've been to Scottsdale probably 50 times and they are consistently great.  I drive from Old Town to go there and it is so worth the trip.  A true find and their prices are what you would pay anywhere else.
3	I havent tried too many nail places in the valley being fairly new to the habit of pampering myself and my nails :-) but this place has served my needs so well that I may not be researching any further. The place is clean, the staff is professional, experienced and friendly. This place also introduced me to the concept of gel nail paint and I'm a fan. It lasts for atleast 4 weeks and doesnt cost that much more than the regular paint so definitely value for money. Tips are only in cash so do have cash on hand.
1	DO NOT go here. Have been going here for 3 years and quality has gone way done. Now, my diamond ring has been "lost" under some questionable circumstances, and they are refusing to help me or look or do anything. Don't let this happen to you.
5	Walked in 10 minutes before they closed, they took us anyway. I got a fill and a pedicure. The girls, who I expected to rush through, took their time. They were all very nice and did a wonderful job!
5	Best nail place around. I have never left disappointed. I highly recommend.
4	High marks to this salon!  Extremely clean with several chairs and techs available.  I went in for a mani pedi and was very happy with the results.  I appreciated the fact that two people worked on me to save time - if you don't like this they won't do it but I think its very efficient.  My manicure is fabulous and my heels are callus free!  Highly recommend!
5	I spent almost 2 years searching for a good nail salon in the North Scottsdale area and I will never go anywhere else again.  It is very clean, the girls are very nice, and they always do a really good job on my nails.  They are upfront about their pedicure prices - they hand you a price sheet that tells you exactly what you get for each upgrade - instead of pressuring you into getting something better and then upcharging you.  I think their prices are super reasonable as well.  For the best pedicure and a french gel manicure I pay $70.  I usually make appointments (Sunday mornings are nicely uncrowded), but I've also walked in and been taken fairly quickly.  I love this place and will recommend it to anyone who asks!
3	Not bad but certainly not great.  It is big and clean with an excellent choice of gel and regular polish.  The experience itself can range from excellent to infuriating, depending upon the day.  The ladies that work there are good for the most part, however, there are times when you'll get one that talks on the phone throughout your pedicure and would rather run their mouth than concentrate on what they're doing.  I'm not looking to chat, I just want someone to pay attention to their work.  I've seen them laugh at customers without much shame, they laughed at some poor old lady the other day because they sat her at a table and no manicurist showed up for 30 minutes - hilarious.  Some will leave your nails extremely sharp on the edges if you don't make them do a little more filing.  They put your flip flops on after they paint your toes, not too bright but they all do it so it's dictated from somewhere.They have one front person that's very good but then again, you might get the owner - she's a loser with a bad attitude.  Don't expect personality either way, no matter how long you've been a customer.  Parking can be a nightmare if you're going after work during the winter months.It's the best of the many places I've tried and I am a regular, however, I'm still looking and would happily switch if I can find something better.  It's a good choice if you need a solid mani/pedi on short notice but not a long term solution to your nail needs.
4	This has become my go-to nail salon.  The prices are reasonable (especially for Scottsdale) and they always do a great job.  I am easily able to call for a same-day appointment and get right in when I get there.  Love the great selection of both gel and regular nail polish.  My gel manicures last for 3 weeks, and then I come back for a new one. Love this place and glad it's a part of my nail routine!
1	I have gone to this salon for about 5 years. I'm so sorry to have to say the service has been steadily declining.  I used to be pretty happy with whoever I got but I started to have some bad experiences. I then began requesting Hanna or Heather. Hanna is no longer there and I don't think Heather is either. There must be a reason the girls are leaving. The others I've had have been very rough. When I have said something to them (in a nice way), I've gotten a very flippant attitude.  I am forced to try some other nail salons.
4	Love getting my nails done here. They always have an opening and the place is so much cleaner then the other places I've tried.
5	This is by far the best place in the valley.  I have been to several other places around and I think this place goes above and beyond.  On my most recent visit, I had a pedicure and a shellac manicure.  The pedicure was great and lasted over three weeks.  They took time to make sure that they did not paint on my cuticles which is a huge pet peeve of mine.  When they did my shellac, they put sunscreen on my hands to protect them from the UV light.  I really appreciated that.  This is the only place I have ever been that does that.  My shellac was perfect and was not on my cuticles at all.
5	I love this place. They have a broad selection of regular and gel polishes. Also, the nail technicians really listen to what you're asking for length and shape-wise. A few things to keep in mind, they accept cash tips only so be sure to grab a couple fives before you head over. Also, they're usually packed on the weekend so call ahead and schedule an appointment -- they sometimes book completely! Naomi Garnice gives this place five stars.
1	Not a fan. Came here after reading great reviews and had a pedicure that was less than satisfying. The place has lots of chairs for pedicures which is great but my lady rushed through my pedicure-spent most of the time cutting my nails enough for them to bleed and then got all her liquids in my cuts making my feet burn the whole time. My massage was what I was most looking forward to and it felt like it lasted two minutes total. No timer or anything just her internal brain clock which is too fast for me.
5	I went in today as a walk in around lunch time for a gel manicure and pedi polish change. Not only was Amy (my nail tech) helpful with picking out colors, this was the fastest gel manicure I've ever had. My nails look perfect and fun! When I went to pay the receptionist informed me that Amy had worked out a deal for me and had given me a gel polish change. For both it was $30 when normally it was $40! I am beyond impressed and tell everyone who comes to town to go here for their nails!
2	They are not the friendliest and are not cheap but it's a nice looking nail place in a great location with a lot of really good nail techs. Unfortunately they use old polish that should be thrown out and bubbles up when it dries. I really like this place but after being a regular for 2 months and getting bad polish twice I'm going to be forced to explore other options. Who wants bubbles on their nails???  Bad practice.
3	I had a pretty goo pedicure  from Scottsdale Nails. They didn't do anything really special except give a good price for a pedi. I don't live in that area but if I did I would go there again i'm sure.
4	I am new to Scottsdale, I came from an area where I had a VERY hard time finding a decent nail place and was hesitant about going through the process again.I got this recommendation from the lady at the bank. Because there was a closer salon to my house I started at the wrong place. Big mistake. My acrylic started popping off the following day. By the time I came to Scottsdale Nails, I think I had four nails left that were in decent shape.Lindsey was my nail tech. I told her about the issues and about my hesitation of looking for a new place. She was WONDERFUL. She explained to me that perhaps my acrylic from my Key West nail lady didn't interact well with the acrylic from the last place (of course the last place didn't care, I even offered that I was new to the area).She removed the old acrylic and we started fresh, She did a great job of caring for my nails and making sure that I had the shape/length that I like. Loved that. I tipped her well because she was VERY caring.The place is clean and pretty. It is the largest nail salon I have EVER seen - I believe I counted 18 mani AND 18 pedi stations.I have a couple of complaints/observations:They only accept cash tips. They do NOT make it clear before you sit down (I even called ahead and made an appointment). Parking for a 12:30 appointment sucked (sorry if that's a bit harsh, but it wasn't 'bad', it didn't 'stink', I call it like it is). I hope that it was because it was the lunch hour and there were quite a few eateries there. I drove around for SEVEN MINUTES before I found a space by Walgreen's.After my appointment, I stopped at the front desk to schedule my next appointment. The owner/manager lady stepped away and never came back. I made it a point to stand in front of the window and move a bit... nothing. Some of the nail techs came up and got paperwork and retrieved clients, I expected them to let her know I was there. Nothing...I will go back.
5	By far the best and my favorite salon! Love this place. Great prices, and pedicures last a long time!
5	I love this place!  I've had several pedicures and manicures by a few different people. Here are my recommendations:  A gel manicure with Kim.  She's young and super cute and does an excellent job.  She's easy to talk to but doesn't pester the whole time.  I walk in, tell her what kind of color I want, and she hunts through the bottles to find the perfect shade for me.  Today she even dug up the newest issue of US Weekly for me to browse while I waited for my tin-foiled-nails to finish.   And she uses her own uv-free light (I guess it is better for your skin).  The salon itself is pretty good.  There is a Starbucks a couple doors down, and AJ's next door.  So getting a coffee or iced tea beforehand is always fun.  For the most part all of the employees are hardworking and take pride in what they do. You can come in your sweats or in your business suit- both are very acceptable.  I've seen women of all ages and occassionally men.  One time it took 30 minutes longer than what they said and I ended up late to a meeting at work.  Now I know to give myself more wiggle room with the time.  And they only take cash tips.Best story: one time I saw a college aged gal bring in her parents who were visiting from out of town.  All three of them got pedicures together.  Her dad was very uncomfortable at first but once his bare feet hit the warm water he melted.  It was super cute.
1	I'll have to find another option. The quality of my pedicure was great and the nail technicians were like robots; there's no enjoyment there at all.
2	When giving Scottsdale Nails stars, I had to really think it about. I went there for about one and half years twice a month....once for a pedicure and once a month for a fill. I don't have too many bad comments on my pedicures, as I usually got Kim, who is a great gal. She does a great pedicure and is very friendly and has a wonderful smile at all times. She did go on maternity leave for a while, and during that time I did have a horrid experience with a gal ( Maya I think) who was simply the most unfriendly technician I have EVER experienced! I took my grand daughter and her gf and they had lovely gals Mine was VERY miserable. I asked her a few general questions, tying to make some polite chatter ( not too much) and she didn't even take the time to answer me. When I asked her why she was so miserable, she answered that she had no reason to be happy....hhmmm....maybe chose a profession that does not involve customer service? I have to say for the first time in over 20 years of going to a salon monthly, I did not leave her a tip. She ruined my experience and she didn't care that she had done so. On another topic for that day, my grand daughter's gf was very sensitive to someoe touching her feet, so she only rec'd a polish change, yet I was charged for the full pedicure ( 25 insteasd of 10$) because that is what I had booked!?! I sucked that up, but kept in in my memory bank.On to my acrylic fills, which I have done for over 25 years, and since we moved from Canada 2 years ago, I was on the hunt for the one of the best in the business as my nails are very important to me, and I need someone that does a good job, so I am not constantly going in for repairs. After flailing a few times, I found Cindy, also at Scottsdale nails. Excellent technician! That is the only nice thing I can say. Right from the onset, she had attitude, was rude, and that's if she even spoke at all! I simply have NEVER experienced horrid service like this. I went for years to my gal in Vancouver and we loved each other....I am a friendly ,easy-going person, that looks after anyone that does anything for me. The last straw with Cindy, ( after over a year of rudeness) was at Christmas. I was 5 minutes late due to lack of parking and she ranted and raved pointing repeatedly at her watch and how busy she is and on and on and on and on. I fianlly snapped! ( it takes us Canadians a while....lol) She kept saying, which she had said before, that if I don't like her attitude to choose another girl. I told her if she kept on being SSSOOOO rude her Christmas tip was in jeopardy. Well she never stopped so needless to say, the 20 bucks stayed in my pocket ( second time in my life...lol) I went over to Kim on the way out ( rememebr, the nice pedi girl?....sorry this is ssoooo long) and told her how upset I was. She wasn't surprised and suggested I try another gal.After much thought, I chose another salon all together. Since then, I have found at least 4 of my friends have left Scottsdale Nails due to their rudeness and found other places.To finish this extemely long review, I now go to Luster Nails, to a wonderful, sweet gal Leanne! I love the place, love the gal and highly recommend to whole experience here. Everyone is delightful, and I don't leave all stressed out wondering why I am putting up with attitude to spend my husband's hard earned money! Forget Scottsdsale Nails, and give Luster ( Pima road) a try.Happy mani pedi ladies!
4	I really like this place! It's super cute and clean inside and they have a GIANT selection of both gel and traditional polishes. It's a bit further of a drive from the place closest to my house, but after visiting again over the weekend I'm fairly sure i will be making the extra drive. My only complaint is that it's a bit pricey for a shopping strip salon vs a spa.
2	Not from AZ but decided on a business trip to get my nails done. Have to say we know how to do nails better in CA than AZ, sorry. They are QUICK. Felt like my mani/pedi was not done very well. After finishing my manicure I noticed there was still cuticles that needed to be trimmed. Overall it was not the best mani/pedi I've had.
3	I've been a bad Yelper. Bad bad Yelper. I should have updated this right after my appointment to keep you guys filled in, no excuse.  . .About a week after my visit, I noticed that my acrylics were peeling. The acrylic was peeling at the edge of my nail. That should NOT have happened. I tried to call but couldn't communicate well with the gal on the phone. All I got was "what time you come in?".Um. NO. (I have since remembered that my gal in Key West wrapped the acrylic b around the edge of my nail)I decided that I am now tired of trying to find new nail places. Bah humbug to that.So I let the acrylic grow out and am working hard to maintain my nails.Then I discovered Jamberry Nails. I am in love and will probably never go back to a nail salon again.So happy with my Jams that I think I'm going to sign up to sell them! Plllt nail salons.  . .pllt
5	One of the best nail places I've been to. Staff is so friendly if you talk to them. Making an appointment is a good idea since they are always busy! Can't wait to go back again!
2	The owner is a rude Vietnamese woman who goes around the shop speaking in Vietnamese to the women who work there without regard to the non-Vietnamese speaking clients. To make things worse, they speak in Vietnamese about salon clients. Everyone  here speaks Vietnamese constantly. Services are as good as every other shop. So why spend more for rude attention?
3	Pauline is the best.
4	I like Scottdale nails.  I've been going there for about couple, maybe 3 years now. I've tried other nail shops from time to time when I get coupons in the mail but I always end up coming back here.  I've only had one bad experience here where I just walked in and they just assigned me whoever was available at the time.  She was an older lady who hardly trimmed my cuticles and painted the gel too thick.  Two things i look forward to the most when i get my nails done are natural looking painted nails and neatly trimmed cuticles but it wasn't the case that time.  But it was just that one time and i don't think that lady works there anymore,  all the other times I've been there,  I'm usually happy with their job.  Mary is by far the best they have and she speaks good English,  so it makes the time more enjoyable being able to converse with someone about various topics while getting my nails done (she's also good at recommending good eateries in town) but she's ALWAYS booked,  so you have to make an appointment way ahead of time if you want her. Mimi and sofia are also good and many other nail technicians that I don't know the names to...The facility is clean, inviting, lots of magazines to read and the staff is professional.Bring cash for gratuity as you can't add tips if you're paying credit or debit.
5	I have even here twice for a spa and pedicure and both times have been great! I set an appointment for the morning and got compliments from friends all day! The acrylic lasted for at least 3 weeks and was very pretty! The place was very clean and beautiful it felt like my feet were clean by just walking in!
3	The ability to call and schedule a same day appointment was terrific, as was the time it took for my nails to be done without having to wait any more than 5 minutes. I got a full set of acrylics with shellac, which I believe should have only cost around $30 since I brought my own shellac / gellish brand polish in. The owner decided to charge me an even $50, but I was not about to argue with her since A.) my nails came out great and my tech Lynn was super considerate and nice and B.) the owner looked like a cold plastic robot more interested in primping with her compact mirror. For a fill I'm sure it'd be fine, but for an initial set I'd go somewhere else that is a bit lower in price with friendlier customer service. Overall very clean and spacious salon with a HUGE variety of gel polishes to choose from, many mani/pedi stations on the floor so there's less waiting around, and nice staff. The only downside is, although my nails look great and have gotten several compliments, the actual gel nails came out pretty thick, not sure if it was because of the polishes I was using, or the method in which Lynn applied them... (the brush she used was really quite big).Also, don't bother with Orly brand gel polishes... they're extremely thin and watered down compared to OPI / Gellish brand.
3	I'm glad I have found almost a handful of reliable technicians here- a couple I know by name, another who was very quick, but I forgot her name, and another that was also fast and whose results looked good, but she was very rough (her nail surface-cleaning and cuticle-cutting made me flinch a few times), didn't make eye contact with me, nor made me feel welcome, and only smiled at the very end.  I made it a point to know her name, so that I won't have her work on me again.I had planned to arrive before the 10 am opening, but had the idea to call at 915a to make sure that Tracy was going to be available.  I was told 11 am, so it's best to make future appointments ahead of time, or call before you drive down.Today's appointment was delightful, as usual.  I like how she lets me enjoy the treatments in silence (pedicure first), if that's what I want, and then gets chatty during the second-half of the manicure.  I brought photos on my phone of what I wanted, specifically gradation, but also some glitter, but she told me she didn't know how to do gradation.  I'm thinking that perhaps because most of these samples were on Calgel (artificial nails that look like real nails), that it isn't as easy to produce with gel polish on real nails.  (I meant to ask those at the front counter the names of those who may be able to produce these finishes, but I forgot.)  I decided to go with solid color and glitter gradation at the tips, but not French-y, and went with her suggestion of dry red glitter atop the OPI Red gel polish I chose.  I decided to trust her, even though I thought it might be look too garish.  I really like the results! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-nails-ii-scottsdale?select=JCl2gyaa09sqymKZekEE7Q#JCl2gyaa09sqymKZekEE7Q  However, I would've appreciated it if she had told me that the brushed glitter would be an additional $10!  I've had four nails of the same color and one glitter gel (per hand) at the usual $30 for a gel mani, and I wasn't expecting a markup- maybe an add. $5, if any.  I had just mentioned how getting a gel mani here for the first time years ago threw me off, as I was used to $5 markups that salons in Tempe, and in Charlotte, NC, would charge.  (BTW, Charlotte salons still charge only $5 for gel polish.)  Knowing about the additional charge for dry glitter would've given me the chance to accept the charge and go ahead with it, or opt out, rather than feel like I was ripped off a little.  I like the work of Tracy and others, so I will return, but I do ask that the techs alert their guests of any additional charges before going ahead with the services, please!Here are other photos of my previous manicures at Scottsdale Nails II:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-nails-ii-scottsdale?select=vLyQ2wreRGr9wefA39YAjg#vLyQ2wreRGr9wefA39YAjghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-nails-ii-scottsdale?select=vLyQ2wreRGr9wefA39YAjg#dGKYtKCGlx_bYf-wGVoPDQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-nails-ii-scottsdale?select=9s0bAcA6ZlL6LhIJxb7h0w#9s0bAcA6ZlL6LhIJxb7h0whttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-nails-ii-scottsdale?select=EU-qc-ROcnKuPhYPuhw0Sg#EU-qc-ROcnKuPhYPuhw0Sg
5	Miley did my nails and I was super impressed with how accurate she was and how she went back and wiped all the sides and under my nails. Usually there's just a tad but of polish on the cuticles & what-not but not this time. If have to say that was the best gel mani I've ever had.
5	I've found heaven.  I am a creature of habit; I did not leave my last nail salon that I had been going to for 7 years willingly.  I left because I moved up to Scottsdale.  Now, if you're like me, finding a good nail salon is nearly impossible.  I'm sorry but I can't just pull out my Yelp app as I normally do because it seems that everyone will always have a bad experience somewhere and you just don't know what will work for you.  Usually you have to try about 10 places before you find your match made in manicure heaven.  I decided to try Scottsdale Nails II because quite frankly, they were the closest to my house.  I called in and made an appointment - DON'T FORGET TO DO THIS!  I went on a Tuesday afternoon and they were SLAMMED!  I never would have expected this and was so glad that I did make that appointment.  The greeter was friendly and advised me to take a seat while my technician prepped for me.  I did notice a sign that they accept only cash tips, so please don't forget the green!  The place is huge... it looks like a palace with 2 pedicure stations and about 40 other stations for manicures.  All of the technicians seemed very friendly and engaged with their clients.  The place is pristine and you can tell they are very attentive in keeping it spotless.  My nail technician, who's name slips me now, came to greet me and I was sat at my station.  She asked me what I wanted and I responded to her with my usual - a full set but painted white on natural nails.  She understood right away which is more than I can say for other places I've been to in the valley.  she went right to work and used a technique I have never even seen before.  When she was done, my nails sparkled in glory.  Even at my last nail salon of 7 years had I never seen a job so well done.  Don't let the negative reviews of this place hold you back from coming here.  If you are looking for elegant, classy, and well done nails look no further.As far as price goes, well It's not cheap.  My set was $45, not including a tip.  Normally full sets start at $35 but mine was an extra $5 for the powders i used and $5 for the gel clear coat.  But it is true, you get what you pay for, and I was more than happy to splurge a little bit on this.
4	Nice place to go...I just moved here and had Jessica and Brenda do my services.  I would go back...they were busy!
4	Love Jessica for pedicures!! She's amazing. The only down fall us they're always busy so even with an appointment I had to wait 15 min.
5	Clean, professional, great polish colors!  Every time I come to this salon, it's awesome!  Affordable and the nail techs are great!!!   Cindy is awesome, love this place
2	I've been here a few times since I moved in across the street about a year ago. Usually I'm in for a pedicure and I'm out. Their pedicures are decent, nothing special but appropriately priced. I've tried other places in the area because my brow lady that practices right next door to this place says the manicurists are treated like crud. Next time I'll take that more to heart, but I was in the area and needed a pedi so I stopped in again.I recently got into the gel manicure trend. I have had a few done at other places and decided to get one while I went in for my usual pedi. My manicurist, Debbie, didn't speak to me at all, even when I tried to compliment her technique. She also gave me a massage while my hands were in her hair which I was turned off by.The polish on my thumb chipped the next day. I know this isn't the norm for gel manicures so I went back after work. The manager at the desk listened to my complaint and attempted to fix it herself.She didn't remove the remaining (unchipped) polish and instead tried to file the remaining polish down to my nail. She then slapped more polish on. When she was done and asked for my approval I said it looked lumpy (it's a duochrome polish so the lumpiness is enhanced) and she attempted to fix it by putting on more topcoat.My nail is still lumpy and I will not be returning.
4	Always great nails.   I enjoy a mani pedi after work and this is my go to spot.  Always clean and professional.  And they have new pedi chairs with tub liners.  I appreciate that I see the tools come out of the sealed package.  They are quick and efficient and always friendly.
5	This place is wonderful! The place is beautiful, so clean, and everyone is very friendly. I was trying to find on the reviews if it was cash only tip or not and I didn't see anything so I went without cash.... It's cash only tip!!!! I had Trish and she did a WONDERFUL job on my feet and hands, but I didn't have cash on me! I'm so sorry. I'm not sure I'll be back because I'm so embarrassed for not tipping.
1	I went there last Friday before a hair appointment next door. Asked for a manicure with regular polish. They got me right in, which was nice, and gave me to Betty. Unfortunately, I left her a really nice tip before looking at my nails. The polish on them is horrible! She didn't even go down to the cuticle on the first coat, and on the second coat, she only painted a part of my nail. the sides and bottom were not polished. One of the worse jobs I've ever had. I will not return!!!
5	I would highly recommend this business to anyone looking for quality and great service for an affordable price. The girls were not pushy, catered to the time frame my friend and I had allotted and we had a great time.I took my mother back weeks later for pedicures and we were pampered by two ladies with great senses of humor. LOVE this place.
5	I was in Scottsdale this weekend and made an appointment at Scottsdale Nails. When I got to my appointment, I had hoped they would be ready for me at the time of the appointment, but unfortunately, I waited 20 minutes before someone could help me. Because they were closing soon, I debated just leaving, but they insisted I would be done before then. I was then introduced to Megan who would give me one of the best acrylic manicures I've ever gotten. When I went to pay, I was told they would give me a discount for the wait. Everyone was so friendly and I'm ecstatic about my nails!
5	Almost a  year later, I am upgrading my review for Scottsdale Nails. I returned here after leaving it due to the rudness of one girl ( Cindy) as I was flailing out there tying to find a place as good as this. It was suggested to me to use Tina, and I have been now for many months. ( have always used Kim for my pedi) I love both gals, as well as Queenie and Maylee up front ( sorry if I have spelled your name wrong) Timely, professional, clean and a great job! Thank you ladies!
