4	This place is for the creative or the kid at heart. Either one works. The Artful Potter is a ceramic painting studio. You pay for a pass to use the paint and supplies, you buy the ceramic, and they will glaze and fire it for you. The wife and I have been here a couple times for dates. It is a fun place to do something different, and be creative. Also, for the price, you get a lot of bang for your buck depending on the piece you are painting. Recently, we went in to redeem a gift certificate, and to create some Halloween pieces. We checked the calendar and picked a "Free Paint" night so only had to pay for the ceramics. We each selected two different Jack-O-Laterns and a blast. We picked them up a week later after fired just in time for Halloween! There are a wide selection of paints, stencils and stamps to use. They provide all these along with the brushes. The ceramics range in price from about $5 and up. They have seasonal items, as well as consistent pieces. The selection is pretty massive and ever changing. They have a lot of specials, so make sure to check the calendar on their website. They also currently (for Fall 2010) have coupons in the UNLV Bookstore Coupon Book for free paint time or a %off. You can also bring in food or beverage. This is great place for a non-traditional date or fun time with the kids. And they do have a party room available as well.
3	For me, I wouldn't want to do this all the time. My girlfriend on the other hand loved it and wants to go back. We planned a day to head down and walked in and decided what we wanted to paint. Unfortunately I saw another thing that looked cool, picked it up and dropped a piece of it. Whoops guess I am paying for that too, ha-ha. We both bought larger pieces, me a turtle and her a dragon. The first hour went by with both of us barely saying anything because we were so into what we were doing. By the time I realized we were almost 1.5 hours in I was only half way done with my piece. Ugh! Parents with kids had come and gone before we were done. When we picked up the pieces you could tell where I gave up painting cause I wanted out. I enjoyed the experience but next time a smaller piece. Also, I don't see where I would put the pieces after every visit. I think its great for kids birthday's, Christmas presents, etc... but not a once of month stop. Again that just me, I don't have the patience to really sit and do a great job. Maybe you will!
4	I have been here twice now with my toddler.  If your child can sit still for a good amount of time- then this is a perfect creative activity for them.  You pick a piece of pottery to paint- we chose a $14 mug- and then choose your paint colors and paint away ($5 painting fee). For the more advanced painter- you can choose stencils, a variety of sponges, and art transfers.  It makes such a great personalized gift!Both times we have gone after lunch during the weekday and we practically have the place to ourselves.  But, they do have special events like "ladies night" and "paint me a story"- which we will definitely try next.  It can get expensive, so it isn't something we do all the time- but it is definitely nice to spend some time in an air conditioned, creative atmosphere. It is also a great activity for adults too.  Either by yourself, with a significant other, or a group of friends.  You can even bring your own snack and drinks. Quick tip for first timers: Go on their website and print the $2 off coupon.  And if it is your first time- you are in good hands. They are very helpful and will guide you every step of the way. If you want to paint in peace- they will let you be, as well.
4	Finally! I found a place I could kind of escape to and use my hidden art talent--which is really not that much. I took my bf here on a "date" and surprisingly, he enjoyed it. We came here on a Thursday afternoon around 4--probably not the best time to go if you want to go on this "date." That's only because there were alot of kiddies around this time. Not that I don't like kids, but some of them were loud and rowdy. Even the lady that works here mentioned that weekday mornings are better paint times. Anyway, we both purchased ceramic bowls for each other and cost us 15 bucks a piece plus 8 bucks a head for the paint time.  They have plenty of paint to choose from and plenty of brushes to go around. The only thing is that the brushes are really worn out here. I've been warned by a friend before coming here to bring my own brushes--and I soon found out why. It wasn't horrible but if you want that "fine" look on your artwork, you really won't get that with their small brushes. Anyway, as soon as we started painting, it gets very relaxing. You kind of just drift away in your own world. We didn't even notice that we sat there for almost 3 hours. We finished our pieces and they gave us a week to pick it up and it came out nicely glazed.All in all, it's just a fun place to go to no matter what age you are. The only thing  that bummed me out was I could've used a first-timer coupon they have online(which I thought expired in 2010 because it said so). But the lady mentioned they needed to update it and could still be used. We could've saved  16 bucks! So first-timers, PRINT THAT COUPON!
5	I have been here twice. A couple months ago I was looking through my Entertainment Book for ideas of what to do on a Saturday. I saw the coupon for Artful Potter and asked my spouse if she wanted to check it out. She was up for it, so we headed over.I didn't quite know what to expect. When we got there a lady said to pick out a piece and then she'd explain how everything works. I picked out a hippopotamus bank and my wife got two little plates. We sat down and the lady explained how to paint them.We both really had a good time. In fact my wife said she wanted to go back every month! We were really excited to see what our pieces looked like. We were both very pleased with how they turned out.When my aunt was here a couple of weeks ago, I suggested that we go. My mom and aunt both said they didn't want to go. I kept trying to convince them they would have fun. Finally they relented. They both ended up having a good time and were pleased with their items when we picked them up.I definitely recommend checking it out.
4	I went here for the first time a few days ago and I loved it. The girls there that helped me were energetic and fun to talk to. This place is very creative and it's very rewarding to have a piece of your art as a cup or plate! The only thing that was sort of a draw back was that I didn't expect to spend so much time there painting. You lose track of time. Other than that, this place is wonderful!
5	My boyfriend and I had a fun "date" here last week. The girl working was friendly and knowledgable. We picked out three pieces to paint and ended up staying for a good 2-3 hours. They have a good selection of ceramics and tons of paint colors, brushes, sponges, etc. I'd say reasonably priced. Paid around $40 for the three pieces. We were told they would be ready in 5-7 days but received a call within four days that they were ready for pickup. Everything was nicely wrapped for transport home and we were very happy with how they turned out. I know they do birthday parties and even pet footprints too. Really cute place...wish we had found it earlier and will definitely return!Oh...on their website they have a few coupons/deals listed. There is a coupon for first time painters and they have lots of specials. Mondays (the night we went) they don't charge to paint (which I think is normally $8 a person) and I noticed other specials on the website so that's definitely worth checking out!
