5	Welcome, Zoes Kitchen, to the Midtown area! My husband and I went to experience this new location during their pre-opening for lunch. Granted, this review may be slightly biased since it was complimentary to celebrate the opening.Friendliness was consistent throughout our entire experience. When we arrived we were greeted by eager staff at the doorway. In addition, when we placed our order we received friendly help. As we were eating, various staff would stop by to see if we needed anything. They also explained how Zoes started in Alabama by a Greek woman to support her family (since then it expanded and was sold to become this "chain").The food was delicious! I ordered the Grilled Veggie Stack and my husband ordered the Hummus Salad Plate. The portions were of good size and I couldn't finish it all. Their limeade was fresh and tart! Delicious! One of the qualities I like is that they make everything fresh, every day. They also offer side dishes without mayo for those that are allergic to dairy or are vegan. Their hand made chocolate cake was really sweet and tasty! They make their own pita chips and hummus...they are liberal with the salt, so be warned.The atmosphere is clean, bright, and open. It is also quite casual, which I was not expecting. It teeters on being considered "fast food" because you order like a fast food place, but the quality of the food is like you would expect at a restaurant. It's conveniently located near Best Buy, Trader Joe's, and Target (Midtown).I am a fan and will be back! Hopefully they stay consistent in their friendliness and quality (and not just for openings).
3	My husband and I haven't been back to Zoes since the opening until today. Today was a sunny day and it sounded right to sit outside and eat at Zoes. We ordered a chicken salad sandwich with fresh fruit and a chicken kabob plate. Oh, and a limeade...which was very sweet and delicious.This time around the food seemed average. The chicken salad didn't have pizazz and the chicken kabobs were dry. They should include a drop of hummus or yogurt dip on the kabob plate; however, the vinegar sauce on the table added a bit.Some of the staff were friendly and some not like what I remembered the first time around. Fast service and ideal for those of you in a hurry.
3	After walking around the Metropolitan shopping area one sunny Saturday, hubs and I decided to give this little eatery a try. We strolled into Zoe's to grab a quick, casual lunch al fresco. Inside, Zoe's reminds me of a brighter Just Fresh Cafe. It's clean, bright and pretty straighforward - they want to offer fresh, healthy choices, fast. I ordered the egg salad sandwich with a side of fruit while dear husband chose the chicken wraps.Our order was brought to our table within five minutes and the runner was polite and helpful. My sandwich was decent - the egg salad, while fresh, was nothing remarkable. It definitely needed some extra spice - literally. They were generous with the amount of egg salad on the sandwich, though. It was a egg-splosion. Hubs liked his healthy chicken wraps, and I tried his white bean side - not too shabby. Overall, I'll probably give Zoe's another shot as it's a healthy, quick option to grab while shopping around in that area.
2	Good as a quick lunch place not a place I'd venture for dinner.
3	Zoe's Kitchen looks so freakin' perky from the outside that I felt compelled to have lunch after shopping at Best Buy and Target in midtown.  They have a scenic outdoor seating facing uptown and the plates of the outdoor patrons looked really enticing.The menu and service is like a Meditterenean-inspired-Panera's, minus the breads and sweets.  You order and the counter and the friendly young staff bring the food to you. I got the lunch special-a turkey sandwhich on ciabatta, potato salad, and hibiscus green tea to drink.  I was not impressed.  The sandwhich was a tad dry-it needed some mayo or oil and the potato salad doesn't have mayo or much else for that matter.  Who woulda thunk it?  My meal came to $9. Hmm.Even though I had a mediocre experience, I'm not writing this place off.  The salads looked really generous and the chicken kabob seems kinda ambitious, but its worth a shot.  The restaurant is sparkling clean and the staff are quite "bubbly".  I'll let you know how my next meal is here.....
4	Fresh food, nice alternative to fast food. Need to work on cleanliness. Great convenient location in midtown n
2	Stopped in over my lunch hour with my husband while trying to squeeze in both lunch and errands at the Target across the street.  First tip, park in the bottom level of the Target and walk over.  You'll have a better chance at finding a good spot there.Nice, modern decor and outdoor seating seems promising upon first arrival.  However, after some probing about the tuna pita the staff admits that it is canned tuna.  I've never eaten can tuna but I do give it to my cat.  Against my better judgment I decided to order it any way.  It was edible but confirms my previous decision about canned tuna.My husband ordered the turkey on ciabatta.  Again, nothing special here.  My side of vegetables looked charred and soaked in oil.  One bite and I was done.  The side of beans my husband ordered were probably also canned.If you are looking for a healthier alternative to greasy fast food then it might do in a pinch but if you have the time to spare keep driving to find a better healthy alternative.  Not to mention, two meals and one lemonade came to $17.00+.  For that price you can find fresh food around Charlotte that isn't prepackaged.
4	I like Zoe's Kitchen. It is a little corporate-y, and it is clearly a chain that is trying a little too hard not to look like a chain, but the food is awfully good. I like it that it seems like almost every item of food has feta cheese in it. I'm a fan of the feta.I also like all their vegetarian options, and it's not a bad place to meet a friend for lunch. There are some surprisingly cozy little nooks where you can tuck away and talk, which is nice. It doesn't hurt that it's right around the corner from Trader Joe's, too. I am always looking for an excuse to go there.
4	So after a quick trip to Best Buy, we finally made it to Zoes for lunch today.  It was a-ok.  Didn't exactly knock my proverbial socks off, but it was good nevertheless.  It was nice to have a speedy healthy (or at the least, healthy-ER) option amongst the many fast food places in the area.  The atmosphere was nice & bubbly with bright colors everywhere and even childrens artwork on the walls along the booths.  I like the way the tables & booths are arranged in Zoes; provides a feeling of intimacy while still being open and airy.  That's rare (and welcomed) in an establishment like this.Service was friendly and quick.  The guy at the register somehow ran my order & gave me a receipt but didn't actually run my card - then had to track me down at our table & re-do it.  Things like that make me uncomfortable (so I'll be watching my bank acct online), but overall not a huge deal.  I went with the Lean Turkey Pita and grilled veggies as my side.  Gotta say it was yummy.  The pita had slaw in it, but it wasn't your typical "mayo" based slaw - was more "light & airy" and also had either feta or blue cheese crumbles in it.  The grilled veggies were good, too, but a tad heavy on the mushrooms (broccoli, red onion, carrots, and mushrooms).  Portion size of the veggies was kind of small, but for a reasonable lunch it wasn't bad.  Might be too small for dinner, though - but then again if you're doing the whole portion control thing, it's ok.Partner had the Club Pita w/grilled veg.  That was tasty & came with a bit more "stuff" than my samich did (grilled chick, ham, cheese, lett, tomato).  I had a bite of his and thought the chicken was well seasoned. He also tried out their Hibiscus tea; thought that was quite nice (but note, it isn't sweetened, so you may need whip out the Splenda!). We paid about $20 for those two plates, the tea and a chocolate milk (for me).  While there are better values to be had, it's about average for Midtown and the type of food since there aren't that many "good food fast" style eateries around.  We would certainly go back when in the area, but not necessarily make a beeline.   Although I do wanna go back so I can try their shrimp kabobs - those just sound too yummy!!!
3	We visited Zoes the other night for dinner for the first time.  I love the bright colors they use on the walls.  It's very modern and very welcoming.  It's not fancy, though, by any means, so don't bring your date here.  (You know who you are.)  You order at the counter and then are given a number for your table.  Someone then brings the food out for you.  They have a pretty good size menu, so to read and digest it all standing at the counter was a little difficult (and full of pressure!).  Unfortunately, nothing really jumped out at me as exciting.  I went with the Chicken Roll-Ups, which were tortillas filled with chicken and veggies that are heated up.  It was good, but nothing exceptional.  There were no particular flavors that stood out that would draw me back to that item. For a side, I went with their pasta salad.  Now that stood out.  It was pasta with like sundried tomatoes, feta cheese, and fresh basil.  It wasn't greasy at all and had a great combination of flavors.  Would we return to Zoes?  Sure, probably if we're in the area and want a quick bite to eat.  I'd probably try their kabobs (the menu says it's their "favorite"), a salad, or their pimento cheese sandwich (they sell huge take-home tubs of it, so it must be good!).
3	This is a good lunch spot for somehthing healthy and quick. The food is fresh and I really enjoy their slaw - no mayo here YEAH - I'm not a huge fan of the mayo.   I don't adventure out much here for me its always the protein plate - chicken, slaw, and onions.You can definitly tell its a chain but they keep the place clean and the service is great...if I'm in the area I'll stop by - but I won't drive outta my way to come.
2	I was forewarned by a friend that this seemingly cute panera-esque (appearance wise) restaurant was the lemon equivalent of a car. You are hyped up to drive this beauty and then suddenly you hear a noise- it should be a warning but you decide to push along anyway and then damn it gives out- and you are stuck on the side of the road.... that sums up my experience perfectly:Midway shopping at Trader Joes I put down the Guacamole Kit I was holding and decided I didnt want to cook- I wanted something that was already prepared...over to Zoes Kitchen I went. Appearance-wise this place is bright- kid friendly, casual and clean.The service was quick and friendly.The prices seemed fairly reasonable $7-10 Upon looking at their offerings I asked myself "what type of food is Zoes Kitchen?" They seemed to be struggling on whether to be a Greek, Italian or Mexican restaurant- I say do one but do it well. The lady at the counter recommended the chicken roll up's- served with -salsa??? I decided to give it a go- and also ordered the Pasta Salad side.The Pasta Salad was pretty good. I didnt get a vinaigrette flavor as Krishan mentioned  but I could taste the Basil and Feta. Overall I was pleased. The roll ups were just plain gross! They had a very mushy inside. It almost tasted like they put lettuce in there and it was all hot and soggy. I pulled out the chicken to at least try to salvage my dinner but it was hard and very dry.  I normally will just kind of finish a meal even if it's not my favorite- but this was not the case - it was inedible. Id like my $8 back ....I don't think I would give it another shot...
3	Grabbed Zoes on my way home last night, I was in and out with my order in 10 minutes!  I wanted to try the chicken orzo soup but I knew I needed more than that, so I got the steak stacker as well.  The soup was actually spicyish and not very heavy on chicken or orzo, when I got to the bottom I saw it was loaded w/black pepper.  The sandwich was good, but messy.  I have also had the vegetable wrap and the greek salad in the past and all was good.  Only thing I was never crazy about was the steak roll-up.  Overall a solid choice for healthier fast food.
4	I travel lots and try to keep expenses low, so I often frequent the Paneras, McCallister's and Jason's of the world.  Zoe's blows them all away.  Love at first bite!
3	So if Panera Bread woke up one morning and went all Mediterranean on you, you'd have the exact concept of Zoe's Kitchen: fast food with a distinctly healthy bent that tries to pick it up a notch, and has the price tag to match it.  It is a small chain based out of Alabama with about 50 locations throughout the South.There are a number of salads and sandwiches on the menu, along with a number of entrees for those who want more.  Secret tip #1, however, is in my experience you get just as much food with a sandwich as you do the full meal, so save a buck or 2 there.Yes, most sandwiches are wrapped in a pita and there is a hummus appetizer with pita chips you can also order (though I find it pricey for what you actually get).  Lots of skewed meats (shrimp, chicken, and even a beef) in a handful of different formats finish out the main dishes.  What shines here are the sides.  No french fries here!  I am partial to the marinated slaw- it has just the littlest kick with same tangy feta bits mixed in- original and yummy.  Roasted veggies are good too, so long as they don't come out too cold.  My dining companions also like the pasta salad.  Portions are small, even for a "side dish."I will also champion the grilled shrimp salad.  The greek dressing goes well with the skewers of shrimp that are grilled just right.  Nice and healthy with a distinctive Greek twist, Opa!Sadly, that's where the compliments end.  The roll up entrees are quite unappetizing looking and tend to not be flavorful.  They are typically not served piping hot either.  Also, this place is mainly self-seve though you do get you food brought out to the table.  Get your own refills- the at least tends to fit with the heart-healthy attitude here.Finally, no main dish here is under $7.  That's just over the edge for a lunch that is otherwise served fast-food style.  Perhaps that's the price you pay for healthier options?  I'll go there sometimes, but I'm not ready to sing its praises from the top of the Acropolis.
3	A pseudo-Greek cafeteria. Good variety on menu, but a tad pricey to my mind for lunch. Staff friendly, but sometimes a bit obsequious. If I was in the neighborhood, I'd go back...but not worth driving there on its own.
3	This is a really easy place to stop in for lunch.  However, I have never been completely satisfied with any of the dishes that I've had.  They are pretty run of the mill and sometimes a little bland.  I guess it's healthy, so that's a plus.  The place is clean and bright and the staff is very cheery.  The prices are pretty good.  Parking in the Best Buy/Trade Joe's parking lot can be tricky so if you're not fortunate enough to grab a spot directly outside of Zoe's, be prepared to drive up to the 2nd floor of the deck and take the elevator down.  It's much easier and less stressful than trying to park on the first floor.
3	Had the Greek Chicken Parmesan last week....meh.  It's a grilled chicken breast with hearty marinara, serve on a bed of orzo (???).  Would have been delicious if not for the overcooked orzo.  But, the greek side salad is really one of the best I've eaten. The lettuce (romaine and a little iceberg) was fresh, topped with
3	In one word if I had to describe Zoe's kitchen it would be "Fresh". Atmosphere is relaxing and calming. Food is ok, but bland needs a little bit of additional flavor. The vegetables roasted or otherwise taste fresh. This is definitely a healthier version of Panera with a Greek twist. The only complaint would be the space where you get your drinks. Not only do you have to get your drinks, but also your utensils, napkins and a lid and it makes it a difficult in a 10ft space while you are trying to hold a table number. God forbid there is someone behind you also trying to get their drink or a refill.  Should have had two drink stations put in like Starbucks or Caribou does with their condiment bars.
4	After dropping by Zoe's a few more times, I think it's completely fair to award them additional star. Why? Let me 'splain...1) Super fast, super fresh and delicious. This goes especially for their Turkey Stack - a grilled sandwich filled with turkey breast, mozzarella, feta spread, lettuce, tomato, sourdough and rosemary oil. Get yourself a Turkey Stack.2) The employees are really, really sweet. Forgot your fork? No worries, they'll snag one for you while you start on your sammich. 3) Nice outdoor seating. People watching can be enjoyable at the Met - trust me. 4) Their desserts magnanimous. I haven't indulged in one yet but the cookies and brownies look ah-mazing. Definitely on my short list for a tasty lunch when I'm zooming around the Met.
4	First off this is a fast food type place not a sit down restaurant. Kinda Boston Market type place. That said it's pretty good, pretty healthy and pretty quick. I had the chicken kabobs which come with a Greek salad, rice and pita bread. If you go in thinking fast food you'll be satisfied if you're expecting a nice sit down meal keep walking.
5	I had my reservations about a chain but I have to take that all back!  My sister suggested this place and at first I was bummed by some of the negative reviews on Yelp. Once inside it looked clean and the planters outside with fresh rosemary bushes were a mood lifter! I've been eating vegetarian for the last month or so and I was excited to have some options here. I ordered the hummus platter and a side of roasted veggies. The hummus was smooth and topped generously with olive oil and kalamata olives. The salad was fresh and the dressing on each table was similar to one I make at home. Baby girl ordered chicken noodle soup and it had chunks of real chicken and carrots. Not a condensed soup concoction; that was nice. We also got a side of fruit and it had fresh ripe fruit! Amazing right! There was sweet pineapple, cantaloupe, grapes and strawberries and it didn't have that weird funky taste that most fruit cups have to keep it from turning brown. The employees were friendly and helpful while ordering and I'm looking forward to going back! They have a check in offer on Yelp for % off your total.
4	Right around the corner from some great shops & a Trader Joes.  I stopped in here after browsing West Elm that was just across the street.  I grabbed the salad plate and added chicken.  Delish.  Pita/hummus appeared fresh & tasty.I wish I could have one of these in my neighborhood.  It was like Mediterranean Panera.
4	I've eaten at both the Blakeney location and this one and I've come to realize that Zoe, whomever he or she may be, likes one thing to be predominant in their kitchen.  Fresh ingredients!  I love the fact that you can get very health conscious meals here.  That's important to me and to many others I would imagine.  Whether a lunch time meal or dinner you can always get a good hearty meal without overdoing it with calories or fat content here.  Also something I love here that I wish other places would be forced to do is that their menu includes nutritional information so that you can make a educated decision on what to eat based on your specific dietary requirements.  So many times I want to try a new place (or old) and go to look up their menu online, only to find it void of any nutritional information.  That stinks.Zoes Kitchen's interior is light and colorful which is also very pleasant and appealing to me.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	How did I live without you for so long Zoe my love?  I can't decide what my favorite dish is here and that is a good sign!  Right near some of my favorite shopping too!  The chicken salad is good (ask for feta on it tho trust me) and the shrimp salad and turkey reuben is TO DIE FOR!!!  I am still daydreaming about the pimento cheese....yum.....  They run fun promos from time to time like free Zoes cups (bring them back in and the drinks are just 99 cents!)  The decor is a little IKEA meets McDonalds but you can stomach it for lunch trust me!  :-D
4	Why oh why did I always pass you by???   Of course, now that I have tried your delicious fresh food - I want to stop everytime I am in the neighborhood!!  I even make excuses to BE in the neighborhood.The chicken salad is one of my favorites - full of flavor and not so much mayo.  The hummus & pita are a great filler on those days I don't know what I want for lunch.  And the greek salad is simply the best - definitely ask for those onions on the side though if you are going back to work.It's nice to have such fresh food and so close to uptown.  We often order from the office and pick up for our lunch.  Never had a bad experience or wrong order.Keep up the good work!
4	It's a shame the Metropolitan location is so far away from where I'm located, I'd be here a lot more often. It's easily my favorite one in Charlotte. The decor is modern and clean. I think the theme here is healthy fresh fast food, and it's quite delicious too!There are plenty of options for everyone. My favorites go to are the kabobs and wraps. I'm not much of a fan of hummus usually but theirs is not spiced too much and manages to get me to like it!The service is really pleasant, fast, and informative. Did you know for example that they make their chocolate cake fresh each day and gets tasted to make sure it's delicious? Neither did I until I asked one of the employees about their cake! This is a great spot for a quick lunch, if you're near the area try it out!
4	Zoe's reminds me of Noodles and Company, amped up, grown up, and more consistent. Ultra fresh (you'll never find slimy, wilted salad leaves here, or dried up looking lemons) and friendly, this is one of my favorite quick eateries. After my first time here, I obsessed over it so much I had to go the next day. No joke. My favorite dish here is the shrimp or chicken kabob plate. Not only is the protein super tender and seasoned well, it goes well with the rice, the accompanying salad has big hunks of salty tangy feta. Their big honkin brownies/chocolate cake pieces finish out my meal. Some people would accuse this confection of being too dry, or lacking more frosting. Sometimes a big super moist decadent cake isn't what you need. The take home tubs of pasta salad or hummus are delicious too, and a nice alternative to packaged grocery store hummus. The only thing that could earn my fifth star is how the restaurant handles busy weekends. Tables sometimes aren't cleared and it's not very appealing to see half-eaten wraps and crumpled napkins strewn about. PS. Another plus for me...the large plastic water and drink glasses and lemons. I can't stand tiny little glasses that require frequent filling up.
2	Went to this spot this past Sunday, nothing to get excited about it.  It's totally overpriced "greek" food.  There isn't much of a selection on the menu, just a few sandwiches and some kebob platters.  The chicken kebobs are just ok, the rice pilaf tastes like crap out of a box.  I paid $12 for chicken kebob entree and a vitamin water, I could've gone to  Greek Isles nearby and had better food for less. If this is supposed to be fast food, it should cost a lot less than $12 for a meal with a drink.
4	Zoe's Kitchen is great!  I frequented the Midtown location 2-3 times a week when I worked in the area.  Anne, the manager, runs this location well.  The food is always fresh.  You can eat something different every time you visit.  My fav is the Grueben.  Quite yummy!  This is a great place for a healthy and fast alternative to fast food.
3	kind of a weird cafeteria system. But the good is good and healthy.
4	What a nice location for such reasonably priced food.  As much as I love meat, I was melting in glee from the wonderful pimento sandwich (try it grilled).  I also got the tomato bisque soup which was a little too salty for my liking (but who cares if the entire meal cost $5, right?!).  There was a 10% off coupon for checking in.  I don't know how long this offer is applicable, but don't forget to check in!
3	I first gave this place a try since it is so close to where I work.  It seemed like a nice little place to try out, especially for lunch.  The atmosphere is nice with a colorful interior.  It also has outside seating, which is great during warm weather.Although I'm very pleased with the style of the place, I am not a big fan of the food.  I have tried this place a few times and the different things I have gotten are not something I would try again.  I have heard from a few friends that this place is really good.  I believe everyone should still try it out though in case there was a certain pa-zazz that I'm missing from this place.
2	Service was slow. Food was not good, seemed old and reheated. We love the one in Birkdale but this one was a disappointment.
5	I recently stopped into Zoes after passing it for well over a year during my trips to Trader Joes!  Zoes atmosphere is laid back, crisp, and bright.  It is a corner shop with big windows that beam in sunshine. The menu is full of different healthy options that include numerous vegetarian friendly choices.  Similar to Panera, you can also do a "pick two" option where you can sample smaller sizes of various sandwiches, soups and salad.  As other Yelpers have alluded to, the Greek salads are amazing.  In fact, I am so hooked that I purchased a bottle of their homemade dressing (just $3.99).  The staff are very friendly and are happy to answer any questions you have.  After placing your order, they will hand you a stand with a number on it.  Just take a seat and your food will be delivered shortly!  The beverages are self-serve and my favorite part - unlimited!  Some of my favorite choices are:Shrimp Kebabs - seasoned perfectly with just enough kick.  The rice pilaf served with this entree is cooked to perfection and to top it off the platter is completed with a small Greek salad.Hummus and Pita - the hummus is made from scratch and the pitas are warm.  Need I say more?Chocolate Chip Cookie - I can honestly say that this is *the best* chocolate chip cookie I have ever tried.  It is crispy on the outside but chewy and gooey on the inside and packed with large chocolate chunks/chips (yes, both).  Greek Salad - served with red onion, olives, cucumber, tomatoes and delicious feta!  The Greek dressing is already on the table so load it up!  Zoes also sells its famous chicken salad.  As a new pescatarian, I have not tried it, but as a former carnivore, I can say it looks damn good!
1	Seems to be consistent with all the Zoes locations but the Metro is the worst... YOU MUST be rude and a professional eye roller and have ZERO customer service skills. All I asked for was a substitution and they acted like I had asked for a huge favor. Pretty sure all you have to do is push a button. Then I was charged $2.50 extra. Love the food but have no plans in returning after several encounters of rude behavior. I was a regular (3 x's a week and had been ordering the same thing with out being charged but ALWAYS got the attitude). No longer will I be going there!!!
4	Tasty, quick, clean and the white beans are so good I buy them by the quart load.Great place for a quicky before Trader Joes ( so I don't buy the whole store) ... get the Chicken Kebobs ... and there is often parking right outside so you don't have to do the round and round by TJ's
2	I went to the Zoe's in Raleigh and it was fabulous! Pretty fast, just a lovely experience. However, my sister and I have gotten takeout on several occasions from this Zoe's and the service has been TERRIBLE. We've ordered in advance, told it will take 15 mins or so, show up and are told it will take a different amount of time. All in all, the last time we ordered takeout, my sister ended up waiting an hour total, at least 40 mins of which was spent in the restaurant. WHAT! I just dont understand that type of service for lunch takeout! What is the delay? The DNC isn't here yet, we called ahead, she took her time to drive there and she still spent MORE THAN HER LUNCH BREAK waiting on the food to be prepared! So disappointing.This treatment is unacceptable. It is not my fault I was told one thing, showed up and then told another thing (wait longer). They could have told me from the beginning, "this will take 1 hour to prepare," and I would have shown up an hour later. COME ON!!!NOT ONLY THIS! She called to speak to the manager and some girl lied to her saying she was the manager on the phone when she knows from being in the restaurant the manager is a guy (the same girl told her so). The fake girl manager hung up on her when she asked to speak to the real manager. (Um?) Terrible terrible service. Whatever happened to the customer is always right? When we finally got our food, it was cold. :-( SMH.
3	UPDATE: my sister received a call from the GM and he was very very nice and apologetic. He wants to do everything he can to make the situation better and we certainly appreciate that.
5	I'm a regular customer -- Love love love this place.. the food is a perfect blend of fast food, that is great for health minded folks.  It is made fresh to order..
4	I have driven by this place many times but since I am trying to eat more healthfully and my daughter wanted to take me to lunch for a late Father's day present I picked Zoe's Kitchen. Tastefully decorated and rather hip, it suits the Metropolitan area nicely. The staff was very nice and extremely perky. They answered every question with a smile and explained that all the food was made fresh "in-house" daily. I had the hummus platter with pita bread and a Greek salad. It was great. the hummus was as good as mine and the pita was perfect. I appreciated that the salad was made of very fresh mixed greens and not just some chopped iceberg lettuce. My daughter got a turkey sandwich and said it was great. We will both be back.
4	For this being a fast-foodsy place, it is one of the best options despite it being a bit on the pricey side. However, they have a buy two for $6 deal with great options. It's my to-go place for those nights when you don't want to cook but you want to make a health-conscious decision. In fact, it's featured on healthydiningfinder.com where you can find a list of their healthiest meals. Also, they have some tasty options if you are feeling like splurging or simply are not that concerned about calories. My boyfriend always gets the steak roll-ups - they are delicious!A couple of tips about this place: You can get a free mug if you sign up for their emails.  Also, free wifi (after 2pm)! Not sure how it's monitored because it's a recent discovery of mine. Wish it were an all-day thing, but I am excited to have found another place where to get some work done. On the downside: parking. It's located at the metropolitan shopping center and it gets crowded around dinner rush. Overall, a nice place for a quick, healthy bite!
4	I was recently provided with a coupon to sample the menu at Zoes Kitchen. This fast casual concept delivers with fresh, tasty food in an upbeat pleasant setting. The patio at the Metropolitan location was particularly lovely last week when we had a bit of cool weather. You go inside and order and pay at the counter, then a runner brings your meal to the table.The menu focuses on Greek cuisine, with lots of fresh salads, sandwiches and signature "roll-ups". I tried the tossed Greek salad, which was delicious with the right combination of chicken, olives, red onion, cucumber, feta and caramelized onions. I appreciated that the salad was not drenched in dressing - you can add more of the Greek dressing if you like since it sits on every table. Zoes also offers online ordering and you can pick up a grab and go meal for 4. With offerings like kabobs, Greek chicken and the roll-ups, this sounds like a great idea for those times you just don't feel like cooking or going out. Zoes makes its own limeade, which I sampled and enjoyed as well as desserts which I will have to try next time. I look forward to returning here again to try more of the menu!
5	Love Zoe's Kitchen... everything is always fresh and so tasty. I am addicted to their chicken salad as well as hummus. I will say they are pricey.. I sometimes have to debate what to order because of the cost. I like the interior and its a good spot to sit, relax and chat a bit. Its also a great location with Target, Marshalls and Trader Joes in walking distance.
5	Great food. Love the hummus.
3	Zoe's, I so like you. I mean, I do. But I don't think this is going to be a forever kind of thing. And it's not that's I'm not a forever kind of girl, or that you're not good, because you are... it's just....Yep, that's basically how I feel about Zoe's. I want to love it and do like some of it, but it falls short of love on every level.The Greek dressing on the tables here saves EVERYTHING you may not like/love on your plate (braised white beans, I'm talking to you! You're gross! Pull it together, man!) and enhances the things that really shine at Zoe's like their Greek salad.The ordering is easy, food turnaround time is quick and the indoor/outdoor seating is ample and pretty comfortable but the food and lack of variety is what Zoe's leaving me 3 staring them instead of 4. I understand you're Mediterranean place but give me something more than 2 pizza on the menu - can I get some pastas? Maybe some more veggie options (and none of that Spinach roll up junk - it was the size of a taquito and for $8 I was a little bitter)?All I'm saying is that I like you but I don't love you and in this city full of amazing culinary fishes, I don't think I'll be B-lining to return anytime soon.
2	Chicken kabobs were tasty, however the spinach wraps clearly tasted of freezer funk, so I ordered the orzo soup and hummus instead. The hummus was great but my soup had about three grains of orzo in it!! Won't be coming back.
3	While it's not quite the meal we were expecting, it ain't half-bad, either. The prices are, perhaps, a bit  higher than I might anticipate for the atmosphere (the fast-casual was a surprise, as from the patio seats we'd often seen outside, I somehow was expecting some basic table service), but given the variety and types of ingredients they use, I can understand ponying up a couple more dollars than you might otherwise throw down for a 'typical' fast food experience.The food was good, fresh, fast. Husband was surprised to see a side salad delivered before his pita pizza (both of which he enjoyed). My greek salad with grilled chicken was plentiful and fresh, with lots of crunchy vegetables, briny feta and olives, and still-warm chicken on top. The potato salad (vinegar-style, not mayonnaise-based) at the bottom of the dish was a somewhat odd addition - not wholly unwelcome, but not something I'm used to in my salad. I found the lemony vinaigrette to be a better salad dressing choice than the bottles of Greek Oil/Vinegar mix that sit on all of the tables, though Husband used the bottled stuff for his salad, and also liked dipping his leftover pita into it.We liked our meal well enough, and if we were caught on a major shopping expedition in the area might stop by again for a quick meal - but general we prefer something a little more sit-downy, with an ambiance that entices us to linger a little longer.
4	Today was my first visit to Zoes and I enjoyed it! They definitely get 4 stars for the category they fall under (quick bites, cafes, affordable eats, etc).  They have a good variety and everything seemed to be relatively fresh!I tried the chicken roll-up and I really really liked it.  The chicken was tender, had good flavor and it was the perfect lunch portion.  The hummus was also very good and fresh.  The pita bread was not anything special but I can let that slide.The service was friendly and fast, the price was right.  I'll be back!!
3	I stopped in the other day and grabbed a half a pint of their chicken salad to go figuring I could make a couple sandwiches at home. I honestly was not that impressed. I am not one for a ton of mayo but theirs was kind of dry.Service was great and it wasn't very busy. I have ordered here for catering and love their Kabobs. I think I'll stay away from the chicken salad in the future.
2	Mediterranean? Are you for real? What is Mediterranean about this place? After shopping at Target one day I was hungry and did not want Target food, so I came here. I was excited to try it out because I've seen this place here for a while. It even has a nice outdoor seating area which I was excited about! I ordered a sandwich and a soup my friend ordered a sandwich and a salad. None of our food was up to par. So sad, I think I would have had much better food had I walked across to street to eat at the Wendy's. Their food has no flavor, it is a fast food restaurant aimed to look like a restaurant. This place reminds me of ordering something from Noodle and Company...Don't expect anything authentic or at all a Mediterranean experience. I don't think I'd come back even if I was really hungry, I'd rather go somewhere else since there are plenty of options nearby.
3	Not sure why we keep coming back. The kabob platter is good and consistent, but overall flavors are just-OK. I've had this catered for lunch, which is very good. Not really mediterranean food.
4	For a fast food place this is great! I ordered the tossed salad and my husband ordered the Greek salad with grilled chicken. The daily made dressing was yummy and would def come back here!
4	I split the salad and a pimento cheese sandwich with the mrs and they were both fantastic. The outside seating was plentiful and the food came out quickly, once ordered. I will go back.
4	This is a great lunch / dinner spot if you're looking for a fast healthy meal.  The chicken kabobs an chicken roll ups are phenominal
3	This location serves us rather well. Never anything too complex or difficult to work with on a any front. The service is friendly and fast, the food is always consistent, and they have great outdoor seating. My favorite things to get here are the steak rollups, braised white beans, and the hummus/pita plate. I don't normally order anything with steak in the name, but the addition of mushrooms in these bad boys make it a nice entree. Paired with the rosemary braised white beans make for a nice meal. Also, the hummus and pita plate is a great app or even a meal. Biggest gripe about this location, and the age-old tale of The Met, is the parking situation. Forget about the adjacent garage for their side of the shopping center. Either look for an open space on the street or just park across the street in the Target garage. Much easier. Zoe's is A-OK in my book. Even with their crazy "o" in their name that my computer can't seem to locate. Cheers!
2	Lousy serviceSo I ordered for a group lunch and they do not deliver unless you have 24 hours notice - however someone else in same office had it delivered and placed order less than 1 hour prior. The only reason I ordered from them was because the coworker had done so and had it delivered. Other places deliver. But they already had my credit card. Was told by manager that they use an outside service and they have to give them 25 hours notice.  Well I am sitting across from someone that did not need that. Whatever. I go to pick up the items and drive across town to do so. I get there and pick up and go back to office. I get there only to find that they have failed to provide the soup for one of the orders. I called to have price corrected. Then as I sit there - one other order was a salad with chicken on it and special instruction to remove pasta - no-chicken left the pasta on.  I didn't even bother to call at this point.I go to our Charlotte office pretty regularly we are a large company in the area. But we will not be ordering from here. As far as food is concerned is wasn't bad food. The chicken pita fell apart but was tasty - the salads were good The service was lousy
4	I love taking clients to Zoe's Kitchen for lunch. The food is amazing, the menu has many options, and the area is very modernized.  My biggest compliment is how clean the restaurant is. I usually go there around 1-2pm and the restaurant is not slammed, but there are a lot of opened tables with left over food, plates, trash, and drink spills on most of the tables and floor. My clients and I stood there for a moment by the dirty drink machines to figure out where to sit. They do have a patio, but the humidity was to high to sit outside. We told the lady at the front and she just shook her head in a yes movement. She  just kept doing what she was doing behind the counter. We finally sat at a dirty table and placed napkins down. The lady never came around to clean any of the tables, but a gentlemen came and started sweeping the floor. I gave 4 stars becuase the food is healthy and i never feel full once i leave. A little worried about how clean the back of the house is if the front doesn't even have a good matience team. My suggestion- clean the front of the house and acknowledge your customers.
4	If you're looking for a healthy and refreshing meal during a hot summer day, look no further than Zoes Kitchen.  While so many of their menu items sounded delicious, I opted for the Greek Salad with the citrus balsamic vinaigrette.  The veggies were fresh and crispy, the feta tangy, and a small scoop of potato salad on the bottom for a twist on the traditional salad.  I scoped out the plates on other tables and based on appearances alone would highly recommend the kabob platters and hummus salad.
4	I'm a big fan of Zoe's kitchen. In fact, I was here earlier today. My first Zoe's kitchen experience was in Virginia. I ordered a sandwich, soup and a drink. To be honest, I wasn't blow away by it. This was a few years back.Anyways, moving to Charlotte I decided to give it another go since I was aiming to eat healthier. I ordered the chicken kabobs and they were outstanding. Then I went back and ordered the steak kabobs and they too were outstanding. Good size portions with salad, rice, and flatbread. Delicious. The service is fast and super friendly. There isn't a long wait for your food to come out and it's always solid. I can't remember going to Zoe's and thinking that it was ever different. Prices are reasonable and the dining area seems pretty spacious. They even have outdoor seating. There are a lot of intriguing menu items that I have yet to try, but don't worry I'll be back. And if I don't end up getting some variety of the kabobs I'll try something else. A+
3	I called in a to go order. The guy that answered was very short and acted like he had somewhere better to be. He was extremely rude. When I picked up the order I asked for it to be repeated because he seemed distracted when I got my order. He was acting smart and repeating 5 different meals back to me. I found out his name is Jeremy. A manager needs to teach this person some manners.
5	I love Zoe's Kitchen! I have had dinner here several times and ordered catering as well. I have always had a great experience. The food is always delicious and hot! I love the grilled chicken dinner with the veggies. I also like the chicken kabobs and the pita bread is awesome. The service is always pretty good. I will definitely be back!
5	We always receive great service here and really good food.  It's healthy if you leave off the chocolate chip cookie -- but who wants to do that?  The chicken and shrimp kabobs are my favorite.  The soups are refreshingly healthy.  Be sure to download the Zoe's app and get free food every time you go!
4	I haven't been to Zoe's Kitchen a lot, but out of the times I have been, the food, service, and atmosphere has been great!I am a BIG creature of habit and when I find one item I'm a fan of, I will order it over and over again. With that being said, The Tossed Greek Salad is my favorite item to order there. From the grilled chicken, to the carmelized onions, the feta cheese, the pasta, olives, cucumbers, the pita bread and you can't forget the infamous Zoe's dressing, it makes for a great salad! I have also had Zoe's steak and chicken roll-ups, steak and chicken kabobs, fruit and the hummus and they all were amazing!I highly recommend this Zoe's (all Zoe's for that matter) to any and everyone who wants some yummy food served with a side of great service.
4	A great healthy choice for people on the go. This location is ideal and parking garage makes it easy access. It is pretty crowded around lunch but food goes out pretty quickly.  Food is pretty good, but I can only speak for the few things I have had.  Chicken salad is a must have.  They sell by the pint, so you can take some home as well!  The steak roll ups is my go to anytime I'm in the area.  They have carmalized onions and mushrooms as well as some cheese thrown up in it!  Overall a really good, quick food stop.  They also sell wine and beer, so you can go sit on the patio on a nice day and enjoy the views!
5	This gonna be my next favorite spot beside Panera Bread.  So much different variety of food and it's healthy stuff.  It's a Mediterranean food. They have different type of pita, wraps, and salad. For the meat eater there are different type of Kabob. Great place for lunch in the uptown area and always crowded.
3	Zoe's was okay! Definitely a fast food atmosphere. The food was pretty good but not the Greek I was expecting.
5	My very first yelp review and it goes to Zoes Kitchen. It was also my first time eating at this restaurant and the food was excellent. I had the steak stack sandwich with roasted veggies on the side and my boyfriend had the steak roll ups with rice pilaf on the side. Everything was seasoned perfectly! The atmosphere was nice and clean. The only reason I didn't sit at one of the outdoor tables is because it was cloudy and windy. We'll definitely be going back.
3	After craving a Greek Salad, I decided to hit up Zoe's Kitchen, since I hadn't been in over a year. I arrived around 12 on Sunday and although the line was long it moved smoothly. As most of my reviews/check ins reflect, I love pizza, so I decided today to try the chicken pita pizza with a side Greek salad. The pizza was ok, but unfortunately the sauce reminded me of jarred pizza sauce. And, something I don't think they did years ago, they delivered the salad undressed. I questioned the server and there are bottles on the table of the dresser. Ugh, not chilled, not fresh, just blah. I wish it was served with your order, allowing you to know it us fresh and not touched/drizzled all over. Overall, decent, but not sure it would be somewhere I would return on a regular basis.
2	Ok MAYBE I came in on an "off" day but I had the most irritating experience. I work in the service/restaurant industry so maybe I notice more than most. I walked in and I would say a good..10 tables needed bussed inside, I decided to sit outside and literally every table had old plates and cups on them, I had to bus my own-that should never happen, especially considering they weren't busy? At all. I got our food I got the Greek chicken pita- it was so greasy it fell apart during the first bite and wasn't even salvageable lol I just got a fork and ate it that way.... It was enough for me to opt out of Zoe's in the future.
3	Awesome service. Great location. Very laid back atmosphere packed with value and healthy food. This time I tried the lean turkey pita and it was fair (still way better than Which Which. I'd stick with the Greek Pita next time. However,  the hummus and lemonade was very good. Good luck finding a better fast foos style restaurant with better quality, healthy choices and this value.
5	Fresh food....This was my first time at Zoe's Kitchen. I had no idea the food would be so good. I ordered a chicken pita and salad, everything looked so good. I highly recommend this place.
5	Wow! Awesome Food Alert! Steak quesadillas and outdoor seating equals the perfect combo. Great, healthy, quick service. Hip location around a handful of other fun places to go to. Great cookies and salads too. I will definitely be going back.
4	I had a chicken pita with a potato salad here and it was delicious! One of the best pitas I've had. I did feel it was a little pricy for a pita which is why I only gave it 4 stars. It was also very healthy... Wasn't smothered in ranch or taziki sauce like many other places.
2	I recently went here for lunch and immediately saw that the prices were high.  The food was okay and the service was fine.  Small portions.  Food was fair and will return.
4	We visited on a Sunday afternoon. The atmosphere was great and the weather was perfect so we ate outside! I had the Chicken & Slaw Pita with white beans as a side. The beans were nice and hot.  They were firm but soft and had good flavors. The pita was stuffed to overflow! The chicken was cool, seasoned to perfection and it had great big hearty pieces inside. The slaw was crisp and crunchy and had a good bite.  To wash it down I had Hibiscus Green Tea on ice! Oh yeah!
4	I don't really get why there is potato salad in the bottom of the Greek Salad, but I like it.Zoes Kitchen is a relatively quick, healthy meal option in the Metropolitan/Midtown area. It will probably take you longer to find a place to park than it does to get your food. Again, my rule of thumb for this parking deck is bypass the first floor and drive up to higher level. Not worth the hassle or frustration. This deck and 485 = #alloftheroadrage in Charlotte. Also, keep an eye on the front for street spots. (I can never park there... I don't parallel park)My good friend Paul is apparently the "Norm" of this location. He comes here so often that all the workers know him by name. It's like having lunch with a celebrity.I can't seem to stray away from the Greek Salad. I always add chicken and drown it in the dressing. It's healthier than ranch or blue cheese... I can be excessive, right? I can usually split the salad in half and make two meals out of it. I love that they have a hibiscus green tea drink option. Although, they also have Mr. Pibb and I love the laid back, less ambitious sibling of Dr. Pepper.Zoes is probably more like a 3.5. I still feel like it's a little pricey for what it is, but the workers and service at this location are great. They also have a nice outside dining area. So, I'll round up to a 4.
4	My husband kept telling me about this great place with healthy food where he would eat when I am not around to cook for him.  Today, he took me there.  We parked in the notorious Met parking deck, and, after shopping at Marshall's and Best Buy, we strolled over to Zoe's.  The first thing that I noticed was a lovely outdoor dining patio.  The inside features cheery colors and three large pieces of art with words pertaining to Charlotte attractions.We both ordered the vegetable kabobs.  My husband requested a side of humus instead of Greek salad.  My meal came with the Greek salad plus these incredibly yummy braised white beans.  I wonder what they put in those.  I hate to admit it , but they are a little tastier than the ones I make.  The kabobs needed a little salt, but were delicious as well.  A generous portion with too much food for this little lady to eat in one sitting.We took our food back home to enjoy on our own sunny patio.  Had we dined in, we may have had a wine or beer.  Nice that they offer those drink options.I put Zoe's number in my phone.  Good to have just in case that I am too busy to cook us a healthy meal.
2	Stopped in here looking for something different for lunch.  The atmosphere is good but I'm quite disappointed with the sandwich. I ordered 1/2 tomato basil soup and 1/2 tuna sandwich.   The soup is a generous portion and the sandwich looked good.  When I tried to find the tuna I was shocked.   Barely any tuna on my sandwich.   I tried to spread it around so I could eat something besides lettuce and bread but there just want enough to spread across 1/2 a piece of bread. After spreading it as much as I could, I tried a bite.   As you could imagine, with that little of tuna, my sandwich tasted like bread and lettuce.   Not what I wanted to spend $10 on for lunch Quite disappointed. Go to Which Wich instead.
1	Mmmm. Place really reminds me of a Noodles and Company. Not a big fan but I can understand why some  enjoy this food. Overall, just left the place feeling a bit bland, unoriginal, and blah.The hummus had a liquid consistency and pita was dry. Just not my thing.
