2	Vegas is packed with great places to eat, many of which are also expensive.  This place is proof that the latter doesn't always correlate with the former.  The menu is pricey and pretentious and the food did not live up to it.  The foie gras was overwhelmed by the "salsa" served with it.  The $60 Kobe steak was not cooked rare, as ordered, and was surprisingly dry and generally blah.  The dessert menu was a disappointment from top to bottom; world's best tapioca my ass.  About the only good thing I would point out was the wine list: comprehensive and, compared with the menu, not terribly expensive.
5	OK so I've eaten at this place twice now over several months.  I have yet to not have the most AMAZING experience here.  The food is top notch, I mean it just doesn't get any better than this place.  The place looks incredible too - real granite rock tables, and I mean chunks of granite, the walls pour water falls, just a definate 5 star joint.
4	4 stars just for how this places looks.  4 stars for the prime rib.  4 stars for the proximity to my hotel room.  uhh.. their bad on the cheesy minipotatoes.  tasted like fart.  expensive, like all other places in bellagio.  pretty good though.  very nice servers.
3	Sensi is a pretty good restaurant billed as a "fusion" of Japanese and Italian food, but the menu included foods such as curries and naan.  All in all the food was pretty good.  In the "pretty good" category falls the Tuna 3 Ways, Miso Glazed Seabass, Curries, Croquettes, and the American Kobe Steak carpaccio.  The restaurant itself was very nice with a modern use of glass and faux waterfalls.  There's also a huge open kitchen smack dab in the middle of the restaurant for you to check out all of the action.
5	This place is beautiful.  The glass walls, the wine storage, the open kitchen, the waterfalls., just to mention a few.  We had lunch here, and I ordered the sashimi plate + 3 oysters.  Wow.  The presentation was amazing.  The food, delicious.  My coworkers ordered their special bento box and they said that while everything Japanese was yummy, the ravioli was just so-so.  We also had a vegetarian coworker with us, and he ordered the phad thai and that looked good too.  Different types of noodle than what I am used to with phad thai but it still looked yummy.You can't forget the naan that came as bread either.  Super good.  Not to mention the home made ginger ale.  YUMMY!And then there was dessert.  Again, amazing presentation and super tasty.  The 32 degree sorbet came in an ice igloo.  They'd probably only get 4 stars if I had to pay for it myself.  Definitely pricy (but you ARE in Vegas), but I can't wait to go back again.
5	It's too bad that I've taken so long in getting around to writing a review of Sensi, so unless you trust my long-term memory, I'd suggest ignoring most of this review and just going with the recommendation to eat here. I mean, even if you only spend one night in Vegas, this is where you should have dinner. And I should know: I went to two restaurants when I was there, and this one was better.In all seriousness, though, Sensi was my first (yes, of two) introduction to the fancy restaurant scene in Vegas. I'd heard a lot about various famous chefs opening new restaurants here, but I figured rather than Nobu Next Door these places would be more like Nobu Up The Block And Around The Corner And Then Take Your Third Left After The Light. In short, I expected mediocre food at exorbitant prices. At Sensi, neither was the case. First of all, I for the most part do not care about decor. As long as I'm not knocking knees with another diner, I feel fine with a chair at a table. But this place is so cool. It's very modern and sleek but in a warm way, which is to say you don't get the feeling that your very presence might be ruining the otherwise super cool atmosphere. There's a lot of smooth gray rock all over the place, and water falling down it. It's clean and pleasant. And the food is delicious. We had a tuna three ways to start--raw, raw, raw--and it was unique and very tasty. I say "unique" because I have several times ordered tuna only to remember, Oh, right, I've had this a million times before. This one tasted like someone actually put some effort into it. We also had a calamari dish, not deep-fried but the sauteed kind, which is much more interesting to me, which came with this amazing lightly breaded cooked tomato. The combination of flavors was lovely and impressive in that it seemed creative but was not at all overpowering. Sensi is some kind of fusion between Indian and Japanese and maybe a few other things. Typically the idea of fusion drives me nuts; when I have a PB&J sandwich for dinner with a side of leftover pad thai, I don't go around saying I just made myself a Thai-American fusion meal. But I think they do a pretty good job at Sensi of making everything well enough so that they earn the right to serve different kinds of foods. I guess we started with Japanese? Anyway, for entrees we chose two different kinds of curry, a red shrimp curry and a chicken tikka masala. The latter was sub-standard, by which I mean that it didn't taste as good as chicken tikka masala at my local Indian favorite. But the shrimp was great--and I don't even like shrimp that much! It was high quality (i.e. it actually tasted like something) and it came in this awesome little coconut bowl (real, I think), and the rice was delicious and we got naan bread that was, as good naan bread is, out of this world.I don't remember the desserts as being that great, but I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to desserts. If it's too sweet I don't like it, if there's orange flavor I don't like it, if there's chocolate mixed with cherry I don't like it. Probably it's a good idea to skip dessert and just buy some Mrs. Fields cookies on your way back to the slot machines.
4	Gorgeous architecture, beautiful woods, water features.Service was excellent. Asian fusion cuisine was excellent and creative. Wine list extensive.  A must if you are in the Bellagio area.
4	We all know that when someone says "Thanks for your patience," what they really mean is "I know we really lagged, and we're glad you didn't yap about it too much."  I think we were thanked for our patience four times in our dining experience at Sensi: first when we had to wait half an hour to be seated (despite our reservations), second and third involved when the food was slowly making it's way to our table, and fourth as we practically sprinted out to make our show.  And as someone else mentioned, it's an odd location within the Bellagio for such a sleek and sassy restaurant, so it took us a while to even find it. Maybe it's because I'm just so darn patient, but despite its shortcomings I really liked this place anyway.  The menu is one of the more unique I've seen, with creative Asian dishes living alongside Tandoori grill items and traditional fish.  Resisting eating my weight in bread topped with some sort of herby creamed cheese, we started with the lobster/ crab rolls, which came out on a fancy block of ice.  I had the scallop/ halibut as my main dish, and while I'm not quite sure what everything on my plate was (pea puree?  raviolis filled with something tasty?  cauliflower??), it was absolutely delicious.  My mama had the Tandoori mixed grill, which came with possibly the most amazing naan bread I've ever had, overflowing with sauteed red onions and topped with chili flakes.  Papa had some sort of steak, an option which literally provided him with a giant chunk of red meat and nothing else.  As I don't eat meat, I wasn't impressed, but he seemed to dig it.  We also ordered the carmelized onion mashed potatoes (a little salty but delish) and the broccoli rabe (a little mushy for my taste), so luckily we were stuffed enough to not care that we didn't have time for dessert.
4	My favorite part of this place and my visit there wasn't the food, although it was good, it was punking Patrick Ewing.  You see, we had the Chef's table, next to the kitchen, in this somewhat secluded space for our dinner which we weren't rushing through.  Midway through our meal, P.Ewing himself comes strolling through the restaurant with his entourage, sees that our table is occupied, loses his smile and sulks over to another table that clearly is not as roomy for the big guy.  Sorry Pat.  But when you're celebrating the father-in-law's Bday and one of the guests is the Attorney General of NV, hoops players get the shaft.The place was on the dark side with lots of earthy materials, rocks, stone sides, etc.  Even the plates and silverware had caveman-esqe flair to them.  The food was good with my wife and I sharing her scallop dish and my rib-eye.  Come to think of it, I think half of our table got the rib-eye so it was pretty popular.  This place has a strange menu with a few things from different types of cuisines.  Some American, some Asian, and I think some Indian too.  Like I said, I don't remember the meal as well as I remember Ewing's face.
5	Sensi goes in my gourmet 5 star list, fo' sho'The night started out all wrong...   We were staying on East Harmond near the newly remodeled Planet Hollywood.   The plan was to drive to the Mirage, grab a parking spot and go see a show there, and then drive to the Bellagio for dinner.  We had reservations at 9:30 PM.   No problemo, right?Well, driving in Las Vegas is hella stressful, and even more stressful for my stepfather, who drives rather seldom....   Basically this whole drive (or ride, in my case)  was somewhat akin to playing Russian roulette with a dirty ol' Russian gun that misfires one out of every three shots.   Best bet, you may not permanently blow your head off but you'll blow a hole through your head large enough that you'lll retain more than a slight speech impediment....   Yeah, just lovely....Anyway, so we eventually made it to Sensi at 9:40, some 10 minutes after our reservations.   They couldn't seat us then & there, but they said it'd be about 20-30 minutes..... Fine, I thought, I'll order a stiff martini to calm the nerves after this brutal drive we just had... and we'll eventually be seated.  The bartender was slow and full of attitude, preferring to stare at the cute playboy bunnies who were looking at him lovingly instead of making my fucking martini.   Can't say I blame him, other than the fact that I wanted some liquid medicine... AND FAST!!!We were eventually seated some 30 minutes later... We ordered 3 oyster shooters for appetizer and, as main course:  1 Roasted Salmon, 1 New York Steak, 1 Day Boat Scallop, and 1 Lamb Chop...   We ordered 2 side dishes alongside that:  mashed potatoes and deep fried asparagus.As far as drinking was concerned, I wanted to order a nice bottle without freaking everybody out, so I ordered wine # 14437, which, as it turns out, was the Brunello Altesino and it was ripe to perfection... An absolutely perfect wine pairing.Food was way good, portions were generous, and the wine definitely complemented the food very well.   I ate the lamb chop and really enjoyed it.  The meat was so tender and fell right off the bone.   I tasted my wife's scallops and man-oh-man were they awesome too!  Served with a puree of English peas, it was a delightful dish.   My stepfather seemed to enjoy his steak, and my mother definitely enjoyed her salmon.Service was wonderful... Shortly after we started our dinner, the sommelier came to let us know we had ordered the last bottle of 14437 but made several other recommendations.   Frankly, we had no intent to dig into another bottle, seeing as the first one was already $121, but still, it was very professional of him to come and let us know.  Our waitress was fabulous...Decor, very modern and trendy and, thankfully, not too loud.  All in all a wonderful dining experience and Sensi goes into my top 20 in America fo' sho'
4	Service was attentive, without being over bearingElegant decor, including huge glass panels letting you see right in to the stream-lined kitchen.  Note-worthy presentation; especially with the appetizersSo much choice (Italian, Asian, American, Indian) that I think some dishes fall flat- the tuna tar tar app was a bit bland. And, though the spare rib was tasty and well cooked, the sauce was overwhelmingly sweet. Huge portions- I ate way, way too much- you'll find value even though the prices range form about 25-35 per entree. They do have delicious "condiments" to put on your bread, but they didn't explain what they were thoroughly and I ended up dousing a piece of bread with soy sauce! Overall, I would return, but with so many places in this town, I many never make it back!
4	Overall, a good experience at Sensi - probably 3.5 stars but I'll round up because I did enjoy the food.I went with my fiancee, and she got the ahi trio (can't remember how each piece of the trio was prepared). I do remember, however, that it seemed pretty standard, no flavors that were truly astounding. I got the shrimp tacos, which were absolutely amazing. 3 Little shrimp tacos in a very flaky crust with a great sweet sauce.Dinner was good. I had some sort of meat combination that had chicken, fish, and steak, combined with naan and some curry. all of it was well prepared and the flavors were clean. The naan was the best part, it was a great garlicky naan that had a really good flavor. Fiancee had the short rib, which was good, but definitely not the best short rib I'd ever tried (she agreed with this assessment)A couple of bad points - waiters were very courteous, but it felt like the whole meal was a bit rushed, especially given that the restaurant wasn't that crowded (we were done in a little over an hour, and that's because we were taking our time as much as possible). Also, I think the place is a bit overpriced, total bill was 170 before tip, and given that we only had 3-4 drinks with our meal, for what we were served, it just seemed a bit high.
4	The wife and I along with parents and in-laws in tow made it out here for a nice lunch last Friday.  I had their version of the bento box set which was excellent.  Buttered nan as the complimentary bread was a nice touch and everyone else's food looked excellent.  Good stuff and I'll def be back.
4	First time visiting and it would probably fall between 3.5-4.Came with the fellas and we all enjoyed the food.  We had two of the seafood platter.  Good stuff but very over-priced for what you get.  But hey, this is Vegas, it's the Bellagio, and it's a place with trendy decor.None of us had drinks as we were planning on getting drunk elsewhere. After the starter, we had dinner.  Most of us ordered the rib eye which was very good.  Someone had the braised short rib and said it was very good as well.  We ordered all the side dishes to try.-Potato croquettes were good.-deep fried/tempura asparagus...good.-another green dish, wasn't memorable because i can't even remember what it was.-fried rice....goodgreat service, great atmosphere.
4	Ate lunch here with a group of women last week.  The first thing that wowed me was the decor--LOVE the big giant hunks of granite at the entrance.  Our table top was an enormous slab of granite as well with a full view into the kitchen.  Awesome!We had fresh spring rolls and carpaccio for appetizers and both were fantastic.  I split a delicious crispy chicken salad seasoned with rosemary with a friend, who ordered the butternut squash ravioli to share with me.  YUM!The service was spot on, presentation was lovely, but I have to say that another thing that really impressed me was watching the staff interact in the kitchen.  Everyone was very respectful of one another while hustling, but not tripping over each other to get things done.  These folks clearly have their act together and watching them prep and plate dishes is like watching a well choreographed synchronized swimming routine.One drawback--only one bathroom in the entire place.  Otherwise, awesome.
2	I don't get it.  It's hardly Asian fusion and this place is bs.  As I said in some of my last reviews, and maybe it's because I'm not a huge fan of fusion but blah.  The atmosphere is nice with the water coming down the glass and all but the food is overpriced and really nothing to go ape poop over.  I ordered the chicken samosas with the roasted beet salad and yogurt sauce.  The beet salad was ok but the samosas had little flavor and presentation was mediocre.
3	Lovely restaurant, friendly and attentive service, decent food.  Again, a bit pricey, but if you don't want pricey food, you probably shouldn't be looking at restaurants in the Bellagio.The blackberry crush cocktail was a fruity berry party in my mouth, and since it wasn't my $14 paying for it, it was that much better.  I had the rosemary chicken salad which was pretty darn good.  Ma had the adorable little sliders, and our benefactress had the halibut with risotto.  We all enjoyed our meal and the company only made it better.  I won't come back to Vegas to fill a craving any time soon though, so just three granite and waterfall stars.
4	Good food, high prices, small portions. Plus one star for the 2 oz pours of wine, which are fantastic when you just want a bit of wine with dinner. Had the day boat scallops and the curry chicken, both very yummy. The Day Boat Scallops are barely enough for one person, but very, very good. Served with multicolored cauliflower, mashed squash and ravioli.
1	Most awful customer service and so-so food. I've been around the world and eaten at some of the finest restaurants and never have I received such awful customer service. After a so-so meal (they were out of oysters, shrimp, and crab and the kobe beef was ok and a little cold and everything was so infused with ginger especially the sea bass), I came to find that there was shattered glass on the side of my chair and on the floor.     How did I find the glass? A few pieces were jabbed in to my hand when I went to get up from my chair. After notifying management who did nothing more than clean up the glass, I was left to pick the pieces of glass out of my bleeding hand. Nothing more was said from our waiter or management. Not even an apology or offering of a Band-Aid. After leaving the restaurant about 30 minutes later and consulting with my dad (who owns a hotel and restaurant himself) I decided to call and speak with Veronica (manager) regarding my poor experience. She was extremely rude and defensive and said that in these situations the only thing they would have done would be to call security to get the glass out of my hand. Appalled that she was not taking this situation seriously, I spoke with her manager only to find that Veronica had lied about my experience stating that she had called security but that I had left before they came. It's an obvious admission of guilt of dealing with my situation when the manager has to lie to her manager regarding this experience. Sadly the most that Veronica's manager offered was to "take care" of one item which still has not been done by the way.        The thing is, this wasn't about $$, this was about cleanliness, safety and ultimately customer service. The poor customer service, ok food, and long wait time for everything was absolutely ridiculous, especially at such a "nice" restaurant.
3	three-and-a-half star food at five star prices. it's not a *terrible* place, but you can find better food at better prices elsewhere on the strip. keep looking.
3	The food here is very tasty and the service I felt was quite prompt and attentive.  However, I really have to ding this place based on price and portion sizes.  The reason being we order a few dishes for $30+ and well... what we got looked a lot more like an expertly done plating exercise on Iron Chef than a well balanced lunch.  As a result, I really have to say the place is over priced, but if you're there on the company's nickel its not a bad place to go.
4	The atmosphere here is amazing - rock walls, open kitchen, clean lines. The servers are great - offering veggie dishes and options for my veggie friend. And I love, absolutely love, the tuna appetizer. It's basically tuna tartare 3 ways. It is plated beautifully and is just delicious. I go here  everytime I am in Vegas cuz it is beautiful and feels like a super fancy dinner out but won't totally break your bank. I am happy every time I go.The ladies room is beautiful too. :)
4	Great decor.  Food very good.
3	I made the mistake of ordering the chicken curry. I am a HUGE indian food fan.And while the atmosphere was plesant, service was great, and food was presented nicely, I guess the lesson learned here is, stick with indian food from hole in the wall restaurants and actual indian food. Because you won't get what you are expecting here. The cheaper the curry, the better it tastes. I can't wait to get home and go back to Taj Mahal. Check that review that I wrote!
5	Ms A. and I happened upon Sensi while scoping out the lobby of Bellagio and it was so beautiful and serene (not common qualities on The Strip) we decided we'd perch at the bar for a bit.  Well, the staff were nice and welcoming so we ended up staying for dinner.  Man, what a dinner it was!  Ms A. had the tandoor-baked chicken in a curry butter that was indescribably tender and luscious.  I had seared dayboat scallops, skewered with oxtail ravilolis.  Both were utterly out of this world.  We had martinis, dry and delicious.  Our bartender recommended the excellent asparagus tempura as a starter."You'll thank me," he said.  Well, we thanked him and whatever happenstance steered us down that hall at Bellagio, too.  A great meal and although pricy, not at all out of line on Las Vegas Blvd.
1	SERVICE IS LACKING AT SENSI=========================Service is terrible. It started with us needing to wait for a table even though we had reservations. The, when I pulled the seat out to sit my fingers grabbed a wad of gum instead. I pulled the gum off the chair and told the wait staff, but received no apology.  Our round table was set for six and we only had five and we had to ask twice for one of the chairs and settings to be removed. Our waiter changed three times during our meal and every time the new one came, it was as if we had just sat down because they didn't know any of what the previous waiter had done. The, two of the dishes we ordered were not available (I wonder how many other dishes were out?). The wait/bus staff continually bumped in to our chairs without apologies. There is apparently no training because the "serve from the right, remove from the left" standard was not followed and the staff often just reached across people to set or remove items. They even insert themselves between some of us hold a discussion. We brought the issues to the attention of the manager and said that we were not seeking a financial solution, but the manager took the bill away and ten minutes later the waiter brought the exact same bill back and dropped it on the table without word. To be fair, the food is good and the restaurant is very beautiful in a modern way. But, the terrible service factor ruins the entire experience. Go somewhere else as there are many other places well worth your money in Las Vegas.
4	Glamorous, sexy, gratuitous, ridiculous...everything that can be said about Vegas can be used to define Sensi.  I had so much fun there.  The food was fancy and expensive and yummy.  Not the BEST salmon in the world, but still delicious and cut in a 3" circle shape and piled high with other yummy crap...you know, like the way you see it on lifestyles of the rich and famous.  and then you get a Chinese takeout box of cookies when you're done! :)
4	I thought the food was good. There was an obvious fusion of different flavors that worked well with all the dishes we got. The service was impeccable and my steak was cooked perfectly to medium-rare. The decor was beautiful and modern and the showcase kitchen was equally impressive. My only critique on the layout of the space is the seating. I wish they laid out the tables so they had better views of the 4 kitchens. Bottomline: This place has amazing food, atmosphere and is worth every penny.
3	It was nothing extraordinary but still good. I ordered the Thai noodles which had a fancy name I couldn't remember and when it came out I found out I had ordered, pad thai. Oh well, it was still good but not what I expected. Husband raved about the kobe burgers though.
5	My first 5 star review!Sensi was a fantastic place for a late dinner. My husband and I arrived around 9 ish on a Saturday night, and we were seated quickly even  though we didn't have reservations. The atmosphere is stylish and relaxing (appropriate for Bellagio's Spa Tower) and the restaurant itself is beautiful. When we walked in, we passed a tank of tasty-looking lobsters, and once seated we had a view of the kitchen. Even the place settings add to the sleek, spa like decor. The colors of the dining room: muted and sophisticated.The best part about this was that despite the sophisticated atmosphere, the service was friendly, efficient, and not the least bit snooty. The folks there were among the best wait staff I've encountered in Vegas. We started with house cocktails. I can't remember the name of the drink I ordered, but it was strong with a full ginger flavor, and very good ($14, the cost of all the Bellagio specialty cocktails I encountered at the pool, Fontana, the Petrossian Bar, etc.). The server then brought a fantastic little bread plate with several varieties of homemade bread and accompanying chutneys. We then ordered the tempura fried asparagus (which I chose after reading the reviews on Yelp) and it lived up the hype. Fantastic! I wish I had some right now. We ordered appetizers and sides for our main course: A fantastic fried lobster dish with mango and micro greens; Duck pot stickers with foie gras on the side; and the Sensi fried rice. All of this was out of this world, truly delicious. If I went back, I'd get the lobster again, but I might get something else in place of the pot stickers ... just to keep it interesting.After all of this, the  waiter brought us a little complimentary box of cookies. They were tiny, tasty, and in the cutest to go box ever. I loved every minute of eating here. Plus, it was at the very start of my vacation when I was still full of optimism and my gambling budget. There may be some risk at the blackjack tables, but not in dining at Sensi! Worth every star.
5	Located in the beautiful Bellagio, Sensi really was an assault on all the senses, simply spectacular from every aspect!  The Look/Feel: Striking carved marble and stone, waterfalls galore, and mirrored Chrome make this place one tantalizing treat for your eyes.  The Concept:  They have four separate glass enclosed kitchens, all sat in the middle of the restaurant for all to see the Chefs do their thing.  Each kitchen prepares a different cuisine: Asian, Italian, American and Seafood.The Food:  I'll just say it was some of the best tasting (and presented) food ever.  See pics, that is all.The Service: From the Hostess, to the Sommelier who was bang on with the wine reco's, on to the impeccable Servers and Bussers, they were on top form!
5	Sensi:  Italian for "the senses" (or so I hear).  And boy does Sensi not disappoint.  Sight:  Impeccable.  The restaurant is laid out in four different kitchens, plus a dessert kitchen and a bread bakery.  The decor is sleek and contemporary, with natural materials:  light colored woods, large pieces of hewn stone, sometimes rough and natural, sometimes polished smooth, with brushed metal accents and flowing water.  There were many different dining rooms as well, with 6 or so tables in each, so it feels intimate no matter where you are.  The staff is well-dressed and groomed, with clean, simple uniforms.  The plates were all unique, and Touch:  The seats were comfortable and the table was smooth and nice to touch, while the appetizer plates had an interesting texture.  The cool soft water of the vanishing edge fountains was nice, and was clearly either distilled or at least purified with salt (otherwise I suppose the fountains would get silty).  Along with the glass and the polished stone, very nice texture-wise.  (Though no one goes to restaurants to feel on things.  Oh well.)Smell:  Tantalizing.  The first brush is the Indian tandoori, with hints of curry.  The smell of the fresh bread was exquisite as well, and being seated next to the bread bakery was a plus in that department.  The light salt scent of fresh seafood was there, as well as garlicy and buttery hints, though I'm not sure from where, exactly.Sound:  I can't say that it was the most amazing place with sound.  You hear the typical restaurant sounds of plates and the shuffling feet of wait-staff.  There was either no music, or it was too light to be heard, though the sound of running water was nice.  We talked throughout, as well, so I suppose that that wasn't too big a deal.  It was *not* loud and echo-y, though, as you might expect from the stone and glass used.  I'm guessing the wood in the ceiling and floor helped to damp it, but I'm not sure.Taste:  I'm sorry while I tear up a little.  The food was very good.  Very good indeed.  We started with cocktails (didn't feel like wine that night, and I wasn't sure what I was ordering yet), but it was the perfect mix of citrus and rum, and I really enjoyed it.   We were given slices of at least 3 or 4 kinds of bread, freshly baked and sliced right behind us, with butter and a chive spread.  It was great.  Next, we ordered Tuna 3-ways, and the Thai Lobster and Shrimp rolls, and they were very good.  The fish was fresh, and had a unique flavor that one could dream about.  The rolls were good as well, but I think a little more cilantro could've helped it along to perfection.  We had a bit of everything.  Lamb, Scallops, Steak, and Lobster (the four of us with one each), and usually you don't share at a fine dining restaurant, but the food was too good not to sample some of everyone's plate. The lamb was in a light and flakey pastry with just the right done-ness, the scallops had the most rich and subtle lightly buttered taste, the lobster was served Indian style, and the steak was rich and full, and the largest thing served there.  I had the tapioca pudding for dessert, and it really is THE BEST as they advertise, the creme brulee was to die for, especially the unique pistachio, and I can't recall was it was called, but the chocolate log was great, and I'm not usually much for chocolate.  Nothing I didn't like at all from Sensi.  When we left, we were given a small box of cookies, a nice touch, and each was very good.Service (the Sixth Sense):  We were seated almost immediately for our reservation.  The hostess was gracious, addressed the party by name, and slowly walked us through the restaurant to our seat.  The table setting had everything, each person having a bread plate, a water glass, a wine glass, two forks, and a knife.   The wine menu is expansive and much larger than the food menu, with all ranges of pricing (none cheap, though).  The hostess let us sit down, and the three adults put their napkins in their laps, and the hostess put the napkin in the child's lap herself.  The waiter came by, introduced himself, and offered us choice of water, and promptly took the wine glass from the minor's place setting.  Since we'd informed him of a birthday in the party, that person was served first, and then the waiter would move completely across the table to the lady second (it was clear she'd be first if it wasn't for the birthday celebrant).  All the little touches were there, with the glasses removed or refilled as needed, and when two in the party got up to go to the restroom, leaving their napkins on the chairs, the napkins were quickly removed, and new, folded napkins were left near the place setting.  The steak was not finished during the meal, so it was boxed up in a container, and placed in a stylish carrying back with Sensi on the front.  The wait staff took care of every need, but tended to stay out of your way.  Just how I like it.Sensi deserves every star.  Recommended.
5	Came here with a group of about 30 for a work dinner with a fixed menu. The service here is excellent. We had an hour and a half for a four course meal. The group was headed to catch O and it started promptly at 7:30 pm. We got there around 6. We didn't think we would make it. They brought out the wine and fine almost immediately. I was thoroughly impressed. The food was great too, which is really noteworthy given the size of our group. The apps were good, I had the risotto and they say you can measure the skill of the chef by their risotto. I give the chef an A. The salad didn't blow me away. I had the surf and turf as the entree and it was delicious. The steak was juicy and flavorful and the shrimp was savory. The dessert was this coconut ice cream, tapioca, mango concoction served in an edible chocolate bowl. In other words pretty damn awesome!
5	Loved it. My friends and I happened on this place one night during our stay for their 21st birthdays and walked up on a Friday night and asked for a table for 6 at 10pm. Luckily, our wait was only about 10 minutes, which we spent taking in the uber-modern decor consisting of rock wall waterfalls, black stone benches and chrome, brushed metal and frosted glass. We were seated right by the kitchen surrounded by glass at a table with a VIP vibe, seemingly secluded but still in the way of foot traffic.The drinks were pretty good (blackberry currant seemed to be the favorite, while the asian persuasion left me needing to be persuaded to finish it), but the food was amazing. It's been months since I ate there so I can't remember exactly what was ordered but the curry was perfect, the cod was tasty, the spring rolls were okay, the tartare was not, ... that's really as far as I can remember.Bottom line: great modern and natural atmosphere, service is attentive while not overbearing (even near closing! what a concept), appetizers aren't the best but the entrees are beautiful both on the plate and in your mouth. Eat here. Then be careful about partying too hard bc it'd be a shame to lose such a good dinner.
4	Came to Sensi for lunch on my first afternoon in Vegas and it was definitely a good call by my brother in law. He lives in Vegas and says he goes to Sensi about three times a week and now I can see why.The staff was very courteous and the food...magnifique. The best was probably the sashimi which was so fresh and flavors....omg, words can't describe. We also ordered the Chicken Tandoori. Coming from Chicago with Devon Avenue and it's Indian culture it was just hard to top the flavors but I appreciate the attempt.We ended our meal with gelato. Salty caramel, pistachio and vanilla bean. Wow..the salty caramel was like a party in my mouth. It was sinful. I will definitely hit Sensi up again when I'm back in Vegas.
5	We decided to try Sensi on a recommendation because we were looking for somewhere romantic and trendy.  The service was excellent!  The food was superb!  It was cool watching the kitchen work since it is located in the center of the restaurant and is all glass.  I could definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone traveling to Las Vegas!
4	My girlfriend and I had craving for seabass. Reservations were easy to make, seating was prompt. 3 different kinds of bread. and a FAT piece of seabass. really tender and flavorful. We were stuffed from dinner so no room for dessert. But they gave us a little box of cookies to go also! Great ambiance. open kitchen, waterfalls everywhere, stone everywhere.
4	Here we are at day 2 of the Vegas extravaganza (aka "let's kill some brain cells") and I've already hurt my friend.  Broke her, actually.  While I bounded out of bed the morning after the Forty Deuce experience, she remained in bed moaning.  And not in a good way!I left her alone that morning to puke it out, sleep it off, or whatever would make her feel better.  I felt so bad about breaking her the night before, I thought that I would treat her to a nice relaxing lunch later at Sensi before our spa treatments.  I couldn't have her yacking on the spa table, now could I?Sensi is a very relaxing place with a variety of cuisine.  Indian, Asian, and plain ole American food were all represented.  She was able to find something hangover friendly along with their home-made ginger ale.  I had something light, too, as I didn't want to feel heavy and gassy on the massage table.  I think they frown on that, in general.Their signature drink is delightful!
5	This place was nice. Me and the guy went here for lunch the day we arrived at the Bellagio and we couldn't have made a better choice. We were stressed out, tired, a little angry because our reservations had gotten mixed up, but by the time we left this place the mood totally changed. Sensi has a really cool layout, a kitchen with glass walls so you can see what's going on in there, nice enough servers. The one thing that made it for me was the INCREDIBLE CARPACCIO. I mean, that stuff was some gooooood  stuff... The rest was very good but restaurants in SF are very good too... but this carpaccio; I've yet to find better. I came back from my trip in July a carpaccio-hound. I looked for it everywhere I go and now I order it whenever I see it. The only comparable carpaccio was in Santa Rosa, and I'm kicking myself for not remembering the name of the place. But geez... customer service in Vegas is great, but our food in SF and our Wine Country is OFF THE CHAIN. Still... gotta love this place. I can't wait to go back.
4	A great fusion spot. The decor was awesome, exceeding Vegas standards. The food was amazing, though I had been drinking, but I recall it being amazing? And the best part... they make their own ginger ale. And it kicks ass.
4	Overall great food, great ambiance and prices that were worth it I think aside from my choice of selection.Staff was great, our waiter was very helpful and friendly.  We ordered a nice bottle of pinot noir at the recommendation of the sommelier (sp?).  Appetizer:  Tuna Trio - delicious, three different types of raw tuna prepared three different ways.  Poke, ceviche and tuna and avocado.  Highly recommend this.Entrees:  Dry Aged Steak - My father had this and it was very juicy and tasty.Kobe Beef and Lobster - this was the only mediocre dish on the menu.  My steak wasn't medium rare as requested and the petite lobster was ok...suprising since this dish was $90.Miso glazed sea bass - VERY tasty dish.  The fish was tasty and delicate.Sides:Fried rice - another great dish, Chinese sausage, black beans, green onions, eggs and not very salty at allSpinach and garlic - can't mess this upTater tots - my dad loved this, I thought it was going to be a little bit crispier but overall very goodDessert:Chocolate decadence - my family shared this and I highly recommend it...it wasn't too large but a great way to end the mealOverall...I was wishing we ate here another time.  The service was great, ambiance perfect and the food delicious.  The meal was rather pricey ($360 for three) but like someone else said, it's Vegas!
4	Yum!  Very good food at a higher (but reasonable) price.  My wife had the lamb and she said it was to die for (sorry, can't stand sheep).  I had the Kobe beef, and realistically, it's something I would not try again.  Give me a regular steak, I don't care if the cow has her spa day.  I really don't like the texture but that is not a knock on the restaurant, just Kobe beef in general.Tempura Asparagus???  Yes please!  was so good and the dipping sauces provided were great.  Tater Tots?  At a high end restaurant?  Frozen ones will never taste the same.  These are the benchmark for all other tater tots!For the wine for desert, we had a glass of the sparkling Syrah, which was really fun.  Great wine list, great menu, great location.  Loved it!  Also, the kitchen is laid out in the middle of the restaurant and it is fun to watch the chefs preparing the food.  Kind of like a personal Food Network show!
3	Probably more like a 3.5.  The food was pretty good overall, but selection isn't great.  Nice decor and you can see the chef.  Overall food is not very memorable, but it's a nice restaurant.
5	Absolutely Fantabulous!!!!! The surrounding atmosphere, the place settings, the SERVICE! The quality of the food------Exceptional for the location and the ambiance. There was not one negative thing I can write about this place....Not one. If you want to have High-Class service and not think twice whether or not the food will be good-to-exceptional, and if you are semi-heavy in your last week's payroll check, then this is the place---hands-down! Want to impress a girlfriend a work colleague or a prospective client without busting the bank----THIS IS THE PLACE!!!! ...Sure, you might spend two to three hundred dollars for the two of you (depending on the wine selection or amount of mixed drinks you consume) but the memories will last a lifetime. This place, in my book is a HOME RUN all the way!!!!!!!!!!!!!....Bone-that's-petite
3	Went here for my gf's 30th with a few friends...8 total. The food was ok but the menu selection was very small. I got the rib eye and I am not sure why...if you want steak go to a steakhouse!!! My gf got the red snapper and she liked it. Desserts were ok but I will talk more about that later. Even though the food selection was small, their drink choice was not! They had one of the biggest wine lists I have even seen! Lots of mixed drinks but beer selection was poor and nothing on tap! WTF!?!! The service was ok but the waitress was boring...she never smiled and she had very little energy. It was almost like she didn't care because she was getting a tip anyway from our party. However, they did bring my gf their signature dessert. If was ice cream (or gelato, I don't remember) in a hollowed out piece of ice that looked like an American football. Every one like it and I will try to post pics later. However, I will say that the ladies at the front desk were really nice.  We originally had reservations at 7pm but called to have it moved to 8pm with no problem.  Half of the party didn't show up until after 8:30pm but they still sat us anyway.  Probably because it wasn't full.To sum it up, decent meal for a large price...don't expect much by food choice or service.
3	I really expected much more from a 4 star restaurant.  You walk in and immediately your senses are overwhelmed.  You walk through a maze of kitchens to your table and your struck almost immediately that this place seems to struggle with its identity.  It wants to be asian, italian and pacific rim all rolled into one package, but it just falls flat.I was horrified that we each ordered our meal (the hubby, the braised short rib and me, the sea bass with sauteed spinach) and it came out within five minutes.  Now, shouldn't a four star restaurant prepare its fish to order?  The flavors were on point, but I just couldn't get over the fact the food wasn't freshly prepared.Service was great, as were the cocktails.  The decor was contemporary, but couldn't the splurge on tables that didn't feel like they picked them up at a hotel surplus shop?  overall, for what you pay, go to Le Cirque or Circo.
4	I was in Vegas with my husband and 2 other couples and we were looking for a nice restaurant to have dinner at our last night in town. We wanted to stick around the Bellagio since we wanted to see the fountain show and settled on Sensi after looking at their menu online.Not sure what happened, but the prices on their online menu and their actual menu were different--it was a bit higher than expected, but that was ok--not a big deal. I really liked the decor--very contemporary, but also organic feeling with the smooth/rough marble walls. We were sat at a booth that was sort of in a cubby in which the waitstaff could walk around the entire table.Their homemade ginger ale is AMAZING! Get it. My husband and I shared their coconut soup, served in a coconut and I really enjoyed my thai red snapper. Others had mixed reviews of their meals, but I really liked mine!
5	By far the best meal we had during our stay in Vegas :) We were meeting another couple for dinner and while all 4 of us had really different palates, we all left really happy. This place is a fusion of Asian, Italian, American & seafood, so everyone should be able to find something they like. To avoid an embarrassing grabby "fight for the check" scene, I asked the hostess to make sure that the check came to either myself or my bf. She took down our names and outfits and promised us the check would be delivered to us. Our waiter Flavio took great care of us. I think he has actual magical powers. He never hovered over our table, but he always seemed to appear within seconds when we even thought about wanting something. The food was equally impressive. I would definitely recommend the tandoori chicken dish. The presentation was great... I wish I took a picture, but it was too delicious to pause for something trivial like that :P Flavio found out that it was my bf's birthday weekend, and he brought out ice cream encased in some ice sculpture bubble. We spent a good 5 minutes ooohh-ing and ahhh-ing. When it came time to cash out, and our friends try to slyly hand Flavio their credit card at the waiter's station, he very discreetly said that the check was already taken care of. We'll definitely be coming back here on our next trip :)
3	Came here because it was part of our pre-theater dinner package with "O" (which, by the way, was breathtaking!). 3 course pre-fixed meal - I had the soup served inside a coconut shell, ribeye, and finished with raspberry cheesecake. I'll say the most memorable dish was the soup. The restaurant was fairly empty when we were seated, which can't ever be a good sign. Didn't stick around long enough to see if it filled up afterwards. It's cool to try once, but I don't think I'll be back.
5	The food here is AMAZING!!  My friends and I decided that we wanted to be "baller" on our 1st night at Vegas and stumbled upon this restaurant.  We ordered 4 different dishes and basically passed them around.  Their prime rib was magnificent and their miso sea bass...  ohhh my gosh!  SOOOOO GOOOOOOOOD!!!!!  My stomach is growling just thinking about their food.. *drooooll...*
5	My bride and I were in Las Vegas for the Miss USA Pageant last weekend (our friend Kimberly is Miss Georgia USA).  My wife remembered a review of Sensi in a magazine (maybe Food & Wine) so we decided to try it.A wonderful experience all-around.  Because this is a pricey place, we chose to share four appetizers.  All were exceptional; I particularly enjoyed the pot stickers with a (believe it or not) side of foie gras.  I never would have paired them but they were delicious.  The best, though, was the signature lobster appetizer.  A wonderful mix of components with a fantastic sauce.  The appetizer portions were generous.They price their wines 'way above usual restaurant markups so we settled for two $16 glasses of $16 Oregon Pinot Noir.We opted for the lemon drop dessert (I'd anything with lemon on it).  It was a meringue delight.Our server was excellent and the decor of the place is minimalist Asian with lots of water features.We'd return for certain!
4	Late night snacks at the bar with appetizers.  Had the raw oysters on a half shell and the duck spring rolls w/ foie gras along with a glass of sauvignon blanc.  Good conversation with my buddy and his wife - late night asian-fusion heaven.
5	Easily one of the top 10 meals I've had in my life. First off, I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. It's quiet and private so you can have a meal and hold a conversation. My boyfriend and I ate here before seeing O. I wasn't sure how the food would be. It says Asian Fusion but I would describe it more as having Asian, Italian, and Indian food. I didn't really see genres fused together. I had the prix fixe menu for $60 which comes with an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert. This is a great deal since appetizers are $15-25 and the entrees are $30-50. For my appetizer, I had crispy shrimp. At first, I was like "okay, fried shrimp... how great can it be?" after the waiter noted it was one of their signature appetizers. They use huge tiger prawns which are fried to a crisp. There's a sauce that goes with it but I can't recall what was in it. For my entree, I got the sea bass. It comes in a foam sauce. The sea bass was super tender and fell apart so easily with the touch of my fork. For dessert, I had this chocolate hazelnut bar. Loved it! They paired it with caramel ice cream. All the dishes were artistically crafted together to stimulate your visual senses too!My boyfriend got the ribeye steak... a huge 12oz steak perfectly seasoned and grilled. He was extremely happy with his meal. We also ordered a half bottle of wine and the sommelier was very helpful. They also give you complimentary naan bread to eat with various sauces.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a fancy place to dine at with reasonable prices! They have a 4 Diamond AAA rating for a reason!!!
5	This place is EXCELLENT! The service is great, the entrees are fabulous, the drinks are awesome....the atmosphere is amazing. The restaurant has a tandoori oven as well as various Asian items on the menu. The sea bass is to die for. Worth every penny! This restaurants sets the tone for all upscale Vegas dining....
3	The decor is beautiful, it's at the end of Bellagio though kind of hidden. I love the waterfalls in front because it feels so serene. We started off with the chilled seafood platter which was fresh and delicious. I had the braised beef short ribs which were really good. This place is interesting because it combines asian and italian items on the menu.
3	3.5 starsI thought I'd treat my man to Sensi because we're both represented on the menu. They've got a little bit of Italian, a little bit of Asian, and a little bit of American. Oh, and they've got seafood too, which we both love.While everything on the menu sounded amazing, we decided to go for the pan roasted halibut and Sensi's braised beef short ribs. Presentation was beautiful, but I wasn't completely blown away. For $$$$, I was expecting to have the best foodgasm ever, but I didn't even have one. Service was top notch, and everything else about this place was exquisite. And what a gorgeous place! The open kitchen is the center of attention here. We were seated near the lobster tank, but thankfully, I didn't see or hear any lobsters being cooked. If I come back again, I'll give their prix-fixe menu a try. Seems that would be the best way to go here.
4	Went there on first night of Vegas vacation.  The wait staff was very friendly and made good suggestions.  Not a fan of the Pacific Pear cocktail but loved drinking the Grand Sparkle.  Do not miss the Chef's Signature Live Asian Lobster and a side of  Green Asparagus Tempura with Sweet Chili Dip.  Great place for a relaxing dinner before a fun night out!
5	By far the best meal I had while in Las Vegas. Like others have said, it will probably remain as one of the top meals I've had for a long time as well. Everything was just fabulous. My sister go the prix fixe dinner and loved every part of it. I tried their homemade Ginger Ale. Wow! Definitely didn't taste like normal store-bought ginger ale. Very yummy I started with the "Tuna Tartar Tots" -- their house made tater tots stacked with tuna tartar, a quail egg, and American caviar. They sat on a bit of creme fraiche. Oh my GOD were they good. My main course was the Crispy King Salmon -- a delicious piece of salmon with crispy skin on top of some scrumptious pad thai noodles. Dessert, however, was my favorite part. I had the banana beignets. They came with a chocolate truffle and peanut butter ice cream. They were so good that they elicited audible groans of joy! Do be prepared to spend some money there, but I thought it was worth every penny!
5	We've been coming to Las Vegas for many years and we went to Sensi soon after it opened. I loved it immediately. After five years of going to many of the other fine restaurants in Las Vegas, We keep coming back to Sensi. The food is creative and exciting-- even artistic. Flavors that just say "WOW!". The service is always excellent. My only disappointment is that, due to the economy, it is no longer open for lunch. I have never, in 20 meals over five years, had a negative experience here. Don't miss this place. Last night's meal was outstanding. My wife had the portobello encrusted halibut while I had the braised short ribs. Desert was, of course "the best tapioca pudding, ever". And the naan! The free before-dinner naan! Mmmmm!
4	come here for the bread, the dipping sauce and the seafood.the service was very good, everything came in a timely manner and our server was attentive and joked around with our party. the decor is nice, I've always had a thing for see-thru kitchens. the entire kitchen is housed in glass so the patrons can see the entire cooking process. not like a show, but if you wanted to see how they made the naan, you're able to watch. I ordered the beet salad, very good if you love beets, and the surf and turf, a tasting plate with shrimp, tandori chicken, sea bass and a tiny steak. the seafood here is delicious. the sea bass with excellent, a bit sweet and grilled to perfection, just a bit crunchy on the outer areas. the chicken was not what I had expected, a bit bland, my steak was cooked well instead of the medium rare I had requested, in fact 3 steaks at the table were overcooked. tempura asparagus is always good.but the seafood and the naan with dipping sauce makes up for my meats.
2	Save your money for another day - Very poor value for 300$.Had much better food for the same price in other cities. Wine parings where very small poursLobster was deep frieddesert was marginal.
4	I must admit that it was the waterfall that made us stop and look at this restaurant, but I'm glad we did.  It was our second night in Vegas and my wife and I really didn't want to do a buffet.  After much deliberation about where to go for dinner, we decided to try Sensi.  We remember it as the restaurant with the waterfall with a quirky Prix Fixe Menu.  We didn't have reservations, but it was a few days before the CES chaos so we were seated withing 10 minutes.  My wife read about the wonderful Ginger Ale, so we decided to give that a try.  Let's just say, we both didn't like it too much.  It was a bit too spicy for a drink, so we both stuck mostly with water.We ordered from the Prix Fixe menu.  I had the Surf and Turf Beef Carpaccio, the Kobe Flat Iron Steak, and Sorbet.  While waiting for the food, we were served some Naan with sauce.  Usually, we would skip the Naan, but these had a nice crispy texture that we couldn't resist.  The Surf and Turf Carpaccio was delicious.  It consisted for tasty but not chewy Lobster with a delicious Mustard Dressing.  The Flat Iron Steak was ok.  The Steak and the Bok Choy looked a little lonely on the big plate they serve it in.  I've had better elsewhere, but it was good nonetheless.  The dessert was awesome.  The Sorbet came in a big ice sculpture shaped like a water drop.  Delicious mango and lemon flavors went well with the after dinner coffee.  All in all, we were extremely satisfied with our mean.  Would definitely go back again.
2	It's my, hmm, I don't know, maybe 10 years of attending CES. Yes, we all geeks and rocket scientists do get to gather and socialize even once a year. And when we do, we do it in a big way, Vegas-style, of course.  And on one night, we had to take one of our clients for dinner.Enter Sensi...this after we've called a few dozen restaurants for a reservation with no luck. So yes, Sensi was our last resort and I'm absolutely glad dinner was on company expense because if I was going to pay for it on my own, you won't see me here. No value whatsover for your money.Let me explain, lest my review is removed again for lack of "first-hand experience" (yeah, whatever).Let's start with the menu. Well, it's limited and  a mish-mash of Asian and Italian-inspired dishes, with a couple of meats and fishes thrown in as a after-thought. And, oh, they don't have any special.The service was lacking or rather we didn't see the server unless we call him. And I won't normally do that in a restaurant. Besides, it's his job to regularly check on his table. Not the other way around where I have to see who's missing something on our party and tell  it to the server. And when we're served with what we have ordered, well, I'm speechless. Speechless because I can't really say something about it. And take it as a bad thing. It just lacked some umph. I was really hoping that dessert would somehow save Sensi, but no.Like a song, Sensi is one-note, monotonous. Didn't fire up my senses whatsover. Makes sense?
3	Not my first or second or third choice in Vegas but had to go there since everywhere else was booked!  Restaurant needs a makeover, it's a bit run down with blah decor.  Food was decent at best but server was quite nice and very accommodating.  Try Le Cirque or Michael Mina instead.
5	Loved it! Top rate all the way. We had one issue which was promptly adressed and rectified! I had the dry rubbed ribeye, with a wonderful red wine sauce (recommended by the awesome waiter), which was to die for!
4	The seared kobe tartare, lobster salad, and sea scallops were the highlight. SO GOOD. The gigantic grilled prawns and miso glazed seabass were also really good. But the seafood platter, sashimi platter and tempura lobster were eh. If you're with enough people, you should also get the giant dessert platter. It was more like a tree of treats. Everything on it was really good. Minus 1 star because the waiter made some really inapprops comment about Chinese baskets. We had no freaking idea what that was and had to ask Professor Wiki about that afterward. UH RUDE.
4	Wish the interior of my house looked like this place. We ordered beef carpaccio & lobster knucks for the app.  The beef carpaccio was fantastic.  For our entrees, we ordered Kobe Beef and Butter Chicken.  The Butter Chicken and sauce were good, however, the Kobe Beef fell a little short.  It wasn't as juicy as I had expected.Lastly, the dessert was a chocolate torte with a butter praline ice cream.  My friend said it tasted like a frozen Kit Kat.  The ice cream was terrible.  I had only one taste before throwing the spoon down in disgust.
4	I went there with a large group and wasn't picking up the tab, so as I result I had a great time. The appetizers, wine were great, the steak, I got the rib eye, dry aged, was ok, I have had better, but was an overall impressive and fun experience.
4	We had a wonderful meal.  As a fan of fusion cuisine, I loved the mixing of regions and flavors.  Calamari and the fish special were standouts.  Great wait staff and wine list.
2	I came here with a group of friends for a bachelor party. The interior design and overall ambiance are definitely winning features. This place definitely had a "zen" feel, especially with the modern-style kitchen based right in the middle of the restaurant, for everyone to see. I ordered the most expensive menu item, the 8oz free range tenderloin, and it was VERY disappointing, especially in comparison to the wonderful steak that i had the night before at Emeril's Delmonico. i prefer my steaks on the medium well side, and this one came out with absolutely no flavor. It was tough and uninspiring. The side dish included two large tater tots, also very disappointing. The tater tots from childhood have a more fulfilling, crunchy taste than these did. the asparagus was unremarkable.We ordered a sample of appetizers, several of which were fine, but nothing special for the price of the meal. That said, several of my other friends did enjoy their appetizers and entrees, including one who raved about his Salmon. Perhaps I shouldn't have ordered red meat at a restaurant specializing in "Asian Fusion".The wine list was nice and the service was excellent, and we felt "cool" being there, but for the price, I certainly will pass on Sensi on my next trip to the sin city.
3	This place was really good. My Fiance and I ordered a bottle of Riesling and it was probably one of the best bottles that we have ever ordered at a restaurant. They brought out some naan and they had four different dipping sauces. There was once specific nutty spicy sauce that was so good with the naan. We ordered the risotto for an app and for $20 bucks it wasn't worth it. It was good, but not worth $20 especially for the portion size (even though we didn't finish it). My fiance ordered the Halibut which was really great and I ordered the sea bass, which was just as good. Service was great. The weird thing was that two tables were seated around us and both of them up and left. They were replaced with other people, but maybe the price scared them off and how little choices there are on the menu? Who knows ....I'm giving this place just 3 starts because if I was going to spend this much again for food, I would choose to go somewhere else.
5	Great restaraunt. Chef Martin creates a spectacular menu with his sous amd creates an eccentric asian fusion. The chicken butter curry with the cumin crisp made by the tandoori specialist, chef Jelato is to die for. I had my fair share of curry and this is defnitely my all time top. The braised short rib was tender and flavorful. I would definitely be heading here soon enough to tastes other things on the menu.
5	I've been here twice now, and it has never failed to please.  The atmosphere is awesome, with a kitchen directly in the center of the restaurant, and nice asian-style touches throughout.  The service was literally impeccable...I couldn't have had a waiter that pleased more.  He was attentive and tailored the conversation to our interests without being overbearing.  The restaurant was happy to serve us dinner entrees at lunch, and really just catered to our every wish.  The pre-meal bread has changed now, and it's not the baked heaven that it once was, but it was still delicious.  The house-made ginger ale was really great, and I'd highly recommend it!  Overall, this was a great dining experience in every way.
4	Good Food - The food is interesting and very well prepared.  I enjoyed the tandoori gril with chicken, fish, and lamb.  The tandoori preparation was good; not the best I have had.The service overall was good but not great.  The waiter was attentive but not to a 5-star level.
3	Great ambiance, good food.Order the caprese salad. They must have had a cow/buffalo in the kitchen given how fresh the mozzerella was! I had the cedar planked salmon as an entree and while the plating was beautiful, the fish was a little over cooked and didn't quite melt in my mouth. Their kitchen is completely open and it's cool to see them preparing the meals.
5	My friends had their wedding reception in the private room.Food was very good -- we had several antipasto, with the cheese plate being the highlight, and enjoyed the fantastic naan and papadum.  For a main, I had the Chicken Makhni (described otherwise on the menu) -- the flavors were just PERFECT.  This was one of the best versions of this dish I've ever had and it's not even an Indian joint.  For dessert, I enjoyed some chocolate cake that resembled a butterfinger -- I don't normally finish desserts and I devoured this.  Service and wine were solid (not spectacular), and the venue is gorgeous.  As it was a fixed party menu, I have no clue how much anything cost, but I really enjoyed the whole night!
5	I'm not much of a foodie. And I'm not a fan of Indian food. Oh, and I don't know much about wine. So how come the Indian-inflected, wine-paired prix fixe menu at this classy spot was the best meal we ate in Vegas?The three-course prix fixe is $59, and the wine pairing is, I believe, another 30 bucks. It's a treat for sure, but it's a reasonable treat. To be honest, ordering a la carte here would give me pause; it's a whole different price point.We started with a basket of naan and pappadums, which the server felt compelled to explain. The naan was amazing, and you can watch a chef in the glass-enclosed kitchen making it all evening. This is accompanied by four sauces; the tomato chutney is by far the best, although a semi-spicy sweet chili dip is yummy too.Husband's crunchy shrimp app was light and flavorful and beautifully presented. I had a bite (for research purposes) and moved on to my market salad, which was a nice combo of greens, excellent parmesan, candied pecans in an unobtrusive vinaigrette. And, holy Gruner Veltliner, Batman--that wine pairing was perfect.Mains: Husband had the flatiron steak, which he praised, along with the pickled onions and "tater tots." My curried chicken came with basmati and raita; the buttery sauce was so good that I surreptitiously dropped bits of naan into the bowl to soak up more. Again, the wine, a shiraz blend with a goofy name, scored big flavor points.For dessert, we both went for the chocolate thingy that's basically the best Kit-Kat bar you'll ever eat. It came with a scoop of ice cream that was not particularly flavorful, but who cares? The port that accompanied this course did all the heavy lifting.The service is a bit old-school (i.e. napkins placed in laps, wine lists presented to the gentlemen), but not stuffy at all. I think they have to deal with a lot of tourists who are in over their heads, but they do so graciously. The waiter beamed at our praise, as if he was dying to run into the kitchen and convey the news.The surroundings are, in a word, gorgeous. The other high-end restaurants at the Bellagio look formal, even a bit overdone and self-conscious. Sensi looks rugged and natural, minimalist but not cold. Rough-hewn stone, light wood, walls of waterfalls, inviting bar, various dining rooms tucked away. Being able to watch the chefs at work is an entertaining plus.
5	Sensi is not at the top of the culinary world nor is there a star celebrity chef with his name all over food network and endorsed to be on Top Chef Master's by F&W Magazine. It however is my all time favorite casual fine dining spot in Vegas. Love the atmosphere being in the Bellagio lobby, but off the beaten path. Maine Lobster with Chinese style fried rice was YUM! Foie Gras appetizer, Short Ribs and Santa Barbara Prawns always perfect...great flavors strong presentation and good service. I still crave the Donuts with Pistachio Cream or whatever it is. Just plain great.   Light with lots of flavor a great ending to any meal.Only drawback is that the naan bread with the chutneys is not complimentary at dinner.  But again still one of my all time favorite dining spots in town.
4	With a new job on the horizon, I had some future monies burning a whole in my pocket and wanted to celebrate in style.Walking past Sensi, it was hard to resist choosing it as the winning option for my meal of many huzzahs.  The place just oozes class, and the menu was just the right kind of A.D.D. inspired mash up I didn't even know I was looking for.  American?  Italian?  INDIAN?  Making decisions is for suckers.  Sensi is for winners.When you drop significant amounts of cash on a meal, you expect to be wowed.  And it was hard not to be impressed with all the over the top and superficial trappings.  From the massive and pristine glass enclosed kitchen in the center, to the apparently quite expensive marble that made up the walls of the place, Sensi is a picture perfect example of Vegas trademarked excess.The food is amazing to look at, and pretty decent to taste.  Unfortunately, it's not quite as big of a bombshell as the sites.  My steak was good, and my girlfriends Spice Rubbed Chicken in Creamy Butter Curry Sauce was every bit as good as it sounds.  The service was top notch.  Clearly the two of us, no matter how awesome we are in our own heads, do not look like the standard clientele that Sensi usually gets.  And as an added bonus, we were dressed in our drabby best having just driven for three hours back to Vegas, and were planning to catch a flight in two hours.  We got treated with the utmost respect and class.  Which we obviously deserve god damn it.And as an added bonus, Top Chef Master Marcus Samuelsson was eating right next to us.  Sure, Sensi's chef came out and offered to cook him something special, and sure I wish that happened to me when I walked into a place wearing red converses.  I don't ONLY expect special treatment at Burger King you know!  But yeah, that was a cool postscript.  I'm not particularly celebrity sighting crazed - unless it has to do with food.
4	This restaurant was a pleasant surprise. Without question it is pretty expensive, but the food and ambiance is pretty good! I like the granite new age look of e place, and a lll he seating is around the c shaped kitchen with glass so you can see how they prepare your food.  My wife had the coconut soup as the appetizer and loved it. And we both got the same main dish, a combination plate with tandori chicken, halibut, shrimp and beef. And it was very good.  But like I said, all the food combined with one cocktail each set us back for 145,-.
5	Oh....My.....God!!!! Never go wrong with Bellagio, fo sho!!!!! Love their food and ambiance. The portions are just perfect and I love their wine selections, very elegant. We had to sit on the counter because we didn't have a reservation and it was full house, still got the great service and didn't feel rush at all. Definitely....worth.....the....splurge!!!!
5	Outstanding prix-fixe menu!I had the market salad, halibut, and the gelato in an ice bowl (just like the picture).She had shrimp encrusted something, butter chicken and chocolate something with salted caramel ice cream (not Morellis, mind you).Less than stellar coffee.Outstanding service!
4	This pertains to the Restaurant Week 2010 menu.The Skinny: great fusion asian cuisine and lovin' the bread service (4) service: efficient, prompt and friendly - I want to take the naan guy home!(4.5) value: for 50.10, it's not bad for a fine dining experience but the ethnic food is likely cheaper somewhere else(3).We've been wanting to try Sensi ever since we had their tasting at Taste of the Nation. My hubby was hesitant - he's not that into East Indian, Vietnamese and Thai flavours (except Pad see-uw... excuse the spelling).We love the dining room here. The view of the kitchens accompanied by flowing water everywhere, the design is truly lovely.Anyway, we ordered fried shrimp with citrus, market mixed green salad, butter chicken, skirtsteak with green papaya salad.But first, let's start out with bread service. Bread service consists of papadums and handmade naan out of a two real clay ovens installed in the kitchens. Although it didn't have quite the same elasticity and crispiness of the best naan I've ever had, it was still pretty darn good. Adding the tomato chutney, I just wanted to take the lovely East Indian naan-making gentleman home with me. (He's really nice - when we made hand signals of how much we like his naan - he sent out another fresh basket for us!)The fried shrimp was satisfyingly crisp and well seasoned. The market salad was equally pleasurable with the hint of bitterness of the lettuces and acidity from the citrus. Very well balanced dishes.I thoroughly enjoyed the grilled marinated skirtsteak (right amount of char) and nicely spiced accompanying green papaya salad. The green papaya was shaved so delicately, it looked like glass noodles. Wonderful flavour and textures. The butter chicken was nice along with the rice but it wasn't extraordinary.Dessert was okay but not exceptional. The chocolate temptation dessert was overly sweet while the caramel ice cream had a very heavy burnt sugar flavouring to it. The tapioca pudding was rather flavourless when paired with that wonderful mango lassi and coconut ice cream.Value wise, you can likely find each individual components for less else where (I'm sure you can get a decent butter chicken or green papaya salad for less than $50/person). However the service is wonderful and the ambience is amazing.I would say normally, this place would deserve a 3.5 star. However in light of the exceptional bread service, I'm bumping it up to a 4 star review.
4	We went to Sensi for dinner as part of a Dinner and show package.  I was very pleased with how on time their service was. The food was Wonderful. Its really awesome because they have glass windows to their kitchens and you can see them preparing your food. Not only that but to my understanding  they actually have a different kitchen for every ethicity of food with cooks from the country. How Awesome is that!
3	Good service. Offers a variety of asian cuisines.
4	I absolutely love this place! From the ambiance to the amazing fusion menu - everything is pretty much great! The type of food served here is somewhat Asian fusion with a variety of Indian influences - they serve naan as their bread, not much more to say.We had the Tempura King Crab Roll (was amazing) for appetizer, Miso Glazed California Halibut (pretty darn good) and Tandoori Surf & Turf Mixed Grill (good) for entree and was absolutely stuffed in a great way. The prices weren't that bad either considering it was in the Bellagio and this is Vegas. Overall a 4.5 star experience and would highly recommend to anyone - i'm going back next time i'm in vegas!One last thing...make reservations or you'll wait for at least 1 hour!
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did, but the crappy service and the mediocre food made it hard for me to.I've passed this place numerous times and the outside alone already made me want to try the restaurant.  I love how there's water flowing over the sign, it's so zen!  I didn't really know much about the restaurant, other than it was some type of Asian fusion but always intended on trying it one day. The perfect opportunity came up when my BF's bday arrived.  Not really knowing how busy this place gets, I made reservations two weeks in advance for a Thursday night. I let the receptionist know that I am celebrating my BF's bday and that we're first time diners.Fast forward to my baby's birthday..I'm driving to the strip and my BF has no idea where i'm taking him for his surprise bday dinner.  I pull into the Bellagio and we start walking towards Sensi.  He is ecstatic and happy as hell because he's been bugging me to go to this restaurant for the longest time.  I approach the hostess and checked in for our 8:00pm reservation.  We were seated promptly along a narrow walkway at a big round table set for four.  This table was placed in a very awkward area and I wasn't comfortable there.  Also, because it was just my BF and I who were having dinner I don't understand why the hostess would seat us at such a big table.  I immediately asked if we can be moved to a different one and she quickly blurted out that there were no other tables and walked away.  I called over a man in a suit and asked him if he could please move us to a more suitable table set for two away from the narrow walk way; he gladly obliged.On to dinner.  We were greeted briefly by our waiter (forgot his name) and was asked what we would like to drink.  He left after and came back asking us if we were ready to order.  it was our first time here, mind you, and had no idea what this restaurant was about.  Luckily, I took it upon myself and briefly browsed some yelps and learned that they offered a prefix menu.  For some reason the waiter didn't feel the need to explain the concept of the restaurant or offer us the tasting menu.  I asked about it, he pointed it out, and then he walked away.  My BF and i decided to give the menu a try so that we could get a pretty good selection.  We let the waiter know our choices and asked if we could decide on dessert after dinner.  He took the menus and walked away.  That was the extent of the service we received from him.  This other guy, who was such a sweetheart, tended to us, checked up on us, filled our waters, changed our plates, gave us bread, etc.  When dinner was over our waiter didn't even offer us dessert.  I overheard him asking the same guy who's been taking care of us to present us with the menu.  At this point i was extremely agitated because I noticed our waiter taking care of his other tables with great care and attentiveness.  I can't imagine why he chose to neglect us; It wasn't  a super busy night and his section was manageable. Anyway, I passed on desert (even though it was a part of our meals) because this waiter ruined my night.  He brought out a complimentary birthday desert anyway for my BF.  I tipped him a little less than 15%, although i really felt he deserved a big fat 0!!! Then I side tipped the server assistant some cash, since he's the one who took care of us.I was on my way out when the same man who moved us earlier asked how our dinner went.  Boy did my BF and I give him our 2cents!  We work in industry so I cant imagine how a place with a 4 star review on yelp have such shitty service!!!!The food: It was ok.  I had the chicken curry and i've had better.  My BF had the halibut.  It lacked flavor, needed more salt, and was overcooked.  We had King crab roll which were too big and had too  much tempura breading: not good!  The one thing I really did enjoy, however, was the naan that they give along with the different sauces!! YUM!.  Over all1.) service was a 0.  I seriously think he discriminated on us based on age, which is a shame because i'm a damn good tipper!!2.) hostess was a 0.  I don't see why you'd seat me at a big table, knowing it was a party for 2, and then tell me there's no where else to put us... considering I made a reservation 2 weeks in advance!!! Ridiculous!3.) Food was alright, i'd give it a 3, but i'm mostly basing this review on service.  So my star rating dropped to a 2.  I'd probably come back to try the other stuff because it seems like they have some interesting dishes.  Just really disappointed with the whole experience the hostess and server gave us.  The manager did apologize and gave us his business card urging us to come back.  He advised us to contact him prior so that he can make arrangements to make up for the horrible experience we had on what was supposed to be a really special dinner; I thought that was a plus.
2	Sadly, I was disappointed with my experience here.  Granted, this is based on just one experience and just the bar menu.First, while one definitely does expect high prices, for what you get, this was way over-priced - and it was freakin' happy hour.  The bartender was really nice, but the cocktails were just ok.  The loaded fries, which the menu description made sound delicious, were actually pretty bad.  The Korean tacos were pretty good, but not enough to save the day.
2	Hmmm, well, ahmmm, expected better.Beautiful environment. Ho-hmmm food. Kinda a "dumbed - down" version of Japanese / Indian / western cuisine / ???.  3 stars for environment, 2 stars for food..... and the envelope please.......drum roll 2 STARS overall! Another fusion place that has submitted to the confusion of fusion.Service was OK (but didn't have to take out a flare gun), not great, kinda a little arrogant (hmmmm why is that ?)For the dish by dish, bite by bite ... see the other reviews.
4	Casual upscale dining for reasonable prices.  Gotta get the sorbet in the awesome carved ice block.
5	I tried Sensi the year it opened and was so impressed.  I've made it a point to hit this restaurant every time I go to Vegas and it never disappoints.  It is in the spa tower of Bellagio so slightly off the main path.  I actually just went there again this past weekend and it easily has to be my 15th time there in four or five years.  The service is always amazing - from the minute you walk thru the doors.  And the food is unbelievable and priced really well.  I recommend getting the Naan bread - there is an oven and cook devoted to this.  Yum!  And my favorite dishes are the Short Rib or Sea Bass.  There is a new beet salad on the menu that I just had this weekend that inspired me to write this review.  It has Mascarpone and Feta and is to die for.  My hat goes off to the team there and to Chef Martin for making this place a little treasure.
2	Disappointing.When Adam and I spend $100 for dinner, it is an event and a treat. I was sorry, and in fact angry, to see that money go to Sensi.I had the Tandoori Surf & Turf Mixed Grill and didn't come close to finishing it -- not because I wasn't hungry, but because both the chicken and the prime rib were dry. Our server never asked how I wanted the prime rib done; they must have just assumed that I wanted all the juices sucked out. Sorry, guys. That wasn't the case.Adam had the short ribs and they were good. I particularly liked the horseradish mashed potatoes. And the bread service that everyone's raving about -- well, there's a reason. It was good.But these guys don't have the basics down, and at $100 a meal for two, that's just wrong. By the end of the meal, our server took away my plate without asking if I wanted to take the food home. Fortunately, I didn't.
4	Great fusion cuisine at reasonable price. Great Japanese inspired ambience. I dine a Sensi at least once each time I am at Vegas.
4	Food was superb, I had the diver scallops, not the best I've had, but still very very tasty. My wife had the mushroom ravioli with oxtail, excellent. Fried rice was simple but also tasty. Service was attentive and friendly. Down sides, a little small, so make a reservation and pricey. I also like bigger scallops.
5	+10 on everything Misti Y said in her review, and I wanted to add that I also ate the Baked Maine Lobster "Dynamite" with Spicy Dungeness Crab Stuffing on Valentine's night. INCREDIBLE! The real crab stuffing was the ultimate 'spicy crab' that all versions of 911 rolls aspire to be. Needless to say, I was stuffed myself by the end of the meal. We were told that it took 2 months of recipe development to come up with their McDonald's Apple Pie tribute. It was so compellingly crafted and conjured such vivid taste memories that I laughed out loud after the first bite.
5	A beautiful restaurant! Superlatives on paper cannot do it justice, you must see it for yourself. Chef Martin is an over-achiever when it comes to thoughtfulness and attention to his customers. I could not have asked for a better meal. Each course was beautifully presented and provides excelle t visual and taste appeal. I wa so happy that I chose this restaurant to celebrate KGDC!'s birthday and she truly enjoyed it.
3	I thought this place was alright. It was not anything spectacular but I would not mind eating there again! It was a little pricey, which I expected, but I know of many other restaurants I'd rather eat at for those prices.They start you off with naan, which is a type of Indian flatbread. I never really was a fan of Indian food, but this bread was delicious!! It was served with a variety of sauces and it was warm and fresh out of the oven!For an appetizer, we had the salt and pepper calamari. I really loved it!! It was my favorite part of the meal and I highly recommend it!For my main course, I just had the tempura crab and lobster roll since I wasn't very hungry. It was only 4 pieces and it was ok. I kind of wish it was served with soy sauce and wasabi. I also tried the flat iron steak which was really good. It was just a bit too salty for me and I love salty food!  And I picked at some mashed potatoes as well but there was nothing really special about it.One really great thing about this place was the treat they gave my good friend for his birthday. It was 3 scoops of ice cream in a little bowl made of ice with a birthday candle. It was complimentary and it was very nice! and tasty too!I'm big on ambiance so I consider it in my ratings and I thought that this place was nice. It was modern and clean cut but not too stuffy. The main focal point was the kitchen, which was in the middle of the restaurant behind glass. It was really cool. And the last good thing about this place was the wine. I got a half bottle of riesling which was roughly about 4 glasses and it ended up being the same price as two individual glasses.
5	When researching restaurants in Vegas, Sensi kept coming up as a highly recommended place - by critics and patrons.  When we called to make a reservation and ask if they would be open to making something vegan (I always ask ahead...  sometimes chefs love accommodating requests like that, other times it aggravates the heck out of them) I was pleasantly surprised to learn that they have a vegan risotto on their menu!  Score!  We were there...When we got there, the person I had made the reservation with had communicated to our server that I was vegan.  He acknowledged it right off the bat and directed the non-vegan specials to my husband.  Then he told me about the vegan risotto AND how they could swap out the scallops with tofu in the Thai scallops entree.  He then walked me through suggestions on how they could veganize other dishes -- plus, he noted which breads and sauces on the table were vegan.  Talk about going WAY above and beyond.  That's better service than I get in most vegan restaurants.  I later asked him if he was vegan (he was not).  Some of his knowledge was general and from experience with precious customers and much of it was on the spot from talking with the kitchen and other staff, which was pretty darn cool if you ask me.  I love, love, love when I can go in to a restaurant and really experience it like that.  Eating vegan in non-vegan restaurants usually means settling for the one vegetarian dish that is already on the menu and asking them to "hold the cheese".  Not here -- this server, whose name I regret I didn't get so can't mention in this post - went above and beyond to help create a path for me so my experience was as luxurious and enjoyable as those looking at the full menu.In the end, I had the farmer's salad (delish) and the Thai scallops, swapped out with tofu and it was out of this world.  Those, combined with the wine (they had a very nice wine selection) and great view in to their glass-enclosed fishbowl style kitchen, made for a really, really enjoyable evening.We would have gotten dessert there if my husband didn't have his heart and eyes on a sweet crepe from the Jean Philippe Patisserie.  :)I highly recommend Sensi to anyone looking for an incredible meal and experience out in Vegas.  The restaurant is physically removed from the casino area so you really feel like you are getting away from the Vegas chaos for a bit.  This place isn't like many of the pretentious celebrity-chef restaurants either.  It's just hands down incredible food, service, and environment.  When we're back in Vegas, we'll definitely go back.
5	Scene: 02/18/11; at the Bellagio's Sensi Restaurant; Cascading waterfalls and exposed exotic stone walls with bamboo accents -- all grey and soothing and tranquil. Me and Mara G. walk in. Chef Martin Hierling, Executive Chef, just happens to be standing at the hostess stand with the hostesses. Mara G. remembered him from the Grand Opening -- SIX YEARS AGO. They strike up a brief conversation involving a lot of thoughtful agreement, whispering, nodding, and gesturing with foreheads towards me. We are seated with a full-view of half the open kitchen. Dining ensues.Flavio, our primary server, is super nice. Super nice. We order. Me: Pacific Pear cocktail. TLC roll. Scallops. The cocktail was at once gingery, sweet with Poire William, and a tad bit tart from the sour (house made, I'm sure) and necessary to temper the Vodka. Super yum delicious. I could have easily downed 3 or 4 of those babies. Remember, my blood alcohol is dangerously low. But I didn't. I had food to eat.We finally figured out what the guy inside the glass enclosed kitchen center was doing. He was lifting naan out of the oven. A basket of it was delivered to our table. Lighter, fluffier naan, crispier flat breads, chunky chutney, cool creamy raita, and tangier tamarind sauce have never been produced on the planet. Why oh why, bread basket, do you exist? Don't you see my waistband straining as it is? You do realize I must eat you, don't you? My TLC roll came out. If I say "omg" again, it will definitely lose its punch. But this tempura fried roll topped with lobster and crab (get it -- TLC) is definitely worth wearing out an overworked catch phrase of the 2K11. Oh My God! This creation was so good. The splashes of sriracha mayo and creamy wasabi were the perfect accents. I hate to say it, but I love saying it: I cleaned my plate! I probably shouldn't have, with multiple courses coming, but I couldn't help it. So good!For the next course, I was expecting my scallops. All of a sudden, here comes Flavio with soup spoons. A treat from the chef! Wow! Thai coconut shrimp soup! In a hollowed out coconut bowl displayed on inedible salt on some kind of seashell. Wow! Can I just say this soup is more delicious by leaps and bounds than any Thai coconut soup I have heretofore experienced? Sweet, yet hot from the chili oil. Chock full of shrimp and enoki mushrooms. A little cilantro to top things off. This soup was the dancing water fountain light show in my mouth. (It is quite a stretch, but I am going to have to list this soup in my "Crab Soup" list for now until I rename it to seafood soups.) Thank you Chef!Then the scallops... These diver scallops could have doubled as hubcaps on my great grandfather's 57 Chevy. So huge! Yet so tender and flavorful; and no muscle. Gently seared scallops with sweet soy, sugar snaps, spinach, shallots, and enoki mushrooms, daikon radish, and perfectly steamed white rice (just for yucks)! :)By now, I am stuffed to the gills. Mara G.'d ordered the tasting menu and had a dessert coming. But I was actually hoping to have time to sit back and savor the last few sips of my OR Riesling. Not.Here comes Flavio again with an ice sculpture shaped like a balloon with three ice cream scoops inside. A lit candle is in one of the scoops -- INSIDE the ice sculpture. Wow! What a feat of engineering. I blew it out and dove into salted caramel, espresso, and Madagascar vanilla ice cream scoops! (Misty, I was thanking MY lucky stars that all of the servers in house didn't come by beating a huge marching band bass drum and blowing "new year's eve" horns singing happy birthday like they did at Farrell's Ice Cream when I was 9 or 10.)This ice cream was creating a similar experience for my taste buds, though. I have been in love with salted caramel since my visit to Sorella in NYC (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sorella-new-york#hrid:ovqOWowSYIQh4dxm_btJeQ) and I haven't been able to make it to Georgetown Cupcake in DC on Saturdays to get one of their salted caramel happy pills. But this scoop of salted caramel ice cream (along with the other flavors) hit the SPOT! Smooth, sweet, creamy, visually appealing, sexy even. Thank you Chef Martin! Thank you. Wow!By 2/21, when the fullness subsided a bit, I was thinking of the pacific pear and the scallops. I will definitely return. Again and again. I loved this birthday dining taste sensation experience. Wow!
3	Sensi gets three stars instead of two mostly for the great service and the cool atmosphere.  I ordered the wild mushroom ravioli with oxtail and my boyfriend ordered the short ribs, which we were told is the most popular thing on the menu.  We thought both of our dishes were good but too rich.  The oxtail overpowered the flavors in the ravioli and the sauce overpowered the mushrooms.  The service was amazing.  They couldn't do enough for us.  And the atmosphere was beautiful, especially the kitchen in the center of the restaurant.  Probably will not go back there and definitely wouldn't be my first choice for dining in Vegas.
4	the house made ginger drink is as good as we heard
5	We ate at Sensi on 3/20/11 and had a wonderful experience. From the ambiance, the attentive staff, and the fishbowl kitchen... all of it exceeded expectations. I'm an aspiring chef, well I like to watch Food Network, and being able to watch the chefs in the glassed-in kitchen prepare the meal was like being a kid in a candy store.We arrived shortly after the beginning of dinner service and the place was pretty empty. By the time we left 90 minutes later, most tables were occupied and there was a large group (conference or something) in what I assume was a banquet room in the back. They were a little noisy but it wasn't too bad.For appetizers, we had the TLC (tempura lobster crab) roll and the Crispy Fried Shrimp, both of which were amazing. The shrimp were a bit too sweet for my taste, but the wife gobbled them up. The TLC roll was very delicious, and an interesting twist on a sushi roll. It's a spendy treat, however, since after tax/tip you're looking at about 28 bucks a plate, containing 4 bite-sized appetizers. Those good with math will spot the 7-dollars-a-bite price. Totally worth it though!The bread service was naan with four sauces... yogurt, curry, soy, and sweet chili. Pretty good naan, but part of that might just be that we hadn't had the delightful substance for quite a while. Not bad for free food..For entree, we had the butter curry chicken and the mushroom ravioli, both of which were great. The ravioli was served with stewed oxtail, and was tasty. Wife liked the curry, too.Definitely recommend Sensi... We escaped for $125 plus tip: two appetizers, two half-glasses of wine, two (lower-priced) entrees. Go there for yourself!
5	We dined at Sensi on Saturday night and had a FANTASTIC time and an even more divine meal.As is my habit, I usually ask the kitchen to send out what they recommend- what I got were these miracle medallions of perfect seabass on a bed of what think was shredded daikon- but I can't be sure, not that it mattered because it was a miracle.The crispy shrimp appetizer was also super yummy and yes.... on the salted caramel ice cream.Sensi is a not to be missed experience in Las Vegas.Thanks again Chef Martin!
5	Excellent food and drinks and very attentive wait staff.  Well worth the money at the excellent Bellagio hotel.
1	Their food might be excellent but my family and I will never know. I was planning my wedding in las Vegas for this June and Sensi was our first choice for the post-ceremonial feast. We heard SO MANY lovely things about their accommodating staff and fabulous vegetarian options that we could hardly wait. I contacted them in February to begin the menu selection process and they got back to me with a decent pace (not as fast as others but I still had 4 months so I wasn't in a hurry). So, time passes, I've been in contact with the folks at Sensi for almost 2 months now, and I finally get all the information I need from my family (RSVPs and whatnot for close to 30 people) to make my reservation. I make the call and leave a message. I get an e-mail in response stating that our schedules jut don't jive (I'm about to drop a few thousand dollars on your place and you can't make time to call me?) AND that the restaurant closes EVERY JUNE for 10 days of "repairs and renovations". In the 2 months that we were talking no one thought to mention that?! Okay, fine, the email said they didn't have the dates yet so I can maybe see how they wouldn't want to frighten me off unnecessarily, but I'd still would  have liked some warning. The final straw was when the events coordinator never got back to me to tell me the exact dates they'd be closed this June (the 6th through 16th if you're curious) like she said she would. I had to call the restaurant and speak with a hostess, who had more information than the manager apparently, to find out for myself. I found their treatment unprofessional, insulting, and entirely frustrating for something that should have been so simple as making a reservation.
3	Bento Box lunch!They do a really cool "bento box" lunch special most every day (or weekends at least) that is always a very creative mix of food. We had dinner here once, and while it was great, for the money I'd likely pick other places, but a solid choice.if you like ginger ale, they make theirs fresh, and it's fantastic. Call ahead as they had been closed for renovations and not sure if they are open again.
4	This place is awesome! The ambiance and staff are amazing. If you love sushi and if u love to indulge and trust in the flavors and creativity of the chef... order the "Roll Call"....ur taste buds will thank u:) oh and I had the Berry Crush cocktail...delish;-)
5	We dined at Sensi on Tuesday and It could not have been a better experience. The food was to die for and the staff was amazing. Jason R. the Manager was at the top of his game and made the entire experience one we will remember. We are local and will be sure to visit there again. My wife had a drink called a blackberry crush and you never tasted something so Delicious. I had the rib eye and she the salmon and I would recommend either of those dishes because of the favors that burst out of them. Highly Highly Recommended.
5	Went with the hubby to celebrate an anniversary.  The prix fixe menu with wine pairings is a deal that is too good to pass up.  Very generous pours and incredible pairings with the food were dreamy.  It was $89/person, and $59 without the pairings.  Farmer's market salad, Alaskan halibut and shrimp appetizer were my favorites.  Oh yes, and the naan with the four dipping sauces was delish!  Also, who knew I liked Riesling?  This would be a great spot to meet friends visiting the Strip.  I can't wait to go back.
5	If you're in Las Vegas and happen to have about $200 to spend on dinner then you MUST eat at Sensi! This place is like having four restaurants in one (Italian, Asian, Indian, Seafood). Two words...mouth orgasm!!
4	The food at Sensi was all around delicious. The bread they put out for the table is a combination of naan, a crispy Indian flat bread and a few others - really good. Of note, the salmon and the scallops were the best I have had in a while. With 5 of us, we had a huge private booth and plenty of space. Service was attentive and a little awkward at times... not really too much of a sense of humor but with this being more of an "upscale" place I suppose that is just what you get! That... and maybe a few of the inappropriate jokes/conversations we were having could have been what they were frowning about... but come on it's Vegas. What do you expect?
4	this place is great!Awesome Menu SelectionsGreat food Great ValueGreat ServiceGreat BarGreat Wine SelectionA go to spot if you live or come to Las Vegas
3	The Better Half and I decided to give this joint a try.  We'd heard about it and saw the favorable reviews on Yelp.  Unfortunately, the experience didn't match our expectations.  Here's why:- The waiter took forever to take our drink order....we seriously could have drank a glass of Wine in the amount of time it took him to come by.  One thing I hate is having to wait for my Wine!- He screwed up our order and forgot my side order of Bacon Fried Rice.  I was looking forward to trying it because it sounded sooo good.  But when it didn't come out with the entrees, I didn't want to have to eat it by itself.- The serving of the Salad was mistimed and the entrees came out before we were finished with our Salad and Appetizers.....we felt rushed.We ordered:SONOMA FOIE GRASCHERRY PRESERVE, $25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bK_eTLw_uEuEyMzdZlKN6A?select=2VpoayF-8SBISGf7cIwHpwPECORINO GNOCCHISACRAMENTO DELTA ASPARAGUS. MORELS. SPRING GARLIC CREAM, $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bK_eTLw_uEuEyMzdZlKN6A?select=ovRy0UiaSdqvro-TSLTReA10 OZ PRIME FILET MIGNONCERTIFIED ANGUS. KANSAS,  $50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bK_eTLw_uEuEyMzdZlKN6A?select=MTL3fri25VQZswjj8a7MaAPAD THAIVEGETABLE & EGG, $25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bK_eTLw_uEuEyMzdZlKN6A?select=pF-X3DISeWzVP0At0ee26AThe food was pretty good.  I enjoyed the Gnocchi very much and the Filet was juicy and cooked just right.  I tried a bit of TBH's Pad Thai, and it was pretty good.Overall, the food was great, but the service sucked.  We watched other tables and noticed slow service as well with the other servers.  This place has a long way to go.Return Factor - 50%
4	Not sure if I'd really call this "Asian fusion."  It's more like various Asian and Asian-type dishes served alongside straight-up European fare.  Not that there's anything wrong with that--I love being able to eat Thai coconut soup, naan, and various Italian foods at the same meal.The ambiance is great.  Lots of glass, lots of really cool-looking stone (including our massive 7-person table, which was nestled in an alcove which jutted into the large glass-walled kitchen).  Great view of an awkward-looking rendezvous in which a man seemed to be trying really hard to impress his much-younger-looking date.  I know that if I wanted to do that in Vegas, Sensi would be one of my top choices.The food was interesting.  The bread was naan, which came with chutney, tzatziki sauce, and some other stuff I don't remember because it was 2 months ago. Unfortunately, the waiters never bothered explaining that to us--we had to play detective and figure that stuff out ourselves.  In terms of stuff that we actually paid for, most of the stuff I tasted (duck/foie gras potstickers, tataki roll, Thai coconut soup, and short ribz) was outstanding.  In particular, the soup came in a real coconut, which you could scrape off the sides and mix into the broth.  Awesome!  I also tasted the branzino, which one of my friends ordered.  That wasn't as good, probably because it had gotten soggy after soaking in clam broth for 20 minutes before I was able to grab a bite.  That probably wasn't Sensi's fault.Overall, the food was great, the whole concept of the place was great, but the service left a bit to be desired.  Considering how much we paid for everything, the staff seemed rather disinterested and unenthusiastic.  I'd probably give Sensi 3.5 stars if I could.
4	I was taken here for my birthday by one of the most amazing person I have met, and it was exceptional.After we placed our order, the bread basket and homemade chutney was put on our table to enjoy.  The chutney had so much flavor.  Great way to start our dinner.The kumamoto oysters came out next.  They were so fresh and scrumptious.  My favorite oysters in the oyster clan.Next, we had the yellowtail sashimi.  Based on Misti's review, I had to try this and it did not disappoint one bit.  So fresh and so clean...best yellowtail I've tasted to date.  Dip this fresh piece of fish into the light citrus-ey ponzu sauce and wow...The duck potstickers with foie gras debut next.  The foie gras just melts in our mouth.  So much flavor, so savory, so good.The unforgettable roasted bone marrow made its way out to us...I could only think to myself at that moment..'O-M-G...that's so Sexy, the way it caught my eye and made me sigh and wanna say ooh weee"...Yes this was super good.  Gosh, get some of this marrow and spread it on the brioche...ooh wee over and over again until it's all gone... We shared the miso glazed alaskan halibut with a side of spinach and caramelized shallots.  Nothing special.  Was alright.  That's that.At then end of our meal, we were presented with a small box of chocolates, compliments of the chef.  The dinner experience was wonderful, from the decor of the dining room, to the professional and attentive staff, to the delicious food.
4	Very cool atmosphere - good use of stone and water.  The bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful.  The specialty cocktails were amazing too!
1	we got suckered in to try this place.  The warning signs were there: sushi, thai, pasta and steak all rolled into one pretentious place.  Well, they managed to screw up all those cuisines. There is a good reason why these types of places never succeed.  they are not good at ANY of the genres...Oh, it is VERY expensive. I mean it's the bellagio and all, but you gotta have some serious balls to charge $20 for 4 pieces of mushy overcooked gnochi, in a sauce that tastes like a fine blend of ragu and alfredo straight from a can.the sushi was average at best.  we also tried the coconut soup which was bland and had less shrimp than my local thai place that charges 5 bucks. really, bellagio, you can do better than house this joint. i mean all the other restos on the premises are at least decent.
2	Note: This review regards the Restaurant Week 2011 Menu Great hopes, severe disappointment.  Yep, that pretty much sums up my experience at Sensi.Upon entering Sensi we seated next to a large party of eight and another table that included an infant.  Dozens of empty tables but they plopped us down in that spot.Tangent: Now, I don't hate small children, I really don't, but I hate being near them in upscale restaurants.  I go to upscale restaurants so I don't have to be near them and hear them scream.  Yes, kids are adorable and are the future, blah, blah, blah, but I am not paying $50 pp to listen to a stranger's child cry.  Okay, so, yes, the child screamed/yelled/stared at me through the meal and the large party of eight, who apparently never learned the concept of "inside voices," aurally overwhelmed the restaurant's other diners.  This is not entirely the restaurant's fault, however, but they could have handled the situation better.  The noise pretty much ruined the meal.The food was pretty disappointing too.  My restaurant week menu included the steamed Chinese buns, the grass-fed skirt steak, and the chocolate temptation.The Chinese steamed buns may have been the worst thing I've eaten in awhile.  The dried-shrimp filling, which was incredibly salty, combined with the unbearably sweet hoisin vinagarette sauce, was almost unpalatable.  DO NOT WANT.The skirt steak was fine but it was a rather small portion.  It included expertly-made brussel sprouts and spaghetti squash.  I hate brussel sprouts but I loved these!  This dish saved the experience from being an epic disaster.The chocolate temptation was basically a ferrero rocher candy bar topped with insanely burnt-tasting caramel ice cream.  It was okay, but also kind of gross (the ice cream overwhelmed the entire dish).We had very little interaction with our waiter but he seemed nice enough.  Not particularly helpful or attentive, however.  I went on a Wednesday specifically so I would get better service (less busy = attentive service, right?), but that wasn't the case here.Sad to say, it gets 1.5 stars.  The only bright spots were the skirt steak and awesome naan bread basket (free with meal).  Blargh.
4	Sensi has wonderful seafood, great presentation and excellent service. If you are expecting Claim Jumper style portions, eat at CJ's. This is one of the few bright spots in the Bellagio.The restaurant features Asian, Italian and American foods. I had a grilled seabass special which was incredible. The raw oysters as an appetizer are excellent. The sorbet was served in a tulip-like ice sculpture. They let me try multiple flavors and I was literally blown away by dessert.This is an excellent restaurant, but not sure why it's in the Bellagio as the target market would rather have a Claim Jumper or Waffle House. OK, I leave the Bellagio alone as it does have a nice fountain.Sensi is a must try and is spendy, but worth it.
4	Asian or American or Italian food available. I went with the prix fixe - steered toward Italian and thought it was really good and good value. I had it with the wine pairing, with tip it was $100 even. I would eat here again, definitely.
5	This place personifies Vegas - its pure indulgence at it's best. The ambience is stunning but the food here is pure art. It's delicious and is executed with impeccable panache. I shared the wild mushroom gnocchi, the veggie roll, the vegan carrot risotto and the tempura vegetables with a fellow vegetarian friend. It was more than enough food for the 2 of us, and everything we tried was delicious. I also loved the delightful little amuse-bouches the chef sent us, including an amazing mushroom cappuccino. The BEST part though, was the absolutely stunning (and huge) dessert tower. It consisted of french macaroons, tarts, salted caramels, chocolates, cakes, ice cream cones with gelato and petit fours. Despite the tremendous amount of dessert contained in this "tower," my friends and I finished everything within 10 minutes. LOVED this place. It was definitely one of the highlights of my last Vegas trip.
3	This restaurant has a lovely ambiance and excellent service.  The food is delicious and the offerings are innovative.  My only wish is to have had at least 2 additional offerings for each cuisine type.  There were not enough choices offered from each kitchen to truly get excited about.
5	Do they really need another review. They are awesome, you should eat  here.
5	Why: surprise romantic dinnerWhat we ordered:(1) sweet and spicy porkcucumber kim chee, soba noodles, gem lettuce(2)bacon fried ricechinese black beans(3)miso glazed alaskan halibutbaby mizuna, shitake ginger broth(4)sensi surf and turf(5)naan w/ 4 different dipping sauce(5)strawberry muddled martiniPositives~1:3 ratio of waiter:table~attentive waiting staff~complimentary gourmet chocolates in a gift box given at end of meal~open/glass kitchen (can watch chefs cooking)~created alcoholic beverages taste great!~free drink special sample given for taste~very clean~wasn't too loudNegatives~none!  Conclusion: definitely would go back!:0  :o
5	We really enjoy dinner at Sensi. We have been there twice so far, with two sets of visiting family members. My husband and I first found out about this restaurant via the Vegas Vegan's blog. Vegetarian and vegan fine dining can be hard to find here. We found that the managers, servers, and chefs made certain that our mixed table of vegetarians and meat eaters all had delicious meals. They are pricier, yes, but the food makes it worthwhile. Highly recommended.
4	I dined here with my sister on a Saturday evening (see Jazzy L review).We were hungry and in a rush, so we dined at the bar.  I enjoyed people watching out near the front lobby but the food took a VERY LONG TIME TO BE SERVED.The ginger ale was freshly made and was TO-DIE-FOR!Fried Rice: GoodSeabass: I was expecting Chilean Seabass but think it was a different kind of seabass.  The fish tasted more like a mahi mahi.Bone Marrow: Yum!  A MUST TRY!Tataki Roll:  Good with crunchy/toasted rice pieces on topIt was rather expensive, about $110 for 2 people with no cocktails.
5	WONDERFUL! The General manager and executive chef made our experience the best we've had in Vegas. The food was terrific and the service beyond expectations.We will surely return.
4	This is becoming my favorite restaurant at Bellagio, definitely for the price.  It ain't cheap.  Our bill with tip was $280, but reasonable for the quality.  As others have said, it has this odd divided Asian, American, Italian menu.  All their appetizers (and I've had about 10 of them) are creative and delicious.  The Sommelier's wine selection was spot on (better be for $30 a glass!).  Presentation is perfect.  I recommend that you go early on a weeknight.  It can be very noisy when crowded with drunk gamblers.  Go for a semi-splurge or if you're comped.  I consider it better than all the other outrageous restaurants (except Picasso).  Ok, ok, mea culpa, we were comped both times.
3	Great design (probably one of the most interesting restaurant I've been in a while), very interesting menu, but not all the dishes were a home run. SALT & PEPPER CALAMARI - perfect - home runTUNA CONSERVA - pretty tasteless - needed helpBRAISED PORK SHOULDER - Was very good, but not exceptionalFRIED BANANA SPLIT - hmmmmmm....interesting, maybe deserves another tryFriends had Sushi and Miso Cod....not really goodAnd a very disinterested service didn't help the experience....So I would try it again. Maybe it was just a bad night.
4	---we enjoyed this place...real nice food and decour   the staff was spot on..kinda $$
4	Staff was friendly and attentive. "Cool" atmosphere (by that I mean sea cool, not hipster cool). Low key upscale dining. You can see into the kitchen in the middle area. It is a different concept. Would be good for a date. I had the blackberry cocktail, really delicious and sweet. Boyfriend had the strawberry cocktail (yup, sure did) and it was too sweet. We shared an appetizer of gnocchi ($18). It was okay, I would not order again. The gnocchi was mushy, I felt as though the dish was very bland.I had the butternut squash ravioli ($29). Delicious! Quite a small serving for the price (5 ravioli). The butternut squash sauce was fantastic. The bill almost gave us a coronary. It turned out to be about $60 per person before tip, with 3 drinks, 2 shared appetizers, and 4 entrees.
2	We were craving for asian, this place looked nice inside and out but the food was fair at best. We didn't know if it was italian, japanese or chinese. The bread was indian and some dishes were indian too. We thought food was ok, it was definately NOT like the night before. We will never go back. We were hungry that we didnt' even think about looking at other restaurants in the hotel. Not worth the money or calories.
2	Want to keep this review short & simple. Reasons for two stars:1) Service (1 star) - While the waiter was hiding behind the wall, the food runner was filling our drinks and had to go after the waiter each time we needed something. 2) Appetizer (1 star): Assorted rolls - Disgusting. No flavor, and overpriced. Tasted like something I would buy from Trader Joes.3) Pita Bread & Dipping Sauce (5 Stars) - The best part of the meal. The pita bread was fresh, and the dips were amazing. Why couldn't the main courses be similar?4) Tuna Consera (1 star) - Very tasteless. Didn't taste like anything. It didn't taste fresh, or cooked. Something in between. Tasted like sesame seeds.5) Ribs (1 star) - Took one bight, and left it alone. My cafeteria serves better food.6) Chocolates (5 Stars) - The second best part of the dinner.Never going to eat at this place again. Definitely overrated!
1	In celebration of my big birthday, I traveled to Vegas for the weekend.  After doing the tourist "thing" of taking pictures in the Bellagio hotel and walking around, my friend and I happened upon Sensi.  The vibe looked awesome and the menu looked yummy!  My friend says to me, "its your birthday, lets have drinks and dinner here."  We excitedly walked to the bar anxious to order drinks, bottles and some good food.  As we approached the bar, there appeared to be only one bar stool available, so we kind of stood there and looked around for possibly another stool.  The bartender approached us and we asked him if he could possibly get another stool so that we could sit down.  He sarcastically looked around and said, "Looks like there are no other seats available." and then gave us a silly smile.  He said it loud enough so that the bar (its kind of small) all looked at us.  Not cool Mr. Bartender.  Here is my note to the manager at Sensi:*  Inform your staff that customer service is key.  I get that there was not another chair, but there is another way to approach this and make potential customers feel good.* You never know WHO you are potentially servicing.  I work in radio and if I lived in Vegas, I would put your spot on BLAST.*  We ended up going to Beso at Aria and had a GREAT experience.*  take a day to TRAIN staff to be attentive and friendly (not sarcastic)
5	What a great find for dinner while on business in Vegas!The inside is very calming and cool, and I LOVED how you could look in and see the chefs cooking in the centrally located kitchen with glass. Throughout the meal we even saw chefs running various food items to different kitchens.We sat down and ordered some cocktails which we loved. I can't remember which ones we got, but they were girly and delicious and super fresh.The different cuisines on the menu made it a great place to go to try a variety of things. We split the Pot Sticker appetizer (came with 5) and enjoyed them. For $18 the portion was probably a little small but we enjoyed non-the-less. We were nervous about portion size after this so my co-worker and I ordered 2 sides with our meals. The sides were HUGE. We had the Tempura Vegetables and the Brussels Sprouts - both excellent! We were sad we couldn't finish them as our entrees were delicious too.I ordered the Signature Braised Short Rib. The meal was beautifully presented (see my picture) and the meat fell apart so nicely. Co-worker had the Butternut Squash Ravioli which she loved as well.The meal was definitely pricey but worth it if you want a nice dinner in a nice hotel and want a place with LOTS to choose from on the menu. There is definitely something for everyone!
5	The vegan risotto is very delicious. The service was top notch! Nice place! Will go back.
5	Hands down the best dinner I've ever had in Vegas! everything from the excellent and HONEST table service to the fine and ever-so-delicious dishes they served, this is on the top of my places to eat list!Our group of 4 had reservations at 8:30pm with tickets to see O at 10pm.  We arrived 15 min early and were seated promptly.  We informed our waiter that we had 10pm tickets and he made sure our meal ran smoothly without us feeling rushed.  The fresh baked naan with the four table sauces was a nice way to start the meal - highly recommend the sweet & spicy Vietnamese sauce, and the cucumber and yogurt sauce.  Add a pinch of the salt to the yogurt, and it's perfect.  We started with  the salt & pepper calamari appetizer - mmmm mmmm put some of that sweet & spicy Vietnamese sauce on there.  For entrees, we ordered the Miso glazed cod, Spicy diver scallops, and the Roasted Striped Bass.  All the entrees by themselves could earn 5 stars!  We also shared 2 orders of the bacon fried rice - bacon can only make food be tastier!  The miso glazed cod comes with a shiitake ginger broth, which pairs perfectly with the bacon fried rice!At 9:30pm we were contemplating dessert, but the waiter actually recommended we get the bill and head over to the show.  wow! they didn't push dessert on us?? and when the bill arrived, he gave us 2 boxes each containing 4 chocolate truffles (on the house!), so we could have a small dessert to go!  now that is customer service!
4	The food was good and service was good that is why it gets 4 stars, rounded up from 3.5.  HOWEVER, I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.  It seems like most of the big hotels have their own Asian restaurant.  If I was staying in the Bellagio I would go here again over Olives, but I wouldn't make a special trip to go here.   Although the food overall was good, there is not one go to dish that I can reccomend to you.
5	Arrived very late and immediately taken with the ambiance and the VERY cool kitchen that you can watch. Had an incredible meal that I am still thinking about 2 years later all the way here in Chicago.....  I would go back to Vegas just to eat here!
3	The hubby and I came here to celebrate his bday.  We had the TLC roll for starters.  That was really good.  The assortment of bread was also deliciuos.  My hubby ordered the filet mignon, it was cooked to perferction!  I had the Jidori chicken, it was good the first few bites but later became really salty.  It was a big portion and I did not finish it.  The chocolate truffles at the end was the best part!
5	The prix-fixe menu is outstanding! I did it with the wine pairing.  I would recommend taking a bite of your food, having a sip of your paired wine, and then having another bite of your food.  It turns into a completely different dining experience.  The steak was out of this world!  The naan was probably some of the best I've ever had.  (And I've had a lot of naan)  Definitely paying another visit next time I am in Vegas.
5	Awesome food, friendly staff. Tried a little bit of everything. Was not disappointed.
5	I visited Sensi during Bellagio's Restaurant Week.  Kimchi Oysters were definitely memorable, even though I'm not an oyster fan.  The noodles were excellent and the dessert (Chocolate Temptation) was fantastic.  The service was very good - something to be expected from Bellagio restaurants.  They have a lot of other interesting and creative dishes that I'm looking forward to trying next time I visit Vegas.
4	Great food.  Best filet mignon you can get.  Medium rare means medium rare.  Service is professional and atmosphere is pretty sweet.  Great stop for a special occasion.  We ate here for my bachelor party weekend and we were fully satisfied after our steaks.We had a party of nine and they handled us very efficiently.  Only reason I don't give it 5 starts is because it is very, very expensive.  Food is definitely top notch and it is Vegas, but if you don't appreciate $80 bottles of wine as much as 8 $10 bottles of wine, you may have some sticker shock.
5	Tried the tasting menu with wine pairings and was not disappointed. Food was excellent and the service was overly patient with our semi-obnoxious group of 7-8 guys. Will definitely check them out again when back in Vegas.
5	Absolutely THE BEST meal I've ever had in Las Vegas.  Everyone in our party of 4 ordered different items from the varied menu, and we were all blown away by each dish. The meal started with a basket of pampadums and fresh baked naan with three different dipping sauces - so yummy! The coconut soup was spectacular and served in a whole, young coconut. Simply divine!  The TLC sushi was very creative and mouthwatering delicious. My husband had the Tandoori Chicken Curry and it was divine.  What really made the experience delightful was our waiter, Lawrence.  The way he described each dish, his adorable personality, and attention to every detail makes us want to go back and ask for a table in his section. At the end of our meal when he asked if we would be having dessert and we told him we couldn't because we had to make it to our show, he came back with two boxes of chocolate truffles so we could have a dessert to take with us!  Excellent 5 star service!  We wanted to stay an extra night just to eat there one more time.  The ambiance of the restaurant is unique and and elegant, and did I mention the martinis?  YUM. Super YUM!  The Strawberry Cruz is my favorite!
4	Delicious and well prepared vegan entrees, that are modified from the original menu items includes a delicious risotto starter.  The only downside is that while items like scallops are removed the wonderful curry dish and are replaced with tofu, the cost of the dish is the same, which at a whopping $38.00, is considerable with the ingredient alternations.
3	I came here for an early dinner before watching Mystere and got the tasting menu ($80/person). http://www.bellagio.com/files/restaurants/menu-sensi-tasting.pdfEh. I guess I had high expectations of this place because of its reviews. While the food was good, I wasn't blown away by any of the items that we received. I did enjoy the "crackers" that came with the naan though. The desserts were nothing special and highly disappointing. The portions are small, though our waiter claimed that they "increase with each course". Pfftt.Another note about our waiter. We just wanted water to drink and instead of offering us tap water like EVERY other table received at the time, he automatically brought us the $8 Acqua Panna bottle. Sigh. However, I do appreciate that he sped up our courses at the end (I notified him that we were going to be late for our show) and even had a box of chocolates and the check waiting for us upon completion of our meal.Bottom line: I would not come back nor suggest this place. There are definitely better places to eat in Vegas that are more worth your money.
4	While exploring The Bellagio, my beau and I came across this gorgeous, eye-catching restaurant. I'm a sucker for anything water-related, so one glance at the sleek, black water walls surrounding this place (the bar is a beauty too) and I immediately begged my boyfriend to bring us back for dinner. Luckily, we were catching Cirque du Soleil's "O" in the same place later that night, so we decided to add in a dinner date before the show.* Ambiance: With black water walls surrounding the exterior, boulder-like walls in the hosting area, and dimmed lighting, it almost feels like you're entering a cave. The inside of the restaurant is very sleek with just a delicate brush of modern Asian flair. I like that the sushi/seafood kitchen and wine cellar is enclosed in a glass room in the middle of the restaurant so you can watch the chefs at work.* Food: Since we were in a time crunch, we ordered wine and cold sake and went straight for entrees. I was sad I couldn't try any of the appetizer specialty rolls (they sounded divine!), but at least the complimentary hot-and-fresh-out-of-the-oven naan bread and sauces (I liked the Vietnamese sweet chili one the best) were delicious starters. I ordered the Miso Glazed Wild Salmon to pair with my glass of Sauvignon Blanc while my boyfriend opted for the Kalbi Flat Iron Steak. Both were *excellent* choices! When my plate arrived - fat, fluffy salmon cuts shimmering in the dim light due to the generous amount of miso glaze slathered on - I couldn't wait to dive in. My boyfriend's Kalbi steak was also delicious and perfect. If we had time to sample appetizers and desserts, I'd feel more confident in giving a Sensi a 5. I was at war with myself on whether we had time to get dessert (luckily, my beau is more practical than I am), but at least they sent us off with a small box of yummy chocolate truffles to munch on during "O"!* Service: All the staff members here were extremely pleasant. Top-notch service for a top-notch place! There was also a Bellagio photographer walking around offering to take pictures, and they turned out so nice that we figured "what the hell" and succumbed to buying two large photos for $45. There's my "we're in Vegas, baby!" attitude talking.I definitely recommend this restaurant if you're staying in The Bellagio. If not, it's worth a walk in the dry Vegas heat. ;)
5	Oh, strange sounds are forming as I'm thinking about my wonderful experience at Sensi.  My meal was amazingly decadent and delicious.  I'm already planning my next trip to Vegas just to stop in this restaurant for another meal and cocktail.  We had the TLC roll - Tempura lobster and crab with whipped avocado and siracha aioli.  Beautiful and delicious.  We also shared the steamed buns - so flavorful we thought of ordering a second round.  Finally we had pork potstickers, mmm mmmm.  Such an amazing meal.  I also had a cocktail - something Crush..vodka, crushed raspberries, mint and club soda, so refreshing.  It was an outstanding meal and I'll certainly make it my place to dine while in Vegas.  To top it off the restaurant was super sexy and sleek.  Loved that you could view the three kitchens all the way around from these gorgeous floor to ceiling windows.  Lovely lovely.
4	Food was so good!!!I would have given this place 5 stars, but there were 2 things that were not perfect for me.1)  The atmosphere is a little too quiet for me.  I mean, it is almost library quiet.  That's a wee bit odd for a Vegas restaurant.  2)  There is only 1 stall per sex.  This means there is a line constantly...and it wasn't all that clean.  Other than that, this place is spot on.  The decor is pretty and fun.  The staff is attentive and friendly.  The food is SOOOOO good.  We ordered so many things and I can't remember the names of all of them.  However, everything that we ordered was delicious...not one complaint!!!I will most likely return to Sensi and would recommend this restaurant.
3	I give Sensi 3 stars, my palate may be different than others, but when I pay for something more expensive than Outback, I expect something awesome.  The $32 I paid for my butter chicken was not worth it.  It was good, but I've had better at carry out/delivery indian places for half the price.  My husband had the steak, and he wasnt impressed with the Filet.  It seems here they just let the meat stand on its own, which is good for hardcore meat lovers, but he wanted some extra flavor.  The naan was awesome and the tomato chutney was as my husband says "the bomb"..The cool part about sensi is that the bill comes on fancy paper and in a backlit bill holder...they also gave us free chocolates at the end.
5	I was worried that nothing could come close to my absolutely amazing meal at Carnevino I had the night prior, boy was I pleasantly surprised!!! This place has it all: great drinks, great food and a great ambiance!!! If you like Gin, the Pear Blossom Martini is out of this world... I can't stop dreaming about it even weeks later! For dinner, I had the halibut and the mashed potatoes, both which were out of this world. Love everything about Sensi, and I will absolutely be back, probably the 2nd best dinner and dining experience I've ever had in my life.
5	We had an amazing one year anniversary dinner here!  I made reservations a few months in advance, since the Virtuoso Conference was taking place at Bellagio this week, and the restaurant closes for renovations next week.  Sporting my new necklace, aptly named the Showstopper, Eric R. escorted me to the beautiful Sensi restaurant.  We had Chef Ellamar's food before at a Project Dinner Table a few years ago, but had never been in the restaurant.  I also knew before ever entering that this is one of the most beautiful restaurants in terms of design.  We were seated in a beautiful room at a table facing the glass kitchen - what a great view!Immediately, Sanae, the Head Sommelier, brought us Gruet champagne as a celebratory gesture for our anniversary.  We almost had visited Gruet winery in Albuquerque on Monday, but ran out of time!  I decided to go with the tasting menu, and Eric R. decided to go a la carte.  He ordered the Roll Call appetizer, with a sample of each sushi roll (trout, salmon, tuna, and lobster), and the halibut with corn risotto and charred tomato vinaigrette.  My selections on the tasting menu included the kusshi oyster with ponzu and sriracha, roasted octopus, the Thai diver scallop with jasmine rice and bok choy, kalbi marinated kobe flat iron steak with bone marrow and kimchi with mashed potato, and strawberry shortcake with basil.Our server (I believe his name is Lawrence) was great.  He promised to alternate my courses with Eric's so we could have food at all times and sample each other's.  First, we received the famous bread basket with naan, papadums, cucumber raita, and tomato chutney.  As I anticipated from Misti Y.'s and Bobby Y.'s reviews, we were addicted to the tomato chutney...and refilled the chutney and the basket!  Then, the chef generously sent out oysters for each of us though only I was supposed to get one.  The kusshi are small and flavorful and the sauce was perfect!  Who doesn't love ponzu?  So fresh!  Sanae helped us choose a wine for the meal.  We split a glass of white from Santorini Greece that she recommended, and it was flavorful and easy to drink.Then Eric received his roll call.  He let me try a bite of one with ikura but I wanted him to enjoy his appetizer, which he definitely did.  He loved the tuna roll.  Next, I received my roasted octopus, adorned with fried capers, roasted red pepper, roasted potatoes, and strands of radicchio.  I love grilled octopus and roasted did not disappoint.  The restaurant generously provided potstickers also, which Eric enjoyed.  Then I received my scallop, which had a chile paste flavor (which I love), delicious charred haricort vert, and bok choy with radish sprouts.  The scallop was HUGE and perfectly cooked.  Then, Eric received his halbut (perfectly cooked also) and it was delicious and moist.Next I got my steak which was presented beautifully and secretly pre-sliced which made my life easier!  It was very tasty.  We were so full so we got what was left to go, knowing dessert was next.  Besides my shortcake, the restaurant gave us three other treats: donuts, raspberry-rhubarb mousse, and a chocolate caramel dessert.  Wow!  We were so full.  Then our server gave us chocolates and told us the meal was taken care of already by someone else!  It turns out my parents arranged with Sensi to surprise us!  It was such a shock - we were so surprised.  What a delicious and special experience to cap off a year of wedded bliss!  Thanks to Sensi, especially the manager, sommelier Sanae, our server Lawrence, and Chef Ellamar...and my parents!
5	Everything here is so delicious!  The seafood is tasty and fresh.  The decor is beautiful inside.
4	Wowza, this had to be my most decadent and delicious dinner while I was in Vegas! Everything from the decorum to the drinks to the food was exquisite. I love splurging on a dinner that I know I can't have anywhere else. I had the Miso Glazed Wild Salmon. It practically melted in my mouth. My friend had the lobster and spinach ravioli which was also incredible. My drink, Black Crush, was the perfect compliment. Even though we were pretty stuffed, we knew we had to share a dessert. I am thrilled that we did because the strawberry shortcake was worth every calorie. The traditional biscuits were rich and buttery and the whipped mascarpone with the berry compote and sweet basil left us salivating. I cannot recommend Sensi enough. It serves as a testament to the culinary superiority that Vegas offers. Worth every penny!
2	This was not our first experience at Sensi. We were fans from almost the day it opened at Bellagio several years ago. We had some extraordinary meals there. Maybe it was an off night, but our latest experience wasn't anything close to the Sensi we remembered from not even a year ago.  Ambiance and decor is still outstanding . . . and one of the few places in the area that is not overwrought with 20-something women in stilettos and men in their saggy jeans. There were ample items on the menu that sounded delicious, but in reality did not live up to our expectations. Unlike one of the previous posters, we found the Sensi Roll Call sampler almost too ambitious with a combination of flavors that left a sour aftertaste.  We also had the Sensi Original Noodle. While the combination of the various items reminded us of something along the line of a pad thai or chow fun type dish, it was actually heavily laden with cumin. Oh, how I wish the item description would have said so . . . cumin, while a great antioxidant, is one of my least favorite herbs . . . so disappointed.The house-made naan bread was stellar . . . I could have eaten at least two bread baskets all by myself! The best part of the entire meal . . . Unfortunately, the less than stellar food along with the surly manner of our waiter made for a very lackluster culinary experience.
2	Went here to grab an app and a drink while waiting for our reservations at Michael Mina. Ordered the dumplings which came just this side of lukewarm. Bartender could not have cared less when I mentioned it to him. I did ask him to make me a drink that he called his own and it was good but I couldn't tell you what it was.I won't be going back. Vegas has far too many restaurants with mind blowing food and service that there is no reason to risk being disappointed a second time here. Waste of Vegas time.
4	Planned my girlfriends birthday dinner here because she is a Japanese lover, but I also wanted us to have options. Sensi offered that as they are a fusion of Japanese and Italian food. The restaurant is beautiful, modern, and styled so that all its guests have a view of the kitchen. The kitchen is pretty much a glass box. We ordered two rolls, the chicken with risotto, glazed salmon and a size of mashed potatoes. Everything was delicious! Our favorite roll was the tuna something... I forgot the name, but definitely try the roll with the tuna. The chicken was juicy, but the risotto was kinda weird... The salmon was yummy as was the mashed potatoes. We also got dessert - the trio of gelato in the ice bubble. We got salted caramel, thai tea, and vanilla espresso. As a departing gift, our waiter gave us truffles! Great food and great service! Would come back again :)
5	Excellent! Great food / great service.
2	I rarely ever say this about a restaurant, but this is one is way overrated. It was a letdown, considering the Yelp reviews. But I'm beginning to not trust any Yelp reviews for Vegas spots. Something about Vegas and inflated Yelp scores...I got a $40-$50 steak. I was expecting awesome. I got "meh". My girlfriend didn't enjoy her overly-priced food either. I enjoyed the buffets way more than Sensi. I don't mind paying a lot for food, but the quality has to at least somewhat match. Not even close.I was so unimpressed that I still remember how disappointed I was a couple months later, as I write this review.
5	I just ate here with my sister last weekend. We stayed in the Bellagio and were walking by looking for an early dinner. We got right in at 6:15 pm for the tasting menu and wine pairing at Sensi. It started with the Thai coconut shrimp soup. Hands down the best soup we have ever had in our entire lives!!! We both are determined to find out the recipe. Mmmm. Next course was Flank steak with kimchi and tempura bone marrow. Delicious!! Didn't love the entire dessert, but the mango anglaise and rice pudding were yummy. Great job on the wine pairing too. I will come back for that soup again someday.
4	I'm not a huge Michael Mina fan, but have had a couple good meals at Arcadia in San Jose and Michael Mina when it was in the St. Francis. Was this a mind-blowing meal? No. Was this a great meal across a baffling menu that some how pulled off Seafood, Sushi/Rolls, Asian and Italian? Yes.Here were the highlights: - Spicy Diver Scallops - Tataki Roll - Yellowtail Sashimi  - Brussel Sprouts and Cipollini OnionsAte a bunch of other stuff, but none of that was really memorable/recommendable (if that's a word.
3	This place is Spendy with a capital S.  I knew that well before going in, but this is Vegas AND The Bellagio - so it has to be amazing, prepare to be blown away, right?  Wrong.I have had much better sushi and Asian fusion fare without paying an arm and a leg.My wife and I opted for the sushi sampler as an appetizer, we got 4 pieces of spicy mayonnaise-laden, eel sauce, all the standard sushi tricks on a fancy 4-tiered plate.The naan here is really good and filling, if it weren't for this, I would've had to stop for pizza on the way home.  I am a guy, and I do like to eat BTW.We got Miso Salmon as well as fried rice side, also got another main dish, but I can't remember because - well again, not memorable enough I guess.I think this place might be better sitting at the bar and having an app or two.  Skip dinner.
5	A classic tradition of my friends and family and I is to go to Sensi at the Bellagio.  The truth is that it is always a warm and emotional experience.  What a flavor and technique these guys employ!!!The menu changes seasonally, but they always find space for the octopus.  If anyone knows anything about octopus, they should know that it takes talent to get them to be tender and flavorful.  SENSI's octopii are stunning.  Once, my girlfriend and I were on our way to dinner, and she had to stop here first and eat a dish of octopus. I must mention that the bartenders are "born to be" bartendersl.  They are classy, attentive, and can talk to you about anything while still managing to fire out the most complex, incredible drinks.  Osval is one of my favorites... Truly a good man, if there are any.The bathroom is all black!  I do not know why I am attracted to this bathroom, but it definately is on my top 10 best bathroom list...  The Mandarin Oriental, The montage Hotel beverly hills, and the Encore hotel are also in my top ten.Sensi... Never jammed packed.  It is in a sweet spot of the Bellagio, away from the hustle and bustle of masses.Go get em'!
3	First, there are some outstanding dishes from sensi.  It's a cool concept restaurant combining Italian, Japanese, Thai, Indian, and Chinese. The complimentary bread basket with slices of naan bread and pappadam (fried version) with two dipping sauces (tamarind and raita) was unbelievably good and fresh - like straight from an oven. The other real good dish was the octopus salad - it had the softest, juiciest octopus pieces on a bed of greens and well seasoned roasted potatoes.  The small caper berries gave a nice acidic taste.The main entrees were decent, but not at the current price point I think.  Miso glazed salmon was flavored well but slightly overcooked, and could have benefited with a side of white rice to balance out the richness.  This made us order a side of fried rice which wasn't too special.  The short rib and butternut squash ravioli was good and colorful, as was the tandoori butter chicken with basmati rice.  Chicken was very juicy - we've had tandoori chicken and butter chicken as separate dishes but never as a hybrid dish!  Both of these dishes were over $30 each though.For dessert, the pistachio panna cotta was cold, smooth and delicious.  Had complex layers of berries and fruits between the green cream.  Presentation was absolutely beautiful.  Service and ambiance were great, and I like the open kitchen in the center of the restaurant.  The bathroom despite having only one stall was very clean and sleek looking.  They do give you a free that of truffle chocolates when you leave, which is great.Would give more stars at a lower price point - since appetizers are almost as expensive as the entrees.  Cocktails are expensive ($14 each), but you can opt for their excellent homemade ginger ale ($6).
2	Went here before seeing O. It was on the other side of the hotel from the show. Ordered the roll call (taste of their 4 sushi rolls) and yellowtail sashimi. Both were fishy and poor. Had a few other items which were unremarkable. The table next to us didn't seem to enjoy their food either. Waiter was nice. I would never recommend this place.
2	This review is for the bar only.  My bf and I went here on a Saturday night.  It was rather slow with two bartenders.Drinks were good, but the service was lackluster.  The bartenders weren't attentive.
5	I'd decided to take my family here for dinner since the line at Noodles were too long.  I'm so glad that I did.  The entire experience was superb. Our waiter was super attentive and friendly.  Their bread of choice is Naan bread, and there was actually an Indian guy behind the glass baking the bread. It was superb. I had the pork chop, wife had the salmon, and the kids shared a noodle plate. Ordered a couple of appetizers also. Everything was simply great. I wish I could eat here everyday. I know where I'm dining next time I'm in Vegas...
4	Nice place and not too overpriced for Bellagio. I had the miso glazed salmon and it was delicious. Nice ambience and great service.
5	Sensi is a TRUE treat. My family and I have now had three consecutive, flawless experiences at Sensi and this establishment has now worked its way into my top 5 favorite dinner options in Sin City. First of all, the setup of the restaurant is beautifully executed-- four different specialty kitchens (all open and just covered by glass) work together to create quite the memorable experience. On this last trip, we were right in front of the naan station. OH, THE NAAN. Standby for further gushing. (On a side note, I'm always a tad amused at the comparison of the kitchens to a zoo-- patrons at Sensi can just walk around the entire enclosure and watch the chefs at work. A very neat, transparent way to dine!)The decor of the restaurant conveys a semi-upscale and classy ambiance without any stuffiness or pretentious vibes. Their drinks and desserts are all on display via iPad (nice technological touch). Our water glasses were always full and napkins were refolded upon every restroom break or chef-watching walk. Now, the food is really what continues to amaze me here. The table first starts off with a basket of naan (an Indian bread). I am the biggest sucker for naan, and this IS the best I have ever had. This last time, we were given three baskets, and I am pretty sure that I ate probably 80% of each basket...whoops. I was so full once my dish came out but I kept powering through. I repeat: THE BEST NAAN EVER. Sometimes, I think that Sensi is worth the visit for this alone. The menu is split into four different categories/cuisines, so there is a lot to offer to even the pickiest diner. Some of our favorite dishes: Appetizers:+TLC Roll: Tempura Lobster and Crab sushi roll. There are only four total pieces, but they are excellent. Served with dabs of avocado whipped cream of sorts and some bite-y aioli. +Coconut and Shrimp Soup: If I could eat this soup every day for the rest of my life, and nothing else, I would live happily. A downright delicious coconut broth, slammed with different shoots of mushrooms, large shrimp, and a few tapioca balls (like those in Boba tea). Then, this smorgasbord is put into a fresh young coconut. MMMMMNOTE: (-)Crispy shrimp: We tried this app, but these were actually a disappointment. Way too crunchy and the only dish we haven't liked here. Main:+Sensi Noodles: The Sensi Noodles are amazing and is a fitting Asian dish to complement any other non-Asian dishes you may order. Served lo mein style with several prawns and a perfect balance of flavors with the noodles. +Butternut Squash Ravioli: Talk about a tasting overload! I cannot recall having a dish where so many flavors have been incorporated so effectively yet not taking away from the dish; I have a tough time explaining the dish as there were so many different elements and components making up everything besides the raviolis. Mushrooms, a few purple potatoes, spaghetti squash, etc... all basking in the perfect amount of flavorful cream sauce...I don't know what else I can say to do this dish justice! +My dad got the rib-eye on our last experience and woooow, I did not expect this piece of meat to be THIS good. I'm typically not a big fan of rib-eye cuts due to the high fat content, but this one was just right. My dad's only advice was to get half of the normal amount of seasoning on the steak..he said it was a little too salty for him. Otherwise, this had the tenderness of a filet and was packed with flavor! Also, the kitchen cooked it to perfection (medium-rare-plus). Dessert: +Sensi Ice Bubble: A legitimate ice sculpture bigger than my head, hollowed out and filled with three scoops of sorbet or gelato-- wonderful presentation and even more wonderful taste! I love the mango sorbet and pistachio gelato. +Coffee and Donuts: Six sugar-dusted beignet donuts served with a Bailey's frozen cappuccino of sorts. A nice cap on dinner!  We have had a waiter by the name of Laurence every time, and he is simply fantastic. He is a very vocal Englishman, but is exceedingly knowledgeable of the menu and one can easily see that he truly loves what he does each and every day. Request him for some high energy at your table! Overall, Sensi is a place I will continue to visit each time I'm in Vegas. Give them a shot, I bet you won't leave disappointed!
4	Been here two times now. Everytime we go Las Vegas, we eat here. Love their menu. Food was always delicious.
5	2nd time was a charm.  Maybe the average impression for the first time was because it was not long after its opening, and it was for lunch.  But the 2013 dinner visit proven to be a good surprise.  7 dishes and 2 round of drinks later, we can not think of anything that could have been done better, except a mess up on the red wine we ordered.  Look forward to many happy returns.
5	Sensi is an intimate, classy place to stop for dinner when visiting the Bellagio. Instead of bread they serve naan and some sort of delicious chips along with a yogurt sauce and mango chutney. Brilliant! These flavors to start are different from the typical bread before a meal and really get things moving in an interesting direction. I had the butternut squash ravioli which was excellent. It is paired with a braised shortrib, which is a perfect combination. The cream sauce, shortrib, and ravioli create such an interesting flavor explosion! There are hazlenuts in the sauce that give it a perfect crunch. Flavor and texture: A++! The wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable. They were extremely attentive. The menu is a bit pricey but delicious nonetheless so don't pass it up. If you don't go for dinner, absolutely get here for the dessert. The hazlenut and milk dessert was literally the best thing I've ever eaten. It is crispy and chewy, sweet and salty. This dessert is sheer genius! Go go go! You will not be disappointed!
5	AWESOME!  One of the friendliest, classiest, and best tasting experiences I had in the past year.  Not cheap - but I dont like cheap food (lifes too short for that.)  I had the roasted octopus, Niman pork chop, and a bite of my brothers incredible ribeye.  Gorgeous decor too - take your lover here for a night to remember.ALSO - I dont eat any grains  - (PALEO) and they were very accommodating.
5	Wow.  Sensi is a great concept - separate kitchens for different types of food.  American grill, seafood, Italian and Asian.  The restaurant, located in the Bellagio, has a clean style that really works - at first I thought all the glass could be antiseptic looking but no, not at all.  The water on the walls is an especially nice touch.  We were seated and quickly met our awesome waiter, Lawrence.  Lawrence knew the menu inside, out and backwards and made a few suggestions.  We started with samosas for the table that were perfectly prepared with an excellent tamarind sauce.  I probably could have stopped there because we were also given papadums and naan with a sublime tomato chutney and yogurt cucumbar raita.  Three in our group ordered the coconut shrimp soup and haven't shut up about it yet.  Served in an almost entirely scraped coconut you can scrape a little for extra flavor.  The presentation was beautiful and they still haven't shut up about how great the soup tasted.For dinner our party of six (our exchange student has a friend living in Vegas and she was able to meet up with us for dinner) was all over the menu.  K and N went with the butternut squash lasagna which was beautifully presented and delicious.  The other teenager in our group went with the chicken off of the Italian menu and loved it.  We had one seafood dish.  My friend and I both got the tandoori butter chicken curry.  Wow.  As a lover of Indian food I wasn't sure what to expect.  Mind blowing is what you should expect.  It was incredible - soft and perfectly seasoned and over a perfectly cooked rice.No room for dessert, as usual.  Definitely put Sensi on your list of places to eat while in Vegas.
5	We were in Vegas for business, and we were sent off in small groups all over Vegas to get to know people better.  Our group of 10 ended up at Sensi and, WOW.  The food was exceptional.  Dinners ran about $50 plus any sides, we ordered 5 appetizers and meal, and never let it be said we forgot wine, and everyone had a wonderful dinner.  Pricy but wonderful.  I think it was about 1800.00 for the 10 of us, but in all honesty that's less than $200 a person... Ok when I say that out loud it sounds ridiculous, thank god for the company credit card!We started off with the Seafood Platter, the Wood Roasted Mussels, and the mussels, shrimp and lobsters were swimming around in the tank near our table, prior to being placed on our table... i mean to say Fresh!  The Brussels sprouts were to die for, and I had the Porcini Rubbed Ribeye and it was devine.  My husband had the Niman Ranch Pork Chops and he cleaned his plate.  The wines were great, the service was excellent.  We didn't have room for desert, so I can't speak to that.  I'm sure they desserts are delightful.   I would recommend Sensi to anyone, seriously, go have a grand meal.
1	In Vegas this past weekend we were excited to eat at Sensi.  After being seated at our table, in a restaurant that was half empty, we waited over an hour for our food to arrive.  Our waitress, who appeared bored and uninterested,  explained to us that the kitchen was busy, but  seeing that the restaurant was not full, we knew that was not the case.Our food arrived, cold, and had to be sent back.We go to Vegas often and love to try new restaurants.Sensi is one restaurant, however, that we will NOT return to, nor will we recommend it to our friends.
5	Sensi is so so so good. I was in Vegas for work last week, and my co-workers were craving Asian for dinner. I found Sensi on Yelp, and it completely exceeded my expectations. It's pricey for sure, but they have some surprisingly affordable bottles of wine (ours was only $40 - much cheaper than 4 glasses at the hotel bar). The sushi is unreasonably high in price, but worth ordering if someone else is paying! I ordered the cedar plank salmon with polenta for dinner and I was in heaven. I pretty much licked my plate before letting my very kind and very attentive server take it away. if you are high-rollin' in the city of sin, you MUST eat here!
4	Sensi is one of the classiest Asian fusion restaurants. This was the 2nd time my husband and I visited this delicious restaurant. Expect a pricey bill! But you get what you pay for. We scarfed down the pork potstickers like it was our last meal. Seriously, they were unreal. I ordered the Filet Mignon but substituted the peppercorn sauce for the black truffle bearnaise sauce. SUCH a good decision.The atmosphere is very inviting. For the Sunday night we went, it was very quiet and enjoyable. I love being able to see the kitchen at work with the glass walls in the middle. It's fun to see your food prepared.Our server was very kind and helpful in our ordering. He didn't pop by too many times, but we were enjoying a quiet dinner to ourselves after a long weekend, so it was appreciated. Overall, I highly recommend this place. And if your stomach isn't exploding afterward, I recommend the Ice Bubble--sorbet and/or gelato served in a large ice bowl. You will walk away a happy person.
3	The Brussell spouts side dish was to die for. Everything else was just "okay". I don't think I would go here again. Too many other amazing restaurants at The Bellagio to enjoy an expensive meal.
5	Absolutely terrific meal. We started with a seafood platter that was second to none. I had a salmon with miso glaze that they cooked rare for me, it may have been the best salmon I ever had. I highly recommend this restaurant, just don' t stay at the Bellagio.
5	Awesome spot in Vegas! All of their dishes were prepared nicely and tasted great. Servers were very friendly too. I'll definitely be back to this place on a future Vegas trip.
5	Loved this restaurant!We came here before going to a concert at Mandalay Bay.  They offered a pre-theater menu with 3-courses.First course: Thai coconut and shrimp soup served in a coconut with lemongrass.  The flavors worked so well and took me back to Southeast Asia immediately.Second course: Kalbi-style flat iron steak served with kimchi and grilled bok choy and tempura bone marrow.  The beef was marinated really well and flavorful.Third course: Tapioca pudding served with mango lassi and coconut sorbet.  The trio worked really well since you go from sweet to sour to sweet and back and forth.  Lol.Our waiter also surprised me with and additional dessert for my Birthday.  It was 3 scoops of gelato served in an ice sculpture and a candle!  It included pistachio, mango, and lime gelato.Wonderful experience and atmosphere.
2	Great atmosphere, good service, but food was over priced and mediocre. My hubby and I came here for our first meal in Vegas. Being a fusion restaurant it was right up our alley. Now, keep in mind, we live in Chicago and consider ourselves to be foodies... So we were expecting to really like this place.The atmosphere was great- I love seeing the kitchen and the fish tanks,, but the food was just boring.the best part was the Naan and papper indian bread basket... The two chutneys were delicious- this was the highlight of the mealWe got about 4 apps as our meal and shared.. Shrimp, yellow fin tuna, lobster noodles and a roll.They only good one was the yellow fin tuna. The others were really bland. No pop of flavor or anything to really make the meal memorable... My advice is to skip this place-- or just get the tuna and snack in the naan and chutney
5	Loved, loved coming here!  My boyfriend and I are definitely foodies, and we've been to a couple of great spots in Las Vegas.  We decided to give Sensi a try and were so glad we did.First, the restaurant itself is beautiful!  The glass looking into the kitchen is very cool, and I like that you can see everything being made.  Our waiter encouraged us to get up and walk around, although I felt a little weird being so voyeuristic.  But let me get back to our waiter, Lawrence, who knew the menu inside and out and really made our dining experience fabulous!  I told him what type of cocktail I was looking for (tequila) and he suggested a drink with tequila, cherry brandy, muddled cherries, lime, etc.  I can't remember the name but it was very good.  My boyfriend had bourbon and they were generous with the pour.When the naan bread came out, I figured out what everyone had been talking about.  And the tomato chutney... to die for!  I pretty much knew I wanted to try the TLC Roll, because every other Yelper has made it clear it's phenomenal.  Totally right on that front- amazing!  I also had the ricotta ravioli.  The plates were small but great for sharing.  My boyfriend had the filet, and it was cooked perfectly medium-rare.  He also orderd the loaded mashed potatoes, which were really decadent.  We opted out on dessert but were brought a trio of ice cream/sorbet anyway since I mentioned we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday.  Really thoughtful.  I may still be dreaming about the pistachio ice cream, and I don't even like pistachios.  It was seriously that good!The bill was pricy but I do believe you get what you pay for.  We had a wonderful time and it was the perfect way to end our trip.  We'll be going back for sure!
5	AMAZING!! I am vegan and had plenty of food to eat here. They have a beautiful ambiance our waiter was exceptionally friendly and their food appearance was on point. We had a reservation for 645 and it was kind of empty but even by 8 when we left there was still open seating. The entries are pricey upper 30-50 so we only ordered appetizers but we were full off of that!  I can't wait to go back here. The Nan bread at the beginning was fantastic, having been to India I can say it tastes like the real deal! If you have the time and money to spend I would spend it here, take your time and enjoy the view watching to cooks cook and the people eating as the kitchen is a in a glass box in the center of the restaurant .
3	Beautiful setting..my husbands lamb was one of the bests I have ever tasted. I had the chicken the risotto and vegetable were wonderful, chicken was dry...mentioned it to waiter, they compt my glass of wine I had ordered.... As I poured the wine I noticed a large amount of sediment.. Was total that was normal???? As I drank the last sip of wine I almost choked had to spit it out into my napkin so much sediment ....so dissatisfied !!!! A high end restaurant  that should be more careful with many things.
4	Really yummy...we got there a few mins before our reservation and they had just opened but they didn't make us wait long at all.  We were seated in the back but had full view of the open kitchen.  Their kitchen is breathtaking, I would love to work at a place like that so clean and it looks so efficiently run.  As we sat down our waiter (forgot his name, but remembered he was from LA as his name tag said) came to greet us instantly.  The customer service here is impeccable, the waiters, the host, and the busboys are amazing.  We never really had to ask for anything, they just came.  First came the bread bowl, which was naan, sooo good.  The spice tomato chutney that they have is to die for, sweet and spicy.  I could eat that forever.  We ordered the roll call (one of each roll) which was good except it would have been nice if all four were not fried rolls.  We also had the grilled octopus (the BF loved this one with the saffron aioli) and the bone marrow (which was nice because you could actually eat this one, they didn't use the skimpy bone marrow).  We also had some oysters, so fresh!  And we finished it off with their fried rice.  This was by far my favorite, it was nice because it was surprisingly sweet but not too much that it didn't feel like something my grandma used to make.We will be back in the future :)
3	3.5 Stars...First impressions are everything and so when the boyfriend and I walked in ready to have a nice belated birthday dinner...we were NOT impressed.I had a reservation at 7 and so when we approached the hostess we told her we had a reservation she just kind of just told us "okay, it will be a few minutes" which was fine, however her tone was as if we were bothering her.  I'm normally NOT picky or particularly bitchy when it comes to service however at a 5 star restaurant at a 5 star hotel I expected much more.We were finally seated (after seating 5 other parties before us) in the very very very back.  Not a problem however there were a ton of empty tables. My boyfriend even made a comment about how shitty the service was for how empty the restaurant was.The cocktail menu came on an iPad which I thought was cool and cheesy at the same time.  I had the black crush.  For food we ordered:Yellowtail sashimi appetizer - SO GOOD with the citrusMiso glazed Salmon - SO TENDER and SO YUM.Niman ranch Porkchop - also really good and perfectly cookedDessert was pistachio panna cotta...which was definitely different.  It wasn't particularly bad but also wasn't that memorable.  The presentation surpassed the flavor.Sidenote: the tomato chutney with the naan is TO DIE FOR. I could have eaten it all night long!Overall, the food was good but was it worth the price? No. Will I recommend it to friends? Perhaps. But I probably will try something else in Vegas.
4	We celebrated a birthday (group of 7) and were pleased they sat our group at a nice, large, out of the crowd table.  The staff was great at explaining each dish and checking in with us throughout the meal.The food was great.  Interesting combinations that made up wonderful dishes.  A bit on the pricey side, but you are paying for great food and ambiance.
2	This place has changed for the worst since I last dined here a few years ago. It was our ultimate place to dine when ever we were in Vegas. Unfortunately, the food now suck big time. Every dish lacked flavor and service was a big miss. Who ever gave this place a 4/5 star recently and raved about the food in their reviews might be lacking taste buds. Stay away, go to Olives instead. You've been warned.
3	I love eating and trying different restaurants, especially in Vegas. I can here for dinner a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend. The decor is cool the servers & host were friendly, but I the food was good/okay. I had the miso glazed salmon, way to SALTY. My boyfriend had a roll and it was alright.  This place is good but I don't think ill be returning.
5	The food is fab.  To try many things, we ordered appetizers and sides, all enabled by an awesome waiter, Lawrence.   You must try the TLC roll, pot stickers, fried rice.  Atmosphere very cool..glass walled kitchen.   Don't miss this gem in the Bellagio!
5	The best dining experience during my last trip to Las Vegas was here at Sensi.  Everything from the food, service, and ambiance was just simply awesome!Sensi is a little hard to spot inside Bellagio.  You don't really notice any signage for it on the casino floor and I even asked one waitress where it was and she had no idea!  Just keep walking past the Conservatory of Flowers and Jean Phillippe Patisserie and you'll find it!The layout of the restaurant is pretty cool in that all of the kitchen stations are visible in the middle of the dining room showing all diners all the action behind the kitchen.http://bit.ly/11E6B4CI've done some research before my trip and already knew what I was getting, which were the Roll Call, which is a sampler of all their Sensi Rolls, and their Famous Wok LobsterRoll Call - Sensi Roll Sampler -- http://bit.ly/ZgsTuzTataki Roll - seared spicy tuna roll, tuna tartare, miso ponzuTLC Roll - tempura lobster & crab, whipped avocado, chili aioliIda Roll - smoked idaho trout, horseradish white soyGreen Roll - jumbo asparagus, roasted shiitakes.I totally enjoyed each roll but I'd have to say my fave was definitely the Tataki Roll.  It was so creamy and delicate and had a nice solid flavor with the tuna and ponzu.  This made for a great appetizer and is a great offering if you can't decide which Sensi Roll to get.  Each piece is a pretty substantial size.Famous Wok Lobster --  http://bit.ly/11dulIcChili & licorice glaze, baby bok choy, fried shallots.OMG!!  It was exactly like the how the pictures were with the interesting plating of the lobster.  This was amazing and the lobster was cooked perfectly.I wasn't too sure if I was going to order dessert but after seeing their dessert menu on their iPad, I was definitely tempted and settled with their Signature Tapioca Puddinghttp://bit.ly/14RPb2dSignature Tapioca Pudding with Mango Lassi and Coconut Sorbet -- http://bit.ly/11duonkThis was a pretty heavy dessert with a lot going on.  And everything was delicious!  Probably the best part though was the Coconut Sorbet.  It was so good!  This was a good dessert to finish off my meal since it had right amount of sweetness to counter the savory lobster taste.After an awesome experience like this, I'm definitely going to consider coming back here again.  It certainly lives up to the high standards of Bellagio's restaurant collection.
4	We only had drinks at the bar and it was about what I'd expect from a bar in the Bellagio.  The bartenders were nice enough, but stuck up.  The drinks were actually strong, but didn't taste all that great and they were way overpriced.  Had my expectations been set for home or somewhere more reasonable and normal, the rating would be lower; but for Las Vegas, in the Bellagio, it's a four-star place.
5	Great food. I'm pescetarian, but not too fond of octopus. This was best octopus I have tried in my whole life! The roti and masala was great, as was the lobster. Didn't take any pictures because the food was gone before I could pull out my camera!
5	I cannot sing Sensi's praises enough.  I've been twice now, once in October '12 and once in June '13, and both experiences were perfect.  Great service, wonderful food.  The prices are high, but more on the high-end of average for restaurants on The Strip.Highly recommended!
4	I keep forgetting to post my review! Here goes people!!!Sensi is a beautiful restaurant tucked down a hallway in the Bellagio hotel. Four Diamond restaurant = superb customer service + delicate food.  I've had the pleasure of dining in the private dining room, at the bar and in the dining room. An open kitchen sits in the middle of the main dining room so you can watch the chefs at work. Watching them make the naan bread is entertaining AND makes my mouth water! Sensi is super luxurious, clean and crafty. Asian fusion restaurants usually scare me, but I'm surprised by how comforting Sensi made me feel. I blame it on the ambiance! Their menu offers various flavors for even the most discerning palates. The lobster (think the one I had was a special of the day because it wasn't on the menu. This was in 2008 though) and any of the steaks =YUM! The portions aren't out of control big which gives you plenty of room to indulge in dessert. House made ginger ale is refreshing and a must for ginger ale fans. OH! The menu changes often. I assume they do this based on availability of product.Conclusion:  Pricy, but magical. Worth a try if you have the dough to spend :)
2	Came in here for dinner and was not impressed. The waiter was rude and only came to our table every 20 minutes. The one bright spot was the naan bread that they give before your meal. The food came and went from ok to fair, not at all worth the outrageous prices. Although the decor and ambiance is nice, this is definitely not worth going again.
3	Went in for some apps and drinks.  We had the OX tail and coconut soup.   The Ox tail was good, the bread shell the ox tail was in was so soft.  The coconut soup was just ok, I found it very thin and lacking any real favor.  The appeal of the soup was that it came in a coconut, other then that skip the coconut soup.  The ox tail is worth a try.
5	I loved everything about Sensi. The balance of flavors, the service ( our waiter Laurence was so knowledgeable and entertaining), the venue- it's pretty tucked away in the back of Bellagio, but you feel worlds away from everything. Very open and airy, after being in the scorching hot Vegas sun and the smokey casinos. We had:- Blackberry cocktails (with Hangar One vodka- can't go wrong here!!)- Naan bread: mix the two sauces it comes with, yum!- TLC roll: very flavorful, a little bit crispy. Delicious.- Avocado beignets : I've never had fired avocado before, but this was yummy, especially with the tomato sauce they serve it with. - Oxtail buns: these were very very heavy but so flavorful.- Filet Mignon, with sides of mushrooms, fried rice, and broccoli. The filet was good, though a tad dry ( and I order mine medium rare). Mushrooms were amazing. Fried rice also good. Broccoli was a bit bland, but I was so overwhelmed with the other amazing flavors that that was somehow bound to happen.We didn't have room for dessert, but they gave me a little parting gift of delicious truffles. I always appreciate small gestures like that. Check out Sensi- you won't regret it!
4	Kumamoto oysters: super fresh, delicious, and goes well with their vinegar, ponzu, and honestly I don't know what else - but I enjoy my raw oysters. Can't go wrong.Cedar Plank Tuna: cooked perfectly (medium rare) and positioned between two delicious pieces of crispy polenta. A perfect balance of creamy, luscious, fresh, and all sorts of beautiful textures and flavors.Also had a cocktail, can't remember what it was called but it was also bomb - fresh, tangy, not tooooo strong but also did its job.I came here on a half-full stomach... so I couldn't eat as much as I wanted to but whatevas. Next time!PS. Beautiful decor!
5	Spot shrimp, Asian lobster, European sea bass with crispy skin. All perfect. Naan bread with dipping sauces were wonderful. Service was spot on. This is a great Vegas dinning spot. You will pay a lot but less then a few other places in the hotel.
5	DinnerFirst off, this place is absolutely gorgeous! The decor was very earthy, water here, stones there, and wooden menus. I felt so relaxed, kind of reminded me of a really nice spa. So 5 star for the decor and ambience.FOOD: You get naan and this flat crispy bread (forgot what it was called) with side sauces of cucumers and/or chutney... the sauce was so flavorful. I liked both sauces, especially the chutney. Embarrassingly, my friend and I liked it so much that we had them pack the sauce and bread for us... no shame, haha.  I ordered TLC Roll and the Scuna Bay Salmon. The TLC roll was very good. It was crispy on the outside and there was avocado puree and chili aioli on the side. The avocado puree was amazing, I was drenching my roll with the puree. So delicious! Also, the scuna bay salmon was cooked to perfection. It was lightly crispy on the outside, but extremely soft, smooth, and moist on the inside. The texture was perfect. After dinner, we did not order any desserts, however; our server (who is amazing) gave my friend and I 2 pieces of truffles each. I didn't really see anyone else get the chocolate? Maybe we were girls or maybe the server pulled some strings for us? Not sure... but the truffles were amazing, so smooth and it just melts in your mouth. SERVICE: Very attentive and very sweet servers! I loved their company.
1	MGM bought them out, and now they are terrible.  Management is great, but powerless.  Nothing was good, except the Red Wine and Scotch.  Too Bad.  They did refund my money, however, which I did not want, but was a nice gesture.  You can't give me back a night in vegas at a great restaurant, which is what I wanted to have, however.  I think they care, I just don't think they can do anything about it.  Too bad- used to be a good place.  Sorry Sensi.
5	My wife and I are vegetarian so I emailed SENSI Executive Chef Roy a month prior to our visit to ask if he could accommodate us because their regular menu that I found on-line did not reveal a lot of vegetarian options. He responded almost immediately with a list of about ten vegetarian dishes. I followed up with: "They all sound wonderful, can you create a vegetarian multi-course tasting for us?" Of course he said yes and on August 7 he served us a seven-course meal; each dish paired with wine. The experience was phenomenal. Highlights for us included his Melon Salad with Smoked Peaches, Sweet Corn Risotto with Fava Beans, and English Pea Soup with Smoked Morel Mushrooms and Cherry Tomatoes but all seven courses were stellar. Because our meal was a special request, he copied his management staff, so everybody was on board with what we were doing and the entire process was seamless and perfect. Service was friendly and attentive. The restaurant is gorgeous and the kitchen is glassed in so that you can see the kitchen staff cooking, but they can see you too. Each time we took a first bite of a dish, we saw Chef Roy watch us for our expression. I think he was happy. I know we were.
4	OK Food, GREAT Service!I ate here on my own one night while my traveling companions are seeing a show. Being a foodie I was looking forward to treating myself to some great food. Unfortunately, the food did not really deliver what I was looking for. The best part of the meal was the naan bread and dessert. I ordered the TLC Lobster Roll and Skuna Salmon as per the waiter's recommendation. The TLC Roll had some great flavours going on but the rice was very undercooked to the point that is what hard to chew and very chalky. The filling was great but it was ultimately brought down by the rice. The salmon was cooked to perfection and had a beautiful crisp on the top. The first few bites were delicious but the very simple flavour profile got repetitive halfway through and the sweetness I originally loved about the dish started to make me feel a bit nauseous. I wanted a "wow" dish and this was just a simple salmon that I can cook myself at home. So although pretty good it was a letdown.For dessert I had the Chocolate Delight which was great. Not the best dessert I've ever had but the level of complexity in this dessert was what I was hoping I'd have in all 3 courses. It had a great variety of textures and flavours that all balanced each other perfectly. I also had a cocktail called The Matador that was pretty good. If I had based this review on food alone I would have given this place 3 stars because my whole meal was good but nothing special. Maybe it's because I come from a city renowned for it's restaurants and am used to a higher standard but this was all pretty standard stuff. The big highlight of this place and the reason I gave it 4 stars was the exceptional service. I was checked on very often and the waiters and busboys were extremely cordial. The little truffle box that everyone gets with their bill is also a nice touch that put a smile on all their faces. A big thank you once again to the entire staff at Sensi who make every diner feel like a guest of honour.
5	Food was delicious! Recommend: risotto starter, fresh oysters, avocado beignets, pork chop and ANY of the desserts. Met Chef Roy and he was just a sweetheart! Personally brought out our dessert and I was very impressed! Definitely coming back soon.
5	My husband and I had drinks at the bar and we had a wonderful time! All the wall/waterfalls make for a really serene environment :)Our cocktails were exquisite and reasonably priced for drinks on the Strip! I had a pear cocktail; the initial flavor was sweet and tasted just like a fresh pear! but then it transforms into a citrus-y kick. I found it very refreshing! BUT HOLD UP WAIT A MINUTE... My hubby got the Ginger Grant... and OMG, I have never had a ginger cocktail before, but it was AMAZING: sweet and a little spicy! Yum! I am definitely getting the Ginger Grant next time ;)So, if you're a fan of ginger candy like me, I highly encourage you to go to Sensi and try the Ginger Grant! :D
5	CELEBRATINGFor the past three birthday celebrations, it has been at Sensi with Executive Royden Ellamar ( Hilo). I normally let him do his thing. This time it's his tasting menu with the following:- Oyster with ponzu sauce (extraordinary)- Heirloom Tomato,heirloom melon, burrata cheese with balsamic vinegar- Shrimp two ways (sorry bad photo)- Chimichurri with ponzu sauce (afterwards nothing but a clean plate)- Octopus salad with aioli (sexy and delicious)- Ricotta cheese ravioli with bacon and peas sauce with butter (delightful)- Halibut with shellfish risotto (moist and perfection)- Miso based salmon with vegetables (PNW connection)- Goat with Polenta (slow cooked and viciously eaten)- Lamp Chop with vegetables (lamb lover's dream)Dessert (no dessert tree this time)- Ice Bubble filled with Lemon, Coconut and Mango - Peaches and Creams- Coffee Mousses and Donuts (Malasadas)Congratulations to Chef Ellamar who is not only one LAS top ten best chef but also achieved national acclaim by winning top chef award on food network's "Chopped" February 2013. Didn't realize that Sensi traditionally closes for vacation for fourteen days during the latter half of August plus the last week of November into the first week of December. It so happens that our dinner is during the first day back from vacation.  Unfortunately, Yu-go chauffeur's BD is on a day they'll be closed during the first part of December.
4	The last time I was in Las Vegas, I had lunch here before flying out. The food was memorably delicious!
5	I don't normally right reviews but in this case I had to make an exception.  Everything at this restaurant was top notch from the look of the restaurant and the service was spot on. I am not a wine drinker but having an in house sommelier is definitely a plus.  Lets talk about the food.  I had the butter chicken curry and it was fantastic.  It was literally the best curry I have ever tasted.  I loved it so much I decided to eat at the restaurant again and I ordered the curry again.  I had to meet the executive chef and he was warm and friendly.  All in all this restaurant does not disappoint.  Do yourself a favor if your tired of buffets and want a great meal try the Sensi at the Bellagio.
3	Fell short of expectations. Oysters were tiny! Their Lobster tempura roll was ok not as good as a sushi restaurant would do. Miso glazed salmon was okay not as tasty as I've had. The sides of cilantro lime rice , mashed potato and broccoli were excellent.
5	Went to Vegas for my birthday weekend and this was hands down my favorite restaurant. Wonderful service by not only our waiter but every employee. My boyfriend and I both ordered the Miso Salmon and it was fantastic! They also have us truffles to go :)
3	Identity crisis anyone? Not really sure what direction they were headed with their menu. I love asian fusion but this place was off in left field IMO. It was like Japanese, Korean, Italian and American all mashed into one, and they did not excel in a single category. I almost felt like I was at a buffet. Cocktail list has some amazing fresh cocktails and martinins. Menu was very strange to me. We ordered off their "to share" or small plate listing, a few nice things but for the most part it was blah. i was most disapointed with my ahi tuna which I ordered medium rare but came out one half being raw and the other half well done...I guess if I average the two I get medium rare???? Service was great, i will give them that.
5	I was looking forward to coming to Sensi for a while.  Finally came by last Friday and was not disappointed at all!From the hostess to the busboy, everything was perfection.  Every one of the staff were super friendly, polite and very welcoming.  The food was AMAZING!  Everything was fresh and tasted insanely good!  This is one of those places that I will be coming back to every time I come to Vegas.  We ordered...Pinot Grigio Feluga - very goodTLC Roll - fresh and full of flavorYellowtail Sashimi - fresh and perfectly spicedProsciutto - came on a toast with cheese and fig jam.  very savory.Miso Salmon - incredible!!!Kennebec Fries - with truffle sauce which made it the BEST fry experience ever!After dinner we couldn't eat dessert.  Our waiter handed us a small bag of truffles which we ate later in our room.  They were so good that I want to go back and buy some.  Simply AMAZING!!!I would recommend Sensi to any TRUE FOODIE!It's not the most romantic spot but it's very Zen decorated and calming.  Great place for couples, friends and family
4	Great meal! Wonderfully attentive staff. Free champagne glass when we went. The coolest part was the menu. Four different cuisines, so you can go when no one in ur group can decide on what they want. The bread served at the beginning (naan and papadum) is Indian and totally earned some extra stars in my book. The one missing star was for the shortage of vegetarian dishes on the menu. I had the ravioli which was very very good. Just cooked perfectly and enough flavor with all the veggies. We also had the tempura asparagus which was wonderful. Highly suggest going. (And I just realized I never asked for a vegetarian menu, so they may have more options if I go back)
5	Everything I ate was so rich, and full of an array of flavors! Beyond delicious! I had the Farmers Salad and the Gnocchi. Yum!
2	Sensi, located in the Bellagio hotel, offers fusion style cuisine spanning Asian, Indian and North American styled food. The setting is quite neat with a combination of unique open kitchen styled environment and a softer water/fountain backdrop. Service is solid with good knowledge of the cuisine. That being said, many of the appetizers were not prepared to standard and even the waiter had to comment that some of our dishes were of poor quality and needed further time to prepare. At that point, he did offer an additional appetizer to pass the time, but should have compensated us on the misstep (remember this is considered a "higher end" establishment). Overall, the appetizers lacked creativity and in many cases were just poor (e.g. a version of Chinese buns). That being said, the Naan bread was good and the sauces had some nice flavor.The main courses were generally Meh. The salmon, crispy skin style preparation, lacked flavor and a unique presentation. I really thought it was a poor dish. The wines were excellent, but I found the Sommelier just OK. He really didn't have a good understanding of the wines but their wine list was varied and had both value and premium selections.I did appreciate the fact they host children under the age of six. This is a rarity in Las Vegas and should be noted. Enjoy Las Vegas!
5	My husband and I went here on Sunday night for his birthday dinner because he was in the mood for Asian-fusion.  The food was delicious, but I didn't think there was much "fusion" on the menu.  The wine and dessert list are presented to you on an ipad where you can look at pictures of cocktails and the desserts.  They serve naan and papadum to start.  For an appetizer, we shared the prosciutto (grilled bread, fig compote, mozzarella). I had the poached pair salad with maple vinaigrette and crispy prosciutto and a side of brussel sprouts with maple, mustard, and bacon.  My husband had the juiciest, most delicious filet mignon with peppercorn sauce.  I had booked the reservation on Open Table, and under comments had noted it was his birthday.  They brought out a complimentary sorbet dessert in a frozen, hollowed-out tear drop.  They also have a contracted photographer who takes pictures of each group when you sit down.  She did a nice job and presented an album with the Bellagio logo on the front and the date printed on the inside.  We ended up purchasing the larger set ($45.00).  The smaller wallet-sized set sells for $25.00.
4	A friend and I ate here last-minute at the recommendation of our roulette dealer.  I think it was a great choice.  We sat at the bar because the restaurant was packed.  The grilled spot prawn was very tasty and well-presented.  I followed up with the diver scallops and she had the filet.  Both were great.  The scallops were perfectly cooked, melting in my mouth.  They had a nice diverse beer list as well.
3	Outstanding ambiance, decor, and service. However, the yellowtail appetizer was an incredibly small for the price. The salmon was just okay and the menu did not specify the risotto side dish contained shrimp. I would've liked to have known this as I do not eat shellfish.
4	Sensi was a refreshing change from the lights, activity, and general overstimulation of Vegas. The entry features a refreshing waterfall in the background, cozy yet intimate dining with succulents on each table, and an open kitchen allowing one to view the chefs rolling dough for fresh naan. Which leads me to the naan- it was delicious! Crisp, soft, and nicely charred with a flavourful dipping sauce. The waiter was attentive and accommodating. I am a vegetarian and my sister, gluten intolerant, and he was more than willing to modify dishes if needed. A ordered a butternut squash gnocchi with pickled pear, brussels sprouts leaves, and a touch of parmesan. All of the vegetables complimented one another without being overpowering and the presentation was well thought out. Overall, it was a relaxing evening and I would return for the atmosphere and fresh, flavourful dishes.
5	Sensi is one of the best restaurants in LV.The Naan with chutney is WOW. The ambiance was somewhat Royal. Aroma was mouth-watering. The food was excellent. And the Dessert was out of the world. When we looked at the quantity of the food we thought it was less but when we ended with it all our stomach was on the verge of bursting. Totally awesome. A must go.And our server who was Crotian was pretty cool.Regards from the brothers from Punjab,India.
4	I went to Sensi a while back...it was my first time eating at a nicer restaurant here in Vegas.I used to work at the Bellagio with all the executives, and Sensi was a favorite for lunch meetings.When my friend and I were deciding where to go, this was my first pick.  Service was spectacular, with our server offering lots of recommendations.  i don't remember what my friend ordered, but my sea bass was out of this world.Sensi has a great intimate atmosphere, and I really enjoyed myself.  I'd like to go back again soon.
4	Not going to lie, this place is way too expensive for me, but if someone else is paying the bill..... count me in!This gorgeous restaurant in the Bellagio is the most vegan-friendly establishment in the hotel, and they really feed you well.  I was tempted by the tofu "scallops" and they did not disappoint. Great, light flavors, and it was easily the healthiest and most satisfying meal I had my entire trip. Service was impeccable, the wine was lovely, and the atmosphere was so cool. I loved the open kitchen and water features throughout the restaurant.Make sure to talk to your server if you have any dietary needs! They have a separate vegetarian menu with lots of vegan options, and the server will happily steer you towards a good choice.
5	Wonderful experience. Starring an all-star crew from Hawaii including Chef Roy, waiter Ken and Sommelier Ernie. Somm Ernie picked out a wonderful Cremont sparkler from France to help us celebrate two birthdays in our party of 5 while we checked out the interesting menu. Ordered some nice appetizers of crisp fried shrimp, steamed buns with duck confit, and wagyu beef tongue with veal cheeks. The Somm paired up this offering with a crisp French Sancerre. We had brought a Rochioli East Block Pinot Noir to have with dinner and the Somm expertly chilled it down to the proper temperature until we were ready for it. For the entrees, we decided to try "family style" with the Roasted Octopus, Sea Bass, Miso Salmon, Pork Chop, and sides of Fried Rice and Brussel Sprouts. A second bottle of Pinot Noir - this one from Bethel Heights (OR) was suggested to finish off the meal while contemplating desserts. For the dessert the crew put together a sampling tower which included all sorts of delectable treats. A most extraordinary dinner and we will definitely be back. My new favorite dining spot in Las Vegas!
5	It was an expensive meal (as indicated in the dollar signs) but it was one of the most fantastic meals I have ever had. It was a great blend of modern food with an Asian theme. Me and my wife shared the calamari then the Diver Scallops and some Fried rice. It always seems like the portions were not going to be enough but when you are actually finished with the plate it was just enough to fill you up completely.If I am back in the vegas area I will for sure go back.
4	Very good meal.  Ordered the tuna dish, tasted fresh.  Love the chutney and raita served with bread in beginning of meal.  Loved the cocktails too.  But, was annoyed that the cocktail menu is on an ipad.  Feels odd to scroll through cocktails on a touch pad, would rather have an old-school menu.  Ambience is nice, relaxing.  Super friendly service.  For dessert we had the donuts which were awesome.
5	Sensi was a great experience. Food and drink were exceptional and server (Lawrence) guided us through the evening. Can't wait to return. Menu offered great variety and executed flawlessly.
2	Had their advertised thanksgiving dinner for $65.00.  Was not worth a penny of it.  The taste of the turkey was very bland.  The mini squash the soup was served in should have been baked first then served with the soup.  The quantity was not adequate as I left still hungry. Showed up for the 4:30 dinner seating and the gal at the front said they were sold out until 8:30pm, so she said I could sit out on the bar and have my dinner. However, after completing my dinner at 5;30pm, I strolled into the dining room and the place was empty.  Maybe I wasn't dressed enough for them.  i felt not wanted and therefore, would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Bad service all around.
5	Had an amazing dinner here while in Vegas over the holidays. We had this rather interesting server- I think his name was Andy- and I couldn't tell if he was real or acting but either way he was enthusiastic, helpful and very attentive without being overbearing. The food was delicious and I loved the ambiance in here. It is quiet and romantic so I would recommend it for a date while in Vegas. Not much more to say- other than go give it a try, you certainly won't be disappointed.
3	Great environment.   Decent steak. Overcooked lobster.   For the price is not the best.Seafood platter is very good.
5	SO this review is way over due, realized I failed to post back when I was there for a company conference in 2012. Without a doubt this is one of my all time favorite restuarants. The food was amazing and the environment unique. If you have a few bucks to splurge on the finer things, Sensi should be one of them. Such care is taken in the presentation be sure to enjoy and savor the artistry before devouring your meal.
5	Had a great experience here the other night. The curry scallops were amazing. It was nice to see managers talking to guests on a busy night. Sometimes nice restaurants leave out that personal touch. Will def. Come back my next visit and try new food.
5	What a pleasant surprise.  We come to Vegas twice per year and always stay at Bellagio.  Our favorite restaurants are Picasso and Jasmine.  Both happened to be booked last night, so we decided to try Sensi for the first time.We entered with extremely high expectations set by Picasso and Jasmine, and Sensi far exceeded them.  Our waiter Joseph was just wonderful.  He was knowledgable and attentive, but most of all he was very welcoming.  The naan and pampadon were to die for.  An Indian man makes it on display in the kitchen.I had the filet and it was spot on.  My husband ordered the salmon.  I don't eat seafood but that dish was phenomenal.  The sommelier was bale to guide us towards a great pairing for our meal.  We also ended up spending a little less than we usually spend on dinner.  Very reasonable prices.  We will be adding Sensi to our list of stops when visiting Bellagio.
4	If you want awesome service this is the place to go!Enjoyed a nice valentines day dinner at this place. Everyone is absolutely nice, attentive and our glass of wine was never empty; our server knows exactly when to come back and pour some more.The food was very tasty. Enjoyed the salmon entree and the chocolate temptation dessert was pretty delish as well. Salty caramel ice cream w/ chocolate goodness!Check out this place if you value quality food and excellent service.
4	I had a perfectly enjoyable time at Sensi. Much of it was the party I was with, but the restaurant did nothing to upset balance. Open kitchen concept sort of - glass partition. I ordered three small plates: roast duck dim sum taco things (wowser), Brussels sprouts (very good), crispy shrimp (the low point of the meal - seemed a little tough). I have no real complaints. We didn't pick Sensi because it was in the Bellagio, but I'm glad it is - spectacular people watching. The water sculptures walking into Sensi are very cool as well. Great wine selection.
4	This place was great! i had the gnocchi and my husband had the scallops. We were with a large group and we ordered wine for the whole table, which was also good. The only thing I will say is that our order took forever! But I did enjoy it when it got there. I don't know if i'd come back, merely because Asian fusion isn't really our thing, but i was happy with what we had and the atmosphere was good. Also, our waiter who looked and sounded like Boris from Bullwinkle was really nice and very well informed :)
3	My husband and I have been here a few times now. Really like the atmosphere here, the restaurant is visually appealing and has a kind of upscale, elegant look but feels casual. We can only speak toward the appetizers since we have not tried any of their entrees. Really enjoyed the TLC roll and their fried rice is some of the best we have ever had. Prices are a bit steep but the service was good overall. We would dine here again.
5	So good! Our team went here after working a tradeshow at the Bellagio. Definitely a great place with awesome food. The service was slow so be patient but it was totally full.
3	I enjoy Vegas and have become accustomed to the new trendier dining that has become so common in Vegas the last 10 years. Sensi is one of those places, cutting edge very trendy places. Trendy can be fun but not at the expense of service. The restaurant was not particulalry crowded, we had a revervation at 8 and these ladies that looked like fashion models made us wait. We aren't a showy family but my teenagers were in button downs and kaikis, I had a jacket on.  The waiter wasn't that busy he just wasn't around. The food was excellent, but the menu was limited and the main courses mundane, (Salmon is at Denny's) I had two appitiesers as a main course, pork belly and rissoto and both were excellent. We all had dessert as the portions were so small. The pistachio panna cotta was over the top. The crowning glosry of the evening was the check ($400 for 4, one cocktail and one glass of wine). The check arrived. I put my card in the folder for payment. Nothing happened no one came. Finally in desparation I had to hold the check ou and wave it to a group of waiters/stafff that were having a grand old time playing catch up over by the open grill. No wonder I was able to get a reservation for that evening at 5 in the afternoon. What a total waste of overpriced good food with lousy service.
1	This place was really, really disappointing. First off, the atmosphere was similar to a cafeteria. VERY loud, VERY outdated furniture and tables, and smelled like wet mop water. Also, all the waiters were wearing name tags staying what country they were from.. What is this, Disney world? When were seated, we're seated next to a couple who clearly, the woman was a hooker. Very scantily dressed, everything falling out. Not to mention, she was scooping Ice from the water on the table and putting it in her plastic to-go cup.. AND had her shoes off. This is SUPPOSED to be a classier restaurant.. NOT in and out burger!! What the hell am I paying for?!? The service was good, we could tell the waiter was doing the best he could with the poor situation he's stuck in. Ordered the salmon cracker appetizer, talk about gross. Salmon tasted old and more fishy then acceptable. For entrees I ordered ahi tuna rare and my boyfriend ordered scallops. Both seriously overcooked. The scallops were like rubber and my tuna was so dry I could barely eat it. We also ordered a side of tempura asparagus, which was greasy and soggy.. Much like something I would get at a Chinese food take out. PLEASE, save yourself from eating at this restaurant... Especially for the $$$, the place is worse than Applebee's. If you're looking for a EXCELLENT place to eat with an amazing, intimate atmosphere, check out Fiamma at the MGM. Although, pretty sure ANYTHING is better than this shithole.
1	Two things about this restaurant stand out as exemplary. The salad and fresh oysters were delectable. Now the bad review begins... Those amazing oysters took 30 minutes to reach our table. After the oysters and salad, my culinary trained boyfriend and I decided to get the tongue and cheek course. He tasted it and said it tasted funny. I took a bite and my days in gross anatomy lab came to my mind. The meat tasted old and of formaldehyde. I pushed it aside and we still looked forward to the next course- the halibut. Again, he took the first bite of the fish while I was nibbling the lovely veggies on the side. Turns out, fish was old and had been previously frozen. Just overall a gross dinner.
4	Came here for dinner and was pretty impressed. First of all, the decorations and ambiance are great. The whole restaurant is pretty much surrounding the kitchen, which is all just enclosed by glass (so you can see everything going on). wine and drink list was pretty extensive, and they have a sommelier should you need or want more guidance with your wine selection. we started with a bunch of appetizers which were all good, standouts were the grilled octopus, the sushi, and yellowtail sashimi. for dinner i had the tuna--it was good, but a little overcooked. I prefer mine rare and it was just slightly overdone. if i come back i would try another main course. all in all though i would definitely recommend coming here though!
4	Great service, I arrived 1.5 hours late on Valentines day due to strip traffic. The kindly accommodated me without any issues. The food is great and the service is awesome.
4	Cool / comfortable atmosphere. Open kitchen and natural stones has a uniquely out door in door gourmet kitchen kinda feeling. Service is great!!! Ask for Varinta!! The filet, farmers salad and asparagus was good and the bread pudding desert was a nice touch to end the meal. Great place to eat in the Bellagio.
5	Wonderful restaurant with outstanding service.  Sensi has a great wine selection.  My husband and I ate dinner here after a comedy show. We had filet mignon and the coconut chicken curry.  We ordered the foie gras appetizer and it was outstanding!  Too full for dessert but the waiter did send us home with some chocolate truffles.Will return again on our next visit to Vegas!
3	Sensi is hit and miss. The food was mostly very good. The atmosphere was excellent. The service was middling.First, the food. The naan bread was good but the yogurt/ cucumber dip was a flat miss. The ham and avocado on brioche was excellent. The oysters were really good. They had four different kinds. If I could have understood the fellow who brought them, it would have been helpful. Both salads were good. My wife's scallops were really tasty. My "special" 18 oz. bone-in ribeye was 10 ounces of fatty, unevenly cooked steak and 8 ounces of bone. The fact that it was $75 was just preposterous. Only in Vegas!The service was middling. A little off, a little slow, a little unintelligible. It was a large ticket and I hated giving my waiter a large tip because he just wasn't that good.Atmosphere was cool and romantic. That was about the only thing that what universally appealing.I'd go back but I wouldn't order the "special" and I would hope to get a better waiter.Smiley face.
5	In town for a wedding, my wife and I wanted to grab a quiet late-ish dinner with friends. We saw good reviews of Sensi on Yelp, got reservations on Opentable, and walked over. Quiet enough to have a good conversation (rare in LV), with food good enough to demand that we discuss it. My wife's scallops and my miso-roasted salmon were memorably good. Definitely worth a repeat visit.
4	Sea food very fresh, and the desert is beyond my expectation, sooo good!
2	I give the food 5 stars, but the service and ambience bring it down to a 2.Although the dining area was almost completely empty we were shunted off to a small table by the service station. Normally, this really wouldn't really bother me, but holy cow, the bus person kept slamming things down and cursing, which, needlessly to say, was incredibly unprofessional and made us uncomfortable. Our server wasn't that attentive and we had to hunt him down for the check. Another annoying thing was there was another area in the restaurant that was really loud and echoed over to our side of the restaurant and that was distracting. Kind of an odd place.Food was delicious, though! Highly recommend the tofu scallops and fried shrimp appetizer.
5	This place was so unexpectedly good! At first I thought it was just Japanese because of the name, but they have a really cool fusion thing going on. The corned beef buns with thousand island dressing were a good example of American style deli mixed with Chinese. We also had the most tender and delicious pork chop I've ever had! All the appetizers were really creative with unexpected ingredients like pork rinds and mustard seeds. I hope to make it back soon to try more!
5	Great oysters and TLC rolls. Had a bottle of wine and the bread they serve is better than anything I have ever had. Service was flawless. Great drinks menu and watching the kitchen staff was a bonus
1	Horrible food,  it's Asian fusion and they messed it up. Terrible service I had a Booking and I reached on time  and they made me wait for 30 minutes. The  bartender was extremely rude to us. Will never recommend  this  place to anyone.
4	I came here on a Sunday night with my boyfriend without reservations around 8pm. The hostess told us that they were busy until 9, so we waited until then. If you are going to have dinner at Sensi then you should make reservations. Our waiter was extremely nice and helpful. He recommended we get the restaurant's homemade ginger ale cocktail. I think it's called the ginger shock.. Something like that. It was amazing!!! I'm not even a big fan of ginger and I loved it. As for food, we started with the TLC rolls. I would definitely recommend those. I got the tuna for dinner and thought it was pretty good as well. It wasn't the best tuna I've ever had, but I enjoyed it.
4	Came here on a Saturday night with my girlfriends at 7pm. We got seated right away; our waiter was nice, just slow at times. I got the Alaskan Halibut ($38) which was yummy yum-yum! The portion was perfect, not too much and not too little. My girlfriends got the Salmon and the pork chop which they loved as well.Our table next to us ordered this really huge variety of desserts for $40. My friends and I were debating to get it, but we decided not to get it. If there were at least 5 of us, I think it would have been perfect to get. After coming here, I will most likely come and try some other stuff on the menu. :)
3	I was thinking this review needed a title, but I couldn't decide on just one.  Instead, pick your favorite of the following two:"My Evening at Sensi"    --- or ---"Attack of the Insane Drunk Ladies"Now that I have that squared away, onto the review!  I had reservations for 1 on Saturday night at Sensi at the Bellagio.  Since I was flying solo, I decided to sit at the bar, which was stylish and contemporary, with lots of granite and dark woods and a waterfall.  Unfortunately, in contrast to the other high-end restaurants in the Bellagio, Sensi doesn't have any walls or doors or other barriers separating the interior of the restaurant from the foot traffic and general pandemonium happening in the common areas -- so my hopes for a serene dinner were dashed before I even started eating.After ordering a Sauvignon blanc (excellent!) and noshing on the complementary breadbasket of naan and curry-flavored chips, I decided dinner would be the "Taste of Sensi" tasting menu.  Here's the rundown:AMUSE BOUCHESalmon cracker with nori crisps, kaffir smoked salmon, and wasabi avocado.  Lovely presentation, but far too salty/briny for my taste.  Not enjoyable.COURSE #1Roasted octopus with chorizo, fingerling potatoes, arugula salad, egg yolk, and squid ink aioli.  Similar to the amuse bouche, this dish was beautiful to look at, but all I could taste was salt.  I picked it at, but didn't finish it.COURSE #2Alaskan halibut with fennel, sweet corn, broken rice, asparagus, and peas.  Hands down my favorite dish of the night.  The halibut was cooked to perfection, and I loved the texture of the intermingled broken rice, corn, and peas.COURSE #3"Tongue & Cheek" -- braised veal cheeks, smoked Wagyu beef tongue, potato puree, and red wine reduction.  Great flavors and beautifully cooked meats, but I was a bit blind-sided by the enormous portion of very rich ingredients, which seemed out of place in a tasting menu sequence.  I guess I can't complain about too much of a good thing, right?DESSERTGreek yogurt panna cotta with honey gelee and blackberry coulis.  SIlky smooth but overwhelmingly sweet.  A few bites and the sugar rush became too much to handle.While the food was a mixed bag, the real "highlight" of the evening (if you can call it that) was being accosted by a pair of insane drunk ladies** (IDLs) who stumbled in from the casino, sat down next to me, GRABBED MY UTENSILS OUT OF MY HANDS, and helped themselves to my food.  Jeeeeeezus H. Christ!I begged and pleaded with the bartender to do something about the IDLs, but he shrugged and did a whole lot of nothing.  Eventually the IDLs got bored of me and moved on to greener pastures...but my appetite was mostly ruined at that point.  I was hoping the bartender could comp at least part of my meal that had been rendered inedible by the IDLs' creeper-germs, but he refused.  Instead, he poured me a free glass of Sauvignon blanc in a to-go cup, which was a nice gesture, but nowhere near enough to make up for a spoiled dinner.  Needless to say, I quickly paid my check and got the hell out of there.And thus ends my tale of Sensi -- possibly the strangest and randomest experience I've ever had as a solo diner in Vegas (or anywhere else).  -----**Footnote: I didn't call them ladies at the time.  I used a much less family-friendly term... You can probably guess what it was.
5	Great food and wine!! The restaurant itself is pretty nice. The food is really good and they serve you the right size! Recomended but make sure you have your wallet full lol.. $$
5	One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas. NEVER a bad meal here. I was in Vegas in April and we dined here as usual and then again last week. We will be back in Vegas at least 3 more times in the summer and will dine here all 3 times. It's just that good!!
5	Sensi at the Bellagio is nothing short of fantastic. There are few restaurants with the total creative concept that flows from the design and layout through the complete dining experience, matching the modern approach to culinary art and classic delicious dishes.We had dinner at Sensi last night, after walking out of Prime Steakhouse We have been coming to Sensi for several years. Always have had a great meal here.The restaurant is hidden in the back part of Bellagio behind and to the left of the world famous Bellagio Arboretum. Built around solid granite blocks and open glass, Sensi has an open kitchen central to the dining room where fusion cuisine is prepared to order in view of the guests.Items range from steak, to chops, seafood, specialty salads and starters, as wall as several oriental inspired dishes. The restaurant provides delicious Naan Bread and an amazing tomato chutney and yogurt for dipping and enjoyment before your meal.The bar list is amazing with several delicious concoctions, especially good is the Mojito that's made with legit ingredients.The wine list is unbelievably solid. First Growth Bordeaux, Burgandy, Italian, Spanish, and New World that would rival some of the best steak houses in the nation.That said, the service really makes the experience. Our server Michael from Long Island has been with the restaurant since the Bellagio opened. A statement of longevity that speaks to not only the economic viability of the restaurant but also the quality of the experience from the standpoint of the staff.When you have a place that exemplify class, you tend to keep great people who genuinely do what they do because they believe in it.Sensi has a legit sommelier and wine stewards. The place is amazing, I can't say enough good things about it. Price is reasonable, it's upscale but modern with a ton of class.Top to bottom, if dining is about a total experience for you and not just following the crowds to overhyped food conveyance, you need to add this to your list.Sensi is Sensational!
3	I expected better service from a restaraunt in the Bellagio.
4	Dinner for 2.- Ambiance (4/5)Very classic Vegas restaurant feel, but not as upscale as I would have liked considering the prices.- Service (3/5)Professional, speedy.  Big problem though was the photographer that walked through and strongly encouraged us to pose for photos, then tried to sell them to us for $70.  Huge mistake-- felt very Disney.  Just let me enjoy my dinner.- Bread (3/5)Naan, though not particularly good naan.  The spicy tomato sauce that comes with it is quite nice.  - Tongue & Cheek (5/5), $14Wagyu tongue and wagyu cheeks... extremely tender and great flavor.  The little quenelles of mashed potato help cut through some of the richness in the beef.- Pork Chop (4/5), $36Juicy, succulent pork chops!  It's hard to keep them so juicy so I was quite impressed.  But the other components on the dish were extremely ordinary.  - Value (3/5) A bit on the expensive side, but good food overall.
5	Delicious. Steak was wonderful, sea bass was wonderful. Overall outstanding service. Very high caliber of staff in this place with one exception. Not sure if it's worthy of 5 stars, but a 4 doesn't seem high enough.
5	Fantastic!Our best meal in Vegas, but you do pay for it.   The staff, service, and food were amazing.  I don't often give 5 stars, but Sensi has earned it. If you want a special night out and want to treat yourself, this is the restaurant to do it. Enjoy!!!
5	Had scallops, wife had salmon, shared gnocchi appretizer,, all delish. Service good too.
5	Everything about this meal was amazing. From the good quality wines that kept on pouring to the shrimp appetizer and most of all the best lobster I have ever had prepared in a way I had never had it. All your senses will be satisfied, this is a must eat in Vegas!
5	This is an amazing place to eat. I looked at the menu online and it didn't sound that impressive. It actually sounded a little strange because of the fusion concept being so unique. I decided to give it a try anyway, and I can only say that I am so happy that I did. I've been there twice now. The first time the food, service, and atmosphere was so good that I couldn't wait to go there again. I try a lot of places so it was almost a year after the first time, but everything was consistent with the first time...excellent. Give this place a try it is not only surprisingly delicious it is awesome.
5	Sensi is Sensational For all your Senses!Where oh where do I begin? The lovely ladies that seat you! Knowledgable, helpful, willing to call around to other restaurants if you need a reservation for lunch (they are only open for dinner) we chatted for a bit and ended up coming back for dinner the next night. Bravo! Deserve a raise!Move on to our waiter, Lawrence; funny, attentive, helpful and just well...again part of the overall charm of the restaurant. They place naan down with two sauces, a cool cucumber and a spiced up tomato one I believe - there is an Indian chef making it there while you watch. Our first course was the Summer salad; grilled peaches+apricot, arugula, white balsamic, burrata cheese (ingredients change based on time of year) $15. The cheese melted on your tongue - perfect blend of ingredients nothing overpowering. Next came the Thai, coconut, lemongrass soup with morel mushrooms - normally I would NEVER eat a mushroom - I ate all of the (okay, my husband stole a few) - you can eat most of the bowl, the coconut is so tender you can peel it off with your spoon.Moved on to the gnocchi with vegetables for $17 - lightly browned in butter again, melted in your mouth. We ordered a side of tempura asparagus and this has a tomato dipping sauce! I had a ginger ale with lime that they make there so freshing and after too much red wine the night before - a nice break ($6.00).Most folks were casually dressed before the 8:00 hour summer dresses or nice jeans with nice tops and sweaters. A few families with children but mostly adults. The music in the background was Sting and such. Table made of natural wood and the background blended as well.Oh and there is a woman who politely asked if you want your photo. We don't usually say yes to photos but thought okay why not and glad. She did a wonderful job. $20 for small (2 photos in silver fabric frames $45 for large).So, go, enjoy, bring your friends, we cannot wait to go back!
5	A hidden gem of the strip! Amazing farm-to-table freshness and unique dishes I've never had elsewhere. The executive chef is down-to-earth and brings so much of his personality into his food. Tries to get regionally farmed meats and veggies, there's even a Bellagio rooftop herb garden used for Sensi. He was even a winner on Chopped last season.TLC roll, poached pear salad, tongue and cheek, lamb chop, coffee and donuts dessert, ice bubble assorted sorbets...all to die for!
4	Amazing food and restaurant. We stayed at bellagio and this was the best food of all the restaurants best mashed potatoes and halibut. Even the side of fried rice was amazing!!!
4	agree with the other reviews, this place is not really a true asian fusion cuisine, but a sampling of a few types of american and asian palettes.  nonetheless, it's a cool restaurant worth trying during your vegas stay.ambience: modern and shinto like with all the stone waterfalls.  It doesn't feel like a stuffy restaurant because of the sound of running water throughout the premises.  the only knock against them, is they have a photographer that runs around and asks to take pictures (for price if you want to keep them).  This is not a disneyland ride where you need to get photographed - they would've done better without this.service: good/attentive/promptfood:we had the shucked oysters, alaskan habibut, skuna bay salmon.  the seafood dishes were delicious and well thoughtout - the cooking of the fish were well executed.  cocktails were worth trying - sensi sidecar was a notable one.
5	Beyond my expectations!  A great craft beer, dogfish head 90 minute, and an off the menu Mohito surprised the taste buds.  An Outstanding level of service and a well rounded menu was just the beginning.  The meal began with a very good summer salad and tasty broadbent country ham starters.  I tend to have high expectations for the entree and the perfectly cooked Filet and Alaskan halibut did not disappoint.  A small sampling of delectable deserts and two glasses of champaign couldn't have been better.  I made a point to thank the managers, Nick and Fabian, for the extraordinary service and experience.  My wife and I will be sure to visit again.
5	Really loved this place, everything we had was delicious including the cocktails. The service was amazing, will be recommending Sensi to my friends visiting Las Vegas.
3	Drinks were ok, food was ok nothing super thrilling or exciting.  The ambiance was beautiful, we sat at the bar and the waterfall effect was really cool. I ordered a drink with their house made ginger ale and it was not good.
1	This is the worst restaurant I have ever eaten at. The service is slow, the staff is rude and the food is overpriced. Do not waste your time or money here.
5	Outstanding experience. The staff was very friendly and the food was fantastic.
4	We were looking for a late evening meal in Vegas and found this restaurant tucked away at the Bellagio. We had a sampling of appetizers and really enjoyed everything.  The bread to star the meal was delicious, as were the pork buns, the squid, the cauliflower soup, and the fried rice. We did wish that we got more than 2 pork buns with our order, especially for the price. We do think my husband got an upset stomach from the oysters he ordered (I didn't have any), hence the 4 stars.
4	Came here for dinner last Wednesday.  The menu was different and the things I was hoping to eat weren't on the updated menu.  We ordered...Tuna carpaccio - fresh and tastyCrab/Lobster rolls - delicious!Dover sole - it was super saltyThey did remove the sole off the bill when we informed them of the saltines.  The service was very nice.  Just wish they still had the truffle fries on the menu.  Perhaps next time!
4	After a few disappointing (yet highly rated) Vegas meals, I finally found a place worth saying great things about. The menu is really interesting and as a group of 3 we tasted many items:- Tongue & Cheek (wagyu tongue & veal cheek)- Cavatelli with Pork- Scallops (main, but shared)- Brussels Sprouts- Crab & Lobster Roll- Poutine- Pork BunsEverything was good, some items were great. The tongue & cheek was fantastic. Relatively small portion (two pieces of each) but both are so tasty. A nice rich reduction tops it off. Everyone at the table loved the cavatelli. The pasta was just right and the flavour was nice. Pork buns had a nice texture in the dough -- like your traditional Chinese pork buns, but as a taco. The filling was good. Crab and lobster roll is very tasty. Scallops were perfectly cooked, but like most scallops not a flavour extravaganza. Poutine good, but as a former Quebecer, I prefer it home style (with real curds). My U.S. colleagues had never had poutine and really liked it. Sprouts were just good roasted sprouts.The wine list, sommelier and waiter were also winners. I would definitely recommend and return.
5	Beautiful environment.  Friendly service. And great food.  What more could you ask for.
4	The food is good but the tab can run up quickly.. so provided you're not famished, it's easy to just get by with several of their (very good) appetizers, and a couple glasses of wine. With gratuity, the bill will still be in the $150 range, but for a hi-end restaurant in one of the most highly regarded mega resorts on The Strip.. sounds crazy, but that's VERY reasonable.
5	5 stars for a lovely evening with excellent service, booked via Open Table. The hostess led us to a table right next to the glass surround where the cooks are in constant motion. The naan bread with chutney went great with my pinot noir. The Tongue & Cheek and Cavatelli Pasta were delicious starters. My Mother and I both had the Diver Scallops in Thai curry over jasmine rice.  We finished with banana lumpia and adorable macaroons for dessert. Mahalo, Ken and Chef Joe from Kaneohe, for a memorable evening...so funny how you thought we were from Cali! Don't forget to go see "The Hundred-Foot Journey"!
4	I had pretty low expectations for this place after an atrocious meal at an adjacent resort. Even still, the food was outstanding! Loved the indian influences! Scallops were amazing. We were seated in a lovely private nook, and the service was great. Bonus for the naan bread and tikka masala (?) dipping sauce. My new fave in Vegas!
4	Atmosphere is amazing. Great sitting plan. The only complaint I have is portion size to its relative price. Don't get me wrong, food is amazing and creative. Just needs a 40% increase in quantity on side dishes like salads and fries.Great wine!
4	Once you get done drooling over the glassed-in performance kitchen, you can settle in for dinner. We had a view of several stations. We were able to watch various breads come out of the oven and to our table. They focus on market-fresh dishes. The hanger steaks were tasty and tender. Brussel sprouts were grilled with balsamic vinegar and were delicious. Service was also good. Prices were high, but reasonable given the menu and the location.
4	The food was very delicious, my wife being vegeterian had limited choice, but she ordered Pasta and she loved it, I ordered Salmon and it was delicious, but the real treat was Sensi Overload Dessert, it was a tower of multiple desert items, altough we could not finish it, but it was really delicious
4	Eclectic mix of food with an asian flair. I ordered the cauliflower soup and the yellowtail entree. Both were exceptional. Quality over quantity though I had three cuts of yellowtail so it was not skimpy.Wine by the glass is expensive but no different than other restaurants at the Bellagio.Why not 5 stars? The service was good but not exceptional. It seemed that everyone was operating in their own world and not as a team. I can't put my finger on it explicitly but the service energy was more stressed than content.
2	Service was horrible! Starting with the host experience, not pleasant. We ordered the ribeye, filet, salmon, oysters, etc... 80% of the food came out cold! When we told the waitress, who by the way should choose a different career, she said "no problem, the chef will put the food back on to heat it up"! I asked for the manager who said was new and still learning the ropes! This is all on a Saturday night! He offered nothing for the inconvenience so we left! We went to Mastro's for the second night in a row and had another perfect meal!
5	We absolutely loved this place. We were in town for only two nights for dinner, and ate here the first night because we were staying at the Bellagio. We seriously considered eating there a second night. Our waiter was a British fella named Lawrence from Alabama (yeah that was interesting) but he was extremely entertaining. He is by far the best waiter we've had at any restaurant. The food was so fresh and flavorful. We appreciated that they source local and sustainable foods and grow their own herbs and some veggies. We had the crispy fried shrimp and the crab-lobster maki roll for appetizers. Both were excellent with outstanding flavorful sauces. My wife had the curry scallops which were incredible and not a normal way to have scallops but might be the best when it comes to flavor fusion. The scallops were perfectly prepared. I had the fresh catch of the day which was line caught tuna, on spaghetti squash. It was super yummy and fresh. It was actually more than I could eat. No small plates here. There were baby purple potatoes on my plate too which tasted like they were dug that morning; I know because I grow my own food. For dessert we had two dessert wines. Two white wines with the dinner brought the tab to $200 not including tip. The atmosphere was very sensual as the name suggests. The kitchen is in the middle of the restaurant with glass panes so you can see everything. Lawrence would explain to us what they were doing in the kitchen. We were placed with a perfect view of everything. The night we went (a Tuesday night) was quiet and slow. It shouldn't have been as slow as it was; this might be the best kept secret in Vegas. We've eaten at many more expensive and higher rated restaurants in Vegas; Sensi has just moved to the top of our list. We are going there first for our next trip
4	Very good food and excellent service.  The prices are a little high.  The ambiance is nice and this place is hidden which is good. They have a decent wine selection also.  I wish the menu was a little more diverse though. Because of the price and the lack of more diversity it looses a star from me - but overall still pretty good!!
5	Very nice place, good wine and steak.
5	Service was excellent. Atmosphere was good. The salmon and tofu scallops were amazing!
5	Fantastic. Flavio, our waiter was great and very friendly. I could see the kitchen and how my food was prepared. Crispy clean kitchen. Food was excellent and the ambiance was awesome.
4	The ambience here is so pretty!!  Sensi is on a corner in the far end of the hotel.  It could be a little out of the way if you weren't already headed in that direction, but nonetheless, it's a little oasis of modern glass waterfalls that perfectly set the tone for a pre-dinner cocktail.  As you are walking by, the bar/waterfalls/cool ambience basically call your name and you kinda have no choice but to stop by!!!  We thoroughly enjoyed our drinks and the service was great.  No happy hour specials made it an expensive stop, but it was worth it.
5	Sensi was amazing. The wait staff was extremely knowledgeable, attentive, and kind. We were seated next to the glass enclosure which was the kitchen and got to watch the food being prepared. I got the filet mignon and it was beautiful. I just about cried. Haha. It was melt in your mouth with a fabulous sauce on the side. We chose to get the side of fried rice, not personally my favorite as it had quite a kick to it, but still good. We then got dessert which was a selection of three gelatos inside a giant ice tear drop. Gorgeous. A camera lady came around and  took our picture. It's separate from the dinner check and decently priced. Dinner also comes with some naan bread and a couple dipping sauces. While it is on the pricey side it was, in my opinion, absolutely worth it. Not a place for children.
5	Hands down!-simply amazing!!! A must come, if you are in Vegas with someone that you love!!!The entrance-attractive. The decor-trendy, classy cleverly designed. The service-top notch. The atmosphere-zen-like and warm- just Great! The presentation- artistic and creative. The food-bursting with flavors and deliciously composed. The prices-not bad.**Note: Great place for an anniversary or birthday. Classy, romantic and relaxing!So, check it....I ordered the Thai coconut soup, which came in a coconut-so full of flavor. I also ordered the Stone Valley pork loin, which was oozing seasonings and the Mango lassi and coconut sorbe dessert served in a ice shell-breath taking!
4	Had reservations for 10 pm with the Mrs. on a Friday night and was surprised to hear the place closed at 10:30 pm. It's Vegas! Regardless the food was simply amazing as was the service. Three things that prevents me from giving it five stars:1- they close at 10:30 on a Friday!2- the Negroni cocktail was disgusting. They did replace it for me but they should simply remove it from the menu3- it's way too bright for a hip restaurantThe naan bread and dipping sauces are amazing as was the oyster rockefeller. We had the Panzanella salad and the Rib eye for dinner, which was also amazing. Great spot!
4	Definitely in the top 10 best restaurants in vegas.  The rib eye special was out of this world.  It has ruined all other rib eyes for me.
4	Great dinner choice before going to see O! We arrived early so we sat down at the very chic bar.  Wanting something a little sweet we ordered drinks called pom.com delicious! It has saphire gin crushed raspberries and pom juice....light and refreshing.We were then taken to our table which looked onto the kitchen.  What a cool experience! The kitchen is glassed in so you can watch them cook without the kitchen noise.  I was amazed, it looked like a ballet watching the chefs prepare the food.The restaurant itself is very chic and makes you feel like you are at an upscale restaurant in Soho.  Our servers were very friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable of their menu.  The hubby wanted a briny oyster and they helped him pick the best selection.  I can tell they were magnificent because the 1/2 dozen stayed on the table for less than 5 minutes.Ever the small plate lover, this menu was perfect for me! I had the handmade meatballs and brussel sprouts which were both cooked perfectly.  The meatballs were very light but filling and presented beautifully.Hubby had the diver scallops and they were HUGE! Beautifully cooked and presented we almost hated to eat them....Almost!  We really enjoyed our evening here from the drinks to dessert! We will definitely be coming back here when we are in Vegas!
