4	Entering a repurpsed wood panneled space, you are eye to eye with the chefs. A fully stocked bar is available for your pleasure. Choices which include healthy tasty menu items will make your tummy happy. An eager staff eager to please, makes Wild a great night out for drinks, tasty food and great service.My tomato soup was creamy and tasty, my gluten free chicken tikka pasta was well prepared and yummy.The gluten free pizza was crunchy and gooey in all the right ways.All around great new resturant in downtown Las Vegas!
5	I am giving Wild 5 stars for their server Adam, who was awesome.  Friendly, funny, and he made the experience so much better!  When we arrived we didn't know if we should just sit or wait for someone to seat us, but we claimed a long wooden picnic table in the center of the main dining room.  Adam came over and greeted us, told us the quote of the day, explained all of the gimmicks within Wild and took our beverage order. Pretty standard...He sold me on a ginger lemonade which I loved, but could only drink so much of. I thought it was too strong to finish a whole glass of, especially now that the summer heat is gone. *insert sad face* My friend ordered a wild blueberry wheat ale / the Sea Dog. He said it was good, but it was served in a can which wasn't too impressive. I think they should have served it with a cold glass/mug. For dinner we ordered the bruschetta to start and then the salmon special they had + the perfect pasta.  We shared all of the items. I loved the perfect pasta. It was really flavorful, although when you first see it, the pasta looks quite plain and unimpressive.  The flavor definitely makes up for that. It's really good. The salmon was good, but nothing amazing. It had a lemon caper sauce and was served with roasted garlic mashed potatoes and some steamed veggies.  It wasn't impressive in flavor, but I squeezed more lemon on it and it did the trick. The bruschetta was large and we didn't finish it all. The bread didn't taste any different than normal bread, although the entire menu at Wild is gluten-free. It was pretty impressive in that regard but other than that, what you'd expect of a bruschetta dish. As we wrapped up our dinner we asked for the dessert menu and Adam told us that there is no dessert menu yet. Bummer!!!!  We joked with him for a minute and asked if they could make something with the ingredients they already have. We were totally kidding but he went to chef and asked him to whip something up. This really boosted our experience as about 10 minutes later they brought out a gluten free pizza with butter, cinnamon and a home made whipped cream sauce.  Man!!!!  What service!!!  The dish needs some work as the gluten free pie crust overpowered the other flavors but they made that on the fly and it was pretty amazing that they took the time and not only considered it but executed!!!  We felt pretty special. The homemade whipped cream they made was REALLY REALLY good. Overall the experience was definitely enhanced by our server who was attentive, entertaining and just overall pretty awesome.  The menu is perfect for those who need to eat gluten free...it's not supposed to be culinary genius out of that kitchen, but more of an alternative dining experience for those who cannot have gluten in their diet. We will likely be back again to try more menu items + I'm excited to try their juices when the juice bar is open. We had a great time tonight, and at the end of it all, that's really what matters. :)
2	I was super excited to try the food and check out this cool space. The website looks so enticing. I ordered the Spicy Prosciutto Flat-bread.  It was $14 for a SMALL personal flat-bread.  What I was served did not look like the pictures on the website. Presentation goes a long way. I so wanted this place to be good but I'm unimpressed. I am willing to pay for quality food but was let down with this experience.Pros: -Slick space, Dark and Romantic-Service was Awesome-Vegan and Gluten Free crust Cons:-Tasted like a frozen flat-bread.-Expensive. Quality of food being served did not match the pricing.-Food was served on what looked like a cafeteria tray and the prosciutto on top of the flat bread looked like a lunch meat slice that was sliced up and thrown on top right before serving.
5	Pizza was great, crust was delicious!  Gluten free!!! Sarah has the bar under control!  Great place to meet downtowners. Sarah is an amazing bartender, she makes you want to stay all night!  Oh wait a minute we did.  Fireball!!!!
5	Wild adds refreshing taste to the changing landscape of downtown Las Vegas. This communal space brings guests together over great food and clever conversation starters. The coasters prompt thoughtful questions and cards on the bar give you an opportunity to send a note to your neighbor. The energy in Wild is altogether electric. Even though this place has only been open a short time, there were already "regulars" stopping by. At the end of our dining experience, Wild felt like a second home and I understood the sense of loyalty.The staff was very friendly and the food was amazing. Miki, the owner and creator, stopped by and talked to my boyfriend and I. You can tell that she really has passion about the restaurant, her staff, and her customers. Our bartender Nate surprised us with delicious cocktail after delicious cocktail. No menu needed, he simply asked what "tastes" we liked and created a amazing fig & bourbon concoction as well as many others.Everything on the menu was made fresh to order with fresh, organic, and wholesome ingredients. Even the lemonade is made fresh to order. We followed Miki's suggestion and tried the limone pasta but we added fresh mushrooms. It was amazing! I will definitely be going back for more.
2	I liked the atmosphere/ details of the restaurant. The service was good but expected more from the food - lacked proper flavor.
2	I really wanted to like Wild, but after 3 visits over the past month or so I just cannot commit to anything other than two stars.  On the surface I love the restaurant's decor.  Digging deeper into the service and food, both of which are what matters most, something just isn't right here.  All three times I've dined here I sat at the bar (as I often do) and while the service was decent and pleasant it almost seems as if they are winging it...of which I would not expect given that this is not their first venture into the restaurant and bar world.  One would think that service and processes would be better dialed in by the time you open your third establishment.Case in point, on one of my visits I placed an order for an entree and was later told that the selection was "sold out".  After deciding upon something else I was later told that the initial dish was available to me, to the detriment of the person who had ordered it prior to me.  What!?!  While I do appreciate the offer, it seems odd that you would accept someones order, then take it away to give to someone else.  Maybe I seemed more important, maybe more needy; nevertheless it's an awkward position to be in, on both sides of the equation.On to the food:  The menu, in my opinion, is quite limited.  You essentially have a few flatbreads and a few pasta dishes to choose from; all of which are seemingly gluten-free.  Here's the issue, the population that requires gluten-free is what? 1-5% depending upon which study you reference?  What I feel is happening is that the owner(s) are choosing to offer what they like/enjoy while sacrificing the wants of their larger demographic that could be dining at this location.  That's not a good business model and I feel that they need to change up the menu with more offerings or else shuttering the business will be immanent  I just don't see their targeted demographic supporting this venture in the long term.  The last meal I had was a pasta dish, the name escapes me; the pasta was very overcooked. While the ingredients seemed of high quality and flavorful it was ruined by the overcooked pasta.  If pasta is one of two dishes you offer, you ought to be able to prepare it properly.The ambiance:  I like the way they decorated the place with levels, natural wood, steel and soft indirect lighting...that all fits my style.  What I disapprove of are arguably the most uncomfortable bar stools my posterior has ever been on.  Logic (and business acumen) dictates that the more comfortable a guest is, the longer they will stick around to eat and drink...well, that's just not in the cards with these chairs/stools.  My friend and I both work long hours and came in for a meal and a few beers/cocktails after closing up shop one evening.  Well, unfortunately that plan was overruled by the uncomfortableness we encountered.  We ended up eating our meals and were out the door immediately to find more comfortable accommodations to unwind at; that's a shame, both for us and your bottom line.Other musings:  Low quality bar towels are not a sufficient substitute for a napkin.  First, low quality bar towels are very lint-ridden, second they are coarse, third they cheapen the experience.  Invest in proper napkins, both white and black...if you need to know why, close the doors now.  Bar towels are for the staff to clean with, not for your patron's lap and to wipe their face/hands with.I may give Wild another chance in six months or so but surely won't be rushing back anytime soon.
2	Decided to give it a shot this Sunday night after hearing lots of buzz. Walked in and was immediately confused because we were not greeted within the first 30 seconds or more. We eventually seated our selves. It appeared there was only one person serving the floor AND the bar. They offered us drinks.. to bad they never came. We waited ten plus minutes for two glasses of water. Decided to leave.. plus the rastafarian music was a bit annoying. Not sure what the food is like, may never know now. You would think with two locations in New York, a faster paced place than Vegas, they would understand the importance of prompt service. Oh well.
5	We had the Bruschetta appetizer, which was good with nicely ripened tomatoes and big chunks of Buffala mozzarella. Two flatbreads were ordered by our party, the veggie which was really loaded with nicely cooked (not cremated) veggies and the Chicken Tiki Masala which had a really creamy sauce. I ordered the Fig salad and a side of grilled shrimp. Fig salad first - incredible value. Half size salad was $7 with figs, prosciutto, Gorgonzola cheese and a yummy balsamic. Seven clams for that! Side of nicely grilled, nicely seasoned shrimp to go with for another $4. This is a "chick meal" home run! Top it off with great ambiance inside and friendly, happy service by Kaitlyn at the bar and it's an easy 5 stars. One thing to note, the place is about fresh good food. You may need to add a little salt to this or that, but that beats over salted and over cooked for me. Happy fresh dining!
5	Gluten free beer is the way to go! Just ask Sarah, she is the best bartender downtown!
4	Love the atmosphere and the concept. The food is good, though didn't live up to expectations. Still, it's the best gluten free pizza I've ever had.
5	I only give reviews for two reasons. This happens to be for a good reason!! This place is a little hidden gem.. Amazing!! Everything from the staff, to the"wild wall", to the thoughtful questions on the coasters. The food is amazing...and to top it off, its organic and gluten free!!I'll be back!
5	AMAZING!!!!!! Love this place! Everyone should experience Wild if they haven't already! Great food and drinks make sure you ask for Sarah behind the bar she always takes good care of me  :)
5	WILD is my go-to restaurant in Las Vegas. It's right next to the front entrance of the Ogden Condos. Not only does it offer the best gluten-free & vegetarian options, it also provides downtown with a positive hang out spot to grab a drink. Right when you walk in you're greeted by a sign that says "Leave Egos, Stress and Fears at the door." After a long day, this is the exact message you want to read. The staff is very friendly and warm. It's effortless trying to find healthy options since the entire menu is of organic farm to table meals. The first time I went I had their quinoa salad. The plating was just as good as the food. As for the pizza, my personal favorite is the Chana Masala. There are a variety of pizza topping options, but the Chana Masala was the most unique to me. It's the perfect combination of authentic Indian flavors with classic pizza. This is one of the only pizzerias where I don't leave feeling bloated and lethargic since they are so particular about what ingredients are put into the meals. Instead, I leave feeling optimistic from the wall of inspirational quotes written by previous guests and more than satisfied with the food and drinks which are both nourishing and delicious. If you're in NYC or DTLV, this is definitely a place you gotta check out!
5	I highly recommend for a great dining experience.  Food and service were amazing.  Nice to find unique healthy options in LV!!
5	I really like this place. I love finding healthy food that tastes good. This is the type of food I cook at home. We got a to share pizza. We all loved it. I also go a smoothie that tasted great. Thank you Wild for opening here. We will be back!
2	I hate to do it, I really do but this place only deserves two stars. I love the decor, good location, love it's cozy feel, and even the staff is super friendly and super nice. But the food just doesn't do it. The two chances I have given the place the order never came out right and when it did it was just blah.I understand the premise but isn't there any thing else you can offer that's vegan or gluten free. The pizza isn't bad but it isn't enough to keep me or any of my friends coming. The tikki marsala on pasta and pizza is eh and we had other things but honestly they were that forgettable. The two times I have left here I couldn't wait to reconcile with my taste buds by going to pizza rock, gold spike, or even Cheffini's hot dog's. Something...anything! I guess my palette is not sophisticated enough for this type of food but I wish it was because I love it's vibe and just wish they'd revamp or add to the menu.
5	Outstanding allergen free menu. Fresh organic food available and an awesome atmosphere and wait staff. A must go for anyone looking for GMO and allergen free dining! Vegan desserts available too!
5	My man and I just finished a great meal and have already recommended it to friends and family. The pizza is DAMN GOOD ;)
5	Great thin crust pizza, and service!
5	So satisfied! Relaxed clean atmosphere. Friendly, efficient, knowledgeable staff. The food was fresh and flavorful and in perfect filling proportions. The beet salad is a must try! Pair everything with the house made ginger lemonade! Definitely planning on returning.. Thanks, Wild!
3	Wild is a gluten free with vegan options restaurant that has some proscuitto and chicken thrown on the menu for those who are not vegan.  It has three locations, LV, the West Village and Williamsburg. Located in the basement of the Ogden in a very narrow but long space that spans what must have been three units, maybe 4, Wild hopes to attract healthy Zappos workers and Rachel's Kitchen hipsters.  A quick read of the menu and my first thought was, if I was gluten free or vegan, this place sounds good.Ogden serves Brunch but we got there for the lunch menu. The menu has soup, salad, pasta, pizza and entrees with a lunch menu with a few sandwiches.  I decided to have tomato soup and an arugula salad with apple.The Tomato soup was actually quite good.  Service was very quick and everyone was friendly.  The waitress had to give us the quote of the day from Lao Tzu and when we asked for another one, she was actually ready with more.  The salad was the problem.  While the ingredients were fresh and tasty by themselves, it was basically thrown together almost as an afterthought.  There was no dressing on the salad, offered to me, or even indicated that it was available.  This is ok, I thought, I don't like dressing on my sald and everyone thinks I am crazy, so victory for me!   However, I do like fresh pepper on the salad... not offered, hot sauce, parmeson, anything? not offered?  Also, aside from the apples, there was nothing distinctive about the salad, just arugula walnuts, apple, and onion.   Very disappointing from a place that would scream salad if you asked me to guess what is good there.The soup was definitively the saving grace. Also you can people watch as everyone walks down Ogden.I will wait a month and see how it is after it has been open for a while.
5	Newly gluten free person....I was literally clapping my hands and jumping up and down like a 5 year old when my friend told me about this place! This place is so cute! It has a real natural feel to it. The tables are bench tables, and drinks are served in MASON JARS!! Yes. MASON JARS! That fact alone will have me eating there again! I haven't had any bread in a while and was craving a sandwich. So I ordered a ginger lemonade and a grilled chicken sandwich that come with a quinoa salad. The lemonade was ON POINT. It was refreshing and had a slight kick due to the ginger. My sandwich tasted really good. It had a huge chicken breast slice! I don't like my sandwiches to have so much meat...so next time I will ask for less (just my personal thang...). I was REALLY surprised at how much I loved the quinoa salad! I will def be back for more!
5	I am not a vegan or a health food guru I am however a foodie and when I am enticed to try a new venue I answer the challenge!WildLV is not pretentious by any means. It has a feel like I'm a little different then your normal restaurant and your going to like eating hereIt was lunch time and the place was busy (good sign) I got seated at what I call the chefs counter. I was reading over the menu and my waiter who was obviously the only one taking orders was very busy  Here is where the magic began A voice across the glass separating the counter from the kitchen asks me What looks good to you? I said to the chef Tatiana what do you recommend?She asked if I liked spicy"love it" and suggested  The spicy red pepper prosciutto pizza .It was great and healthy and it really was pretty big for an individual pizza. She asked me If I like carrot cake I said kinda She told me I would love hers.. I did. It was possible the freshest tasting carrot cake I ever tasted.The menu is really diverse and caters to all tastes Its also in a hip location The ground floor of the Ogden ..Check it out!  Say HI to Elyse the manager she's very personable and cares a great deal if the customers are having a great experience
5	My first time trying this place and it was a success. We ordered quite a bit of food to get a feel for everything. Started off with the beet salad. It was really good. Changed my opinion of beets, they are really quite good. There were red and gold ones in the salad. Next the bruschetta, also delicious. I can't believe the bread was gluten free.  Seriously so good.  Next we ordered two pizzas (white pizza with truffle oil & the margherita) Both were good but the standout was definitely the white truffle. Next time I want to try it with mushrooms. We ordered a few of the GF beers, I think I preferred the Blonde one the best. They were having an event the night we went, so they offered us these adorable tiny cupcakes that were pretty good. Service was very good. Even though they were very busy our waitress, Clara was on it. Also, make sure you check in to get your 15% off, we forgot to use it. Prices seem a little high, but I expect it with GF products. At least our beers were on happy hour.
4	I love this place! Reminds me of SF! So happy to see the change in Las Vegas with new quality eats, serving quality food. Don't forget to try the ginger lemonade and prosciutto sandwich... They are delicious and reasonably priced (hard to find when eating healthy in LV) Easily one of my new favorite lunch spots in town!
5	Great food. Great service. This is a gluten free friendly place with a fusion of the Freemont vibe and Seattle coffeeshop service. Throw in the vegan options and you have just gone "Wild".
4	When I go out to eat, I normally avoid the healthy places, but when a friend really wanted to stick to their diet, I figured this was the perfect place downtown.  WILD is situated inside of the Ogden high-rise off of Ogden (Not Las Vegas Blvd).There is a wide variety of pizza, but I was attracted to the Chicken Tikka Masala Pasta.  A few reviews complained about blandness, which is something I was scared of.  While the pasta didn't have a noticeable "sauce" it was well seasoned and the chicken was full of flavor.  I would have not guessed that it was gluten free.I was hoping to try one of their smoothies or juices but the waiter said they were unavailable (on a Sat night??).  The atmosphere is great, very hipster as you expect from downtown, with rough, wooden tables and neat light fixtures.  The floor to ceiling windows make it great for people watching as people walk from the El Cortez to the Gold Spike.  I recommend for the health freaks who don't want to make the drive to Greens & Proteins over on Eastern/215!
5	Thank You Thank You!  Finally good food and it's Gluten Free!  My first pizza in a year! Fresh salad AND Carrot cupcakes are to die for!
5	I absolutely love this place!!!! I had a cocktail that had kale juice in it!!!!!! I have been searching for an alcoholic beverage that meets my eating habits, and this is the perfect one!  My husband and I shared one of the gluten-free pizzas, which was delicious.  The only thing was that we didn't realize when you order the pizza to share they bring you out TWO separate pizzas... It was a ton of food and we definitely did not need that much.  We just wish they were more clear about how much it was going to be.  Good thing we love left over PIZZA!!Can't wait to go back and try more!Oooo I almost forgot to mention the gluten free, vegan cupcake I had with Avocado icing..... Ummmmm.....It was delicious !!!!
1	My husband brought me to this restaurant during out trip to Vegas.  He found it through yelp and searching for gluten free.  I was so disappointed!   I just don't understand people who liked this place.  The service was terrible.  The restaurant wasn't busy, yet, it took forever to get a seat.  We didn't get drinks either in a timely manner.Then came to the food.  We ordered bruschetta.  It was delicious, however, it sat on the bar waiting on the waitress forever.  We were starving waiting for it.  My husband and I both ordered the pizza.  What a mess!  Tasteless, and bland don't even start to say how poor they were.  The crust was blah, as was the sauce and toppings.  By this time, we were grumpy.  Our drinks didn't get refilled either.  We paid our bill...eventually and left.Did I mention how expensive this was for what we got???   Don't go there!!!!
4	mmmmmmmm! Yum-o!Gluten Free Vegan goodness, BOMB!!  I was incredibly happy with the food and the service!  The curry hummus was deliciously unique and the GF pasta was fabu!HOWEVER, the seating/seats are no bueno - hence the single star deduction!  Not the most comfy for my rump.  But I'll definitely go back!  Great vibe, rock on downtown!!!!!
5	Super fabulous food!!!  Nice atmosphere and great service:) creative gluten free options. So good~
2	The decor and effort to provide a decent gluten-free food establishment in Las Vegas is on point, however, the ingredients in some dishes contain MSG and in many cases are inflammatory (defeats the purpose of eat gluten-free in the first place).  As someone who's healed an auto-immune disease through diet,  I would not consider this establishment a wise choice for celiac patients or any other auto-immune disease.  Rather it is a refreshing watering hole for people who don't mind a tasty gluten-free bread replacement with their meal.Would also be great if they had a non-dairy cheese option that does not contain msg or casein so that people with dairy allergies can enjoy their product.I really like the vibe of the place and hope they modify their menu in a way that is more consistent with a gluten-free lifestyle.Update:  The good news is that Wild has parted ways with Miki Agrawal and appointed Natalie Young to make the menu more interesting.  It may not be as health minded as originally intended, but at least all the ingredients won't be falling off the Sysco truck.
4	The only place we found in Vegas that has gluten free food. It was delicious! We had the prosciutto sandwich and the white pizza. The sandwich was great. The pizza was a little bland, but with a little salt was great. I wish they offered sandwiches with more calories. Food was a little too health conscious for my liking.
5	This place is awesome!!!! I haven't had anything I did not love! Great food, great drinks, great service. Check it out!!!
4	I would love to leave a longer review but all that need to be said is, "Go to Wild!". Absolutely amazing on all levels. The owner even came by and thanked us. She was so welcoming as was the rest of the staffPizza, amazing. Soup, amazing. Tres Leches cupcakes, amazing. "Go to Wild!"
5	My second visit to wild  with my two kids. Everything about this place is exceptional. The restaurant it self is absolutley lovely.  Food , no dought in me these people have a love and passion for good healthy food.  Lemon pasta was light and well balanced with flavor and not trenched with a heavy cream sauce. Dessert , the apple pie was so dam good , I all most started speaking in tongues. So, looking forward to my next visit to Wild.  Thank you, the Camacho family
5	Yes please! Vegetarians paradise.  I had the white pizza...it was delicious...the crust was crispy!  Everything on their menu is gluten free....great location and just really great and filling...good prices too...I will be back!
5	Absolutely delicious! Went in with two friends while hanging out downtown on a Saturday night. No wait (compared to the 1 hour wait at Le Thai...geez) My friends both got the Green Giant (not sure of exact name) cocktail, gin and kale juice, surprisingly super yummy. Short but nice beer list. The soup special (carrot and ginger) was thick tasted just like a fresh carrot, tasty. Their quinoa salad was nicely plated and good as well. The Tikka Masala pizza...I can not recommend enough, so frickin good! I got the personal pizza but you could easily share it. The Wild White pizza was really good too and the herb mushroom pasta didn't even taste like it was gluten free. Our server, Amanda was really nice and super attentive too.
1	Extremely disappointed and upset. Was really excited to eat here but literally had to walk out because ALL the seating was so uncomfortable it was impossible for me to even sit long enough to order.  I walked next door to Rachel's cafe. Not a place for anyone who has anytype of back/tailbone injury and needs soft seating. All of their chairs are metal or rock hard wood.
4	We made a special trip from the Northwest into town to dine at WILD. Parking was easy, but it was a weekday at 1:30. The decor is quite charming and seating limited if you desire an intimate table for 2 or 4. It was difficult to choose from so many gluten-free options! But we went with a basic pizza and a grilled chicken sand which. For starters we shared a square bowl of their tomato soup. Warning- the soup has a bite to it, so if you're a weenie like myself, be prepared. The pizza was good, nothing remarkable and the chicken sand which was terrific. Although it too had a bite to it , pleasantly surprising for my husband. We were seated next to the pastry display and after gazing at them for 45 minutes were forced to order. Oh my. Oh my, oh my, oh my! The Tres Leche cupcake was divine, probably the best gluten-free dessert I can remember having and I will be back for more. Why did I only give 4 stars? The water  in the bottle we were given was from "filtered tap water". Yuck! It had the weirdest aftertaste and I truly don't understand why it would ever be served.
5	The only full gluten free restraunt in town. I'm so excited to write this review I'm sitting at the bar doing so. Duo yourself a favor and get the jolly  green machine cocktail. Gin, St Germaine, sparkling water... And fresh squeezed kale juice. Oh M Gee. I can't explain... How amazing this concept is. I thought I was the only one who used my juicer for alcohol purposes. And the menu.... Vegan options galore! From flat breads to pasta to salads to cupcakes, I'm in heaven. Katie the bartender is freaking awesome too. Come check Out this hidden gem downtown in the odgen.
3	Love this concept, loved the restaurant look and feel, but the food was nothing great. Some of the dishes that seemed vegan actually had cream garnished on top of them (dairy is not stated on their menu under the item description) and had to be sent back (quinoa salad). Cocktails were great!!! And the vegan cupcakes were soooo good! That was the highlight of out brunch, but the pizzas and pasta dishes were very bland. Sorry to say I will not be back :(
4	On Day 2 of our Vegas Family Vacation, after scrounging around trying to find food I could eat safely, I finally had the brilliant thought to put "gluten free" into my Yelp search and found this place, just a couple blocks away from us. WILD serves up locally grown/sourced completely gluten free fare. The server told us no gluten enters the place, which is good news for celiacs.We arrived around 6 on Wednesday night. There was only one other party in the restaurant. There were people eating in the bar, too. We were immediately greeted by the bartender and some people sitting in the one comfy booth by the kitchen (women who had a laptop and appeared to be doing some paperwork. One of them asked how everything was as we were walking out, so I presume they worked here).Now, my youngest, who is 8, was super cranky on the walk over, having been unable to nap. We were worried, but she had a nice time here and relaxed quite a bit.I liked the decor: rustic wood meets industrial. Initially we were seated at the picnic table, but it was not comfy, so I asked if we could move to another table. (I like that table better too, said our server, leading me to wonder why he hadn't seated us there in the first place. Although he was super duper nice).We ordered 3 pizzas. Local mozzarella with cherry tomatoes and basil, and the chicken tikka marsala. One pizza ($9) could be big enough for 2, but there were 4 people eating pizza, and we ended up eating all of it. My son ordered the wild mushroom pasta. I also got the ginger lemonade, which is made fresh (chunks of lemon and seeds to prove it!) and pleasantly sour ($4, no refills).I really liked the gluten-free crust. It was more like a flatbread pizza, crunchy yet chewy. I loved the mozzarella and the cherry tomatoes were sweet, though I wished they'd been cut up and distributed more instead of plopping whole ones on top. The chicken tikka marsala was also good-- actually I could not discern any chicken at all and figured it was cut up into the marsala. The wild mushroom pasta consisted of a bowl of vegan spaghetti noodles broken into two-inch pieces, topped with lightly sauteed mushrooms and (vegan cheese?) and raw spinach. It had no sauce on it. I guess it didn't say it did in the description, either. It was bland. I thought it was a pretty pricey bowl of nothing for $14. He did not eat much of it.We also got a plate of sauteed veggies for my kids to eat, since they hadn't eaten a proper veggie in a couple days. This was a generously sized platter of broccoli and red peppers and mushrooms.We also got vegan cupcakes: the dulce de leche, chocolate with coffee frosting, and the spinach kale with avocado frosting (yes, you read that right). I liked the dulce de leche the best-- you could not tell it was vegan. I liked the coffee-tinged chocolate frosting because it cut the sweetness of the chocolate, though that one didn't taste non-vegan like the dulce de leche. The spinach kale was surprisingly good-- it tasted like a spice cake with a sour cream cheese frosting.So, definitely stop here if you're in Vegas and need to have some gluten free food. The people in there are really nice, and nobody was smoking, and everything was clean. A good break from the hubbub.Two suggestions for the place: tweak the pasta dish we had to be, well, tasty. And,let the customer have the one booth in the entire place that has padded seating (or just get comfier chairs).
4	This was my first visit to Wild and to an entirely gluten-free menu. I was pleasantly surprised at just how good everything was. The owner stopped by our table and was very receptive to additional ideas and is always looking for ways to improve. I started with a grilled cheese and tomato soup. It was very hearty! We decided to split two desserts to up our sweetness. We opted for the Tres Leches cupcake and the apple pie. Both were even better than they looked!I'll definitely come back. I really want to try the pasta!
4	The pizza I ordered was the veggie gluten free pizza. Of course it wasn't as good as the real thing but it sure was tasty! The ginger lemonade was also great and the staff was super friendly.
5	The drink menu is amazing ! They have plenty of vegan, vegetarian, and gluten free options even in drinks and dessert!  Great for a drink and s snack.
5	I brought a party of 14 ladies here for my sister's bachelorette party last weekend. I was utterly impressed. The space is modern, rustic, with a hipster vibe. Our server (whose name escapes me, as it was a very eventful weekend) was awesome. She had an answer to all our questions and handled our large party with poise. The food was simply delicious. The entire menu is gluten free and they also have tons of vegetarian and vegan options. The pizzas had a thin crunchy crust and the topping combinations are interesting and totally yum. We also sampled their salads and pastas, nobody was disappointed. They were also able to give us all separate checks, which was incredibly helpful. Overall it was a five star experience and I will come back every time I am in Vegas!
4	Nice little place in The Ogden. Rustic-looking interior goes with the entire nature-goodness/organic/gluten-free mantra of the restaurant itself. I have no need to eat gluten free and I'll be the first person to say, hey, sometimes I eat Taco Bell, so obviously I am not a food purist. However - WILD lives up to expectations as to what it is and how its food should  taste - an all natural, pleasantly surprising experience awaits you.\The menu boasts flat-bread pizzas for the most part, but I was not interested in those. Instead I opted for their delicious (not to mention picturesque) bruschetta. Topped with usual suspects of tomatoes (yellow and red), basil, mint, mozzarella, sunflower seeds, and a balsamic. All together presents a sweet and spiced-up medley of flavors.I also enjoyed their tomato soup. I creamy-grainy rendition which packs quite a punch of flavor in every bite.Lastly, I ended with a slice of apple pie, which I hate to say, was pretty dang bad. Very dry and flavorless. I suspect this may be from the gluten-free and less-sugary ingredients that went in the pie to make it natural and gluten free. It was really lacking that sumptuous apple-pie flavor and texture I am so used to.Besides the dessert, my experience was great. Service was good and food, although on the pricey side, lives up to the standards the restaurant boasts.
2	They think pretty highly of themselves. Lots of gluten free stuff which is ok. But kinda overpriced for what it is IMO. Paying for location and atmosphere vs. originality and sustenance. I tried it, but that's probably as far as it will go. Note: The staff was very friendly and accommodating but very forgetful.
3	I'm back and forth on this place. I am for the most part on a gluten free diet. I do cheat, but I have allergic reactions to it. I have a friend that is a vegan, so we wanted to accommodate her. They do have a pretty small menu to choose from. So, that was not a challenge in finding something to eat. The only thing that really caught my eye was the pizzas. Oddly enough, we went on a Sunday and this is prime time for Vegas and the brunch goers. Most places you try to go to for brunch in town are packed. This place was dead - I think there was only one other person in the restaurant. In order for this place to keep going, they must be kickin' some serious ass during the week or at night. It is in a corporate building and it's an odd location. I had the Spicy Prosciutto Pizza - To my surprise, it was very good. The sauce was excellent and it had a perfect amount of topping. The crust was okay, it is gluten free. Anything that is bread without gluten is usually disgusting. Like dried out spongy cardboard. But, I was surprised at how well they did with making it taste as normal as possible. I had tried some of the pastas that my friends got and they were okay. Very dry tasting, very bland and I could tell they were not happy because they barely ate any of it. Another plus, the mimosas were good! Also, the waitress was super nice and made sure we were taken care of well. The staff was friendly and the food and drinks came out very promptly! Not sure if I'll go back. If I do, it'll be because of another vegan or gluten free friend.
2	I wanted to like this place considering it stands alone as an organic gluten free restaurant, but here's the issue... First off, it's tiny, and not at all comfortable to eat in.  I get that it's going for a hipster vibe which I like, but the plastic chairs are just not fun to sit in.  The decor is cool otherwise.  Ok, now for the menu.  It's limited, but they do make their own pizza dough which is unique around here.  The pizza is good.  The pasta on the other hand...It's bland.  I've tried a couple different ones and they are not at all interesting.  I ordered the Cecca which is basically pasta with tomatos, basil and shrimp.  I told the server i was allergic to shellfish so could I replace with chicken.  Didnt know that meant he was going to add $4 to the total.  So my $16 pasta with tomatos and shredded chicken turned into $20 and it sure didnt taste like a $20 pasta.  My friend asked for a vegan pizza.  Server brought her one with cow cheese.  She asked to make sure it was vegan when it arrived and he said "yeah, o wait... you wanted vegan cheese?  well..how much is on there?"  implying she could scrape it off?! I get so annoyed when places that are supposed to cater and pride themselves on serving allergy friendly food, act all inconvenienced when they make a mistake and you cant eat it.  Sorry, i just dont want to die or anything....my bad.. Plus im saving you th trouble of having to carry my lifeless body out the back.He brought her a new pizza, i ate while we waited for hers.  Didnt offer to take my pasta back to keep warm, didnt take anything off the bill.  just awkward.I understand that this is the only option for gluten free organic in vegas, but sooo not impressed.  These places are all over LA and NY so I was excited, but o so let down.  Mediocre service, bland-ok food, not comfy, pricey.  pass...
3	I came into WILD after the gym and had dinner at the bar. The salad I ordered came out fairly quickly while the pizza took half an hour. I liked the smoked tofu in the salad but the dressing was too sour. The ingredients on the pizza worked really well together but there was too much lemon vinaigrette on top which overpowered the goat cheese and the caramelized onions.
5	I decided to check this place out after seeing some positive comments on facebook. I was warmly greeted and told it would be a moment when I entered. It was lunch time and very busy. I chose to sit at the bar to speed the process up. I was served water quickly and asked if I would like anything else to drink. I placed my order, the Veggie Burger with potato salad, all vegan and gluten free by the way. As I'm waiting for my lunch to arrive a fresh bowl of guacamole shows up. She was walking so fast I really didn't get time to tell her I didn't order it. We had a brief conversation about this being my first time here, I really wasn't sure if she was just letting me try it out. I let it sit for a minute thinking she might realize it and come back, but then my hunger took over. I figured I would just pay for it. Of course, a few minutes later she came by and said she had given it to the wrong table. She was very nice about and joked about it being vegan as well. The guac was fantastic. Just the right amount of everything. My lunch shows up and wow! First off this is not a barely warmed over Boca burger. Nothing against the fine folks at Boca, but some restaurants keep these frozen pucks on hand for the sake of having something vegetarian on the menu. The Chef at Wild has put a great deal of thought and care into this baby. It had a nice crust on it which is rare in the veggie burger world. This thing is bursting with flavor! I would love to know what all is in it. Oh and the gluten free bun, puffy and light as air. Again not sure how they pulled that one off. My vegan potato salad was a treat as I don't get to have that too often. I will say the onions were a bit overpowering. I don't think there were too many I just think they were really strong. The service was excellent, priced very fair and cool feel to the place.  Very nice guy bartender who was very attentive. I will be back to this little Downtown jewel.
5	It is not often I am able to obtain vegan food that taste great. I was pleasantly surprised. This place is downtown where there is a plethora of greasy, fat, carb dangerous foods.     My bartenders name was Art. He was very nice and well informed. The entertainment that nite was perfect.     Overall great place....
1	Horrible over priced food and bad service. I loved going to this place before the management / owner change. They fired all the good staff members and what is left is incompetent waiters.
5	I have been to Wild several times for lunch and dinner and I have yet to be disappointed. The food is excellent and the service is always amazing. The other day, I had the Ahi Tuna burger, and that  was SO good. The nachos there are really delicious, too. I also had a Gluten Free Blonde Ale that went with everything perfectly! It's refreshing to eat gluten free pasta/bread/pizzas that are well prepared and really great! I also took a bite of my friends veggie burger and it was delicious! I have yet to try anything there that wasn't great, and I can't wait to take my best friend, who is gluten intolerant,  there this coming week! Finding a tasty gluten free restaurant in Vegas is hard, unless you make your way to the the Odgen Hotel and enjoy a meal at Wild! Btw the gluten free carrot cake cupcake is REALLY good. Mmm... Save some room!
5	This place is amazing! I come here often and love it more and more each time. The service is great and the food is superb. I love how healthy their options are. Definitely some place you need to check out. Right In The middle of the new and improved downtown area. You won't regret it :)
1	Believe... BELIEVE the negative comments on Yelp about this place.  I think this place would be a welcome respite from Vegas's slow response to address a market with growing dietary sensitivities.  So, I can see why locals would like this place, but seriously, if you live in any other major city, this place would be on the bottom of your GF establishment lists.Uncomfortable?  Yes.  Tables small, even for the audaciously meager portions?  Yes.  Poorly educated waiters who clearly haven't gotten familiar with different types of diets, allergies and the fact that these are the sole contributing factors to why anyone would come to this place?  A HUGE YES.  A place where you'll walk in hungry and walk out hungry?  Yup.  Overpriced, too.Service was slow.  I waited 30 minutes for my server to come over.  After she complained about a huge party that was taking up her time, I looked around to see a room full of empty chairs.  When she was at our table (clearly indicating this "inconvenienced" attitude) she wasn't familiar with the ingredients on the dishes and had to run back to have long conversations with the chef.  Even TGIFrday employees know ingredients.  THIS IS A SPECIALTY RESTAURANT THAT CATERS TO PEOPLE WHO CARE A HELLUVA LOT ABOUT INGREDIENTS.  Servers need to meet an acceptable level of standards related to its clientele.Sorry to hate on this place so much, but seriously, this is some full-of-itself amateur hour stuff.  The impractical (yet beautiful) interior design is not enough on it's own.  Just because you're the only game in town for the Zappos crowd doesn't mean you shouldn't step up your game at all.
5	I love Wild and all it great healthy minded food. I especially Love Elyse and her great staff. Wild downtown Las Vegas Favorite !!
5	If you're looking for a dining spot that offers healthy and tasty food, WILD is the place for you! I usually have my lunch to-go, and I love the meal options there. Food is very comforting and I don't feel heavy after my meal. Plus, I can satisfy my sweet tooth with the delicious desserts!If you haven't tried this place yet, check it out when you get chance!
5	This place is Omazing' for numerous reasons. I have yet to try something that was not to my liking. I used to think gluten was the good stuff in food. Nope! The chefs @WILD create some of the most delicious items that you would not believe were vegan or gluten free. I smashed the chili the last time I was there and did not know it was vegan. It was meaty (so I thought), juicy and full of flavor. I recommend EVERYTHING! The lentil curry, the nachos and the ginger lemonade with a shot of vodka. Those are my suggestions!
2	The vibe was pretty nice, but I have to say the food quality was less than average.I've never thought a flatbread with Prosciutto, marinara and basil can go wrong like this. I won't waste my time describing in details but simply, it wasn't tasty. Also the pasta was not only too greasy but the pasta was overcooked.It was a typical "it tastes worse than it looks" kind of experience.What a bummer.
5	I love this place! So many amazing, healthy choices! My friend and I split the nachos which were simply perfect. Then I moved on to the zucchini spaghetti, it was just like eating spaghetti when I was a kid again but of course a much healthier version. I really enjoy the attention to detail that the entire staff showed through my experience as well. They all had great suggestions on everything. This is a must when visiting downtown....or better yet a reason to go downtown. See you again soon Wild LV!
5	I had a very nice experience at WILD a few months back. The chicken sandwich was very juicy and tasty, the service was very good and the ambiance was peaceful and friendly. I must say that the dessert was heavenly, Tatiana is one the best pastry chefs I've ever known. This is a wonderful place to go for healthy, and tasty selection of great foods to fit most palates. Go check out WILD and see for yourself.
4	Staying in the downtown area for July 4th weekend. Decided to try out Wild; and glad we did. Really good food (they also have a bar). Had fig salad and ahi tuna burger; very delicious and healthy. Atmosphere is nice. Service was attentive and nice too. Menu is limited, but it's on their site, so check it out. Be forewarned, I think only street parking and the oven roasted chicken on the menu is only available after 5p.This place is worth a try. So check it out if you are in the area! Definitely would go again.
5	It is rare to encounter a dining experience that not only encompasses, but exceeds all aspects of satisfaction!  WILD is a true Vegas gem!  The food is impeccably prepared and presented in the most appealing manner...and the taste is an exquisite combination of intoxication to the palate!  In addition, the service is unlike any other, the staff is very attentive and efficient and gives nothing less than perfection!  It's is because of this complete experience that I am, and always will be, a loyal patron of WILD!
5	I've loved this place from the moment they've opened. To begin, the service is always stellar, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is intimate and relaxing. I love being able to leave feeling full but not that "oh crap why did I eat that" full. A healthy full. I didn't mention the desserts. If you don't do anything, do the desserts. I once walked from Container Park here just for a cupcake.WILD is a great spot downtown and working downtown, it is a place I often recommend.
5	This is quite a bit off the strip, but if you have to eat gluten free, THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS!!!!!    Everything in the place is GF!  Flat bread is amazing for GF!  We had curry hummus that was stellar and all had pizza's.  The pizza was great, the staff was super friendly and well trained!   The price point was super affordable!  I wish this place was near my house, I'd be there several times a week!
5	Great place if you are gluten-free! Erick (our waiter) took wonderful care of our party of three. I had the lemon chicken pasta and it was yummy!!! I enjoyed the flatbread, too.
3	I expected this place to be super fancy and taste like diet food. I was surprised that the atmosphere was very relaxed. (our server had Lavender hair and jeans) I ordered a White Pizza, but with red sauce since I HATE ricotta. I also eat a delicious salad with pomegranate dressing. Nothing blew me away flavor-wise, but because I was meeting a friend and we usually talk for hours upon hours, its important that we find a place where we can be left alone to catch up and not be rushed. We dined on a Monday so there was a small lunch rush, but after that it was very quiet. This is a place to just chill and eat healthy without feeling like you are.
5	LOVE this place. Love that they have so many great gluten free options and that they are unique. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the fresh food, kind staff and desserts.
5	Why isn't Vegas buzzing about this place?! It's trendy, healthy, gluten free, vegan friendly, uses locally grown ingredients, and the staff is awesome. Plus it's in the heart of downtown and reasonably priced. We'll be back!
5	Any place that offers gluten free options gets my vote and my business.But I was incredibly surprised that a BAR has a GLUTEN FREE and HEALTHY menu.  Whaaaa?!!!!  Awesome!They are really friendly here, too.  So that helps. The GF pizza is delicious!
5	Superb to get a totally gluten free place in Vegas! Loved the food and helpful waitress! Awesome!
3	Cute and good spot downtown especially when you are trying to be good.  Had my first chocolate vegan cupcake here and it was amazing. Currently doing the Daniel fast and have had the zucchini pasta which is good and getting the quinoa which I have had in the past, also very good!
5	Feel free to order anything off this menu if you have a gluten sensitivity like I do! Oh the freedom! ! Drinks are fabulous especially during the daily happy hour from 3pm- 6pm. And every single person that works here is super friendly and attentive.  My boyfriend and I came 6 months ago and had the best meal in forever, we've been looking forward to coming again and definitely were not dissapointed.
3	This is a mostly vegan/vegetarian restaurant but they do have fish, shellfish and chicken on the menu. But no other meat.Ahi and Shrimp Poke:The ahi and shrimp were tasty and citrusy. You can do away with the chips that it comes with though. The chips seem stale and ordinary. 3/5Quinoa Salad:Huge portion.  It has quinoa, pine nuts on a bed of spinach. A variety of textures and lots of flavors. 4/5Spaghetti Limon with Chicken:I wouldn't classify this as healthy as it has butter, cream and cheese. But is it tasty? Yes. But it's a trap! 3/5It's pretty dark here at night. Reminds of somebody's basement with the lighting and the decor. Great service though.
4	I was invited to come back and give this place another go, and am happy to say there have been some improvements.  The service was muuuuuuuch better!  The manager assured me that the service is now awesome in general.  The food was yummy.  We had the guacamole and some flatbreads.  I had a much much better time.  Still feel like it's too expensive, but thats because I'm used to California where you find organic all over the place, but it is nice that vegas is coming around :)
5	Absolutely loved this place! 100% gluten free kitchen - whaaaaat? Great vibe/decor, great food, great service. If I lived in Vegas, I would be back here often! But alas...
5	A refreshing addition to the revitalized downtown...fresh healthy food, a cool hang out bar, and even Vegan cheesecake that makes you wonder if it is all too good to be true!Chef Judy and her staff make the dining experience feel like you are eating at a friends place!  LOVE IT!!!
4	This place was pretty good and I would definitely go here again. Prices are a bit higher than average and location sucks but I wish them the best of luck
3	I would give this place 4 stars for the taste of the food, because it is great if you are open to different tasting things (for the better, because they are gluten free). The only thing, out of the items I tried, was the brownie... I love brownies, but it makes sense that this one was really weird (gluten free). It was different. I didn't enjoy it as much, but someone else might. My favorite to get there is the pizza with the goat cheese. SO GOOD!!! The only reason I gave this a 3 star is because when I went twice, they forgot to make my order, and had to wait twice as long, which already dimmed my mood to eat. Service is really important to me. I understand it happens, but twice, same reason?
3	Very sad that The owners of Wild Are taking the restaurant in a different direction... I don't believe the struggling location had a problem with the menu.. The food was great and had some nice vegan options for us to enjoy....the problem seemed to be marketing and signage. Time will tell if my my plant based eating friends and family  will be able to continue to enjoy the restaurant or not. I really hope they don't turn it into another subpar bar food restaurant.
2	I wanted to like this place!  I want to encourage more local places with this kind of concept but:Drinks were weak, good flavor but not worth the price for so little alcohol.  In the chicken masala the chicken was dry, sauce was very sparse without any creaminess and there was no flavor besides spicy.  Fig salad and flatbread were mediocre.  Wait staff was very nice and knowledgable.
5	Easily one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The food and service are superb. The only thing that could make it better is brunch options!
1	Went into the wild this weekend nice looking place service was horrible not a friendly environment customer service is at a low
5	Spiked ginger lemonade and american mules are to die for, flatbreads, pasta, salads, everything on the menu is out of this world! I keep coming back for the great service, delicious food, awesome craft drinks, and hip ambiance, and am never let down. What more could you ask for?!
3	The service was great but the food was ok. Nothing really stood out.  Would only come back because they are gluten free and my in law can't eat wheat.
2	Unfortunately it wasn't a good experience.  Server was really nice, but three dishes we ordered weren't available.  We weren't told until after the order was placed.  They had other gluten free options but we really wanted the roasted chicken (not flatbread or pasta).  Both my husband and I ordered it.  They were also out of the arugula salad.  The other dishes we ordered weren't satisfying because we had our hearts set on the chicken.  Server brought us s dessert pizza (too sweet) and discounted the bill by 50% to apologize.  Really appreciated that.
4	Wonderful service and delicious, fresh food!
5	Depeche Mode and grilled cheese. Have some wine while you try to forget you live in Vegas. Relax while a tall crust punk makes your snack.
