1	I brought my Isuzu Rodeo into this location of Brakes Plus during the first week of January 2010 because I received a coupon in the mail and had heard the radio commercials. Everything started off great. I was greeted by a nice guy named Kenny. I explained to him that I heard some squeaking and minor grinding when I slowed and asked him to check my brakes. I told him that I had just had one set replaced within the previous 6 months by Big-O but couldn't recall which set. I left the car and went to the movies with my wife. About 2 hours later Kenny called and told me that I needed to replace front and back brakes and that my shocks where shot and needed to be replaced. By this time I had already run home (prior to the movie) and checked my Big-O receipt to see which set had been replaced. It was the front brakes, in June 2009. So when he told me both needed to be replaced I again told him they had just been replaced within the past 6 months. He said the pads were completely cracked and that he was authorized by his manager to do a core trade-in which would save me $20-30 if I wanted to just avoiding having to deal with Big-O and have Brakes Plus replace the brakes. At this point I had no reason to distrust Kenny so I was completely livid with Big-O. I chose not to replace the front brakes because I wanted to take the car back to Big-O, slam my keys on the counter and yell WTF!! I did choose to have the back brakes replaced but passed on the shocks because it wasnt in the budget.Brakes Plus finished with the car at nearly 5pm (I dropped it off at 10am) and I drove straight to Big-O. After a brief unpleasant exchange with the store manager they pulled my Rodeo into the shop immediately and with me standing right there pulled the wheels off and extracted the brake pads.Nothing. The brake pads were in great shape. No cracks, no unusual wear. Nothing. I was so embarrassed I wanted to crawl under a rock and hide. At that point I asked them to inspect my shocks. They were fine. Told me I probably had another 10-15K miles left on them. Argg! Did I really even need back brakes? I have no idea. Either way, this is a customers greatest fear when their car needs work, being taken advantage of by the mechanic. The behavior is unethical and unprofessional. I'm still trying to decide whether I should contact the Better Business Bureau or not.If you need brakes, take your car any place else but Brakes Plus.
1	I went in a few months ago to have them replace a fuse because my headlights were out. The mechanic at the front desk stated that there was a problem with the wiring and he'd have to have it looked at so they could find which wire needed replaced. He quoted me an hourly rate and didn't know how long it would take to find. I went with my gut and took it to a gas station garage instead, they replaced my fuse and my lights have worked ever since. These guys are scammers. Don't trust them with anything but an oil change.
1	If people would take 5 minutes to read reviews they could save hundreds by avoiding these rip off artists. They are the classic auto repair scammers. Took my car in for one of their coupon specials and got a call an hour later saying I needed $450 in repairs. Rotors were shot the manager insisted -- could not be turned, plus a couple of other things. Went round and round with the guy and finally just told him to do the work in the package price. After he told me they wouldn't warranty the job, I told them I didn't care -- just do it. (I know, I should have just taken the car someplace else). Well it's a year later and the brakes have operated flawlessly. Had them checked at another repair place after I regained my senses and they said the rotors were in great condition. I wonder how many people fall for their scam.
1	Went in cause my brakes were grinding. Thought it'd be MAYBE $200 bucks. Turns out $700. That's fine and all. Brakes seem good now. But then a few weeks later, started having all these other problems with the car that I've NEVER had
1	I took my vehicle into this location to have the Rack and Pinnion replaced and they replaced the Rack and Pinnion without even checking the bushings or telling me they needed replacement. A month later the car was making noise and I toopk it to a different shop to check it. They found the bushings were completely missing and the rack was loose from the previous shop(Brakes Plus), AND the control arm bracket that was removed from Brakes Plus to install the rack, was not even hooked back up and just hanging there, Thus the loud thunk whenever I turn or hit a bump. This car has never made any noises prior to taking it to them and when I went back, theye gave me every excuse they could to not repair it. Old, Worn, Not From Us, Shocks, Struts, Brakes, Whatever they could get away with. DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOP IF YOU VALUE YOUR CAR OR YOUR LIFE. THEY DO NOT KNOW WHAT THE HELL THEY ARE DOING AND ARE CROOKED AS A 3 DOLLAR BILL.I DONT KNOW HOW THEY CAN GET AWAY WITH THIS PRACTICE. SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST PLAIN STUPID.......
4	This place is great! I took my car for a brake inspection and they took it in right away. Within a half hour I was told what I needed and explained in detail. I asked if they could repair my brakes that same day and they said "yes". I even took it in later in the day after work. I like that fact that they are not super pushy and honest. Keep up the great work, I will be coming back for future repairs. Oh yeah the manager is friendly and easy to work with!!
5	OMG the staff and management here are fantasticAnd reliable. Prices are very reasonable if not justOutstanding .They inspected my car and fixed it right the first timeI will refer them to everyoneThank You Breaks PLUS.
