5	Wow. This location by far (literally) is the closest to a lot of the peeps that are too lazy to make the trip to Hendo for this awesome dessert! So I say this to you guys out there, TAKE FULL ADVANTAGE OF THIS LOCATION WHILE THEY ARE STILL HERE. For now these guys are trying different spots and this particular spot in the parking lot of the Telus company (basically on the corner of Decatur and Obannon), should not be a "trip" according to some people.For those that have not tried it, either make that trip to their original spot off of Boulder Highway in Henderson or come back to this location next Wednesday, July 3rd. Based on the reception these guys receive, they might make it a regular stop. So lets get on out there and support these guys! Make sure to like them on Facebook so you can keep up to date on their schedule for things can change just like that.Ok, enough about that, now lets get to what I got! What I got was my usual Green Tea Snow Ice topped with Sweetened Condensed Milk along with Mochi Bits. Have you ever had Green Tea Mochi? Well, this tastes exactly like that but way better and cheaper too! What I love about it is the Green Tea Shave Ice by itself is not sweet cuz it tastes just like how green tea is supposed to taste like. When you add the Sweetened Condensed Milk which for me is just a drizzle, it gives it that small amount of little sweetness that brings out the flavor of the green tea. Add that with mochi and its dessert heaven for me!Some random info: The hours for this location is 3 pm to about 10 pm depending on how busy they are. You can sample any one of their flavors. Make sure to get a stamp card. If you get the monster size, you can mix two flavors together. There is a 30 cent charge for using plastic. Feel free to bring your own folding chairs and/or tables.So Frostbites, you got me hooked. I don't think I can ever look at other Snow Ice places the same way you guys got me looking at yours.
5	I guess coming here two Wednesdays in a row makes me an official Frostbites addict!  Thank you, thank you, thank you to the owners for choosing to grace us with a westside appearance once a week.  I am definitely one of the people that wouldn't have initially driven to Johnny Mac's parking lot to check it out.The guys in the truck are really friendly and let us sample a few of the flavors before ordering.  They have 4 sizes of bowls and regular is splittable but some people might not want to share since it's THAT good.  Even though I liked a lot of the flavors, I've ordered the "Ex-Strawbinery" topped with strawberries and strawberry condensed milk both times.  So...fucking...good.  I need to put strawberry condensed milk on more things in life.My wife ordered the black sesame the first time and green tea the second and loved both of them but would give the nod to black sesame as her #1.  We also had the pleasure of sampling the banana which is perfect for 100+ degree weather.  I think I like this more than frozen yogurt now.  See you next Wednesday!  Looking forward to their brick and mortar store next month!
4	I've never had this shaved ice thing before.  In my mind it was just ground up ice cubes which is how we made it when I was a kid.  Either that or a generic gas station slushie.  It's this whole other thing though.  It's like thin slivers of ice folded onto itself.  It really does give an illusion of ice cream.I got a kids size which was overfilled and quite a lot more food than it looks.  I think it was under $3 which sounds fair.  The monster size just looks ridiculous.  I was looking at websites for similar businesses.  Some of them have sugar-free toppings which would be nice here.  Overall though, there were tons of toppings.  Sugar overload.They accept credit cards (for a small extra fee) which can be convenient for people like me who rarely carry cash.I just got some vanilla flavoring with it and that was it, but even with the limited topping it was fantastic.
5	Last day for this location was Wednesday the 7.31.13.Wonder if they will merge these reviews with their new location coming up near Spring Mtn and Decatur this month?Until then...gotta drive all the way out to Boulder Highway past Lake Mead. :(Here is a pic of the new Banana shave, with graham crackers, mochi, and sprinkles :
5	Yummy and delicious... I LOVE the strawberry flavor. Melts in my mouth... Can't wait until they move to the Chinatown location by Monta Ramen!
