5	Hooters is always good.  At least I haven't ever had a bad time.
4	Good service, good wings. Good full bar with daiquiris from fat Tuesdays. Only curley fries I enjoy. Added addtl wing sauce flavors.
5	My friends and I really, really enjoy this Hooters. The food is always fresh and crisp. The manager and all the girls that work here are so nice, friendly and attentive. By far my favorite Hooters.
4	Had boneless wings mild buffalo sauce. It was good except I could not taste the sauce at all. The music was to loud for my taste, and with the bare floors it had an echo to it.
4	As far as hooters go its pretty good. One of my guilty pleasures, and one that i rarely allow myself to indulge in is wings, (I worked hard to lose weight yaknow! So I enjoy my vices in moderation)The flavor was as good as other locations, the service was steller, everything was just fine, just trashy enough to be a Hooters, but not so overboard as to make me uncomfortable. But the wings, one proud, juicy and huge, were now average sized, and they seemed to skimp on the sauce in order to sell containers of additional sauce on the side. , and not just the blue cheese, i mean the flavoring.... all in all, it was good quality, but cutting corners like this while still charging premium prices makes me wonder how long this location will remain open. Is this what happened to Superstition Springs?
5	5 Stars, I can't say they have the best food in town or any good food.  Some people rave about their wings....really...seriously!?  Anyways.....However, this location does get 5 stars for one reason -- Service!  They were very gracious in accommodating my large party.  Especially, on a free UFC fight night like they have!  Yes, free UFC here!  They went above and beyond what they had to do and they my friends; that's an A+ regardless of their food -- I'll eat your wings because you're awesome!  The place wasn't packed and I was sitting alone at my table.  I told the manager my group is coming I swear, but when he told me it doesn't matter as long as I'm happy -- you damn right I'm happy; hit me with another pint!  Their staff overall was very friendly and accommodating, but maybe it's for better tips.  In the end, it didn't matter thanks for the smile and great service!The girls here are pretty sexy, but I must say I think overall Hooters need to change up their outfit.  I dig the signature white tee, orange daisy dukes, and ankle high socks, but I didn't grow up in the 70's!  Need to revamp the outfit and menu I think, but hey with service and free UFC fights -- I'll keep coming back! - Enjoy!
5	How does anyone say that Hooters doesn't have the best wings? If those same wings were served in a mom and pop pub in Arcadia or Midtown, there would be 150 reviews with 4-5 stars. But because it's Hooters, food snobs will reach to find fault with them.The service is outstanding. I've brought my rowdy 3 year old here and they are always gracious and patient. Let's talk about their service. A lot of restaurants in the Valley could learn a lesson or two about service from this Hooters. The waitresses check up on you constantly making certain your drinks are refilled, dirty plates are removed, and making certain you are happy with the food. And unlike many Hooters, the waitresses don't have attitude here. They are not wannabe models or actresses. They are nice looking friendly hardworking girls who do a great job. There is no attitude or pretense here and this is precisely why I will drive to this location rather than their Scottsdale or Phoenix location. The food is always served hot and crisp which isn't always the case at every Hooters. I don't give 5 stars very ofte
1	If I could rate it any lower I would!  My wife and myself went in and were seated after checking our menus we waited for our server and waited and waited. I tried to get one of the wait staff and watched two other groups get seated and then get their drink orders. After 10 min we just got up and left..we walked by the hostess and she just watched us go.  Never again will we go to this hooters
3	Wound up at Hooters on a Monday night, it wasn't the place we were originally headed for but that's where we stopped. It was about 8:30pm and the place was semi empty, more waitresses than people but everyone was friendly.My date and I were seated pretty quickly, we had pick of the place, our server was Lexxi, who was great at making sure we had what we needed at all times.I ordered the Western BBQ Burger, it had bacon, cheddar cheese, onion rings and bbq sauce on it, this was a huge beefy burger and it was cooked perfectly. The curly fries are fun, though they are not my favorite pick of fries. I also had a crazy sweet tooth and ordered the chocolate mousse cake, it was perfectly sweet! Layers of cake & chocolate mousse where the perfect blend and cured my sweet tooth for sure!   I did order a Hurricane and have to say to me it seemed to be missing something, like the booze part haha, but it tasted good.  Over all food was good, had a good time down at Hooters.
4	Staff was friendly and attentive. I ordered the oysters which where pretty good. My fried tasted crispy but my sliders were overcooked as where my friends chicken he ordered. It was absurdly loud with all the men cheering and shouting each time some character ran to the other side of the field on their TV show. It's really hot here in Phoenix so apparently the uniform here is very heat driven. Had an ok time but they should turn down the TV or just turn it off. It makes the other customers go crazy.
3	Not a fan of this particular location. Every time I've been here the food isn't as good and I've spent way more money than the Tempe location.
1	That's right we're not tipping you, maybe if you had some posture, and weren't sitting on your ass when we came to the door, and maybe if you season your shrimp, and maybe if you didn't charge us double, and maybe if you were more interested in service rather than selling alcohol, and I've seen more menu items in the restroom is in-n-out burger. So why don't you write the zeros on the top line.
4	Megan took care of us today and as soon she left out table, my roommate and I looked at each other and said "She is so good and so nice." She was genuine and attentive. It turns out it was her first day by herself on the floor. Yes she made a couple of errors that affected our order, BUT!...she graciously handled it and the manager, Brian, made everything right. I was so concerned that Megan's mistake would be frowned upon (because we LOVED her) but Brian assured us that she was a respected employee. Bottom line: Brian (manager) and Megan (waitress) took care of us the way all patrons should be taken care of. I want to thank them for making good decisions when approached with concerns. :) Very professional and courteous. :)
4	Wings are wings nothing special, but sports, attractive woman, and cold beer makes this a spot I gladly would return to.
3	First time visiting this location- my husband and i were able to be seated right away on a Friday night (granted it was 8pm) but I hate waiting! I thought the fried pickles were pretty tiny and wish that they were a little bit thicker (so it didn't just taste like breading). Chicken was typical Hooters chicken -nothing special for the price. The one thing that I will say was great is that they do have every NHL playoff game there.
5	Hooters is one of those places you're always guaranteed to have a great time at. Between the environment, food, and fabulous Hooters girls I know I can always count on a good time when I go here. I've been to many Hooters in different states and countries and the staff at the Mesa Hooters are fun, knowledgable, and great girls. I recommend bringing all your friends and family here for an experience you won't be disappointed with.
4	This was my first time at Hooter's and only went because of the location.  It's close to the mall in Mesa.  I was really surprised how great our experience was thanks to our waitress Megan.  She was so nice, funny and attentive.  It's those small things like shaking the ketchup bottle for you, placing a paper towel on your lap, never asking for a water refill, etc.  I would have given it 5 stars, but the hostess was too busy flirting with a table of cute college boys to notice us.  The kitchen was also slow, but it was good.
3	Well they no longer have the Chicken Strip Cheese sandwich and what they replaced it with pretty much sucks. Other than that its like a normal hooters with some new wing flavors and steak fries.
4	Went and got the all you could wings, they were awful. I'm pretty sure I got a batch of wings that had been sitting in the kitchen for an hour. I rate it four stars because my waitress was fabulous. So attentive and friendly and always made sure our drinks were filled. I would go back, just not for the wings!!
3	I have been going to Hooters for quite a long time always loved this place always full of energy big smiles happy people but I have to say on this visit I was less than impressed nobody really greeted me I stood at the door for a good two three minutes and then was told to have a seat wherever I choose which was fine just not very inviting not what I'm used to from Hooters I wasn't there for drinks just dinner with my husband he ordered wings of course and I ordered a chicken sandwich I've never seen wings come out so dry before there was hardly any sauce on them we had to ask her an extra side of sauce but of course that's not the same all in all it wasn't horrible just not comparable to what I know
1	They seriously need to fire the hiring manager in this location.   All anorexic looking girls.  Worse hooters in the valley.
5	I have always been a fan of hooters. I think they have the best hot wings ever. I always get the 3mile, Daytona, samurai, and bbq.  Wingstop   has NOTHING on this place.  Happy hour has half off wings and there is all you can eat wings on Wednesdays. Cant beat that. The onion rings are the best and don't forget the curly fries with cheese!
3	We love coming to hooters we come at least once a week!!! I can't complain about the food but I can't not write a truthful review of this location...The girls here are far from friendly, in fact they seem bothered by accommodating customers and even serving them.The male manager is awful. We saw him put on the NFL games on non hd, when asking the server if they were in dh she said she'd ask, we saw the manager shrug his shoulders as if he doesn't know (even though we saw it wasn't) and told her tell us yes. Lastly, they ran out of fries so had jack in the box fries.... It was awkward and again the manager is seen walking around looking miserable and bored. Wish I could give this location more stars but I'm being nice giving them three as it is. Also, the hostesses seem to hate helping, mumble and walk fairly ahead of you. It's just awful service by most staff and the manager.  Go downtown they are much better!
1	Not good.
3	Who comes for the service? Hooters. Global, Casinos, Wings, Tit$, sports, and beer. Good food and atmosphere. Never come here for the service because it does happen!
2	Great food. Service could be better. Terrible managment. Hostess let friends and other go ahead in line when packed. Managment does not strive for good customer service. Had a manager who really didnt seem to care that we had been waiting and got terrible customer service. She sided with employees and made us feel like we were doing something wrong. Terrible...
5	First time at a Hooters Restaurant and it surly was an A+. The service was beyond amazing and fast. Went their with about 27 other people and everyone received service and only took 45minutes total. I would say this place was amazing and would recommend to anyone looking for a great meal!
