5	I took my FX35 to Incognito only knowing that I wanted to dress it up a little but I didn't a specific plan of what I wanted.  Even though I went without an appointment, Chris took some time to take pictures of my car, hear my price range and my desire to "make it prettier".  In two days he had a proposed design for me, which I LOVED, with body accents and some shading for the wheels.  The soonest appointment was two weeks out but they only had my car for a day and the car wrap has held up beautifully.  I'm stoked because this is something I can have changed out easily every few months or a year as the mood strikes me.  I'm always a little edgy taking my car to a new place but all the guys at the shop treated her as carefully as I do so I felt safe leaving her out of my sight for the day.
5	I took my Ford Raptor to Incognito Wraps for a full wrap in flat black.  I had been personally referred to them by past clients and I felt comfortable with them once I met with them.  They were extremely professional and communicated with me the whole time they had the truck.  They sent me progress pictures and delivered the vehicle back when they had told me it would be completed.  The truck looks amazing!  So many people have inspected their work and told me it is the best wrap they have seen on a Raptor.  There are no seams anywhere.  They did inside the door frames, inside the tailgate, everywhere!  I can not speak highly enough about this company and their work!  If you have even thought about getting your car wrapped then Incognito is the place to go.  I have also had them wrap the helmets for my race team and those came out amazing too!
5	They guys at Incognito Wraps did and awesome job on my truck! couldn't be happier with the customers service but more important was the attention to detail and professionalism. Chris and Lance installed my wrap while Joe and I talked some business. They were totally cool with having me watch as Joe was wrapping one of the new Tesla's they got it. Can't say enough good words!!!
