5	What price would you pay to regain a little bit of your childhood and escape the responsibilities of adulthood.I don't know about you but $2.50 to escape into the sugary bliss that Dozen serves up is more than worth it.  With a different menu of cupcakes available everyday you'll always have something new to feed your sugar rush.  Why not try the Root Beer Float on Saturday, or the Cosmo Cranberry cupcake on Friday, or how about the out of this world Asteroids (chocolate cupcake topped with vanilla butter cream and coco puffs cereal) for a pure kid inspired sugar rush.In any case you can't but help leaving with a smile on your face and frosting on your fingers.
5	I was shocked and pleasantly surprised to find this on my last visit to Pittsburgh.  Cupcakes?!  On Murray?!  Pittsburgh is moving up in the world!My former roommate was enamored with the store because the owners are originally from Chicago.  The owners are young and energetic.  The decor of the store is bright and warm--a touch of trendy, but wholly unpretentious.  When the cupcakes at the display case ran out, the cashier would yell "More cosmo!"  It was if they loved their work.I had the cosmo and vanilla cupcakes.  My roommate had the red velvet.  Delicately decorated with the best toppings, I thought I had fallen into heaven (or risen?)  So I actually bought the cupcakes with me on a 6+ hour flight to the Bay Area.  Even though they were smushed and frosting was all over the box, it was an incredible experience.  Eating them, that is.
5	What an awesome idea!  A store that is full of cupcakes.  Granted, this is a very small whole in the wall.  If you were to blink while walking by, you would probably miss it!  Lucky me, I didn't blink!  Sunday's flavors were Vanilla, Milk Chocolate, Key Lime Pie, Rocky Road, Cafe Mocha and Meteors.  I know the flavors by heart, because I must have looked like a little kid, peering thru the glass, trying to make my selection.  I chose to get them to go to eat later.  I opted for Vanilla, Rocky Road and Cafe Mocha.  OMG.  I can not describe how truly yummy and delicious these precious cupcakes are.  You will have to go there and find out for yourself.They use the finest ingredients, you can taste the sweet cream butter in the butter cream icing.  The vanilla frosting had tiny flecks of vanilla bean in it and was topped with a tiny flower, Cafe Mocha was topped with a coffee bean and the Rocky Road was a glob of milk chocolate icing with marshmallows and nuts.  You will never be able to eat the grocery store variety, again!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! These are without a doubt the best cupcakes you will ever have. The Cafe Mocha is my favorite. I could eat one with every meal and between every meal. Key Lime Pie is a close second.  Vanilla is also too die for. Honestly, there is not a bad one in the mix.
5	Drop your cynical pose and eat a cupcake.  Lots of people are skeptical about the cupcake trend and its (of course) late arrival in the 'Burgh.  This is place is (1) much, much better than New York's Magnolia and (2) one of the best cakes readily available in Pittsburgh.  (3) Because it's a cupcake, you pay for and get a portion for one.  Smart.  This place is especially good if you like your cake "dry" as I do.  So much better than so many other cake options on Murray Ave.Has no one mentioned that Dozen has vegan cupcakes? Well, they do. Or, more my style, they also have a support-local-dairy-farmers cupcake now.Update: And, um, regarding the blind taste test run by the Post-Gazette? That the newspaper found a number of Pittsburghers who prefer the taste of Giant Eagle's chemical rich "bakery" concoctions to Dozen's good buttercream frosting surprises me, sadly, not at all. To each his own.
3	very nice place, but overrated.  I only went for the dollar cupcakes at the beginning of the school year. I still feel like I overpaid.  The icing is tasty, but way too sweet.  The cake was not moist enough.  I will not be returning for seconds, but I do appreciate the food "art" aspect enough to give an extra star.
4	I'm not a big cupcake fan but found theirs to be quite tasty and creative.  A tad on the sweet side but you don't go into a place like this expecting to lose weight.  Apparently the 2 pastry chefs like to experiment with various flavors so you may not get the same cupcake 2 consecutive days.  The cupcakes are also very visually appealing.  The only problem I had was that the cupcakes were on the small side for "gourmet' cupcakes, especially at those prices.  Overall, a pleasant surprise and worth the treat every once in a while.
3	Cute place. Cute cupcakes. Nice people. However the vegan option is usually disappointing and plainly decorated. I've tried many different flavours of Dozen cupcakes at various functions, but the only ones I really liked were the lemon Tiffany blue ones. This is coming from someone who almost only eats chocolate desserts. However none of the other cupcakes have "blown my hair back." I didn't like the Cosmo cupcake that some people seem to love. Granted they look good, but I found them to be dry and not very yummy.
4	Everything about Dozen Cupcakes is effin' adorable. Then again, for an establishment that wheels and deals in cupcakes, the fluffiest and fanciful of all desserts, I wouldn't expect any less.Dozen Cupcakes is a super tiny store tucked into the heart of the Squirrel Hill/Murray Ave. business district, but their excellent selection and rotating menu of delectable treats more than make up for any space issues. Plus, this place has the friendliest employees I've ever met - anywhere. The kind of people I'd want to befriend, and not just so I could eat mass quantities of free cupcakes.All of the flavors are delicious, and I make a point to a try a new kind every time I visit. My favorites are the Cafe Mocha, Cosmo, and East End Chocolate Stout. I will note, sometimes the non-chocolate cupcakes taste a bit drier, but honestly, who cares - it's all about the buttercream frosting. I am reduced to a greedy, sweet-seeking Veruca Salt wannabe when I'm here, and the cheap $2.50 price only encourages said behavior.
3	As with most things, Burgh is a bit behind the times, and I'm even farther behind. ;)  But, I've finally discovered cupcakes in Squirrel Hill at Dozen!It's a cozy little joint with lots of artful little confections like 'The Cosmo' (vanilla cake, lime buttercream, topped with vodka and lime soaked cranberries) which, along with a cup of their tea or coffee, make for a sweet break from your daily errands. They also have a catering service.  For a birthday or office party I think these would make for a nice, trendy offering as they look great, are easy to serve, and taste good.  However, for a truly special occasion such as a wedding, I don't think they hold a candle to the wonderful cakes you can get at a variety of established local bakeries (such Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue) and would be well advised to sticking with tradition.Be sure to check their alternating daily menu online and drop by to snag a few to take home and share the love.  Mmmmmmmm
3	Truly a hole-in-the-wall with little to no seating area.  It felt cramped with three people in the store.  They had several types of cupcakes to choose from and they were ok.  The milk chocolate frosting on one was a very sweet and almost sickening sweet.  It didn't get eaten.  The cake was moist but it really isn't anything to write home about.  As a baker myself, there wasn't anything in there that I couldn't have done and probably won't go back.
5	Living in New York, you always hear about the different cupcake places that you have to try.  Either the one that's been on some TV show, or the one that's a hole in the wall, or the one that just opened.  And they're all good.But wow, nothing like this.  Dozen cupcakes may be the best dessert I have ever had.  I got two cupcakes (I think its the Elvis and the German Chocolate), and they tasted so fresh and so good that I can't really put into words how good they were.  Especially the Elvis, the most unique combination of flavors I have ever had in a cupcake.  Really, just WOW!  I know they have a rotating schedule with different cupcakes every day of the week, and its almost worth renting a place nearby just to try each one.I personally think that Pittsburgh has a lot to offer in terms of food choices- you just have to know where to look.  And Dozen Cupcakes is one of those places that proves me right.
1	~~Atmosphere~~ Small... cramped... not a sit down and savor your cupcake kind of place. But no biggie - I can handle eating cupcakes in the privacy of my home. However I was disappointed that the guy behind the counter wasn't very friendly... I mean he wasn't like Soup Nazi for cupcakes or anything, but he seemed cold. And cupcake stores are supposed to be warm, sugary and inviting, right? They do give out free Dozen buttons, so that made me a teeny bit happy. Now let's talk cupcakes: The search for America's Next Top Cupcake~~Cupcake Decor~~  Decorators take an creative approach, which steers away from that "store- bought" look. The icing is has a lot of height, while also exposing some of cake of the cupcake. Some flavors have a light touch of sprinkles, coconut, and other garnishes. ~~Cake~~ There is a sign up informing customers that the cupcakes are meant to be eaten the day they are bought. I can understand that - flavors dissipate, etc etc. But cake shouldn't turn rock hard the next day! What is up with that? I mean it should up for at least an extra day! Anyways, the cupcake I ate on the day of purchase was a tad dry. ~~Icing/ Frosting~~ Flavor: check. Sweet:check. Wow? Eh.~~Icing/Cake Ratio~~ Too much icing. Enough cake.~~Overall~~ The cupcakes look pretty, but I still don't understand what the big deal is. And I have a cakerock in the fridge.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place.  I absolutely LOVE the Elvis.  There are a couple others that I like too.  I also love most of their icings.  But I hate the fact that usually,  the cakes are dry and bland.  I also hate the $2.50 price.  When they first opened, you got a lot more cupcake for that 2.50 but in the past month or so I think they shrunk the size.
4	The icing on these cupcakes is absolutely mouth watering! I had an opportunity to experience a sampling of several different cupcakes that they offer. Currently my favorite is Vanilla Vanilla, but I think I might have overdosed myself on this combination. I am interested in trying some of the new flavors that have recently debuted, alas I don't make it to Pittsburgh very often. I'm also curious to try some of the other items that they're now offering in their Lawrenceville location. The owner can be a bit prickly at times, but the food is really good!
4	I was so psyched to go to Dozens when I knew I would be in Pittsburgh! I looked up places to go and found this jewel. We headed to Dozens on a Monday afternoon and when we found it, I was surprised to see it was so tiny! It was a cute place and I was happy to be there. We ordered two dozen mini cupcakes in Cherry Cola, Vanilla Vanilla and Black and White. They were so cute and just bite-sized, which is good because I could sample all three and not feel guilty! The girl behind the counter was practically asleep when we arrived and yawned as we placed our order. She then proceeded to say "it's gonna take me a while" when we ordered 2 dozen of the tiny treats! Why was it going to take so long? I was a little disappointed to see only 3 of many flavors and had hoped to try some of the other creative flavors. I am guessing it is hard to have so many in stock on a daily basis though. For future reference...the Cherry Cola one is delicious!Great prices, yummy treats and you can even mark the spot where you are taking the cupcakes on a big map! They also sell tees and other items. Check out Dozens if you are in the Squirrel Hill area anytime soon!
5	A lot of my friends are skeptics of Dozen Cupcakes.  Then again, these are often the people with no taste buds who are satisfied with grocery store cupcakes.  It's not really so costly an indulgence, is it?  Have you ever ordered a dessert (e.g., a slice of cake) at a restaurant that cost more than $2.50?On the other end of the spectrum, a friend declared the Passionfruit cupcake "the best food I've ever eaten in my life."  I guess I fall somewhere in between, but these cupcakes are really very good--and I've eaten too many pricey cupcakes in San Francisco that don't compare.
2	it gets two stars because it is elling cupcakes. it gets two stars because each cupcake I have eaten there has been less then good, and when it comes to cupcakes anything less than awesome is unexceptable.the flavor wasn't terible, but all 4 cupcakes I ate and the 2 my wife were dry. Then one day we met one of the owners by chance. He asked us what we though and told us to be completly honest. I sort of walked away, my wife though asid "your cupcakes are dry" The guy's imidiate response was "they are suppsed to be dry" and not in the nicest of tones.  He did offer us a free cupcake if we wanted to try them again.We declined.
4	Dozen has creative flavors and generous portions of frosting on each of their cupcakes.  Fresh cake, great presentation, cute store.  Each cupcake is $2.50, which is about the norm for cupcakes these days.
3	After passing Dozen twice daily since August, I finally decided that I had to stop in today.  (I tried once before but it was late, the selection was not the greatest, and they had no puppy cupcakes so I didn't get anything.)  Today we got a milk chocolate cupcake, a pumpkin maple cupcake, and a bag of 6 dog cupcakes for a total of $10.I really enjoyed the pumpkin maple.  It had a strong pumpkin flavor and wasn't too sweet.  I think that the icing makes the cupcakes too tall to fit in my mouth, so I kind of nibble away at the bottom until it's short enough that I can get both frosting and cake in each bite.The dog cupcakes went over extremely well.  They have a really strong peanut butter scent, so if your dog is a peanut butter lover, s/he will probably love these.  Their website says there's also some carrot in there.Boyfriend says his chocolate cupcake was "just bad", and specifically was bland and very dry.  He says he does not plan on going back.I think the yummy pumpkin maple cupcake and the puppy cupcakes will get me to return.
4	I wish I could give 4.5 stars, as this is one of the best bakeshops I've ever been into.  Squirrel Hill is easily Pittsburgh's destination neighborhood for desserts and sweets.They serve five varieties of cupcakes every day, and that menu repeats weekly.  (Monday has the same things as last Monday.)  There's great variety and experimentation here; everything from "vanilla" to "pancakes and bacon", and some whiskey-chocolate concoction that wasn't half bad.They have, hands down, the best icing I've ever had on a cupcake.On the minus side, the non-vegan cupcakes are often dry, and they only really have seating for two folks at a time, which is problematic when it's not warm outside here in the winter.Go here.  Try at least two different cupcakes.  It's awesome.
2	I dropped by Dozen Cupcakes during my trip to Pittsburgh. I'm from California and had to compare their cupcakes to the wildly popular Sprinkles Cupcakes.I had the confetti cupcake. The frosting was better than the frosting on grocery store bakery cupcakes.....but it was no match for Sprinkles' frosting. The cake was not bad, but still did not come close to Sprinkles.I would give 2.5 stars if I could. If you don't have a Sprinkles nearby, then maybe Dozen Cupcakes will be a good choice for you.?. I have not been to any other cupcake places in Pittsburgh, so I cannot tell you who makes the best cupcakes.
5	When I got married we had a dozen cupcake wedding cake and they did an AWESOME job. These things are great.  They're delicious.  I drop in and get one when I am up by the shop.  Hours could be better but for cupcakes they cannot be beat.$2.50 is a good price for such a great item.  I can't recommend them highly enough. Staff is very nice and friendly.
1	When I think of cupcakes, I think of moist, delicious goodness that melts in my mouth (see my review on Sweet Mandy B's).  Unfortunately, I found no such thing at Dozen.  I visited the Squirrel Hill location for the second time.  The shop offers a daily variety of flavors and on my first visit, I wasn't impressed with what was "left over."  The second time I went, I was impressed by the incredibly large cinnamon rolls and the few cupcake flavors they had left.  Then, I hit a jackpot (or so I thought).  Double Chocolate raspberry!  My two favorite flavors combined in the same tasty, doubly-chocolate treat.  Although, it wasn't so tasty, or doubly-chocolaty. Actually, I was pretty disappointed.   The cupcake was dry; almost bordering on a dense muffin or even a scone.  The store is quite cozy.  I would recommend taking things to go.  I ordered coffee that day as well, and they "were out."  Hmmm.  To me, treats and coffee go hand-in-hand!?  After all was said and done, I would most likely stay away.  Perhaps I should have tasted the cinnamon rolls.  According to the person behind the counter, Dozen won an award as "the best Cinnamon Rolls in the City" - although I haven't read anything in the paper about the Pittsburgh City-Wide Cinnamon Roll Competition.  There are plenty of worthwhile bakeries within a short drive. I would suggest looking them up.
1	The first time we visited the Squirrel Hill Dozen they were 'out' of cupcakes.  WTF? that is what you sell!  Finally made it back and was totally disappointed. Tried the milk chocolate, vanilla, red velvet and green tea almond---universally DRY and tasteless.  We love cupcakes; so far the bar has been set by Misha's Cupcakes in Miami, Fl.  I'd rather eat a cupcake from Dunkin Hines or Giant Eagle than from Dozen.  Please don't believe the hype, keep your $2.50.
4	Delicious perfect little packages of sweetness. Stout Chocolate is the way to go. Also Spicy Mexican Chocolate is great.
3	I am not a huge fan of cupcakes or the big sweet dollop of frosting style, I've been to at least a few of the supposedly great cupcake places in NY, and these are pretty indistinguishable from those. The green tea almond, as cupcakes go, was very good though.
1	Every girl I know in Pittsburgh seems to love Dozen. This absolutely baffles me, because Dozen is to cupcakes as China is to consumer goods, if China somehow managed to convince us into paying top dollar for its crap.I've eaten at least a half-dozen cupcakes from Dozen before, and each time I genuinely hope that my past experiences were just flukes, and that they'll prove me wrong in my conviction that Dozen has business just because they can decorate well and girls are suckers for pretty baked goods. I love cupcakes. I really do. And that's why Dozen peeves me so much; it has terrible cupcakes, and yet people still flock to it for some reason. Every cupcake I've had from Dozen has been cloyingly sweet, even without the frosting, and has the consistency and dryness of a dense week-old muffin. Yes, I ate them fresh.Save yourself the cash and 'experience' and go hit up Coldstone one door down for the red velvet ice cream cupcakes.
2	I feel like a playground bully pushing kids off the swings when I admit that I'm not a fan of Dozen.  How can I turn my nose up at cupcakes?I stalled on writing this review for a long while because I kept wanting to give Dozen another chance.  Maybe I didn't choose the right flavor.  Or I didn't go at the right time of day.  The cupcakes look pretty!  The employees are so nice!  A number of my friends, whose food tastes I mostly trust, are friends of Dozen.  There must be something wrong with me.  But, no more excuses.The problem that's consistent with all the flavors I've tried is that the cake part is dry and often not flavorful enough, and the frosting is too sweet.  I want to taste more pumpkin flavor in the seasonal pumpkin maple cupcake and more banana flavor in the Elvis.  The shop itself is tiny but cute and as I said earlier, the staff is friendly.  I still don't think I've reached the point at which I'll swear off Dozen completely, but I won't be visiting regularly.
5	Very friendly staff and very delicious cupcakes. There's not much else you need.
1	I've tried Dozen multiple times, but have been disappointed each time.  The cupcakes here are just bland and dry.
5	C is for cookie is what we all know! But the alphabet 'C' has other amazing words like chocolate,cookie,cotton candy and Cupcakes!!!!!   This is a cute little store serving delicious cupcakes.A cup of coffee and cupcake is an amazing combination.We got the chocolate and a cupcake with vanilla icing and was great.And need a good location to sit and relax to eat this piece of heaven? i went to my cute little heaven on earth to eat a piece of bliss-The Schenley park!! And what's actually funny? It is situated right next to a fitness centre.That's a killer for people who are trying to keep off the fat!!    But don't worry..just follow my footsteps ,go to the cupcake store eat all you want and then go next door and burn it off!! I could actually just live there ;eat in one place and burn it off visiting the next door .My definition for this cupcake: small drops of heaven accumulated into a tiny cup.And woah!! i just realized letter C is sweet :)-Smriti
2	When Dozen first opened, they were really, really, good.  I went there often for both myself and for others to bring to their homes as treats.Over time, as more Dozen's kept opening up around the city, the quality, however has dropped.  Significantly.Lately, my experience has been extremely dry cupcakes with too much icing (which itself is way too sweet).  I love bakeries, and cupcakes are a+ in my book, but Dozen just seems a bit blah these days.Check out some of the other local bakeries in town who who doing cupcakes and other treats much better.Sorry Dozen, but I hope you read this and improve!
3	I really WANT to love Dozen. The people who work there are really nice, I've been really impressed by the owner (or one of the owners.. not sure if there are multiple), I like how they've set things up at their new locations, etc. Unfortunately, I haven't been impressed by their food or cupcakes at all, really. The food has been pretty bland and overpriced. The cupcakes have been dry and the icing is too thick and heavy.  I will probably try it again here and there, but in my opinion, there are better places to find cupcakes in Pittsburgh.
5	I had the milk chocolate cupcake and I thought it was delicious. Admittedly, I'm not really one to go into cupcake shops, but I heard good things and I wanted to give them a try. The girl at the counter was awesome and we spent some time discussing vegan cupcakes. I would definitely like to try some of their other flavors in the future. (I really want to stuff the Twinkilicious in my face just because it's called the Twinkilicious.)
4	I had the vanilla vanilla, and it might have been the best cupcake frosting I've ever had in my life.  I tried my mom's rice crispy treat and it wasn't so great, but I'm going up to 4 instead of down to 3 because it is a cupcake place, not a rice crispy treat place.
2	I've tried this place a few times thinking that it may get better each time I decide to check it out, but alas that's not the case.  Don't get me wrong I'm huge fan of cupcakes, but the Dozen cupcakes tend to be dry.  If I wanted sub-par cupcakes I'd buy a box of Betty Crocker and leave them in the oven too long.  I'm not sure if Dozen has gotten lazy and doesn't bake them fresh daily so they end up getting stale - but geez for what I'm paying those better be some moist, tasty, sweet, flavorful cupcakes and the truth is they're not!  I've had so much better so save your money and go buy yourself a box of Betty Crocker cake mix and frosting and go at it making some cupcakes - just don't keep them in the oven too long :)
4	Dozen is reopening! This is such an exciting thing for me. I hace always loved dozen ever since I lived in Lawrencville. Cupcakes and coffee from dozen were my special treat to myself. Everyone was always so friendly and all of their sweets fantastic. I will be adding my thoughts on the new ownership once they have opened their doors once more. I'm hoping they won't be a let down. I'm not thinking they will be :p
