3	Consistency in product offerings, service levels, pricing - all the things you want to see in a chain (and likely why you patronize them) - find them here.If they'd run more coupons or specials (on the products I use of course), I'd bump them up another star for value!
2	The store manager at this location is VERY rude. Even though they have an open return policy they will give you a VERY hard time returning things that THEY should take back. Don't waste your time in this Sephora, it's one of the crappier ones.
5	Sephora is like a girly girls dream! It's like you walk in and the there's music, beautiful smells and welcoming workers ready to assist you in all your buying needs. The make-up always draws me in...even though I usually opt for a pretty gloss and moisturizer. Not so fancy, huh? Anyhoo: I would say Sephora creates an environment that allows you to test out products in a nonthreatening (aka I need a commission environment) and ask questions, if you just aren't sure if a product will work for your hair/skin/etc. In addition, they have a great customer rewards program (Beauty Insider) that gives you free gifts once you reach a certain point level (which I think is more generous than ULTA) and they give you a gift every year on your birthday. PS: Don't be afraid to ask for a sample. It's probably worth it and you can come back to Sephora for the full size if you love it. PPS: My choices...Sephora has so many great items its hard to choose just one but one of my "must-haves" is the Sephora brand Coconut Body Wash. Other items in Sephora that might be a good pick-up could be a guy gift (cologne), girl gift (everything else..smile...for example the perfume, the body gels, and of course the motherload of make-up)
5	As someone who can write off her makeup expenses on her taxes-- and horrifyingly spent 4 figures on makeup and skincare items a year early in my career (I've since drastically cut back) I feel qualified to review Sephora in it's fullest!Selection: Sephora's got almost all the major beauty brands you'd want (minus the ones exclusively contracted with department stores.) and all of them are available for testing. How often can you go into a department store and go around testing things without someone bothering you to buy it?Customer Service: When you DO need some help finding just the perfect shade of foundation, or just the right gift, there will be someone to assist. Most of the people who work here love makeup and beauty products too, so they'll have their own recommendations of what's good and are honest about what's not such a hot seller. (Example: I'm a MAC Cosmetics fan, and used to use their cleanse-off oil makeup remover.  Instead I wanted to try another brand, something natural, and was directed toward the Boscia cooling oil cleanser, which I actually like better and now buy in multiple quantities.) Returns: I've never had a problem with a return, even if I can't find my receipt or if it's been awhile.  There was once this Tocca perfume that made my skin itch.  Even though I had used it, I brought it back and exchanged it for another fragrance. TIP:  Sign up for their email list and get a Beauty Insider card.  This will allow you to bank points-- but also get GENEROUS FREEBIES AND DEALS.  During my birthday month, I always get a gift, like the Philosophy Cake Batter body wash for free (in a huge 8 ounce size I believe).  A couple years ago it was a Sephora brand lip gloss set. In addition, you'll get periodic coupons like 10% or 15% off your purchase. TIP #2: I can actually buy many of the items at Sephora online at other beauty retailers like SkinStore.com or Beauty.com tax free, and with a heftier 20% discount almost daily.  However, when there are cosmetics you just need to try in store, or fragrances that just need to be sniffed...go to Sephora and check it out in real life.  It'll be worth the hassle of a mail-in return.  (Hey, if you like it, you can always order another of the same product online at a lower price!) TIP #3: Sephora has killer sales every so often.  I remember getting a Philosophy bath wash set for 50% off after the holidays, and a Bliss Spa body lotion set for about half price too.  Just keep your eyes out and sign up for that email list for the heads up.
5	Although a bit smaller than the Sephora stores I usually go to, this one has been my favorite. Helpful and not bothersome staff, a not-too-loud noise level, and quite clean.I was on the hunt for a new lip stain and I had help (from Jimmy D and a lovely boy who worked there). After cycling through some coral shades, we decided on a radiant, not-so-glossy red. I'm a fan!This store I had the luck of navigating a bit better too, which made my trip a lot quicker than normal. So, yeah. Looking for makeup? New to the world of glitz, glam and deception? Start here! They do in-store makeovers and are spot on for recommending products, it all just depends on what style you're looking for.
5	Ah, Sephora. We go way back...I've spent a pretty penny in this store. I'll agree with other yelpers, this store is nicely stocked and filled with helpful employees. You can certainly spend plenty of time and money trying out the array of cosmetics, skincare, and fragrances.Just a few of my favorite products that I've sourced from Sephora:-Laura Mercier foundation -Smashbox primer-Stila Smudge Sticks-Stila eyeshadows-Philosophy Purity-Boscia Black Mask-NARS BlushThe return process is super easy. If you purchase something that just doesn't work for you or it's the wrong shade/formula/etc., no biggie. And, do yourself a favor and sign up for the free Beauty Insider card. Your points add up to fun freebies and you'll also receive access to in-store and online discounts as well as specially priced products.
3	Why am I here? I don't wear makeup. It looked like people were getting what they needed, however, and there were little makeup styling booth were the people who work here can make you up. And when I sat in a booth to wait for a family member who was shopping here, nobody bothered me. I like that.
5	Jillian at Sephora was so helpful today.  I came in with an idea of what I wanted, but I didn't know the brands or colors that would work for me.  She  was very patient and took the time to help me find what I was looking for and also show me the proper way to apply it.  She was never overly aggressive or trying to push me to buy something I didn't need or want.  I was 100% confident in all of my purchases that she helped me find.  I usually hate buying make-up, but this was an extremely positive experience.
3	Great store, like everyone says it is always well stocked and the there are plenty of helpful and friendly employees. You never have to wait long in the check-out line either.
5	I used to be big into Mac cosmetics and other places but since my first visit to sephora I had the most wonderful experience and will be back. They have numerous amazing brands and the customer service there is amazing. I went in looking for my favorite mascara and started talking to one of the sales people Dale. She was so knowledgeable about all of their products and brands and when I told her about my mission to find a new bb cream she jumped on the opportunity to help me find a new great brand. She did a skin care test to see which color would look best with my (super white) complexion. After we narrowed it down to three she washed my face and began applying the next. She was so patient and helpful and I ended up finding the perfect foundation for my skin. Also as other reviews have stated sign up for their email club. It is a great way to get discounts!
