5	I love this place!!! The staff is always nice and I love coming here. I usually get a pedi which always feels great. Then I recently got a mani with floral design and I absolutely love my nails every time I look down at them. I suggest asking for Anna or Tracy if you like a good mani with design, but I think anyone there is great for a pedi!
5	This is the first nail salon I have been to that did not pressure me to "upgrade" any of the services I asked for. What a treat! They are all very nice and do a wonderful job on both pedi and mani. I will be going back.
4	They just do a good job!
5	KIDS CHAIRS!  They have 2 kid chairs with dvd players.  My girls think it's the best place.  They do a great job on the kids and really give them the full treatment, not like some other places that just "pretend" and then throw some polish on.  The staff is great and does NOT rush.  They told 2 customers while we were there it was gonna be at least an hour (not the normal - 10 minutes just sit and wait while we rush on the other customers to get you in!).  They took their time on everyone in our party and we also got the great hot stone treatment.  No extra charge for doing a couple of colors vs. one either.Arrowhead Tan & Nail is the place to get your next mani/pedi.
5	This nail salon is super clean! Staff is very friendly.Jenny gives the best pedicures and Tracey (off on Tuesdays) does perfect nails. Tracey also does a great job doing eyebrow waxing.Best to go during the week. Prices might be slightly more expensive than some nail salons - it's worth it for the cleanliness and level of service.
5	The husband and I have gone to Arrowhead Tan & Nails for the past 6 months to get pedicures. The staff is always friendly and they always do an amazing job! We would highly recommend them!
1	Went for a pedicure last week. The technician was very rough using the cutting tool on my cuticles. My nail bed at my cuticle has now turned black and is so sore. An infection is obvious and will have to go to a podiatrist for treatment. I do not think I will have a pedicure ever again.
5	Nicely done!! Finally found a salon in this area that does a decent mani pedi!! The staff is very friendly and everything's very clean! Its maybe a few dollars more expensive than some of the other salons in that area but its definitely worth it!!
