1	Whatever u do, do not move in here. The owner just switched to primecast in order to make a deal to make more money and it is terrible. The Internet is slower than a cell phone connection and the tv stops every 5 seconds. Literally I haven't watched tv in 2 months because of how bad it is. Do not move in here. Every person who lives here has complained but the management refuses to do anything about it. Beware and stay away from this place until the owner lives up to his mistakes.
4	It's been 2 months since I've moved into this complex,  and I have to say I've fairly pleased with the apartment & the management. I looked at at least 12 different apartment complexes before picking PoS. The rates do change daily so definitely want to avoid the peak move-in time which usually is late july/august.There are 2 pools (one heated) and a gym on site. My apartment has a full size washer/dryer. And the living room is probably more spacious than most 2 bedrooms in the area.It's 2 miles North of campus and there's a free Orbitz bus that literally comes every 10 minutes.The location is right next to a gas station (which worried me in the beginning) but now I realize it's convenient since I can fill up and head out. I've had to call maintenance a couple of times to fix things but they work very fast!Internet is included (which is pretty fast IMO) but you have to get Satellite TV via Primecast which contracts DirectT ) costs around $60 but the lowest package)  It would be nice to have other options like Dish or Cable.LeAnn the manager was helpful with all my move-in questions. Plus the office is open 7 days a week! They have a printer & faxing services available to tenants.In my perfect world, the kitchen would be larger with stainless steel appliances, but there's still a fair amount of counter space for all of my appliances.
5	(For the record I am posting this review on multiple review sites because I figure I might as well have my voice heard).My background info: I arrived in Tempe (from California) in October 2010 and immediately moved in to the Palms on Scottsdale.  I was 24 when I moved in here, have a BS in Civil Engineering, and have worked as a professional during my time living at the Palms.I plan on moving out soon to return to California for a slew of different reasons, employment and weather being the foremost.  Without a doubt I can say that the last 3 years of my live that I have lived at the Palms have been the best 3 years of my life, and having a good living situation has been a very large part of this.For starters the Palms is impressive to look at.  I have never had any issue with pests of any sorts... no rats, no cockroaches, and no bed bugs (I had to deal with those in Los Angeles, yuck).  Perhaps the best sight is walking back to my apartment late night and seeing the main pool area (recently renovated) all lit up.  The groundskeepers do an excellent job of keeping up the complex's appearance.So here's the main issue you need to consider with the Palms on Scottsdale: do you want a party atmosphere or a quiet / professional atmosphere?  The truth is that the Palms quite easily offers both.  If you are a student who wants to have fun and doesn't mind a little bit of noise then pick an area close to the pool or a room facing the parking lot.If you have a family or would prefer some peace and quiet then pick an apartment that doesn't face the main pool nor the parking lot.  It's as simple as that.In the 3 years that I have been living here the Palms has become a quieter and more peaceful (you could say "nicer") complex.  I have not seen any real physical disputes that I *have* seen at other apartment complexes, and the Palms often has security guards patrolling the complex to ensure the safety of its residents.The Palms is located almost exactly half-way between Old Town (Scottsdale) and Mill (Tempe) so getting a taxi ride to either and back is affordable, and certainly recommended.My main problems with the Palms are, in the grand scheme, quite minor but I will list them here:- Although the grass is very well-kept, for some reason the sprinkler heads are so inaccurate that walking through the complex while the sprinklers are on is almost hazardous (think water on broomed concrete, can be slippery).- Locked pool gates at night: I realize intoxicated people swimming is a liability but having those intoxicated people try to jump a fence to get to the jacuzzi is an even more dangerous possibility.- I wish there were a few more parking spaces.  You will notice that the availability of visitor parking spaces varies based on certain criteria (eg time of year, time of day, time of week, etc).- Residents don't have access to controls for music playing in the main pool area.  This can especially be an issue if the music is left on during late-night (imagine hearing Katy Perry in your sleep every night if your apartment faces the pool area).- Pool area could use more trash cans, especially during holidays when there might be more people than normal at the pool.Overall I would highly recommend the Palms on Scottsdale Rd to just about anyone.  It's location is, for many, perfect (very quick access to 202 loop freeway).  Staff has been nothing but courteous in the 3 years I've been here.  Price is affordable.  I'm not sure if my email will be visible to people but I may be willing to answer questions for potential residents (and yes I certify that I do not work for the Palms nor am I being paid by them). kylan.hurt@gmail.com
1	Just moved in here the other day and so far I haven't been pleased. I walked into my apartment and it REEKED of cigarettes. I'm not a smoker so I was not happy about it. I also went into the closet and was shocked to see two whole patches of carpet were missing. One was very small, but the other was pretty large. the management didn't want to repair it at first, then when they did repair it, it was with a completely different carpet. So now I have a smelly apartment with patches of different carpet and am paying just as much as other people who don't have these problems. The manager told me it wasn't a big deal because the patch is in the carpet and since I didn't pay for platinum I should expect to have bad carpeting. I'm sorry, but you should not have to deal with holes and patched up carpeting. I would be charged for that if I left the carpet in that state during a move out so it should be replaced for me if I move in and it is in that state. Another problem is my bathroom. The tub has chips on the bottom and the shower head sprays everywhere when turned on. Also my bedroom door was installed incorrectly and doesn't close. The place is just run down and the only way you'll get a nice place is if you shovel out the extra $100/month for a "platinum" apartment. Things might get fixed for me, but so far I've been given the run around by management and have been very displeased by the state of the apartment when I moved in. I would highly recommend looking at your actual apartment before your move in date if you are able to.
1	The looks on the outside are not all it cracked up to be on the inside.   After moving into these apartments my apartment smelt of cigarettes and smoke and an smell I couldn't put my finger on.  Also moving in, with the first week the closet door needed repair, the front door handle/lock, the garbage disposal and there was a giant pink stain in the middle of my carpet in the living room upon move in.  They told me to deal with the pink stain because they wouldn't be putting new carpet in.  I requested them to fix all of these, which some where fixed but it came at a price of "ooh it's you again. And I was considered high maintenance".  And a lot of the repairs were not fixed correctly just cheaply! Then there was countless occasions of speeding by other tenants, (not kid friendly place at all), rude neighbors, and within two months of moving in my car got broken into!  Yes in a "gated community", window busted and items took from my car.  There was several of these robberies and incidents to others over the short 6 month lease we were locked into, and they wouldn't allow us to get out of.  The office manager wasn't accommodating or helpful and she was rude to us on several occasions. For a " Greystar" community you'd think they pride themselves on helping there tenants not trying to get the extra $1 here and there.  The extra fees they sneak in with application fees, change of lease fees, month to month, and even a 60 day notice requirement, I suggest you rent at other places.  Places where they actually care about you and your family NOT filling an apartment complex.  So drive past these apartments because looks can be deceiving.
1	It all looked nice at first until we started noticing beggars on drugs sneaking inside the complex and looking through the trash.In addition to the hidden fees that we were hit with upon leaving the apartment in a decent condition. Good luck!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. As posted below by my mom, I would not recommend this community. My roommate and I lived at The Palms for 2 years, we had issues with roaches when we moved in. It looked as if there was some sort of water damage in the kitchen that was never repaired properly, it took us about 8 months to get rid of the bugs. I had a friend that had moved out of The Palms about 5 months before we did, she warned us about management being shady upon move-out. They wouldn't let her do the walk through, they pulled the same thing with us. All they said was "The manager will do the walk through with maintenance then send you a bill"  I asked why I could not do a walk through, they told me there were 40 move-outs for the day (they told me this after I saying I could do the walk through upon returning the keys) They sent us a bill for carpet replacement and FULL PAINT which totaled $530. DO NOT MOVE HERE! High crime, poor reviews and crappy employees. That is all.
1	My roommate and I recently moved out a couple of weeks ago after living there and being good, compliant residents for 2 years. After moving out, we get a bill in the mail for $530 for various charges and "repairs". The bill consisted of a $330 charge to completely replace the carpet, and a $120 charge to fully repaint the apartment.  The carpet had already been replaced in 2011 and was installed improperly, which should not be our responsibility to pay for.  It would have been perfectly clean after a proper steam cleaning. Also, none of the walls in our apartment were damaged in any way, minus a few tiny holes from frames, etc.The whole entire two years we were there, we had problems with plumbing and draining issues in the guest bathroom, which they had to come in and fix three different times. The third time, the carpet had to be replaced in the hallway/guest bedroom closet (yes there is already brand new carpet in the guest bedroom and hallway that they are saying they want to replace again) because water from the bathroom had leaked into the closet, ruining some of our things.  Also, we have had numerous repairs on other things and problems with roaches. Not only is management shady, but we were paying way too much for the quality of the apartment we were in.  SO STAY AWAY, IT IS NOT WORTH IT!
5	Absolutely loved my time here. The staff is friendly and attentive, the facility is clean, I feel safe, and moving in was a breeze. Not quite sure why the other reviews are so negative. As long as you stay within their parameters of rules, you have a lot of freedom.
5	I've lived at The Palms for a little over a year now. The staff in the office there have always been quite helpful and are good about responding to maintenance requests. I opted for the upgraded "platinum" apartment and haven't regretted it. It's pretty quite around there for the most part and I've never had any problems with late night noise or parties interrupting my sleep.
