4	My friend and I got our nails done while I was in Vegas for the 4th.  My person was Sureena and she was so nice and did a GREAT job with my mani/pedi and suggestions with nail polish.  She even made my feet look very pretty with all the buffing and polishing (don't ask about my feet!).  Let's just say my feet looked GOOD!
5	They are exceptional, best 3D nails I ever have. They are quick and perfect.
5	I've been visiting Nail Trix for a few years now and wouldn't have it any other way. I switch off between salons. There are only two salons I go to for eyebrows and gel nails.Over the years I had visited quite a few salons and hadn't been able to find a good eyebrow and gel nail tech. You'd be surprised that there are techs that can actually screw up something as simple as a gel manicure.I have always requested Serena. She's always been very talkative and wonderful. Best eyebrow tech you will ever find and always shapes my nails just right. She's your go to girl!
1	I asked for a pedicure. My feet are really rough as I am a runner. I paid extra to have callouses removed....my feet feel the same as when I walked in.I asked the man to redo the scraping. He did a half ass job. The massage was on my calf only...my feet and toes did not get a bit of massage. One technician was FLOSSING HER TEETH at her desk. I will NEVER  go there again
4	This place is good. They got us in fast no waiting at all and they told me the price of the nails and what they could do. That is service and they have a front desk w/a person and a sitting area. We will be back.
5	Lately I have been making the drive out to Nail Trix even though I live on the opposite side of town. Nail Trix is located inside of the Meadows Mall near JC Penney's, right next to GNC. Lee does my nails and he's the best. They use Gelish here for the gel polish and they have a great variety of color. I've gotten everything from ombre glitter polish, ombre polish, to all glitter polish from him.Linh is a very talented 3-D nail artist (which she took classes for) and her work is nothing short of amazing. She can create different types/colors of flowers, petals, leafs, etc. If you show her a clear photo of what you would like then she can probably do it. I love that she keeps up with all the up-and-coming nail designs on Pinterest and tries to learn herself how to do it.All of the employees in the store are extremely friendly and fun to chat with.Give them a try if you're in the area, especially because of their reasonable pricing.
1	I walked in here twice.  Got in easy. They charge me xtra for taking out the acrylic nail which is ok. I asked for a mani and pedi they said ok. I have bad in grown so I asked if someone is really good taking it out. She said she loves taking in grown. So, I pick a design and it wasn't even close to what I pick. Then a couple of customer came in and all.of a sudden I have to see a doctor for my in grown nails. What the heck!!!!! Gave it a second chance. For the gel I pick a design again ask the last if she can do a red flower design instead of a pink she said yes. Pedi was done then couple if people walk in and she put the top coat for my gel. Asked her about the flower design and all if a sudde it's 7 buxs per flower coz it's a 2nd design.  Again what the hell you coulda told me earlier. Never coming back again. Bad costumer service.
