4	Pretty darn expensive for custard but it is really good, possibly the best I have ever had.  Been there over 15 times and have yet to see an adult working in the place.  Service is hit and miss.  Our last trip the IQ level of the help was very low.  Bathrooms are usually clean.
2	The ice cream is excellent but a little pricey.  The service is less than stellar.  Our daughter bought a cone and discovered a hair in it.  When we returned to the counter and informed the employee that sold us the cone she actually said "We've been getting that a lot lately".  Great!Also, if you order anything to be picked up later, like a birthday cake or cupcakes, make sure you call before you go to pick it up as they seem to be less than organized with their orders.I gave them a 2 star rating based on the excellent flavors... it should have been at least a 4.5 with some attention to customer service.
2	Agreed with Dave's review about the staff and service being a hit or miss. I normally don't make stops anymore to cold stone restaurants because their ice cream is so expensive. Plus, I don't care for the taste of their ice cream. Maybe it is just me, but I think it's overrated.
2	Time has not been kind to this Cold Stone Creamery location.  For a while, it was the next great thing - there always were long lines of families anxious to get their butterfat and sugar fix.  The buzz has faded and now those same families flock to the local froyo joints to get their frozen dairy fix.  I stopped by this weekend while shopping at Greenway Station and found the store devoid of patrons.  I know it's been a long, cold winter, but we Wisconsinites love our ice cream and Babcock Hall was standing room only when I visited later that same day.So why does my ice-creaming loving family now generally eschew Cold Stone?* Texture - I really prefer a firm scoop of ice cream and that's not what you get at Cold Stone.  The texture is far too gooey for my liking.  It's not terrible, but I much prefer the denser texture of the product at Babcock Dairy or The Chocolate Shoppe any day of the week and twice on Sunday.  The other textural problem is that Cold Stone ice cream melts too fast, so bring a gross of handi-wipes when bringing the kiddos here.  * Flavor - The ice cream here is too sweet.  At Cold Stone, it is all about excess, whether it be about the butterfat content, the sugar content or the oversaturated flavorings.  Again, it's not terrible, but it's just not my cup of tea.* Serving Size - The theme of excess carries over to the over-the-top serving sizes.  While I am not a huge fan of froyo, at least I can control my serving size when I visit the near-by Menchies or Orange Leaf.  In addition, while I'm on the topic of serving sizes, can I just add that I detest the cutesy "Like It", "Love It" and "Gotta Have It" serving size names.* Service - When the place first opened, the staff was energetic and responsive.  I admit it was hokey, but I kinda liked the dorky songs they sang when you left a tip.  But now, a trip to Cold Stone is more like visiting a gulag.  Leaving a tip rarely triggers a response, much less a chorus of "Ice cream, baby" sung to the tune of Ice, Ice Baby.  My other pet peeve is that the tables always seem to be sticky, thanks to the soupiness of the ice cream.  It's really kind of a depressing place to visit now.* Pro tip: If you have a peanut allergy, have them clean the stone before they mix your ice cream or you risk cross contaminating your treat.  (I learned that the hard way.)
1	I don't recommend going there.  My wife and I decided to go there for some dessert after a very nice dinner.  I wanted an "Apple Pie A la Cold Stone".  I have had this before and it is normally very good.  I was told that they had been out of the pie filling for a while.  Yet this is one of their "Signature Creations".  I would expect that if this is something that they always have that they would have on their menu, they would have the ingredients for it.  Then, My wife ordered their seasonal "Funnel Cake Sundae.  My wife ended up waiting 15 minutes for this.  Jacob and Chad told us that they had to reheat the Funnel cake for the sundae twice.  This made is rock hard and she had to throw most of the funnel cake away because she could not eat it.  As we were waiting, I noticed how dirty the entire interior was.  It looks like the floors and base boards have not cleaning in months.  Tables and floors were dirty and sticky-GROSS.  I did not check the bathrooms, too scared to try.  On top of all this, the price for their "Creations" is way too high!!!  I am tempted to call the health department for an inspection.  DON"T GO THERE!!!  it is a waste of time and money.
