5	This place really is fantastic.  In a world of faceless, big box hardware warehouses filled to the ceiling with wares and employed by complete morons or lifeless zombies, Paul's Ace is heaven-sent.  I have never had a bad experience here, in fact, quite the opposite.  Every trip has been a buying pleasure. As you enter the store you are greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable staff member who will point you in whatever direction you need to go.  It seems like every aisle you turn down there is a smiling, happy face to greet you and to assist you with whatever you need.  Not to mention these guys/gals really know their stuff.  They seem to LOVE hardware.  They are more than happy to, without even asking, carry your items to the counter for you and even offer to carry them out to your car.  Real class acts.The best part of this place is that they are not corporate neutered pussies and will actually offer services the "other guys" won't because of rules imposed by some bullshit corporate mandate out of fear of a law-suit.  Fuck faceless corporations and fuck attorneys.Pau's Ace isn't as big as the other guys, and you may pay a few pennies more, but it is worth EVERY penny.  Plus, if you're like me and equate time with money, you actually come out ahead of the game by shopping here because you don't waste your precious time wading through 100,000 sq/ft of bullshit staffed with complete dockles.  No self-checkout here with a toothless, ogrish overseer, great service from start to finish.  OH, they've got a great popcorn machine too!
2	We had a 2pm appointment on Wednesday for Ace to come to the house and measure the windows for screen replacement.  No one showed at 2:00.  Eventually the Store Manager came out at 5:00 and made the measurements.  Install was scheduled for that Saturday and the store manager told me that someone would call on Friday to set up a time.  No one called on Friday.  Finally a voice mail from Mario on Saturday at noon.  I returned the call at 3pm and set up a 10am install on Sunday.  No one showed at 10am.  After asking Mario why no one showed at 10am as scheduled he replied,"No reason, I just came in late."  I am new to Arizona, but this is not the type of customer service that I am used to.
4	So you've just found yourself looking for a hardware store. Quick, Home Depot, Lowe's, or Ace Hardware. That's basically your options in Gilbert. You can find most anything you need at Ace Hardware, and it's a locally owned business. So that alone should steer you here. I've priced checked multiple times for a number of items between Ace and the Lowe's on Gilbert/Warner. Ace Hardware either comes out equal or just a tad bit more expensive. So why shop here if it's a bit more expensive? The service. That's why your on Yelp right? When you ask them a question at Ace, they will know the answer, or find someone who can. This place has saved me a bunch of time and money by not buying the wrong part, or wrong tool, or having to drive back 3 more times to buy the right thing. When it's 7:30 pm at night, the sun is fading and you just want to shower up and eat dinner, that will be important. So you can go to your big box hardware store, but who really needs extension cords in 8 colors, when you can buy the one you need and be in and out. I've always found whatever I'm looking for. Protip: Sign up for their reward program. I've gotten about $20+ in the last 2 years just from normal everyday purchases. Also, don't forget to check in!! They always have a $5 off of $25 purchase. Makes me spend more but I'll stock up on air filters.
2	Don't shop here if it's late...they will turn the lights off on you even if you have a cart full of stuff and it's near closing time. They are a bit more expensive than the big stores and their selection is limited but it's a good place to go if you know exactly what you need and just want to run in and out.
4	In life you have many choices... Buy Local or Buy BigBox. If you need a Local Hardware, in Gilbert, Choose this place for sure! The hubster usually has to drag me in to Ace Hardwares but NOT this one, I go voluntarily! *Don't tell him, but I will sometimes find a reason WHY he needs to go here if we are in the area! I did just hat the other day and he found EVERYTHING he had been searching for, EVEN Ball Bearings! *I think thats what they are called... ehh who knows! There is something for everyone in the family at this store... Kids Section: Check, Pet Section: Check, Paint Section: Check, Tons of little things for the Husband: Check, Patio Section: Check! My recommendation is to stop in here before heading to that BigBox Store, Ask one of the VERY Helpful Employees for ... and they will gladly help you out! Buy Local... It will make your heart smile!
5	This isn't the closest hardware store to my home but I often drive the extra distance because I like the staff, who are both knowledgeable and helpful, and because their store is bright and clean.
5	I love Ace. Always able to find those unique screw or miscellaneous parts. The best part is there is always someone there to help. Keep up the great service.
5	A new house means I have discovered Ace Hardware!! I don't think I'd ever been inside an Ace Hardware before, but a friend gave me a great coupon when I needed interior paint. Who knew I'd ever be interested in or need buy 2 gallons, get 1 free! Why yes, I took care of that. Ace has Valspar and Clark & Kensington paints (both owned by Ace, I think), and paintbrushes and other painting accoutrements. I've also bought a shower drain and shelf liner here. Other items they have include tools, household and auto cleaners, seasonal decorations, yard tools, stuff for your lawn and garden, lighting, and much more. The folks at this location have been really helpful every time I've been in. I can personally vouch by their ability to do paint color-matching!
