4	A good, simple place to eat. A bit pricey, but decent portions are served here. Spicy or non spicy chicken or beef, always full of flavor with each bite. A Healthy alternative to Panda joints. With a drink you'll spend nearly 10 bucks, so my visits are ocassional.
4	Love this place, they have the best teriyaki in town.  I always go pick it up and it's usually 10 minutes or less.  Combo plates come with your choice of rice and salads, and they are pretty good on the portion sizes.  I get coupons for this place all the time so I make good use of them.  Love that as soon as I give them my phone number they know my name.  I'm sure it's just a computer thing but it still makes me feel special.  Yum!
3	Teriyaki Madness is a great option for quick and healthy meal.  I got the chicken teriyaki bowl (medium spicy) and added steamed vegetables for a buck more.  Out came a huge bowl of tasty chicken slathered in good ol' teriyaki sauce and crunchy tasty veggies.  Conclusion:  Healthy (depending what you order), quick and tasty.
4	This is the second location I have been to in Las Vegas. I am happy to say its just as good as the one on Warm Springs. The best deal in the place is the two-combo plate at $8.25. Spicy Chicken and Beef Teriyaki  for the win! I think the location on Warm Springs has better ambiance since its on a corner in the strip mall and has more light. The hall-way on the side of the counter where you sit is a little narrow and I was creeped out by it. I really don't know why.
4	Highly generic but surprisingly good.  I got the teriyaki chicken with extra vegetables and the bill came to $7.77.  Food that one can get hooked to.
5	Never been let down yet. Chicken Yakisoba is my fav!! Make sure you find and use a buy 1 get 1 free coupon. I mix the red chili sauce and teriyaki and make my own spicy addition. Love this quick lunch place and their friendly staff!
4	This was my first visit to Teriyaki Madness. I was very impressed with the laid back atmosphere of the restaurant. The staff were nice and friendly; and the restaurant was very decorated. It had a flat screen tv for people to watch sports while they ate. The food was delicious, having never been I went for the original teriyaki chicken plate with brown rice and mixed veggies. My food was fresh and very tasty!! They also have a coupon for buy one entree get one equal lesser value. :)
5	My new addiction is this place for sure! The chicken is always cooked perfectly and served quickly. My biggest props is that the chicken is cut very well and you knew every piece of chicken dies does not have fat arround it. Everyone is very friendly there too.
2	BLUF: You get the Madness when you get the total.I like to think of this as haole style oriental food.  The problem I have with it is that it's way too expensive.  The g/f and I got a combo plate with spicy chicken and teriyaki chicken with white rice, some stir fry veggies (which was 80% cabbage) and one small soda.  Some how that came out to over $11.  I guess that's where it gets the "madness" in it's name.  The food was good, but not so great that I would call it 'addicting' or justify the price.  The portions were small for what we ended up getting.  My g/f said that it was about 2/3's the size of the portion that she got when she came here before.  The food was like going to Panda Express, except the chicken was cooked fresh.  So in my opinion, it was not worth the Madness of the cost.
5	There has been times that we order to go, and sometimes we stay and eat.  But for a person who loves teriyaki, Teriyaki Madness is the place to be.  I'll be honest, there are some things I like about the place, there are things that I don't like.  But, what matters the most is the quality of the food, which is very fulfilling.  But to give you guys an idea of the place, its located on Craig and Revere, inside the Craig Promenade.  Its in between Big Lots and Party Pro.  Teriyaki Madness has a small restaurant, but big enough to dine in.  A few rows, of tables also tables on the side in the back area.  It also have pictures of famous people, and some of them has been autographed.  What I like about it, is that you have plenty of places to sit at.  What I don't like about it, is when its full, and the only seat that are open, is against the wall and your figuring out, how the hell you're going to get there.  But when you do have a way to getting to your seat its just enough room to enjoy your meal.  They seem to keep it clean majority of the time, but of course when they are busy, it may take them a while to clean a spot for you.  The staff, are very nice, I do like that they are friendly.  I really like the fact, when you call in your order, they sometime remember your order.  Probably cause its in the computer system that tells you, or you probably been ordering from them a lot.  I do like the fact that it doesn't take to long 10-15 minutes is not a long wait.The quality of the food is great, and the portion is always fullfilling.  There's sometimes when I can't finish it and I save it for later, and it still taste good later.Overall, highly recommended for the teriyaki lovers out there.
5	5 stars all the way! :)
5	When I moved to N. LV I couldn't find good Teriyaki anywhere. One day my wife drove by and stopped in and brought home a combo plate with beef teriyaki and chicken teriyaki. I Love it!Since then we never go anywhere else. The price isn't the cheapest, but I promise you if you like quality it's well worth it. Plus, it's always clean and has a friendly staff which can be a make or break deal for me.
4	I came here a couple of months ago...and it wasn't bad! The people were SUPER nice and GREAT service. I ordered a Teriyaki chicken bowl since it seemed like the norm. It was yummy! It was made to order and the chicken had great flavor! i will go back!!!
4	They don't have a huge menu, but they do what they do well.  Friendly service and good food.  And it's reasonably healthy too.
4	Madness is right! This place on Craig Rd is crazy! Crazy good food and crazy employees! I love going here once a month or so! Would go more often but that would totally kill my diet! The beef teriyaki bowl is my personal favorite, but my kids like the plates too. The salad is good and the veggies are quite tasty! I like the atmosphere. It's a little cozy in there and its loud. SO it works great for carry out...not so much if you want to eat in. The setup is much more communal and that doesn't work for everyone. I wouldn't mind that so much if there were more room or the noise level was knocked down a couple of decibels! Another reviewer commented on how they always know your order or seem to. I agree, I like being called by my first name and I don't mind the casual banter and a good ribbing. The staff all seem good natured! I almost got put to work the last time I went in....LOL! Pretty fun place to hang out for a bit. Although you never have to wait very long for the food. I think the comment on quantity of food may stem from the days when they used styrofoam containers. When I first started going there the food came in large styrofoam containers, then at some point they switched to the plastic take out containers! Much better, but the QUANTITY did go down! QUALITY is never an issue! I always eat more than I should! TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS! They should go check out the MADNESS! And sign up for their texts,....they have a club that sends out specials!
3	As I was scrolling down the other reviews I was surprised at the high ratings. My sister and I stumbled upon this place by chance, we were actually going to the Hawaiian Poke place a few doors down, but we didn't realize it was just a takeout deli so we walked around and found Teriyaki Madness. We tried two things off of the menu: chicken teriyaki bowl and the beef teriyaki bowl. The chicken bowl gets 4 1/2 stars. Its got a nice flavor, the chicken is tender, and the vegetables go really well with it. The beef teriyaki is terrible. The meat was very tough, rubbery, and unpleasant. Haven't been back since to review anything else, so if you go get the chicken bowl if you're indecisive about chicken or beef.
3	Combo plates will definitely fill your appetite. The prices are very reasonable. There wasnt anything amazing about the place but nothing really bad. I will say that the mac salad wasnt that good atleast compared to hawaiian places..but they give u choices of salad greens, veggies, or mac salad with entrees. Came here during lunch and they were busy...had the beef/pork teriyaki combo w/ noodles/fried rice, which was very filling. Service was fast and place was clean.
5	Great friendly staff, always good food and LOVE the spicy chicken breast plate! Add veggies or rice for only a $1.00 extra to any plate or bowl! Their punch card is great, 10th plate is free!
4	I like this location because it is on my way home. The food is fresh and hot and after a long day at work (where the EDR sucks), it is very convenient . The other reason that it is mostly take out for me is that this location feels very cramped. The store is quite small with most of the seating packed into the front. There is a long section down the side with some tables but it makes me feel claustrophobic. The staff's attitude is a bit more business friendly; kind of get the overtone of "pay, take your food and go" rather than "hey nice to see you again." But I really can't knock it, cause that is what I am there for anyway - takeout. And as far as the food goes, if my order is right, fast and yummy I have no complaints.
3	When i went, they had their doors wide open and people were standing outside waiting on their food cuz it smelled really really bad in there. I have no idea how some people sat there and ate their food in there, but man... the odor just bugged me. I had crab rangoon, which was decent. it wasnt the best, but it wasnt the worst. I'll update my review next time i get a chance to go there and eat a meal. It seems like they dont really have as many options on their menu as i expected, but I'll give them another shot.
2	Was in the mood for Poke express but found out the place was closed and then went to 808 and wow closed too.. Guess they was on Hawaiian time? So decided to try this place.. It was ok.. Ordered the combo spicy chicken and orange chicken and for the price they charge it wasn't worth it! The portions there was disappointing.
3	Their name should be Teriyaki Sadness !
4	Good service with friendly employees. The serving sizes are plenty and the food is tasty!
2	Food is delish, but lady forgot to give me my salad so I had to ask her for it. She was like "oh yeah!" 5 mins later.... Nothing. She had forgotten again, and continued conversing with a coworker up front. Needless to say, I walked out never getting my salad.Another time we ordered 1 side of white rice and it took 20 mins - no exaggeration. Ridic!!!!
4	For the price this place is good. Chicken Teriyaki is very good! Portions are very in the customers favor. Also a plus the place looks very clean!
3	Don't get the veggie stir fry, its all cabbage.
4	I like this place.  It is fast and it is cheap!  The servings are very generous.It is basic teriyaki stuff.  Not much to  say - It is a basic teriyaki place...
5	Love the service and absolutely adore the food had such a great experience. Its really nice to see the owner pushing food and interacting with customers leading by example letting you know your business matters YOU GO BOYZZ!!!!
2	The food was good BUT I will say that the staff was talking and CHANGING TRASH BAGS about 2 feet away from where I was eating. why can't they wait till I get up? They were speaking loudly, talking about cars and SWEARING while there are children around. I understand they are young but management needs to crack the whip and maybe be around more often. So unprofessional.  And I work in the industry!
4	Been here about 10+ times in the last year.  Didn't realize that I never reviewed this place. Last visit 8/13/12. What I've Tried:-Chicken Breast Bowl w/Brown Rice (Extra Meat):  Only when I feel like eating healthier-Teriyaki Chicken Bowl w/Brown Rice (Extra Meat):  My go to meal-Orange Chicken w/White Rice: Nothing special, actually prefer Panda Express-Katsu Chicken w/White Rice:  Stick to a Hawaiian restaurant. When it comes to taste, I think this place is tastier than Tboy and Samurai Sams. Tboy and Samurai Sams can taste a little bland.  I can't place it, but TMAD definitely taste better.  However, I still find myself going to Samurai Sam's more often since I get a discount.
3	Not a bad place for a Teriyaki Bowl on the go. The chicken is nice and tasty and you get good value for the money. On the downside though I found the macaroni salad to be disappointing and the employees at this location are not as friendly as they should be. Overall I would say if you want a quick bite for a reasonable price then this place is a decent enough choice, but if your looking for more quality then you will be disappointed.  Kind of like the McDonald's of T-Bowls.
4	For quick and semi-healthy meal.Brown rice topped with chicken and side of steamed veggies. Can't go wrong. All locations are very friendly, fast and efficient !
4	Decent fast food at decent prices.Went with the teriyaki chicken plate, so that we could have rice and sides for all of our yummy Poke we bought next door.  They were very cool there, and didn't give us a hard time about eating the poke there in their restaurant.Chicken was good, but not mind blowing.  Plenty of food to go around though, and the prices were around $10 for the plate and a drink.  Mac salad wasn't bad....rice was nice and fresh.Not a bad choice if you are in the area.
5	so delicious! i absolutely love this place!!!!!! i recommend their white rice with orange chicken!!!
4	Not as good as it used to be and prices have been raised. This will be a seasonal treat vs. a regular stop.  You get a decent amount of filler aka rice.
4	I love this place! Super good food and and always friendly service. I love the teriyaki chicken bowls for a quick meal on the go. You can call ahead and just pick it up on your way through. Super convienient and I don't feel super unhealthy about it! Mmmmm!
4	I get the same thing here for years....Orange chicken bowl w/brown rice...Yes I am addicted...I took away 1 star because they took the pictures off the wall...Really...It's very plain in their...As well as the floor is a safety hazard, and sometimes appears dirty...
5	Great place to eat something healthy.  They have several options like all white meat chicken, salmon, brown rice, and veggies. The service  you receive here is always friendly and they always get my order right.  Order ahead if you don't want to wait, becuase they cook everything to order.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with Teriyaki Madness. I had the chance to try them once before and chose to go with Novecento instead. Depeding on my mood, I can't say I'd do that again. My daughter and I went here on a fluke because we were shopping next door at Big Lots. I am never in the Northwest area, so when I am I try to get something I can't get in my hood. She went with the classic bowl add veggies. I went with the spicy chicken bowl add extra spice and veggies. There is an upgrade option for everything. Brown rice, noddles instead, all white meat, extra meat & more. I like and dislike this factor. The plus side is, no matter what you like from fish to pork to vegitarian- they have an option for you. The downside, there's an upcharge for it. The bowl before veggies is $7, so if your'e like me and want all the goodies- it will probably end up around $10-12 depending on if you went with the plate or bowl and what extras you add. I also really liked that every table had soy sauce, siracha, and TERIYAKI sauce! Most spots charge when you want extra sauce. Well they stuck witht the name TERIYAKI MADNESS, and gave unlimited sauce for all. YAY!Good service, Clean, I hope there is one by my new house!
4	Asian fusion restaurants usuallly charge a premium, but I thought teriyaki madness catered to many of us that like to stay in a smaller range for a quick bite. Food was pretty good and staff was friendly. The spicy beef is great!!
4	Yum! Love their spicy chicken! Just the right amount of spice with a little kick.When the husband and I are craving rice but don't want to cook, we come here. Seriously something about that spicy chicken is just amazing!I deducted a star because the first time we came here my husband ordered the noodles and it was extremely bland and flavorless :( he ended up tossing it out and sharing my spicy chicken with me....and we've been hooked since!
2	After driving some distance to tryout the Hawaiian place a couple doors down only to find that it was closed on Mondays, I decided I might as well stop in to Teriyaki Madness for kicks and giggles.  Basically, this place is an expensive Panda Express.  The food is ok, but I dropped $10 on my food (without drink) and found that the vast majority of my dish was white rice.  I felt a little gypped having paid so much and getting skimped on the meat, I don't think I will be going back.  The food is cooked fresh, which is a plus, and they do have healthy options on the menu. But it really just isn't that great.
3	The food is ok.. High in price for just a rice bowl..  I would have liked more meat..
3	Meh.  It's so/so.  I don't know that there are any really good teriyaki joints in town any more.
5	This is my favorite lunch spot - The lo-carb chicken spicy plate is my favorite dish. The yakisoba is good, and the chicken egg rolls great. The cool thing is you can add spice at the level you like. They know me by name - I've been going here on a regular basis for about the last 2 yrs!
3	To me this is still a three star.  I do want to say that my review is part of my personal preference for a teriyaki bowl.  I prefer flank steak over the thin sliced steak and I also am not a huge fan of paying extra for vegis.  It's a coke and pepsi situation I guess, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't give them a try and make up your own mind.The owner did reach out to me based on my last review and I commend him.
2	So, I've been here a couple times in the past and it was always just okay. This time I got the teriyaki beef, which was surprisingly good. My boyfriend got the orange chicken, and opted for the plate instead of the bowl -- but it seemed that the portion was the same amount as the bowl. The orange chicken pieces were small, but decent tasting... a little too crunchy. Overall, portions did not match the prices and we won't be returning to eat here.
1	So rude!!!! I hate themI wanted to call in my order so it I can just go in pay and pick up dinner. Well I was on the phone on hold the entire time while driving there. And then I was still on the hold when I arrived at the restaurant up until I was actually in front of them ready to give them my order. I said "well I can probably hang up now that I am here since you placed me on hold this entire time." I said it with a smile while looking directly at her. "You don't seem to concern about the customers on the phone do you?" She even answered the phone while I was there and placed them on hold as well. Cashier's response, "Uuuh, so what can I get for you?. There was like maybe two more couples in this place so it was not like they were bombarded with orders. This person was not even apologetic what so ever.  She asked other girl "hey did you put some one on hold". Response: Yeah, I don't know. CLUELESS. The entire staff does not have ANY customer service skills. And then when I got my order, I check to see if it was all there and I opened the box, this chick NOT EVEN LOOKING , put the packets of sauce in the my BOX!!!!!!!! while I was inspecting. Seriously!!!!!
4	It's some really really good food here! Glad I finally stopped in to try it. I'm giving it 4 stars tho because a piece of hair that wasn't mine, was in my food! Ugh!!
4	Second time eating here with my boyfriend. I ordered the spicy chicken plate with brown rice and a side of macaroni salad. Boyfriend got the Katsu bowl with white rice and vegetables. We also got 1 fountain drink. Total came out to $19.97.The food was good but the workers seemed rude. No smile or a welcome = 1 less star!  I would highly recommend the spicy chicken teriyaki. Flavor with every bite and just the right amount of spiciness!
4	Ended up here since Poke Express is to go only. Easy parking access and killer AC made this fast food joint a relaxing place for lunch.I went with the double protein combo - beef & chicken teriyaki and stir fried veggies. The portion was large and  the beef tasted marinated - nom nom! Even the veggies were cooked just right and yummy over the steamed rice. BTW they offer a brown rice option.I'll be returning here for sure.
5	I'm addicted to their spicy chicken teriyaki!!! I also like their chicken teriyaki and orange chicken. Food is prepared fresh to order. The facility is always clean and the customer service is great. I would definitely recommend this place. Check it out!!
5	Good food.  Fresh ingredients.  Friendly staff.  Worth paying a bit more for a healthier option than most fast food joints.
4	Good teriyaki bowls... One of many things I'm an expert at is chicken teriyaki and Teriyaki Madness makes good ones. Choose your meat/protein: I had chicken (dark). Choose a base: I had white rice.  Choose a side: I didnt want vegetables so I asked for just more rice. I just got a chicken bowl but if you order the larger size plate sides can be also be green salad or mac salad. Their other protein options are beef, spicy chicken, chicken breast only, orange chicken, chicken katsu or tofu. The other base options are brown rice, fried rice, veggies or noodles.Service was friendly & it didnt take too long considering how busy they were during the Saturday lunch rush when I was there. They ask for your name when you order so just listen for it to be called. I ordered to eat in but was still given a nice, sturdy bowl worthy of take-out. It was the nice plastic kind with a snap lid. It was nice but I thought it was such a waste of plastic especially since I was eating in and all I got was the bowl. I was starved so there was not gonna be any leftovers for sure. The chicken was good. It was cooked just right. With some char marks from the grill. I really liked it. There was a good amount & since I got dark meat, the chicken was indeed juicy & tasty. It was a pretty good teriyaki bowl. I recommend them if you are ever in North Las Vegas & looking for a decent teriyaki meal.
5	I am addicted to this place.  I always get the beef and chicken combo with fried rice.  I just inhale it.  Maybe one of these days, I'll actually take my time, chew and savor the wonderful flavors.
