1	Dr. Croft seems like a good dentist and I really like the dental hygienist at this office but they can't get their billing straight so I had to go elsewhere.  I told them which insurance I use and I was quoted a price. I had the procedure done and then they told me I owed more money because they quoted me incorrectly the first time.  There was no apology.  Just "give us more money" even though it was their mistake. So I begrudgingly paid them the extra because switching dentists is a hassle.  The next time I went in, I was told I still owed them for the procedure because they forgot to collect my deductible on my previous visit.  Once again, I gritted my teeth and paid them.  A week later, I received an explanation of benefits from my insurance company for a claim that happened while I was on a different insurance plan.  I had switched jobs and insurance in between visits but I made the dentist office aware of the change and they still screwed it up.  I think the dental care here is good but the person in charge of billing is incompetent.I understand that mistakes happen in every business but the way that this office handled the mistakes was unacceptable.  They made no apologies for their errors and really didn't seem to care if I stayed with them or left.  So I left.
5	Dr. Croft and his staff are amazing. Every time I come to their office I am sincerely greeted and feel super welcomed. The entire staff is very professional and well trained. I have no complaints whatsoever during my visits to this business establishment.
5	Dr. Croft and his dental practice are the most professional, personable, and knowledgeable group i have ever met.  I actually enjoy going to the dentist!  THANKS DR. CROFT!
5	Dr. Croft and his staff are so nice and genuinely helpful. I wouldn't trust my teeth to any other dentist. I have had nothing but good experiences with Dr. Croft for the past 10 years.
1	Dr. Croft's front office lady, Adina, is as fake as they get...I wanted to try a new dentist that is closer to my home so, I called Dr Croft's office stating I needed a root canal done.  I even gave Adina the codes I had from my other dentist. I specifically said to her I know I need a root canal and explained her the situation as to why I needed this procedure done.  So I see Dr. Croft and he does a full mouth exam and an xray on me, and what would you know, he says I need a root canal. The next words out of his mouth are, sorry unfortunately I have stopped doing root canals ten years ago. I was in shock, I brought this to Adinas attention and she says they will get back to me. Of course they haven't gotten back back to me.  I then get a bill in the mail for a full mouth exam and an xray. Well, I have dental insurance, so the issue is not paying the bill, but it is how dishonest and misleading money grabbers Dr. Croft and office staff are. My intention is for others to read this and not be fooled by Dr. Croft and his office staff's horrible business practices!!!
