3	Here's the description of JD's from Scottsdale Plaza's website: "J.D.'s LoungeEnjoy the atmosphere of an English Sports Pub at J.D.'s Lounge at the Scottsdale Plaza: shoot a game of pool, play a few holes of Golden Tee, catch some sports action on five large TV's and choose from a fine selection of beers on tap all accompanied by the best free popcorn around.Open at 11 a.m. to midnight, daily"Pretty much sums up my numerous visits there during my stay for one night at Scottsdale Plaza. The food was good, better than your average bar/pub food. We got the Southwest Chicken Sandwich and Tuna Sandwich. The tuna wasn't really flavorful, kinda bland. Nothing special. The Southwest Chicken was good, but messy. It fell apart really easily. Chicken was cooked perfectly though, not dried out at all. The fries were okay, would prefer them to taste more fresh to order, but instead they were sort of stale.The favorite is the $4 schooner of the Sunset Wheat. Such an amazing deal! We got that at the start of our day and end of our night.
3	This pub was great, but the food was not that great. They're open late plus they offered us a 15% off coupon! There are numerous big flatscreens all around, which made it great for grabbing lunch, beer and some sports. They have a Sunset Wheat that's pretty much like a hefeweizen for $3 for a pint. Great deal in my book. The food was OK. The service for the food was a tad slow but maybe because the pub was packed at the time. The ranch was delicious, totally made my meal.
2	Ate here as we were at a conference and did not have a bunch of time in between sessions. It is just ok not great not horrible. The free popcorn was yummy and the perfect amount of salt. The chicken fingers I split with a coworker were extremely overcooked and dry. Ok when you are rushing between sessions.
2	The reason you get two stars here and not one is the fact that the wait staff is good and the food was decent. However the decor is drab, and well past it's prime. I was here for a conference, and therefore there was not too much of choice to get a cold one and watch the game. There were several TV's, although most of them were small and this place is pretty crowded when you get 15 or 20 people inside. The food was pretty good I must admit, but again the stale green carpet and dark wood paneling leave a little to be desired.
3	For my 1300th review, I am going to review a lounge named after me...?!  :) Awesome!  I found this place via Groupon.  It's a small lounge/bar area in the Scottsdale Plaza Hotel.  There's a small bar sized (6 ft) pool table in the lounge as well as a few TV's so you can watch sports.During Happy Hour it gets pretty busy.  During my visits, I sampled the following menu items:Nachoshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=NoabkdWqBta-5RRtK-9opg#NoabkdWqBta-5RRtK-9opgPotato Skinshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=BhrLIs6tTlghmU_u3AuU-A#BhrLIs6tTlghmU_u3AuU-Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=5IOo_SDPNd1AfPEdQwNzwg#5IOo_SDPNd1AfPEdQwNzwgCheese Stickshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j-d-s-lounge-scottsdale?select=gfj_9__b4wBDoFmKVNq1IQ#gfj_9__b4wBDoFmKVNq1IQThe food was average.  The Potato Skins were bland and quite small.  The Cheese Sticks were just OK.....so were the Nachos.  For a sports bar type lounge, that surprised me.  Usually, they get the bar food down pat.  The service was so/so too.  One visit, it was good....the other it was bad.  There are too many other choices in town.Return Factor - 30%
2	Two stars for the food, 5 stars for the bartenders and free popcorn. Sent the dog biscuit dry chicken back, got dry flavorless ribs in its stead. Don't eat here. But great place to come for drinks!
4	This is a cozy place for locals and hotel guest to hang out with no pressure. The best part if having Holly singing on Friday and Saturday.  It livens up the place. Too bad unless you know about it there is no sign on a marque for people traveling in the area.  That would be my only suggestion.
3	Good pub faire in a decent setting. I had sliders with a fruit salad. All ingredients were fresh and tasty. My experience last week was good, with friendly and efficient service. Although, I was a single diner arriving at 2:20 pm on a quiet Saturday afternoon.
4	They hosted our Notre Dame game watch party - we had a wonderful time! Great people, great service and very good food!
2	This was an incredibly mediocre experience. I am trying to find words to say and things to write, but everything was so incredibly plain and unimpressive that I am not inspired to write anything great or profound. We had a party of 8 and the service was fine. The decor was pretty dated. I had a salad but don't really remember much about it. I'm going to stop now because I have nothing productive to offer, it was that unmemorable.
4	The waitstaff here has been so friendly and awesome. Had a club sandwich, French onion soup, and the tacos. Chicken Tacos are huge and have good flavor. The soup was very savory, on the saltier side, but I love salt. This has been a good little spot to kill time at the plaza resort.
