5	When I saw the "Now Open" sign over this shop, I immediately went from the far right lane to the far left to make a U-turn.  An amazing store for home decor!  When visiting family in another state, a trip to Rod Works was always on the to-do list.  The company recently started franchising, with one in Las Vegas and now one in Higley, AZ. There's none of the frou-frou, too-cute stuff you see elsewhere.  This is all about wrought iron, hammered tin vases and decorations, glazed enamel, unusual wall decor, and so much more.  Be sure to sign up on the email list and get a punch card to earn $15 off.  Prices are reasonable and there is always good stuff on the clearance shelves.
5	Beware ... this is not a place your wife can just go into "for a minute" You are stuck for at least and hour (if you are lucky) Don't get me wrong its an amazing store (if you are a woman) but don't go there expecting to get out quickly (if you are a man) This place has any and every kind of decoration possible - prices are good.  I have been to similar stores (even reviewed similar stores) and these prices are a TON better compared.  If you are needing to decorate your home - check it out.  And Yes, they have way much more than just rod and iron works stuff.  Awesome place.
5	I'm in L*O*V*E with this store. I went here for the first time on Wednesday and was back on Saturday. And yes, there is no such thing as just popping in for a minute. It's like a home decor black hole. It's not  huge space, but you can go through the whole store several times  and still see something new on each pass.There is a lot of iron pieces, but so much more. You can find something for every room of the house, no matter what your taste is. Modern, country, traditional or Victorian! The staff is so helpful...bring in a picture of the space you'd like to find something for and they will find the perfect piece to fill it. True story. The space above my tv is no longer nekkid. No breaking the pocket book either. I usually shy away from these specialty stores because they mark up the product so much, but not here.I was very very happy that I discovered this store.
5	This adorable home decor store just happens to be right in my neighborhood!I stumbled across a deal for this store off at PlumDistrict.com. The deal was for $20 for $40 of home decor from Rod Works. I happened to have a coupon for Plum District for an extra 25% off any deal, taking this deal to a steal at $15 for $40!!Anyways, being the shopper that I am, I was off to spend my deal certificate the next afternoon. Upon my arrival I was greeted with a cornucopia of decor ideas, creative displays & unique pieces. I walked through the store and was almost overwhelmed with the selection. There were 3 ladies working at the store at the time and they seemed to be doing some pretty good business. The ladies working were friendly, helpful and even helped by offering some suggestions for what I was looking for. I found everything to be moderately priced and well put together, noting seemed cheaply made and they had a nice selection of rod iron items. The prices on items are more then that of what you would expect to pay at Marshalls or Ross but less then you would expect to pay at Pier One or Pottery Barn. Here is what I purchased:18"x36" Cool metal multi-colored wall art - $36.95 + 50% offburnt coral & bronze candle pillars - $10.95 (med) & 14.95 (large)mult-bead string accents - $6.9512'x18" painted wooden wall hanging - $24.95Overall, I enjoyed my shopping experience here and look forward to shopping here again in the future!
5	Great home decor store.  Your go to place for iron scroll works.  It can be overwhelming as there is a lot of merchandise in a small amount of space.  Decent prices on most things.
4	My team gave me a gift card to Rod Works as part of my going away present.  I had received various gifts from a particular co-worker from this location over the past couple of years, so I was excited to get to shop here for myself.  The store is well-organized and the staff is *really* nice.  Walking into a smaller store I expected to be pestered to death with lots of "suggestions" and "Can I help you"s - but I was left alone after an initial greeting.  The women who rang me up took the time to wrap up my glass pieces in bubble wrap, despite the growing line behind me during the busy holiday season.The location of this store is perfect for people who live in Queen Creek, Gilbert, Chandler, etc. - and I know they have other locations.The decor is primarily "rustic" - as the name would suggest.  I found some goodies for my brother-in-law, a set of glass hurricane lanterns for my MIL, and a couple of adorable picture frames for myself.They run good sales, they are super nice, and they have lots of cutesy stuff in a store that is not overcrowded in the least.  I say go.  :)
5	Love love love this store!  I stumbled upon it between appointments and came home with great decor for my home as well as Mother's Day gifts. Prices are definitely reasonable and there is a wide variety of items for both inside and home and out.
2	I love this place for the items in it......NOT for the rude, lacking customer service employees who work there!! Rod Works is lucky in that there are many housewives who need something to buy while their kids are at school and husbands are working....this alone keeps them in business......because it sure isn't how they service their clients! Very dissappointed in you all tonight....especially the older lady who was very rude to me when I was trying to spend money in her store today. If u go.....know that YES they have super cute stuff....but....bring your armor to shield yourself from the rudeness. Get it together Rod Works.....you're in the customer service industry.
