4	LabCorp, you know, the place where you get blood drawn.  This is the Tempe location, notable because it is open on Saturdays.  On Saturdays, they open at 9am and EVERYONE wants to be first.  Get there at 9:05 and the place will be packed.The guy who took my blood was relaxed, friendly, and very good at what he was doing.  If you don't mind a wait sometimes, this is a good place to go if you need labwork done.
2	This is a very sad and scary lab. The location moved from a fairly old and dingy space to a newer location, however the people seemed to have only gotten worse. A comment by one yelper "attitude of prisoners" is right on the mark. I've never experienced a phlebotomist cracking their knuckles in front of me following an request if they could be gentle with the needle since I can bruise a lot. Regardless of how ridiculous and too common this request may have seemed to this 20-something, male, health care professional, there is absolutely no excuse for their ignorance or mannerism towards a patient.  I hope he never works in a setting where a patient would be helpless to request another phlebotomist. He shouldn't have a job working with people under any circumstances.  Fortunately, the substitute professional was okay even if not apologetic. They all seem terribly unpleasant making this a difficult place to visit. Working in a health care profession I understand that stress related to a rushed schedule is largely to blame on marginal reimbursements by 3rd party. At the time I was there, they were very slow. Two stars given for one out of two professionals being okay and the newer facility appearing clean and bright.
1	Slow slow slow, why in the name of god is a express lane not used for people simply dropping something off or taking a drug test....worst management of customer time I have seen. If you are coming here pack a lunch!!!!
5	I have never had to wait very long and I go there all the time. They are very good.
1	Very slow service. I scheduled an appointment for 1:15, and arrived at 1:00 to give myself plenty of time. I was not seen until 2:15. What's the purpose of an appointment system if patients are taken in order whether they have appointments or are walk-ins? I was forced to miss work and my boss was not happy! Thanks LabCorp!
1	If your doc wants you to go to LabCorp politely ask for Sonora Quest instead.  Totally unprofessional.  The place also stinks of urine.  They also totally do not honor their appointments.  My wife had an 11:00 AM appt for a fasting blood test.  She arrived at 10:50 AM with paperwork ready.  They got "around to her" by 3:30 PM.  Even then everyone tried to get "in front" of her as a "walk in".My wife was fasting since midnight per doctor's orders...C'mon!  My wife did get her blood drawn, and I took her for food afterwards.  She almost fainted due to a lack of food.  She spent the rest of the day sleeping because of a headache due to lack of food.  Honor your appointments, or else do not make it available.Also, have more locations open on the weekends (specifically Saturday).-----------My wife's comments were something to the nature, when you go for labwork to Sonora Quest on a Saturday morning in Mesa, you never had this kind of wait, and it never stunk of urine in the place!!!  I would go in as a "walk in" with no appointment to Sonora Quest on a Saturday morning.-------------------If there was a wait to give a "negative" rank, I would give this place a negative 3 stars.  Not even a zero or one.I will like to let LabCorp know that my wife will have a conversation with her doctor to ask for a change next time to something not LabCorp.  She is ready to deal with Sonora Quest, or the competition to LabCorp. CLEAN UP YOUR ACT!!!!
1	I for years used Sonora Quest due to insurance. I mad appointments and was "always" in and out. Top wait may have been 15 minutes in all the times I ever went. THEN my insurance changed as did my lab. Now I have to go to Labcorp. These people are not friendly and despite all the times I have had appointments I always have had a 25-45 minute wait. I suffer from Anxiety and severe pain - so this is not a good situation for me. It makes me angry. This facility looks low income and they treat people like low income. People with appointments are not given priority - so why have an appointment system? Today I went and only had to pick up some test that I do at home. I had to wait 25 minutes only for them to tell me they didn't have the test. Then they told me where I could go to pick it up (20 miles away) - I get there and the gal said they never called her and they didn't have that test. She called the next closest (another 15 miles away and no closer to home) Labcorp and they had talked to Tempe - the girl highlighted the wrong location. Even though she told me the crossroads of the wrong one. I have dealt with this gal in Tempe before and she is rude and they all seem so unorganized. Shouldn't appointments take priority????? I am so stressed every time I have to go get Lab work. I will drive farther and try another one and hope they are better.
