4	Tables, Chairs, Linens, Umbrellas, Utensils, etc... these are things you rarely think about but when you go to large events, they do come from somewhere.  And these are things I've had to think about recently when I've planned larger scale events for the Yelp Community.Luckily, Andrew's Rentals has been great for supplying the basics that I've needed with wonderful customer service, decent prices, delivery, and more.  They've made my life a lot easier - yes, I know I get stressed, but imagine if Andrew's Rentals were not there to help?!Anyways, I've used Andrews Rentals for the high top tables and the plastic tablecloths at the Heard Museum event, and most recently, Andrews Rentals supplied the six foot tables and black linen table cloths that the vendors used at the Yelp Rocks! Martini Ranch event...Both times, they delivered as promised with no major problems... If you're in need of anything for a house party to a wedding or major corporate event, give Evelyn at Andrew's Rental a call... she's a doll and I guarantee from my experience that you'll be in good hands.  Party on!
4	If you're on the hunt for anything relating to a party, this is your one stop shop. On one side, Andrews Party Rental rents out party essentials including the norm like tables, chairs, linens, etc as well as unique items such as pop corn carts (with the pop corn and bags!) They deliver the rentals efficiently and pick them up on time. The pricing is competitive with other rental companies and they will match any price. This is definitely a one stop shop, especially when you visit their restaurant supply shop next door! When you're planning a party, the last thing you want to worry about are the rentals for the evening and luckily you don't have to with Andrews. Next time you plan a party, make sure you add Andrews to your list of quotes!
5	I came in here to rent some linens because the vinyl table cloths weren't going to cut it for this shindig, dahliing.  Evelyn really worked to make sure that I was getting the best deal.  Like, I wanted some skirting to go around the table but she told me how to work it so the table still looked good and I didn't have to pay for the added linens.  Also, while I was walking around I saw this huge massive fan, I can't get it out of my head.  I can't wait to find a purpose to rent that sucker.  They also seemed to have a lot of stuff for weddings, which won't help me at all but it may help you.
5	I needed to rent tables and chairs for a party, and turned to Yelp to see who are the people in your neighborhood. Andrews stood out from the rest of the pack, and I called them. Evelyn was a peach to work with, couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. Evelyn gave me ideas on how to save money and achieve the look I wanted.The prices were great, and their website has all the prices listed, unlike other places where God only knows what it costs to rent a plastic chair? You can pretty much do all your business online then you get a confirmation.I highly recommend Andrews Party Rental, and I sincerely hope to find an excuse to rent a cotton candy machine in the near future!
5	2 words - Customer Service.  I originally requested a quote from A-Z Rentals....terrible, terrible service.  In fact I am still waiting on a revised quote from them, even though my original inquiry was on Tuesday.  I contacted Andrews late on Thursday via their website.  I had a call within the hour and a quote 20 minutes after they called me back.  Very reasonable pricing and so great to deal with.  Evelyn is awesome!  I cannot recommend this company more....
5	This place is so covenient and has good prices. The leading lady Evelyn is super awesome and works with you to get the best deals. I rented the chairs for a day but couldnt return them until 2 days after due to work and she was ok with it. No extra charge. Pick up and drop off was super easy and the gentleman in the back was nice and helped out with loading and unloading. Overall this place is awesome and I would highly suggest it for your party/wedding needs.  :)
1	I ordered around 30 chairs and additional tables for Thanksgiving (yes, quite a large group) from Evelyn. She even arranged to have the items delivered AND picked up. Awesome! I was told that all Thanksgiving orders would be delivered on Monday or Tuesday--better yet, Evelyn offered me my preference.  "Monday!" I replied, earlier the better right?! Unfortunately when I called on Monday I was told my delivery would not make it until at least Tuesday or Wednesday. Naturally, I asked to speak to a manager regarding my order. The woman I spoke to (Marla) was immediately defensive and condescending. Not offering any type of resolution, but instead lecturing me on the logistics of how product delivery works and pointing out that I should be 'happy' to receive a Tuesday delivery since Thanksgiving  wasn't until Thursday.  She even CANCELLED the pick up of my items telling me that I would need to return them myself. Wow. I told her to cancel my order entirely. Surprisingly, that is not the end of this review, one that I wasn't going to write until this morning, when Andrew's Party rental charged me for my order...For a service they never provided. Don't be fooled by their high ratings like I was. I've never felt so mistreated by a business. I am not the first person to experience this. Read the filtered reviews. Do research on other websites! There are more customers with similar stories. Do yourself a favor and go through a legitimate rental company.
