5	My husband and I ate there last Saturday night. It was slightly busy and the hostess informed us that it was their soft opening. Our server Emily was wonderful! Very knowledgeable and witty. She made our meal a blast! The food was absolutely incredible.  We had lettuce wraps for an app and the flavors were amazing together. My husband had the ribeye which had a great sauce with it and I had the buttermilk chicken which was incredible! Cocktails were average but the service made up.  Will definitely go back soon
5	Sunday after the Farmers market my family and a buddy stopped by the new Urban Grill off of Eastern . Great food to say the least and very reasonably priced . DID NOT GET A CHANCE TO TRY THE COCKTAIL but if they are the caliber of the food they should be great at least. The service was great and the atmosphere was relaxing yet inviting cant wait to be back . Next time im in i will be at the bar trying the cocktail program!!!
2	First time today for lunch. Nice atmosphere. Our server, Paris, very nice and efficient. Food was a disappointment. Appetizer, fried shrimp and vegetables, were oily, not light or crisp. I had a tandori chix sandwich, it had good flavor, but it was warm as if sat for awhile before being served. The mixed vegetables that came with my meal were oily and soggy. My wife had the vegetable panini, she liked it.But her potato skins were way too salty. Maybe theyre still working out the bugs, but i dont think we'll be back to find out.
4	The place was empty, but the bartender was nice, and attentive.  We ordered all 3 courses and the food was good, Won Ton Nachos, interesting but could use more meat.  Grilled Cheese with a fried egg, excellent choice.  Banh-Mi Burger, Spicy, there is jalapeno on it!  Desert, was excellent.  The restaurant is huge and clean.  The bar area will be great for game watching if the TV's weren't on the ceiling.I recommend the food here, hope it lasts.
4	Give this place a shot. It is really a beautiful place, and the drinks are good (didnt try the food, but my friends said it was delicious). This location hasn't had much luck, and I hate to see that. It's right next to BJ's which is a chain and always busy. This is much classier and needs some attention from locals. Give it a try! I am going back there soon, and will update my review after I've tried the food.
3	The interior design and ambiance of this restaurant has a very classy modern feel. It certainly looks and feels like a really good restaurant. Their seats and tables are comfortable and their menus are very easy to read and order from.We had the Thai Wedge Salad, Indian Flatbread and a Twinkie Tiramisu for dessert. The salad and flatbread were good, but not as good as one would expect based on the price and look of the place.The salad was overpoweringly spicy. The tandoori chicken in the flatbread had only a bare hint of tandoori flavor. On the other hand, the Twinkie Tiramisu was delicious. Although, I'd be hard pressed to explain why it was called a twinkie tiramisu. Perhaps they need some time to get up to speed. Definitely a nice place to have a meal. Perhaps some of the other dishes may be better.
2	The menu looked good but the food sucked.  Little was edible.  So sad cuz I really liked the menu and wanted this to be a new go-to spot in Hendo.I was sick to my stomach the rest of the night and into the next morning.  The fried shrimp were the most disgusting thing I've eaten in a while.  They were battered and fried in old fry oil, so they absorbed a lot of brown grease.  Also for some reason they through in some non-battered zucchini and squash.  Right into the fryer!  Why?  They are very pourous vegetables and absorbed so much oil they weighed as much as silver dollars!  Bleccch.Likewise their asparagus was awful.  Paired with some kind of meat (hello?!?!  Wrap it in cream cheese and pancetta?!?!?!) and there was no evidence of the promised cheese in there.  Then they were wrapped in some kind of dough and appeared to be thrown into the fryer.  Heavy heavy heavy.  Limp, grease-soaked asparagus.  Absolutely disgusting. We felt bad cuz the waitress was really nice and we were talking so much s### about the food every time she came around to the table.  We ordered a lot and ate almost none of it.  The sliders were okay.  (Enough with the sliders already.  Jfc.)  The tacos were meh at best.  The lobster roll was way too tarragon-y and came with gross frozen, battered Oreida-style fries.  Make fresh fries.  You're supposed to be a trendy restaurant.No discernible change in the decor from the 2 previous tenants, both of which were ill-conceived "grill" concepts.The music was weird 50's stuff piped through cheap, tinny speakers.Sorry, Urban Grill.  I wanted to like you.  You're doing the no-longer-trendy updated junk food and comfort food thing which has played out in every other city but Vegas.  You're menu is strikingly similar to your neighbor, Republic, which also sucks.I wanted to but I didn't.  In fact I hated you.  One extra star for the nice waitress.
3	I passed this place while paying bills. I thought id pick my bf up and try it out for lunch. They just opened a few weeks ago so it was quiet inside only two other tables. We started off with the Crispy asparagus roll($9). It was Kalua pork, cream cheese around the asparagus wrapped with a fried phylo dough side of lime and sambal...delicious. Next the chicken lettuce wraps($10). Not going to explain because it wasn't anything special, it was not good.However my fried egg grilled cheese brought me back home to the islands, I think one of the chefs has to be from hawaii. Imagine mozzarella grilled cheese with tomato, sweetness of the bacon, ahhh and topped off with a perfectly cooked fried egg...yum, and only for $10.My Bf got the shrimp caprese pasta ($14). I thought it was ok just needed a little more love in the dish, but hes a chef and was totally not having it. Needed salt, acidity, and yes love. Well that sums up the food part. Service was ok, but Ill give them a break because they had just opened. Wont be rushing back in, but will not be avoiding it as well.
2	Met a girlfriend for an early lunch on a Friday afternoon (read: 11:30a).The service and attention were great. At first it was because I was - literally - the first patron in the place, but over the course of the meal it was apparent our waitress had a head on her shoulders. The waitress, Paris, was knowledgeable, helpful, and very accommodating. She was accurate in her descriptions and spot on with her wine suggestion. She was frank when I asked about items on the menu (either because I needed to make a substitution or was curious about the creative wording; the carpaccio has shaved parmesan... it does not say that the beef is shaved). The cream of mushroom soup was really tasty and Paris's breakdown of it was perfect. It was exactly as she described and quite good. A definite high spot and, in a slightly larger portion, possibly a meal in and of itself. The "Caesar" salad was not a Caesar, being made from mostly iceberg lettuce with only a few romaine hearts thrown in and hard, stale parmesan shavings (I opted to have them remove the croutons ahead of time). The dressing was thin and bland. The fresh ground pepper was helpful, but it should be an augment... not a savior. I was told it was a "new salad guy," but you don't need to be a salad guy to know the basics of a Caesar, especially in a professional restaurant environment. Salad fail; I sent it back.The Twisted Nachos were lacking in both taste and ingredients. The brie was barely whispered into a weak cheese sauce and the meat portion was lacking. There was an odd disparity between the thin cheese sauce and sausage as heavier ingredients versus the brightness of the tomatoes (very fresh), black olives, and crisp pepperoncini. It *wanted* to be a tasty combination, it really did. The idea is there but something is missing. (Suggestion: use actual brie and complementary cheeses instead of the sauce. It's a start.)The bright stars were the Thai chicken lettuce wraps, spicy and sweet and a great portion size. I only wished the chicken was chopped more; but the dish was fresh and bright and most delicious. The 2 pots of French press coffee we shared were fresh, aromatic, and done very well. Presentation was also done very well. ---I went back Sunday for a glass of wine during the farmer's market. Empty again, but the waitstaff was fabulous and the wine they helped us choose was perfect for what we said we wanted (i.e. flavor profile).Will I go back to eat? Maybe for happy hour with friends. The food and drink prices are good and the wines they have (at least at the moment) chosen for their specials are ultimately happy-hour drinkable, even for those of us who like to be picky about our wine. The food is what makes me hesitant, however, and this is a restaurant, after all.
2	The food was so-so and our service was slow. Also the music was so loud that I couldn't hear half of what my wife was saying. Now that's not a bad thing but when it was my turn to speak it was annoying. We won't be going back. There are many better places to dine.
3	This was our third time to this restaurant and the 3rd new owner. Based on how empty the place was I'm sure next time it will be the 4th owner. The daily seafood was lobster risotto and salmon. Its not 5 stars, but with real pieces of lobster it was well worth $19.Server was nice but sucked. When asked what is "this" (pointing), he said sauce. When asked what kind of bread came with a sandwich, he said it changes. Nice Guy but probably stoned. By the way the restaurant is beautiful.
4	Had dinner with my son tonight. All of our food was delicious! We had the shrimp cocktail, Cobb salad and The Works Burger. Burger was cooked as ordered and the wedge potatoes were crispy and perfect. I switched the bleu cheese dressing for red wine vinaigrette on the Cobb, which was really good. Our waiter was nice and knowledgable. My one and only complaint was the wine glass was spotty. We were the only table in the whole restaurant and the bartender had no time to shine glasses? Minor, I know, but for a restaurant of this quality the bar glasses should not have water spots all over them (in my opinion). Beautiful inside with lots of stone and woodwork. Lovely sculptures, too. Overall, had a great experience. I hope people start trying this place out!
2	Went for lunch. The place looks nice. It feels warm and contemporary with all the wood accents. The service was good. The food was bad. I ordered the lobster hoagie. The lobster salad was very salty and had a fishy taste. The texture was gummy. Not good. The hoagie roll was good, though. The potato wedges on the side are nothing you can't find in the frozen food section of your local grocery store.  For dessert I ordered the carrot cake cookie sandwiches. The carrot cake cookie was dry and lacked flavor. The cream filling was rock hard. I could tell the whole dessert had been wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for too long. The cookies had a plastic taste and were stuck together!  I've bought better cookie sandwiches at a convenience store. Thank goodness my friend had a groupon. The food was not worth the price. :(
3	I am often hesitant to critic a restaurant in its first six months, due to the hurdles that prevent itself upon opening. I arrived during happy hour on a sunday and the place was pretty empty, the bartender presented both menus for me and was very attentive, however there was only 5 people at the bar.I ordered the street tacos. They came in a set of three and were paired with lime wedges.  Excited, I expected some bite with these "spicy" tacos. Not so much, save the limes for shots.Next
4	Tried this place for the first time this evening.  No waiting, not crowded and guests continued to come in during our dinner.  Excellent French Dip and what appeared to be hand cut, baked french fries.  The vegetarian burger (black bean) was a delight to my partner.  Topped off with Bread and Butter pudding, this was a really nice experience.  We'll be back.
2	Took a girlfriend to lunch and was disappointed in the salad I ordered. The waiter gave it to us as the fish of the day, I should have asked the price, because when I got the check it was $19 (when most lunch entree's were $15) and it was a salad with 4 shrimp on it. REALLY!Besides my lettuce was swimming in a very spicy (for me) vinaigrette dressing and the 10 slices of kalamata olives-how do they charge $19. That was a rip off. My girlfriend has the lobster hoagie, it was just ok. The decor hasn't changed since White Chocolate left this location.
4	Just went in for happy hour. Had attentive service, very friendly.The Street Tacos are a definite pass. There isn't anything remarkable about them and completely forgettable.The Twisted Nachos were very good. The crispy wantons are of good quality, everything blends together well.Drinks are good, ambience is good. Got them to put on soccer on one of the TVs, no hassle. Definitely worth returning for Happy Hour and we're eager to try the full dinner.
4	The food was decent but as any new restaurant they are still working out a few kinks. I'll be back in a couple months to see if everything has worked out. The server was nice and friendly and dealt with our party of nine just fine. Three people didn't get their food due to a glitch but as soon as they realized the waiter was very apologetic and gave us some dessert on the house. They have a happy hour that goes till nine on Friday night which was awesome!
2	Let me just say, I was really pulling for this place. I wanted them to succeed. Opening a restaurant of this size in this economy is insane, and you've got to bring your A Game. Sadly, the Urban Grill fell short. Very short.The boyfriend and I went there for drinks and a bite. The drinks were a bottled beer and house wine, so there's not much you can mess up there. But we ordered a few appetizers as our meal, and it was not good. At all. The bartender recommended the nachos. I saw that it had meat (bonus) and brie (double bonus). However, they came on wontons, which threw me off. I ordered them any way. The wontons tasted like old oil, and the meat and cheese mess on top didn't have consistency or a distinctive flavor. The second appetizer was a fried, wrapped asparagus with some sort of hawaiian pork in it. They were obviously fried in the same oil, and that was all I could taste. Old fryer oil.The last appetizer, some sort of sweet and spicy chicken wings, were fried in...yep...you guessed it...the same oil. The sauce was decent, sweet with a little heat, but we couldn't get over the old oil taste.So, two stars for the booze and the decent service from the bartender (plus I felt bad because we were the only ones there at 5 p.m.).I really wanted to like you, Urban Grill. I really did.
3	This is a good place here in Vegas.  They menu is limited, but the food is very good.  They just started a Sunday Brunch which we happened to catch and they have some kinks to work out in getting organized for this, so for this review, I will say it was average.  I ordered eggs over medium and they were well done, the steak was overcooked as well.  The hash browns, looked like mine I make at home (this is NOT a compliment).  For the food they serve and what we have had in the past at this place, I expected a LOT better then what we received.Normally I would give this place 5 stars, but on this visit, 3 is pushing it.  Now, if they can get a better system in place for the Sunday Brunch and a better cook who does not over cook the food, then they will have a winning combination on Sunday's.I will give this place some time and try the Sunday Brunch again as like I said before, we have been to this place a few times since reopening and we do like the food and the experiences we had in the past and I believe this does deserve another chance.  Oh yes, if you like mimosa's and bloody mary's, during Sunday Brunch it is all you can drink for $10.00, so that alone should be an incentive to get you in if you like those drinks.  We would return and this is a place we would recommend so you can be the judge and jury to base your experience on return or not. For now, Sunday Brunch, one more chance will be given.
2	After driving past this place every day for the past few months, I finally convinced fellow Yelpers, Shewchuk and Jorge L. to give this place a chance for lunch today. After this visit, I'm not sure they'll be listening to my recommendations any more. There's nothing inherently "wrong" with this place, but there really isn't so much that is "right" either. You see, the staff are all extremely nice and attentive (expect your beverage to be filled at least 12 times) but the prices and the food quality kind of ruin the overall experience of dining here. Jorge and I ordered "The Works" burgers and Shewchuk ordered the Thai Beef salad. We were all satisfied with the portions, but there was much to be desired in the taste department. Shewchuk's salad looked, for lack of a better word, boring. Nothing was going on with the plate at all. It was literally iceberg lettuce with thick strips of steak layered on. The burgers were a weird combination of undercooked while also being charred and the ingredients just didn't flow well. The french fries matched the burger in that they were a little too crispy on the outside while being almost raw on the inside. The pickles were alright though.The funny thing about dining at this restaurant is that we all felt like food critics afterward. I eat with these guys almost every day and we never sit around and discuss what we ate. However, after eating here, we were fervently discussing what was wrong with our meal because we couldn't quite put a finger on it, it alluded all of us. I wouldn't necessarily say pass this place up, but I couldn't really recommend it to anyone looking for delicious food either.
2	To piggyback off Ryan B's review, there's nothing specifically wrong with this place in theory, but the food leaves much to be desired. Ordered "The Works" burger, which is a cheesburger with lettuce, tomato, sauteed onions, mushrooms, aoili and, oh yeah, bacon. Sounds like a winner, and while there's nothing particularly awful with the burger, it simply doesn't stand out at all. It just tasted like "food."I don't really like to over-think my burgers, but this one was simply so bland and average (crazy, when you consider the burger's ingredients) that it stood out in my mind all day.By the way, I actually forgot about the bacon while writing this review-- how the heck do you forget about something as amazing as BACON!? Seriously, this burger was memorably forgetable.The fries were relatively crisp on the outside, but a bit mushy and undercooked inside. Prices seem a bit high for the quantity when there are comporable lunch specials around town for a few bucks less.The service is fantastic and the staff is very attentive, and the ambiance is pretty cool, though I wish they'd have a bit more variety on the sound system. The food just needs some work. Of course, this is a new restaurant, so I'd be happy to give it a second chance in a few months as they tweak their recipes a bit.
2	This place has so much potential but was such a disappointment.The decor is nice. This place is huge with lots of seating and has a nice bar area with several flat screen TV's that don't distract from the overall atmosphere. The service was very good but I have to keep in mind that we were one of four tables in the whole place during what should have been a dinner rush on a Wed night.The food was where the disappointment came into play. The menu made things sound much better than they actually were.  The salads are decent but nothing to get too excited about, the kobe beer sliders were dry with no 'fixings', fish tacos were pretty good just really small.  This biggest disappointment was the wonton nachos. The menu says is comes with sausage and brie. We asked for no sausage and it ended up being fried wontons with cheddar melted on top. When we inquired about the brie we were told that the sausage was in the brie and that is why we got cheddar. Ummm... maybe you should have told us that when we ordered?? Not at all what we were expecting.We ordered some happy hour drinks and the pricing on the HH menu was different than the actual price.
2	Ryan B., Jorge L. and I eat lunch together at least 3 days a week and I have to say I'm not sure I'll be back to Urban Grill anytime soon. First of all for a place with the word "Urban" in it... all I can remember listening to there was Goo Goo Dolls and Matchbox 20 tracks.I digress...Those two guys had "The Works" burger so I decided to try the Thai Beef Salad. The moment my plate hit the table I wished I had ordered something else.The menu seems to have a good variety of options... the street tacos were a possibility, chicken lettuce wraps, I even considered the pulled pork sandwich... yet I opted for this terribly mediocre salad.The staff was super nice, the overall vibe of the place seems nice although I can't imagine there's ever more than 25 people in the building at any one time.If the prices were a little lower I'd be willing to try Urban Grill again. But if you want to put a $15 French Dip in front of me for lunch... I want to leave with a big belly and a bigger smile.
3	Nothing that sticks out in this restaurant. It's still like the old black pepper grill but with a new name. The happy hour for beer sucks to be honest, the mix drinks for the girlies is a good deal! The menu leans towards sandwiches, burgers and fries but they also have expensive entrees, they need to figure out the direction they want to go. Salmon was like $22/$24, portion and garnish is small. Received Salmon and risotto on a huge plate nothing else...needed a little more then that like a vegetable garnish at least for the price spent. However, it would be a good place to watch football on Sunday's, many tv's...
2	There are too many good places to eat within the same price range for me to give this place a second shot. The staff was friendly and smiley, all the things you expect your hostess and waiter to be when you walk into a restaurant. The decor is nice. There is a beautiful red sculpture in the middle of the dinning room that I really liked. The booths are comfortable with good spacing. You're not sitting on top of the people next to you. They also have a patio that looked nice and an outdoor fireplace. I would sit outside on my next visit except I won't be going back.The food was less than awesome. The soup of the day was a really good cream of mushroom. Good consistency, great flavor. The salad was iceberg lettuce with a few cucumber slices and tomato wedges. Pretty standard house salad, decent vinaigrette. From there we split a lobster hoagie  with arugula and paprika remoulade and the pan seared Pacific salmon with wild mushroom risotto. I substituted asparagus for the french fries that come standard with all the burgers/sandwiches. When the plate arrived in front of me, there were only 3 short, fat stalks on my plate which is a shame because I really love veggies.The risotto was the only other item worth mentioning or maybe it's just that I really like mushrooms. Anyway, the risotto was good, but not good enough to make up for everything that the other food lacked.The restrooms here are ridiculously small. The door to the stall opens inward so you literally have to step back between the toilet and the wall to pull the door back toward you. Seriously? I was wearing a skirt and the last thing I wanted was to accidentally touch my bare skin to the toilet bowl. The whole outing was not a terrible experience but there is no need for a repeat performance.
2	The name of this restaurant and proximity to a trendy area drew me in. I decided to give it a chance because I drive by it everyday and have Republic's menu memorized :) I was awkwardly seated by a hostess that didn't seem sure of where I should sit and she asked me several times if my table was okay. The waitress came out immediately, gave us the specials and asked for our drink order. It took 15 minutes to get my glass of wine and another 20 on top of that to get my lackluster appetizer of (2) deep fried risotto balls that tasted a lot like burnt popcorn and one hockey puck sized crab cake that was tasty, however certainly not adequate for the price and delay. Our entrees arrived about an hour after we arrived. I ordered the shrimp scampi, as reccomended by the waitress, and was surprised that they would serve something so garlicy, cold and runny. The best thing on my plate was the garlic bread. My companion ordered the rib eye which, based on its appearance was actually a New York strip. His cut was mostly fat, overcooked and underseasoned. His sides were 3 large burnt asparagus and a soup bowl of fried potatoes. The entire time we were eating, something was obviously burning in the open kitchen. I couln't wait to leave. My advice is to skip it. Maybe this really is just a doomed location.
2	*****Another one bites the dust! CLOSED*****Wow, where do I start? We walked in & the place is practically empty. They still managed to sit us by the kitchen & we had to ask to be moved by the bar. There we were greeted by a nice bartender & a girl was singing to her iPod & forgot what day it was. We ordered Salmon & Mushroom Risoto; Clam Chowder; Fish Tacos; Steak Salad. The Salmon wasn't bad & neither was the risoto. The Clam Chowder was not bad. The Fish Tacos were a little odorous & the Steak Salad Sucked!! For $13 the Salad had chewy, fatty meat & Iceberg Lettuce. Overall, the experience sucked and was over priced for what we had. We did meet the owner who was very nice & personable. This is the 3rd restaurant at this location & doesn't look to be the last.
3	I've eaten here about 4 times now and I've yet to have an experience worth more than 3 stars. The food is pretty forgettable, its not bad per say just nothing that wows you. The cobb salad is.... a cobb salad. The burger is a generic but good burger. Get my drift? No culinary delights, just decent tastes with decent portions.I noticed that they recently dropped their prices, maybe in response to the feedback here. From memory I think the burger used to cost $15 and it is now $10 or so. They are also running a pretty serious happy hour, its like 3-9pm (dont quote me on that), probably trying to drum up some business.The reason I always come here for business lunches is that it is always empty and the tables are comfy, making for easy conversation.
1	I got a coupon for this place through restaurants.com but before I had a chance to try it Urban Grill decided not to honor the coupons thankfully restaurants.com gave me a credit. But after reading the reviews on this place I'm glad I chose somewhere else!!
3	I have to say I have driven past this place several times and have never stopped in. My boss has even eaten here and said it was OK....but for some reason decided to give it a try this past Sunday. Not a whole lot of action going on at 2:30 in the afternoon. The food was good, but the service is why I'll go back again. Jessica was our server and she was patient and attentive and even went out of her way to make my kids happy! I am also in the industry and understand the importance of service. We will be back!
1	I have not eaten here.  I am posting this because I think it is just straight up BS that a restaurant opens in front of and then uses a similar name and ridiculously similar logo to a great place that has worked hard to get a name for itself: Republic Kitchen.  I was there when it was the White Chocolate Grill and I know it's comfy and nice inside, but don't patronize coat tail riders.  And no, I don't work for or have any affiliation with RK.  Just a loyal customer.
3	At 31 yrs old the place being "empty" is not a deterrent but a perk. A ton of choices in the area but I hate chains so BJ's was out of the running. I had the Korean BBQ beef ribs and the wife had the almond encrusted sea bass. The ribs were not bad but the sea bass was excellent. Also they have a girl sing every week I believe on Tuesday nights. I didn't notice her at first and just thought they had Portis Head playing in the background, wow she was good.
2	Food was hit or miss.  We ordered several different items off their happy our menu. Pork sliders were decent. Not sure if this place will make it only because us and another table were the only ones there for the 45 minutes we ate.
1	I went in here with a bunch of co-workers for lunch and ordered the pulled pork sandwich which came with a salad. The sandwich had a huge chunk of fat in it. I joke and call it a fat sandwich!! Instead of just not charging me for the meal these people actually separated the salad and charged me for a salad!!!!!! Unreal!!!!!!
2	RUN DONT WALK!!!!Drove past here daily for past year decided to stopin. First sign of trouble its 5pm and the place is completely empty. Second thing no host at the entrance stand. We wait at the stand for 5 mins u til a host comes over. We walk past the kitchen and all the chefs (all mexican guys) are standing around doing nothing but screwing around.We sit and a waiter takes our order. Then he goes home and another waiter takes over. Then he disappears and yet another waiter comes and takes our order for the third time! We ask the waiter about menu items and he doesn't know anything.Food was DISGUSTING! French fries tasted like fish!No wonder its empty. Horrible food and clueless staff!
4	Good food, great people, wonderfull service!
1	Our first time here~also our last. There was only 1 other table in the restaurant and our food took 45 minutes to come out. Our party of 6 was more than patient, but this was ridiculous considering 3 of the 6 were salads! The Korean BBQ ribs were $17 of fat and a scoop of rice. Horrible. The apricot "glaze"  pork chop was basically a pork chop with water on top. No glaze, no apricot flavor. The veggie burger and fries had (and I'm not kidding) 7 fries thrown on the side. 7. Really?! So we received another order of fries after we had to say something. All around, bad experience for all. We won't be back and hopefully the next restaurant this building becomes will be a success. This place doesn't stand a chance. OH! And how could I forget! The waitress says, "And by the way, for parties of 6 or more we can add automatic gratuity but I didn't do that because I know you'll take good care of me." REALLY?! That was just tacky. Never again.
2	I came here  for lunch. I was looking foward to going after reading the on-line menu and saw they had steamers. When we got there,there werent any steamers. They said they were bad and that the staff would be eating them!! 3 different servers took our drink order. Finally one server started to take our order but another server came over and made him leave the table. So we had to start over with him. Thought that was very rude. I got the chicken sandwich. The chicken was so small and over cooked. The fries were good tho. I wont be going back.
2	There is supposed to be dancing here on Fridays - but it doesn't start until 11pm. Although the music is pretty good, the dance floor is small and hardly anyone comes - so be sure to bring someone with you if you want company or someone to dance with.
2	See, this is exactly the reason why I love Yelp.  Reviews are spot-on and have always given great advice.  Unfortunately I didn't check the reviews on this "restaurant" before coming in.  It was a spur of the moment thing... went to go have dinner at BJs next door and noticed a flyer on Urban Grill saying they were broadcasting the Pacquiao-Bradley fight - for free!  Sold.  We went in, were seated promptly and advised they were going to do a raffle for a pair of seats to the fight at MGM, only catch is you have to buy a $20 5-beer bucket.  Sold again.  We didn't win the raffle.  Anyways, our beer arrived in a bucket of ice, two were cold and the other three felt like they were baking in the sun.  Who gives out hot beer?  That's just wrong.  We nursed the two cold ones until the other three were bearable to drink, didn't have an option anyways because 30 minutes passed before the server arose from the deep.  After ordering, our food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time (not by the server) and for the next 90 minutes our server was MIA.  The server decided to briefly stop by and see how things were, then disappeared for another 60 minutes.  The saving grace here was the food, which was good.  Not unbelievable, but pretty good.  We were entertained by the fight during this time so that kept us preoccupied from the absence of the server.  We absolutely will never visit this place again.  Obviously there's something wrong here that no one is addressing, and that's unfortunate because there is so much potential.
1	Has been renamed 95ten, same bad food and service
1	This place looks nice but don't let the decor fool you. A few friends and I tried this place out for happy hour since none of us had ever eaten here before. First off, the waitress tells us that the bar is reserved for a bigger party and so she would seat us in the dining area where we would still be able to order from the happy hour menu. She comes back and places the happy hour menu on our table (because that's what we had asked for) she takes our drink orders and after bringing them out, she says that her shift is over so another waiter would be taking over. While he's taking our food order, we are reading and pointing to the items that we wanted off the happy hour menu. (we ordered two orders of the chicken wings and the nachos) He comes back with our food and we were all discussing how the proportions weren't too bad for the prices. Later when we get the check, we find that the waiter had charged us for the regular, non-happy hour, portions for everything, along with the drinks. When we tried to ask him about it, he said that we weren't seated in a designated happy hour area. A couple of my friends had to get up and find the manager..although the manager was pretty nice about it, the waiter was just rude and uncooperative. The rest of our party saw him hiding behind the wall, while our friends had to complain about the check. He never came back out after that. Overall, their food isn't bad but definitely not worth the price. And the main reason we won't be back there is because of the horrible service. Shady and not at all apologetic.
1	Never!!!! The one star is very generous!!!
