5	So I was introduced to this station about 6 months ago by a fellow yelper who goes by Amy D... She has a wicked 8-10 spot on Tuesdays and I thoroughly enjoy listening to it on a weekly basis. Well, I was happened upon an opportunity... Nay! A priviledge of being a guest on this FABULOUS show and, being the attention whore that I have been labeled, I accepted.  I won't go into HOW I found myself being handed this prestigious title of KWSS Guest, but it involved a House of Clubs, Twitter, and a whole lot of begging (on my part)...There I was... in the presence of 100% pure, raw (Can't decide which word to use "Talent" or "Creativity") and in a pretty bad ass studio. The Fabulous Amy and I discussed all the important topics of the nation/world and stumbled on numerous great ideas. One being a cure for cancer! Okay, we didn't discover a cure per say... but we did briefly talk about it.The listeners were top notch and the atmosphere was professional, yet extremely comfortable. Plus, we actually got some free talent from a caller! He was awesome and sang me happy birthday.  It was sexy.Thanks for a great time, Amy and KWSS! You rock, alternatively!
5	Best college radio station Phoenix never got and the closest we'll ever get to KXCI in Tucson. Italian-language specialty shows, Beatles show, Democracy Now and other public affairs programs on the weekends... TMI weekday mornings with Beef Vegan and Shorty... Dani's Diner at lunch playing 70's/80's stuff... musically, it's akin the old KUKQ (before it was a sports station) and even plays Jonathan L's show from Berlin. All the great indie stuff you can't/won't ever hear on X103.9 (what a joke), you'll hear it on KWSS-LP - and it is "LP" (Low Power), which means stronger reception in Glendale, North Phoenix, Scottsdale, Fountain Hills, weaker reception in the East Valley - so, you'll need to listen from a smart phone app if you live Mesa or Glendale.
5	This is the only station I listen to throughout the day.Beef Vegan is great.The music is eclectic.You can request your favs using the online bot, so blame yourself if the music ain't rockin' ya.Dani's a goof, though...If I could give a 4.5 I would based on the tired old music Dani tends to throw up....but, I'd rather give the whole station the benefit of the doubt.
5	I'm listening.  New music and even great news in the early AM.  The morning show is good.  Thank you.  The Valley needed this.
