4	I've been here twice since it was renamed.  One time it was a five star experience, and the next it was more like three.  Interesting, since I ordered the same thing (teriyaki beef and tempura bento) both times!The first time, the beef in the bento ranked in the best beef anything I'd ever had.  The flavors were so savory and delicious, they blew my mind.  But the last time, it was clear that either the chef was having an off day, or that it was made by a different person entirely.  It tasted charred and strange.  While it wasn't awful, it certainly wasn't great.That said, their sushi was pretty good both times, same with the tempura.  The miso, though, demands special notice.  Both times I swooned.  It's savory and delicious, a tad salty, with fresh seaweed and scallion bits.  Usually miso has a bit of bonito powder in it, but no fishiness was detected here.  In that sense, it might not be as traditionally Japanese, but I don't care.  I can't stand fishy miso, and I love (love) their version.  Enough to go again.The service is good, the atmosphere is cute, and the prices are, well, maybe a tad high.  The waitress helpfully handed us a Clipper Magazine with a buy one entree, get one half price coupon on the back.  But  that was on our way out.  The full price of my gigantic, splittable bento was 20 dollars before tax and tip.  This place can do some damage if you're hungry.
5	Every time we have come here, the service has been excellent and the food has been so great!  The miso soup, sushi, and mochi ice cream (get red bean!) are our favorites.  If you want to get an entree, we really like the edamame here, as well as the gyoza (spelling?), which are Japanese dumplings - so good!  The staff have also been incredibly friendly and took the time to get to know us a litte better tonight.  Definitely come check it out!I'm giving it 5 stars because of how consistently good everything has been each time we come, and how friendly the staff are.
5	On sushi alone, i think this is a 4 star, but the extra star is for the fact that I can get kimchee and kalbi.  The flavored green teas and the red bean ice cream are great.  I had the udon noodles and a side of bulgogi, and that was very good as well.Service is fast and friendly.
4	I've passed by this place so many times thinking to myself: "Wow, that place looks so cute.  I'll have to go try it out. Later."  Luckily my husband knows this little town very well and suggested we actually go and try it out.  So glad we did.  It was really yummy, and turned out to be a great date.The sushi tasted really fresh.  The service was exceptional.  And added bonus: they also have Korean food!Pros: Great sushi.  Service was extremely attentive. Non sushi food tasted like delicious Americanized version of Korean food.Cons: wish the korean food tasted a little more Korean
5	i actually tried this place because of the reviews I read on here and I don't care what anyone says its awesome! We tried about 6 different sushi's and my hubby and I were very satisfied. I wish it weren't in the cut though because you will never find it. But its a cute little place and the employees are very friendly. They helped me pick some good sushi. Glad I found it and I will most definitely go back!
5	This is a favorite destination if I'm looking for good sushi in a quiet setting. The food is excellent, the service is superb, and their outdoor patio is fabulous!
4	We chose SS because Musashi was closed. We were very very pleased with the quality of food, flexibility and gracious hospitality of the waitress who must be a daughter of the owner. We arrived with two smal children who were clamoring for water even before we sat down. The waitress was non-plussed, brought water in covered cups w/straws provided us menus and then enable subsitutions for each one of us on the various combo bentos -- even suggesting to bring some steamed white rice for one boy to tide him over until the meal arrived.The sushi and tempura were both excellent: The diced Teriyaki chicken bits in the ento was full favored, edamame yummy, gyoza great.I would heartily recommend this restaurant as you can also enjoy great Korean dishes such as Kalbi beef and various kimchees.Excellent selection of sake and beer ---- Thanks again to our waitress who simply made our experience with good food outstanding... we shall return!
5	This establishment can cater to everyone and I encourage you to bring anyone.Simplee put:~The food selection is not only sushi, but korean and even shabu shabu on a 24 hour notice to the restaurant as well.~The food is not too greasy so you will not feel terrible after you eat your meal~The staff is willing to help clarify any questions and even help with a tough decision between a some dishes or rolls~The restaurant simplee feels peaceful yet modern with soothing music and comfortable seatingEvery time I go there I feel like everything is prepared the right way and of course that would be the way I want it!For those who have never tried this experience, I strongly encourage you to bring your hungry souls to a place where they can be satisfied.
4	I tried this place for the first time today and was charmed and satisfied! I am a sushi and hibachi lover and was looking for a new place to be a regular. I am SOLD on Simplee Sushi! The atmosphere is charming and warm. (The acoustics aren't so great, it was a little noisy). I'm pretty picky and i thought the sushi was well prepared and delicious.    I got a Cali roll, Alaska roll, and spider roll. (yummm!) My entree was teriyaki chicken and it was amazing- rice, flavorful cooked veggies, and of course the chicken. I ate the whole thing! The teriyaki  sauce was very rich and tasty, and seemed like it was made from scratch and not from a bottle. My only qualms are that the service, though friendly, was a bit slow. And the food was a bit pricey. But I did feel I got my money's worth. Needless to say I'll be going back soon!
4	We also stopped in because of the reviews and having a discount coupon.  Pleasantly surprised.  The staff was attentive and quick and the food fantastic!  The fried rice was the best we've ever had, and the Baltimore Roll was divine.  I tried the Shrimp & Scallop Hibachi, too, and had enough for leftovers!  We'll be back..with friends and/or family!
3	Our original plan for this evening was a romantic dinner outside of Charlotte. We'd settled for Harvest Grille over at Shelton Vineyards but the powers that be (my daughters) had other plans.Ultimately we drove around for about 30 minutes trying to figure out where to eat. Simplee Sushi came up, we were in the area, so there you go.I remember going to this place  years ago when it was called something else. It was still a Japanese restaurant but the layout was totally different. Anyway, doesn't matter, just a side story.When we first came in it took the waitress a good5 minutes to even notice us. It immediately rubbed me the wrong way until I realized that the establishment had only scheduled one waitress for the entire place. Granted, the place wasn't packed but it certainly was more than one waitress could handle. She finally noticed us, apologized and sat us down.The atmosphere was tranquil, very, very, very tranquil. To the point were both Becky and I, who don't sit still well, realized how uncomfortable we were because the ambient was so silent and slow. People sipping on white wine and eating slowly, speaking slowly and quietly. Not like a date-type quiet... just quiet. Even the muzak was playing some slow jazz of some sort. This sounds worse than I am making it out to be... Becky and I just sit still or silently well and we got restless.My first grip is their menu layout. It's just not intuitive. It looks kinda disorganized and it's not particularly appealing to the eye. I rarely will complaint about something so insignificant as the menu layout, but this one was remarkably confusing.Eventually we settled for some sushi and something called the Grill & Roll Combo which comes with TONS of food (http://quickitwebsite.com/files/w401-Grill%20&%20Roll%20Combo.pdf) for $30 (it's similar to what's in the link but it has more of everything and all three styles of meat). The price seemed fair as the food was a'plenty.First came our sparkling sake, delicious but a bit expensive. Then our sashimi (no complaints). The rest of the food took an extremely long time. Fortunately we were having fun with the sake and enjoying our quiet time (actually, just fidgeting and talking about how unsettling the silence was). Eventually the girl brought us the Miso Soup... with chopsticks. Eventually we had to flag down, whom I assumed, was either the owner or bus boy and he brought us spoons.About 10 minutes later our salads came out. Iceberg lettuce, three or four slivers of shaved carrot and watered down Thousand Islands dressing (I think that's what it was). The whole salad was very bland and the worse part of the meal.Another 10 minutes and our main course came out... 30 seconds after the main course came our appetizers, we had selected Shumai. The main course was just a couple of iron skillets with three types of meat,  Galbi (short ribs), Bulgogi  and Beef Teriyaki. The meat was ok but very disappointing. Flat and not the best cut. I could have deifnitely done better at home. The Shumai on the other hand were really good. The poor waitress was running around frantically the entire night. The poor thing had at least 7-10 tables to wait on. She kept forgetting things and added about 30 minutes to our entire experience. Can't blame her, she's not the owner.All in all not a bad experience, but also not a great one. The food was ok at best. More than likely will not be going back
3	I was really disappointed with my experience at Simplee Sushi. I saw all the Korean writing on the menu and thought I stumbled across a new Korean restaurant. So I ordered the spicy pork , spicy seafood and rice cakes and the kimchi fried rice. Not good by Korean standards. Rice cakes were undercooked and kimchi rice was oversaturated with soy sauce . . . not sure why soy sauce was even added in the first place. I bought the $20 for $40 coupon, but I think they still over charged me.
3	And I'm being too generous! Not ready for prime time, this place barely squeaked 3 stars thanks to the tiny waitress who was great..the food alone did not deserve even 2 1/2 stars. Yeah, well since I bought the coupon Yelp asked for my two cents, you got it!Decor: Austin Powers meets Ol' Charlotte. OK it's kind of funny. In order of arrival: -White Miso- tofu soup - very good, excellent ..then again it was a cold night.- House Sake. Not the ubiquitous Gekkeikan, lighter and not so sweet another plus.- Salad: a tasteless waste of time.- Gyoza the meat stuffing was good but those were the oiliest, greasiest dumplings I ever had. They left behind a film of oil that covered the whole dish- A sashimi plate that was represented as "20 pieces of sashimi on rice". The rice was primo, the selection of different sashimi and the freshness kicked ass ... BUT although some of the slices were almost normal sized, about 2/3 rds of the slices were nothing but shreds. How about 8 normal sized pieces of sashimi shredded into 20 slim ones? That would have been more honest.- Eel roll. Pretty good!-Spicy pork. Simply awful! Greasy, oily fajita plate that no self respecting Korean would touch with a ten foot pole.-White Tuna roll. Very good, very simple the goodness of the white tuna comes through- Spicy tuna roll. Lousy, I got better at Harris Teeter.   That was about $60 not including sake, tax or tip, about $90 overall. No  thanks., I don't need this type of "deal"
3	Honestly, my boyfriend would be a better reviewer since he LOVES sushi. But I will attempt to put his thoughts into my words here. I am allergic to fish so I could have very limited stuff here, but the California rolls were yummy. My boyfriend seemed to enjoy all his tuna rolls and the other sushi he had to a great extent.The server kept our glasses full and also encouraged us to have some dessert at the end to make up for the $40 for $20 coupon we got at Yelp which I think is remarkable honesty!
4	Simplee Sushi is completely underrated and I don't quite know why!  The people are ultra friendly (Grace, our server two times is adorable and excellent at recommendations.) and the dishes we've ordered were delicious and left us feeling full and happy. The location is tucked away and unassuming in a shopping center, but the decor inside is warm and comfortable.  What I really like the the somewhat random GREEN TEA BOOK on each table! A tiny book spelling out the benefits of each kind of green tea...why it fights cancer...etc.  It's illustrated with little cartoons and just downright cute. There are many different teas, and descriptions of each.  Our server knows which ones are nutty, which ones are more grassy, and was able to suggest teas based on our preferences.  Also, once our mugs grew cold, she automatically brought us more. The couple times we've been in, my husband and I ordered the meal set for 2, which costs $29.99 and includes miso soup, salad, THREE grilled meat dishes, white rice and shumai or gyoza.  By far this is the best value.  We subbed ramen noodles for the miso, and paid the difference. The noodles were nice and chewy, very simple but satisfying and hit the spot.  (Yay, one of two places I've found ramen in CLT!)  Overall, the meats were yummy (Kalbi, bulgogi and some kind of grilled chicken) and the set itself, while nothing over the top, was well done and tasty. What we really enjoyed was the sushi.  Definitely fresh and well composed.  I hate it when there's too much rice, or the pieces are too large and impossible to chew.  The Dream roll, which yes, is fried, was a guilty pleasure!  Shrimp and crab and yellowtail and masago and eel sauce and some kind of Kewpie based sauce...ohhhhh this was good!If you want a solid meal at a reasonable price, casual setting, Simplee is a good option in my book.
4	Recommend
3	First impressions are that this place is identical to the restaurant that was here before with the exception of the prices for nigiri being noticeably higher. Sweet tea apparently translates to unsweetened tea and add your own sugar.The salmon nigiri that I ordered looked nice but didn't melt in my mouth like pieces that I've had at other restaurants would. They do however have the best green tea ice cream that I have ever had anywhere!!! The third star is for the ice cream.
3	Great Sushi have to try the spicy tuna..I also tried the Fillet mignon steak & chicken and was a bit dissipointed. The chicken was a bit dry.. But after I asked for some teriyaki sauce... It was all god again...Over all I was impressed.. When I'm back in town I defently will be stopping back by to try somthing different...
5	Awesome food, great service! Tea was awesome! Nice atmosphere, decor and background music.. very impressed! Definitively going back.
3	First time I went here was a couple years ago and it was horrible!  The cooked food was all dried out and portions small, and over-priced.  Didn't go back because of that, until just recently to give them a second try.  The rolls were small but this time the fish was fresh.  Menu said Sashimi was 3 pieces, but I only got two.  So, much better this time, but nothing super impressive.  They use the cheap jarred ginger with food coloring added instead of the good stuff, like some other places in town. They use horseradish paste that's died green, instead of wasabi, but I'm noticing all the places around there are doing that too.  Also, I really don't like that all their rolls that say "crab" do NOT have any crab.  They use Pollock (a white fish) instead.. Lying to customers is NOT good!!  You couldn't get away with that back in California.  One great thing, this is the only place I've found so far with good Salmon roe (Ikura .. which is actually the Russian word for caviar stolen by Japanese spies).  It was wet and firm, not dried out an mushy like all the other places I've been to in Charlotte. Sushi is a bit over priced for what you get, but still an ok place.
4	We went for the lunch specials.  I had the spicy salmon (add $1 to make it spicy) and the crab and avocado.  My boyfriend had the sweet potato tempura and the crab and avocado.  All rolls were delicious!!  The rolls were a little smaller than we expected - we've been spoiled at Sushi 101, but everything was VERY fresh!   It is a great atmosphere, like the other reviews say.  We were a little nervous once we saw all of the 3 star ratings, but really enjoyed our lunch.  The server was fantastic, very very sweet girl.  We'll definitely be back to try the special rolls!oh!  But it is a little hard to find in the complex.  you have to turn at that Waffle House and go BEHIND the complex.  Tricky, but worth it.
5	Love the food and the family even more. Check out lunch bento box combos if you go. Also a huge green tea selection if you like that. Have yet to try dinner there, but looks like they have some good deals :)
5	Awesome place great food. Sushi was simply the best.
5	I love this place. My wife and I have tried over and over to find Korean food in Charlotte. Now that we've found Simplee Sushi, there's no need to look further. Really cute atmosphere, friendly and attentive waitstaff and excellent food. The Korean selections are our favorites, but we also like the sushi there too. The prices are really good too! I have yet to go there for lunch, but I shall. I definitely recommend Simplee Sushi :) A+++
5	- the right way of making shrimp tempura roll- Blooming Tea, if you're a fan of tea, it is a cool spectacle. You know the tea is ready with the flower blooms and the coloration is dark. Great drink to complement the desserts.- Triple Grill (marinated Korean beef, beef short ribs, spicy beef, salad, miso soup, choice of shrimp dumpling or pork dumpling) - yum! I am a creature of habit, and this is what I always order. - tiramisu was surprisingly good, along with the sorbet cake like thing - refreshing!Always and forever delicious!
4	My favorite sushi place in town.  It's not fancy but it's very comfortable and you get a decent amount of food for your money outside of just sushi.  The sushi itself is pretty consistent and fresh.
5	I've been eating at Simplee for years, and it is by far my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  The restaurant is located in a calm and secluded area, free of excessive traffic and noise that you would associate with most restaurants in the general area.  The food is great.  The sushi is excellent and the entrees are always prepared exactly to my liking.  My personal favorites are the Special Veggie Roll, the bulgogi, and the mochi rice cakes.  The kimchee is terrific, diverse, and always homemade.  I love the anticipation of receiving my kimchee to see if its cabbage, radish, kale, or something new.  As wonderful as the food is, it's the warm experience you'll have eating there that will bring you back time and again.  The Lee family are great.  Mr. Lee stoically mans the sushi bar with the focus of a master, but will occasionally crack a grin once he gets to know you.  Mrs. Lee is always busy preparing entrees, but always makes time to greet customers with a big smile.  You will more than likely be served by their daughter Grace, who is without a doubt a diminutive bundle of sunshine.  Miho and Nermin round out the cast, and are equally as friendly and helpful.   I highly recommend having your next meal at Simplee, regardless of the type of cuisine you're in the mood for!
5	As you can tell from my previous reviews, I rarely give out 5 stars, but my experience at this restaurant warrantied a 5 star review. I was stranded in Charlotte for the weekend due to the New England Blizzard of 2013. I guess if you are going to get stuck traveling, it's better to be stuck somewhere warm and dry then in the blizzard itself. Anyhow, I was hungry for sushi and was have a terrible time finding a sushi joint that was open. I literally drove around for about an hour with my Android Places finder, every restaurant I found was closed. Until of course I found Simplee Sushi.I missed the lunch rush and it was just me in the entire place, it was nice and quiet. I had the Kani salad which was just ok, a little too much cucumber and not enough crab. But the rest of the meal was just superb. I had tuna, Eel, and a spicy tuna roll. All were very fresh and delicious. But what made the visit that much better, the staff was fantastic. There was only one girl in the front, but she was very attentive and friendly. I guess it could be the fact I was the only one in the place, but it was excellent service. I am not sure, but I think it is a family owned place (father, mother, daughter). I just got the impression that service here was very important. I go to Charlotte a lot and even though this place is out of the way of where I go, I will be returning again very soon.
5	Simplee Sushi is hard to find but once you do it was certainly worth your time.  The food is fantastic! The servers were wonderful. The sushi was fresh . . . the fired rice out of this world.  Not too many things I can say that the others haven't already and I can't wait to go back again.
4	So my actual first time here was a bust, I came during the time they transitioned from lunch to dinner. No bueno!!! So tonight when my friends suggested this place I was really excited! I was REALLY impressed with my visit! We started off with the sashimi, agedashi and pear green tea. All were very delicious! the tea was very refreshing, and the pear flavor was not overwhelming. The sashimi was fresh and the presentation was beautiful! But my favorite was the agedashi! The tofu was perfectly breaded, and full of flavor and the sauce was to die it!!! I really, really liked it! For the meal, I chose the bento box with the tempura vegetables, miso soup, chicken teriyaki and California's roll. Yes...ALL of that!!! Yummy...where do I begin???The fried tempura vegetables were wonderful. The tempura breading was delicious. There were sweet potatoes, broccoli, onions and zucchini. Each bite was better than the last! Definitely recommend! The miso soup was good as well, it had good flavors. The chicken teriyaki was delicious! It came with mixed veggies and steamed rice. I really loved the sauce! And the California roll was amazing. So fresh and just good...don't know another way to say it! The entire meal was wonderful!!!I really enjoyed this place, and look forward to coming back!
2	We wanted to try this place for a while and finally made it, mm not so amazing as the reviews I have read , may be I'm a Japanese food snob because its in my blood ha, but I though it was just ok, not impressed by sushi, Korean food was good we had the triple grill and it was the best deal in the menu I also think the size of the Mix tempura was soo tiny, one little broccoli , one slice of zucchini , 2 small sweet potato and 3 shrimp, why not just give al least 2 of each so 2 can share??? Service was just ok, one server was alone and no one helping her , it was a week day and there where at least 5 tables, I was thirsty half of the time I was there , asked 3 times and finally got a drink :/ I feel bad for her but I needed a drink!!! Haha hope you all have a better experience!!
2	We went here on a Friday night at prime time, around 7:30 pm only to see four other tables in the restaurant. These were the only four tables that remained in the restaurant for the next couple of hours it took for us to finish our dining experience. Perhaps it would have been better if every single dish ordered by each person came out at the same time. Literally every item, cold or hot, sushi or hibachi came out separate from each other, leaving the other three to watch. Not just separate but with at least ten minutes surrounding the periods of waiting for the other dishes to come out. My sushi was mediocre at best. My boyfriend got a sashimi bowl with a giant piece of raw garlic (???) that took over and ruined the entire dish. I would love to see this restaurant do well, but that task is up to the kitchen staff and management to run a proper restaurant where patrons can eat together at the same time.
5	Their doors are closed and furnishings are gone.  No warning or anything.  They seem to have just packed up and left.  I'll miss them.
