4	What happens when hundreds of horny hardworking bees get together ....Honey. What is possibly the best use of honey? A magic alcoholic beverage which will turn you into a wise scholar.  Mead, Norse mythology tells us the poet Mead drank the wine and was suddenly the Einstein of his time. I was unaware of Mead but decided to have my first here at Apis.... In Carnegie of all places.  It's very neutral and inviting inside. A nice sit down environment to enjoy tingling your taste buds and chatting with friends. It looks restaurant like but only cheese and crackers are served so don't come looking for food.The wines range from 7% to 14% alcohol they can be a traditional flavoring which is a tad more bitter and dry. Or meads which are brewed for shorter periods may have fruit flavors or even grape added. I tried the blackberry-raspberry mead and apricot peach. I was looking to stick with lower alcohol content. Both were light and delicious. But I taste tested the dryer meads and they reminded more of champagnes and whit dry wines. Still nice but a different feel on the tongue. You can buy by the bottle glass, or after doing my research drop in and have bottles filled. The owner was a penn brewery employee branching off and doing this now. So great to see this addition. Pricing was decent, honestly not anymore then you'd be paying for a half glass of box wine or cheap bottle wine at a restaurant. It all depends what kind of experience you're up for. I prefer new local flavor myself. Cider lovers take note mead is up your alley... Craft beer lovers branch out try some mead.
5	How exciting! Brand new on the main drag of Carnegie, Apis Mead and Winery brings an old art form to Pittsburghers. I'm not much of a connoisseur when it comes to Mead, but owner Dave Cerminara has made it very accessible to the average joe. Delightfully full of flavors, the six different types he had were all made available to us for tasting. There's everything from the light and refreshing summer taste of Peach Apricot to the bold Sangiovese Dorsata, which has a more powerful and rich flavor. Dave is so sincere and ready to share the process of starting this business and the fine art of mead-making. We had a lovely time just chatting. I love the aesthetic of this location, too. They have mixed rustic and contemporary to make the space warm and inviting. Plenty of places to sit and relax, and you are encouraged to bring your own food to enjoy! If you find yourself hungry and without food, Apis is located within footsteps of plenty of local fare. Rock on, Pittsburgh!
5	If you enjoy wine or craft beer, you must try mead!  It's a classy and delicious way to enjoy your alcohol and get buzzed, and Apis Mead is a great place to imbibe it.  The ambiance is classy, service is friendly, and the mead is delicious!Before I came here, I'd never tried mead before, but now I'm totally hooked.  In order to try as many flavors and versions as possible, I ordered the sampler, which I'd recommend to anyone unfamiliar with mead.  It came with six types of mead, ordered by alcohol content/strength: Peach apricot, melliflora, blackberry-raspberry, tangerine-ginger, blueberry-chai, and cranberry.  Quite frankly, I found all of them delicious, to the point that I had difficulty deciding which one was my favorite!  My friends, who came with me, ordered samplers of the remaining types of mead not included in the sampler (florea, dorsata, and sangiovese), and I ended up liking the dorsata best, which I never would have guessed!  It was complex--both dry and semi-sweet at once, with a distinct honey-like flavor that I loved.  My other favorites were the florea and blackberry-raspberry, so if I return (which I'm sure I will), I'll be sure to order a bottle of one of those next time!Just to be clear, the flavored meads were each based on one of the basic meads (florea, melliflora, or dorsata).  In my opinion, the melliflora was the least distinctive (it tasted like a standard chardonnay to me), which surprised me, since I thought this was the version I'd like best.  Having said that, I think the flavors added to this version the most, since the flavored meads based on it were my favorites.Aside from the mead itself, I was very favorably impressed with the service and ambience.  Since we came relatively early, we called ahead and asked if we could bring in some food (so we had something to absorb the alcohol), and the owner, Dave, said it was fine, since they don't offer any food aside from cheese and crackers.  So, we hit up Don-Don Chinese next door, and enjoyed some General Tso's chicken with our mead.I'd highly recommend Apis Mead to anyone who hasn't tried mead before, as well as to seasoned mead aficionados.  Based on my experience, I'm sure I'll be back soon--I'm hooked!
5	Great place!  Tried three different MEADs all delicious!   Really great atmosphere, owner a pleasure to talk to and totally friendly!  Felt welcomed right away and if I lived in Carnegie, this would be my nightly stop!  You need to try this place... you will be hooked!
5	What a great place to meet friends for drinks! If you're not familiar with mead, try the flight to figure out what you like best.
