4	So good to see Barouf re-opened. The layout is totally different but is still a great spot to stop on St.Denis for some drinks and people watch through the open air front. Our bartender (owner/manager??) was super nice and accommodating. Try a Bloody Caesar if you never have and like Bloody Mary's.
4	my companion and i liked this place so much, we went twice! efficient and attractive staff (which shouldn't mean anything but just wanted to put that out there) and decent prices. great for people watching. also, great location for going to other fun places.
4	Great selection of beer, cheap prices. In addition to those two tidbits that already make the place 4 star, the location is prime and the giant window and open concept make it a great place to chill and people watch.If you want a nice relaxing pint, summer or winter, Barouf is a good place to check out. The music is low enough you can even keep a conversation!
4	Nice open plan, spacious bar, comfortable seating, a great place to bring a group for drinks, who will enjoy the large native brew selection.  Never mind the name that brings to mind someone violently upchucking ( which is possible of course, but not likely as you'd be deathly embarrassed to do it in such a nice place.)
3	Relaxing, chilled out, decent prices, great location, what more could you want?People watching for sure, lots of tables and booths, good ambience, a breather on st.dennis. Music on friday was awesome from a nostalgia perspective- 1940's to 1980's hits. I almost missed my parents. Different vibe all together.
3	Nice bar. Great location. It's a very interesting space with high ceilings. It's a cool place to meet up with people just before going out for dinner.
4	Really enjoyed the beer selection here. needed to try a few of the french Canadian beers from the region. So I ordered the Griffin a light blonde beer. Next in line the blonde Trembley a light delicious beer, very refreshing. Bar Barouf offers many types of beers, and the service and prices are very reasonable. Thwe day we came here they had a pretty good happy hour. Two beers for the price of one. And they bring thme out seperately. So both beers are served cold in an iced glass.
4	Great location.  We went there as a group of 10, which isn't often easy to serve, but the staff were on it and helped us open up space by moving tables and working with us to take over space as it became available.Very attentive service coupled with very strong drink pours, and they were more than capable of handling some of our crew who were sure they were ever so clever. Beware the pretzels by the stairs will run out early in the night, but while they're there, do be sure to help yourself to them for the benefit of the longevity of your drinking endeavours that night.
5	Cool bar on St-Denis. Very relax and good for small groups. There is a grand piano in the middle but I don't recall seeing a band there. Music is rock, classic rock... no dance music. Had good times there.
3	Stopped in here for a drink for no other reason than it happened to be a decent looking bar on a Saturday night in the Plateau. Service is fine, the atmosphere is nice - almost patio-like, even thought you are indoors. I can see this being a good regular watering hole for locals. The do focus mostly on beer, but offer other items as well; just note that your choices of wine etc will be more limited.
4	Back when this bar was being (re)built I would walk by and think "that's going to be one chill establishment", seeing all the natural wood going into the place.  And several visits later, I can confirm my hypothesis: this is one chill place!  L'Barouf is pretty much the perfect place for a relaxed 5a7 or a weekend afternoon beer.  The combination of natural wood, lots of plants, the high ceiling coupled with cosy booths, and lots and lots of beers of tap just make it excellent.  There's a nice balance of both local and imported beers, so there's something for just about any beer drinker.  The self serve pretzles are a nice touch too.
5	Perfectly situated in the Plateau, this is a popular establishment for a good reason: great service and great drinks. It's lively but not too loud, the lighting is dim but perfect for a more loungy atmosphere, yet energized. Always something interesting happens whenever we go there. Christine the bartender is super awesome!
