3	My buddy and I go there almost every weekend. Although they don't have the best sushi in town, they are of pretty good value. Sometimes when we have a huge group, they stop serving us for a while. That's when we figured we've been there too many times.
4	Great place for all-you-can-eat sushi. $13.99 lunch, quick and friendly service, and yummy sushi. No complaints! Sushi places only get five stars from me if their sushi is orgasmic, a spot which Ye's couldn't quite reach. Almost there.
4	Best sushi joint in KW as far as I'm concerned. A while back they cut a lot of great things off their lunch menu lke their spicy Ichiban crab roll. But, recently they have brought many of these back to the lunch menu and then some. Service leaves something to be desired, and it seems you may not always get everything you order (either they forget, or misjudge your ability to finish what you start). Overall a great place and a regular haunt for me.
3	I used to go to school in Waterloo, so I've had my fair share of all you can eat sushi at Ye's. The service is terrible, they don't speak very much English, and they continue to raise the prices year after year. But somehow my friends and I always end up here. They are pretty much the only consistently good all you can eat sushi place in Kitchener Waterloo area. The rolls here are generally very well made. They're not loaded up on rice, and everything is held up tightly. You can't go wrong ordering anything with the spicy sauce (I have yet to find a place in Toronto that uses the same spicy sauce), like the spicy crispy salmon hand rolls. I would definitely recommend trying the spider roll also, despite the fact that sometimes it comes with a little too much mayo. I guess just pray your chef uses a light hand that day. The taro chips are a good order too. They are just thinly sliced, crispy deep fried pieces of taro and a ton of seasoning. Simple but so addictive!I recently found out they have loyalty cards here now (kind of like eat 9 times, get 1 free). I sure wish they had that back in the day when I was there!
4	If you are looking for good service, this place is definitely NOT for you This is also not the place for picky eaters who want their sushi to be a work of art from every perspective. However, if you crave for sushi from time to time but you don't want to spend a whole a lot on it, this is the place for you.I've been there for many times (10+ over 4 years) and I think the quality of Ye's is generally decent while the service is consistently bad. It has a pretty big selection for all-you-can-eat. The sushi and sashimi are usually fresh. I love the spicy salmon sushi and hand handrolls, and the white/red tuna sashimi is good too. If you are not a big fan of raw fish, there's a big non-sushi bar menu that you can choose from (caution, your friends may laugh at you for ordering fried rice at a sushi place)As for the service, first you'd need to write down your orders (with item number and quantity), and then the server will take your order and bring food back to you. However it happens all the time that they somehow mess up your order in some way(missing order, serving you a bit less/more than you ordered). If you bring it up to the server they always fix it, but it's just annoying how often it happens. On the plus side, only a 10% gratuity is charged. The price is great. 13.99 for lunch and around 20 for dinner (I think). Ye's is also a good place for large groups, just don't expect much for the service.
2	The sushi here is pretty mediocre. Its an all you can eat sushi place for newcomers of sushi and aren't too picky. They have a pretty good selection and the bonus is that they have mango in some of their choices. However the mango is sour and crunchy, not the asian kind.The service is pretty bad and they don't speak very much english. So coming here with a chinese speaker would be your best bet.If you're looking for all you can eat sushi in Waterloo you're better off going to Sushi 99
2	Great value for the price. Good selection, but questionable quality as some of the pieces of fish were obviously previously frozen...and service IS TERRIBLE. Three separate times they screwed up my order, when they take my order. This is all you can eat but within a 90 minute timeframe; you write your order down on a form, but the servers are either blind or pretend to not notice your order on the table. If you want a cheap sushi fix, this is a good place, only if you can tolerate the pathetic service staff.
4	This place has actually gotten better since when I first started going 2 years ago. The wait staff is a bit more attentive and friendly, and the sushi is good considering it's all-you-can-eat.
4	Great all you can eat sushi place in KW. It's on par with a place I like to go called Aji Sai in Toronto. The sushi here is probably the best part, while the kitchen stuff isn't so great. (Aji Sai has better kitchen options) It's not the best sushi you are ever going to eat... but anyone going to an all you can eat place, and is expecting top quality has got their expectations out of whack. I have always felt satisfied after leaving here.
4	Good sushi for a reasonable price
4	Love this place. Amazing food but the price is a little high... Has a lot of selections too
3	Service:Walking in we were greeted kindly. The first 15 minutes it was hard to get served, there seemed to be a shortage of waitresses for the amount of people there were. The waitresses are on and off: some are polite, kind and will smile at you, while others don't even look at or talk to you.Food:Small portion sizes. Sashimi was cut in fairly decent sizes. Their red snapper seemed like it was still thawing. Some of the maki fell apart really easily.  Otherwise I'd give the rolls 6.5/10.
4	Not the best sushi in town, but they have a large menu with a lot of selection
3	Out of my 4 years in university, the first 2 years at this place were really good, but then again I had no other ayce sushi place to compare to. When 99 opened up, you can tell that the fish was better there. Around 3rd year and 4th year thats when there quality totally went down and a lot of people were complaining about food poisoning. Hopefully they pick it up so they dont shut down.
2	I used to enjoy this place a lot, but it all went down hill after the renovations.If you are going to go here, definitely DO NOT GO here when it's slow  / empty.  The food gets cold, the sushi doesn't taste very good, and it's just awful. The service is good though.My friend went here on a Friday evening, and said that the sushi was good.I think it depends on how busy the night is.I won't be returning anymore, sadly.
