3	As far as cheap hotels go this one is a bit of a find. While the buildings are relatively old, the place is a bit set back from Dobson Road and also away from HWY 60. They even let you open the windows. This makes for decent sleeping conditions with relatively fresh air and low noise (at least until ~5:30am). Our bathroom showed the usual moldy caulking and shoddy plumbing. The shower curtain bar was installed to high, which resulted in the curtain being a bit too short. A creative 'interior decorator' then had the glorious idea to implement magnetic beads at the bottom of the curtain (this is a first for me!), which allowed to keep the curtain safely inside the tub despite the only 1 inch overlap-cudos to that smartypants solution! The kitchenette was o.k. and the fridge relatively ungrimy. Web access was flawless ($5 for the entire stay)With regard to the location, this place has several advantages: The neighborhood seems to be decent. It is also close to a Trader Joe's, a Whole Foods, Arizona State University, Old Scottsdale, and many interesting hiking trails in Tonto National Forest. It is also only about 20 min from the airport (if traffic is flowing).In summary, this place is perfect for vacationers with a sense for value.PS.: In the same parking lot there are also a decent Starbucks and a Jamba Juice outlet, useful for breakfast or a quick refresher after a long hike!
1	I did not like this place at all.  My girlfriend found some decent reviews, so we decided to stay there.  I don't know what their normal rates are, but we were there during Cubs spring training, and the rooms were $80/night.  For that price, I was expecting something close to the level of a Best Western.  Doh...Don't be fooled by the "Studios Suites" in the name.  Sure, is had a tiny kitchenette, but there wasn't anything "sweet" about the room.  The carpet must have just been steam-cleaned before we got there because it was soaking wet.  The place seemed pretty old and the decor was drabby.  I didn't really want to touch anything in there, let alone sleep in the bed.  Not to mention that the volume on the TV wouldn't go down past a certain level, so we had to wrap a towel around the speakers.I would not stay there again.
1	Wow, I never would have expected a hotel this dirty and unsanitary. I am not one to be picky when getting a cheap hotel, but holy smokes was this place nasty. The shower was clogged, the bathroom had hair all over it by the bunches, the kitchen was not cleaned, the bed had stains all over it. The television didn't get every channel and the homeless people didn't help. I'm just stunned at such filth. Please do follow my advice and avoid this dump. It was straight out of a movie
1	One star is one too many! Disgusting and gross. Low life hang out:/
3	Sometimes you just want--no, need--to lay your head down. To rest. When that moment finally hits you when you realize what's important and what's not and you just want to stop all the labor and fight from the day, it's less about your surroundings and more about just letting go.That's the attitude to take into Homestead. Because you really can't hope for the un-hopeable here. You can't expect the unexpectable (though perhaps the unexpected). You just have to go in with realistic expectations.The room I had was reportedly non-smoking, but long ago someone had made their own rule. And by made their own rule, I mean removed the smoke detector and smoked in there. And the closet doors had been removed. Other than that, it was about what you'd expect. The room in pretty small, quite outdated, and the fridge is small. There's a two-burner stove. Two bar stools. And a small bathroom, shampoo not included.For me, this was respite. It was affordable respite. I was able to let go. Forget about the surroundings, and just kinda be. Whatever happens, happens. Crazy neighbors, whatever. There's a time to worry about that, and if you're at the Homestead, that time is over.Big ups to Alyx at the front desk for being on the ball. Young guy, but a pro.
2	No sir. Look somewhere else. Look for another place to lay your pretty head tonight (or whichever night). Do not book here. If you played the Hotwire.com lottery, and, got this place -- you got fucked. That is my story. Hotwire: sometimes you want to find whoever conceived the idea and hug them nice and tight, give them kisses on the cheek. Other times, like this, you want to hold them by the throat with your dominant hand and slap them with your non-dominant until you feel that justice has been served. The bathroom is -- there are no words for it really -- it is so dirty you do not want to wash yourself there. It is dirtier than any hostel (save for one) shower that I have ever been in contact with. I mean, that black moldy grime in the grout, it .... That cannot be healthy. It is not a recent feature either; it has been like that for years, at least. A decade? Clean the fucking showers you assholes! You take bleach and dilute it with water (although here, it might require industrial-grade chemicals) and, ... ah, forget it. Fuck. Hotwire: why do you do this? This is a fucking one-star property for hotel ratings, not your preposterous two or two and a half or three or three and a half or whatever you assigned it! I have had this happen twice with Hotwire so far (luckily that is a small percentage), and, it makes me never want to be within fifty kilometres of a one star "Hotwire Hot Rate" motel because I cannot fathom how unpalatable it must be. Maybe one stars are like the thirteen floor in buildings; just supposedly not there. Unassigned. There was this guy arguing with the front desk employee when we checked out. Did not look pretty or sound like it was going to end well. There is no front desk personnel there at night so if one is checking in late, there is a number posted outside the door that one calls to get them down. Check in starts at 3PM; check out is at 11AM. Wi-Fi is free (albeit slow), and, the free breakfast is not an actual breakfast but some old, more-than-likely expired, muffins in a basket and coffee. There is a discount for The Good Egg, next door, if one shows them the room key (most positive aspect of having a room key for this property). Parking is free and there are washers and dryers that you can pay to operate. Pet-friendly, apparently. The bed is a bed so it is a smidgen better than sleeping on a fucking sidewalk, I suppose*. - EFootnote: *Last night, on the strip, I did see three different people sleeping on sidewalks, and they looked fairly content with themselves and their living arrangements.
