4	I'm a little bit country. I'm a little bit rock n roll...thank you Donny and Marie. Pinnacle Peak General Store is all country baby. 100% U.S. grade countrilicous! Well, ok, it's in North Scottsdale so it's got a pretty yuppified clientele. Part gas station, convienence store, cafe and post office....this is the cutest place ever. Was kinda my morning hang when I lived at DCRanch. Cup o joe, and the #1 Breakfast with 1 pancake, 2 eggs and bacon. I'm tellin' ya...it's good. Hard to screw up bacon and eggs so I'll rave about my pcake...a bit crispy around the edges and full of buttermilk flavor. Syrup is heated just right and comes in a squeeze bottle the waitress pulls out of her apron pocket. Is that a squeeze bottle of syrup in your apron or are you just happy to see me? Coffee is sturdy and aromatic...like my lesbian cousin Rita. I haven't eaten off the lunch menu...to me it's all about breakfast. My friends have ordered and enjoyed canteloupe with cottage cheese and some kind of omelette which escapes me now, cuz, frankly, I'm not a big fan of the omelette. Childhood trauma and I can't go into it now. The funniest thing about this place are the copper pots and other bric a brac hanging from the rafters that are all for sale. Some of the pots are like $100! OMG....They also have a gas pump that's like $5,000...I guess that's where North Scottsdale meets the country general store. So hitch up the wagon and skeedaddle on up to the Pinnacle Peak General Store. Tell 'em Thomas sent ya
4	On our quest for another good breakfast place up North, we went to the Pinnacle Peak General Store early on Sunday morning.  Although I'd been a couple of times before, I needed this one more visit before writing my review... and now I know - Pinnacle Peak General Store is all about consistency.  After eating at both the counter and at the table, I know you cannot go wrong.  Service is attentive and sincere.  Your water and coffee will stay filled, and your food will come quickly.  Don't expect the menu to blow you away; it's pretty straightforward stuff.  On Sunday, I had a spinach, mushroom, and cheese omelet with toast and fresh sliced tomatoes.  (I requested just egg whites and that was no problem).  It was much better than I would've made at home, but nothing too special either... As Thomas said in his review, the gas station / convenience store / cafe / post office combined in one location give this place character... it's adorable and different than the breakfast places you've seen in strip malls and the chains like The Good Egg, Pancake House, etc.  When we were there on Sunday, they had a fire in the fireplace... it felt cozy and inviting.I'll be back to the Pinnacle Peak General Store when I'm looking for a laid back meal and/or I have a few items to pick up.  We were full from breakfast on Sunday and feeling lazy so we picked up a few things (IE toilet paper) on our way out... no need to make another stop when you've got the General Store!  They've got it all!
4	I love the General store for breakfast.  I love the comfy cozy atmosphere, the friendly service, the generous portions, and the consistently good food.My son's regular standby is the Mickey pancake with sausage.  It's a HUGE pancake for a little dude, so I usually polish off 1/3 of it.  It's fluffy pancake goodness.  And the warm syrup.  Yum.My regular standby is the veggie omelet.  It's just a simple, well-done omelet.  Nothing crazy, just some down home yumminess.  I've also had the corned beef hash and eggs.  That's some food coma material right there.We usually go when it's not too busy.  I've heard it can get crowded.  No matter what time we go, we always have breakfast.  I love breakfast.  I've never had lunch there.  I keep telling myself I'll try lunch next time, but next time comes and my veggie omelet calls.
3	Craving my usual veggie omelet and having just received a coupon in the mail, we went to Pinnacle Peak General Store for breakfast yesterday.I've been here 10 or 15 times and this was the worst.I ordered a veggie omelet for myself and my son had his usual Mickey pancake.  His breakfast arrived perfectly, as usual.  My omelet was AWFUL.  It wasn't cooked through AT ALL.  My eggs were cooked, but the spinach was still crunchy, the mushrooms raw, and the onions raw.  It was terrible.  My hash browns were raw.  RAW.  I'm not sure how that could've even gotten on a plate to serve to a guest.  My server was busy and she probably didn't look at the plate.  Because if she had, she'd have seen that the hash browns were visibly RAW.I only took one star off because the service was still fine.  I told my server and she seemed apologetic (although she never actually expressed it).  It wasn't her fault, though, so I wasn't upset with her.  She brought me some pancakes instead and they were perfect.We'll continue to go to the General Store, but I'm not ever going to order an omelet again.
5	Best breakfast in town for quick & easy! I love the hash brown potatoes and the Ruben on rye is really good for lunch. Never ben disappointed. Food is always served fast and fresh.You can also take your dog there and sit outside. They will bring your dog water and you can order a meal menu item if your dog eats human food.Hey, breakfast with your best friend, can't get much better than that!
4	I've been here a few times for breakfast. The service and food are consistenly good. I usually order the blueberry pancakes which are very filling and delicious. The Denver Omlettes are great as well, although their hash browns are not the greatest, stick to the country potatoes. This place has your typical breakfast fare and is extremely crowded on the weekends.This place is a hidden gem where you don't really hear anybody talk about. Definitely blows away the Denny's and IHOPs of the world.
4	If it's a nice AZ morning/afternoon, head on over for some decent breakfast and kick back on the patio in this cute cobblestone courtyard and relax in the sun (or shade) by the fountain.  I've been coming to this place since I was a child.  WARNING!!!! Just don't sit inside!!! The atmosphere is pretty horrific! tchotchkes and red/white checkerboard tablecloths....I can hear the shower scene music from the movie psycho as we speak!  SCARRRRY!  They do have some interesting things inside, but I'd rather not look at it while I'm eating.  The scenery outside is much better.It is very laid back and everyone is super nice.  The eggs benedict are yummy! Great place to grab a bite after your'e done hiking Pinnacle Peak!
4	This is my favorite breakfast/brunch place in the area. You can sit inside and look at all the knickknacks, or sit outside if the weather is nice and enjoy the views in the courtyard.  We have been coming here for several years and portions sizes are large and moderately priced!
4	After hiking the Pinnacle Peak trail, my friends and I stopped in here on a Sunday for breakfast.  The weather was great and the patio was the place to be.I had the corned beef hash with a couple eggs and hash browns.  The service was a little slow but the food tasted great when it finally arrived.
4	I love coming here for breakfast/brunch, especially since they serve it until 2pm. I used to go once a week when I lived in Scottsdale but now I make sure I go at least once whenever I visit. Steak and eggs can be hit or miss (the steak)...I usually get the french toast special, trust me, a half order is more than enough! its 4thick slices...,I get two eggs over medium with it and hashbrowns extra crispy to replace the meat. This is a lot of food for less than $10. Amazing.
3	This will be for me, uncharacteristically, a short review. There's not much to say about the Pinnacle Peak General Store. It is a solid place for breakfast/brunch. Nothing fancy, nothing awful, nothing great. For example, we had biscuits and gravy with eggs today; the gravy was the best part, full of sausage, but it was not seasoned really. The biscuits were a little on the heavy and dry side, but they tasted OK. Eggs are eggs, what can I say. They were cooked properly to the way we ordered them, which was a positive thing.Service was fine---quick and fast and fairly friendly, no complaints from us.We sat inside, which was somewhat noisy and pretty packed, but it was not uncomfortably loud. We gazed in wonder at the cheesy antiques and had pleasant conversation while waiting for our food. It was a 3 star experience all around, a solid  way to start the day.
4	If you're in the area this is a must stop spot for breakfast or lunch. Located in an adorable courtyard you feel transported to another place. They have indoor tables mixed amongst an eclectic mix of decor and great patio which is where you should sit if it's not to hot.I enjoyed the eggs & french toast and my friend had the eggs & pancake. With coffee breakfast will run you $10. It's a great deal. Oh, and they serve hot syrup- so good.
5	Best place to have breakfast or lunch on the patio if you have dogs!  Super dog friendly, they'll bring fido a water bowl and welcome you all!  Food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs.  Plenty of shade and beautiful atmosphere on the patio.
4	I had to meet a client on Saturday morning at 9 am (and was not happy about it), but I turned a negative into a positive by meeting  my friend here for breakfast at 9:30.  Such a cute little place with tons of stuff to look at, it definitely is not boring at the General Store!  They serve down home country favorites, the perfect breakfast foods if you ask me!  I had the Belgian waffles with scrambled eggs and bacon.  The waffle was good, but it could have been better if they let it cook a few more minutes to get it crispy on the outside, but the eggs were perfect and the bacon was amazing!  It was nice and crispy and the slices were thick, the best of both worlds!I am not in this area often around breakfast, but if I do happen to find myself up this direction again, I would not hesitate to head over to the General Store!
5	How is it that I did not know about this place in the almost eight years I've lived here in Scottsdale? After we dropped our dogs off at 7 Dogs Grooming, we walked across the courtyard and saw how busy this place is . . . we just had to try it out! First of all, let's just talk about its concept -- part breakfast and lunch restaurant, part general store/convenience store, part post office -- a true throwback to the western days of yore. You can dine inside or out . . . inside is dark and homey . . . outside is the place to be in the often gorgeous Scottsdale weather. We opted for outside even though there was a little bit of a wait. I was totally surprised when they handed me a buzzer to let me know when our table was ready. (Oh how I wish every restaurant would do this!)  The hostess was so friendly and accommodating . . . made us feel like family right from the get-go!  The outside patio is uber dog friendly, and I am sure we will be bringing our fur-kids with us next time. The tables are also large and the seats comfortable (nothing too skimpy like some outdoor patios). And the courtyard is so lovely with fountains and plants. Once we were seated, our waitress took our beverage order -- coffee came in a carafe (something else I wish every restaurant would do except fine dining!) -- and it was good and hot! We both ordered the three-egg omelets . . . hubby had the meat and I had the spinach. Both came with choice of home fries or hash browns and choice of toast (or tomatoes). The waitress recommended the hash browns over the home fries, so we took her advice.  Per my usual, I ordered my omelet done on the soft side. When our waitress brought it out, she exclaimed, "that doesn't look like soft to me; let me take it back and have it done again. It'll just be a few minutes!"  What a doll!  That is exceptional service! Most servers would set it down and not bother unless I said something. When she returned, just a few minutes later, I had the perfect omelet! I also asked for my hash browns well, and that's exactly what I got!  Hubby enjoyed his omelet, but thought there wasn't enough meat . . . I saw what it looked like and it was packed with plenty of meat!  I thought the portion sizes were just enough and the value excellent!I love this place!  We'll be back again and again! (No more driving double miles to get to Chompie's for an omelet!)
3	Good little country restaurant. A Cracker Barrel before Cracker Barrel.
2	This place was ok for breakfast, but it has so much more potential than what it is.  The food was ok, just average, similar to what you would get at a diner.  I had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast.  My husband had the huevos rancheros, and said it was "adequate".  Waitstaff is very friendly and service is quick and efficient.  We ate outside in the lovely courtyard.  Something i have seen at several outside restaurants lately is birds that walk on your table and won't leave you alone.  This was the case here as well.  Getting back to the potential--the courtyard made me feel like I was in old Mexico but felt somewhat shabby.  Mature bougainvillea climbing the columns, much of it dead and an old broken wagon.  There were several fountains that added to the mood, but all in all this could be a beautiful spot for a restaurant with some clean up, landscaping, redecorating and an updated menu.
4	Great breakfast - food and service.  Have eaten many times so want to share my applauds.  Outside is nice as well as inside.  Both have a great ambiance.
2	A beautiful outside area to dine. A kind of clumped together inside store and dining area. I ordered the meat lovers omelet with hash-browns and toast, my mother ordered three over medium eggs which came out over easy. She also ordered potato's which came out ok and then wheat toast that came out burnt and then we sent it back but again it came out burnt so we sent it back a second time and finally came out ok.
4	This place is like the A-Team...If you have a problem (need a breakfast place to eat at not in a resort), if no one else can help (not too many choices in the northeast valley), and if you can find them (hint: they are in a gas station, behind the register and cooler doors), maybe you can hire the A-Team (or eat here).
3	This is a good place for breakfast with decent food.  A neighbor recommended it to us as being good for out-of-town guests (there is lots of western decor and knick-knacks to look at) and a good breakfast place.  The breakfast is good - I almost always get pancakes - but the service is so-so.  My husband has had to send his steak back on more than one occasion to be cooked more and by the time it came back to us, I was finished with my meal.  There is often a wait as well if you hit the peak times (brunch time on weekends).  Parking can also be a challenge when it is especially busy.  Despite a few negatives we keep going back!
5	Breakfast on the weekend can be a nightmare if you go at the wrong time but if there is a line it certainly can be worth the wait.
4	Very quaint and clean just stopped in to look around before my next appointment to kill a few min... but can tell it adds to the visitors of AZ a cultural snapshot....
3	The staff is hit and miss. Some of the waitresses are very nice, but when this place is busy some of the waitresses are just plain rude. The food is just okay for the price. Just expect regular diner food. Nothing special but good comfort food. Recommend the eggs Benedict, taco salad and huevos rancheros. Very cute and different place to try.
4	If you like to start your day with a great cup of coffee and a plentiful country breakfast, then this is the place to go.  I had the three egg meal with hashbrowns and smoked bacon.  Delicious!  Everything was cooked just the way I like it; hashbrowns a little crispy on the outside, and crispy bacon.  The staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations  on display.  Some are available  for purchase.
4	Such a fun place! I actually enjoyed that there was a gas station, a market (with homemade salsa and dips for sale, might I add) a post office and a cafe all rolled up in a cute little old-timey western package. I came here with my family for mothers day without a reservation, there were 7 of us plus a dog so we requested a patio table and were seated within 5 minutes, Amazing. The service was spot on and so friendly. The food was tasty, I ordered a salad which was very good however after seeing the plates of breakfast coming from the kitchen I immediately regretted getting lunch, their breakfast looked fantastic. This is exactly the type of place I would love to bring out of town guests to enjoy a leisurely breakfast outside or just just get out of the hustle and bustle of downtown and revel in the beautiful desert air.
5	As good as diner food gets!  Great staff, great food and the value is much appreciated.
4	Love the Breakfast!!
4	Not what you expect when you pull up to a gas station. Love coming here. Usually my opinions of restaurants are based 90% on the food, but this is not so much the case for this review. The atmosphere of the General Store is very Old Fashioned Arizona-y. Eating outside during the Fall and Spring seasons is a great idea. The flowers are beautiful out there. Eating inside is nice as well, very cute and quaint.Never had any memorably terrible or great service experiences here. Usually good for the most part. The food is good too. Not like extremely amazing or anything, but it is yummy for sure.This is a fun different place to go for breakfast or lunch. Would also be a good place to take people who are visiting out of state.
5	Delicious food. Excellent service. Friendly prices. Cute, unique setup. Love this place.I always get the huevos rancheros if possible and am somehow always disappointed by the quality or unable to finish the food. The huevos rancheros here are to die for. I finished it all.My boyfriend got the french toast combo and also cleaned his plate. I had a bite of his french toast ...so good.We also got the chocolate milkshake and it was nice and rich and creamy. The waitress also gave us the extra leftover milkshake that she couldn't fit in the glass. Killed that too.The waitress was really welcoming and down to earth. I noticed her colleagues were just the same with the other patrons: super friendly, taking pictures for them, etc.We sat aside and the giant umbrellas provided a lot of shade, which made the experience super pleasant. There's a little water fountain and a church as a backdrop.This is a definite favorite and must-return next time I'm in Scottsdale.
2	This place has all the potential in the world to be super interesting but instead came off as a bit strange. We came here after reading all the rave reviews about breakfast. We sat down and waited a bit before any one approached and when they did it was not pleasant. Our server was barely interested in us and couldn't even bring herself to make eye contact with us. Our daughter who is quite the charmer couldn't even engage her. She was so disinterested that she brought us out the wrong drinks - not a good start. The food was completely and absolutely average. It was not worth the price or the rude service. We will most likely not be back.
5	I came here with my sister after a hike for Breakfast.  The staff was so friendly and had exceptional customer service! The food was amazing and the Place reminds me of where I grew up in the country, so cute and quaint. I will be back.
2	I took my family for breakfast here. The food was average. The general store has a lot of knickknacks to look at but generally speaking it was nothing special. The oatmeal we ordered had no taste. My waffle tasted like what  you'd  get at a motel breakfast bar. coffee tasted burnt and was your average drip coffee that comes out of a flask. Generally speaking it was nothing worth coming back to.
5	Excellent Food, Excellent Sevice even with 11 people in our party. Lovely place for breakfast.
5	loved this place!! Nice people, good food, friendly service.  Wish it was warmer and we could enjoy the patio eating.  Will come back again soon!!
