3	My neighborhood Walgreens & "go to" pharmacy.  What can I say about this place?.....it's convenient, clean, and the staff is friendly.  We get most of our daily living stuff here.....Son's contact lens cleaner, eye drops, etc....and when we get sick we stop here to get cold medicine  and cough drops.We used this location to get Passport photos for our trip to China and it's a quick process.  Their photo equipment is always in good shape, so if you need prints printed from your digital or old school camera, they can accommodate.I've never had a problem here.  It's a Walgreens and not much different than the 1000's of others around the country.  I'm glad that they're consistently good in my book.Will I return?  You can count on it.
4	I came in here to get passport photos for my Philippines passport. The lady was nice enough to ask me if the requirements for the photo were the same as the U.S. requirements and I totally didn't know. (They weren't. WHAT?!) Good thing she bothered to ask me because I would have wasted $9. Thanks sweet photography lady.I have prescriptions filled here (via drive-thru) and I buy makeup here. The nice cosmetics cashier is always there when I go and checkout with her is super fast. Did I mention it's open 24 hours? Woohoo.
3	What can I say?  It's a Walgreens.
4	I've been coming her for over 10 years and they are usually stocked well with competitive pricing.  The pharmacy sometimes has a line so I leave the RX and return another time to pick it up.Walgreens is very fair with returns.
3	Walgreens is pretty ok, I don't like the fact you can't get rain checks on registrar reward items. Which is mostly all the good sale items.They seem to restock pretty slowly or when they sale is over. sigh.
1	So went to purchase eggs since it's on sale and all the eggs expires on 7/4/12 that's only two good days left. I asked for a discount or something they said NO. I asked can I get a rain check since these are almost bad eggs and I won't be back for a few days. They said they can't give out rain checks for their own store sales. The Hell kind of BS is that??
5	I really love this location, I can walk to it from my home if needed. Pretty good sales, when you watch their ads.I don't fill prescriptions here since they no longer carry my insurance :( I wonder what happened.
4	Seen one, you seen them all!So this place is next to the YMCA which I go to quite often, the main reason I come here is for the redbox. I have ventured inside to look for nail polishes and their cashiers are pretty nice.What I like about Walgreens is that they always have a weird sale going on. For cosmetics you can usually find a bogo sale of b150%off the next item. Now I dont wear any make up so usually this doesnt pertain to me, but for all you ladies out there who arent blessed with amazing looks (LOL JK) then here you go!What I like is their nail polish selection! Im a NP hoarder and here you can often find them on sale or super cheap!! I will continue coming here for redbox and nail polish!
4	Walgreens are fairly the same range. This one is cleaner than average and organized well. I like some of their sales for cosmetic type items, but otherwise I'm rarely in them. My latest hobby is doing my nails, specially gel and Walgreens is one of the few places that carries gel polish as well as regular polishes of various brands. I don't use the pharmacy too much as I don't have insurance so this isn't the place to fill them paying out of pocket. You would think it would be, but fill your prescription at WalMart for a hefty price cut.I do come to this location more often the one the next block over from my house, simply because it has a Take Care clinic. They aren't run by Walgreens employees, but dependent from them. This one isn't as busy as others, which is a plus. Overall, I'm a fan of this locale.
3	The store is great. Easy to get in and out. The Take Care Clinic is nice as well. The people that work it are very nice. The reason this location got a 3 is because it is ALWAYS super busy.  Their is always a long line to pick up prescriptions, both inside and in the drive thru. Sometimes you have wait over 30 minutes just to pick up ready prescriptions.
1	I used to come here all the time and never had a problem. But the last few times I have been here, I leave pissed off. The pharmacy is incredibly slow. The drive thru is a joke - funny how I have never spent more than a couple minutes with my transactions in the drive thru, but the morons I get behind in the drive thru are doing transactions that they should be going inside to do, thus taking the convenience out of the drive thru. I never get prescriptions filled in a timely manner, and on more than one occasion, they have given me misinformation about the medicine I am taking.
2	This particular location specializes in making their customers wait. 7 people in line for the pharmacy and only one cash register open. Hmmm... :/
2	I started ordering my prescriptions the day before I planned on picking them up so I don't have to sit there for 20 minutes while they "hurry up" and get it done.  If you use the automated system, a word of advice is, if you can wait, do it that way.  If you pick a time the same day, allow at least 2 hours beyond that so that when you get there you'll only have to wait in the line (inside or drive-thru).  The staff has always been friendly and professional, so my star rating does not include them. I think they are just overloaded with prescriptions since everyone is now taking at least one drug these days (pharmaceutical companies are rolling in $$$$).  I fill my insulin and test strip prescriptions there, if a doctor writes me a new scrip when I'm sick, I use the CVS pharmacy.
