5	I am petrified of chiropractors. But I have suffered back pain for years and the doctor prescribed pain pills which kept me in a fog. The Activator Method is not your typical bone-crushing experience. I was apprehensive on my first visit but once I went through the process, I was really happy about it. Dr. Peterman is a genuine caring person and I appreciate what he does to make me pain free. If anyone has a fear of chiropractice methods, this is the solution. I feel great and no more pain pills!
5	I have been using this clinic for over 20 years.   Being active in many different sports and outdoor activities I often have need for a chiropractor.  They are always professional, friendly and go out of their way to see me. Even adjusting me on a weekend at the Dr's home a time or two when I'd badly thrown something out.
5	I have been a patient at Fuhr Chiropractic for 7 years and it has truly change my life. Doctor Petermann is an educated, genuine, and honest doctor whose practice far exceeds any other office I've attended. The staff is friendly and personable. And throughout the years, I only feel better after seeing Doctor Eric. Thanks Doc!
5	I've been going to Dr Peterman for over 20 years.  He uses a hand held activator which he gives light tap to your body.  The Doctor has a method which point to the parts of your body that need the activator touch.  This light tap works every time.  Give it a try, you will be amazed how well this method works.
5	Dr. Petermann does a great job for people injured in car accidents.  His patients love him and he will take very good care of you!!!  Highly recommended!!!
5	I was referred to Dr Peterman with Fuhr Chiropractic by a few co workers that spoke very highly of him.   I have tried other Chiropractors,physical therapy,accupuncture and many other things over the last 3 months and finally am feeling better just after a week of seeing Dr Peterman.   And just love Renee at the front office,so friendly and works with your schedule to fit you in.   Highly Recommend Dr Peterman with Fuhr Chiropractic!
5	As a chiropractor, I have my pick of doctors but I think Dr Eric Peterman is the best around! Whenever I'm in need of an adjustment, I can depend on Eric to get me back to feeling aligned and reducing my pain. I originally met the Dr during a research project years ago, and I have been continually impressed with his knowledge and experience in our field.
5	After being rear ended in a car accident almost 20 yrs ago I was fortunate to meet Dr Peterman. I was on pain pills and muscle relaxers with 3 little kids at home. Dr Peterman activator method was effective and his extra care for his patients educated me on how important it was to get off the medicine for the health of my body. Over the years I have always been Thankful to have Dr Peterman to call for an adjustment.The staff is always helpful & friendly.Recently I have been dealing with some unexplained health concerns and Dr Peterman has been my saving grace because of his genuine care for his patients.
5	I bring my 2 1/2 year old son here. Dr. Peterman is awesome with children. What a great personality he has and my son loves his adjustments. We come every few months to keep my little guy moving correctly and you can't beat $15 a visit.
