5	Affordable haircuts for kids and adults.  The stylists are great and are familiar with the latest teen cuts- which my teen son and preteen daughter appreciates!  I recommend you get an appointment or call ahead if you are in a rush, as they sometimes can get busy, due to their  great service and and happy kids that enjoy the games and fun waiting area.  I highly recommend.
4	First, let me start off by saying my toddler DETESTS hair cuts.  He kicks, screams, cries and swears we're dragging him into a live horror film in action.  I've had to sit him on my lap while I sit in the barber chair myself acting as a human strait jacket, unsure of why I didn't just let him grow those Bob Marley dreads and avoided this altogether. That being said, we've tried ALL of the "kid" haircut salons where they offered movies, video games, bubbles, other kids, a vast selection of candy..... and he didn't give a hoot. He still wanted out, stat.  At the end of each ordeal, we were left with a horrible haircut (because he wouldn't stop moving) and having to shell out about $30 for something that everyone politely stared and smirked at afterwards.  :-/Let me tell you, I was relieved, grateful and shocked that I found this place.  What originally lured me in was the low price - around $12, almost half of what their competitors were asking.  I thought, "Well, if I'm going to end up with the same botchy cut, I might as well pay less for it". The stylist we got was Rosa.  She was/is AMAZING! Simply the nicest person who has cut his hair so far, with sooo much patience and understanding of his fears.  She never rolled her eyes or demonstrated any intolerance as other places had.  She talked to him softly, showed  him all the tools - clippers, combs.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't an instant miracle.  The first time there, he was still going bezerk. But the experience overall was much better. We've been there four times now, and he finally sits in the race car barber chair and only puts up a minimal fight.  The other stylists there are also very friendly each time we're there. And there seem to always be other people coming in, so making an appointment beforehand is definitely advised.  Also, Rosa has been able to cut all the modern styles - traditional fade, eurohawk, mohawk, you name it. It's always resulted in exactly what we wanted/described to her. She even makes suggestions on how it would look better and how to style it. While the overall look of the salon is not as commercial and put together as the big, well-known chains of children salons, I don't mind one bit when I can get this kind of service and my kid is happy.
5	Friendliest staff and my 5 year old son thinks its so cool to play video games while getting his hair cut!  And my 1 year son loves to "drive" will getting a trim!
5	I saw these reviews today and had to check it out. Our little one had his 1st cut at 4 months (@ home) and he absolutely hated it. He is 11.5 months now and his hair had gotten so long I just had to cut it, even though my intention was to let it grow out long. Believe me, I was so nervous about how this next cut was going to be, and also nervous wonderful Rosa (last mentioned in a Jan 2013 review) would no longer be there. But she was!! And let me tell you, she is just as great of a kids stylist as everyone makes her out to be; better even! She is so nice, so friendly, so understanding (especially to a nervous mother like me!), so personable... I could go on and on. And the one other staff member there today was also the same way. Another mother there told me that she had been taking her boys there since they were 1 yr. old (now both 11 and 9 yrs). We all had a good chat while getting our kids hair cut.The place is SUPER kid friendly. There is a small waiting area with cushioned benches, train table, puzzles, small TV and kids chairs, and toddler toys too. Their hair cutting stations are pretty neat too. Each have their own small TV built in and chairs to suit different ages. Older kids can get the standard chair and can play video games while getting their hair cut (cool, huh?!). And the little ones get cute little cars with steering wheels and have a HUGE selection of videos to choose from. I watched Baby Mozart and baby watched Rosa. LOL I was able to do a walk-in today (Saturday around 1p), but I would recommend setting an appointment because those do take first priority; as they should. Great experience overall and great cut too!
5	I took my two daughters here to fix a scissors incident and they were wonderful.  They took their time and explained how they were cutting the hair to hide as much of the short patches as possible.  I was extremely happy with the outcome and I will definitely be back
5	I took my two daughters here to fix a scissors incident and they were wonderful.  They took their time and explained how they were cutting the hair to hide as much of the short patches as possible.  I was extremely happy with the outcome and I will definitely be back.
5	Took my 27 month old boy for his first haircut. They did a wonderful job, Rosa was great. I was nervous about how they would be able to handle a very squirmy/active 2 yr and worried about him screaming and fighting the whole time. No need to worry, Rosa was a pro, she put him in the racecar seat, put on his  favorite movie, Cars, and showed/let him touch every tool she used on him. She did a great job of keeping him distracted, and wow, is she a fast cutter.  Oh, and his hair looks good, too.
5	A squiggling, screaming and tearful toddler is no one's idea of an ideal customer, but Scotty has never made so much as a comment about my son's reactions to sitting in the barber's chair. And I don't know how she does it, but she has consistently given beautiful haircuts to my spirited child for the last year and a half. Scotty, with ease and grace, is able to cut and buzz his thick, shaggy mane down to a skillfully styled and expertly coiffed head of manageable hair. Even an aunt of mine commented on how well his hair is cut and inquired if I take him to the salon I go to, for his haircuts. I'm almost reluctant to tell others about Scotty and her talented staff because I don't want her to get even more popular and overbooked than she is now. Oh, and Scotty's talents also translates to the adult head of hair. My husband went in to get his hair cut to show our son there was nothing to be afraid of. And despite his hesitancy, his cut was great. Scotty is an absolute gem and we are so lucky to have such a kind and sweet person who is gentle with children, here in the east valley.
