5	I went to Theresa for a skin condition on my arms and legs that I have had for years.  The dermatologists prescribed creams that did absolutely nothing.  She knew right away what treatments would help my condition and the best part was I could do them at home myself for very little money.  My arms are now completely healed & my legs are almost cleared.  I am actually able to grow hair again where I was not able to before.  Theresa is professional & very informative.  I got quite an education.  I can't say thank you enough for what she did for me.  I will only trust my skin to her.  Thanks, Theresa
5	So many people compliment my lashes.  I have had lash extensions since Feb of this year.  I went and had a new fresh set applied last month. She has great attention to detail and is a professional perfectionist.  I absolutely love my  lashes now more than I ever had.  My makeup routine is quick and simple because I can simply go light and not worry about eyeliners and mascaras.  They last several weeks too!  Her prices for full sets and touchups are extremely reasonable.  I live in N. Phx but its undoubtably worth the trip!  I recommend her to anyone looking to give lash extensions a try.   Be sure to check out her gallery onlineCheck out their website for deals as well!
5	Theresa is an awesome person and esthetician
5	I got my eyelash extensions here by Theresa. She is an excellent aesthetician, very educational as she spent 30 min on the phone explaining the process to me and answering my questions. The place is in the Moda Solons building suitr 107 but don't be surprised its not a suite really just a small room. When I went  in she explained everything as she was doing it an is a really great person, great conversation. She made it all relaxing and I didn't feel a thing. You will be comfortable and certainly pleased with whatever service you get. Her attention to detail with the lashes was impressive and I will be a long time repeat customer due to her excellent service.Also be sure to check in to get an extra 10% off services!
5	2nd review. Yelp took my first one down. I love this place and I couldn't think of a beter place to go. Theresa is Awesome.
5	Theresa is amazing.....her customer service.and professionalism is the best. My eyelashes have NEVER LOOKED BETTER! I highly recommend her services.
5	I started seeing Theresa, for eyelash extensions, in early October (I wanted to be ready for my husband's Christmas party) I had them before a few years back so I consider myself a bit of a 'pro'..... Well, let me tell you, Theresa had them on in HALF the time, for HALF the money with TWICE as many lashes!!!! She is fantastic, I was amazed at the absolute WONDERFUL job she did!!!! I decided to keep them on even longer then I was planning, I love them that much!!!!
5	Theresa and Joanne at Forever Young Aesthetics are a dream team! Joanne was amazingly kind, accommodating, and responsive to all of my complicated appointment booking needs (I reside in Flagstaff and wished to make the trip to Surprise just for Theresa's permanent makeup artistry) and Theresa simply has to be the very best in the business! Not only was the procedure for permanent eyeliner and brows discussed thoroughly with me prior to choosing a single color, I was made to feel completely at ease and fully confident in my choice to proceed. As one would expect from a talent like Theresa, the results of my permanent makeup are absolutely perfect and, simply put, stunning. In fact, I was making my way through a local grocery store less than 30 minutes post procedure and was stopped twice in the aisles for compliments on the color of my eyes. I my book, that's a five star review for Forever Young Aesthetics right there!A million thanks are owed to Theresa and Joanne for their phenomenal customer service and the fantastic results! When you can enter a business a customer and leave a friend, you know you've found something truly special.
