4	Yeah, I get lazy sometimes and normally don't like fastfood, but Arby's is alright.  I'm a fan for a few reasons:*I love their Market Fresh sandwiches, specially their chicken pecan salad. I can't do the big greasy burgers at night before bed. *I like Arby-Q's and roast beef. *I LOVE curly fries!  *Surprisingly they have a decent cherry turnover and flavored teas.*They have shakes, and have a small, kid cup size, option which is a plus since I can't drink more than half a average sized shake. *And they're right by the house and open late (til 12 or 1).
4	The staff was great and ordering was quick and easy. The market fresh sandwiches is delightful and tasty. I love the roast turkey ranch and bacon wrap. I will always order it.
4	I love the beef and cheddar with horsey sauce. The bogo roast beef sandwich is a good deal. The curly fries are a little greasy for my. I love the cherry turnover. Plus they have good brewed ice tea.
4	This is the best Arby's around! The wait is a little long sometimes, but the always get your order right and your food is always fresh. They often send coupons out in the mail and in the Centennial View, also they usually have other rotating deals in house. Nothing really to complain about there, they make sure the food on your tray if in your bag really is Good Mood Food! ;-)
1	The map location is wrong.   It's north Durango Dr not south Durango Dr.  It is mapped on the wrong end of town.
4	In Las Vegas, we take fast food chains such as Arby's, In N Out Burger, and Jack In The Box for granted. In New York, we miss Arby's. Now that Arby's opened their first stand alone store in Long Island, New York after a long absence from the region, people drive far out of the way for the Arby's experience. Fortunately, in Vegas there seems to be an Arby's on every major highway.   It has been a couple of years that I last ate in Arby's. Today we stopped here on the way to Floyd Lamb Park. By the time I left, I did not take Arby's for granted. I greatly enjoyed the beacon cheddar deluxe and curly fries. This is tasty fast food that I would put in the same fast food A-team as Panda Express and Raising Caines. I plan to visit more Arby's in the near future. I am a fan!
4	Gotta love the Horsey sauce and curly fries.  I get a craving for the roast beef sandwiches every once in a blue moon.
2	I usually love Arby's but last Saturday, they completely forgot my order.  I was told to sit down and wait for my name to be called but as the people who were behind me in line all got their food, my name had still not been called. When I asked about my food, again there was no rush to find my order...and I was already late back to work. Very disappointed in the service but the food was still good!
1	My husband and I stopped by for lunch, today.  It was the worst service I've ever experienced.  Seriously.  First, the girl taking our order at the counter showed more interest in her coworker and what he was saying (not work related), then taking our order and receiving our payment.  In fact. she gave us a view of the back of her head so she could better hear what the plans of her coworker was.  Once that part was over, we walked away to look for  table.  The tables were dirty.  We had to clean one in order to sit down  We waited and waited for our order.  When we looked over, the employees (all 3 of them)  were huddled together, one leaning on the prep counter, to talk about who knows what.  I heard several times from the girl about her "office" and meeting up to chat.  We finally received our order.  The curly fries tasted like cardboard, the fried onions on our brisket sandwich were stale.  Just gross!.  I'll never go back  Ever.The restaurant was not busy at all.  No excuse!
1	when I got there today, no service at the drive through... I waited and someone speaks Spanish to me on the microphone,,! I am American! they couldn't understand enough English to take my order so I drove off..
4	The new Arby's beef gyros were really good. Of course its not the real gyro meat, but the tzatziki sauce makes it taste like the real thing.  Service was quick. Will come back again.
1	The absolute worst Arbys. They shorted me 2 deluxe sandwhiches and when i called after driving 10 minutes home. The manager pretended not speak english. Not worth driving back over there. Stay away!!!!!
