5	Buying a car....a fun and yet totally terrifying process for most.... :(After months and months and months of test drives, reading consumer reports magazines, looking up crash test ratings, analyzing the difference between "intelligent" AWD and "full-time" AWD, and stressing my already stressed brain out, I finally decided to purchase a 2011 Subaru Legacy 2.5i Premium w/ the all weather package and moon roof ;)Living in Decatur, I searched all the Subaru dealerships in a 75 mi radius and found THE ONE...well a graphite Subaru legacy w/ all the fixins' and trimmins' I desired in Champaign. Whoohoo. I made contact with the dealership and prayed no one would pick it up before I could get over there. Sure enough, I arrived in Champaign at around 5:30 after work on a Monday and purchased my car right on the spot!!!!!The sales guy I dealt with was knowledgeable about the car (particularly since the dealership sold exclusively Saturns about 8 months ago), friendly, and (most importantly) honest. As you have read above, and in an effort not to be swindled, which I hear happens quite a bit in these types of negotiations, I DID my research. I knew from just about every website what the invoice price of the car was and how much each addition was worth and they matched all the numbers I found digit for digit. I was shocked, I didn't think car salesman dealt this way...or maybe I just watch too much TV.  After all the numbers were lined out, I went over to get approved for financing. Their financing lady is beyond helpful and friendly. No fast-talking or nickle and diming you here. Love it! On top of that when the sale was all final, the sales guy stayed at least 30 min. past closing to go over EVERY inch of the car with me to make sure I didn't have any remaining questions after leaving the dealership. Amazing! It basically goes without saying I left happy (and relieved) that I finally got my new car and it was THAT easy.
5	I used to drive a 12 year-old car and thought I was happy with it, despite knowing it wasn't going to last long. Then I fell in love with a Subaru Forester that I saw parked at the lot where I work. Finances were tight so I was afraid of investing too much on a new car. It took several months of research and savings before I walked into the Subaru dealership in Savoy. They were about to close and Cary Woolard came up and offered to help me. We went over the cars he had available, took me for a test drive, then talked about the prices and finances. I left knowing I found my place and my car, but I needed to see other cars in other places to make sure it wasn't a rushed decision. The next day Cary and I talked some more, talked to the manager, and I finally set for my new Subaru. Even after several hours of paperwork and here we are many hours after closing, and Cary is going over every aspect of the car with me. I left feeling extremely satisfied with my purchase and very well cared for not just by Cary, who did a phenomenal job, but by the entire team who worked together in making sure that I got what was best for me, not  for them. I strongly recommend the Subaru of Champaign County even if you don't live in the Champaign area. Peace of mind is something only great and few places can offer.
2	I took my Subaru there for repair.  Some employees are nice and welcoming and some are mean, but that is expected of car mechanics, i guess.  Also (as expected) prices are high for parts and labor.  What I did not expect was to have the car returned to me with defective repairs and the cabin full of grease.  The dealers also recommended thousand of dollars in repairs, which according to several other mechanics are absolutely not necessary.To their credit, the service was very reasonable and did fix defective repairs after these were brought up to his attention.
2	Got my oil change here. They should have told me they use Volvoline instead Subaru motor oil. Allen, you need to cheer up, your customer service is NOT ACCEPTABLE,  please smile, show your warmth ( may be I am just used to L.A. where every service personnel fake their smile and sincerity, that's the very least I expected from everyone at my facility). Now, the car wash, Grand Subaru in Chicago does my regular oil change and finish the job with a car wash. Here, if it was not because of the dripping water, I did not know a car wash was done,...come on guys, an undocumented workers in L.A. does 50 time better job than the car wash I got from you guys...pathetic car wash. Am I a retuning customer ?....
5	I had the pleasure of dealing with Subaru of Champaign on multiple occasions, one to test driving a car and another time when receiving a new car. Their customer service is excellent, and they are extremely friendly. They are clearly passionate about what they do, and proud to represent the brand as unique as Subaru.I dealt with Justin and Kelly. Justin was fun to work and talk cars with, and Kelly was very knowledgeable, friendly and efficient. I don't have experience with their service department, but based on my impression of the business overall I assume they are very good as well. I would recommend this business to anyone looking for service or purchasing information on a Subaru.
