5	Just tried this place this afternoon. Very friendly staff & great rates with no commitments. You don't need to worry about paying some $25-$40 co pay like at a regular Chiropractic's office each time you visit. It's $49 a month and you get four visits a month. It's not like massage envy where you have to sign a contract for a year and its hard to quit. This goes month to month. Try it out once for $19 if you want. This company is really growing. So stop by and see for yourself!!
5	In and out in 5-10 minutes. Super friendly staff that remembers your name and always greets you with a smile! Their prices are a steal, especially if you purchase a package or membership!
5	I don't often write reviews but I feel like this is such a great concept I have to share it. I don't often visit a chiropractor unless I am having trouble sitting or standing and often it must be accompanied by lots a pain. Then I would go, get the problem resolved and not look back until I was in pain again. I walked by the Joint one day and could not believe the fee structure. I made a mental note and went on with my day. Not long after seeing the sign my back started acting up again so I went in. They told me the service is for maintaining my health and that I could come in at my leisure up to 4 times a month for $49.00. I thought I spend that every time I go so I would give it a try. That was 2 months ago and now I look forward to my frame alignment. It is like my private time. I have not had any major pain since and feel great. I can't say enough good about their business. No appointment and they remembered me from the first appointment. It would be worth a try if you need a little tuneup.
5	I've been going to The Joint on Camelback since it opened several months ago. I have the $49 a month package, and go in once a week for a quick adjustment. Dr. Lees is very skilled and able to fix my often-out-of-place neck and back!
5	I was never one to go to a chiropractor, but in a desperate attempt to get some pain relief one day I went to The Joint, and now I am hooked!  I love that you don't need an appointment, and I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seen.  Dr. Lees is awesome!!!  I don't have a monthly membership because I don't go that often, but I did buy a package and it is a great deal!!Being in alignment is good for so many reasons health wise, so go see Dr. Lees and get straightened out!
5	I'm glad I spotted Iain B's review of the Joint, because it reminded me that I needed to give them a shout, too.  We moved from Ohio in the not-too-distant past, and a friend of our's gave us a $70/month all-you-can-crack family plan for his services back in Ohio.  When we moved here we ended up, at first, going to the kind of chiropractor who tries to rope you into a series of very expensive visits, x-rays, etc.  I hate that kind of crap, and so I was elated--as was my neck--to find The Joint.  Like others have said, it's a quick, no-frills kind of place, and that's the way it should be.  My wife and I like to see a chiro on a fairly regular basis, so we are both members.  They do give you the hard sell when you make your first visit to join, but it's such a good deal if you need regular chiropractic care and it made sense for us.  My only complaint is that they are not open Sundays, but a plus is that your membership is good at any of the valley locations, so occasionally I have been driving around and realized I was close enough that I could pop in and out and still make my appointments elsewhere.  Two thumbs up, and one appreciative neck, for the Joint.
4	Interesting that they allow someone associated with a competitor write a review, with one star, and not filter it (when she clearly hasn't been here as a customer and claims that all these reviews are professional written.) Now don't get me wrong. I miss my old chiropractor in Tempe, but I live and work in Midtown and Biltmore. So The Joint helps with convenience of location, hours and allowing for walkins. I have never felt like they were as attention detailed as my past Chiro - BUT my past Chiro would be charging me 65 + a visit for a non insurance visit. This is $19 your first time and $30 each one after. In addition, they offer multiple visit cards. Again, they are available for walkins six days a week. Overall I am pleased with the service I have gotten here.
4	I don't have any chronic pain but I do have a foot that swings out to the side when I walk so a friend recommended that I try a chiropractor.The staff and the doc were friendly.  He listened to what I had to say then made some stretching recommendations to correct my foot.  His recommendations were in line with what my masseuse said as well.  He did the adjustment and was professional.  I told him that I wanted to see how I felt the next day so I didn't want to purchase the package and there was absolutely no pressure to upsell.In the end I decided to just stick with massage, but the professional recommendations and the lack of pressure to upsell should be noted.  Good service overall for those who want to check out a new chiropractor.
5	Convenient location! Great staff! Wonderful results! These people make it easy and affordable for you to recieve good chiropractic care on a regular basis. They had reserved parking for their clients making it even easier to get in and out quickly. The adjustments are very complete eand you feel the difference. I went in with a stiff neck in severe pain and felt great by the next day. I really recommend this place.
5	I think this is a great option for those of us who would otherwise not make it to the chiropractor as often as we should. It is affordable, fast and very convenient!
5	I'm glad I ran into this place, I love the no nonsense approach to chiropractic here. I am already a fan of chiropractic, but have no real back, nerve, or spine issues of note; however, sometimes you just need to get adjusted to keep everything in alignment. Their monthly subscription is perfect for people who want to commit to a monthly arrangement, you can also pay per visit or you can pre-purchase 'X' number of visits for discounted rates.I woke up with a pinched nerve one day recently, I visited on my lunch break and the immediate pain was taken care, followed up with an adjustment two days later and today I'm back to my normal self!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	This place definitely deserves 5 stars! It is conveniently located, open on weekends, and  all of the staff are friendly. I have to be honest I have always been skeptical of chiropractors and was hesitant to go, but had run out of options and my back has been throbbing for days. After going to Urgent Care, icing, pain pills and resting I decided to check it out for myself. The doctor was kind, sympathetic and gentle with me. The doctor listened to me and did not rush me which I was unable to do. I was so embarrassed from crying from pain but he was professional and kind the whole time. I have not been able to walk in over 3 days from the intense back pain which I learned was from a slip disk. Two hours after coming home from my alignment I am able to sit and walk with much reduced pain. I cannot THANK him enough. Hours later I am already feeling better. I purchased a 1 month pass and will be back next week! I am so grateful for the help and support and will definitely make referrals.
5	I walked in for the $19 first time trial adjustment and was instantly hooked. It feels amazing to have my back adjusted. After the first adjustment I felt better than I ever have in my life. All this negative energy instantly left my body and I was in bliss. I go in every week to keep my health in excellent condition. The $49 a month is an outstanding deal. It has been well worth it. All I can say is thank you so much and I wish I had come in sooner! Dr. Drew and Dr. Tom are the best!
5	This place is really good. If you sign up for the 4 for $49 a month, it's just as easy as walking in, scanning your personal keycard, and getting in 5-15min during any day of the week.  There are two types of Chiropractors: 1). a Dr. who sees you as a customer wanting to get in and out. 2.) A Dr. who sees you as a patient taking his/her time to coach you on what to do and what not to do to get better. My advice is to ask questions and get all of your questions answered from your Dr. to better your lifestyle. But the atmosphere is great  and the staff is nice.
5	I've been going for more than six months now. I have always had issues with stress locking up my shoulders and neck. I used to go to a chiro regularly when my insurance covered it, but my new insurance didn't and the out-of-pocket price at most places was just too much. At The Joint, I get a professional adjustment and consultation for a really great price, and I'm happy to say my back and neck are on the road to recovery. I think I need regular massages to deal with the muscle tightness in the shoulders, but that's next on the agenda!
5	My wife and I have been seeing Dr. Drew for years. We keep coming back because he genuinely cares about us as his patients and he makes sure we're properly cared for at every visit. Thank You Dr. Drew!
5	Dr. Andrew is great!  I tried some of the other locations that are close to My home and they kept leaving for another far away location...the replacement doctor just wasn't as good.  I tried Dr. Andrew because it was close to the dealership where I was getting My car fixed...I am soooo glad I found him.  I now travel from N. Phx to see him.  Well worth it too!  Very good chiropractor, open 7 days a week, little to no wait and everyone is friendly.
4	The hours are pretty good here and you can get in any day of the week.  Dr. Drew is good.  I had never been to a chiropractor before, so the first time I did was with him.  Having never been, at first I thought his adjustments were a bit rough.  However, I know now that his adjustments are really good.  After my first visit I had adjustments from two other chiropractors at a different The Joint.  I ended up going back to Dr. Drew.  His adjustments feel so much more complete, and I can tell that I have been fully adjusted.  It makes a world of difference.  I definitely recommend this location and this doctor.
5	Stumbled upon this place and I couldn't be happier with the results. My first visit with Dr. Drew was great. He was very thorough and informative on what I needed to work on to help my back and neck pains. I have been in 3 times now and plan on remaining a client. I always walk in and get in with little or no wait. Very affordable and accommodating for someone with a busy schedule!
5	I really like the concept of this type of chiropractic care.  It's no-nonsense, yet you get quality care.  Dr. Drew was great during the times that I went for my adjustments.  He's super nice and after adjustments gave me instructions of things I could do at home to care for my back.  After my went back was out of alignment because of a running injury, i was fixed up after my first visit, and the additional visits allowed me to continue healing.What's great about this type of care is that it's affordable.  Especially if you get their special.  Currently it's one month (4 sessions) for $49. It beats having to spend a $25 co-pay at most other chiropractors which adds up when they want you to come back 2 & 3 times a week.  This might not be for everyone, but give it a try and see what you think.  I love it.   I just hope they open one in South Florida soon since we are moving.
5	Dr. Drew and his office staff are the best!  I have had back pain for years and been to many other chiropractors and never had better care than I have had here. I love being able to stop in anytime I am in pain and instantly get adjusted and walk out feeling great......so convenient!  Although there is a Joint right down the street from me, I choose to drive to the Camelback location to see Dr. Drew.  :)
5	Dr. Drew and Dr. Tom are AWESOME! I have been to many chiropractors and they are TOP NOTCH!! Always friendly and insightful about my issues, they have helped me so much I cannot recommend them highly enough!  They really know their stuff.Pam & Mark the owners are very nice people too.  Get a package and you save lots!
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Drew's for a couple of years now and every time I go to see him, it is a great experience. Ms. Pam has always remembered my name and is so fun to visit with while I am waiting for my appointment. Dr. Drew takes his time with me and is very gentle and always answers any questions that I have. He has spent extra time with me looking up traction devices for my neck online. I mean, this guy goes out of his way!!! I went in today and the actual Owner was there and he came out in the waiting room and introduced himself and welcomed me. I thought that was totally awesome! I will continue to get my services done at The Joint on Camelback!!!
5	Dr. Drew is the best! He clearly is a pro & adjusts me perfectly every time! Definitely ask to see him! :) short wait times or none at all. Visit Dr. Drew and he will quickly become your favorite. Happy to share ! :)
5	10 stars. Great, fast, easy service. Pam, the lady up front is awesome. Knows my father and I, feels great that we aren't just another face to a business. Thank you Camelback crew.
5	Could not recommend this place more great service nice clinic definitely give them a visit.
5	Absolutely the best!  Dr. Drew is amazing.  I have tried other Joint locations, but sold here!  This is a great concept - in and out usually in about 10-15 minutes!
5	So I've been to Pain Therapists, Physical Therapists, Sports Medicine Clinics and Chiropractors for an old hip injury.  Dr. Drew avoids the heavy torque by leaning into your body with weight and uses a quick pull approach that does wonders.You will be adjusted in minutes, not as sore and feeling so much better the next day.Highly recommended!
5	Pain, misery, agony, 'I can't do this', 'nothing helps'. These are all words and phrases that I would use to describe my everyday life because of my back. That was, until I went and saw Dr. Richetto at The Joint on Camelback. From the very first visit, Dr. Richetto showed compassion, care and an understanding for my problems. He spent a respectable amount of time getting to know me and what my daily activities are that might be contributing to my pain. After my visit, I was amazed at the instant change in feeling. I could stand straight and walk without pain again. Dr. Richetto explained to me what I myself can do at home to help. I appreciated this as I too work in the health field. After another two visits, I can not even remember the pain my back felt. It's completely gone, thanks to Dr. Richetto.The prices at The Joint on Camelback are very reasonable considering the relief that I was given from this pain. There are several packages available for any budget. Pam was great in explaining my options and how they work! Truly a wonderful place!
5	The first day i came into the Joint I couldn't even bend forward all the way, my pain was  horrible and I couldn't even sit fir a long period of time.  I've been  coming to see Doc. Drew for a month and I no longer have pain.  I felt such a relieve with my first visit that i couldn't stop going. Im so happy i found Dr. Drew :) I hope that with my regular visits for my adjustments I never get to experience the same pain Ever Again!!
5	Quick. Efficient.
5	This is by far the best place to get an adjustment or any chiropractic service! The person who ties it all together is the front desk receptionist Pamela. She always greets you with a bright smile and a warm welcome. Her energy and positive attitude definitely radiates throughout the office. I don't prefer just one doc because each one that's given an adjustment has been very thorough, easy to talk with and gets the job done. What's even more convenient is this is a walk in only office and I have never waited more than 5  minutes for one of the docs. Also getting my chiropractic services here is actually significantly cheaper than using my insurance with a $25 copay! Try this place because once you do, you will be hooked!
5	I love the Joint. You never wait more than ten minutes for an adjustment with no appointments necessary. Great doctors and friendly staff!
5	When my wife's back started to really hurt at three o'clock in the morning on a Sunday, I despaired.  This wasn't a good time for one's back to go out because, as I learned in the past, no chiropractors are open!. . .at least that's what I thought. . .A few places make a pretense of being open "by request" but when I emailed one, I didn't get a call back.  A look on Yelp did reveal The Joint as being open on a Sunday--since we were at a loss to try anything else that day, we decided to give it a try.  Turns out that The Joint is owned by the same people that own Massage Envy, and they have a similar concept--if you're a member, you can go to any Joint at any time for service as per the rules of your plan.  Nice!  My wife joined, and she got the relief that she was looking for.  A few follow-up appointments later, and the pain was gone.Keep in mind--this is stripped-down chiro service.  There's no x-rays or initial consultations, no water jet beds or IR lasers.  If you're looking for just straight up chiropractic with no commitments, this may be the Joint you're looking for.  Have a look at the reviews.  They speak for themselves.N.B. Not all Joints are open on Sundays, but this one is.  :)
5	I have been using them for a month now and love the concept and price. The service and adjustments have been great.
5	I have been receiving chiropractic adjustments for years due to an injury. Every chiropractor comments on difficult my adjustments are.  However I wasn't completely thrilled about the adjustments I received elsewhere. I recently came to this location and I'm very glad that I did. Dr. Drew immediately assessed my neck and back problem and gave me an adjustment that relieved my pain. I've been back several times since and I will continue to visit this location as long as Dr. Drew is here. For anyone who may be afraid of chiropractic or is in need of pain relief without the used of medications, I strongly recommend they see Dr Drew.
5	I have struggled with migraines my entire adult life. I've only had one since coming here about six months ago!!! Dr. Drew and Dr. Tom are awesome!!!
5	Super convenient. I really like how you do not have to schedule an appointment and you can just walk in. Normally I am in and out in a matter of minutes. This place is also super affordable. I am on their wellness plan and I get 4 adjustments a month for $49. Can't beat that. Plus everyone is really friendly. I have recommended this place several times to my friends and they love it just as much as I do.
5	I think everyone needs to get this done once a week- Steve is the man! The receptionists are super nice- it's just a great all around place and the result are proven
4	I came here for an adjustment for my neck and lower back. It was nice being able to walk in without an appointment and the lady at the reception desk was courteous and helpful. After filling out the requisite forms and waiting for a short while, I was called into the main chiropractic are. The large space was dimly lit for a more relaxing atmosphere and the chiropractor explained and performed the procedure well. It was a quick first visit and cost only 19 bucks, and while the receptionist explained available treatment plans, there was no hard sell.
5	I am so happy to have discovered this place. As someone who is a big believer in a chiropractic adjustment, I find that the hours are perfect for my busy lifestyle and Dr. Roach has really helped to make me feel comfortable and welcome. I feel much better when I leave and I love the financing options available. I intend to be a regular because of his excellent treatment.
2	Dr. Drew is a great doctor hands down. And have always had excellent service until I had to cancel our account. We had placed our account on hold because we were going to be gone for the summer. While we were gone circumstances had produced a need to move to another state. So I called the month it was going to begin billing again to request to terminate. The receptionist became very ugly and demanded I sent her proof that we were moving and refused to fax me the form demanding that I come in to complete them.  We were out of town so I couldn't. Before we left I requested that our credit card be removed from the account and to only use our debit. I was told it would be done.  Upon returning home they billed the credit card that was to be terminated. The card went over the limit causing our interest rate to go up. All the while we had another account with The Joint in Scottsdale whom we contacted as well. They had no trouble handling it over the phone and faxing the forms.
5	First time visit. It was super fast and super easy to get started. Dr. Mike fixed me up, educated me, and recommended a program. Will be back for more.
5	I have been living with chronic neck and back pain for over 20 years. Before coming to The Joint and specifically the Camelback location, I was spending hundreds on weekly massages. I decided to incorporate adjustments to see if I could get additional relief. After a month I was able to reduce the massages as I was finding quicker results at a lesser expense. I am able to get in and out quickly, sometimes under 10 mins. the staff greets me by name as soon as I walk in the door. I trust the Doctors enough to also work on my son.
5	Before coming to The joint I had never had an adjustment before. Walked into The joint and felt right at home. Pam at the front desk was really attentive and friendly prior and after me seeing the Chiropractor so I was Immediatly at ease. Dr stewert was amazing, he made me feel like a brand new person afterwards And was very detailed with the service. Needless to say Ill be back and be sure to tell all my friends and family about how great my whole experience was. Cant wait to go backNext week.
5	I've been going to The Joint - Camelback location for over two years.  I really appreciate the inexpensive price for quality chiropractic care.  I like The Joint enough to have referred four co-workers and a close friend.  The fact I've continue to use The Joint's services for over two years should speak well for the fact they provide good quality at an inexpensive price.
5	I have now been coming to The Joint for two years so I thought I would update my review. I gotta say this is a great spot with great staff. I can get in and out super fast so I have no excuse not to go get adjusted. The receptionist, Pamela, is welcoming and provides great service. There are two chiropractic doctors at this location so try them both out to gage your preference.
5	I am a fairly young person to have such back upper back and neck pain. It got so bad I didn't know where to turn. Thank goodness The Joint is open on Sundays. As soon as it opened that Sunday morning, I was there. After seeing Dr. Tom a few times, I was finally starting to feel like my old self. I knew the paint wasn't going to miraculously go away that day, but a few weeks later, I was waking up and not feeling like a 95 year old woman! Now I go just to maintain and adjust some of the work day kinks. True Believer!
5	I have been a patient at the Joint at Norterra, but the DR. there suddenly, and mysteriously disappeared.  I hesitantly went to the Camelback location, because the Dr. that treated me at Norterra was the only Dr. that could adjust me well in many many years of getting Chiropractic care.  To my complete surprise, Dr. Stuart, treated me and was able to get all my adjustments the first time, which is very difficult to do with my spinal history.  I will continue as his patient as long as he will have me, and appreciate his dedication and expertise very much.  Thank You Dr. Stuart.  I have been to many Chiropractors in my time, and would highly recommend Dr. Stuart at the JOINT!
1	I was a patient at the Joint for over a year and was thrilled with the chiropractor, Dr Drew. However, when he left suddenly the new chiropractor ignored my teenager's requests for how he needed to be adjusted and walked out in more pain than he had come in with.Further, when I cancelled his membership for an unrelated reason, they charged me for the month I cancelled (understandable since it was close to the normal billing date), plus another month afterwards. When I complained that they shouldn't be charging me for an additional month my concerns were dismissed out of hand by the person at the desk.
5	The Joint on 16th and Camelback has the best doctor's in the valley.  I have been going to a chiropractor for years and when I moved from Scottsdale to Phoenix, my biggest concern was the time and distance I would have to travel to maintain some stability in my back.  My godson introduced me to The Joint and what a glorious find it was!  They have 3 of the best doctor's I have had in years and the fact that I can limp in and walk out in a matter of minutes, any day of the week, seven days a week is very comforting.  I would encourage anyone who has thought of seeking chiropractic assistance give The Joint on Camelback a try.   The location is easy to get to and the doctors actually listen to you before they put hands on you.  Not always the case - some adjust you according to what they think you need and then ask "how do you feel now?"  Not these doctor's....the patient's input matters.  Now I won't go anywhere else. Affordability is another great feature.  No insurance, which is great because my co-pay is more than what a session costs and signing up for 4 or 6 months saves a lot.  If you are thinking about it, just go.  If you are in need of an adjustment, hustle over.  They have the nicest receptionists greeting you at the door as well....always polite and with a smile.  You start to feel better walking in because of their great customer service skills.
5	I like this location a lot. I went to one in Tempe and they sent me back while the doctor was working with someone else. I felt very strange watching another person get adjusted. This location you are welcome to stay in the waiting room until it is your turn to go back.Dr Stuart is really a great doctor. Normally I am uncomfortable having manual adjustments and prefer getting adjusted with the activator. When I met dr. Stuart however, I felt comfortable and allowed him to do manual adjustment. I am very happy I did in fact I no longer have to drive up to highway 101 and 59th Ave to get adjusted. I have also been having issues with TMJ. Dr. Stuart has been working with it and it's feeling much better.
5	If you are looking for a great adjustment at an affordable rate, this is the place to go!! The doctors here are friendly and give some of the best adjustments! Pam at the front desk knows all the regulars by name and is so pleasant to see ever time I'm in! The facility is very nice and clean. I've also had the pleasure of meeting the owners many times. They are also such wonderful generous people too. You should definitely check this place out!
5	It's nice to have a affordable place. Was nice I was right as rain. Woke up with a nasty kink and after a few days and 2 adjustments I was back on my feet
