4	Pretty reasonablly priced crepe and fondue place.  Had the Flamenkuche at the waitress' recommendation which was a soure creame, cheese, bacon, onion tart which was nice. The chocolate fondue was pretty run of the mill but it had some creme puffs as a dipping options which I liked.   Date liked the cholocate ganache dessert crepe.   $10-$15 per plate.
4	Yodel -Le - He-Ho!!!   Been dying for some food to remind you of the French Alps? Yes? Well I have got a beautiful place for you to try ... a bit of  yumminess right here on Bell rd... Crepes, Tartines and Fondue ..what more could you ask for ? How about an ice cave ? Yes just when you thought that you'd never see an ice cave for comedians and what not ..there it is...  Seriously... right on the Bar side of the restaurant... Okay new place to try kids and it is really tasty. Husband and  I had the Scallop/Mediterre  Savory Crepe which was lovely  and the Jamon Frankekuchen --which translates loosely   "tasty ham / pear pizza with crescent roll crust  " super delicious ... now the shocker was the over hazelnutation of the  sweet  crepe...   wholly  nutella folks  ...too much ... but yet we ate it all. The interior begs for you to take this place seriously as a french /swiss alps restaurant  and to be honest it does remind me of a bistro we ate in Lucerne, Switzerland... , there  really is a fake ice cave ala the matterhorn area of Disneyland ,which the owner plans on using as a stage for comedians ..I am laughing already. There also is a crepe cam  which shows the making of the crepes in the kitchen  and is televised to the bar  area..ah.. neat.   Call me and lets go get a crepe together!!
5	Who would expect to find a delightful restaurant on Bell Road in Glendale that serves the kind of French food one would find in a cafe in France!!!  I specifically say a cafe because that is where the french go for good food and wine at reasonable prices.  La Chalet is that place and I absolutely loved it!!!  The service was low key which I can deal with.  Our questions were answered intelligently!  I have to tell you of my major fax pas that gets worse .  I asked our server what she'd recommend based on who was cooking that day.  She looked at me a bit puzzled and told me that the head chef was preparing the food that day.  He had formulated the menu so she assured me he really enjoyed preparing  all. It gets worse.   I  ordered. la Breton, crepes with egg,  Swiss cheese, rosemary ham, and mushrooms.   She told me the eggs would be served in somewhat of an over easy style, which I find usually is not done to my liking. When it comes to ethnic food I can be most particular.  Rather than take a chance I told her to tell the chef to scramble them lightly and that I promised I wouldn't ask for ketchup to put on them!  My friend had Roquefort and caramelized apples and pecans with a few other things.  I watched when she put in the order and noticed the look she got, I was certain, when she said scrambled.  I was to far away to hear them.  At that point I realized there might be the slightest chance had just insulted the man who formulated the dish in a typically American way.  I needed to have some faith and try the food the way he wanted to prepare it.  With a certain amount of humility, I walked over and told them to do it his way.  Perhaps I have just become jaded and "ye of little faith" when I hear the words authentically prepared".  In this case I was rewarded handsomely for taking the risk.  The crepes were buckwheat and cooked just as thin and light as a cloud, along with the eggs and rosemary ham and mushrooms.   This is french food at it's best!  My friends dish looked and was as wonderful.  With raspberry ice tea which was so tasty in itself, the meal would come to just over $20, less than many common things you can have other  places.  With French or Swiss wine, of course it would be more.  But then again, how many restaurants in Phoenix even serve any Swiss wine.  The coup DE gras was still to come and I didn't know it.  I, personally, am not much of a desert eater.  My diet is 162 pounds and I stay at that weight with a lot of discipline. I have never been much of a chocolate fancier.   My dining companion was determined that we should have chocolate fondue for two, ($16).  I have learned better than to disagree with a determined woman, so order it we did.  When they placed the fondue pot of rich brown Swiss liquid chocolate, surrounded by beautiful red strawberries, ice cream puffs, apples, and brownie pieces, my resolve dissolved in a heartbeat.  Simply just wonderful!  I consider myself fortunate that I can be the first individual to review La Chalet  on Yelp!  It gets the highest of ratings from me because it is what it is, excellently prepared French food at prices that don't give you indigestion when you think of paying the bill later.  So I don't forget, they also offer some very inviting meat dishes to be fried at your table, wrapped crepes, and creative salads as well. I believe I have found a restaurant that I will continue going to until I've have tried everything on the menu at some time.  After today's experience, I can't imagine it isn't going to be a real pleasure not to make repeat trips to la Chalet.   They may have to put an apple in my mouth and roll me out on my side when I have done so but it will have been worth it!
4	This place is getting me to let go somewhat of my perception that Bell Road in Glendale is gastronomically uninspiring. When I think of Bell Road, especially the Glendale stretch, I think of nothing but chain restaurants and steakhouses. I don't know if Le Chalet is an emerging chain, but it's already unique in that they specialize in crepes. Hard to find of great quality in greater Phoenix.My friends and I went on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded. Decor wise, there is a lot of charm. The chefs wear beret-style hats. The dining area, and even the restrooms, have a cobblestone motif. Reminds me a little bit of an old toy store inside Fantasyland at Disneyland though less cheesy (pardon the pun). All the napkins are even bound in cute little cow theme napkin rings. The servers all sport the suspenders one would see on traditional Swiss outfits. The menu is a cheese-lover's dream. Instead of ordering off the appetizers section, we had a regular Swiss cheese fondue for an appetizer. Cheese was just the right degree of sharpness. They bring the little fondue and long forks to the table. You can adjust the heat. Wish I had warmed it up a little more after some time had passed. Every table gets a little sliced tartine (crispy cheese bread) to start as well. After all that cheese, we each had a crepe for an entree. The crepes were folded into perfect squares with crisp edges and the filling and sauce visible in the middle. Also comes with 1/4 cup of salad with a garlic-mustard vinegrette. I had a smoked salmon crepe with lemon and dill cream sauce. I really loved the crispy outside of it. I wish I had tried one of the more exotic crepes. Some you might not be able to finish in one meal because they are filled with ingredients like potatoes and bacon. We split a salted butter caramel crepe for dessert. Heavenly. It's one big, almost paper thin triangle on top of caramel with more caramel drizzled all over. The caramel was a luscious diversion for the palate. It had some almonds that were over-toasted but not a big issue. The staff was pleasant. Next time, I want to try La Potence--what they call "The Hanging Man." A chef wheels out a cart with pieces of filet mignon hanging on a cylinder with little hooks and flambes it tableside over rice pilaf. A chef was demonstrating it to someone as we were getting ready to leave. He was thoughtful in explaining to us as well what he was doing. Can't believe I actually want to go back to that part of Bell Road but it's worth the trip. A great place for groups with its reasonable prices. There were people with their kids. But none of the kids were running around wild. Not surprising if the parents are  willing to do something like  fondue for dinner out with the children. Despite the name fondue, no pretension in the ambience. At the same time, it feels a little classier than say an Applebee's.
4	Le Chalet has become a breath of fresh air for the Glendale/Arrowhead area, maybe even for the entire valley itself.  Such a different concept that seems to be working very well so far.   Beautifully decorated on the inside with no corners cut and great attention to detail.  Feels as if you are entering into a little French village as the doors close behind you.  There are many different crepes to choose from.  I suggest asking the server what some of the best sellers are and go from there.  Service has been exceptional each time I have visited and they even wear appropriate attire with suppenders to keep with the authenticity.While dining you'll see behind the bar two tv's that are fixated on the area where the crepes are made.  Kind of fun to see if they are making what you have ordered and exciting to see how they are prepared.  Never seen anything like this before.Before you leave you must try either the chocolate or caramel fondue for dessert.  Quite a treat that is served with apples, strawberries, brownie chunks, and cream puffs.  It is so good that it may just make you yodel on your way out from this restaurant.
3	Ken loves fondue. Some of you may even remember his birthday party at the Melting Pot, a restaurant which turned out to be a huge disappointment, and is now, fortunately, closed. So when I read about Le Chalet, a crepe and fondue place in Glendale, I knew we'd be going.     I want to apologize in advance for the tone of this review, and even urge you to visit Le Chalet despite my reservations, particularly since we tried only one dish. I really don't know what it was about the place that made me so crabby. So, with that caveat, here goes.     The place is cute, in a kitschy French/Swiss village-y kind of way. Dark wood and stuccoed white walls with lots of appropriate photos and posters. But I had the feeling that the whole thing, except the show kitchen, was done on a shoe-string budget. The silverware and plates were low end, but a cloth napkin was provided. The sink in the ladies room was supposed to look like it was carved out of a chunk of rock, but it was a laughable fake. I think perhaps the owners tried too hard.     We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue ($17.50), one of the more expensive items on the menu. I had read that it was enough for two, and indeed it was. Before it came to the table we were given a complimentary tartine, basically a slice of toasted bread with some tasty cheese melted on top. This is served to every table, and it struck me as an odd choice since so many of the things on the menu involve bread and cheese. The fondue arrived in a timely manner, along with a bowl of bread cubes. Unhappily, the bread was refrigerator cold, which meant it had been cubed and stored beforehand. This took all the crispness out of the crust - it was really undistinguished bread. The fondue was delicious, redolent of wine and Kirsch. I don't know why, but the cheese was extremely chewy - at least that forced us to eat very, very slowly. My biggest complaint is that fondue by itself is a very one-dimensional meal. While you can purchase a side salad, it seemed to me that for the price it should be included with the fondue. My final grump is that our water glasses were never refilled.     I'll repeat that this is a place you should experience for yourselves.  There's beef ($22.75) and chicken ($18.75) fondues, and a specialty dish called "La Potence" ($24) which is a 10 ounce beef tenderloin flambeed tableside by the chef. The savory crepes are much less expensive, averaging about $10. One has roquefort cheese, caramelized apples and walnuts. Another has sliced sauteed potatoes with onions and bacon topped with melted Raclette cheese. Some entree salads are served in a savory crepe shell ($11.50). Simple sweet crepes average about $3.75, and there are more complex ones like Crepe Ultimate Chocolate ($8.25) with chocolate brownie, chocolate ice cream, chocolate ganache and chocolate powder. We actually were so full from our rich cheese fondue that we passed on dessert.     Maybe if I start with a dessert crepe next time I won't be so grumpy.
5	RACLETTE!!!!!  OHHHHHHHH sweet sweet raclette, how I love thee.This place has raclette, and it serves it in the old-school way.  Big wheel o' cheese, stuck on some stakes and melting all over meats, potatoes, and cornichons.  AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!I tried their savory crepes, I tried the dessert crepes, and I can't wait to come back for some chocolate fondue and more raclette.  And maybe some tartiflette.  Holy crap am I happy I discovered this place.***They also have the calories listed next to about a dozen entrees, pretty cool!
3	I would totally recommend this place but not on a meal-eating holiday such as mothers' day. Our reservation was for 1 p.m. and we were not seated until after 1:30. They were polite and apologetic - however, offering some sort of a complimentary snack to tide us over might have helped to take the edge off! (The rose for mom was appreciated.) When we were seated, we were in the bar area which featured a guitar-playing vocalist who played covers from the Eagles to the Beatles. He had a great voice! They have hoegaarden on tap and which we promptly ordered directly from the bartender while we waited for our server to acknowledge our arrival. Immediately upon being greeted we placed an order for an appetizer (roquerfort flammenkuche - more like a pizza than tart with sour cream, pears and blue cheese) and a tartin which was an open faced grilled brie and caramelized onion sandwich, to share as an appetizer. Both were good; although, I think canned pears were used on the flammenkuche. I would return for the tartin alone! So, Le Chalet is a fondue or crepe place. We went with crepe. Mine was creamed mushrooms, rosemary ham and swiss with a sunnyside up egg on it. Acceptable but not memorable. As if that wasn't enough food -- we are a family of eating champions -- we got chocolate fondue for dessert. The fondue was a disappointment. While the brownies were moist and cake-like and the cream puffs were a popular dipping option, the chocolate was not hot. At all. It was served in a carafe and it was melted (liquid) but it was not hot. While I might be convinced to give them four stars if I lived closer and was able to dine there for a non-freakishly-crowded meal, I'm gonna go with three because I would definitely go back if I was in the area but may not make the drive for cold fondue.
5	1st time here. Impressed with the food. Yummy and tasty. Crepe was very good. We had one with salmon. Ok I am a salmon slut do if it's good I will love it. This did not disappoint. Also had flammenkuchen. Wonderful. KiD of like a white pizza with better crust. Didn't try the fondue cause I am not a fan, but will come back with friends so hubby try. Give it a try was nice. Oh yeah they also had a singer which was very pleasant surprise. Nice atmosphere
4	If you like good quality cheeses and chocolates then you won't be disappointed with Le Chalet. We started off with the Swiss Raclette. This is a large wheel of Raclette cheese that is heated at your table by a chef. As told to us by the chef the City of Glendale would not allow individual cheese heaters at the tables so they have one big cart that they wheel to your table with the heat melting the large wheel of Raclette cheese. They scoop off the melted cheese and add cracked black pepper. You then are given steamed fingerling potatoes, pickles and onions to dip or mix in the cheese. He informed us they import the cheese from Switzerland. They also have a dish that gives you cold cuts in addition to the potatoes, onions and pickles. Next we had the "La Potence" another item made at your table. Filet Mignon flamed with alcohol.   The drippings from the meat land on wild rice at the bottom of the apparatus. The apparatus that the meat is on looks like some type of medieval torture device. La Potence is one of the house specialties and was very good. We ended up having the chocolate fondue for dessert. Excellent quality Swiss chocolate. You'll never have the Melting Pot chocolate after having this. Chocolate fondue comes with strawberries, brownie bites, apples and cream puffs.   Next time I will try some of the crepes.
5	Crepes to DIE for.  YUM YUM YUM!  We only stopped by for desert.  OMG!  The choclate ganache and carmel fondue was ooouber good.  No words to describe it.  It was so good and we had a fun time talking.   Love the atompshere too!  The rocks on the walls, the decor, the feel of the place.  Loved it.  Need to try dinner here next time!
5	It was soooo good!  The meat dish was delicious and the desseert crepes were yummy!
5	I spotted Le Chalet on my way to a meeting in Glendale, and since we were in the neighborhood tonight we thought we would give it a try for dessert. This restaurant is a great find! Not only does it have  great decor, but a fabulous menu! Although we only tried dessert, okay two desserts, we planned our return visits before we even ordered! The best seat in the house is at the "crepe bar." It was fabulous! We got to watch everything being made, and learn a lot about the process of the meal preparation. Everything that passed by us looked amazing! Even the coffee was amazing, and not just because each of us got our own French Press. I really would like to thank Kyle, the Sous chef, and Emily, who was making the crepes, they made us feel like we were old friends. (that goes for the whole staff, but I have a horrible memory when it comes to names)Looking forward to going back to try some of the savory items on the menu! Although, I don't think I will be able to pass up a dessert with their salted caramel sauce...
5	I feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal PETA preaching.. Hey Denice you gonna give Aj's 1 star? How about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up Duck Liver.. The food at Le Chalet is topps, unpretentious service, and the BEST DUCK LIVER on the Planet! They have their own cages in the back I think, where they beat the bird to order, so it can be a little more fresh! Denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the World, if you have ever eaten out, and eaten a chicken, an egg, or god forbid a hamburger..
4	A nice place to take a date or the wife for a little romance. Women just melt for fondue you know.  French and Swiss cuisine. They place has nice small appetizers and boatloads of crepes either for dinner or dessert.  My only knock is the price. You know that there really isn't anything to making a crepe or fondue but places like this jack up the price just because it is French. C'mon people, it is basically either just an egg or cheese.  I would also like to chime in on Denise's review. C'mon knocking a French place because they have foie gras is stupid. You might as well write a bad review about every French restaurant on the planet.
5	What great place for coffee and desserts. The caramel fondue was so delicious, and couldn't get enough of the chocolate ganache crepe.  The restaurant is set as you are in the Swiss Alp.  The bathroom continues with the theme.  The service was excellent.  I think that the owner must love moo moo's. I need to go back to try the dinner menu.
4	I went with a group of 10 and was impressed with the inviting interior and friendly staff as soon as I entered.  I have a favorite creperie in Canada and was excited to see if Le Chalet could be my home away from home.  I was disappointed that there was no french onion soup or salad starter on the menu, but with all the other cheese options I could see why.  I began with the smoked salmon appetizer which was served with side salad, buckwheat crepe and a dill sauce.  It was delicious!  The crepe had a sweet taste that complimented the tang of the dill and the salmon was smooth and delicate.   However, I must say, I waited a long time from the when I sat down until I actually ate something.  I was famished.  I felt for the others in the group that hadn't ordered a starter because I'm guessing they waited an hour and a half before they saw their meal.   My main course was the potato, onion, bacon, roclette cheese crepe.  It was disappointing as I like my bacon crispy and the crepe was overcooked to the point where it was chewy and I could barely cut it with a knife.   It was accompanied by the same side salad as the smoked salmon.   I sampled the 'La Potence' which is their featured dish and the beef was superb and the portion was huge.  The dessert crepes looked awesome and by the groans of pleasure I heard, were fantastic.   I recommend this restaurant and will try it again.
3	My Hubby & I have never had French cuisine before, so when I saw that Groupon was running a deal for Le Chalet I said why not!? We got there around 8pm on a Friday. There were only like 5 other parties, but I guess there was another side to the restaurant so maybe there were a few more over there. The tables & chairs were...interesting. We sat at a high top table & I found the chairs a little uncomfortable. I did love the sinks in the bathroom though! But the fact that they only have one restroom made a line for the ladies, ugh. We started off with the swiss cheese fondue. It was so creamy & delicious! But I wish it came with more than just bread, like veggies & apples you get at the Melting Pot. We decided to get some drinks as well. Hubs got his usual, bud light. I wanted to try one of their cocktails so I got the Casablanca. It was a raspberry & cherry combo that sounded tasty...but it was so disgusting! It had an aftertaste of rubbing alcohol. I couldn't even take more than a couple sips so my Hubby took one for the team & downed it for me. So not worth $10! For the main course, through the recommendation of my cousin Amy, we got the La Potence aka the hanging man. We both agreed it was pretty damn cool, the chef comes out & cooks the meat right in front of you. It's beef tenderloin (enough for 2) cooked over wild rice flambeed with whiskey. It also comes with a few dipping sauces & parsley butter for the rice. The meat was nice & tender & the rice had good flavor. I can't remember the names of the sauces but our favs were the 2 closest to the left, a peachy colored one & one with some kind of herb in it. Sorry, I have the worst memory sometimes!For dessert I was tempted to get the chocolate or caramel fondue, but we were getting pretty stuffed, so I got a salted butter caramel with chocolate crepe instead. It was a little cold by the time it got out to me. I think I would have enjoyed it more & ate more if it was a little warmer. The caramel was pretty amazing but I don't know, I don't think I'm a crepe person, it was just an ok dessert for me. Overall, I'm glad we tried something different but I don't think we will be back. It was pretty good food but it was expensive! Even with my $20 Groupon our bill was still over $50, just not worth it to be honest.
4	What a nice change from the ordinary!  The atmosphere is casual/comfortable, yet almost genteel (that's a silly word I regrettably can't think of a better substitute for).  Our table ordered the raclette and la potence referenced so often in other reviews.  Tip - remove all the la potence filet pieces from the hot skewers right after it's served to keep it a perfect medium rare.  It'll get overcooked if you leave it.  The filet was so tender and very flavorful, though either the accompanying rice or the herb butter I put in it  tasted of burned garlic.  Ick.  The cheese toast that's served when you sit down is good, but personally I'd rather save room for the better things to come.  Like the apple crepes with salted caramel sauce.  I thought they were kidding when they said I'd want to lick the plate, but darn it if I didn't think seriously about it when that last bite was gone.  We didn't have the kids in tow, but I do think they'd love this place.  It isn't fussy, the food is familiar enough and the presentation would be pretty entertaining for them.Le Chalet is not only a really nice addition to the NW Valley, but worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley if you're looking for something different from our usual offerings that's also really, really good and won't break the bank.
3	My husband and I decided to check out this restaurant after reading yelp-er Terry T's review. I  enjoyed my meal, but, to be honest,  I  was left a little underwhelmed.  Soon I'll be the only one in Phoenix who feels this way because come August, Le Chalet has been selected as one of Phoenix top new restaurants by Phoenix Magazine. First things first: Can someone explain why Le Chalet's dinner crepes are made out of whole wheat (or something that looks dark and grainy) versus a traditional crepe?  Is this the traditional way crepes are served?Now to the experience of eating at Le Chalet.   We visited on a Saturday night around 7pm. I t was busy but they were able to seat us immediately.  The service was slow, but the hostess was on top of things and took our drink order. I would say the best part of my night was the Swiss Kiss Martin (chocolate and strawberry creme and vodka). Of course, that spurred a conversation between the difference of a Swiss Kiss and a French Kiss..... but,  I digress....For our main course I ordered  a grilled chicken salad which was served with 4 crepes around the plate (kind of like slices of bread). The grilled chicken salad was wonderful, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband ordered a Ratatouille stuffed crepe with goat cheese. "Stuffed" may have been a misnomer. The filling was light ( as in not a lot) and only folded into the middle of the crepe, which left most of the crepe hanging out there on its own. There was a huge helping of grilled goat cheese on top, which Ross found overpowering.  I took half of it and put it in my salad.   His crepe was the wholegrain version which gave for an overpowering flavor. The dessert crepes looked FABULOUS! And maybe this is where Le Chalet really redeems themselves. Unfortunately, I'll need to look forward to another visit to try them out.If you've been thinking about trying Le Chalet, do it quick, because I suspect it will be hard to get in once Phoenix Magazine releases it's Best Of edition.
3	Went there tonight for dinner and I am kinda on the fence. I have never had food like this so it was all new to me. we ordered the flammenkuchen and it was good but I am not a big cheese fan so that threw me off a bit but the rest of the table devoured it and raved about how amazing it was. we all ordered crepes I had the one with bacon potato and onions, the rest had a 4 cheese one, the ratatouille and the one with scallops. the rest of the table ate every bite of their crepes but I had just a quarter of mine. I think its just not for me but I am sure it is quite good by the reviews here and my other table mates. we finished with the chocolate fondue it was OK it came with apples strawberries brownie bites and cream puffs good but not earth shattering. I am sure my friends will run back but I think I will stay behind next time.
5	Awesome place! Can't wait to go back.  Service was wonderful, food was soooo good.
5	Had been trying to try this place since it was highly reviewed in the Az. Republic several months ago.  I thought it would be best to go in the fall/winter when it would be cooler and more in keeping with fondue and raclette.  Finally did it today which was certainly not cool.  Boy! Am I glad we did.  Went there with my wife and myself as well as my son and his girlfriend.  We found the food choices to be quite extensive.  We ordered French Fondue and Swiss Raclette.  The fondue came first and the four of us enjoyed it very much.  Whether by accident or not, just as we had finished the fondue, the raclette came out.  This was much better than getting both dishes served at the same time.  Don't know if that's the way the restaurant planned it but if not, they should give some thought to doing it that way so the fondue can be enjoyed and then the raclette instead of serving both at the same time and the two dishes( and tastes) competeing with each other.  Both dishes were superb.Afterward we had crepes.....o ne was chocolate and banana.  The other was ultimate chocolate.  Both crepes were enough for two and were thoroughly enjoyable.Would thoroughly recommend Le Chalet at any time of year.  Only regret is that I waited so long.
1	When Le Chalet first opened, I did have something akin to high hopes for the place.  It had a nice, somewhat eclectic, look.  The concept was novel, especially for what I'd seen of Glendale.  I thought it might be a hit.Well, after a handful of visits there, I can say that my hopes are thoroughly dashed.  The worst part is that it's not even the food that's the major flaw.  Crepes are hard to make.  The fact that they are competent at it here (while also being on camera), points to a skilled kitchen staff.The problem is that the front of the house staff is so wildly incompetent that the thought of going here makes me cringe.  The majority of the servers have been sullen and wholly uninterested in dealing with customers.  The lone light in this grumpy morass was a charming server who was on her very first day there.  I hope they don't abuse the friendliness out of her.The coupe-de-grace for me was the last visit there when it took them at least ten minutes to run my bill.  Without a word of apology or recompense for the annoyance at having to wait long after the rest of my group had left.  It seemed like the manager who was trying to resolve this was wholly untrained in not only how to use the register system, but customer service as well.Nope, won't be returning here any time soon.
5	I would eat here everyday if I could!  This is the best place I have eaten in Phoenix and I have lived here 5 years and eaten EVERYWHERE.
4	It is so hard to find a unique and fun restaurant on the west side of town. After getting a few recommendations from foodie friends, I suggested to my husband that we give Le Chalet a try. The reason why I can not give this restaurant 5 stars was because of the lackluster server we initially had. I feel the experience could have been a 5 star situation if we were assisted more in our menu selection and education. As a former server, I am very critical of service in a restaurant and if the first thing a customer says is "We've never been here, we need you to help us through this," I expect to be their guide. Unfortunately, our gal didn't bat an eye as we mispronounced items, didn't explain anything we asked for understanding on or even make suggestions when we stated what we liked. For example, we wanted to know what the difference was between the appetizer "pizza" Flammenkuchin with bacon, cheese and potatoes and the crepe with meat, cheese and potato. They both sounded to be about the same thing. Our server just said "The crepe is buckwheat. Its different." Well, when my husband got his crepe, it was basically the same thing taste-wise. It was cheese and potatoes and ham (I think). We initially wanted to try the fondue, but weren't sure on the portion sizes of everything and asked as we ordered if we should try that too. She said that we had a lot already and we didn't need the fondue. But after seeing the customers near us having this elaborate set up where a half wheel of cheese was brought out and melted under a fire and scraped off onto the customer's plates, we were sad we didn't know this was the "fondue." We thought it was like Melting Pot where you just dip sticks of bread in a vat of melted cheese. After getting our cheese and potato "pizza" (flat, crackery bread) our server announced she was leaving and a much more charismatic male server took over our table. He was much more energetic about waiting on us and my husband looked at me and said he was feeling really discouraged until the new guy came along. A male manager (I think) noticed us oohing and ahhing at the table near us getting the melted cheese and came over to explain what was happening. I was in the mood for red meat, so I ordered the La Potence and LOVED it. The owner/chef came out to prepare it for us. He poured a liquor concoction over the pieces of filet which were searing on prongs connected to this metal tube that he said was insanely hot. The drippings went into this fantastic rice mixture. I also had a variety of dipping sauces to put the meat in and the tarter sauce was my favorite. The fact that the whole time the chef explained what he was doing he did it with a French accent made it just that much more enjoyable. ;)My husband had a hard time enjoying his buckwheat crepe since it tasted pretty much like the appetizer we had earlier. Still not sure why the crepes are buckwheat, either?Husband ordered a Hoegarden beer in "das boot." and loved it. We were too stuffed for dessert. But, now that we know about the other options, such as the melted cheese wheel, the fun bar area and happy hours, we'll try it out again and bring friends.
3	I am still in love their buckwheat crepes but after celebrating my birthday here with a few friends my love for the restaurant has declined.  I was very surprised and a little PO'd that they did not offer me a dessert for my birthday!  Practically every restaurant in the valley offers a birthday treat no matter how small it is. The service at Le Chalet has been on a steady decline in the past few months and I hope they can turn it around.  My advice: Celebrate your birthday at Pappadeux instead they have AWESOME birthday desserts!
4	This was my first encounter with a  Crepe.  This is truly something I could eat everyday, even on Calorie Counting!!  Start with Savory and end with the Sweet!    We sat on the side with the bar, and there was  TV on showing them making the crepes in the kitchen.  It is my understanding that Crepe's must be made with buckwheat, and they didnt skip that detail here.  YUMMY, I seriously want to eat here every day.
5	Wowser's! Finally a fantastic place to eat in Glendale at La Chalet! We had an amazing dinning experience here Sunday.  After reading some of the Yelp reviews, I bookmarked this place as a "must try" and I'm so glad I did!We walked in and immediately noticed how cute and quaint this restaurant was decorated.   There are two sections on the restaurant, a dining room area for families and the other a "bar and lounge" area that has a warm ambiance.  Since this trip was a family adventure we were seated right next to the Ice Cave, where my son could watch the TV's in the bar area, making the crepes, which was very was very cool.  They have very entertaining "French" signs and posters on the walls.  They also offer entertainment some nights and have special entertainers scheduled for reservations. Appetizer: Traditional Flammenkuchen ~ "Oven roasted tart with sour cream, swiss cheese, bacon and onion".  It looked like a pizza at first, but don't be fooled! The flavor and texture get you quickly. The crispy "tart" and unique flavor of the dough itself is enough to party with the sour cream love affair your mouth is having.  Meal: Berg ere crepe (ratatouille with goat cheese melted on top), Roquefort crepe (melted blue cheese topped with caramelized apples and crumbled walnuts), and a Roasted Chicken Salad (roasted chicken on a bed of mixed greens, cheeses and a delightful vinaigrette dressing).  They have a decent wine list, great selection of Swiss imported ails to try and a full bar. Desert:  Chocolate Fondue ~ it was fun and entertaining with the kiddo!  It wasn't too hot and they provide a lot of strawberries, apples, pastry puffs and chocolate brownie wedges for you to dip into the chocolaty goodness!  Service:  Was FANTASTIC!  Our server was able to give us just enough suggestions based on our like/dislikes.  We had the Groupon deal so it made our meal was very inexpensive.  Everything was fresh and fantastic and most of their crepes are gluten free.  We can't wait to go back and try something different.
4	Great place to visit, it was my 1st time and had no idea of what this food consisted of. We ignorantly asked our waiter (who was great) what to order and how to eat it; he explained it perfectly and expected out rookieness.Great pace to visit and great enviroment
5	I love crepes !!! There aren't many places here in Phoenix that you can get a decent treat like at this place, Le Chalet.  I have been here a few times, the food is, overall, delicious. The ambience can use a little improvement. Perhaps, it needs a little fresh touch of modern comtemporary decors to "mix" it up a little. Let's talk food...I am more of the desert-type of crepes, so I enjoyed the Nutella Crepe (Yummiest!). The Lemon sugar crepe is also be craved for. I am yet to try the fondu...but it's the top on my list to try, next visit. I had tried other main-dish crepes (for dinner and lunch), in which they are all good with a nice twist. I recomended Salmon (I know!) crepe - don't let the "salmon" fools you. It's worth trying...and for some people, it's rather addicting. This place deserves a bit more publicity to get more business. As for me, Le Chalet deserves two thumbs up !!!
4	We went to Le Chalet for dinner for my wife's birthday.  We got a standard cheese fondue and a steak fondue for dinner.  The cheese fondue was amazing!!  The beef fondue was good, but probably not something we'd get again.  The wine selection was excellent.  For dessert we had a couple of crepes, the lemon sugar and the salted caramel.  Both were good, but the salted caramel was great!  We would definitely go back!
4	Looking for a new place to eat, we stumbled across Le Chalet this afternoon.  My boyfriend has read about it and made a mental note to try it.  We got there about 4 o'clock and were the only table.  The staff was so nice that I hoped a good review would help their business a little- as it turned out, they have many positive reviews!  We started with the Traditional Flammenkuchen- a recommendation from our server.  omg. I could eat this once a day for the rest of my life and die happy. They describe it as an oven-roasted tart with sour cream, bacon, seared onion, and Swiss cheese. Don't miss it. Tried a little wine and decided to go with the Matterhorn salad in a crepe shell (I'm going to try and attach a picture).  The tomato was cut like the shape of a rose, very cool. Best thing- 202 calories!  Being that I'm CONSTANTLY attempting to diet, their low-calorie menu was great.  Only complaint is that the prosciutto was cut into such large pieces, that it made it slightly difficult to eat in a salad.  I don't know about you, but cutting prosciutto in a salad bowl is not the easiest task.  All in all, we really enjoyed it and can't wait to go back.  We left the to-go container on the table and they even ran it out to us.  Very nice.
4	Delicious!  The Buckwheat crapes filled with mushrooms, ham egg, and cheese are delicious. If anything at all, absolutely do not miss the salt caramel and chocolate crape!  It is so good you will slap your mama and wonder where your Grams is!
5	Ok, if you judge a Vietnamese restaurant based on the number of people from that culture who patronize the establishment, why not apply the same principle to other places?Strangely enough, you CAN judge Le Chalet by the same standards. No joke, last night there were people sitting at the bar conversing in French, and an entire large family came in chatting happily away, again in French. I definitely take those things as a good sign. In fact, the chef himself was French. Clearly, something good is going on there.Can I just say, yum? I've never been to a French restaurant, so this was a completely new experience for me. Their menu offers an assortment of crepes, wraps, salads, and fondue. I ordered the Mont St. Michel wrap, which was smoked salmon, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and this great dill spread. It came with a small salad dressed in a lovely honey mustard vinaigrette. It was fantastic! Fresh and complex tasting. I enjoyed every bite. I also ordered the ratatouille and shared with my friend. It was delicious as well.For dessert, I ordered the salted caramel crepe. AH-MAY-ZING! It had toasted almonds and fresh whipped cream. If it was socially acceptable, I would have licked the plate clean. So good!Our waiter was Scotty, blissfully unpretentious, refusing to affect a French pronunciation of anything, and overall affable. He did a great job. A great experience! I know where my birthday dinner's going to be...
4	Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
5	What a great family owned, non-corporate restaurant.  We have visited this establishment many times and the food is always fresh, delicious and unique.  Sarah provides the greatest service, we appreciate it very much.  It is a wonderful experience - and to top off a great meal with yummy wine - a fantastic dessert!!  Try something different, you won't regret it!
2	Maybe I'm missing something.  My mom, who is visiting, and I went here for lunch today after she had found a few creperies online.  We have had plenty of crepes from different types of places and these were not what we wanted at all!  I ordered the Matterhorn which was more like a taco salad since it was in a crispy bowl-shaped crepe.  This is what I chose because it has proscuitto.  But I was so grossed out by it after a few bites.  It came with the proscuitto laid out in slices on top of the salad.  Even the steak-type knife they gave me would not cut through it.  My mom was half finished with her lunch by the time I got so frustrated that I had to pull it apart with my fingers.  I love proscuitto on sandwiches but I was incredibly skeeved out by how slimy it was and I ended up almost gagging a few times.  It tasted just fine, but the sliminess of the meat and the fact that I couldn't chew through the fat after already swallowing the lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese grossed me out to the core!  My mom ordered one of the crepes with mushrooms, swiss cheese, and ham.  She is a huge fan of crepes and she thought hers was a bit flavorless.  We were also not impressed with the not-so-fluffy crepes that were made out of buckwheat!  Ick!  I walked in with high hopes because the actual interior looked like a chalet and I felt like I was on a bit of a trip to France.  There were even TVs that apparently show the kitchen so you can watch the chef...but they weren't even turned on until right before we left.  :(They do serve fondue as well and I might go back to try it and give this place another try...but I am NOT getting any variety of crepe again.  We forgoed the desserts because we were not happy with our meal and wanted to get desserts from elsewhere.  So, I'll have to maybe try one of their desserts on my possibly return trip.
3	Hummm? I'm torn on this place. It is cute decor with okay service. I took 5 people here for lunch and they loved it. I felt it was okay, but my crepe was over cooked. I don't know if the crepe was cooked fresh, but I doubt it. I will try it again, but I'm not optimistic about the outcome.
5	My wife and I were looking for just a simple cafe to stop by and have a quick sandwich or something at last night when we came upon this gem. We recently bought a house in Glendale, and good restaurants are in high need! When we walked in we could tell this was not a "cafe"-but it so so unique we decided to stay and eat anyway! Our server was super sweet and explained everything on the menu for us (my wife is a vegetarian). We ordered the 4 cheese crepe, a cheese fondue, and the chocolate fondue dessert and all three were absolutely divine. What I really appreciated from our server was that when we asked about serving size she told us how much we could realistically eat rather than just letting us order blindly. That is good service! The food was wonderful, but if you go to this place for nothing more than the decor you should be happy! This place made me glad I live in Glendale!
5	The absolutely most delicious restaurant I've been to in a while. It serves some blend of Swiss & French cuisine, and has cheese on pretty much EVERYTHING! I suppose it would have limited options for the lactose intolerant... but for everyone else it's a must!The service was great, though a tiny bit on the slow side. Our waiter was beyond helpful and friendly. The atmosphere was very European and welcoming. We had a cheese fondue, savory crepe, and chocolate fondue. If I had more room in my stomach I would have kept going! Our waiter boxed up everything we couldn't finish--including the chocolate fondue. She even added a few extras to our takeout box!There is a full bar in a separate area that apparently has live music on some nights. Can't wait to go back and check it out!
1	Update: The owner continues to email me thinking I am creating bad reviews. They just received another and I received another email from this loon ball! Here is what he said. Why did you come back."You didn't like us the first time. Which I still have your experience on tape. So why did you came back???.You are telling me you have the exact same experience of the last time. If it is true we are sorry that it had happenned again."My question is...if you tape all your guests then you will know I have not been back! So annoying! This also leads me to believe that if he thinks I am doing this then he is more than likely creating all of these great reviews. Do not go here people. Spend your hard earned money at a local place that works hard at creating a beautiful meal and appreciates your time and money. Orig review:Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars .... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around!
5	Awesome ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food. My friend landed a groupon for Le Chalet so we went to check it out.Ordered the Pate de Campagne and the Traditional Flammenkuchen as appetizers. We were immediately impressed! The pate was perfection, very creamy and not too fatty, accompanied by crisp bread. The flammenkuchen was like a pizza without red sauce, covered in cheese with some hidden onions and bacon. SO GOOD.We followed this up with the Swiss Cheese Fondue. This came with french bread squares (you can have toased, we did) and apples. The fondue was by far the best I have had in a restaurant, the perfect combination of it's ingredients. We invested all of our energy into consuming every last drip of the fondue. I would like to say that we spent some time eating some other entrees, but as soon as we saw someone else getting dessert... we couldn't help ourselves.We ordered the Nutella Crepe, Lemon and Sugar Crepe, and Carmel Fondue. This was no easy decision, as you will understand when you see their dessert menu. Luckily for us, I don't think that it much mattered what we would have ordered, as I felt that it was a sure bet that everything would hav been equally as delicious. We watched them make our crepes on closed-circuit tv. Then, we faught over every last bite of each desert, and I would have gladly bathed in the Carmel Fondue. I ordered a decaf coffee during dessert and it came in a single serving french press, also. How cool is that?!Le Chalet will soon be seeing us on a regular basis. Guaranteed. There are about 10-13 more deserts that I will need to conquer and the list of Meat Specialties will certainly require some of my attention as well (the presentation of the La Potence was very intriguing)!
4	This has been my 2nd visit to Le Chalet. I recently puchased a Groupon for this restaurant and my husband and I went for dinner to give this restaurant another try. Our first visit was enjoyable and we had tried the fondue and the meat special. At this 2nd visit we ordered crepes which we very much enjoyed. The quality of food is good and the service is friendly. Nice place for a casual dinner or lunch.
5	"OMG" Le Chalet was fabioso... Entertainment, Great clean comedy for a Sunday evening. Food, sooooo delicious. Service was great!  Price, we split between a party of 6. Bottle of wine , 3 desserts, 6 meals and our ice teas. 27.50 a piece. Not bad definitely awarded Analynn's :) Great girls night out! Thanks ladies and to Le Chalet!. If you decide to give it a try you have to try a Crepe. One more thing; you get to watch the chef on a big screen TV prepare your meal. I have down loaded a few pictures hopefully they go through.
4	Mostly rave reviews on Yelp led me to Le Chalet, a unique little indie restaurant amid the strip malls and Super Targets of the West Valley.Despite the fifty-some-odd write-ups, I wasn't sure what to expect. I read something about an ice cave, live comedy, hanging man meat, and surveillance cameras, but despite these oddities what drew me in was the promise of expertly crafted crepes and the opportunity to see the chefs do their stuff on a closed circuit TV.Le Chalet did not disappoint. Sit in the front dining area to view the chefs at work in the open kitchen, or take a seat in the dining area by the bar where two flat screens showcase the action at the crepe griddles. The Bretonne crepe with ham, mushrooms, Swiss cheese, and a sunny-side up egg was superb, and I can't wait to go back and try the La Landaise, blinis topped with seared fois gras, apple, and balsamic glaze.I also tried La Potence (the "hanging man"), filet medallions served on a medieval looking mace, seared tableside with bourbon and served with a pineapple slice, rice, and some mayo-based dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyable, but next time I would opt instead for a cheese fondue or the melted Raclette plate with cured meats, which looked delicious.The ambiance seemed a bit strange to me, but homey and comfortable. And yes, there is a sculpted ice cave for performances, The night I attended was slated for "clean comedy" and I made it a point to get out of there despite some morbid curiosity (I'm not an amateur comedy fan, and the idea of family-friendly comedy made me even more anxious).The handsome server was very attentive and knowledgeable, and I loved the half-carafe option when ordering wine. I wouldn't classify Le Chalet as a "fondue place", where the experience often outshines the food; it's more of a casual cozy spot that serves up thoughtfully prepared comfort cuisine - all the ingredients for a lovely dinner out.
4	Okay i am really really close to giving this place 5 stars. The staff was very friendly when we walked in. We were met with a smile and promptly seated where we can watch them make our crepes (via tv). The whole decor of the place was like being in the alps. I loved the whole look and feel of the place. Nothing was out of the ordinary at all, they definitely knew what they wanted when building/designing it. I did not go here for the dessert or the fondue (but we want to come back and try just that, and if thats good then it will def move up to 5 stars). We both had savory crepes, which btw were delicious. It is a little pricey but the portion sizes are large here so nothing too much to worry about. I got the Fermiere (sp?) savory crepe, it was chicken, sauteed onions, swiss cheese, and cream of mushroom. Wow this was really great, first off read the ingredients of course its going to be delicious. The cheese is "freshly" imported from switzerland (i think thats where the server said).  The cheese was full and flavorful. I loved the crepe very much, great complimenting flavors. The other dish we got was the Mont St. Michel, which is salmon, lemon, dill sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. This was a cold served crepe and was equally as delicious as my fermiere. What i really liked about this place was the proteins in the plate. You can simply taste the quality and freshness of each. The salmon was perfectly smoked, not over powering and still moist and not discolored. The chicken was obviously grilled chicken breast, you could taste the char from the grill on the chicken which i think is AWESOME!To wrap it up i left content with what i had to eat...the neighboring table had a meat dish which was cooked with burning burboun (i think it was burboun). i forget the name but the waitress said it was their "signature dish" so it must be good...smelled amazing..also on my list of things to try as i WILL be back here to try again.
3	Fondue always seems like a great idea.  I like cheese, I like cheese melted.  Melted cheese tastes good etc.For a change we decided not to go to Melting Pot.  (Thereby already saving close to 50% off of our dinner bill).  Le Chalet had been written up before and had gotten good reviews so we packed a snack and headed out to the West Side.  For a starter we ordered classic swiss fondue, for one person.  Trust me, a one person order for four people is more than enough.  Everyone next ordered crepes for dinner.  The crepes were good.  Light and thin with a golden brown (buckwheat? flour).  The fillings were good and of course filled with cheese.  The crepes come with a little side salad dressed with a mustard vinagrette.  By the time I was done with the fondue and crepe I was ready to chow down on a ginormous salad if I could to feel less guilty.  Dessert consisted of two (we were feeling especially greedy that night) dessert fondues.  A classic chocolate ganache and a salted caramel.  If you get dessert, stick with the chocolate.  Both fondues came with cream puffs, strawberries, apples and brownie bites.  The salated caramel had no hint of salt and instead tasted more of a butter toffee.  It was good but much too sweet, it also had a slightly separated look where the butter was starting to separate out.  Overall, a good experience but I'm actually cheesed out for a while.  (A phrase I never thought I'd actually say).
4	I felt as though I walked off of 59th Ave. and Bell Rd. and into the Matterhorn ride at Disneyland as I came through the doors of Le Chalet. I think the decor is a little kitschy, but the food more than made up for the faux French/Swiss castle look. My boyfriend's mom and I split the Swiss Cheese Fondue with apple slices and baguette as an appetizer. It is advertised as a main dish, but it was perfect for a starter as well. Be careful with the adjustable flame on the fondue pot: we ended us burning some of the cheese to the bottom of the pan because we wanted the cheese to be more melty.We split the La Potence for the main dish. We opted out of the extra 8 oz tenderloin, and I am happy we did because the Swiss Cheese Fondue was very filling. The homemade sauces that come with the dish are so savory. The meat is perfectly tender and flambeed at the table. The chef seriously uses like four and a half shots of whiskey in the process! We also split a side of sweet potato fries, which my boyfriend's mom thinks were perfect. I agree completely! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, these non greasy fries were so good! Some fun facts about the restaurant: 1. They have television screens that show the chef making crepes in the kitchen.2. The owner is Swiss and the chef is a beautiful French man complete with accent.3. They have comedy shows and concerts in a little ice grotto stage thing in one side of the restaurant. Our waitress informed us that the shows have a $10 minimum per table plus a $10 cover charge to get in.
4	6:30pm Monday night, empty empty empty. But that didn't stop me from getting the most delicious crepes in town! The hosts/owner? was very friendly, had us sit anywhere we wanted. Our waitress was super hot and nice! Later there was a couple more people that came in but I think that was it for the night since they close at 9 and it was about 8:30pm when we left. Anyways..So we ordered the Traditional Flammenkuchen for the appetizer....mMmM crispy tart crust with bacon, onions and melted swiss cheese. Tasty!I ordered the Nordique Crepe - - crepe filled with smoked salmon, melted swiss cheese and drizzled with lemon dill sauce. YUMMERS! and it came with a side green salad. =) although i have to say it was a bit on the salty side...it was great but  I think the smoked salmon was a bit salty. My bf ordered the Savoyarde Crepe - - filled with bacon, onions, sliced sauteed potatoes and melted Raclette cheese. YUMMERS! this one is not as salty even though it's loaded with bacon. We also had a side order of Sweet Potatoes Fries, crispy and perfectly seasoned. =) Unfortunately I was so stuff with the heavenly goodness of the Savory Crepes that I really didn't have room for dessert so my bf promised we would go back for the Sweet Crepes ^_^. I can't wait to come back!
5	This is a must try! The atmosphere was great and the food was even better! The Chef was personable and chatted with us about the food and his background. Every thing we ordered was delicious! I can't wait to try again!
5	My best friend and I have finally found a place that is both amazing and moderately priced. It definitely reminds us of when we went to France in 2005. This place is quaint and quiet in the early afternoon and I don't mind that at all. Don't let the emptiness confuse you because it gets hoppin' later. We both ordered the jambon buerre and trust me when I say they didn't skip on the buerre. The gruyere cheese was divinely paired with rosemary ham and toasted on top of a french baguette. I was so impressed with this simple dish! The presentation was impressive to boot! Picking a dessert was the hard part. I decided to share one of their HUGE nutella crepes with my friend and lets just say I didn't mind loosening my belt buckle. Nutella never lets me down! I will be returning for more desserts and their house special "Le Potence"
5	Being from Sweden you just like salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything like that in Sweden! Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. Great place to eat and have a nice relaxed evening!
5	c'est magnifique!!!
4	I'm torn in writing this review because I've been here several times and always had an awesome experience, but today the service was horrible - and there were only 2 other tables.The Roquefort appetizer is a must. We alway start with it whether we come in for brunc on the weekend or dinner with friends. The swiss cheese fondue is always a treat. Last time I was here we had that and finished with the caramel dessert fondue. In between we had the Hanging Man - served tableside by the chef and a serving of chicken with all the great sauces.This trip, however, we had the Bretonne and Mediteranee crepes.The service today was horrible and if I had never been there before, it would male me not want to come back.Come for dinner during the week when properly staffed an enjoy a bottle of wine!
5	LOVED this place! Went here for dinner on a recent Friday evening. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Great wine selection and menu choices. The ambiance was very relaxing and comfortable. The food was awesome. We shared the Cheese fondue and a deli meats platter. The cheese fondue was DELICIOUS!  Better than melting pot by a long shot.  For dinner I had one of the crepes, the presentation was beautiful and the flavors were amazing. My husband had the filet that that cooked right at the table - it was fun and delicious. My only wish is that this little hot-spot was closer to where I live!  We will be back for more.
3	My idea of Le Chalet:  Little food, big price.  I ordered a crepe and was starved when I got out of there.  It was good and all, but just not worth the price.From now on, I'm bringing a coupon from the Entertainment Guide with me to eat at after I eat at a place like Le Chalet..The coolest thing about this place is you can watch the guy making your food on tv, so, if you have a friend with you and want to take your time chit-chatting, this is your place.  You got lots of time between ordering and actually eating I think.Good service, but it just doesn't make up for food that doesn't fill me up I guess.
5	Great food and service. Love this place.
5	Going out for a birthday dinner is always fun. Wanting to try a new place this year, my boyfriend took it upon himself to seek out the best place. We decided on Le Chalet.. which has so far been the best birthday dinner in a very long time! All of the food was delicious...the environment was fun but quiet.. the staff was all very friendly and we had one of the best waitresses ever! And one of the best parts... it was totally 2 year old friendly. Can't wait to go again!
5	This is a different type of dining experience. From the outside, it looks like an ordinary building, but the inside is nicely decorated. Wines selections are great. Staff are super friendly, especially for a mom-n-pop restaurant. The food (crepes) is definitely over the top. It's a specialty restaurant, meaning that you must really enjoy crepes to be able to appreciate what the owner's pride and their creativity of their food selections. It's not, by any mean, a fancy French dining but it's definitely a favorite local place. I enjoy dining here every single time, whether with friends, family, or with my nieces and nephews. The kids and I are throughly enjoy the crepes-bar by the kitchen, especially when we see the chefs prepare our favorite desserts. On that note, this place is a gem...so come out and support the local business. I dine here, at least once or twice per month.
5	My wife told me about this place and said she loved the food, so after a recent appointment we were free on a weekday and went there for lunch--not during the lunch rush.  Not many people there so we had our choice of tables.For appetizers, we had the Roquefort Flammenkuchen, which is like a tiny pizza with melted blue cheese, small pieces of pear, crushed walnuts, mozzarella and sour cream on top.  It easily could feed one person, but we split it.  While small, it was rich, and very tasty with the various flavors.  We also got their garlic bread, which was a piece of French bread sliced vertically (in other words, it's not like you get part of a loaf) toasted with garlic butter and cheese.  It was very good, but expected more of a serving.For entrees, we both got crepes.  I got the Mediterranee, which has 4-5 big sea scallops, delicately cooked and served with a sauce with saffron and cheese.  It was very good.  While not big, the richness of the sauce helped make it more filling.  There is also a little salad served on the side of the plate.  My wife got the Nordique, which is a similar plate except it has smoked salmon with a cream and cheese sauce.  I tasted that--yum!  What is very interesting about these crepes is that they are square with the edges folded over and made of buckwheat, which makes them a bit heartier.  The dessert menu is very tempting with a variety of dessert crepes, but I felt we should do a fondue, so we got the chocolate fondue for 2.  The chocolate sauce is made from melted bittersweet chocolate mixed with whipping cream and kept gently heated.  There are little brownies, sliced strawberries, apples, and cream puffs to dip.  It was literally finger-licking good!Nice touch: as the designated driver, I got a root beer, and was given a free refill without me asking.  My wife got a glass of wine from an extensive wine and beer list.The waitress was very friendly, helpful, and gave us great service.  This place also has a comedy night and musical entertainment certain nights, too.This is quite a gem...I will definitely be back.  One small nit: as some others have written, it can be quite expensive, especially with drinks and desserts.
3	Went here just for dessert. The staff was nothing to write home about. They were prompt on refills of my beverage. Dessert was just placed down roughly while my waitress walked away. Flavors were pretty good.
5	Loved the food, atmosphere, and service. They have lots of options on the menu and everything was fresh and tasty.
3	Went here last night and had a pretty decent experience.  The food tasted great, we got a crepe, fondue, and a dessert.  Our waiter was friendly.  The ambiance was cool, very dutch/german feeling.  My complaints are that it wasn't alot of food, we left a little hungry and we shared all 3 dishes, at most restaurants I'd be bursting at the seems sharing 3 dishes.  And the killer for me was hearing the head chef (I think) arguing with a waiter.  I patron should never hear an argument between staff members.  Don't get me wrong, it was entertaining but that should never happen in an establishment.
5	This place is incredible.  If you want to experience authentic French food, this is the place.  We got the traditional flammenkuchen to start.  My wife got the Bressine crepe and I got the table side French Raclette.  The food was incredibly similar to the food I had in Europe.  I will be coming back for sure.Previous reviews have mentioned that they felt the food was too expensive and that it wasn't filling.  Most of the cheese and meat you are served here can't  normally be found at a typical grocery store, which explains the expense.  French food doesn't use the grease and heavy creams that weigh you down and make you bloated.  If you are looking for that type of full feeling, go to a Chili's or TGIFridays.  This place serves light refreshing food that doesnt give you the "I need to go take a nap" feeling.
5	ok, I am going to just say it.....  WOW.I am here visiting a friend in Phoenix for the weekend and we were hungry looking for somewhere to eat.We found this place on a fluke, and decided to try it, because the sign said crepes and fondue.  My favorite food groups....The food was great, our service was great and we at too much to have dessert, which is a class C felony in most states... so we will be going there tomorrow ... just for dessert.  Yea, I will be back, yea my friend and her husband will be back, and I am going to tell everyone I know here to go there.nom nom nom nom.
4	Very cool!Funny how the previous week we went to the Melting Pot for upscale fondue and here we are at a French-Swiss restaurant that was delicious and fun!First Sunday of the month is a clean comedy routine and it was fabulous!  We enjoyed the traditional fondue and the  La Potence (the "hanging man").  The table side prep was cool and the meat was delicious.   We split both items between 2 people and enjoyed an affordable and entertaining meal!  Cool factor=5
4	I should come right out and say that I don't know much about crepes.  Until eating at Le Chalet I just thought they were paper thin pancakes stuffed with whipped cream & covered with some kind of fruit.  But after my first trip here my eyes have been opened.  Filled with a variety of cheeses, meats, fruits, veggies these things are yummy.  And as small as they are, they're so rich that a little goes a long way and you end up pleasantly satisfied without being lethargic and over stuffed.  The atmosphere is cozy, the staff is friendly, the service is generally what you expect without being exceptional (and that's OK), the prices are very reasonable and the food is wonderful.  Been there twice and we'll definately go back.
3	My friend loves this place, and we always go for her birthday.  The food is indeed fantastic.  I have had different crepes each time and they have both been wonderful and super filling.  The potatoes are also out of this world.  However, the food here is not the problem.  The service has been abysmal each time.  If your waitress seems unhappy and ill tempered it really ruins the whole experience.  And another star is lost due to the prices.  The crepe is on the small side for paying over $10, and the other dishes on the menu go up steeply in price after that.  Generally, the side dishes are not included and you must pay extra for them.  This limits the menu options for those in your party that are on a tighter budget.  If price and rude wait staff are not your primary concerns then this is the place for you.
5	What an excellent dinner!  Having been to northern France, it was amazing to have a little piece of it here in AZ. The staff was courteous and helpful. La Potence was cooked really well and very tender. The crepes were just like in France and the chocolate fondue dessert was the best! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a genuine French experience.
5	So good!!!!  Staff was friendly! Had the crepes and ready to plan a trip back to try the fondue.  :-)
4	I am so HAPPY to have discovered this gem, thanks to my fellow yelpers!  The Hubs, a friend, and I were looking for somewhere new to try this past Friday night.  I, of course, consulted my yelp "must try" list.  Le Chalet was fairly close to our house and offered the "something different" we were all craving, and I must say we were all so pleased with the results of our adventure.The setup of the restaurant is a little different than the norm with two separate rooms and an area which seats customers right when you walk in.  I expected it to be busier on a Friday night, but I was also happy to not have to wait, since I was starved.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and even used some French in order to add to the ambiance.  The menu has a lot of options (maybe too much), so it took us awhile to decide.  In the end, two of us ordered crepes and one ordered a sandwich.  We also shared a traditional flammenkuchen and chocolate crepe dessert.  Everything was FABULOUS!  I mean honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese, bacon, and more cheese.  I loved the bacon and cheese crepe the Hubs and I shared.  The flammenkuchen was a pizza to the nth degree... with lots of cheese, bacon, and shallots.  My sandwich was also tasty and reminded me of the most awesome cheese toast anyone could have. We all left dinner beyond satisfied with the service and food.  It was an enjoyable evening and we will most certainly return.  I hope others follow suit and keep this place going because I would be sad if it could not continue... so needless to say, go to Le Chalet, and go often... trust me.
5	At least once a month we trek out to Glendale for the le potence and the crepes. I always get the salted caramel and he always gets the banana nutella crepe. If it were up to me, we'd come every week. However, Glendale is too far away.
5	5 star, this place is awesome!!!
5	Bergere is now my favorite brunch!! Very pleasant environment! You feel like your in another country (switserland?). My waiter was very attentive. Again, the bergere was amazing! I was craving breakfast and it was awesome!
5	The worst thing is deciding what to have.  Everything sounds so good.  This is one of the few restaurants that I will attempt to try everything on the menu.  They have a lot of choices so it will take a while to try it all.
5	We tried this last night for our date night.  We were impressed.  The waitress was amazing in explaining the menu and making suggestions. This is a great place to relax and talk.  The food was great.  I had the Tartiflette...WOW it was so good.  My husband had the La Potence, which is their speciality.  He thought it was great...We will be back...
2	The food wasnt bad...my wife has been trying to get me to bring her to a fondue place so I figured I would surprise her and take her for lunch, she was excited but that was quickly dashed when she watched her lunch HOUR fade out without getting her meal so she asked for a to go tea and was told they don't carry to go cups..WHAT???   After all this and the OWNER knowing it was our first time, she never offered ANY apologies or discounts for not getting us served in time,  I left out that we were 1 of 4 tables... so what could the excuse been??
5	Always great service and excellent food.  As someone else said, one of the toughest things here is deciding which dish to go for.My wife usually goes for one of the crepe or similar dishes, and I've always had one of the steak options.  The "hanging man" steak is simply amazing.  The flat iron steak, covered with garlic-herb butter and perfectly caramelized onions, is simply the best flat iron steak I've ever eaten.On top of this, you get a selection of rare beers on tap.
4	Food was good and a nice selection of crepes,sandwiches and fondues. The time we were there,the only negative was that the women's restroom was smelly (my wife thought it was due to poor ventilation).
4	After driving past this place many times hubby and I finally went here for our anniversary, after seeing all of the positive reviews on Yelp. We were looking for something a bit unique, with a similar feel to Melting Pot but without the $100 tab. I'm happy to say that La Chalet succeeded wonderfully.We went during happy hour (3-6pm) and were delighted to find out that all drinks and appetizers were discounted by $2. I had what I think was called a swiss miss- a strawberry chocolate martini, and hubby had a dark stout. Both were great. Then we moved onto the food.We started with the Atlantic Salmon flammenkuchen appetizer. Realize that with these, when they say 6" they mean it, although I can't really complain since it was $2 off and delicious. It was enough for 2 to share but not what I'd call a generous portion. Very lemony and the salmon didn't taste fishy at all. For a main dish we had the Mediterranean crepe. The scallops were large and just a tad overcooked but the whole thing tasted amazing. For dessert we went with the chocolate fondue. Like everything else, it was delicious. The cream puffs were both our favorites, but there were generous portions of apples, brownies and strawberries as well. We both ate till we were stuffed, then ate just a little bit more.I saw some complaints on Yelp about the service, but we had NO issues there. Both our waiters were very friendly (we were there during a shift change) and happy to explain whatever we asked without hovering. The host brought us a dessert menu and explained the specials when he realized we were winding down and debating whether or not to order dessert. We had a very leisurely dinner and ordered one course at a time- no one ever made us feel like we should be in a rush. We even jokingly asked if the Nutella in a dessert dish was from the US or from Europe and a few minutes later the waiter came back with a container from the kitchen so that we could see for ourselves (it was from Canada).Overall, I really enjoyed this. It was a nice, quiet restaurant (no shouting over annoying music), prices were reasonable and we had a great experience. My only real regret about Le Chalet is that we missed the swiss cheese fondue and the dessert crepes, but I'm sure we'll be back.
5	mMmMm I really like this place! This is my second time here and I love their crepes! I ordered the Mont St Michel - a crepe wrap with Alaskan smoked salmon,  shredded romaine, diced tomatoes, onions and dill ranching dressing - deliciously light and only 148 calories! However the biggest downside to this crepe wrap are the amount of raw diced ONIONS they put on it....ahhhhhh this would have been perfect but the raw onions starts to overwhelm your taste buds after the third bite or slice (it's a huge wrap that they cut into about 8 pieces for you). So if you're not fond of raw onions perhaps you can tell them to omit them..otherwise it's really good. I also ordered a juicy peach iced tea....but it tasted really bad to me and the waiter was sweet about changing it to raspberry iced tea for me. My bf ordered the Savoyarde which is the normal crepe with sauteed potatoes, sauteed onions, bacon with melted Raclette cheese as the filling and oh my my it was savory indeed! He also ordered a side wild rice which smelled as good as it tasted. Overall this is place has the best crepes I have tasted so far. I just wish it was in Orange County or Los Angeles! The service is also really wonderful here but it seems like they are never busy - well at least the other time I came here it was only my bf and I dining - plus maybe one or two other parties came after but they don't seem like they have full houses that often which is unfortunate because they do make really wonderful crepes.
5	Oh my goodness! This place is amazing. A friend of mine went here and she raved about this place. Since then I have wanted to try it. So the husband was out of town on business and I took my daughter here for her 9th birthday.We had Pink Lemon-aid, Peach Iced Tea, Cheese Fondue, "La Potence" the hanging man, the Crepe Tatin, and they brought her a special dessert for her birthday.Let me break down the meal and then the service. I didn't try the Pink Lemon-aid but my daughter enjoyed it. the Peach Iced Tea was fantastic. It was a green tea that tasted like someone had squeezed a freshly picked peach into it, but there were no peaces floating in it. Crisp, clear and a wonderful palette cleanser.The cheese fondue was very yummy. We had it with bread and apples. My daughter enjoyed the apples straight and stuffed herself full of bread and cheese. (This comes from the girl that only so-so likes cheese.)The "La Potence" is their signature dish. For those of us that cannot speak french to save our lives (raises hand) its called the Hanging Man. It is a a cylinder of metal with spikes on it and meat hanging off of it. They Flambe it at your table with a fantastic whiskey (Don't worry all the alcohol burns off). It is hanging over a bed of wild rice and you get four dipping sauces and a special butter. The staff recommended putting the butter in the rice. They were right. It was great!!We never had to ask for a single thing, drink refills were always quick and then there was dessert.The Crepe Tatin is Salted Carmel Apple Crepe with Ice Cream and toasted almonds. They can mix it up and put chocolate and different types of fruits on it. I about busted at the seams. The staff was amazing, very personal service and relaxed atmosphere. This place is good for kids, however I will say I have a 2 year old right smack dab in the NO phase and I would not bring him here as I would not want to disturb anyone else. But for kids that can follow commands and are well behaved it is a really unique fun experience! For larger parties I would recommend reservations and they do take them. I will be back here many times.
5	What a nice surprise. So very different and yummy.  If you need a nice change for your taste buds, then go to Le Chalet.
4	My in-laws suggested meeting here for dinner. What a nice surprise! None of us had eaten her before, so the menu was a bit scary at first. After talking with our server, Sam, she helped clarify things for us so we could try some things we might like. First off we tried the salmon "pizza" crepe. It was very good, as long as you like capers, which I do. Then we tried the the chicken and mushroom crepe, also a great choice! We felt pretty full after that, so we went straight to dessert... Carmel fondue. What can I say about this? Delicious!! What I liked most about this place is that it is so different from everyday restaurants. If you want a burger and fries this isn't the place for you. But if you want a nice atmosphere and something new, this is a place to try.
5	This place is great, service was outstanding, the Cheese Fondue and Crepe's were delicious. Our experiance was awesome we will be back.
2	Came in for desert after Sushi, sat in the bar area then asked if we wanted to pay a five dollar cover fee to stay and listen to an old-school band, no thank you.  Went in to  main dining room and ordered desert.  I could see that our order was up yet the waiter did not notice.  By the time he came and delivered it to us the ice cream and whipped cream were melted, his response "You should have picked it up, sorry, it will be alright.  Waiter left us and we asked chef for a re-do.  Fresher desert came and it was really not a worth it in my book.  Might be back to try the Fondue or maybe try the other popular Fondue place in town.
5	I had a great time at their monthly Clean Comedy night!Every first Sunday of the month at 7pm, Le Chalet hosts a PG rated clean comedy night safe enough to bring the kiddos along. No cover at the door, but a $5 per person minimum on food or beverage is required. As we arrived, we were greeted by a delightful gentleman, complete with authentic french accent. This guy must have been practicing it his whole life. The waiter was an energetic, pony tail sporting, ball of electricity and was delighted to call my wife out on her bland choice of pizza crepe and insisted she ordered the mushroom chicken; excelent choice sir! We had a great time listening to the comics come up to the "bat cave" like stage in their back room to quote one of the comics, and with 50% of them hitting home a humorous set it was like "batting 500, and that's a win" to quote another.We both loved the food, I had one of their delicious sandwiches and the wife couldnt stop eating her savory crepe. I normally keep my dining and entertainment limited to downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale, but this food was good enough to come back for. Here's to you clean comedy, stay funny Phoenix and happy Yelping! ;-)
4	Crepes are exceptional! I love the atmosphere here too, it's so relaxing. Only disappointment was the fondue the chocolate never got hot enough :(
5	An extremely surprising delightA few months ago my boyfriend were driving around looking for some mid-day lunch. We went through the usual "Want Cheesecake factory?" "Nah."  "TGIF?" "Nah" and we drove by Le Chalet, figuring it was another crepe place. Boy were we surprisedThe restaurant inside is so quaintly and artistically designed that you instantly get the impression that you are not in just another crepe place.I can't tell you the names of the items we had cause they were all authentic swiss/french cuisines, far beyond the usual "fromage" and "poulet"We've been there twice so far and each time was individually fantasticWe've had the mussel with rice, w hich is by far the best mussels i've ever had. We've had the swiss cheese fondue which is over the top. This time we had the pate and their specialty meat dish, which regrettably I can't remember the nameWhat stands out most about this place is the overall effort and service that the staff provides. The waitresses are extremely educated in the menu and you can tell they really listen to what you'd like. The chefs in the kitchen you can tell from even afar that they really focus on their dishes. Nothing is frozen, everything is made from scratch down to the sauce.Chef Anthony Perre/Ferre (can't remember) personally flambed our dinner right by our table. He was extremely friendly, funny, informative and talented.Everything from the food, to the wine selection, to the waitresses to the chefs make this place an extreme diamond in the rough in Peoria.Great job guys! You definitely have a permanent customer from me
5	7 friends & I ate at Le Chalet as our last meal to cap off a wonderful visit to sunny AZ! What a great choice!!!! We loved the feel of the place, very cozy and clean. Our waitress was Tracy & she couldn't have been more accommodating. She explained all the menu choices very well and answered all our questions(with 8 of us we had alot). We started our meal with the cheese fondue! Great taste & wonderful way to start our culinary journey! Next our entrees: We all loved the crepes, the buckwheat was so good. The friends that ordered the scallops said they were the best they have ever had. I tried the La Potence. Very good, loved all the sauces & very impressive to have it cooked they way they do at the table. Dessert was fabulous. We tried the salted caramel fondue & the chocolate fondue. Both were wonderful but if you have to make a choice, choose the salted caramel. The tart apple & the cream puffs dipped in it were to die for! This was an experience we will remember for a long time & thank all the staff that helped make it such a wonderful reminder of the fun we had in AZ. I plan to be back in February & am already making plans to eat here again.
5	Awesome food and excellent wait service.  The waitress explained everything in detail.  Scallops were cooked perfectly, best I have ever had.  I was so excited to learn that they used buckwheat flour in some of the crepes, as I am gluten and wheat sensitive.  This was our last night in Scottsdale for a group of 8 girlfriends, and this topped off the vacation with with an A+.
5	Divine crepes and great service. We went for a late lunch and couldn't have been happier with the service, ambiance, and quality of the food.
4	For our normal Sunday lunch - we wanted to try something different. So, off to Yelp to find a place - this place.The ambiance of the place is awesome... from the outside - you would never know that this cool place is tucked inside. The food was good. We started off with Apples And Bacon Flammenkuchen for the 4 of us. I could have eaten a few of these for lunch - loved the flavor (anything with bacon!). The kids had "kids pizzas" - which are cheese crepes with pepperoni - not their favorite, but they made do. Did I mention that they have sweet potato fries - my favorite!Then came the REAL reason to come to a place like this... DESERT! We all shared 2 desert crepes and the chocolate fondue dip. Man was it a hit. Kiddos loved being able to dip strawberries and apples into the nicely melted and warm chocolate. The crepes were awesome...caramel with chocolate... YUMMY!Gonna come back - even if just for desert.
3	The interior is akin to being teleported to a little dining lodge in the Swiss Alps after a day of skiing.  Alpenhorn, wooden barrels, and other relevant decor makes it feels very warm & cozy and it induces a desire for hot chocolate, which makes it a decent spot for a date as well.We tried the cheese fondue and some salmon on bread appetizer (Salmon Flammenkuchen).  The fondue was good and it came with ample bread, but the Salmon Flammenkuchen was not that appetizing.  The service was solid though.  Overall, I'd probably come back for the ambiance, fondue, and maybe to try the crepes.
5	If you want to try something different and excellent try Le Chalet. The food and service is very good with menu items you will not fine in many places. They also have a full bar and happy hour.
5	Just had lunch here with my wife:  French onion soup - amazing!  Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool!  Great date place!
4	Le Chalet is my favorite restaurant ever.  I just love La Potence (The Hanging Man).  The tenderloin is always cooked to perfection and the dipping sauces are awesome!  If I had my way, I'd be there at least twice a week.  The staff is super friendly and we always feel very much welcomed.  There has been a time or two where we had to wait a bit for service, but I don't fault the wait staff for that.  Just look around.  The place can be jam packed and there my only be one waitress running herself ragged to serve customers promptly.  We never care since it is obvious that the wait staff can be overwhelmed from time to time.  We just sit back and enjoy the Mont Pellier Pinot Noir and enjoy the conversation.  If anyone complains about slow service, just imagine yourself trying to do her job.  Good luck with that.  I would highly recommend trying this restaurant.  My wife and I normally go at off hours for the best experience.  The lunch and dinner rushes can be quite crowded.  We never leave there hungry and usually take some home.
4	Fondue is a must.
4	What do you say about a restaurant where the food is terrific.  No question about the way it is fixed and I don't think it could be much better.  A place where you don't have to go broke getting really fine French food.  Maybe not as exotic as some places but just good French food...the type you might find at a cafe in France.  You say no reason not to return.  And the deserts!  The chocolate!  You have to go there to see their desert menu!  Splurge!The glitch last night was the service.  I have no problem with relaxed service.  Who wants to be hurried.   With the exception of getting a small glass for my friend's seven up, we were not people hard to serve.  That is not an excuse to be borderline neglected. I refer to minor things like checking back often enough to see water glasses are filled often enough for there to be ice in it to keep it cool.  Or just for there to be water, especially if the person is having water as their only drink with the meal.   I expect that.  Watching your server outside the front door when the water needs to be filled?  What to do when you are ready to leave and your server is having a long conversation across the room with another employee.  Finally I had to make a decision whether to go get him myself or ask the young man who was helping the table next to us to go get him?  Last but not least, how difficult is it to remember to bring a bag to put  take out containers in when you have just been asked?  I gave up on that one.  When I left I just walked past my server carrying them out.  Guess he didn't notice?The question might be asked why were these minor things annoying enough for me to say more about the service than the food itself.  My dining companion didn't want to go to for French food but did it for me.  She had no complaints about the food-thought it was excellent.  She thought the ambiance of the restaurant was nice.  However,  the service embarrassing.  This is a major sore spot for me when it happens.  I make no apologies for it.     I might tell you one other thing.  I have GERD.  If you don't know what that is, I will tell you I have to be careful about what I eat or I can get major indigestion, etc.   I knew I'd pay for what I ate and i did.  But when certain types of French food are prepared properly, I am willing to suffer.   What better recommendation can I give than that!
5	Setting:  After Friday night dinner, I took my wife out for DESSERT ONLY.Ambiance:  Big restaurant with plenty of seats.  There were two areas to sit, with one that had plenty of people, and the other not too packed.  We opted for the not too packed area.  You can see the cooks working their magic in the back.  Well lit, but after visiting France, I did not get the French feel, although it is co-owned by a French and Swiss.  However, great layout, so let's get to the dessert!Food/Menu:  They had many crepes to choose from, as I was excited to try the chocolate ganash with bananas, but my wife was eying the fondue for two!  It comes with apples, homemade fresh brownies, strawberries, and cream puffs with their homemade chocolate ganash.apples & strawberries - tasted very fresh, and my wife was delighted by the ripe and sweet strawberries.brownies - they are not cakey (soft texture and crumble feel), and not too fudgy (thick and chewy), they are definitely right in the middle, which makes them almost perfect.  These were delicious as every dip in the fondue made the flavor extremely better after every bite.cream puffs - soft texture with a cold cream inside (made this way because the fondue may crumble the puff), made just right, but never been a fan of cream puffs, although add the fondue and it is quite tastey.Service:  Our waitress was awesome and very sweet according to my wife.  She started with the restaurant sine its inception in 2010, and said the place has only gotten better.  She was very knowledgeable about all the food and answered any questions we had, especially seeing a dinner plate with meat on fire (definitely tasting this next time)!Overall:  I give this place a 5, not only because of the service, but the fondue was a quality dessert.  The fresh fruit mixed in with the sweet and savory bites makes this place a must for dessert.  We will have to check out dinner next time.  We will see you again Le Chalet!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped by this place after driving by it frequently for three years.  We got up the nerve to try crepes and fondue, and were not disappointed.  The ambience was fine- casual dining that could be dressed up- it seemed equally acceptable to wear jeans and a band t-shirt as a dress or suit.  The seating areas were cozy- pretty close to other diners, but it seemed to be okay.The restaurant was clean and tidy.  A note on the bathrooms- they look like the doors are just push-open doors, that's not the case- there's also a knob...The food was amazing.  I've never had non-dessert crepes before, and fondue was something I had never experienced.  For such cheesy food, it was still light and flavorful.  The fondue with croutons and fingerling potatoes was filling but not overly filling.  The crepes were wonderful- I had the Mediterrane and my boyfriend had the Black Forest Ham... l was amazed at how light they were, but also how rich and filling.  The waitress was also amazing- she didn't laugh at us for having a ton of dumb questions- she guided us through the ordering process and helped make us feel comfortable.  We will definitely go back!
5	I always drive by this place and wonder about it. So on a Saturday around 11 am. I decided to ea brunch there with my good pal Robert. I got the flammenkuchen style Roquefort. It was pretty much a pizza with real blue cheese,diced pears and roasted walnuts. Absolutely awesome! I had ordered the classic orange juice for my beverage and it was fresh squeezed so I decided to quench my thirst even more with a refreshing mimosa. I recommend this place without a doubt. Great for eating out for a date or fun with family and friends.
5	Amazing! From the food to the service to the wine selection! Me and my boyfriend went there for dinner, our server Chris was great, the other server Tim that was working was just as friendly and engaging. We got the salmon pizza like appetizer which was great. Followed by the french fondue and beef fondue, with chocolate fondue to top it off. I wanted the carmel, my boyfriend suggested we do that next time, and they actually brought us some to try. Above and beyond service and amazing food! We will definitely be going back!
4	The dinner crepes were good, I had the crepe with scallops (can't remember the name) the scallops could have been fresher. The dessert crepe we had though was amazing! We added strawberries to the salted caramel crepe which we were informed was a family recipe brought over from France. If you don't get dessert here you are missing out my friend.
4	Crepes and general French yumminessWent to Le Chalet for lunch, today.  Cute little place that opens at 11 AM.  The sandwich, crepe, and salads are superb.  Kid's mean had a ham and cheese option with sweet potato fries that our little girl thoroughly enjoyed.Service is quick and kind.  Drinks and food arrive promptly and the waiter was happy to share about each dish.  He prepped us that the cuisine is northern French and meal crepes are made with a buckwheat flour while dessert crepes are made with the sweet white flour and egg mixture I'm accustomed to.Serving sizes are just right and cost for three people was about $40 including a dessert banana and chocolate crepe my wife, daughter, and I (unwillingly) shared.  The setting was cute-- kind of a French-Swiss ski chalet feel.  Not a common thing in a desert of hellish summer heat.
3	This place is too hyped-up. Me and my boyfriend went here because it's supposed to be "so amazing" and everything, it was just "okay". If you've never tried fondue or crepes before, sure, try this place. But it really isn't anything spectacular. The flavors were just "okay", the atmosphere was just "okay", the staff was just "okay". I really wish I could say this place was spectacular, but it was just "okay". We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue. It was so plain! You have to order something to go with this! All you get is cheese and bread. So we ordered a side salad and ratatouille and the salad had a little too much dressing and the ratatouille's flavor didn't mix well with the other two items we had ordered. We finished the meal with the Crepe Tatin. It was good but it was missing a "wow" factor.
5	I've been on a French kick lately.  I spent last summer in France and am longing to experience it again.  Checked this place out the other day and was really impressed.  Authentic French food that is done almost as if you are in France, which is a rarity to find here in the states let me tell you.  I will definitely be coming back here on a regular basis and highly recommend it.
5	This is a favorite place of ours for date night.   All the dishes we've tried, we have loved!   :)
5	Great service. My server was very friendly and informative on the food. The food was good. It wasn't a lot of food but we were full. Kinda pricey but I'm not from Arizona so it was a good experience. Overall I'll visit again if I am ever in the area
5	Been here twice--once with friends when I only ordered a crepe, and once again with dad, when I ordered death by fine French decadence.  We had la Potence and the assorted cold cuts sampler with the melted Raclette cheese service.  Quick snapshot of the general aim of the restaurant: my dad asked if they had French onion soup, but the waiter just chuckled and said they try not to be *that* kind of French restaurant.  La Potence: you order it, they wheel it out and set it on fire, and slowly you pick off the hanging chunks of meat and slather it in the buttery sauces they give you.  Initially I was actually a little bit disappointed; sure they set it on fire, but it's only a handful of meat with five different variations of butter--for $$$.  But don't be an idiot like me!  The pineapple they drape over the top isn't there just to be fancy--it actually does tenderize the meat, and plays off nicely with the whiskey juice they pour over the whole apparatus.  The butter sauces could be punchier--but remember, this is French food, not Thai.  All of the juices that drip off the meat goes into a skillet of wild rice, which is simple but delicious.Assorted Cold Cuts with Raclette: again, they bring out an underwhelming assortment of meats, and then they wheel out this strange contraption attached to a formerly-whole wheel of raclette.  There's a set amount of cheese melting services they provide, and you can choose to split them up instead of getting it all at once.  Anyways, this turned out to be just the right serving size, otherwise I'd be dead from a heart attack instead of writing this review.  Everything seems so deceptively simple, but it's rich beyond compare, and I really missed good European deli meats.  The piece de la resistance was when I arranged the la potence beef, surrounded by the rice, heaped on top of the cold cuts and cut up potatoes, and had them cover the whole schmear with raclette.  Amazingly, we still had room for dessert.  My dad had the chocolate lover's crepe (I forget the name, but it was aimed towards chocoholics--he wasn't that impressed), and I had the frangipani--which was delicious, almondy heaven.  My dad ordered a coffee, and while he was initially disappointed that they didn't have any way to make it hazelnut-flavored, all was forgiven when the waiter brought out the coffee press.  We're no coffee snobs, but this coffee was the most fragrant brew I had ever tasted; putting hazelnut in it would've been a waste of damn good coffee. Waiter was friendly.  I don't remember his name, but he's the older guy with the glasses.  He explained the whole process of setting the meat on fire and melting the cheese like a tour guide, and made the experience very pleasant.Yes this place is potentially hard on your arteries and your wallet, but this is our new place for rare, indulgent special occasions--so hopefully now my LDL is back to normal.
3	I had the blue cheese flammenkuchen, which was a tasty mix of blue cheese and apples on a flaky crust. Delicious, but I would hesitate to say that it was worth $13.50, though the portion size was decent. Dessert was the crepe flambe with Grand Marnier. It was overwhelmed by the flavor of the candied orange peel, and the crepe had no flavor on it's own. The crepe fell apart, and was floppy and unappealing. I finished the ice cream, and left most of the crepe itself on the plate. Service was fine, I didn't have any of the issues that previous reviewers did. Overall, an ok meal, but more expensive than I would like, given the quality of the meal as a whole.
2	It's very unfortunate that I have to give this place 2 stars. They say first impressions are the most important. Well, my first impression of Le Chalet wasn't a very good one. We had reservations at 8 on valentines day. We weren't seated until 8:30 which I understand because people especially want to enjoy dinner tonight but the hostess didn't know anything. If we didn't say anything, we would've been waiting longer. They had a special performance for Valentines day which we opted to see for an additional fee per person. It was a nice show but service seemed to be halted due to it. 80% of the people there already had their meals. It took us 2 hours to have an appetizer (the crepe with scallops), cheese fondue which had an unbelievable amount of butter in and a dessert crepe which was delicious. We originally ordered the "La Potence" but since it took over 45 minutes, we cancelled it. Turns out it was the right choice since the kitchen didn't even prepare it yet. Can't say I'd ever come back by choice as it seems they need practice for serving a full restaurant. Turns out my scallops weren't prepared properly as I suffered from food poisoning later in the evening. Quite an impression that will last for some time.
5	Fantastic!  Food was great and unique.  Scotty was attentive, humorous and knowledgeable.  I would recommend multiple visits because everything we tried was great.  We actually went two nights in a row.
4	Delicious!  Everything we thought it would be, plus their drink menu is great as well!  When the band is playing in the other room, however, it's a bit loud, making it hard to focus on just the date and the dinner.
5	We were looking for someplace to celebrate our anniversary, and a little Googling led us here. We had seen Le Chalet, but didn't realize it was a nice place for dinner. We had the flammenkuchen for an appetizer--think tiny pizza, but on a light flaky crust. Then we had the Crepes Bretonne and Crepe Bergere for the main course. Both were very good. I haven't had savory crepes before, so I'm not sure what the texture is supposed to be like, but they seemed perfect. Nicely browned and slightly crispy. A bottle of French wine and a dessert crepe rounded things off. The owner was right there, overseeing everything. He takes a lot of pride in his restaurant. The menu reflects the comfort foods he enjoyed growing up in Switzerland. He gave us a lot of personal attention.If you're tired of the usual franchise restaurants in the west valley, with cookie-cutter menus and bored waitstaff, give Le Chalet a try. It's at the other end of the spectrum.
4	Saw the cow outside and stopped in. Once looking at menu remember a friend talking about the hanging meat thing.  we went inside and had just missed the dinner rush so the place was pretty quiet (which was nice since we brought our 3 year old).  The food was awesome, the staff was so friendly and gave us lots of attention.  The Decore was nice, the place would big, i can see it getting packed on weekends and special occasions.  i can't wait to go back and try a few other things!
5	Wonderful dining experience with a group of twelve.  The service was excellent  from the beginning, with our waiter explaining the menu in detail, to the end when we enjoyed desserts.  Two waiters took our orders and within ten minutes of ordering appetizers were served.  About fifteen minutes after that our meals were served.All twelve members of our group thought the food was fabulous.  And, the desserts were outstanding.  Thank you to Le Chalet for making our evening so special.
3	About average. The buckwheat flour they use in their savory crepes is a great idea and gives the crepes good texture. Ordered the Nordique which had smoked salmon and dill. Also tried the Bretonne which was a spin on ham and eggs and yummy. If you order the cheese fondue, order apples along with the bread.
5	An unexpected surprise!  We were taking a friend out for her birthday and thanks to Yelp (again!), we discovered this place.  A rather authentic European bistro in Glendale... GLENDALE... of all of places.  The food was phenomenal.  The garlic bread tartin, the fondue, the crepes, the salted caramel fondue... all of it.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  We chatted extensively with our waiter and also a gentleman who I believe is the owner.  He was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will be back!
4	Outstanding food, solid service despite the fact that it was maybe a little slow. We had the prosciutto plate starter which was very good and also came with cornichons (French pickles).Our entrees consisted of crepes -  I had the crepe savoyarde which consisted of diced potatoes, raclette cheese, bacon and onions and my friend had the roquefort crepe - were both outstanding...I also ordered a side of ratatouille was to die for.It was of course Bastille day, and there was a nice musician playing the piano and accordeon.All in all, a fun and delightful experience. The one star fell off due to slow, nonetheless friendly service...just please don't address your customers as You Guys...You know who you are - Come on  have a little class!
2	I came to Le Chalet for my birthday based on word of mouth and the reviews on yelp.I was disappointed, my wife was disappointed and we won't be returning unfortunately.  The good...The salted caramel dessert crepe was superb!   The flat iron Angus steak my son ordered was delicious! The ratatouille stole the show in my opinion!The bad... Appetizer - I ordered 2 orders of garlic bread.  What a complete joke!  Take a piece of sourdough bread from you local grocery store put some garlic and cheese on a SINGLE slice with tiny bit of tomato relish and voila!  At 5$ a slice...RIPOFF!!Entree - I ordered the "La Potence" the signature dish.  What a joke!  This dish is being described on the menu as being "Flambeed table side by the chef and comes with a skillet of wild rice"  THIS WAS FLAT OUT FALSE!!It was attempted by our freaking waitress (who was nice and courteous) who could not even get the portable burner working.  It was completely botched!  The signature dish, the most expensive dish on the menu and the god damn waitress flambeed the thing???  Shame on you chef and owner!  Also, "wild rice"  FALSE AGAIN...I counted and I mean I freaking counted about 20 grains of "wild rice" in a pan of white rice.  Shame on you again.  My wife had the "Swiss Cheese Fondue" and I also ate some of it...it was mediocre at best.  The bread was stale and lacked flavor.  Also the cheese was flavorless...come on guys, seriously?  For the record I ate all my meat, it was a filet mignon thank god, so in spite of the botched flambeau it was edible.  ( i skipped lunch though...not sure if this played into it)When I walked in and saw 5 out of the 30 or so table occupied at 630pm I should of known something was wrong.  This is Bell Rd at prime time dinner rush....ouch!I doubt this place will be around much longer unless the chef and owner get serious again about the food.  Carrabas next door was packed FYI, should of gone there!!Note:  You may disagree with my review, I understand but lets make this perfectly clear.  3 restaurants share the same parking lot as Le Chalet.  The Tuesday night I went with my family the parking lot was near capacity.  The restaurant (Indian Bistro) right adjacent was filled with people plus folks waiting for seats!  The "chain" restaurant was filled up with people and folks waiting outside!  Le Chalet had 8 people inside eating...my family made it 12 total.    When those "trove of mediocre chain" restaurants have 500% more business than your 5 star (Yelp) restaurant something is seriously wrong....and it sure isn't the customer...
5	Damn, look at how many stars this place has out of 140 reviews. Nearly a 5 star rating. That's fucking phenomenal. And rightly so, as this place is truly a treasure among a trove of mediocre chain restaurants. Why on earth would you go to Carrabba's when this place is next door? First of all, cheese. Second of all, moar cheese. No seriously, if you like cheese, this is the place for you. And I. Love. Cheese. In case I was unclear earlier. If you don't like cheese, gtfo. You're dead to me. Not really, but this place is definitely all about some cheesy goodness. I ordered a savory crepe called "Roquefort". It's melted blue cheese, swiss cheese, sour cream, crushed walnuts and caramelized apples. DEAR GOD. I inhaled it. My friends both got some amazing-looking grilled cheese thing. There was cheese ON TOP of the bread. Wow! The food truly was unique, authentic and appropriately priced. I clearly enjoyed it to an extreme degree.As for the service - great! Very friendly and inviting. The owner, Alain, was a complete sweetheart as well. He came over to our table and chatted us up. We asked him a ton of questions about his heritage and the restaurant itself. He was so genuine and kind-hearted, I could not wait to write my review about Le Chalet. And I certainly will be telling people to go there. He deserves the business, as I'd never expect such a gem of a restaurant to be located 56th Ave and Bell.Holla
5	A culinary treasure and a family favorite! I have never been disappointed with the food, drink, or staff in my many visits, it has always has been a pleasure to dine here. If you are looking for something with real quality and taste, this is your place, each bite is better than the last!
5	Le Chalet is a quiet pleasant surprise. This restaurant is clean and cozy. The food is very good. I had a ham and cheese sandwich on a baguette .  It was very good and comes with a small side of salad with a nice balsamic dressing .  My partner has to eat gluten free foods and Le Chalet was able to accommodate her.  She ordered the chicken with grilled onions and cheese and she said it too was excellent.The service was good as well. They have happy hour and entertainment on Thursdays from 3-6.I look forward to returning to Le Chalet soon and bringing more of my friends !Carol C
4	I love this little French restaurant! It's nothing fancy, more casual dining but it sure is yummy. I've had the La Potence twice and the 7 oz. steak, garlic butter and wild rice, and special sauces are okay for two people to share as long as you get one more side dish. The steak isn't a filet, so I feel like you're paying more for the presentation. Great date night option. The savory crepes are reasonably priced and served in big portions, we ordered the Fermiere with chicken and mushrooms, yum. I recently had the ratatouille as a side dish and it was delightful, hearty with all the veggies and sweet from the tomato sauce, topped off with melted cheese...I'm definitely getting it again. But by far my favorite thing on their menu is their crepes! Whichever crepe you get, you can't go wrong as long as you add the salted butter caramel sauce to it. Delish! My favorite crepe is strawberries, bananas with nutella and topped off with salted butter caramel sauce and ice cream. Drooling just thinking about it.
5	LOVE the swiss cheese fondue. This is a great place to stop in for a glass of wine & fondue. I have enjoyed dinner here as well. Unique and fun place.
1	Saturday 9/21 a group of 14 people had reservation for dinner at 7:30 P.M. We were seated in a few minutes.  We had very poor waiter service he did not come over to us for at least 15 minutes. Dinner was served one hour later for most guest but ours was served 15 minutes after the other people  We placed our orders two of us wrap with chipotleIT was so hot our mouth burned, lips were on fire.  We had shared one piece of the wrap with our friend and he could not stand the fire in it.So we final got our waiter and he looked at us like we were crazy than finally the owner came over to us and scold us like a school child [didn't we know what we were ordering].  We did not order anything else as he qualify as the rudest guy in town.You will see this restaurant on restaurant rescue.P.S. he charges us sir charge on the meal that we didn't eatSTAY AWAY
4	My husband and I love this place. The crepes are delicious, but the best thing on the menu is their cheese platter with five different French and Swiss cheeses. My favorites are the Brie and creamy goat cheese. It is so phenom! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5	There are a lot of reviews on this place ... all I can add is it's a nice addition to the over saturated Phoenix market that seems dominated by bland chain restaurants. The owner was on site when I visited and I saw him quickly handle an issue at another table. Our dinner was great.If for no other reason than to treat your palate to a new experience, you should try this place.
5	Delicious!  Great service!  Who could ask for more?  The apple and salted caramel crepe is to die for...house made salted caramel sauce, definitely a must have!
4	Yum yum Yum nom nom nom nom, everything here is amazing.
5	We dine at this restaurant every Monday. We like food that much. Great Cheese Fondue and amazing Crepes. They have a great variety of dishes on the menu to fit anyone's taste. You have to try their desert Crepes...very delicious never disappointing. We have also joined them for many of their musician shows and always enjoy. The owner is there most of the time and very interactive with the customers. Tim the bartender is very entertaining if you want to eat at the bar. Scotty and the rest of the crew are friendly and always make us feel at home.
2	I was a little disappointed by Le Chalet. I went here to celebrate my birthday. Everyone should be aware that they do not allow outside cake. We brought my favorite cake for everyone and we weren't allowed to cut and eat it inside. All I was able to do was blow my candles out and take pictures. They did provide me a brownie and ice cream but its nothing I could really share with 15 people and I would have much rather have eaten my cake. Our waiter, Scotty, was kind of rude. It was hard to tell if he was either sarcastic or serious and he did not seem to be very patient with us. The food also took awhile and we came in on a Wednesday night, there were not that many people there. The place is very unique however. It mimics fondue places in Switzerland with its decorations, which I have been to. We ordered the cheese Riclette which was delicious!!! I would just come back only to eat that cheese again. They melt this huge round of it under this burner and scoop it onto your meat and potatoes. But aside from that, the rest of the food was okay. I also ordered a savory crepe and it wasn't anything to rave about. I think if we just had better service, I would have rated this better.
3	Come here for the dessert and that's about all. Spend a fortune on an average meal that no one was overly thrilled with, but the crepes were fantastic!
4	Waiters are awesome and the food is great. I do wish the owner would allow you to order the "la Potence" beef tenderloin  medium instead of rare. Best dessert in town.
4	Stopped here on a Saturday just before noon because of a coupon we had. We were greeted and seated promptly. The inside is very inviting with a lot of faux rock and wood, and a large open kitchen with a bar that you can sit at and watch as your food is prepared. There is a main dining area and another separate area as well. We chose a table in the main dining area.We decided to order mimosas since we had just been talking about having brunch. We asked what our server recommended on the menu. Since it was her first day, she brought someone over to talk to us and answer our questions.We decided to order the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen and Mediterranee Crepe. The Mimosas came out and were okay. They were a bit tart, and we asked if the orange juice was good. They checked and came back saying it was, and the tartness was because the orange juice wasn't as sweet as most.Our food was brought out. It looked delicious. I had the Mediterranee Crepes. My first thought was wow! Then I noticed there were only four medium scallops. Okay. A bit of a let down on the number of scallops. There was a small salad on the side consisting of about a cup of spring mix with a balsamic dressing drizzled on it. The crepe was brown since it was made with buckwheat and open faced with the edges folded over. It was delicious. I enjoyed the flavors. I ate most of the Mediterranee Crepe and had a few bites of the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen. It was also very good.The prices seemed a bit high but weren't bad when considering how good everything was. What made it seem overpriced were the portion sizes. I generally don't eat a lot so like smaller portions, but also, like to get what I paid for. I think most people would feel like they didn't get enough to eat. One crepe with four scallops and a side of spring mix isn't much if you're ordering for supper and are really hungry. It also seemed a bit small as far as portion size considering it was $13.00.The service was good. There really was no one there other than a couple of tables that came in while we were ordering.At this point, everything was favorable except for the Mimosas. We both had decided a return visit was a must. Then came the check. We were quite surprised that the Mimosas were $10.00 each. I've never paid that much for one. Sure glad we only had one each.I had already told our server about the coupon. We reminded her about it again. Since it was on my phone, she said that she would have someone come and look at it. They did, and after a bit of a wait, our server was back with the check. At this point, we were told an eighteen percent gratuity had been added. When we asked about it, we were told by our server that she was told it was added by the owner because people with coupons usually don't tip well. We asked where it was stated that a tip would automatically be added but no one seemed to know. My friend and I both work in the service industry and usually tip twenty percent or more. I have no problem with the gratuity being added if I'm made aware of it up front. We told the server we weren't happy that this wasn't stated on the coupon or conveyed to us ahead of time.After leaving, we decided to double check and see if we had missed the part about the gratuity being added since sometimes it is stated in the fine print. What we found is that it states the following, "tipping should be 15%-20% of the total bill before discount". Other coupons for other places stated if the gratuity would be added. After being insulted that they would assume that because we have a coupon we don't know how to properly tip, and then lied to about what is actually stated on the coupon, we decided we won't be going back.
4	This is a really neat little joint! Don't let the suburban strip mall exterior fool you. You park outside and step in, and it's a large couple of rooms with high ceilings and rustic wood rafters that great you. The waiters march around in lederhosen, and I do believe its the owner that is host, a tall gentleman with silver hair who is very earnest and attentive. So apparently crepes are french. I should have known this, but it somehow slipped my mind. So we have a french themed restaurant right in the middle of Arrowhead. But you know what? It was good. Really good. The crepes are made out of buckwheat flour, and are crispy on the edges and fluffy on the insides. The fillings are savory- I got the one with the smoked salmon, and my husband got what I think is the Mediterranean- it's the one with scallops and the creamy sauce. Both were to die for, and (since I'm trying to eat better) perfectly portioned. You don't feel short changed, but neither are you eating for three that evening. The list of cocktails was cool, with some pretty cute names, and they had some really cool belgian craft beers. My husband is a beer geek and he definitely enjoyed the idea of ordering a beer he'd never had anywhere else. I do feel it necessary to explain that while this place specializes in crepes, they also have fondue, and some other thing where they hang skewers of meat on a hook and sear it by dousing it with fire and alcohol tableside. Multiple people got it, and we never got tired of watching the spectacle each and every time. Definitely give it a shot, I know we will next time!Now for the bad part (which really to me isn't all THAT bad, but I feel like it should be mentioned)- we got there on a Monday night, and they were swamped. The owner had a full dining room and maybe only two waiters running about, one of which really didn't seem to be doing much. No bus boys. So it took forever to make your order, get your drink, and then get your food. I purposely asked for dessert menus ahead of time so that I could order dessert and try to skip being forgotten by our waiter, but no luck. He forgot those too. It was enough that we pretty much didn't get any dessert for it- we were done waiting, very honestly. It was a bit of a bummer. Not enough to keep me from giving this place a thumbs up, nor to keep me from going back, but... a bummer nonetheless.
5	Le Chalet was super good.  The crepes are varied & filled with yummy deliciousness. And to top it off the waiter was oober cute.
5	This place was amazing from the food, atmosphere and service! I would highly recommend trying it out. We will definitely be back!!!
3	This review isn't fair. I wanted to let you know from the beginning. I came here for a large party (40+ people). I know that this experience is going to be very different than coming here for dinner, so this review is only for an experience having a party here. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is very kitschy and has a lot of Swiss decor. We had the whole bar room for the party and the set up was nice. The appetizers they served were alright (I only tried the bacon pizza type thing...it was ok, a little odd and a little cold...but that's often how things go at a large function). The first big debacle was the drink situation. They had 3 or so bartenders but they didn't have water out on the table or people coming around to bring drinks so the bartenders were SLAMMED. Even if you only wanted water you had to wait for a long time. Why not put out glasses of water and pitchers (maybe one of tea and one of water?) ? This would have reduced the wait and put less stress on these poor bartender ladies and made the whole experience more pleasurable. Anyway, the food came out slooowly (again, a byproduct of a large party). They brought out plates with several sauces, but no explanation of what the sauces were. Then awhile later they brought out a dish of sweet potato fries...were we supposed to dip in the sauces? I dunno. Then some salads, but not enough for the whole table...looked individual, but I guess they were for sharing. We were all really hoping for some clarification on what any of these things were, but did not receive any. Then they brought out the raw meat, chicken and steak, and actually explained cook times for them and warned not to use the metal pitchfork cooking apparatus to eat the meat, as it might burn your mouth. Got it. The cook times they gave us were a little under the necessary times, but I understand that it is not always consistent. The meat was good, the method of cooking it was far better than the melting pot.... forget broth, they had oil. This made the meat come out more tender, which I liked. The only bad part was all the smoke....got really smokey in there after awhile. Oh, and that this made the owner (manager?) stress out a lot (as is to be expected) with carrying the hot oil between the tables and someone tried to pick up the oil, which I think just about gave him a heart attack...poor guy. After we were done with the meat, they served dessert, which was an assortment of fruits and whatnot with a chocolate fountain. The chocolate was kind of cold... more like a hershey's chocolate sauce than a fondue chocolate, so it wasn't amazing, but it was fine. This was a very cool idea for a party; however, I don't think they are completely ready for a party this size. Maybe stick with coming here for just dinner. I would definitely try it again in that capacity.
5	I have to say after reading some of these negitive reviews im shocked. The wait staff were extreamly pleasant. I went with my niece and nephew who are both under 6 years old and the staff was as friendly as can be. As far as the food I was shocked at how good it was (we had inteneded to dine at the I ndian reasturant next door but they were closed).  I had the hanging man (steak cooked table side) and thought it was delicouse. My mother being gluten intolerant was very excited that almost the entire menu was glutten free, and my picky niece and nephew enjoyed eating off all of our plates. And for the grown ups the beer was awesome. This place is perfect for a date night and i plan on returning often.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that we came here with a high level of enthusiasm, very open minds, and no prior experience with Swiss cuisine.  Which is how the restaurant was presented on "Check Please, Arizona."  So we were positive at the outset.  Unfortunately, our entire experience here was akin to sitting through a 0-star movie simply for the stubborn fact that we'd paid admission and wanted to see how it ended (although we couldn't wait for that end to arrive).Very nice, welcoming interior.  Service was . . . disinterested?  Not horrendous, not good, not passable, just . . . bleh?Arrived at 1 PM on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty.  Ordered quickly--and the food took 35 minutes to arrive.  This was disappointing . . . and I will further expound on this later in the review.Flammenkuchen:  never had this before, so can't say if it is "genuine" or not, but it really wasn't anything spectacular.  Just kind of a doughy pizza with apples and bacon on top rather than cheese and sauce.  It was tasty . . . but really not something I'd like to eat again.  Certainly not a dish that brought the house down.Dessert Crepes:  they were OK.  Not the best I've ever had, but they were tasty and we didn't leave anything behind.Sweet Potato Fries:  again, OK.  Not the worst I've ever had, but certainly not meriting the gushing review given them on "Check Please."The most frustrating/disappointing part of this whole ordeal was the La Bressane.  The waiter attempted to explain what this was to me when I ordered, but he certainly did not do justice to the most ludicrous dining experience I've ever been exposed to in my entire life.  He brought out a pot of hot oil, a burner, a plate with ~4 ounces of various dipping sauces, a bowl of bread crumbs, some skewers, and a 7-oz chicken breast cut into 20 or so pieces.  His explanation:  skewer the chicken, roll in bread crumbs, cook in the oil for 30-60 seconds, dip in sauce, eat, repeat.  OK.  Sounds great in theory.This, of course, begs the question of why, if all the chef had to do was cut a chicken breast into 20+ pieces, did it take 35 minutes for my food to arrive after ordering?Well, it turns out that 30-60 seconds in the oil leaves the chicken raw.  Actually takes 3-5 minutes for each piece to cook.  Which meant that I had to fight with this pot of boiling oil for over 90 MINUTES in order to successfully consume 7 ounces of chicken.  As I was so ravenous, I kept burning my mouth with the chicken which, I discovered, when soaked in boiling oil for 3-5 minutes takes forever to cool to eating temperature.About halfway through this enraging process, I discovered that my cooking oil was disappearing.  Of course it was--it was soaking into the chicken, which was then being transferred to my stomach.  So the last half of the meal took almost twice as long to cook as the first half did, as I was depleting my "cooking medium."I have observed animal behavior experiments in college where lab rats had to work less for their food than I did for this meal.  And then, for the rest of the day, after ingesting at least a cup's worth of cooking oil I was rewarded with some of the most noxious intestinal fumes I have ever smelled.  Couple that with 6 hours of diarrhea the following day and the tale is complete.But . . . not quite.  $60 (2 people, no drinks) and 2 hours wasted on this ridiculously laughable dining experience.  Not sure how that price can be considered fair . . . since I, Joe Schmoe, basically COOKED MY OWN MEAL!Maybe mine was an isolated experience, but the food, service, and ambiance were not such that I will waste that amount of time, money, and energy on Le Chalet ever again.PS:  I see a lot of reviews here stating they serve "French cuisine."  I was led to believe that it was Swiss.  It was certainly nothing like any of the other French restaurants I have frequented in 3 different countries (not France).  Unless it mimics a specific "region" in France?
5	Best food in town! This place blows The Melting Pot out of the water. The servers are fantastic and really provide a personal experience. If you live here or just visiting, Le Chalet is a must.
4	Crepes were amazing, really really good. Nice little spot on 59th ave and bell.Good selection of French style food and wraps.Service was meh. Tried to get us to leave really fast. The usual line: "here's your receipt, but don't rush" comes back a few minutes later, is the receipt ready?" really ?
2	Would not recommend as far as service. Food was good, but have had better!My son has loved this place until last night. Appetizer not prepared as ordered, so had to reorder and charged for both until we complained at end. Three meals ordered, only two arrived and they kept saying next one would be there soon, but we were way finished and never arrived. They thought they were being so generous to take the meal which was never served off our bill! They were so full of themselves! Not going back for a long time, if ever!
5	Don't let the strip mall location fool you, Le Chalet has some seriously good food! They serve swiss/french specialities, think Crepes and fondu! The interior isn't anything to write home about, but really who cares when you have food as good as they do! Their beer sampler is insane. A few of the standouts through out the night was their Table Side French Raclette which is a plate served with 4 different kinds of cold cuts with a basket of steamed potatoes, but the best part of the whole entree was the fact that they served it with this amazing cheese they melted table side! So yummy! The Hanging Man which is another one of their house specialties. Beef Tenderloin served flameed  table side with rice and several dipping sauces. All of their Crepes were to die for as well.  Portions were huge and big enough to share and prices weren't too outrageous. Worth a trip if your looking for something different.
5	If you are looking for a cheaper version of "Melting Pot" and a fondue restaurant, Le Chalet has great varieties of food to check. It's also nearby the Arrowhead Mall which is a convenient location. A friendly, a college, and a date oriented setting, Le Chalet has one of the best caramel and chocolate fondues shared with friends. Beware of the price though!
5	I came here with the International Supper Club. This will probably be my last one for awhile but I sure went out with a bang. I remember seeing pictures of this place with it's cave like stage but didn't know this was that place. I am very glad I decided to go.Always great company with the ISC and the food was very good too. I have had a crepe or two before but I have never had Ratatouille. As soon as I saw the Ratatouille crepe on the menu I knew that was what I was going to have. I will admit that ever since I saw the Pixar movie I have wanted to try Ratatouille.I was a great choice. It was very good and the waffle fries I got with it were awesome. They looked like potato chips but tasted like fries when you bit into them. I was blown away. Expecting one taste and getting something completely different but still good. Best idea anyone ever had ever. I also got the big boot of beer. That was a lot of fun to drink. Nice Glass shaped just like a boot.Then it was desert time. I got the Triple Chocolate crepe. That was so good too but alas I could not finish it. Between the Ratatouille and the beer I was full.It was so good. So was the company. As usual. Thanks to Monica O and Ursula D for setting this up. They always pick the best places. I will definitely be back here again. Oui oui!!
3	For March 2014, the International Supper Club UYE dined at this establishment.  I was happy to try out the place because I had heard some nice things about it.   I ordered the Fresh Cold Cuts and Cheese plate to share with the group.  This was a fine appetizer that was good for sharing and passing among the Yelpers seated at the table.  For dinner I ordered the Mount St. Michel.   Unfortunately, this wrap was equally unappealing to my eyes as it was to my taste buds.  I ate about a third of it and tossed the rest.  I took photos of it, but I think it would be unfair to the restaurant to post them.  I might change my mind later.  Tom S talked about the pictures so bad, I felt horrible for taking it.  I did not order a desert.  I was happy, but not impressed, with the group experience.  We were seated in the second dining room with the stage.  I believe on certain nights, the restaurant has live performances, so check their website if you are interested.  There were about 16 of us that night with one server to take all of our orders.  That seemed to prolong the ordering process and the service was a little slow.  I suppose we were served in a fairly timely manner, nevertheless.  With the size of our groups, I tend to be a little more tolerant of slow service.  BUT, 1 server?My return factor for Le Chalet is about 10%.
5	WOW, so glad we were in the area & saw this fondue place! Feeling famished after running errands all over town, decided 2 give them a try & so glad we did (esp after walking out of a Melting Pot in Scottsdale which will b a l8er review). Passing this place on the road, we wouldn't have thought it was a restaurant if it weren't 4 the fondue banner so Yay 4 that!   Upon entering, we took in the ambiance which felt welcoming & a combin8ion of intim8, romantic but yet casual setting @ the same time. We really like places that have that nice upscale feel without having 2 feel out of place if not dressed up. We opted 2 sit on the more casual looking side near the open kitchen area (the other section of the interior 2 the right as ur entering was even nicer so we'll opt 4 that side sometime when dressed up a li'l more than what we were wearing 4 running errands out in the heat).   We sat @ a table that had a connected booth on 1 side & chairs on the other (interesting 2 have either choice @ same table, esp 4 those w/ back issues) while taking in all the offerings on their extensive lunch menu. After much deliber8ion we finally made our selections of Roquefort 6" Flammenkuchen & the Mont St Michel Crepe Wrap 4 appetizers, the Alaskan smoked salmon blinis salad, Mediterranee Sea Scallops w/ Leeks & Saffron sauce 4 our entrees complete w/ a side of sweet potato fries, & a decadent Salted Butter Caramel crepe & Crepe Williams w/ pears 4 dessert. Me thinks we died cuz EVERYTHING couldn't have been more HEAVENLY!!!   Service was Exceptional in every way from the pleasant hostess who greeted/seated us 2 our 1derful on~the~ball w8tress who never inquired about refills cuz she made sure they never got close 2 empty. We even made friends w/ an older out~of~town couple from Prescott who l8r sat next 2 us as we exchanged... Ooh, what's that ur having? I'm sure this place hears that a lot!!   So if Amazingly complimentary flavors & textures w/ perfect seasonings & gooey forbidden delights is ur palate's fancy, this is Defin8ly a go~2 place & our taste~buds can't w8 2 return 4 more @ our soonest opportunity ~ they were certainly thanking us that wk~end... A new Fave!!
4	One of my favorite places to eat in the chain-restaurant laden Glendale area. The Bergere crepe is my go-to order and the balsamic vinagrette dressing with the side salad is very good. My husband always gets the La Potence ( aka the hanging man) and has never been disappointed with the quality of the meat and the side sauces are great. Desert is a must, so make sure you save room. The staff is always polite, prompt and full of suggestions if you can't decide on a meal or drink. The only improvement I would make is a larger wine selection by the glass, but still a full menu and wine list that will not disappoint!
3	Pricey for what you get, but delicious. I wish they would allow you to order meat at the temp you want it. That's good customer service. If they would let you get it like you want it,  4 stars all the way.
5	Amazing, would (and do) recommend to everyone!!!! If you want to try new things go here!
5	My sister and I went here for dinner and didn't expect it to be so divine. Service was awesome food was even better steak and Crepes are def the way to go! I loved the way they served the steak we order they cooked it right in front of us and it came with a bunch of different dipping sauces all f which were delicious . I highly recommend this place !
5	Great food and service! To be fair, it was dead and it didn't seem like the employees had much else to do...but hey I'll take it. We ordered the house special Le Potence and it was delicious! We have never had French food before so it was a fantastic experience. The Brie was great as well. We ended the night with some yummy chocolate fondue. Overall great experience!
1	Despicable service. Went in there on a Sunday and restaurant was empty (1st red flag) and was seated by one rude hostess. Proceeded to be seated with our 18 month old who was a bit fussy to get in his high chair and that's when the condescending stares begun (2nd red flag) but went in on the assumption that it was kid friendly from yelp but oh no...not even close. Continued to be optimistic since it was a quiet Sunday. Big mistake. The manager (assuming since he was not uniformed)  made it obvious that we and our children were not welcome making a condescending comment about their establishment  was "not a chuck and cheese or mcdonalds".  Very true, those have customers and better service yet. Sorry but at that point we walked out, luckily only having ordered our drinks.  I've had bad food and bad service before but nothing that was more worthy of a despicable review than this place. Please update to denote this place is NOT kid friendly (or has anything resembling  customer service).
1	Terrible service.  NOT kid friendly.  Restaurant should be ashamed of themselves for the way they treat customers. I was with the Vivianna and could not believe the service we received. Will never return to this restaurant and want to the restaurant across the street that was packed. No wonder this restaurant was empty.
5	I was on my way to Winco's Food, when I scanned through the word "Crepe". Immediately, I turned into the parking lot &decided to give this a go. I was in the mood for something sweet, but turned out to be somewhat of a fancy restaurant. The owner welcomed us in &guided us through the menu. We chose appetizers that were at a reasonable price &ended up finding my way through desserts :] I was very pleased w/the customer service!
4	Awesome food and service!! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. The food however is very price, our check was well over $100 for two of us. Great place to go every now and then.
5	the food is awesome and they have lots of fun activities and entertainment - love it!
4	Nom, nom, nom! This place is FANTASTIC. We ordered the raclete, and it was out of this world. They bring out a wooden wheel with different meats and some small potatoes. You thinly cut up your potatoes and top them with the meats. Then, Alain the owner, comes over with a huge wheel of cheese. He melts the cheese by hand, under a heater, and covers it all over your meat and potatoes. So sinful. The hanger steak is just delightful. They cook it in front of you. Yes, the service was a bit slow, but the food makes up for it. Definitely go to enjoy some good conversation with your friends. We had 3 types of dessert crepes that I'm dreaming about. I'll definitely be back for sure.
5	i thought the food was great! we had wonderful "flaming" presentations of steak! the unusual menu assortments were a treat to choose from. we had five in our party, each with different eating requirements. their awesome menu was able to accomdate everyone. all in all, its a great place to go for a  special or an any time occasion.
5	This is a really unique place for the West Valley!  The food is delicious, a decadent treat.  Crepes are not something that a lot of restaurants can do well and their buckwheat formula is really tasty and pretty healthy (it just gets unhealthy with what you put in them).  They also have an on tap beer selection that is quite different, opt for the sampler and try a range of these foreign, unheard of beers.  They really like details...from the ice cave to the fun bathrooms with windows...it becomes a dining experience.  I come here for what I call a "cheat meal" because I just have to also have a dessert on top of a beer and dinner.  Salted caramel fondue, are you kidding me...its crazy good, but I usually opt for the smores crepe (not on the menu but just ask for caramel, chocolate and coconut).  They will be moving Oct. 11 so give them a try soon at this well decorated location!
3	Great service and amazing food.  I love their cheeses, steaks and wines.  Definitely a favorite.
3	I would say that this place is average.  The prices are a little high and the service is variable.  The hostess will literally not allow people to take the best seats available, because those seats are "reserved" for parties of a certain size.  We sat through our entire meal just staring covetously at the empty table where we wanted to sit.  Parties of a certain size never randomly walked in while we were there, mainly because this is not San Francisco and there is more than enough seating for all possible customers.  On the bright side, I really liked their almond crepe.  I also liked the closed-circuit TV that shows the chef preparing the food in the kitchen.
5	This place has the most amazing food. The Le Potence is out of this world. They have great fondue and crapes.The staff is awesome. There is a TV in the lounge that your can watch your food being made.
5	Went last night and had a wonderful experience. Autumn, our server, was wonderful. She was helpful, attentive and made the evening even more enjoyable. Thanks Autumn. You rock girl!!  We had a little of everything. I think their crepes, both sweet and savory, are the best. Need to go back and try them all. In a world of same old chains this was a breath of fresh air. I will be back!
3	CLOSED.   Just went there for dinner and there was a sign on the door that they had closed, lost lease.  Weird, cause I checked out their web-site before going and they haven't updated it.
5	Yep..it's closed.Hopefully the owner will reopen...hopefully closer to Surprise.  We fould this to ba a classy, yet friendly place to eat with great food, and reasonable prices..and always awesome  service....Thank you, Allain...best of luck in the future.Makes me really upset when a very good restaurant loses it's lease due to landlord greed...happened a lot in Tempe a few years ago...The ought to be some sort of rent control to protect the small business woner.
5	This was so good - sad to see that the rent got out of hand! Reopen in downtown Phoenix - you will be supported!
