4	I got the $10 any pizza carry out deal. Ordered online. Super fast and easy. Cool people working there. Good customer service which is surprising for a big chain. They offered to give me my pizza for free because their online system didn't alert them to cut in squares as requested. Gotta appreciate that.
1	If I could give this Pizza Hut no stars I would. I was so disappointed...for the last time with this location. I ordered my pizza at around 7:30 on a Saturday evening and was quoted a wait of about 20 minutes for pickup which seemed decent. I got to the location at around 7:50pm and waited for 10 minutes before finally leaving with NO service. Mind you, when I entered the door bell rang and then after a few minutes with no service (I figured they may be busy with a phone order) I rang the bell at the register. Again, waited a few minutes and rang the bell again. After waiting 10 minutes I decided to leave and go to the location on Hayden and McDowell. Needless to say, if you can avoid this location and go to Hayden and McDowell where they know about customer service I'd recommend it.
5	I had a very bad experience at this location and they reluctantly gave me credit for my next visit.  I decided to give it  another shot and I am so glad I did!  This pizza was the bomb!!!  It was night and day compared to the other pizza I ordered before!  AND I did not have to wait 45 mins!After the first bite, I called them back and let them know how de-lish this pizza was and to say "Thank You"!  I found out there is a new manager there (effective yesterday) name Tony, and he was very understanding, polite, and he cared!  Thanks Tony!  I will definitely put this pizza hut back on my list!   And I will continue to patronize this now customer service oriented establishment!
1	I wish that I could give this place half a star.  I just barely moved into my new condo in Scottsdale and wow I was excited! I ordered pizza and some special chicken alfredo. Sadly when the food arrived there were no napkins and no plastic ware. Generally comes with drive thru from Taco Bell or ... Which I probably should have done. After speaking to the manager LOGAN and telling him about my experience he immediately hung up on me. When I call back to try to rectify the situation I was on hold for 20 minutes. So I went to my neighbors house and use their phone.   Logan immediately answered and then once he knew it was me he hung up on me again. It could have been quite simple to apologize and rectify the situation. Evidently there's no management in management.
1	Decided to order a pizza and saw a pizza hut commercial so thought yea I'll give it a try since I had not had pizza hut in ages!!!!! Called in to place my order and the women who answered the phone "Gullian" or something like that, was the rudest and probably had the worst customer service that I have ever experienced! When I asked what my crust options were again she paused took a deep breath as if she was irritated with me asking for the options of the pizza I am going to pay for. She got loud and rude so I  let it slip but by the second time when I asked how many topings she raised her voice and began to yell out the answer.  That is just uncalled for and disrespectful to customers. When I called back to ask for the manager she claimed to be the manager. If this place is ran by people like this, I want no part of it! Took my money to papa johns and enjoyed their friendly upbeat service.  Thanks pizza hut for that awful experience I will probably never be trying pizza hut ever again.
1	Was on hold for ten minutes before they hung up on me... They didn't say one word.... I got one though... Bullshit!! I want some god damn Pizza Hut lol!
1	This location stated that they were too busy for deliveries and suggested a try one of their competitors... Really?
2	Delivery took forever.  Pizza wasn't hot and barely any toppings on it.  Domino's is way better.
