4	I go to this gym 4-5 times a week. place is always clean and the owner is hands on. If a machine is broken or cable needs to be fixed it is always taken care of quickly.
4	I went to this gym today trying to decide where I want to get a membership.  I have to say the staff is friendly, the gym was busy but not overly crowded, and there seems to be a nice variety of gym equipment for the size of the gym.  There is no pool or showers here so if that is important then this place is not for you.  Right now I was told the monthly membership fee is $10 per month (that includes childcare for up to 2 hours) and I was not pressured to sign up.  Instead the staff person gave me a 10 day pass for my husband and myself to come and try the gym out.  I think that was super nice and classy of them.
5	This is the first gym I have ever joined and it is great.  All of the staff is super friendly and I see them cleaning all of the time which is a huge plus!  The kids club hours aren't the greatest, and it is closed on Sundays but I just bring my kids when they are open.  The kids club is not huge or fancy but my boys love it.  This is a no frills gym for people who like to work out and not socialize or looking to boost their egos.  It is very affordable and the fact that there is no contract was a huge plus for me.  I am considering getting a personal trainer to tone up so I can't comment on how good they are but I have heard they are very good from a friend of mine.  If you have good intentions of working out at a gym but don't want to commit for two years, I highly recommend Fitness 19.
3	Great little, family oriented gym.  Terrific value. This gym does not offer classes or any amenities like a pool or showers.  However, it's very reasonably priced, clean and the staff is great.    I go to this gym for my regular workouts since it's close to home and the personal training is solid and well priced.  Two things: this gym could definitely use better ventilation in back of the gym which has low ceilings. Also, paper towel dispensers and sanitizer in the public areas of the gym should replace the yucky the single cloth towel that exists to clean the equipment before/after your workout.
4	I think Muddy's review hits the nail on the head. This gym is for getting in, working out, and getting out, and nothing more. It has most of the equipment that you need and it's generally in good repair (recently one piece was broken for over a week--too long in my book). There are some things I'd like to see (squat bar pads that aren't worn out, enough collars for all of the olympic bars -seriously, how much do those cost?!-, a decline bench, better selection of curl bars, etc.), but even with that, it's tough to beat the price. However, given that Golds has basically the same price with many more amenities, they should probably consider addressing some of these issues (including more sanitizer, paper towels, etc.) or they may lose customers. For now, I'll stick with F19.
1	Sadly, things have gone downhill since my last review, so I cancelled my membership. That alone was a debacle, which I will detail below. The issues that I noted above continued. Worn out equipment. Machines broken for too long. Having to do laps around the gym looking for olympic bar collars. So, I went to cancel.1. Tried to cancel by calling them. Told that I have to either go to the gym or mail a certified letter to cancel. Uh, seriously? 2. Charged a brand new annual membership fee. Yes, on the day that I cancelled. They decided that it was more important to pocket an extra $19 than honor the fact that I was canceling. They refused to refund the charge. So, I'll have to push the bank to reverse the charge or go to court. Yippee. 3. Initially declined to refund the last month's dues that I paid when I signed up. Once I pointed out in the contract that it was refundable, they agreed that it was refundable if I requested a refund. What was I doing if not requesting a refund?So, my guess is that, based on the state of the equipment and the fact that they're trying to squeeze every cent out of their customers, they must be in financial trouble. Why else treat people this way? My advice is to stay away. I've joined another gym where they want you to be happy and try to do what they can to keep you there rather than squeeze everything out of you when you try to leave.
4	This is a gym that delivers on its expectations 100%No Frills, all the equipment is placed into a large room but they have plenty of treadmills, elipticals, stairmasters, and stationary bikes.  They also have free weights, circuit training and plenty of machines.With several televisions and equipment in better than average shape, Fitness 19 delivers.THe kids club is limited in hours and kind of small, geared mostly for the younger kids.The staff is friendly enough.Most important is the price.  although you can pay as high as 12 dollars a month, specials as low as $9.00 are available.  Also, if you refer a friend, you get a dollar off if they join and can drop your monthly fee as low as $5.00 per month.If you expect a juice bar, pool, aerobics and free training, this is not the gym for you but if you are dedicated to working out and already know the equipment you like, you can't go wrong here.
5	No frills, low cost, quality gym. I come here 3-5x/week and am always able to use the machines I want to with out issue and get in a quality workout on MY time. Solid staff and most of my fellow gym goers respect Gym Etiquette.
5	I love this gym. They recently added a bunch of CrossFit equipment and are posting workout ideas daily. They're equipment is well maintained, clean and always working well. They've also added some group classes that will kick your butt in 25 minutes. I'm here 3-4x a week and my 2 yr old twins are very happy in the free kids room. The trainers are very knowledgeable and affordable and always available to spend 10 minutes with you if you have any questions. I can't believe how affordable this place is. I pay under $10 / month and free kids room hours are included! Overall this gym has a family environment that's very comfortable for everyone. I've worked out next to moms, college kids, firemen and Mike Tyson! It's a gym that suits everyone's athletic needs.
5	I seriously love this gym. A quick little story, I started working out here over a year and half ago. I've been through a few gyms since I've moved a lot and I can honestly tell you this is the best one by far. The trainers are awesome, the staff is incredibly kind as well as the people, and they will go out of there way to help you if you seem lost or confused on a certain machine. They seriously treat you like family. All of the staff knows the regulars by name and they treat everyone like family.  What I really liked was that trainers don't get to kick people of machines that they want their clients to use. I had a trainer here for a while and he did wonders. If you ever need a quality trainer ask for Pat! He is wicked awesome. If you're looking for a gym, either seasoned experts at working out, or rookies this is the place to go!
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting for 5 days and we were itching to get to the gym. We called several that were well over $15 for a drop-in, but this place gave us a good deal: $5 each person! Normally it's $10, but they were pretty nice about it. There were a ton of options for conditioning and a central group area for plyometrics/group boot camps with a timer going, which was inspiring. Everyone there seemed pretty intense, they really took their fitness seriously. Compared to our gym back home, this place was awesome and we seriously miss it. The only thing I wish they would have had was foam rollers.
4	Great gym for the $10-12/month. I re-joined this gym after going to anytime fitness for a year. I have to say that they improved a lot on the cleanliness and on the number/variety of workout equipment  there is at this location. Busies time is from 5-8PM, but after that its pretty quite and you can get your work out done. There are no showers, but there is a kids room. All equipment is always functional and weights section is one of the biggest I've ever seen. I highly recommend you to check this place out.
5	I am have been a member of Fitness 19 in Oklahoma City for over 4 years and have always been very loyal to MY GYM! I come to Henderson in January and stay 2 months. Every year the trainers and other employees at Fitness 19 in Henderson are very welcoming. For the last two years I have had a trainer for at least part of my stay which keep me honest!  But whether or not I have a trainer, I am always treated like a longtime member here.  This gym is clean and has a wide choice of machines and weights to use.  Usually there are machines available, the exception being weekend mornings. Still there is not a very long wait.  Occasionally there is a machine that is not in working order; but those machines are quickly repaired.Overall, I am so imperessed by this gym, feeling like I am at my gym at home. Of course I can say the price is good and i certainly get my money's worth. Try this gym, you won't be disappointed.
