3	I went here for a beer and food pairing event hosted by Dogfish Head Brewing.  The meal was ok, the service was very good.  I don't know what a normal dinner here would be like, but I am pretty sure some of the appetizers we were served could easily be purchased at Costco and the various courses were not nearly as good as I had expected.  I don't know if they were unable to deliver great food due to the menu of this event or what, but I don't think I would ever go back.
3	Good ambiance, good dinner 3/5Berk, Dorfy and I were at the Pinon Grill restaurant on Saturday night for our long-needed girl night out! Berk and I stayed at the Millennium Resort at Scottsdale, where the Pinon Grill is located that weekend. We started with two appetizers - baby ribs and mozzarellas and tomato salad. We were really impressed by the ribs and the salad! Good job on that! On the entree, we had the scallops + grill shrimps dish, buttery sea bass dish and a steak dish! The seafood was good but only so-so in their steak. Overall, I think with the price of every dish (average of $28-$30 per dish), the quality of the food was average. Service was good, but not above the par compare to other fine dining. Not above average with the price. Desert time!... we ordered a fruity cream brulee and a very chocolaty  chocolate cake! They were good! Berk and I hit the sack after a good dinner and good laugh. Good restaurant with good friends on Saturday, but a bit doubtful I will check back again in the near future! Too many good options out there! :)
1	Ugh, this place is just terrible. It tries to be high-end but has nothing going for it -- not even that view of the ugly fake lake. Definitely not worth the hefty price tag! We had a 6:30 reservation that night and they had already run out of the rib appetizer by the time we got there. When I ordered a salad and soup as an entree, they told me I shouldn't do it because the two plates "wouldn't fit next to each other." I persisted, and they made it seem like a huge inconvenience -- but when the plates came out, everything fit just fine. My mom's salad was wilted and my lobster chowder was bland with absolutely no taste. The salmon entree was dry and the carne ranchero annoyingly chewy. We really couldn't get out of here quickly enough, and ended up snacking in our hotel room afterwards!
2	This place is really trying to be upscale, but it's not.  To me an upscale place is where you can't afford to bring your little brats.First, the good.  The staff was friendly and prompt.  Refills kept on coming.  I ate here for 6 meals over my 2 day stay at the resort and I never ordered the same dish twice just so I could try a variety.Here is a rundown of what I ate and the quality:-Chicken Quesadilla: So soggy it was falling apart, inedible-Arcioech (sp) Scallops:  It's Arizona, there are no fresh scallops.  They were overcooked and the seared spices were a soggy mess.  The potatoes and Dijon dressing were great though.-Eggs Benedict: Very good, cooked perfectly.  They do it a little different and give you smoked salmon instead of canadian bacon.  Not a bad change but they were a little cheap on the quantity of salmon.-Matador Hamburger: Fantastic burger and they will cook it rare.  If you order one well done, you shouldn't be allowed to review any red meat.-Center Cut Filet: Obviously not a prime cut.  Perfectly cooked and seared.  Veggies were also well seasoned and not overcooked.  Good choice.-Salmon: Great seasoning, slightly overcooked and bizarre sauce with the consistency of pudding under the garnish.  The sauce added nothing to the fish.-Creme Brulee: Very nicely done, maybe a little too much heat on the sugar, but still delish!-Caprese Salad: Tomatoes were flavorless and old (dried out appearance). Mozzarella was obviously a Costco purchase (not bad though).If I wasn't eating here for free, I would balk at it just for the prices let alone the mixed quality of the food.No hot waitresses here, but the server staff was great.
4	My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 different times.  We always take an Entertainment or Restaurant.com gift certificate for a buy one get one free or $25 off deal.  Last night was our best experience yet there.  We ordered a caesar salad to share and when it was delivered the kitchen had already split the plate. I was surprised how much there was after it was split, it was plenty.  I must almost mention the rolls and butter.  I usually don't, it's like commenting on a mexican restaurant's chips, but these were great, crusty but still chewy. But it was the honey butter that really made it great.  After salads, the entrees came.  I had salmon and my wife had the sirloin (it was her concession since I would take her to Flemings because we already went to Temple and a reception before dinner).   Both were amazing.  the salmon was the best I'd ever had and I boarded with a family who fished for salmon in the north pacific off Alaska every year and they knew how to cook salmon.  It had a great slightly spicy glaze with this amazing lemony sauce on a bed of greens.  My wife's sirloin was melt in your mouth tender with a spicy, smokey barbeque sauce served with garlic and buttered spinach and roasted baby potatoes.  This was a meal fit for a king, yet we left without leaving more than $40!  4 stars to Pinon Grill.
3	This was a real mixed experience. Had I paid full price, I would have been pissed, but I used a restaurant.com discount, so we got $25 off our $57 meal. We paid $32, which was about what the meal was worth.First, the weird: We walked in on a Tuesday night at 7:15, and there was no one at the hostess station. Oh yeah. There was no one in the entire restaurant, either. After a while, a waiter came out of the kitchen and greeted us. I've never been in an entirely empty restraurant before. Eerie. A few other diners came in after, but it was basically empty all night.The food was okay. I had a sirloin steak that had a nice char to it as well as a decent red chili sauce for a good kick. But the portion was TINY. Like, maybe 6 oz. The fingerling potatoes tasted like fingerling potatoes. The spinach was uninspiring. My other half had the fajitas, which smelled good. He said it was fine, nothing special, but nothing bad, either.It was one of those meals that necessitated a meal after it. Or a big snack, anyway.The service, given that there was no one else in the restaurant, was really slow. Nice waiter, not negligent, but we waited a long time for everything. Not sure why.This restaurant is worth a trip if you have a coupon. Otherwise, I think you can do a lot better.
2	Looking for a romantic dining experience with below average food?  Here it is.We were excited to try this place because we'd heard about the patio seating overlooking a lake, romantic lighting, and even an outdoor fire pit.  But as we were being seated, we noticed the restaurant was almost empty.  Not a good sign.  It took a while for a server to approach our table.  When we asked to see the prix fixe menu, he seemed annoyed.   We decided against ordering from the prix fixe menu anyway, because it was solely Irish food designed to commemorate St. Patrick's Day, even though we were there a week or so after the holiday.  It took another long while to actually place our food order.   I also asked for an ice tea refill, which never came.  This is not the kind of service you'd expect for a "fine dining" experience.As for the food, after our salad course, we were presented with a complimentary amuse bouche which was a little bit of olive oil, cheese, and a cherry tomato, served stylishly in a shot glass (see pic).  This seemed like a promising way to start our meal.  My husband had the filet and he said it was good.  I had the pork chop and it was awful.  Most of it was grizzled fat, and when I could find a pocket of lean meat, it was dry and flavorless.  I'm usually not one to complain, but the meat was so tough, I had difficulty cutting it, even with a big steak knife.  I should have returned it, but I didn't want to make a scene in such a beautiful environment.  I regret that decision.Yes, the patio setting is lovely, but given the poor service and sub-standard food, we won't be returning
2	We went there for breakfast as we've read about the $4 mimosas all day. The hostess asked us if we want to sit inside or outside on the deck. We said deck. Here's what we didn't know - the deck is part of another restaurant where there are no $4 mimosas :( . There are, however, $4 miniature glasses of regular orange juice, that on top of being pricey, just tasted bad like it was spoiled. Now for the good part: the lake view is splendid! (always wanted to use this word in a review - I always imagine it being said with a British accent).The service was high class. Tentative and luxurious.  The food was good. Waffles were served with real maple syrup. Portions are not large (which was perfect for us).The whole menu is a little overpriced and I just feel that value for the money is not that great.I know there's a lake and it's in a "resort", but drop a few bucks from every dish, make the OJ freshly squeezed and I'd throw in 2 more stars.
2	I have to agree with the a previous reviewer when he says that he had 'a real mixed experience'...I am giving it 2 stars, but part of me wants to say 1... We ordered this as room service, they were having a really good deal on room rates, which included $25 dining credit and waived resort fee...(but enough about that, I'll talk about it in the hotel review later...)... Anywho, we ordered from the breakfast menu (YAY! Look at us, awake before 11am on a Sunday! hahahaha in your face, Sucka!) Um...yeah, so the boy ordered the chicken fried chicken breakfast w/ a bagel on the side and I ordered the McCormick Omelet w/ a side of toast (yes...you have to pay extra to get toast with your omelet, bizarre) and 2 small cups of juice...um...$44??? YIKES! Okay, so yes, it's room service, but do you really need to GOUGE people like that? Nevertheless, we paid the piper...(only to find out that the $25 dining credit isn't valid for breakfast the next day...only for the night you check in...would've been nice for someone to SHARE that info...but again, that's reaching back into the hotel review... Here's the bad...when the $9 chicken fried chicken "breakfast" was revealed, it turned out to be two chicken strips on a couple of biscuits with sausage gravy drizzled on it...and no...I don't mean some sort of fancified McDonald's extra crispy chicken breast select strips, I mean, the kind that you get when you order off of the kids meal at a restaurant. 1/2 a step above a chicken nugget. *sigh* He was heartbroken. I could see it in his eyes. I was also heartbroken, because I had planned to scam a biteful from his plate. *sniffle* Here's the good...the omelette was very tasty. But the BEST part of it was the Sonoran Breakfast Potatoes. Absolutely delicious, I believe they are hashbrowns with sour cream, jalapenos, and some other seasoning in them, but it definitely is the reason that the review is at 2 stars instead of 1. (Also, once we got past the whole chicken strip mental barrier, it wasn't bad...but seriously, that was not a $44 breakfast, we didn't even get any alcohol in the juice!)
3	I stay at this hotel often for work and although I have never sat in the dinning room I have ordered room service many times. The food is great. Always perfectly cooked from breakfast omelets to salmon and asparagus. I only gave three stars bc I have not had the full dinning room experience.
4	I went here on a lunch date and fully enjoyed my meal as well as the view. Not only where these two key things worthy of a 4 star rating for my dining experience the waiter was extremely attentive even though when we walked in there was not a soul to be found in the front lobby. Once we were seated by a very kind waiter (don't remember his name, sorry!) this experience was a real treat! I will definitely be going back to this place the wrap I had was phenomenal, nachos were unexplainable! My vodka cranberry I ordered was good and strong again another key reason why this place was all around winning! Get the nachos, you won't be sorry!
1	Very disappointing.  We chose the Pinion Grill for a special occasion.  Very nice view but very slow service and unacceptable food.  We both chose the rib eye steak which was a huge mistake.  It was very thin and tough. The waiter apologized for the slow service and comped one of the steaks, but both the venue and the food choices were a mistake.
