2	Heard mostly good things about Lenscrafters, nothing overwhelming. So decided to give them a try. New store opened at San Tan mall so it was close and convenient. The eye exam was fine, really like the Optometrist. The customer service on the store side, however, was not so great. They were courteous enough when we were choosing glasses.  However when we were checking out the computer wasn't accepting the information that was being put in.  The woman helping us said she didn't care if it took 20 minutes, she wasn't asking for help to get in their system. We were hoping it didn't take 20 minutes. Eventually she figured it out.The next thing that put us off was several days later, when we went back in briefly to have my glasses re-adjusted (they were a little tight). An employee took them, then said plainly, "just want you to know that if I break them, we're not responsible."Um, what? So, no, not the best of experiences for me and my husband. We won't go back, nor would we recommend them.
1	I will start this review by letting you all know that I indeed MADE AN APPOINTMENT! I needed a simple exam and new lenses/ frames. They let me know to be there 15 minuted prior to my appointment to fill out paperwork. I was 25 minutes early. When I arrived, the snobby man behind the counter told me they must have "pressed the wrong button" and deleted my appointment from the system. He told me it would be a little bit of a wait, but they would get me in. Needing my new glasses desperately, I decided to wait. One hour later, after I have seen numerous walk ins come in and out, I returned to the counter and asked what the status was. "You're next", he replied with an annoyed look on his face. Second hour, still no luck.THREE HOURS AFTER MY ARRIVAL...no apologies, no discounts, NOTHING!!! Do understand, my car was in the shop and was dropped off. I had no choice but to wait because I was in serious need of these glasses. They screwed up and instead of being respectful and apologizing and making some sort of a compensation, they made excuses and were totally rude. I urge you not to go here. There are wayyyyyyy less expensive eye Dr.'s out there who will appreciate your business.
1	This is quite possibly the rudest optical shop I have ever set foot in. Four technicians were sitting around in the front. Ten minutes of icy stares later, I left without even being acknowledged.
2	The manager is great---very accommodating and listens.  The optometrist is very thorough and kind.   I had only had good experiences in this store---but obviously the "mature lady" referred to was not there on those days.  Wow---does she need a course in customer service!  It was as if someone let the angry cat out in the street!   Why?  Why?  Why?  Very unprofessional.  I am so disappointed.
2	I purchased new glasses at Lenscrafters in San Tan Village, but had problems with the 1.74 high index lenses when heat was applied to the frame (to adjust them), this damaged the lenses and caused the lenses to become permanently streaky, this was most noticeable when driving at night.  I had the 1.74 lenses changed a few times by Lenscrafters but they were damaged as soon as heat was applied to adjust the frames for comfort.  I was subsequently advised by Lenscrafters to revert to 1.67 to avoid having this problem.  I did this and the new 1.67 lenses are fine.Also I purchased prescription sunglasses but when I received them I could not see clearly with them even though I was assured they were the same prescription as my new glasses.  I took them to another opticians and they said they were not exactly the same prescription as my new glasses.  I took them back to Lenscrafters and they took the sunglasses back and gave me a refund.  I got prescription sunglasses at another opticans and have had no problem with them at all.Sheralee and Bonnie are fantastic.  Sheralee is awesome.  I had been back to Lensecrafters quite a few times and she was extremely helpful and courteous.  Sheralee and Bonnie are the two redeeming staff members who ensure that the customer is very well taken care of and the after sales service is great.  Unfortunately because of the problems I have mentioned above, I will not be returning to Lenscrafters in San Tan Village.
1	VERY VERY POOR SERVICE!This Store was lucky to get 1 star from me!When I made an appointment with the San Tan Lens Crafters I arrived on time and was told that they accidentally double booked my appointment.  I thought no problem mistakes happen and I thought they would just squeeze me in.  NO they told me that I had to reschedule.  I then asked why do I need to reschedule have the other person reschedule.  The response is priceless "We can't just bump people!" That is exactly what they just did to me.  The service was HORRIBLE and when a company makes mistakes they need to work to fix them.  Not Lens Crafters of San Tan.  They must have such a large clientele that they feel they can treat people with little to no respect.  This is not my first problem with this store and I would stay clear of this store.
4	The optometrist here is great. Quite friendly and helpful. They always work hard to get me the most for my money when the time comes around for my eye exams. I always walk out happy and with a new pair of Oakley sunglasses to complement my fresh contacts. Ignore the negative comments, you guys are great.
2	This Lenscrafters is a bit hit-or-miss.  Sometimes I go in for an adjustment and they do a great job, other times I end up with the nose pads causing pain.  This visit seemed to go well.  No far the adjustment seems to have been good.If you are getting new glasses their selection seems more limited than some of the other locations.If this one is closer it's worth a try to see if they can help you.
1	The Optometrist was great, very helpful and gives you free samples...ect. No problem with him...but not sure who hires the staff. WOW. I am not a picky person but this was crazy. First of all, they were supposed to call me for a follow up visit when they got my contact order in. NEVER CALLED ME. When I called the store asking if they got my contacts...they said..."hmm, cant find the order...guess they were never ordered." They said they would check with the doc and call me asap. NOPE...no call back. I call the next day...someone else answers the phone. I say.."nobody called me back yesterday...they said my contacts were never ordered." They said.."no...your contacts are here and we tried to call you on the 8th to come in." Nope...checked my phone and voicemails...NOTHING. Then I come in for the follow up. "Oh..you didn't need an appt...you just need to try the contacts on and go" OK....then WHY did the person on the phone tell me to come in for an appt!?!?!?! The front office is unorganized, rude, inexperienced ect. I was shocked these people were even hired. Even as I sat in the waiting area....people were walking in complaining....saying they never received a phone call...ect. DO NOT come here. An older lady was giving me odd dirty looks that worked in the glasses area as well!!?? What the heck!?!? Shocked they are still in business.
4	I came to this Lenscrafters after not being able to find what I wanted at the Chandler Mall location. As soon as I came in, i was greeted by Donna, who was very helpful. I tried on many pairs, taking a break in between to give my baby a bottle. Donna called to verify my insurance and noticed there was a proble. Due to the optometrust where  got my eye exam, my insurance indicated I wasn't eligible fir frames. donna called to rectify the situation, but wasn't able to because the optometrist was closed. Donna let me know that I would have to wait until the next day so my insurance could void the issue at the optometrist. We went back the next day, and Donna had already taken care of the situation. I got my glasses, and am happy with the service I received. Donna and Heather were the wo shinih stars at this location!
4	The optometrist was great! Very friendly and gave me free samples of my contacts and solution.  The optometrist staff was unprofessional in my opinion. Their attire looked dirty and they were less than informative. Very chatty with each other. The saleswoman Donna, however was very helpful in regards to getting me information regarding my insurance benefits. Unfortunately they didn't have the Coach glasses I was looking for, otherwise I would have bought from her!!
5	The service and quality at this location are amazing! I went in today and got an amazing deal on lenses, frames, and specialized coating on my lenses - out the door under 300. The staff was very professional and helpful! Highly recommend.
2	I don't like the physical location of the Fiesta Mall LensCrafters but I much prefer their staff at the Optometrist's office and the retail side.I don't recommend booking appointments here online for your eye exams.The Optometrist was VERY nice and so was his assistance, however the front desk staff for the Doctors side leaves something to be desired. Their area also looks messy and cluttered.After our exams (My daughter and I both had appointments)We choose frames and got everything ordered. The woman was perfectly nice and several people tried to help us with frames while we were looking, even offering pictures to do side by side comparisons with frames.After ordering everything, my glasses would be done in an hour and my daughter would have to wait 2 weeks.We went, had lunch, checked out the puppies in the store next to LensCrafters and came back.My sun glasses were fine, one small adjustment and my glasses were all good, it had been relatively painless, here was the kicker though, I was given a cheap LensCrafter case for my brand new glasses (the normal ones) and when I said I'd like a nicer case (I paid well over a thousand dollars for 3 pairs of glasses, when I purchase new glasses I expect a new case and I should get one) I was told they didn't have a case for the brand I choose. Hell, I will PAY for a case but I will have a better case, I'm not walking out with the cheap crappy case. So the gentleman that was adjusting my glasses went round and round with me about how the cheap case WAS in fact nice.I don't need to kick back I just want another case.  I was given a better case, not one I'd have chosen, but I will take it. But he kept loudly stating that he'd make sure I left with a "Not crappy case" 5 or 6 times the lady who was looking for a case for me looked embarrassed that he was antagonizing and belittling my preference for quality when I paid for quality. They don't take my insurance on the retail side, I paid for my glasses with cash and may be reimbursed for some of it. Its not like this was a charity case and I should be grateful for anything that I get.I probably wouldn't have bothered with a review, however my daughters glasses have now taken the 2 weeks they said it would take and I'm a little surprised I ha vent gotten a call yet, so I will followup with them.Thinking about the whole ordeal makes me think that the Fiesta Mall Location is a better choice, even if its further and I don't like the area.
3	Edit
5	I got nothing but excellent service & Optometrist is great, answered all my questions & he explained everything to me & staff was very friendly & helpful as well.
1	This location has horrible customer service.  I recently purchased frames, planning to have the Rx lenses done by costco (way more affordadable than the high index progressives offered by lenscrafters with insurance). I informed the employee that I was unhappy with the fit and would like a smaller fitting frame. I was then prompted to "l look at the tag" for the sizing information. Being one of two customers in the store, I do not feel that asking for this assistance was too much to ask for. Unhappy with the selection and lack of guidance I returned my purchase and left. I truly dislike lenscrafters.
1	I'm not much one to pay attention to reviews but I should have. Terrible customer service. After they made a large mistake they just rushed me out the door! No apology or concern. Trust me when I say do not go here for glasses.
