4	After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff. Only friends and family were invited. We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning. Perhaps.Either way, free lunch.It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered. Not for the weak at heart.It's not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini. Delish! It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test. Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose.I could have taken a little more spice, so next time I might ask them to kick it up a notch, but it was a refreshing foray back to my traveling days when I tried to convince a chef in India that, no, I am actually not white. I just have REALLY light skin. Never worked.Al had the Aztec pizzeti. Coming from NY, I am particular about pizza. This looked like it fit the bill. Very think and crispy crust. A little too much cheese for my taste, but most people out here like it like that. She loved it, along with her bowl of loaded potato soup.Mickey had the Gobbler with a side salad. When she bit into the panini she made a face that I think should remain in the bedroom. Enough said.Bryan had the salad and enjoyed it immensely. It didn't look like much, but I might have to return when they open tomorrow and try it out for myself. The croutons did look very appetizing.One of the attentive staff members made the rounds with a tray of mini chocolate chip cookies. Fantastic. Crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. Mama like.All in all, I'll be back. Probably tomorrow. And maybe the day after...AMENDMENT:OK, so I did go back the next day... and today (which is the following day). Yesterday I had the tuna salad, which was delish. Theur tuna is a little kicked up, as it's made with chipotle mayo (but really not too much) and spoicy pickle relish. Tasty. It was served over a bed of greens with a lemon olive oil dressing.Today I had the med sub. It was ok- nothing out of the ballpark. I got it with the spoinach salad, which was also delish. Down to 4.5, but alas no halfs...Stick with the paninis and the salads. Maybe the soups too. I have yet to try the pizzetti... stay tuned.
4	Was drawn in by the name/sign...it was good.  I had the Sicilian pizzeti, but had to ask for a spicy pickle on the side (they should just offer it).  The pickle was great - I don't know why they don't sell them by the jar at the counter - they would make $$$.  The wait for the pizzetti was longer than I thought it would be, but great thin crust - overall very good lunch choice.Nice place, pleasant, small HD TV with some sports on; clean and a nice patio as well.I'll go back to try salads, etc. for sure.  Defnitiely need to get more of those pickles - they are great!
4	Lame name.  Not so lame sandwiches.  I like it spicy.  Interpret that as you wish, but when it comes down to it -- it takes a lot more than spicy pickles to impress me - say gigantic and decadent choco chip cookies. Don't let the gimmicky name fool you, however, these are some serious sandwiches at Spicy Pickle, a franchise with only one location in the Valley in Chandler.  I found the quality of food and scope of sandwiches offered to be comparable to Dilly's Deli. I had a lunch earlier this week catered from this place, and since they catered half-sized portions I was able to try two: the Santa Cruz sub and wiseguy sub.I found the wiseguy (with italian meats and cheeses) sub to be pretty tasty, but I prefer my subs to not swim in oil and vinegar.  The Santa Cruz sub was pretty good though (and my favorite of the two) - with its ingredients of Mesquite turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, corn relish, cheddar and chipotle mayo.The highlight of the lunch were these large thick discs that looked and tasted like chocolate chip cookies.  Crispy on the edges and moist and soft in the middle.  Seriously, one of the better cookies I have had in a long time.BTW, the pickles are sprinkled with some kind of chili powder and are ok, perhaps they're awesome -- I don't know, I'm not a big pickle fan.
3	I wanted to check this place out after reading some of the reviews.Cute Concept, Lots of Panini's, subs, salads, soups and Pizzetti to choose from Plus a huge "build your own" list of ingredients for your sandwich.I didn't see the cookies everyones been talking about??They have a wonderful patio area with covered umbrella tables and a water feature (See pics)I ordered a panini and a small salad, my guest had a sub.(see pics)And I mean really look at the pics! I Only wish it had tasted as good as it looked.  My panini called for Swiss cheese, but unfortunately it was that processed imitation rubbery chalky kind ,my guests sub said cheddar but arrived with processed American. Very disappointed in that, my panini would have been 10 times better with REAL SWISS Cheese. Both sandwiches were a little bland, and the focaccia on the panini had and overpowering flavor.The salad was delicious though, I was glad. Fresh crisp apple , generous blue cheese crumbles and just the right amount of dressing.(see pics)I think they should have had a condiment counter, with the individual packages or something. I would have like to been able to grab some mustard and thousand island without having to go ask at the counter.To me this was just an average sandwich place, it just didn't do it for me.**2.5 stars
3	I didn't like this place at first. The first sandwich I chose had COLESLAW on it. I hate coleslaw.Then I went again and had a pizza, the another sandwich. I was hooked (granted, it is right across the parking lot from my day job) and wanted more.The employees are very friendly, the seating is comfortable and the service is fast. Tons of choices (I even like the coleslaw now!) and the namesake spicy pickle lives up to its name.Better than Subway or Quiznos, that's for sure.
2	I had been wanting to try this place for some time.  Got a coupon, so the wife and I had lunch there today.  I had a half sandwich (The Englishman) and soup (Loaded Baked Potato) and she had a half sandwich (The Southside) and soup (Broccoli Cheese).  Great tasting all around, but I was unimpressed with the quantity of meat on the sandwiches. I would go middle of the road and give two and half stars, but I just won't go to three, so I rounded down.
4	HORRIBLE NAME!I HATE pickles.  Like H A T E pickles.  We eat at Firehouse Subs next to this location on a regular basis.  Everyone always comments on how does a place stay in business that just sells pickles.  Even our pickle fans found it odd but were intrigued.  The other day there happened to be no parking except the spot closest to the Spicy Pickle front door.  We said what the heck and went in.  Holy crap!!!  Panini's!!!  One of my favorites.  I had the Italian and WOW!!  One of the best sandwiches I have had.  Both people with me got something different and both of them were equally impressed. How this place is called the Spicy Pickle instead of the Perfect Panini is lost on me.  Hoping they can stay in business despite the bad name.  The pickle on the side was given two thumbs up by the people eating with me, but mine went in the trash, where evil cucumbers belong.
2	Eh... the food was good but not something I'd crave?  I had a chicken/swiss panini that evidently came with corn on it?EDIT: (actually it was the Adobe Panini: "Mesquite turkey, fresh mozzarella, green peppers, corn relish and chipotle mayo".  I got called out that there wasn't anything on the menu I said I ate, got it a little wrong but the review remains the same regardless. Here you go Bob M.)Slightly surprised on it but, can't complain... it was good but nothing great.They have subs and soups too - I'd go there again if friends were already going but def not somewhere I'd really mention when trying to think of somewhere to eat.
3	Spicy Pickle delivered sandwiches to the office for a training and after having heard about them, I was impressed.   The Panini's were good, I had the Adobe and it was excellent except a bit heavy on the corn.   The other sandwiches seemed to go over well with the crowd.   For a "boxed lunch" type delivery these guys did a good job - shame the name is pretty horrible.
4	I'm a big fan of lunch stops with good salads and sandwiches. Spicy Pickle is a welcome addition to this list. I've yet to try the pizetti (though it looks good) but the salads and sandwiches I've had have all been delicious. The spinach salad has apples, walnuts, and bleu cheese with an apple cider vinaigrette. Very tasty, though there was a bit too much vinnaigrette at my last visit.  There are several sandwich selections to choose from, but I think the best is to build your own from their list of ingredients.  There are deffinitely enough toppings to make a sandwich to your liking, and I highly recommend choosing the sundried tomato mayo as your spread! Several cheeses to choose from as well, with my favorite being the smoked mozerella. As if that wasn't good enough, I learned that Monday's are free cookie day! .Heaven. The chocolate chip cookie is soft - a little crunchy on the outside yet doughy in the middle. Perfect :)
3	Food is pretty good. I wish there were more options for side choices. I don't always like paying $1.00 for a bag of chips. If you want something a little different give Spicy Pickle a try. Portions are appropriate site, in other words not huge.
4	We've been driving past this place ever since moving and it was time to finally stop in and find out what a place called "Spicy Pickle" actually serves.Turns out it's subs, paninis, salads and little pizza-esque creations and the verdict is this is some tasty stuff. The italian panini was great. Very flavorful and a decent sized portion.It's good to have one more place close to home that I know I'll be happy with. Looking forward to trying out some of the other menu options.
5	My husband and I were driving by (for the 50th time) and finally decided to pull in and look at the menu.  There has been a banner hanging outside that reads, "$5.00 after 5:00 p.m."  We like that!We had just come from the movies which mean I had eaten most of a large popcorn and so wasn't really hungry. We decided to split a sandwich and chose the "Wise Guy".  This had Capocolla, mortadella, hard salami, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, roasted red peppers, pepperoncini peppers, provolone and basil mayo on wheat bread.  Wow!!!!  It was delicious.  About a week later we were still talking about this sandwich and so decided to visit again.  This time (I think it was a Monday) we each got our own sandwich and were also treated to a cookie alongside it.  It is a special thing they do on Mondays.  Again the sandwich was delicious.  In fact, I could eat it right now.  I haven't tried anything else yet, but will definitely be back!
4	Great sandwiches, great pizza, great variety, I've been here twice with a group of over 8 each time, most of us order something completely different and everyone always loves the food. The restaurant is nice looking and clean and they have a huge outside dining area as well. With several vegetarian options, friendly staff and delicious food, this gets highly recommended!
4	Hell. Yes.If you're not adventurous you can build your own sandwich from any of the fixins they've got, but there's good food to be had in their menu. All kinds of delicious gourmet sandwiches. Great bread, unique condiments, and a signature spicy pickle. (Which is both spicy and a damn good pickle.)The service is consistently friendly and reasonably fast. A little slower than a Subway or its ilk, but the sandwiches are made with love, are more complex, and panini(s?) of course require time on the panini press.Also: THE COOKIES. Huge, soft cookies with a beautiful crumb. Nom nom.The only downer--and the missing star--has been the gradual reduction in meat content. Multi-meat sandwiches are still looking tasty, but the single-meat jobs are starting to look a little thin.
2	Spicy Pickle is easy and cheap (sandwiches are currently only $5 after 5 p.m.). A few things bug me about this place though:- They close early. 8 p.m.? Really? - If you go after the lunch rush they will be out of the soups you desperately want and need.- If you go after the lunch rush on Mondays they will be out of free cookies they promise with any sandwich.Good things:- Pickles are yummy.- The basil mayo is yummy.- The kiddos who work there are very nice.MEH things:- The sandwiches are ok. Not amazing. Ok. Still better than Subway, Quiznos, etc.- BF thought the panini crust was too hard.I will try it again. It is a nice departure from the usual fast food.
2	I live maybe 1/10 of a mile from this place, so I wanted badly to like Spicy Pickle. It could be a convenient place to pick up a pizza, a salad, or a sandwich when I'm not feeling much like eating my home-cooked meals. But no... I just can't say I like it. Tried it twice, in fact. Just to be sure. First time I ordered a chicken caesar salad. It was decent - crisp lettuce, shaved parmesan instead of greated/powder cheese. Nice. But the chicken. Ugh. I was hoping - no, EXPECTING. A grilled chicken breast. But this salad had deli-sliced chicken mixed in. Huh? I felt deflated, but ate it anyway. The next time, I ordered a Pizzette (their thin crust pizzas). Again, just "mehhh..."  I just can't bring myself to come back for a third try. I haven't had any sandwiches there, and I'm wondering if maybe that's their "prize" menu item. Hmmm. Should I?
4	Damn. I thought I had reviewed SP already.  Could be that it's 6 am on a sunday and I haven't gone to sleep yet.  Kids, gotta love em'. Or put them up for adoption.  Where to begin, where to begin...First:   Name -   SPICY PICKLE -  A W E S O M E  S A U C E.All you ass hats that don't like the name, don't fucking eat here.  Hey, I'm not a pickle fan either, but that doesn't stop me deep throating their sammiches. (insert gay joke here).  They could'a called the place "Red Hot Fermented Cucumber".  Yeah, that's nice...FYI,  They also have a table that resembles a pickle;  not just shaped like pickle, but RESEMBLES a god damn, translucent green Mother effin' pickle. Gigity.    Second:    Food    -    The first time I ate here, I had a turkey samich with some corn on it and some mildly spicey salsa.  It didn't create the euphoric mexican high I had hoped for, but I remember thinking "damn that is one freshly made sammy"  Fresh...  F - R - E - S - H.   No, none of that "Subway, eat fresh" crapola, I mean fresh like they may have a veggie garden in the back and or a little chicken coop on the roof.  The bad larry did manage to give my tummy a workout later, if you catch my drift, but I'd still eat here again (and again (and again)), it's not like it was Chipotle's carnitas burrito... (According to my girlfriend, I'm not allowed to eat at Chipotle, as it will default me back to bachelorhood)I've also thad the pleasure of masticating their italian sammy;  chalk full o' meaty, cheesy goodness.   mmmmm, meat and cheese, on warm, grilled bread.. Wait, didn't I I read someone elses SP review about the bread being too hard to chew? WTF is that about?  I here-by offer my services as  "step in chewer" to any sally who can't handle the SP's pannini bread.   Conclusion:  - This place is bitchen.  The service has always been excellent, and the food has consistently been the same, delish,satisfying fair that keeps a fat, white mo-fo like me comming back for more, and the restaurant itself is a pleasure to eat in.   STEEEEEEEVE.
5	I love this place! The food here is not only amazing, but also very affordable. I was impressed by the quality and flavor of the food here the first time I went. Plus, every time I come back to order something new, I am impressed again! I love their panini and regular sandwiches; both are equally delicious. And to go with your tasty meal, you also get, don't act too surprised, a pickle! Now, this isn't just any sandwich pickle, it is their very own pickle and it is quite good. One of my favorites! To top it off, they often have $5 meals after 5pm - a good deal!I used to go here all the time when I lived in Chandler and now sadly go less frequently because I live downtown. I hope they open a location in downtown soon!!
3	Good sandwiches, but our order didn't come with any spicy pickles!  Fresh, high-quality ingredients, but I was really hoping to try their namesake spicy pickle and was disappointed to find they didn't put any in our to-go order bag.
3	I finally tried Spicy Pickle last week. I like the name and was intrigued about their menu. Paninis, soups, salads, pizzetas, nothing out of the ordinary. I had a half sandwich ( Sausalito Bandido?), half salad combo( Spinach salad). Food was fresh and good. The sandwich could have stand a little more meat, it was truly flat. The salad was crisp and dressing was on the side, which I appreciated.  On my way out I got a chocolate chip cookie that was OK. I love cookies and they have to be pretty bad for me not to like them. This one, I kid you not, must have had maybe 3-4 chocolate chips? So if you're craving chocolate, this is not the cookie for you.
4	Spicy Pickle is a semi-regular lunch stop for me.  It's close to the office, and until last week, I could snag covered parking.  No more, now all the formerly open spots are "reserved".  Drat.  I've only had one thing here, the "Classico Pizzetti", which is a complicated way of saying "pepperoni pizza".  It's very thin and very fresh, and suits my appetite just right.  The crust is great and there's something about the seasoning in the sauce that hits the spot for me.  Someday I'll get adventurous and order something else from the menu.
4	I recently got another to-go order.  The sandwich was once again delicious, with high quality fresh ingredients, and they did include a spicy pickle this time!  I like the extra kick the spiciness of the pickle provides.  Bumped up a star as a result.
5	AWESOME!!!! Just finished my lunch and I could drive back for more! Perfect amount of food, great price, fun atmosphere, and DELICIOUS food! I have a weird obsession with pickles so you can imagine my excitement when I found this place! The spicy pickle was the perfect ending.
2	I went here with some co-workers and I was not impressed. This place serves expensive sandwiches that are not better than Jason's Deli. Don't get me wrong I am not a huge fan of Jason's Deli but if you want a pretty good sandwich go there.I would have rated this place a 3 but the price dropped it to a 2.
1	So coincidentally, I decided to give this place another try after I wrote this review, and I can't say that I will be back. I am changing my review from 3 stars to 1 just because of the ridiculousness that was my sandwich. I asked for no cheese, add avocado. Simple right? Apparently not because about 80 percent of the time I have asked for avocado (and it costs an extra 75 cents mind you) I haven't received it. You think I would just learn and stop asking for it, but I tried again. This time they gave me cheese and no avocado. Apparently this is the hardest thing this place has to do because they can NEVER get it right. And this time they actually added something I specifically said not to. So eff you Spicy Pickle. I am breaking up with you.   5/1/11----------------------------------------------------------Working in an office is sort of like searching through yelp. Your coworkers bring in lunch from random lunch places you didn't know existed, and then you file them away in your bookmark section of your brain to try later and review. Spicy Pickle is one of those places I had no idea existed. I moved to this area of town almost two years ago and I am still finding new places to try. Its like a food expedition every time I go out. I had seen one of my coworkers bring in Spicy Pickle about four times before I decided to try it late last year. I have been here at least seven or eight times by now, but lately I just have not been that impressed.When I first came to spicy pickle I was excited about another sandwich place to try. You see, I love sandwiches. You give me two pieces of bread with any combination of dressings, mayos, and veggies in between them and I am one happy girl. I don't know if the excitement got to me or what but for at least a month after I found this place I was in here every week at least. Its right down the street from my work as well so that made it super convenient. I have only had the Bastille sandwich, but of course I customize it to my tastes. I skip the cheese, sub sun dried tomato mayo for basil mayo, and add avocado. It was pretty tasty. But then I don't know what happened. Maybe I ate it so much I got sick of it, or maybe I just realized it was only a sub par sandwich, but I fell out of love with Spicy Pickle. Every time my husband wants to come here now I make a face. Maybe its because they added on a side with every sandwich as well as raising their prices. I'd rather have no side and less expensive sandwiches, thanks. BUT! There is one thing I continue to love about Spicy Pickle, and you guessed it. Its the pickles. They are so spicy and crunchy and I love that. I have a hard time finding a spicy pickle at the store that I like. Maybe I need to learn to make my own. But anyways. It has been a few months now since I have been here and I haven't had a craving to return. Perhaps one day I will. But for now I will continue to think about their pickles and wish I could just buy them by the jarful.
4	Good quality food, some unique choices, great pickels and the cookies are awesome.Not a great value, they are quite expensive and the sides - extremely small.
2	The pickle that comes with food here is about the only thing worth writing about. Otherwise, everything is just kind of boring and not worth the trip. There are so many other good places to get a sandwich or salad that are far superior. Skip this place and try somewhere else.
3	**Update**  This Spicy Pickle is no more.   I went by today and the lights were out with a sign on the door saying they've closed.  Too bad it wasn't a McDonalds  :(Yes the pickle is spicy and crunchy, I usually end up eating it.I can't say the panini's are that great, I've had a couple that fell a little flat.  More like a quickly par-grilled sandwich than anything.  I've tried a couple of the sandwiches and they were fairly tasty - good bread, fresh meats & veggies, made well, decent flavor.I do love the Forest salad - Spinach, Mushrooms, Grilled Onions, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Hazelnuts.  The Greek is good too, both were quite fresh & flavorful.  I've had a couple of the soups, ok, a little salty, but I find that all too often.Fresh ingredients, clean, friendly service overall.  Not the greatest quick soup/salad/sammies ever for the price, but I've enjoyed it enough to try a few different sandwiches along with a salad which I've always enjoyed there.
4	I used to go here all the time, went back recently and they have upgraded their presentation of how they serve your food if you eat in.  The sandwiches are still just as good.  I always get their half sandwich and half salad.  The pizzitis are good tasting, you just don't get a lot for your money if you are hungry.  Great spot for lunch!
4	Used to come here all the time for dinner when I attended school at UOFP right across the parking lot. A little overpriced but a good little place for soup and panini's. My favorites were the Adobe panini, roma panini, Corn and green chili bisque (especially good with the Adobe panini to dip), and the broccolli cheese soup. Their potato salad is pretty good as well. Another negative besides the prices is that service is slow. However, I can say that the food it very tasty, the atmosphere is cute and quaint, and the pickles are indeed spicy   :O
4	I had driven by this spot many times and after the advice of my mother I needed to eat less red meat... I knew this would be the fix. I looked over the menu and went with the Adobe Panini  - Roasted turkey, fresh mozzarella, green peppers, corn relish and chipotle mayo... Plus a small bowl of the Corn & Green Chile Bisque I am a huge fan of corn it was a must try... I rate the experience as followed.Adobe Panini - B+Corn Green Chile Bisque - AThe Pickle - A+Staff - AI had seen some bad reviews not sure why... I really enjoyed my lunch I ate three extra pickles I am a huge pickle fan they were really good. I will be back for sure to enjoy another great meal .
3	Wasn't sure what to expect after reading the other reviews on here...wasn't super impressed with the service. Nobody said anything when I walked in, but got a few stares from employees...placed my order (corn and green chili bisque and 1/2 of a Bandido panini). Bisque was deeeeelicious! Huge fan! Panini looked a little bit like it had just been defrosted, flavor was ok, nothing to rave about. The pickle was, indeed, spicy! Crisp and tasty. Total was just over $8, not including a drink. There were only a few other people in the restaurant, whereas the Firehouse Subs place a few stores down was jam packed.Seems to be family run, they're more concerned with each other than the customer, and being polite doesn't seem to be important (in person or on the phone).
4	Great food at a reasonable price. Like the half sandwich half salad combo. Greek salad is fresh, love their new cuban sandwich. Pickle is spicy, service is great. Normally only eat there for lunch.
