5	These guys are awesome!  I've gone to this place for multiple automotive problems. I've had my transmission system flushed and refilled, serpentine belt replaced, wiring harnesses repaired, quite a few oil changes, and a tune up.I have checked prices for each of these services and every time I end up saving money by going to Pat's. In fact, my tune up was roughly $47 cheaper than the next place up the price list (a place off of Glendale & a hundred and somethingth avenue [boondocks]).They're quick and thorough, and when I brought my car in for the transmission flush they told me they would check to make sure it needed it before they performed the flush. I already knew it needed it as Big O Tires told me so about a week prior, but I appreciated their interest to ensure that it indeed needed to be flushed. I've had mechanics in the past tell me things just to get me back in the shop, but Pat's has been an honest establishment in my opinion.I moved not long ago a bit out of quick distance from their location, but I will have the car towed there if I have to. I will go out of my way to have Pat's Precision's team work on my car.
5	I have been using Pat's for over a year now, and they are wonderful!  Their work is thorough, reliable and very reasonably priced.  I really love the fact that they are so honest.  They never up sell me on unnecessary work, yet give it to me straight about the work my car might need.I felt compelled to take a minute to write this review because I do so highly recommend these guys.  They have 5 stars for a reason!
5	The team did great, no high pressure, fixed what need to be repaired, and within my budget.  Thanks guys!
5	This place  is great! I had my car looked at by Midas because my car was shaking. They told me it was because my shocks and struts were bad. I was told by a friend that this would mostly likely not be the reason. I took my car here for a second opinion. They told me there was nothing wrong with my shocks or struts I just needed some tires. They were honest and helpful. What more can you ask for! I will take my car here form this point on.
3	They were really friendly, knowledgeable and reasonable with prices. However,  last time I stopped in, they tried to sell me a timing belt, saying it was "ready to break". I declined and looked for myself and the belt is fine (just had it replaced about a year ago).
5	i moved to az about a year and a half ago , pats is real close to my house so i gave em a chance , i started small and ive been real impressed with them , i even have them work on my wifes vintage corvette , great place and great group of guys .
1	These guys tried to rip me off.  I got a really high quote from them, they proceeded to explain all the work needed.  So I took it for a second opinion , where I got a quote 800 dollars less than Pat's. I don't know what goes on over there, but that is too big of a difference to ignore. I don't trust these guys.
