1	Maybe Station Casinos should give up trying to open up a restaurant in the Wildfire location.  After shutting down the previous restaurant they redid the interior and reopened it as a burger restaurant.  So the burger they have increased the price of the burger by 2 dollars, which honestly it's worth an extra two dollars except for one problem.  They dont have any WAIT STAFF.  The expect you to wait at the register place your order then go sit down and get your own drinks.  If you are planning on charging me the same amount as the Burger Bar or Grind Burger then at least offer me the same level of service and quality of decor.  Took over 20 minutes for my burger to be delivered after ordering with only one other table in the restaurant being occupied.  Upon deliver the burgers that were both ordered Medium Rare came out both being marked as being Well Done.  Thankfully someone came to check if everything was ok....after we finished our meal.  Total fail.
5	Love the food. Walk out stuffed. I was there with my whole family.
3	Wildburger is at the Wildfire Casinos, which are the unloved step-children of Station Casinos. I'd like to say this is a stretch, but saying Wildfires are casinos is like me having a bundle of $1 bills and calling myself a bank. But the gaming is neither here nor there, as this is a review of their new "Wildburger" restaurants.As the unofficial official burger tester of the 702, it was only inevitable I'd be attacking this new burger place. When I got there, I was greeted after a few moments at the podium, where I was asked if I knew what I wanted or if I wanted to look over the menu. A menu, says I, where I was then told, ok, read it over, and when you're done, come back up to the podium.Really? Errm... ok...So I look over the menu, and the crispy chicken sandwich looks good to me, even though I was going in for red meat.I head back to the podium, put in my order (crispy chicken with bacon on wheat bun, fries, and a soda) and went back to where I seated myself. And I took the empty glass they gave me to soda land. Diet Mountain Dew is always a plus, so good on them for that.The food came up in decent time, and it was good. I would even go so far to say it was pretty good. The chicken breast was crispy, the toppings were fresh, the bacon was crisp, and the fries had just the right amount of seasoning. It's no Holsteins, which is now the bar that all other burgers must aspire to, but it's not disappointing.What IS disappointing is that not once after the food was dropped off was I even acknowledged. Not even an "is everything okay?" along the way. I find this mildly annoying. I was also annoyed that there were about three TVs in the restaurant, and not one was turned to ESPN2 so I could watch Friday Night Fights. I only mention that because I would have liked to ask someone if it could be changed (and "no" would have been an ok answer), but I was the invisible man.This definitely could have been a 4-star place, with a little attention. Or, leave it all self-serve, and dial the price back a bit. I don't mind doing my own wait-staffing if it's for a decent price and I don't have to tip. Otherwise, charge a little more, but cater to my whims.I know that sounds very 1% of me, and I'm sorry. To balance it out, I'm pretty sure the 1% doesn't go to Wildfire "Casinos."
4	I haven't had a hamburger bun in over 4 years. As all you happy intestine people eat those amazing brioche or pretzel rolls, I'm stuck eating a beef patty sitting on a piece of lettuce. However, when I saw Wildburger offered a lettuce bun instead of an actual bun and we got a BOGO coupon, we headed over there to get a bite to eat.THANK YOU WILDBURGER! That lettuce bun was no ordinary wrap, This literally was half a head of iceberg lettuce (good lettuce...not browned or old) with a meat patty (of your choice) stuffed into it. As much as I was a little sour about having a small patty in my huge mound of lettuce, it was my fault for getting a turkey burger instead of their heft 1/2 pound burger, so I will let that one slide. This was the best bun I've had in years, and puts many I've had in the past to shame. The turkey patty? Decent. Nothing to write home about but decent. I got the lettuce/turkey burger with avocado. It was good quality and a subtle amount, nicely cut up so that it didn't go everywhere.My fiance ordered (like a smart person would do) the 1/2 pound patty with provolone cheese, bacon (2 or 3 slices, unsure), pickles, onions, lettuce and jalapeno ketchup. Yes, jalapeno ketchup. I don't know what they did to the ketchup, but there was a subtle flavor of the sweetness from a jalapeno pepper, not the heat (which I would have liked, but moving on). Even though they cooked an ordered medium-rare burger medium, it did not matter. Juicy through and through. Dripping with every bite all over the plate. He also devoured the fries. The fries, skinny, came in a cute little basket (it's all about the small things here people)and had a great seasoning. None of his dish was too greasy, all just nicely done. One thing I really appreciated? The women who I ordered the burger from may not have known what gluten is, but the chefs did, and that's what matters. I REALLY WANTED CHILI, but they said it was not gluten free. Thank you chefs, I truly appreciate your knowledge of this allergy and that is why I will mark this review with a very satisfied and thankful 4 stars. Be back soon.Please note: THIS IS NOT A SIT DOWN, GET SERVED, RESTAURANT. You order your food at front, get a cup for your drink, serve yourself said drink and then wait for your food at the table. Think Fuddrucker's. No booth service. You'll survive, I promise.
3	My husband and I went  here on a whim on a Friday night.... and I am still not 100% sure how I feel about the place.  The restaurant is in a sparse corner of the "casino" with almost no decor.  Nothing on the walls, everything is just sort of tan colored.We ordered at the counter, which was fine.  The lady explained to us how their system worked and then we got our soda cups and sat down (my husband was very excited by diet mountain dew).  Then, we waited.  And waited, and waited.There were about 25 people in the restaurant and when we sat down, we noticed that no one had any food.  That was a bit of a red flag.  But, we chatted, mostly noticing the lack of decor, and waited.  At one point, we actually both pulled out our iPhones and started reading the Yelp reviews of the place to see if we were just there on an off night.  Ironically, when we did this, we started getting a number of people at our table checking on us and telling us that the food would be there soon.After about 30 minutes total, we got our burgers and fries.  I ordered a turkey burger, which as another reviewer said, what forgettable.  The fries were tasty, the bread was awesome, but the turkey was pre-pattied and really overcooked.  My husband  had the 1/2 lb burger with an array of toppings.  He loved it.  I tasted it and it was MUCH better than my turkey burger.  If I go back, I'll get beef.I still give it three stars because the people were friendly and the food was largely good.  Had the turkey been better, it would have been four.
3	To begin, it took nearly a half hour to get my food.  28 minutes.  So, I was annoyed when it arrived.  The gentleman apologized, but I was wearing a shirt and tie and it was lunch time.  I ciearly was pressed for time.  I feel like on weekday lunches they should make an effort for this not to happen, but since it was my first time I will give them the benefit of the doubt.I had the 1/2 pound burger on the brioche bun with maytag blue cheese, bacon and onion strings.  I was skeptical of the blue cheese, but this was actually maytag.  Very good quality, and I could taste it in every bite.  The onion strings are typical, always a great addition to a burger in my estimation.  The bacon was thick cut.  The burger was cooked well to medium.  The whole thing was kind of hard to keep together, the bun was not as stable as I hoped.  Finished with with a fork.Fries are thin and standard.  Good, but not great.  I got the ranch, which was fine, and the jalapeno ketchup, which was a little too sweet but had a small kick.  I would have preferred it spicier.  Keep you mind you have to walk through the smoky casino to get to WB, but the dining area is smoke-free.  I will likely return.  If the service takes this long again, it may be the last time.
5	2 official new fans of WildBurger!My husband and I were told to try WildBurger by some friends, and saw the Groupon Now! available and figured the time was right. We were shocked(!) at how good it was. Overall, a very positive experience - a solid 4.5 stars for me.First - to anyone complaining about the concept of (1) order at a counter and then (2) sit for food service, I'm not sure what your beef is (no pun intended). There are a ton of new places springing up with these mechanics, and I'm 100% cool with it as long as there is value. And, there is value to spare at WildBurger. By contrast, I do not think that I Love Burgers (at Town Square) for example, does a very good job at this concept. And, I found the decor & finishes at WildBurger to be much higher than the price point, in a good way.Second - we didn't experience any issue with service. In fact, I thought it was really above-and-beyond, so we ended up tipping 20% (I don't know what the tipping protocol is on these types of places where you place your order at the counter and fill/refill your own drinks, but I figure 20% is higher than average). Our food took 10-15 min from time of order, which was more than fine with us. Then, the 2 wait staff (hostesses/waitresses) took turns checking on us at least a total of 3 times. Not overbearing; just making sure our food was good, that we didn't need anything, and to grab our battle-wounded plates afterward. And they were both super-friendly, but not in an annoying way. I'm sensitive to "fake" super-friendly people, and these girls seemed to actually enjoy their jobs...just my observation.We each had the 1/2-lb beef burger (build-your-own), both on brioche buns, each with a variety of toppings. My husband ordered his med-well, and it was perfect (typical). I ordered mine med-rare, and it was perfect (atypical!). I forced myself to finish mine, despite the fact I knew I'd feel overstuffed all night long, which did end up happening. I blame WildBurger b/c I wouldn't have finished it if it weren't so tasty.Anyway, the meat was high quality (not exactly lean, tho), the brioche bun was high quality (not exactly lite, tho), and the toppings were all really fresh. My husband wanted to try the chili, so he ordered a "side" of chili for his burger. Holy guac! They brought a mini-cauldron of super-fresh chili...very tasty & easily enough to dress 4 half-pound burgers. So, I got to try some, and thought it was really good in its own right. I thought the fries were probably the best part! They're skinny fries (think McDonald's, not steak fries), and I think they must be double-fried (which of course means healthy b/c one fry cancels out the other...right?!). I don't let myself eat fries very often, and certainly not in large volume ever. But, I ate every last one of these babies...no need for ketchup or ranch either. They were a blissful hit of fried-potato-crack to me. And, I sampled my husband's onion strings, and they were very good too (not good enough for me to trade my fries for more, tho). Honest, I'm no onion expert, tho. I can't stand thick onion rings, but these were not thick and were not rings. They were light and flavorful.My only regret is that we didn't leave enough room for dessert. They have homemade Ding Dongs, and I've probably thought about them randomly at least 2-3 times today. So, we'll likely be back to try one of those, too...maybe over the weekend.The only reason I give them 4.5 stars instead of 5 is because of the fact that you have to walk through a pretty smoky casino to get to the restaurant. But, that's me being nit-picky because that's just who I am. If you don't want to deal with any level of smoke, don't go to a burger joint in a casino. Just sayin'...
3	I thought I should ordera salad just to ne healthy and my husband the Wildburger to share, NOT.  The description said "Finely chopped"which was not or anything great for $6. My bad for ordering a salad at a burger joint. The burger was juicy, however, we asked for medium, but got medium well. Waiting for it was a little long and my salad was the last to come out. If you don't like the smell of smoke, don't go.
3	I ordered the Wildburger, Crispy Chicken Deluxe Sandwich, and the Giant Bacon Wrapped Dog. The gentleman who took my order was more than helpful as he described the food, popularity, and taste.The wildburger seemed dry along with the crispy chicken. The bacon wrapped hot dog and onion straws were great though! French fries are bland in taste.Overall, the food is mediocre.
3	I feel like I'm so out of touch with 'the' places to try lately, I'm not fully in the food scene in town, but instead get recommendations occasionally from readers or inspiration from articles in the Weekly or something. Such is the case with Wildburger; I read an article by my buddy Jim Begley in the Weekly and thought I should try it out for myself. I think Jim's writing as well as many of the other reviewers is great, but are almost always positive so I was curious to see for myself. How did it fare?There are a couple Wildburger locations in town, all within the local's Wildfire Casinos spots. I had never been into one of these casinos before, and walked into what I was expecting; the lovely smell of stale cigarette worse than most regular casinos I've been in and barely decorated like a bad version of an old downtown casino. I thought we were the youngest people in the entire building until we saw the two employees working in the restaurant. The restaurant looked like a typical Stations buffet, with a sparse interior and a vague definition between the casino and dining space. The menu has items such as wings, sandwiches, and desserts, but as usual I'm here for one thing. And I must note, the word 'signature' is their favorite word on the menu and somewhat ridiculous; signature sauce, signature ketchup, signature fries, signature slaw...too much!I ordered their Wildburger: 1/2 lb charbroiled Angus beef patty topped with Tillamook cheddar cheese, on a brioche bun with lettuce, tomato and (LOL) signature slaw. A large burger arrived at my table and looked better than I had anticipated based on my surroundings. The meat had good flavor, and was cooked perfectly. My brioche bun was very buttery at spots, stood out in some bites more than others for some reason, and was well proportioned to the meat. This ended up being an extremely messy burger because of the slaw dripping everywhere. I didn't really get the honey mustard flavor out of it but it was good. There were tons of onions that I pulled off to ensure I could taste everything else, the thick tomatoes were good, and the pickles were also good. Overall this was a decent burger, nothing out of this world but a good assembly overall.The fries were decent as well, seasoned and cooked right, with ok flavor and not as much oily flavor as I've been getting lately. As a whole this was a slightly above average meal, and the $7.99 price tag is very reasonable for what you get. But when you factor in the location, which I'm sure almost any of my readers would never venture into, I don't know if I'd bother recommending this meal. I'm contradicting myself here a bit, but with so many choices around Vegas this one could miss the 'must have' burger list in town and no one would miss anything.
5	Wildburger is pretty much a hidden gem on this side of town. The actual restaurant is located inside the small Wildfire Casino. Driving down Sunset, its pretty easy to miss. The casino itself has a very very strong cigarette smoke smell however there seems to be a good locals crowd who come to play the slots and bowl. The place is pretty much order first and pay, then sit down and wait. The lady working at the cash register was the best ever! She was kind and patient while my group was analyzing and dissecting the menu. I ordered the classic cheeseburger done medium-rare and boy did they get it right on the dot! The patty was done perfectly with a hint of pink in the center and still filled with juices. The burger did take a while to come out however I feel it was worth the wait especially since the burger was really really big. Fries were done good enough and were served in a mini-fryer basket, cute! Waitress came around and ask if we needed anything. Overall, this place is a must try! At around $7-8 for a burger, I don't know why anyone would go anywhere else!
4	Last night, the wife and I were debating what to get for dinner. She always wants Asian food (doesn't dent my hunger in an affordable manner usually) and didn't want Mexican (a staple in my diet). Remembering there was a burger place inside Wildfire Casino, I figured we could stop by there, as I heard good things. We make it to the 42+" TV Screen menu and figure out what we want. Before we were fully decided, the cashier girl came over to greet us in a very perky and genuine way. We ordered, she clarified some questions we had and off we went to find a place to sit.We walked past the one table there, three guys having a very boisterous conversation about things boisterous guys tend to speak too loudly of in public. Rather than sit too close so they could hear our pre-food/eavesdropping commentary/mocking, we moved off to the side, with no fewer than 6 TVs in view. Each one had something different on, unfortunately though, there were no subtitles, so we had to make up our own lines for the shows.While looking for a seat and waiting for our food, we noticed that just about every table was dirty and still had the number tag on or under them.Our food came out and WOW that burger looked and smelled amazing. Did not expect a burger as grandiose to be set before me. The basket of fries and sturdy steak knife filled the rest of the table. Luckily, there were no other people sitting near us, so it was easy to slide to another table and steal their condiments, as the ones on our table were all empty.It took some time, but the food was consumed, hands and face were messy (Carls Jr would be proud, it was ALL over the place, so it definitely belonged in my face) and my stomach was satisfied.I enjoy dipping my fries in 1000 Island dressing and their 1000 had a lot in common, flavor-wise, with tartar sauce. Which is also good to dip fries in, just not what I was expecting.Would have been 5 stars if I was only judging the food quality itself. However, $21 for two burgers and one drink is a little high, in my opinion. It was a high quality burger, competing with Badger Cafe for my favorite build your own burger, burger. Badger still edges them, as my built burger at BC is the base price for a bare burger here.Also, the disaster that was dirty tables EVERYWHERE was a bit disappointing. However, with only one front of house person and possibly a huge rush before we got there, it wasn't like a hurricane of food was left everywhere, just crumbs, numbers, smears on the tables, etc. On our way out, we had no less than five people from our table to the door of the casino greet us and wish us a good evening. It was getting a little disconcerting having friendly, courteous staff in Vegas establishments that were not Mom & Pop owned. In a good way, for sure though!
4	So, when we first came to the restaurant, the guy working the counter said it would be the best burger I ever ate. And, seriously, how good could it be in one of those "walk up to the cashier and order it" type places? REALLY GOOD. That's how good it can be. So good that I went back two days later and ordered the same thing again. Best burger I've ever eaten? No. WAY up there, but no. Still, I will be frequenting this place.
2	As others have written the wait is long and the place was empty. There was one girl working. She served as the hostess,waitress, and bus person all at once. She may have been cooking also. She was on her toes and did a great job stopping at every table.The food. Burgers were average at best, nothing making them stand out. The fries were the best part of the meal. Also shared some wings. The were pretty bad in my opinion. Not returning here!
4	We came here with a Groupon, on a mission to try something new. You know when you get into a restaurant rut and want to try something new, but are a bit nervous to branch out? What if the new place isn't good? What if you waste time, money and a precious meal on a place that's not tried and true?In short, I'm so glad we came! We weren't disappointed in the least!The restaurant is very nicely decorated, but you do get the casino ambiance (read: slot noises and cigarette smoke). It's clean and seems to be well-run. You order at the counter at the entrance. The menu is small; we ended up going the "Build Your Own" route. Prices are very fair. The "base price" ($6-7) covers your meat, bun, basic toppings and side. Add ons are 50 cents to a dollar. We both got 1/2 lb beef patties with various toppings.This is the way a burger should be! Juicy, cooked exactly to order, tastes like a "backyard bbq" burger. The fries are also really tasty!We'll be back, even without a Groupon!
5	A GREAT place for breakfast.  For boarding pass members, there is a special price on their breakfast deal.  ( Eggs plus bacon or sauge plus potatoes plus toast plus a soft drink for less than $5.00.  )The servers are very attentive and polite. I go there at least once a week for their breakfast deal. Their Burgers taste awesome as well. Highly recommended !!!
4	Great burger special super yummy and their fries were really good as well! The only thing I did not like was their bottom bun was very soggy. I'm going to give it another try and hope I don't have the same problem if I do my stars will go down!
4	The Veggie burger is worth the try! Being a Vegetarian and trying burgers in different restaurants where they serve frozen patties, Wild Burger was exceptional and had a freshly made veggie patty. The complimentary fries are good with their signature sauces. Came here with the Groupon and think that it is a very reasonable and awesome deal.
4	You gotta love Wildburger. This is a nice lil Burger joint tucked into an ole timers gambling hut right off of Sunset. I often placed sports bets here when I lived in this area.(This area by the way has some of the places to eat in the neighborhood). My and My lady tried them one afternoon and we were highly satisfied. We're big on good burgers, and we dont mind paying a lil more for SIZE and QUALITY, and thats what your gonna get with Wildburger. We both got the build your own Wildburger. Mines was the 1/2 lb w/bacon,lettuce,white cheddar,pickle planks,onions,grilled onions and mayo on a brioche bun(I think im the sh*t cause I can actually say brioche, :) My lady had a 1/2 lb w/portabella mushrooms, avacado, blue cheese, swiss, lettuce,tomatoes, pickles and wildburger sauce also on a brioche bun(f*ckin awesome). We both had onion straws for the side. The total came out to a lil over $24, and it was worth every dime. Big juicy burgers, with the freshest ingredients and the sauces they have are not bad either. I have to admit the bun was a lil soggy when we got home, but we do live by the M casino and thats pretty damn far. I will be back to Wildburger to try the Wild Hot Dog, and apparently, they also serve breakfast.
4	The burgers at Wildburger are delicious but their veggie burger is by far the best veggie burger that I've ever had!  I'd give Wildburger 5 stars except for the fact that the coleslaw isn't very good.  It tastes like cabbage drenched in mayo.  I forgot that I didn't like it and accidentally ordered it again on my last visit.  It would be nice if they had a side salad option but since they don't, next time I'll just stick to fries.   The service staff is extremely friendly and the food comes out hot and quick.  It's a great place for a quick bite.
3	It was pretty good, nice size burger.  It came with coleslaw on it, but I asked for mine on the side.  Which I liked a lot better that way.  The fries were so cute!  They came in a metal basket, lol  get it?  A basket of fries  They were seasoned just right.  They also had a lot of old beer for sale.  I remember these from when my parents use to drink it!  Over all, it was ok.  If I'm across the street and just in the mood for a burger.  I think I will go back.
4	Thanks to Groupon for encouraging me to go to here. You order and pay in advance very much like a fast food joint. The cashier was very friendly and explained the menu with her choice of favorites. She described the brioche as a big bun and I didn't want a lot of bread. Wish I had ordered it instead of the sesame because it really wasn't that big. I did a "build your own burger" and asked for all of the veggies to be on the side. When it was served, it had all of the extras on the burger and just as another Yelper mentioned, the bottom bun was a bit soggy. Overall, it was a very good 1/2 lb burger cooked just the way I asked. The fries were good. I was stuffed afterwards. I love a good burger and glad to know that I can get one close to my home. I'll go back. NOTE: the smoke in the casino and restaurant was covered up really well, but when I got home, my clothes reeked of smoke. That could be a deal breaker for me returning unless I get a burger to go.
4	My husband and I went here with a Groupon (it was our second time there) and it was as good as the first time. My husband gets the cheeseburger with the slaw on it and he loves it. I love the build-your-own burger and the wheat bun. It's awesome food. The fries are the only thing that I think could use a little improvement and that's why I rated it with 4 instead of five stars. We are going to try some of the other menu items next time we go. I definitely recommend this place to go if you like burgers. The girl we saw at the front counter on both occasions is super nice and helpful.
4	Build able burgers! They have a variety of toppings, breads and meats. At first the cashier told me the chicken breast I had order for my burger was going to be a bit small, but when I got it it was decent size! The burgers were great and the fries are served in cute little baskets
5	Friendly staff, nice open seating and good burger choices. Build your own or pick one the specialty combos. Drink refills at your leisure as well.Burgers are done well as are the sides so a semi-gourmet burger with all you can drink for under 10.00.
3	Bowling and burger was not half bad
2	I love their food but the service sucked didn't get waited on until 10mins later while I waited I over herd them B.S.ing in the back then when I did get waited on the person who took my order was a smarta** and made comments that u don't make very unprofessional
5	Great food...burgers are fantastic!!!  Try the deep fried, homemade ding-dongs and twinkies!!!  Great service...super friendly...fair price!!!
3	Let me state that this initial review is pretty old (sat as a draft that I forgot to post), but I can't update it yet. Review 1,  2 stars : Poor service. Had to wait 6 minutes or so just for someone to come to the front and take our order. Asked for mayo and ketchup only on the burger and the girl taking our order was a smarta**, stating that if we had been here before we would know that ketchup and mayo was on the table. Of course the whole burger came out wrong because the girl interrupted us when trying to order it with her smarter-than-thou attitude. The second girl I talked to fixed it and was really nice.Review 2, 4 stars : We got some food while we were bowling for my little sister's birthday. Service was good. Food was pretty good. Overall, a pleasant experience.
4	3.5 rounded to 4.Came here for lunch on a wednesday at 11:30. Stood at the counter for a bit looking at the menu. Looks like you order your food and are given a number. You go sit at whatever table is available. They give you a cup for whatever drink you ordered. Water is free of course. You get your drinks yourself.I go with the Wild Burger ($7.99). A half pound charbroiled Angus Beef Patty topped with Tillamook Cheddar Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Signature Slaw, Onions, and Pickle Planks on a Brioche Bun. Comes with a basket of fries.I ordered the burger medium rare. When it came out, it was closer to medium which was still ok it was still pretty juicy with every bite. The half pound patty is no joke. Lots of good flavor with all the ingredients mentioned above. As for the fries. It was ok. Nothing to write home about.Next time I think I just might order some wings for the guy at the next table ordered what looked like a dozen. Im assuming he got some kind of barbeque flavor for the aroma that filled the air as the server walked by my table temporarily cancelled out the smoke smell coming from the casino.Speaking of smoke, is it too much to ask for the open area leading out to the casino to be sealed somehow? Im pretty sure most if not all people dont want their food to taste like cigarettes. This is a major negative for me. I think maybe next time I will try to sit all the way in the back.Good things are that they are 24 hours, all the condiments that you will ever need are on all the tables, you get your drinks yourself so no waiting for the server, and there are tvs all around so if there is a big game chances are that it is on that channel.In closing, I have been told the other locations have their differences as well like not as smoke heavy as this place so I just might have to check those places out as well. As for this location, I guess eating here occasionally should not be an issue.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #158 "If the place was on fire, would you be able to tell from the smoke?"
