2	The folks that run this place are so very enthusiastic. I have ordered two times a variety of product, cookies and such for neighbor get together at my home.Both times I found the baked goods very dry and void of any richness. But knowing it might just be me I ask my guests what they think, after explaining they should tell the truth as I bought not made these tid bits and want to know if I should spend the money again. Unfortunately they agreed with my assertation.
5	I've ordered out pastries here three times and each time they have been delicious.  I saw that another reviewer received dry pastries, so I think they must have taken things up a notch as that has not been my experience thankfully.  Apparently the owner has a child with food allergies so it is also possible to ask for items that have not been exposed to peanut products.
4	Great Boba.
4	Tapioca reminds me of southern california donut shops!  Great pastry's and donuts, wish I can stop here more often but I have to keep up my great physique!  Kenny is a great owner and brings a great detail to his place.
3	Really cute little bakery/coffee house. I picked up a 2 croissants, 2 chocolate chip scones and a small coffee called an almond joy (or something along those lines) They also had doughnuts.The coffee was just ok, a little sweet but just ok.The scones were the best! The croissants were fluffy and buttery. Had the second late in the evening and it was just as great!The woman behind the counter was very friendly and accommodating.I gave it 3 stars because its missing something. I could get everything they have at Albertsons. I'm from New York so I'm always in search of the perfect bakery to satisfy my memories. I'll keep searching but its a good back up, for me.
4	Sugar and spice and everything nice! I came here for lunch with my boyfriend a while ago and I loved it. Their lunch special comes with a sandwich, chips, and a drink. Their croissants are fantastic! Try it on a sandwich or purchase it on the side. I also had their cinnamon roll and a doughnut on another occasion. The cinnamon roll was good but the doughnut was a little bland. Plus they sell some of their day old baked goodies for a cheaper price. The next chance I get I will be going back!
4	Definitely a great little coffee shop with very reasonably priced breakfast food if getting more than coffee.  We go frequently.  Coffee blends seem to vary with barista, so if you get something great, might have to catch that barista's schedule.  Sometimes i LOVE the caramel latte, somtimes, it's just "eh" and not sure what's going on there, but always at least good if not awesome.  They have these awesome baked croissant sanchwiches that are HUGE, caught us really off-guard.  sometimes they are a $1 if "left over", else full price, but I think still a bargain at full price.
5	Looking for a bakery that does it from scratch?  This is the place!!!  Yummy!  I ordered a cake for my daughters baby shower and it was amazing!  All of our guest RAVED at how good it was!Manilla who I believe is the owner is very easy to work with and will make it and design it just how you want it!  I brought in a napkin from the shower so they would have the theme and colors.....it was perfect!  Thank you Sugar N Spice for the yummiest, cutest cake ever!!
4	Enjoyed our first time there.  We tried the turkey/cheese croissant; ham/cheese croissant; and chocolate chip scone.  They were all delicious!  The stuffed croissants were a little on the salty side but that was probably just my taste buds 'cuz hubby loved them.  The scone tasted kinda cake-y and not very crumbly/dry, which is what I thought scones should taste like but I'm not an expert on scones either.  Hubby liked the hot chocolate and I thought they creme brulee coffee was good, too.  The owner was really nice.  I'm looking forward to going back again and trying the boba flavors.  Now boba, I AM an expert of so I hope it's good!
5	Been going here since they first opened. THEIR HAM AND CHEESE CROISSANT IS BOMB. Ask them to warm it up so the cheese is slightly melted....I can literally eat two in one sitting.. Their croissant sandwiches are also loaded with fresh deli and veggies. SO YUMMY. It's a great little store. The owners are super nice too. MUST COME TRY the ham and cheese croissant. BEST IN ARIZONA. maybe even better than the local donut shops in California.
5	A new favorite of mine. Will be a regular for my brkfst latte and the occasional donut. The croissants are fantastic as well.
5	Stopped into today to order a cake for my daughter's baby shower....what an adorable shop! First I would like to say that everything looked d'lish...But more important than that, the owner, Kenny, WAS REMARKABLE...in customer service. EXCELLENT!!!! Now we are all really excited for the shower...even the impossible Susan (the mother to be)....just a joke!!!!! Found them on the web after google'ing bakeries...so glad we found you guys. Can't thank you enough!!!
5	Can't say enough about the very tasty stuffed croissant selection, the scones, and the customer service! They allow you to take your time browsing and selecting and happily answer all questions as of the prior customer didn't just ask the same things.The scones are large, enough to cut into three servings, fluffy, and not overly sweet. Take your pick between dark chocolate chip and blueberry... The croissants come unstuffed, with ham & Swiss, or turkey & cheddar most days... They are light, flaky but not messy, buttery heaven.The Main Man reports the donuts to be exceptional with homemade flavor and texture.Best part, they open nice and early... Even on the weekends!
5	This is a good little Cafe/Bakery that i found by accident. Its nice because now I have a place to go for my random smoothie cravings, and its close to Luke AFB so I dont have to drive far for some goodness. I had a cinnamon roll there to, the thing was one of the best I have ever had.
4	My husband and I stopped by this morning to try their breakfast special. We had sausage, egg, and chedddar cheese on a croissant. The croissant was flaky. It was scrumptious and filling. They were very nice and let me substitute a jasmine green tea for coffee. My mini brownie was delicious We will definitely go back again.
5	Ordered two cakes from Sugar N Spice last week. One for my husband's birthday- a small round yellow cake with cookies n cream frosting, and a chocolate cake with raspberry filling and buttercream icing for my friend's shower.  Both were delicious but I must say the chocolate cake was AMAZING and the decorations were beautiful. Everyone complimented me on the cake and asked where I got it. Both cakes were yummy and moist. When I ordered the cake, the manager (?) had me sit down at one of the tables (I had my babies with me) and took my order personally from my table. The cakes were reasonably priced (about $30 for the smaller one and $40 for the medium one which fed 13 people) Also I got a 10% military discount because my husband is military.Fabulous cake and fabulous service. I will definitely use them again. Also I'm loading a picture of the cake I ordered for the shower. There are a lot more pictures on their Facebook page too.
4	Super duper light and flaky croissants with rich and well developed flavors.  Extremely reasonable prices and friendly staff.  My only complaint was that seating is limited and generally in the way of those placing orders but this is my new favorite breakfast stop.
5	Had coffee and croissants with a friend here yesterday and i have to say the croissant was the best i have ever has. you can tell they are fresh and flaky. I read other reviews and saw some 3 stars only because the place was missing something??? really??? You rate of the quality and the atmosphere[here not because you would design the place better. also 3 stars because everything was great but to much meat? I guess you can please everyone. I just have to say the place is lovely and clean and the employees were so patient while i took my time choosing one of the many yummies.
5	Best espresso pull in the local area. Chocolatey with natural tones and not a hint of bitterness. Great red velvet cupcake too! As the Terminator would say, I'll be back.
5	They do croissants right.  Their drinks are tasty year round.  My favorite is the Almond Joy.  Kenny and Manila run a clean, honest, and most important, friendly bakery here.i
4	Really great croissants and expresso drinks!! I love that this place is in Goodyear...where there aren't many great local coffee/bakery places around. The workers are really nice here too.
5	Delicious pastries.
5	I went to Sugar N Spice with a running group that frequents the restaurant. They knew most of my group by name as well as their usual orders. They were helpful and accommodating and had amazing breakfast sandwiches. I bragged about Sugar N Spice on Facebook later that day and I friend of mine visited the next day. He was equally as pleased. I'll be back again and again!
5	this was a delightful place it had a lot of different items from breakfast lunch and a lot of croissants and donuts. I had a chili cheese dog a large soda and an Oreo brownie, and it was only like $5. there was so much variety and everything is reasonably priced. I think a lot of the drinks really cheap compared to a big company and even the food items were pretty cheap or decently priced. I will definitely come back again, I do wish they had more deserts other than just the brownies and cupcakes. but the brownie i had so sweet and so good.
5	Been there twice, drove across town for the chocolate croissant's. Will do it every chance I get. Small mom and pop location. Perfect place to buy local.
3	I got a wheat bagel with cream cheese, and a small iced coffee with cream. The small coffee was the same size as a grande(medium) coffee at Starbucks, but the coffee tasted slightly stale. This may have been because it was noon and this is a small shop that probably doesn't get a lot if customers wanting coffee in the afternoon. The bagel was pretty good. You can tell that the bagels are homemade and I liked it. I'm curious to know if their cream cheese is also homemade because it was very creamy and a little messy. To me this place wasn't anything special but I would definitely try it again. I would like to try their muffins and pastries.
3	Walked into this place on a Friday around 2 pm, the place was pack full if high school kids, way too many for the how big this place is. We had the Italian soda which was great without cream and we had the mango boba drink which was also great but they forgot the boba balls. Will stop by again to try the boba drinks again this time with boba balls.
5	Love this place, great people and fantastic tea and coffee. Oh and the donuts are great too.
5	Great place for an iced coffee or donuts, so much better than the big chain places or few other coffee places in the area.I drive a long way out of my way to swing into this place, highly recommended.
5	Finally a place in Goodyear that knows how to make a good cappuccino.  My breakfast burrito was tasty also.
3	When here mainly to try out the boba and its not very good.  I order the Thai Tea with boba and the tea was good, but the boba were hard and felt like they have been sitting in water for awhile.  Its a small little place with a great atmosphere, but if your looking for boba I recommend elsewhere.
2	I guess I came at the wrong time, about 30 minutes before closing. I came because my twins turned 1 and wanted to get them a cupcake. I was going to go sit outside so they can have fun smashing their cupcake in each others faces. When I arrived there was very little selection. There were no cupcakes, a very little amount of donuts, and  only four cookies. I also asked for some decaf coffee but they had just threw it all away. No offered to make fresh. I expected much more based on all of the great reviews. But I will not be coming back.
5	The doughnuts here are awesome. Don't sleep on the breakfast croissant ham sandwich. It'll make you think twice about what life is really about...
5	I love this place!  The pastries are the best I've had.  The owners are a delight.  Always great service, always great food.  I know when I want to impress dinner guests, we make sure we get pastries from here.  Everyone raves about them.  I really enjoy spending my money with Mom & Pop places like this.
5	My favorite breakfast/coffee spot.  Wonderful owner and friendly staff. I have not been disappointed with any of the menu options.  Hoping they bring back the prickly pear tea!!!
1	Very disappointed. Went in at 12:30 on father's day to get some doughnuts for a treat. A lady was sweeping at the door, we paused and she did not smile or say hello. First turn off. The next was the only doughnuts were 2 fritters. They also had 2 stuffed croissants in the case. the menu they had for food had items crossed off so due to lack of options we went elsewhere.
5	The Wife and I love this Place!!!  We had been looking for a bakery that could bake and decorate a cake for our oldest son's birthday outside of your typical baker (safeway, Fry's).   We enjoy the customization and one of a kind look, and this is easily the place for great cake's for any event.  From our initial purchase for my son's 2nd birthday we have sense been back for his 3rd, a baby shower, and baptism.  The price is higher then the two listed bakers above, but the service and quality is well worth it.
5	Smokin' deal! $3.99 for a breakfast sandwich, 12 oz coffee, and a mini muffin! The donut and beverage selection looked great, too. I have my heart set on a pistachio muffin for next visit! Mmmm. This visit I got the croissant sandwich with egg, bacon, cheese,  and avocado! Delicious!
5	This place is a jewel of the community. Delicious pastries, excellent customer service, and yummy drinks make this spot for at least 5 years now. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. Highly recommended!
5	I love this place! Cute little coffee shop, really friendly workers and also sells reeeeeeally good mango iced tea and delicious sandwiches :)
4	I wanted to give their coffee a shout out.  I received two cups of coffee today from a student of mine unexpectedly.  Once was Creme Brulee and the other was Sugar N Spice.  He said to try one or both and spread the love about them.  I gave the other cup to my co-worker and they enjoyed it!  I don't live in that part of town, but thought this was the least I could do.  I'm a big supporter of buying local and spending local.  Tasty coffee with a twist! Hopefully one day I will be in that part of town and will drop by!
5	This place is fantastic. Delicious creations both for breakfast and lunch, friendly staff, and amazingly inexpensive prices.Don't miss stopping here for that morning coffee or that filling sandwich--you'll regret it if you do!
4	My boyfriend and I visited Sugar N Spice Coffee & Tea on his birthday to have some coffee and cake.Even though the place was cramped both ordering and paying went quick and smoothly.We both ordered the red velvet cupcake and we both agree that it is amazing! The frosting was light and frothy, and tasted sooooo good! The cake was moist and delicious.There is no place to sit, but we walked the few meters up to Rockefeller Center and sat down there.Well worth your time and money.
5	Great little local place to grab a delicious coffee and breakfast. Busy place on Sundays but they are fast.  Tons of coffee choices and even have fall flavors!!  Glad I can stop by there and get some yummy stuff in my neighborhood.
5	Love this place!! Friendly, fast, clean and delicious!! Love the simplicity of it, made to order burritos, bagel sandwiches, and drinks. The kiddos also love their shakes!
5	Finally! An awesome place to eat in Goodyear! Breakfast is delicious. Best donut in town and perhaps the best I have ever had! This may be my families weekly routine!
5	Sugar N Spice is by far the best place to get coffee, tea, donuts, lunch or just to meet some nice people. The staff, the food, and the drinks are incredible.
5	Amazing donuts - tons to chose from. Amazing breakfast options. Great coffee. Friendly. Clean. They also custom make cakes and cookies.
5	This place was recommended to me by a friend. I live right down the road and didn't even know it was here. It truly is a hidden gem! Friendly service and good coffee make for a wonderful combination but what really sets this place apart is their selection of donuts. Fresh made and delicious! You can tell all the locals, except for me, know about how great this place is. People are even willing to sit outside in the cold and enjoy their food and coffee.I was especially impressed with the fact that they not only have soy milk as a non dairy option but they also have almond milk. Not too many places are willing to carry that.  They have all of the selection of a large corporate coffee place. However it's small and quaint and hidden away.I will definitely be back to support this small local business and enjoy some amazing donuts and great coffee.
