2	So I've been doing the Blockbuster Total Access thing for about a year now that gets you unlimited rentals in the mail, and now 5 in-store exchanges a month.Just recently, I rented two Lost discs from the third season and kept them past Blockber's imaginary deadline when they decide to charge you for the price of what you have rented until you return it to them. I say imaginary because it seems to change from week to week. It used to take a month for this to happen, now it happened within a week of when they were rented.That's cool, whatevs. Until I see the charge, 130 dollars!?!??! They fucking with me? Apparently, for each Lost disc I had out, they charged me for what an entire season costs. Even though they could still rent out the discs from the rest of the season, and both of the discs I had were from the same season. This is grossly irresponsible as a business.This store is relatively clean and neat, but don't bother renting any older DVDs from it. You will be lucky if they have what you are looking for, and even if they do, it will be scratched to holy hell.Some of the worker's have also given me attitude when I rent videos around their 10 pm or 11 pm closing time. Dudes, I used to work at a video store when they were all open to midnight every night. Deal with it. You're getting paid by the hour;.
2	um...... noI have been to this Blockbuster before with out any major issues but the incident that went down the other night provoked me into uncharted yelping territory. Now, I've had crappy experiences at establishments before (haven't we all) but only a couple of times in my life have I been made to feel criminal. (when I wasn't being a fucking criminal) I rode down to drop a couple of movies off and pick up a couple more. I don't have a rack or fancy dancy basket on my bike so when I go somewhere that I will need to transport items to or from I wear my backpack. ....can you see where this is going....I walk in, drop of the movies I had and begin moseying around the store. The 17 yr. old employee comes up to me and asks if I would mind leaving my backpack up at the front. UM... YES KIDDO, I WOULD MIND. I begin getting disoriented and confused..... did I just step out of a fucking time machine as the 1991 "candy raver" version of myself?? Do I look like I'm about to rob your damn store for anything I can sell so I can buy more ecstasy?? Do I have a "binkie" hanging out of my mouth??Ahem....... NO. I'm a 32 yr old "lady" that just dropped off 3 movies and can *gasp* afford to rent a couple more. I'm not giving your 17 year old ass my backpack, plain and simple. Why, so you can rob me? No thanks. One thing I will give him is that he didn't put up much of a fight. I said no and he moved on pretty quickly. Still confused, I'm not sure if that's good or bad. I just know I'm pretty sure I'm going to upgrade my Netflix account.sheesh .... and to think I rode right past Movies On Central.   grrrrr
4	This is my primary blockbuster even though there is one closer to our house.  The reason we always go to this one is the awesome service we get.  The selection is pretty standard and they usually have at least one movie we want to watch in stock, so that is always good.  They do tend to have an odd number of gay movies...not sure if that is a plus or a minus but if you like soft-core gay porn, I suppose this is the place to go.  In any event, the people who work here are awesome.  They always get us in and out in like 30 seconds which is great.  We never have a problem turning in our Blockbuster mail-in movie for a movie in the store.  They are just really nice and efficient.  Far more than I can say about some of the other Blockbusters around Phx.
4	Yay for good Blockbusters.  There is one way closer to the house, but their selection sucks, the people are rude, and it's just plain ghetto.  This location is very large and has a great selection.  I think their selection is better than most.  The employees we have interacted with have always been very friendly and have a good sense of humor.  We actually have the Blockbuster online thing (think Netflix) and it works fantastically.  Whenever we come here to use one of our in-store exchanges, we are always in and out of there very quickly.  The other location seemed to have difficulties with that.  Anyway, this is my favorite Blockbuster in the valley.  The two reasons I subtracted one star is the awful parking lot, and I wish it were a bit closer to my house.
1	"What? People still go to Blockbuster?" Yes, I may be the last person on Earth with a Blockbuster card...but not for long. After a surgery, I was pretty much out of commission for a few days, so I had the boyfriend go to Blockbuster and pick up three DVD's. We don't yet have a Netflix account, and the boyfriend is apprehensive about using the Red Box contraptions because of an article he read about alleged debit card fraud. We do have an Apple box on which we can download movies, but we had workers in our condo, and were forced to stay in another unit temporarily. With only a smaller TV and a DVD player. This left us no choice but Blockbuster.A couple weeks later, while walking home from dinner, we decided to make it a "Blockbuster night", and walked over to rent a DVD (and then, of course make our last stop at Total Wine before heading home). We finally agreed on a movie, and when we went to check out, we were rudely told that we owed a late fee of 48 cents because one of the three movies we rented was a day late. This is the part where you hear the screeching record followed by silence. This is by no means about the 48 cents, but entirely about principle. First of all, Blockbuster, I seem to remember being bombarded with commercials cheerfully announcing the abolishment of late fees. You people were screaming it from the rooftops. I don't seem to recall any such publicity about the return of said late fee. Nor do I even remember even being told about it in the store. Discreetly. And also, and even more aggravating, I returned all three DVDs at the same time. On time. In the middle of the day. So how just one could be checked in late is beyond me. When I tell the stocky checkout boy of this, he looks at me in disbelief, as if I would lie about it to save myself less than half a dollar. He rolls his eyes, and spends a good couple minutes pounding away on his keyboard (a la the airline agent in "Meet the Parents"), and finally gives me my new total, sans late fee, as if he's just done me the world's biggest favor. Then he makes sure to give me the receipt and personally go over the new Blockbuster pricing policies with me, as if I was a disobedient child who didn't listen the first time. I guess he just wanted to make sure there would be no confusion for the next time I came in. But don't worry, stocky Blockbuster boy, there won't be a next time, so we're all set.
