3	WOW!!! That was a WHOLE LOTTA food for an ITTY BITTY price. After driving past this place a gazillion times, I decided to pick up some take out from them for dinner last night. There was nothing skimpy about the portions. We ordered super nachos, carne asada quesadillas, rolled tacos and a chimichanga...I am not sure what I was thinking when we ordered that much, but for $25 I think I must've had 'Taco Bell' portions somewhere in mind (usually the boy can put away about $20-25 of Taco Bell all by his lonesome). Um no. I'll have to remember that next time. We will definitely be back. I think the rolled tacos were my favorite.And the customer service was also pretty cool. Everything we ordered looked very much like the picture on the menu...and you KNOW that's a rare treat nowadays. They even took the top off of my manzanita for me and gave us plenty of salsa and salsa verde!
4	Alright, so I have now experienced several different items on the menu (this has become Mr. Tyger's FAVORITE restaurant, so he requests it almost daily *smh*...variety is NOT a dirty word!) While the rolled tacos were yummy, I have to take a moment to highly suggest the chicken tacos...as a valid option for hangover food. Not that I would EVER get hungover *glancing upwards to see if lightning is going to strike me again today*...but if I were to do so, the grilled yumminess of their chicken taco is enough to calm my angry innards and outards so I can buffer the tylenol/aleve/aspirin/advil cocktail before passing back out into delightful oblivion.  Mmmmm tacos.....zzzzzzzzzz....
2	Probley one of the worst fish tacos I've ever had fish was dry,this was a to go order no fork included window server barley Congenial
3	Food is good. Customer service lacks a lot....lady is so rude.  They charge 50 cent additional if you use your card no matter the amount.  So your breakfast burrito will be nearly 6 dollars. That's one of the cheapest food items.
2	The people were semi-ok customer service. Not impressing, but I don't care as much about that. Short and to the point is find with me. I do care about food quality, and this one was not the best.
5	Only tried the super nachos and California burrito both great. I recommend the California burrito with french fries and guacamole.
1	Update:  ordered a ham and cheese breakfast burrito the cost was 5. I told them to add beans. The charged an extra 86 cents. With taxes it came out to 6.27 they're tax bracket is a little high. I wanted to pay with my card so the charge an extra 50 cents which is double of the normal fee even though because I'm spending more than 3 dollars their fee isn't as big as the normal fee. So if you do the math they should have charged me 6.77...well then they taxed me again ...so my cheap little breakfast burrito was costing me 8.00...I told them about their mistake and they didn't want to return the difference. So after the food was done. I told them to cancel the order and return my money since they had charged it before even telling me all these ridiculous fees and over charges. Went down the street to a high end restaurant got the same burrito for 4 dollars.
