4	Toxic Audio is a high energy group of 5 really talented performers that will simply astound you. They perform a huge number of songs in a nonstop show without any musical instruments - they do everything with their voices.This show like the Blue Man Group is hard to describe to someone.Once you see it and hear it ... you will go WOW !!!I saw their show a couple of years ago at the Luxor and they have just gotten better and better.The show has a great deal of humor and beautiful music.Before they bring the audience to their feet for a standing ovation with their final number "Turn the Beat Around," they perform "Stand By Me"In Stand By Me - they move out into the audience and just let their voices blend in beautiful harmony.It is breathtaking..... a super exerience.Their last number by The Miami Sound Machine features their percussion vocalist and when the song Lyrics get to " love to hear percussion" he does a terrific job ending with a back flip..You have to see this group to believe the sounds you are hearing ...Amazing  ..........and totally worth the price of admission.
4	I was "gifted" the opportunity to see this show just the other day.My first show since becoming a Las Vegas resident.Damned if we didn't get Front Row & Center seating!!It's in the V Theater. Located in the Miracle Mall at Planet Hollywood.Just an fyi, even with what looks like a lot of construction in that general vicinity, getting in and out was a cinch. And this was a 5:30 showing.I was blown away. This was a great show. And a new(er) cast from what I understand. The 5 players had a great chemistry, and it poured into the audience. I'm just glad they didn't come to drag me up on stage like some. (be warned).One act I thought was funny as hell. Four players are doing all of the background music with one who is seated as the solo vocalist. After a minute into the song an easel backed sign slides onto the stage. "This song is heard entirely in English" it says. I laughed, wtf? After a bit, one of the four replaces a stick on sign that read as "English" replaced it with "French". So the vocalist then proceeds. Beautiful. Then the stick on gets changed to Korean, then Japanese, and closes out the song in "Pig Latin". The whole place busted out laughing, as did the cast. They genuinely looked like they had fun.As they should. If this was a new cast, it could only get better I'd assume.So if you find yourself needing an "affordable" (easy for me to say) show of caliber but without the crowd of an A-List Las Vegas act.Toxic Audio should make your short list.4 stars?Because I have nothing else to compare with.Could get 5 after further review!!!For Samples of their sound, Here:  http://www.toxicaudio.com/sounds.htmThanks to my "sponsor" You know who you are.
5	A lot of shows around Las Vegas rely on a lot more than the characters on the stage to make the show spectacular.  In the case of Toxic Audio, the characters are all that this show has, yet it remains spectacular...and then some.Five acapella singers comprise Toxic Audio, one of whom is the original member of the group that was started back east.  Each artist has their own niche, from the eclectic lead to the large, football-player looking baritone and the sweet, perky alto.  The two women and three men all perform throughout the entire show with nothing but their voices and bodies (a little loop is thrown in for a backing track, but it's still her voice).Interaction is expected from the crowd, ranging from clapping along to actually getting up on stage to channel surf with the cast (watch out for those adult channels!).  The show is about 90 minutes long and is perfectly timed in the early afternoon for strip visitors (5:30pm most days, I've seen it at 2:30pm as well).  The cost is relatively inexpensive (check www.goldstar.com like Susan R. mentioned).  I have heard the rumor they may be losing their spot at the Planet Hollywood V theater (tough times for a lot of acts right now), so go see them while you can.
5	Living in the Orlando area I had seen the group was coming to the Wayne Densch theater this past week.  Not knowing much about them I wasn't sure about buying a ticket to the show but since I volunteer as an usher on many occasions decided to work that night. I'm so glad I was there as they were fabulous.  Sitting and listening I had to open my eyes and look for a band, but there was none, all the instrument sounds came directly from there voices.  They sang in perfect harmony. I will be sure to see them again when they return again next Christmas season at the Densch theater.
