2	Where do you go when Buffalo Wild Wings closes down, I don't know. Therefore, I thought I would try Hooters. Ewww, the food was awful; it taste like WingStop. If you're not familiar with that place it's gross and so is this Hooters. The food was nasty hardly any sauce on the wings. Come on, who picks up a buffalo wing and does not need to lick or wipe their fingers after eating it??? I tried to use the online ordering system, but it was down. I just don't care to deal with HUMANS.. too many mistakes when dealing with another person. Of course the chick(en) head got my order wrong...Anyways, if u want your food ordered wrong and very limited sauce on your wings go this place.2 stars because, I have to admit the bar was shinny and they did have a variety of entertainment on the televisions.
3	I'm going to go with three stars instead of four for this location because nothing stands out.  The waitresses are nice enough, but sometimes they don't come around as often as they should.  I've been to a lot of Hooters over the years, and I know the difference between good and great.  They are just good.  The layout is pretty nice and the food is also good but not great.  This location is extremely family friendly, as I brought my girlfriend and her kids to eat there.  One of her kids who NEVER eats anywhere absolutely LOVES the hotdog.  So much so that she asks to go eat there everytime I am in town.  Although I only went with three stars, I'll gladly be a regular.
4	I seen some negative reviews on here but went anyways. First off its a HOOTERS ! I had the naked 3 mile island wings grilled. They were good just as good as my favorite buffalo wild wings. We also had the lots o tots which were good also. The beer is ice cold, what more do you want? Can i tell you about the view? shoooweee.  If you like brunettes, pff say no more.
4	Went back again, music was just right not too loud. Great place had the cajun wings naked and grilled. Pretty damn good ! The beer is always cold here and the VIEW is awesomerrrr.
2	We did not have a great experience here with our service, but the manager did get involved and we were more than satisfied with the resolution of our issues. When we finally received our food it was good and we were happy with it. This was basically what you expect from a Hooters, nothing too classy, but we drank beer and raised a little noise.
1	I used to frequent this location several times a week for lunch, but I will never go back here again. The service is beyond bad and the when I spoke to the manager he walked away from me while I was talking. My recommendation is spend your money anywhere else.
1	Just waited 22 min for service and nothing.. We got set and literally sat there .. Waiting and waiting and waiting .. It wasn't even busy.. Incompetent staff, and terrible service.. From a previous hooters girl, I'm completely disappointed and will never come back. We walked out.
1	6:30 we stopped in with a buddy who lives out of town.  We were told it would be a 30 minute wait to be seated. Ok. While we were standing I counted 4 tables free to the right, and 7 tables to the left. The tables were left dirty and were not bused. So this has me very confused because 11 tables were available but they weren't bused.I told the hostess that the 30 minute wait is bullshit because from where I'm standing, I counted off the tables available.She acknowledged the free tables, but gave the excuse the kitchen is backed up.  That's not my problem, wouldn't it be nice to allow us to sit and have drinks for a while? The light clicked on and she agreed to sit us.Our waitress was very nice and apologized ahead of time for delays from the kitchen. We ordered appetizers, and beer. The appetizer came out really fast. We ordered our meals shortly after going through the appetizer.I ordered the Cobb Salad and chili. Chili came out with the rest of my tables food, but the salad did not make it. She said she was heading back to grab the salad. 1 bowl of chili later I was told that the kitchen ran out of mixed greens, but someone had ran out to grab mixed greens from somewhere. She did bring some fries to the table to hold me over, thank you I liked that.  By the time the salad arrived my party was ready to leave.I can't remember our waitress' name but she made a bad situation better by keeping me in the loop, and hooking me up with some fries. The blame lies directly with the manager of this restaurant. He should be demoted and forced to rinse mixed greens for the next ten years.  Asinine having people wait when there are available seats to be filled.   Instead we were left to stand by the door staring at empty seats like a bunch of gibonni's.Before we even pulled up my Girl Friend told us that she's been to this Hooters 3 times before and each time was a train wreck of an experience. She was dead on the money this place is a circus.  For me I'm walking away from Hooters for good. I'm sure a chimp could run this store better then the current manager. Noob!
1	Met up with some friends here, and I waited 20 minutes and not one waitress came to our table. One of my friends had to go ask the hostess where our waitress was before she came by. I didn't order anything because I didn't feel like waiting another 30 minutes for a beer. This was the first and last time I come here.
2	Great for the games and a draft beer. But other than their wings and onion rings, nothing else is worth spending your $$ on. Besides, their prices are a bit on the high end for dry and tasteless food. As I said before, I go for the games and draft beer. Rarely do I order anything aside from wings... If you go, don't expect good food.
4	I see lots of bad reviews on this location and now I wonder when I'll have a bad experience there. I usually dine here once a week for a late lunch for happy hour after I wake up starving from working the night shift and before my pedicure excursion. Prompt greeting is not their priority and some of the server girls can be a bit dizzy. What that means is that sometimes you have to ask for things to be brought to you. They are friendly though and stop by the table frequently to see if you need something and I have no problem telling them what and if I do. It's a casual environment, I just woke up, I'm in my sweats and don't need 5 Star treatment or food yet, you get my drift... Mozarella sticks; very good! Boneless wings with Daytona Beach sauce; very good! Onion rings; very good!  Their iced teas; not so good, I wanna bet they're made from a powder, not freshly brewed. House margarita; awful! Weak and watered down. Just stick with local draft beer, soda and basic wings. Nice outdoor patio area with water misters where I can smoke, I'm happy! Sure beats a drive thru!!!
5	Thank you Melissa for the great service your cute personality comes a long way ..... Came here from out of town heading back home to Chino Hills, Cali . It was nice to have the manager check on our service Will definitely come back !
2	Food is nothing close to special, service is decent.  They recently upgraded their beer list which is great. I usually come here for PPV events such as UFC, place does get pretty busy since not many places show UFC PPV events.
4	Always a good place to come and enjoy a beer or two with friends! And to see the games! Good atmosphere, the girls are always nice! And they have karaoke night on Tuesdays and wingsday on Wednesdays!! Their food isn't so bad either! Sliders are  fries are always a good appetizer
4	We had a wonderful waitress Astrid! But the host had a face like she had just smelled something nasty the whole time she was very unwelcoming and rude to other customers. But again our waitress was wonderful
1	Omg omg dont eat here...the food is cold and gross.and the waitress keep saying it was due to changing of cooks but I was here for 2 hrs....beer was cold but its nothing new for the beer.... just on the other thought my pickle was warmer then my fries they served...
1	This place doesn't give you any service girls act like they are too good to serve anyone when we were seated the girl that let us in didn't let any waitress know we wanted to eat or drink and forgot about and started taking pictures of herself wasted my time I'm surprised that this place is still even open they way they treat customers there.
1	Wings are nasty. The curly fries don't taste like anything other than the sauce you use to dip them in. I've been here many times just because different friends invite me there. I been there a good 8 times, had different foods every time and I don't think I've ever had anything good. Except the beer, it's good, very cold, but way too overpriced. Honestly, service isn't that bad. But it's not gonna help the one star I'm giving this place.
