5	Our family travels 6 hours from San Diego once or twice a year...  our major goal while visiting.... get to Native New Yorker.  We have yet to find a Wings Place that comes anywhere near the Native New Yorker!!  (We want a location in San Diego!!!)The prices keep rising and we wish they wouldn't, but our entire family loves going to Native.  I love being able to purchase two wings of every type.  I love being able to purchase individual beef ribs.... but most of all... The STRAWBERRY WINGS are to die for!!!  How awesome are those?  So what if sometimes the restaurant is a little cluttered... It's a family restraurant and the servers are more interested in getting your food to you than picking up that napkin!The service is quick and excellent.  TV's keep those who don't want to talk busy, but some of our best conversations have been over Native Wings!!!
2	We went here for lunch one day and after hearing so many good things, I was shocked that I didn't have a great experience. We walked in and there was no one at the hostess station, but there was (someone who appeared to be) a manager playing with one of the televisions who chose not to greet us. So, we waited for a few minutes before someone showed us to a table, where we waited another 5-10 minutes before we were greeted by our waiter (who, to his credit, was swamped with tables). I can understand being busy, but the fact that there were two "managers" walking around, and not helping customers was what bugged me. We didn't try the wings, but I had a meatball sandwich, which was pretty good, but not good enough to entice me back for a second trip. Ooooor, maybe the NewYorkers sensed that we were both from CHI-TOWN and chose not to take care of us :) haha
4	awesome wings, best ive had since coming to arizona.  not a big fan of the asiago parmesan or the oriental garlic but the honey hot and strawberry hot are great
3	This particular location isn't the greatest when it comes to service. I have a tendency of only going to the bar, where you'd expect stellar service, however, there was no bartender on site. It turns out she was also waiting tables!! The happy hour prices for beer is great! I believe it's less than $3 for a large beer. Their wings are awesome. Their pizza is ok. Stick with the appetizers & salads. The rest of their menu is mediocre at best.
2	Not a bad place for being in a strip mall, buy don't expect service. It seemed as though we were more of an annoyance then a guest.  Basic service, but when you have to find you waitress to get what you already asked for and then she has another person bring you the check as she stands up front, kind of makes you feel unwelcomed. Wings were great , not so much the boneless. All in all, great place to order to go bone- in wings
4	I haven't been here in years until today. And with minimal shame, I actually went there twice. The Happy Hour is from 11am - 7pm. That is amazing. I like to refer to it as a 'Happy Day' special.Both times I went, I got the chicken strips which are on the happy hour menu. Great both times. $2.50 draft pints. I only have one complaint.I'm not sure if they change it at night, but the volume was muted on all of the televisions and the radio was playing instead. If I'm at a sports bar, I'd rather not listen to 99.9 FM, but instead hear SportsCenter.
3	OK, I've been to quite a few Native's in my day, but I'm writing about this one since I've been frequenting this one lately. Since two of my good friends like to live waaaay East, this is like a half way point.Anyway, happy hour is long and good, and I've only had a bad NNY wing experience once and it wasn't here and I can't remember where that was (damn you middle age!!)It's small, but I like the bar area, that's what I'm there for. They probably should play the games and not the country station though...
5	I love these wings. LOVE THEM. Other locations are just not as good. My friend and I frequent this place way more than we should for lunch, usually after a workout so we can pretend to justify it. :-)  We're usually there between 11:30-12, and it's not extremely busy. The service has always been excellent. Actually, and I don't know if I should be ashamed to admit this, but the server now knows us. Today when we were there brought everything out for us. We didn't even have to order! I'm not sure how it is in the evenings, but if you want wings for lunch this is the place to go. You'll probably see us there- just look for the two in workout clothes!
5	Seriously I'm glad I don't live in Arizona or I'd weight 400 pounds! I had wings here every Tuesday night for wing night....I was down in Arizona in 2008 and it was my first stop....yeah you heard me...not to see friends who I missed...it was I'm going to Native see you there with my wings and beer....seriously I think I'm drooling while writing this review....I've never had anything else on their menu just the wings....it's all about the wings and beer...lots of wings and beer..... WINGS AND BEEEEER!!!!! and I wonder why I gained 20 pounds?!?
3	The Pizza and Wings are good by the Buffalo native's sense of flavor and quality. The service is just "OK" and nothing to write home about. The other menu items are a mixed bag depending on what you order. I've been here 4 times so it is good enough to keep me coming back, but definitely not as good as it could be with better placeware, real napkins, better service and maybe a more customer engaging attitude.
4	We frequent this place because we can walk there. The servers always remember my kids, this place is kid friendly. They remember us too when we leave the kids home and go to the bar (I know, parent of the year). The wings are good, my kids love the mozzarella sticks and pizza. They have karaoke some nights. They have a magic guy some nights. It's They have TV's for the sports.  Good enough for me. I can always find Brenden there!  Hey Brenden, your wife is lookin' for ya.
2	First Visit: 'Native new yorker" is out and "bar an grill" is in. It has the same owners, they just defranchised. The "just enough" wings are very good. All of the items on the menu look very good and a part of the proceeds from sales of menu items with chicken breasts go to breast cancer awareness. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. I cant wait to go back and try different menu items.Second Visit: Very disappointed! I ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and my husband ordered the just enough wings. Our food took about 30 minutes to come out after we ordered and it was empty. The wings tasted like they had been done for some time and were cool in temperature.  My pizza crust was good, however the chicken had a horrible taste to it.  I could not even finish half of the individual size.  Wish the second experience was as good as the first.  Everytime we talk about going back I can't get over the taste of the chicken.
1	Sorry to burst your bubble but this is a chain restaurant. I am from NY and I  have ate at Native New Yorker, and there food tastes nothing like NYC food at all. If your looking for real NY food usually the Mom & Pop Italian Restaurants are the best.
4	So wait, this is not a Native anymore? They disfranchised? Huh. Do they still offer $.39 wings on Tuesdays and Thursdays? Anywho... I went there several weeks ago and they were remodeling and the restaurant was a hot mess. They literally only had maybe 6 table available to be sat at. The comfort level of the dining room sucked, but the wings made up for it. I have been to a few Native's before, most commonly the Dobson/Guadalupe location. The wings at this Val Vista location are over twice the size of other Native's. Now, I should be grossed out because that probably means that this Native buys chicken wings that came from chickens that were pumped full of steroids and whatnot, but I don't care. I love me a meaty chicken wing! Another thing I liked about this location, is that they didn't lay the wings down on a plate of sauce. When I am eating HOT wings, I don't need any extra hot. I would totally recommend this location. I'm a little worried if they really aren't a Native New Yorker anymore, cause they may have done away with the $.39 wing days - but if you are gonna pay full price for a chicken wing, at least you get your moneys worth here.
