3	Burton is a stand-alone fingerprinting and passport photo business. They are located next to the immigration office on Pecos just off Sunset.  The office is small, but the staff working handles the job of fingerprinting and photos quite well.  I would definitely recommend their services, although, I advise they are about $5 higher than Walgreens on your passport photos
5	Went to another fingerprint place and was greeted with very rude service. And they couldn't process my fingerprints electronically for the board of nursing. Was told to come here and I'm glad I did. The lady was very nice and helpful. Esp with getting the actual fingerprints. (I have the hardest time with that machine) She made my life easier. I completely recommend this place. They get the job done properly!!
5	I needed an ID photo for an overseas job and it was a nightmare trying to find a place to  get it taken. The requirements for the ID photo were specific and demanding: From the top of the head to the chin must be 22-28 mm, anything else is unacceptable. I went all around the valley to places like PostNet and Walgreens explaining to their Passport photo department about the ID photo I needed and they would get confused or they would pass it off -- 5 different times. I went home and did some research on other passport places around the valley and I found Burton Studios, and I'm glad I did.This place was so pleasant. I explained what I needed and he understood without a hitch and before I knew it we were done. At PostNet I spent more time explaining the requirements of the photo in the time it took him to take the photo and get everything right. We even had a nice conversation while the photos were printing out. It was such a headache-free experience in comparison to the other 5 places I went to the weekend before. I highly recommend this place for photos. Going to places like PostNet and Walgreens made getting an ID photo a headache-inducing nightmare, but not only did Burton Studios handle my specific requirements with ease, they also made it a pleasant experience. I'll be sure to be back if I ever need their services.
