5	No complaints- friendly staff, unforgettable food. The flavours are so deep and intense! I love it! Go for the lunch deal- really good value. The first time round I got the Dal Makhani, which was DELICIOUS, and the second time I got the Rajma Aloo which was equally good. I wish I could go back but I don't know when I'll be in Edinburgh again :(
4	We started with chicken momo. They were good, a bit like a curried ravioli. The sauce tasted a bit like a spicy tomato pasta sauce, making it seem even more like a twisted Italian dish. They were good, none the less.I got my bhuteko khasi (lamb) as hot, and it was a bit spicy but not nearly what I expected. The taste was great for this dish.  We also had the rasilo chicken which, at medium spice, was not hot at all. I preferred my lamb.
5	Hungry? Want to leave Edinburgh and go to a hotel for dinner in Kathmandu? in Gurka cafe you will think you have arrived. Quality service, homemade authentic Nepalese food (Italian but better with Chinese Influence). They guy cant do enough for you. I think next time I go I will ask for a camel steak just to see if they manage to find one! They managed everything else when I took a group of fifteen crazy Americans there. A credit to your nation and an asset to Edinburgh
4	The staff were great and didn't push too hard in that way that Indian restaurants sometimes do to get you to buy more food. I found the lamb Achari not spicy enough, even at hot level. The vegetable korma was a tad sweet, but all overall good. They're great for large late parties, even ones with an extra 4 people who unexpectedly turned u 35 after the rest
5	Our group of 4 had one of the best meals here, and I think it's safe to say the best meal we had during our stay in Edinburgh. The staff were absolutely delightful and only added to the experience. This would be a regular place for me if I lived nearby!
5	trying to find a meal late at night, we ducked in here and got one of the best meals of our trip
4	Delicious. Gurkha Cafe was a nice breath of fresh air amongst the usual mess of Indian eateries. With a Nepalese/Indian blend of offerings, well-designed decor, impeccable service and gorgeous food, it's got something great going for it. The portion sizes were really generous and every single thing was delicious. This is definitely a keeper of a place on my Edinburgh restaurant list. Yum!
5	We ate here last night because of yelp recommendations for my friends birthday, and we were not disappointed! The vegetarian options for myself were interesting, with different takes on Nepalese and Indian staples. I've spent 3 months in Nepal and tasted all the wonderful curries out there, so I was even more impressed to find these curries not only compared to the real thing but some were even better! I tried the dishes of everyone around me and wow the flavours were perfection and they even tweaked my dal, making it even spicer for me and I can honestly say it is the best dal curry I have ever tasted! The mango lassi was bang on, perfect with a hot curry, and the karma sutra drink was dangerously yummy. I had popped into the restaurant earlier in the day with a cake and candles for our friend, at the end of our meal the staff dimmed the lights, put on a birthday song and even made a lovely display saying "Happy Birthday Suzie" on the plate carrying the cake and out the candles on exactly as I had asked. I really can't rate the food, drinks and staff at Gurkha highly enough, I'll definitely be returning next time I'm in Edinburgh!
5	All too often I find myself in a predicament. If I am to wander into a coffee shop and catch sight of carrot cake on the counter then I simply can't have anything but carrot cake. This is both a wonderful and terrible affliction; all other delightful options are off the table but, of course, I am presented with one of my most favourite things in the world. And so, naturally, I judge a cafe on the quality of it's finest slice. If you can serve me up some delectable carrot cake, you have my affections.The korma, for me, is the carrot cake of Indian cuisine; whilst I'll have a browse of the menu, tell myself that today will be the day for a new dish and even deliberate over various mouth-watering options, my decision is already made and I am no less satisfied with a plateful of creamy korma curry goodness. So when my friend chose Gurkha for her birthday dinner, you can bet there was just one dish on my mind.A table of 18 is quite the feat for any restaurant and Gurkha's service was exceptional from start to finish. We were difficult; unsure of when the rest of the guests would arrive and when it it came to ordering, there was constant changing of orders, and the number of side portions of rice and naan was forever fluctuating. Basically, we were a restaurant's nightmare but the Gurhka staff couldn't have been more professional. It was a wonder that they got our orders completely right considering how chaotic we were, but the staff were attentive and this really showed.If you can resist the Indian delight that is the mango lassi, then I commend you. I ordered one and was presented with a wonderfully scrumptious glass of thick mango yoghurt heaven. Saving some for the meal was impossible and I slurped it down in an instant. It;s safe to say that the Gurkha has perfected the mango lassi and I want another and another and another. The korma...Well, that was a heaven-sent bowl of creamy warming goodness and I could have licked the plate clean. With deliciously tender-cooked chicken, accompanied with rice and full-of-flavour garlic naan, it made for quite the Indian feast.I now know where to go in Edinburgh when craving authentic Indian and Nepalese food. And of course; incredible Korma.
4	My visit to Gurkha Cafe was an impulse decision made by my stomach. And it wasn't disappointed!The food gets 4 stars from me. It offers a great selection, including a nice range of Nepalese dishes and not relying on boring staples or ghee-laden oily messes a lot of Asian restaurants serve.I had the Tandoori Fish Tikka. The fish was Catfish, something I've not seen on many menus in Edinburgh and have never eaten fresh before. It was delicious, meaty and spices were perfectly balanced. I could have eaten twice as much. I also had the vegetable pakoras, mild but again, wonderfully flavoured. I also ordered the Nepalese Achaar. I wasn't entirely sure what that was but it turned out to be a mix of root veg in turmeric (I think) and mustard seeds. Very more-ish! All washed down with a refreshing Nepalese beer, I was a happy customer!Some (minor-ish) criticisms are; The interior. It's a little basic and could do with some modernising to make the place a bit more comfortable and relaxing. It's also a bit chilly, I was glad I had a warm jumper on! Our waitress struggled to understand the dietary requirements of a Vegan, making ordering awkward for them. However, another member of staff was very helpful and was happy to take questions to the kitchen. All the staff were very friendly and polite.I'd definitely return for the delicious food and to work my way through their intriguing menu!
4	Great place. The food was amazing, the service was friendly and the atmos was nice and cozy.
5	Came here thanks to the yelp reviews and had the best meal out of our whole week in Scotland! We ordered the Tandoori Chicken and the Chicken Korma, with rice and garlic naan. Both meals were delicious! The food took a little long to make it out, but once it was served it was obvious as to why. Perfection. The chef also came out and greeted us to make sure the food was alright. You won't go wrong here. Plus the 15% off check-in deal before 5pm is a nice bonus!
