4	I didn't have a good experience at the Ashley store across town so I trekked over to this one. I'm glad that I did - the associate who helped us was polite and helpful. I've learned to say things like this at furniture stores: "We're looking to update the bedroom/living room/etc. over the next few months and we are getting an idea of what we like". It helps alleviate some of the hassling to BUY NOW! The associate even told us that we should wait until Labor Day, when the store will have much better prices. Honesty is always appreciated.There are only a few items I would buy from a big furniture store. I'd rather pay a little more and buy from local manufacturers -- or buy upcycled or antique furniture. Still, some things you just want new (I'm needing a new couch), and Ashley has decent prices.
1	Bait and Switch. We were told that a piece of furniture costing $500 was included in a package deal by several associates.  We bought the package and didn't find out until taking a day off of work to have it delivered that the piece was not included. And we ALSO found out that since the furniture had been delivered there was no way to return it.  The delivery charge was twice the amount they assured us it would be in the store. The manager said 'there was a miscommunication.' No. No miscommunication.  We were blatantly told something that was not true just so they could make a sale.  We now how a bunch of low quality furniture that we cannot return and apparently this is all our fault.  I have spent several thousands of dollars at this place and will not be duped again.  Do not waste your money here.  Awful management.  Unethical business practices.  Don't waste your time.
4	Just a heads up---This location is moving. Moving sale!!!!!As for the review: Clearly I hit up the moving sale searching for a new king sized bed/mattress. My sales guy was amazing. I kick myself for not taking down his name. Just great! Considering I needed a solid 2-3 hours to decide which great new mattress/bed I was going to purchase, I was given tons of options and then the sales guy let me bargain with the price a little too!!!! This is the 2nd Ashley location I've bought furniture at, and I do have to say I prefer Ashley a little better than other furniture stores in the Madison area. Delivery was great, they even put the new bed together and I didn't have to haul a huge pillow top king sized bed up my stairs!  Score! On downside of the delivery for any Ashley stores is that they call you a few days before delivery and give you 4 hour window when they "might" show up. Both delivery times now they have not met the 4 hour window and have royally messed that up. :(But.....the furniture showed up eventually and I love it now. So only minor angriness. I would say a solid 3.7 out of 5 stars!
3	Took advantage of BOGO recliner sale which made price per chair very very good! Service was fine too.This store is basically a show room with little stock on hand so self pick up or delivery at a later date is necessary. Downside ,which is mentioned no where in sales brochure, is that they discourage[bordering on not allowing] self pickup,instead offering delivery at a cost...excuse is they have no storage space!??...Hmmmm
1	Horrible experience.  Horrible customer service.  Was forced to take several 1/2 days off work due to their lack of good customer service.  Furniture was delivered damaged on several occasions.  Their delivery man also dropped a mirror going up my stairs causing the mirror to shatter.  The delivery man then had the audacity to raise his voice after I had gotten upset over this.  Needless to say I was shaken.  I will never purchase furniture from Ashley Furniture again, neither will any of my friends and family.
