1	Worst customer service I have ever received in my life. I will never spend another penny in this store and I urge you not to either. The clothes are terrible quality and if something is damaged they will tell you oh well it's not our fault. The only reason they even get one star is because the clothes are cute. To bad that is the only thing that have going for them.
1	Horrible. Customer service is non existent. No greeting when you walk in, no one to offer help. Stood at the fitting room entrance for 5 minutes with a stroller. Kim walked out passed me with a hand full of clothes and went on about her business. I stood for another minute before I had to ask if I could be let in. She seemed irritated that she had any business. On my way out she was standing in the largest opening between racks of clothes and wouldn't move. So I had to squeeze through a small area with a stroller. Please. I wouldn't waste another dollar here.
1	At first I was excited because the clothes were so inexpensive! I bought two leggings and a cute top. The next day, I put on one of the pairs of leggings I bought and one of the shirts to wear to school. The leggings were so itchy and they kept ripping. They are sewn together with some kind of fish wire and the material is super cheap. I put on the other pair of leggings and immediately they ripped too. I went to take them back and the owner accused me of stealing and refused to give me a refund. She wouldn't even give me store credit. This place is awful and will never shop here again.
1	Horrible customer service!  My daughter and her friend were at the store at the Chandler Mall today.  The girls were trying out some shorts but when they went to pay, they paid for the wrong size short.  After realizing this mistake, they asked the manager if they could change to the correct size,  The store manager refused to let the girls exchange for the correct size.  They didn't ask for a refund, just asking to change the size of the short.  We were in the mall but at a different store.  When I heard about what happened, I took the girls back and asked to speak with the manager. She was so rude saying that there is no exchange.  The receipt clearly stated that there is no refund but allow for exchange.  I showed her the receipt but she refused to allow the girls to exchange the correct size.  It took me yelling at her and made a scene which didn't need to be.  She finally allow the girls to exchange the correct size and asked if we not come back to the store again.  Are you serious, why the hell would I allow my daughter to come back to this store.  This store manager was bullying my daughter and her friends.  Please be aware for your kids going to this store.  The store manager is an Asian lady name Hyun!  This lady has no business being a store manager.
