4	Tasty, toasty subs!!!!I've just had my first Jersey Mike sub and it was drippingly delicious!!  This spot just opened, i think this week, and it was busy for lunch, but we were in & out in just a couple minutes.They slice the meat right in front of you and the bread is soft & fresh.  This ain't no Subway!!!  i highly recommend the Pastrami Reuben, love that dressing, and, Sauerkraut?  unbelieveable!  just wish there was more of everything :-)
4	I wanted to hate Jersey Mike's.  It  looks like a sterile corporate soul sucking building complete with vast parking lot.  We went inside and I appreciate that their menu is short and posted in big enough font to be read from 15 feet away.  What was immediately annoying though was we had no idea where we were supposed to go to order.  I don't like feeling dumb.  Makes my food less tasty.  I ordered a cold turkey sub and my husband got a hot hawaiian philly.  All the employees were friendly but perhaps because of the glass I couldn't understand a word they said.  I ended up getting my sub "Mikes Way" because all I could do is smile and nod whenever any of tem spoke to me.  I was HORRIFIED when she started shaking what looked to be gallons of red wine vinegar and oil onto my sub.  She was shaking that thing like I wanted my sub to actually be a red wine soup or something.  SICK!!  So I was understandably nervous that my sandwich was going to be soggy and vinegary and gross.  But...it wasn't.  It was sooooo good.  The bread didn't go soggy, it didn't taste vinegary.  I wished I had gotten a second sandwich so I could've inhaled that one too.  My husband really enjoyed his too.  Thankfully we had a few free sub cards because those two subs would've set us back close to $20.     Points for:  surprisingly delicious food, friendly employees, cleanPoints off:  PRICE (omg, only going back if someone else is buying), being unable to understand employees *I gave it one $ because if you are cheap you can get out for less than $10, if you are really hungry or get a whole meal or big sub, you are definitely paying more than $10
2	Not bad, but way too expensive for what you get! My Wife and I had passed this place numerous times, and each trip She'd say, That place has great sandwiches." So, last time we were near She stopped in and got us lunch... OK sandwich, nothing special (Safeway Deli is MUCH better), but it set her back some 14 frickin' dollars! I'll pass.
3	A couple co-workers and I order lunch from here every Friday on FUN SUB FRIDAY!The sandwiches are always very yummy, except I notice that the hot subs get soggy after only short time.  And, I am not a huge fan of the wraps.  They put WAY too much dressing on them and they fall apart very easily.The Italian sub is one of my FAVORITES!  As well as the PHILLY... just as long as you get the bread toasted... that way it doesn't get soggy and make it hard to eat.I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good fast sub lunch.
2	I actually went to the Jersey MIke's on West Chandler Boulevard - but the review is general for the chain.I second the many other reviewers that this sandwich shop is way to expensive for what it provides (approx $1 more expensive then other general sub chains). The toppings are limited, the meat is nothing fancy to make it more expensive, there is only two choices of bread and there is no toasted option. For as much as I paid for my 5 inch sub - I could have ventured over to the nearby souper salad and recieved a more comprehensive meal
4	Okay where to begin? Urban Spoon App pick. Clean, plenty of places to sit, indoors and outdoors. Already its blowing any Sub/Grinder shop Ive been to out of the water. All the sandwiches I saw being made looked ridiculously good! I had the Big Kahuna which is their Philly Cheesesteak with mushrooms and jalapenos added. Now I dont understand the people complaining about not getting your money's worth? Are you kidding me?? This isnt Taco Bell?? Its a friggin sub shop. $14 for 2  well endowed subs is expensive? If this is too rich for your blood. try the dollar menu at Jack in The Box. Or are you one of those that prefer the entire animal in your sandwich (ex. Miracle Mile/Jason's Deli) Ridiculous! Their "regular" size is approx an 8 inch sub and they're far from stingy. One average sized person will be more than satisfied with a "regular" sandwich???. Seriously to have to order a Large or have chips on top of your regular is just unnecessary spending and overkill on the food front. It's like people are brainwashed into thinking you have to have a side with everything you eat.. Im not cheap Im just not overeating...If you can eat a regular + add ons....you're either planning for leftovers, an athlete, a grown man, trying to gain weight,  or are friggin stoned !  As for other comments about it being soggy. Yes it was a bit but not falling apart or seemingly dipped in au jus soggy. My "grinder" was fan freakin tastic! It reminded me of D'Angelos #7 for all you East Coasters that may be familiar with that chain. LOVED it!
3	Some friends and I had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon around 12. My first impression, based on the line almost out the door, was "Wow, this place must be good". It took us about 15 minutes to get through the line, too long of a wait for me for a sub. However, the food was good, not great, but good. I got the Original Italian "Mike's Way". The sandwich makers had a hard time keeping the toppings on my sandwich, resulting in a messy lunch. The subs are more expensive here too, so just be prepared to spend twice as much as you would at a subway. I would go back again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for another meal here.
4	Amazing Subs and KILLER Cheesesteaks! All high quality ingredients and you can taste the difference.  The line can be long at anytime of day but it is worth it. I like it "Mike's Way".
3	In the fast food sandwich market there are many choices based on taste and your pocketbook. Take Jersey Mike's for instance. They are an east coast brand that has been making it's trek west for a few years now. On a recent visit I ordered their Original Italian w/ extra meat and a small soda which came to $12.29. The sandwich was very tasty and came on a 8" or so size sub. I've tried various Jersey Mike's along the west coast and they are all uniformly good, Ray Kroc would be proud.  What makes Mike's unique is the grilling of your meat for you Sub.  They have both a Philly and Hawaiian options, etc. The quality of the meats and sub bread seem above average as the prices reflect, but still a good sub!  ***Don't forget to ask for the "stamp card", so you can record your visit ***
5	Great East Coast Italian subs! Order your sub, "Mikes Way"....it's great!Friendly owners and staff, go out of their way to be friendly and personable. In fact, my young son is such a fan they recognize him when he comes in. His dream is to work at Jersey Mikes when he turns 16 so he can eat Jersey Mikes every day!Yummy!
4	First, let me say that I grew up outside of Philly and I appreciate a quality Sub or Cheese-steak. Jersey Mike's has the best cheese-steaks that I've found outside of PA or CA. Everything is top notch except the roll, that's just a little to soft compared to an Amaroso's Roll from Philly. I also miss sauce for a pizza-cheesesteak. As to the sub sandwiches, again the roll is too soft and the selection of deli meats is slim. Hoagie's from Lee's or Slacks in Philly are available with a much larger variety of Itialian Meats.  Even with these limitations, the sandwiches are still good and appropriately priced, Jersy Mikes is not Subway or Quiznos, these sandwiches are of a  far better quality with fresh sliced meats and cheeses, and fresh tasty veggies.The online service works great too!  I often order sandwiches for dinner before I leave work and pick them up as I drive by.      Stop in and try the cheese-steak, or a '13', Original Italian for lunch and you'll be a Mike's fan too!
4	My hubby is a big sub fan & Jersey Mike's is one of his favorites. We were in the area on Sunday & decided to have lunch here. We were warmly greeted by the employees & looked over the menu. Hubs chose #7 (turkey & provolone) giant size & I chose #6 (roast beef & provolone) mini size. We both chose white bread, he got all the fixins & I went the boring route with just lettuce & mustard. We both made our meals combos by adding chips & sodas. What I found awesome was that they support Susan G. Komen for the cure (breast cancer organization) & were selling pink cups for 70 cents more, with all proceeds going to their cause! Any how, the meats & cheeses are sliced fresh right in front of you & it makes their subs that much better. The bread is very delicious as well. Total for everything was less than $25, a lil on the pricey side but they blow Subway & other similar places out of the water! Plus, my hubby's sub was so huge that he made it into his dinner as well.
5	Great sandwiches!
5	The subs I loved when I was a kid at the Jersey Shore have now gone global!! I've been a fan of Jersey Mike's Subs since it was Mike's Subs In Pt Pleasant, NJ.OK, the bread isn't from Baldanza's. Phoenix is a long way from Long Branch, NJ. However, it's fresh and stands up to the oil and vinegar. My recommendation: if you like Italian cold cuts, the #2 or the #5. The cheesesteaks are the best you're gonna find outside Geno's in Philadelphia. Unless it's a "hot sub," ask for it "Mike's Way." You'll be glad you did.This isn't Subway. There are no $5 footlongs here. However, the sandwiches here are much larger and, unlike Subway, the only turkey cold cuts at Jersey Mike's is the turkey breast. The meats and cheeses are all sliced to order and their quality is first rate. You can taste the difference. The employees are great. If you go in there more than a couple of times, they recognize you. They're great with kids. There are a couple of televisions (at least one is always tuned to "Sportscenter"). The soda is unlimited and they accept credit cards.
2	OK,  This is the final word after my 2nd experience at Jersey Mike's.I got the Chipolte Philly sub again and it fell way short. This time I did not waste the calories and only choked down half the sandwich.Whoever made it went way overboard on the chipolte mayo or sauce they use and again the meat was lost in the colossal bread bath.Been there twice and will NOT return. I sure hope the other sandwiches are better than the Philly, but I am not going for round 3 at this joint!
5	Fresh food. Bread was super soft and the meat was sliced right then and there. I love this place. A little pricey but worth the quality.
5	I love this place and eat here too often. They can have some long lines, but it moves quick. The employees are very frriendly. Love all the TVs that are always on sports. The subs are amazing. I get either the club or the Big Kahuna, both are awesome. They're definitely on the pricier sub, but if you want a $5 footlong with processed cold cuts and stale bread, you know where to go, if you want a good quality sandwich, Jersey Mike's is for you.
5	I love Jersey Mikes! Great quality meat and fresh toppings made the way you like it. I crave their sandwiches and eat here all the time. The bread is moist and perfect ratios on the sandwich, so perfectly filling. The staff is awesome and I look forward to my next visit. I may go there tomorrow in fact! Also, I ordered a tray on super short notice for a wedding getting ready meal. The staff made it happen and everyone at the party kept asking where they were from- it was that good!
1	I gave this place a second chance and had the same poor experience as I did the first time, leading me to believe there is a pattern.  The service is incredibly slow. There was only a couple of people in front of me and they seemed to be friends of the staff. So the staff decided to chit chat for an exceptionally long time rather than moving them through and helping me with my order. Definitely not happy with that, especially since it happened BOTH times I visited. Next comes the food and I have to say I was very disappointed. The bread was very dry and stale. Really poor quality that I am surprised they actually served. This also happened BOTH times I visited. I couldn't really get beyond that to comment on any other part of the sandwich.Needless to say,  I won't be visiting Jersey Mike's again and putting myself through a needlessly long wait to get stale bread. If I could give them negative stars I would.
4	I came to know this place because my boy suggested we stop by here for lunch the other day. My first impression? It was simple, clean, and humble. I got the club sandwich "Mikes Way" and to be honest I was very surprised at the amount of flavor it kicked. So here is a break down of my experience.Pros:1. The place was clean and homey.2. The employees were courteous and polite.3. The food was actually really good and didn't have the gritty industrialized taste like Subway sandwiches have. Very fresh and everything is prepared in front of you, even the meat is sliced to order.Cons:1. They overdid the sauce. If you are not aware what "Mikes Way" is, it is the option of getting olive oil, vinaigrette, onion, tomato, lettuce, and different herbs and spices in your sandwich. It is delicious, so don't get me wrong when I complain about this. However they over oiled my sandwich causing it to go very soggy, very fast. By the time I finished a half of my sandwich and moved to the other, it was falling apart like no ones business. It became a hassle to eat the other half. This is the only negative thing I could find about this place hence 4 stars instead of 5 stars. Over all the experience was fantastic but make sure if you ask for "Mikes Way" to ask them to go easy on the sauce.
3	I'm a fan of the chain but I am really tired of this location getting my order wrong. I ask for mayo. NO mayo. I ask for sweet peppers, I get hot. I ask for it to not be Mike's way and it turns out Mike's way. Going somewhere else.
3	Part of my quest to eat something that's not available in Flagstaff after lacrosse games in Scottsdale. Decent sandwiches, good hard working service. Not much variety, but I am not a very picky eater. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, kinda $$$ for sandwiches.
5	Their #13 Italian sub is consistently the best sandwich I have found. Fresh sliced in front of you, piled on with the right veggies and the juice is just enough that blends the sandwich together.
2	Not sure what the hype is all about. I got the cheesesteak with chipotle sauce; she got the Italian "sub in a tub."Her sub in a tub was literally all the ingredients of a sub, in a plastic container, no bread. Does that bother me? No. So why am I making a big deal about it? Because its nothing special. We had it prepared "Mike's way," which meant it was sprinkled with petrified, flavorless oregano flakes, and dressed with oil and red wine vinegar. Mehh. The real train wreck was the cheesesteak with chipotle sauce that I ordered. The chipotle sauce was basically some form of heavy, gooey dressing, which sat in my stomach like a rock. For four hours. I felt nauseous the whole time. I have no idea how a cheesesteak with provolone cheese could have possibly turned out like this. And yes, I spent many years in NJ, so I know a thing or two about good subs. Not a fan. Sorry.
3	Another decent sandwich shop in an area loaded with decent sandwich shops.   I've tried the veggie sub, it's not bad but they are extremely cheap with the cheese (2 or 3 slices on the two veggie subs I've had from there) but I like that they have whole wheat sub rolls and they have a tasty cherry pepper relish.  I tried a few bites of the Philly which I thought was delicious.  Husband loved their super sub.I would make a point to stop here for the cheese steak but would go elsewhere for my cheese sub.  They charged us for two extra bags of chips the last time I was there which was annoying but not the end of the world, I'll make sure to check my receipt next time.  Their website needs improvement too, I didn't see all of the sandwich extras available until I tried to order online.  They want a credit card number to order online too - obnoxious.
1	1.5 stars, only for the food. this is *consistently* the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced. I've been here roughly 5 times and the guys behind the counter are always dicks. Every single one of you. I hope you read this too. Not a single one actually cares about the customer, while I'm not asking you to be friendly, hell you don't even have to talk to me, just don't act like a dick! It's really really easy. If subway is beating you in customer service, just close your doors. The worst part is that I see the attitude of the employees coming from the top down. The manager also, does not care. The store is consistently dirty, service is super slow, and the employees talk down to you and make fun of for not having it "mikes way". Oh here's the best part, do you want oil and vinegar on your sandwich? I hope everyone else does too! Because any lettuce that falls off the sandwich that has oil/vinegar on it, goes back to the lettuce bin with all the other "fresh" lettuce! I have seen this multiple times. Pretty sure this is against health code. The employees seem to have an attitude of "the customer is always wrong" approach. Don't want it mikes way? What's wrong with this idiot? The guy making my sandwich literally rolled his eyes when I asked for different cheese. Um, ok? Is it more work to use one cheese instead of another? Multiple times I have ordered cookies, and literally half the time I have to remind the guy I just told 10 seconds ago, that I ordered cookies. "Yeah, can I have a small drink and two cookies?" No cookies, every time. "Um, can I have my cookies please?"   "oh yeah, sorry bro, my bad"  yes, it is your bad, every time your bad, and you just don't care. What's worse? I've gotten WRONG cookies multiple times! Like, what? I don't even... how is this possible? Do you just throw any random cookie in a bag and hope it's the one I ordered? I WISH i was exaggerating!
5	We LOVE   Jersey Mikes! We love the club sub Mike's Way!! If you think Subway makes good subs, then you will just die when you eat a Jerzy Mike's sub!!! The taste is completely different, it's like comparing apples to oranges! Also, the employees will laugh and joke with you! I don't know if that's part of their job description, but I like it! They always remember me & they always give me a free cookie with my sub. The prices are much higher that Subway, but for what you get, the price is actually lower! Not to mention that it is SO much better!!! Once you try Jerzy Mikes, you'll never go back to Subway again!!!
5	Fast, polite, professional but funny group of people.  Makes for a fun lunch hour.  Their quality ingredients stand out at first bite.  I hit this spot about once a week because you can get any sandwich as a wrap or a salad....and it still tastes just as good.  Highly recommend you try this place out.  Jersey Mikes puts Subway, Blimpies and Schlotzkey to shame in my humble opinion.
5	I go to the shop off the 51 and Bell Road in Scottsdale. Very efficient service. Happy employees. Great manager(young lady with blonde hair) always singing and smiling. Always gets my order correct. Pricy sandwich, yes, but quality ingredients. I'll always return to same store on my way to and from Tucson.
1	Used to love this place but it has declined.  Picked up 3 sandwiches last week.  They have become very stingy on how much meat they put on a sandwich; a few pieces that are paper thin.  The lettuce was floating in water; the employee had to squeeze it before putting it on the sandwich.  The grill was broken and the employee did not pay enough attention to what I wanted on the sandwiches.  Almost $40.00 later.....
2	Food was okay. Service was very poor, slow and not friendly :(
1	Ordered a number 56 and got something that was not a number 56 and that was raw.  I would not recommend going to this place ever.
4	Honestly this beats subway, Jimmy Johns, and Fire House. They have a great amount of selection you can also build your own but it's not as good as subways build your own. But the Philly Cheese Steak sells me it all. The taste is just amazing always hot even when you're 5 bites in. With a side of chips and a drink nothing can be better. Fast service and great workers.
