2	I will not go back to this place nor do I recommend it. The people are very nice don't get wrong. The service is great. The problems:1. The prices are too high. I get suckered into choosing a more expensive pedicure package bc I think I'm saving some money but I'm not. It would come out to the Same price if I did it all a la carte. 2. I just got them done last week and pedicure is already ruined. It actually never looked good. It is too expensive for what I got. I can go to other places and get them done and they usually last for months. So this place must be doing something wrong. 3. Can I just say they are over priced again. If you go here you will be paying more than others and getting nothing more in return. I got my nails done. They did a good job on that. But not any better than other places. Needless to say. I would not recommend this place to anyone. (unless I didnt like you!);) nykkiOh yeah. what's up with places asking for the tip in cash. If I had cash then I wouldnt be using my credit card in the first place. I am not going to go to the bank just to tip you in cash!!
3	This nail salon is ok, but don't go here expecting a real 'spa' experience. I went here today with a couple of friends to get pedicures as the salon is close to where we live and convenient for all of us. We made appointments and did not have to wait, so that was a positive. One of my friends' man who did her toes was really friendly and personable, but my guy was not. Mine was a younger man, and he did a nice job, but he gave a pretty weak massage and was texting and watching tv throughout the pedi. Not really the best experience, but my toes came out nice and my little toe design turned out cooler than my friends (sorry guys!) so he gets props for that. I felt like for a newer salon, the massage chairs weren't the best and a lot of the 'fun' nail colors offered were in off brands (not OPI or China Glaze)...which makes me wary to try them. A basic pedi was 22$ and the nail design was 5$, so it is fairly reasonable, but I don't know if I would go back because I had a better experience at a different salon (nails 8000) for around the same price.
5	The best Nail salon in the valley!!! Nor only are the technicians amazing & friendly but if they make a mistake they go out of there way to make it right! Price is also very fair! Lindsey and Tom are the owners and are awesome people!!! Kudos to the shop! Will never go anywhere else!
3	It wasn't horrible. The girl seemed like she couldn't be bothered and wanted to be else were. The guy was trying to be impressive with all his different topics. He was be over bearing and ignoying  to me. I wasn't  impressed by his conversations.They job they did was standard.
3	I come here if I want a pedicure every couple months because it's close to my house. Depending on the day and time, it can get really busy so I would suggest going later in the day on weekdays (they close at 7pm). The staff working there are friendly and accomodating. It's definitely not top of the line but it's nice enough. For a basic pedicure, it's around $20 but I always get callus removal, which is a $5 charge. I've gotten a gel manicure here before too and was told it would last 2 weeks without chips. Mine lasted 5 days before it started looking bad. I'm not really into manicures anyways. One thing I do like about this place is you can just walk in and not have to make an appointment. I wish the pedicures lasted a little longer and that they used hot rocks like competing nail salons but it's still a nice time to relax.
5	I love love love this place!!! I have been coming here since they opened. Yes, they may be more expensive than other places, but I have tried those "other" places and I have been  disappointed by them!! If I ever have a problem with something it's always fixed quickly! My mom and sisters all come here and they love it just as much. I will never go to another place again! I also love that they get to know you by name & always make you feel welcomed. Or when you've been away for awhile they are excited to see you again.  I am truly happy with this nail shop and I will continue to come here!
4	Writing this review because I think this place deserves better ratings. The service is exceptionally friendly, and my pedicures have always been excellent. The one time that I had to rush out the door before my pedicure had fully dried, the owner told me to come back and he'd fix it for free if it smudged. Prices are a little higher than some other places nearby, but I'm happy to pay it for consistent quality and a clean, welcoming salon.
1	Pretty awful. I only went here one time, and I got a full set of acrylic. I had a picture of what I wanted him to paint on one nail of each hand, and he did an absolutely awful job. I don't even know if he realized that his drawing looked nothing at all like the picture he had right in front of him the whole time he was painting. I could have forgiven that (although it was hilariously bad) but even up to 2 hours after I got my nails done they were still denting at everything I touched. Also, the tips of my nails were all crooked.  I had to get my nails completely redone.
4	Recently I needed to get my nails fixed before going to a wedding for the week. I was unsure where to go and wanted to go on my way home which was around 5pm. They got me in quickly and there were multiple polish colors for me to choose from!! The only reason they are not receiving 5 stars is because even though they were very welcoming and quick the lady constantly talked in her other language with a co worker and continuously kept laughing. This made not only me a little uncomfortable but also  the lady next to me who even gave a look as if she couldn't believe what was happening.
2	I like to give every place a second chance, but this place received one by default.  I went here recently, having just come from out of town on the way to a job interview.  I am trying to grow my nails out/strengthen the nail beds,  so planned to forego gel polish, but since no one asked, offered, or recommended anything in the way of gel polish, specials, combos, etc., when directed, I chose a regular polish. (None of the three technicians were occupied when I entered.) The tech did show me the card to choose my pedicure. The chair was very relaxing; no real complaints about the pedicure, though I was a little embarrassed by the cleavage of the young lady (and I'm not a prude); pretty decent callous removal, even though I only chose  the "regular" pedicure; leg massage was very nice. When it was time for the manicure (same tech) I was asked about filing a little and evening out, and what shape, to which I said yes, just file a little and square-rounded. Next thing I knew she had clipped my longest nail with a pair of big clippers, then proceeded to clip them all (no need stopping her at that point because it would have looked weird); however, the one nail I had expected to be clipped and filed wasn't even touched. I thought it had been fixed during the cuticle work, but even hang nails were missed, as discovered later.  The polish went on and even then seemed a bit thick, but, hey - I'm not the technician. After she started the polish, she asked why I didn't like gel; I told her no one mentioned it, but I didn't want my nail beds filed on, like I have had done before, to which she replied they don't do that there; even though I expressed interest, she made no suggestion to do it or start over.  I was moved over to the UV drying station and just left there for 10 min. or so. Needing to get to my interview, I looked at the manager, standing behind the counter, and asked if he thought they were ready; he said oh, sure...didn't even check, but I got the feeling he was waiting for me, so I gathered my things carefully and went to pay. When I asked the name of my technician, he didn't even know, but did find out. I noticed one of my nails smudge so asked if I could/should dry some more. I waited another ten min. and left. Within a few minutes, even though super careful, three nails looked like they had just melted...the whole shebang had slid down toward my cuticle! Not having any time, I smoothed them and poured water on them ASAP (a quick set trick from an old manicurist), and hid my fingers during the interview. (Note: toes were just fine, even after slamming into shoes for interview; four hours afterward, my fingernails were still mushy and pitting!) I planned to chalk it up to "lesson learned", but found myself in the area the next afternoon and decided to see if they would fix my manicure. While much busier, the lady manager (I think, no one introduced themselves ever!) came right over and loudly proclaimed they would fix for free, though she denied anything being wrong with the polish, that it was probably my fault for rushing...but why hadn't I done gel nails? I explained. She called up another technician (the guy manager did remember my technician's name from day before), still loudly declaring they would fix but I must stay longer. When I mentioned my toes were fine, that I thought they may want to take that bottle of polish down, they said toenails dry differently than fingernails and the polish works differently. REALLY? Which turnip truck do you think I fell off of? I decided to ask if they would discount a gel manicure, and they knocked $10 off, handed me over to the new manicurist, amid much foreign chatter and what appeared to be an attempt to hide me from the previous manicurist. (I see someone else mentioned the huge amount of giggling, seeming side exchanges, and foreign conversation, which I do find to be a little disrespectful.) My new caretaker was polite, made suggestions/created my color, but did ask why I liked my nails so short; though I think that was a little impertinent (but not as much as her cleavage; no I am NOT a weirdo, but worse than the day before!), I responded I didn't, that her colleague had snipped them off! This gal did some prep, continuing to extol the wonders of gel polish, had me wash up without soap, and finished the manicure. I ended up being moved near my manicurist from the previous day, explained what happened, suggested she may want to take the polish down, to which the present manicurist rolled her eyes and clicked her tongue. While she did a decent job, the polish ran over my cuticles to some degree (and now 4 days later, polish is beginning to flake off at edges). I paid; I left...and won't go back.  I'm sure this place is good for some, but not for me.    Note: The shop is quiet enough, no fumes, fairly clean - though never did see sterilized equipment, and the restroom/hall area were kind of dingy.
5	I decided to make this place my regular spot for nails after trying several other local places. I like this place the best because:- it's a lot cleaner than other area salons- the people are always friendly and seem to recognize their customers- they keep expanding their options, including new colors- there is enough going on that I can stay entertained while sitting through the hour-long process of getting a gel manicure- the prices are competitive with other local salonsI've never had a bad service and I highly recommend this salon.
5	I got my pedicure done today, and I love it. The young girl did my toes perfectly. She gave me a nice massage on my legs. I recommend you guys to come here and try it.
3	Decent place, wasn't thrilled with the manicure. It was very busy that day, but it felt very rushed and little attention to detail that left my nails uneven and cuticles a mess. Not sure if I will be back.
2	This place is really a hit or miss.  The service/quality is never the same. Some times they do a fantastic job other times I could have done a better job and saved myself the money. Making an appointment means nothinf to them so don't waste your time making one. The one good thing is the quality of the eye brow waxing,  they always do my eye brows great.
5	My first time today at Beverly Nails and I gotta say my experience was amazing!!! I went in not expecting much because of the reviews but because this place is so close to my house I thought I would give it a try! My nails look fierce for prom and I'm so happy with the results! Man who did my nails was friendly and welcoming! I highly recommend this place if you are looking for affordable yet stunning nails. (Full set only $25)
2	I went in yesterday for my first time with a friend. We both had long weeks and needed some pampering, plus I've never had a pedicure before. The place looked clean and welcomed us even though we didn't have appointments. Once they sat us down into the chairs is when the problems began.I let the lady know it was my first time getting a pedicure so my feet are sensitive. She nodded and began talking her native language to the other girl taking care of my friend. I find that to be a little disrespectful. While she was filing my nails a customer came out from the waxing room very irate yelling at the tech who waxed her, during the commosion my tech kept filing on one of my nails until it bled even though I kept jerking my foot back to prevent it from happening. She finally got the hint and said "oh it hurt", then proceeded to spray rubbing alcohol on it! It burned, for a little, but it burned!I was shocked and just asked her to please take it easy on my feet. I wasn't about to create a scene too and I really just wanted to relax so I bared with the tingly pain. The massage was great as was the hot stone treatment. The nail polish I'm not too happy about. I already have a chip on one nail. Overall I had an amusing first pedicure experience, however, I will never return to this place.
4	People always want a Nordstrom experience for a K-Mart price. I have been going to this salon for at least 6 months and the reason I go back is because I get what I TELL THEM I want and the price is right.  I don't go for luxurious atmosphere (even though I find the salon to be as clean or cleaner than many others I've been to) or unlimited polish colors (they have hundreds of colors as it is #bringyourowncolor).  If you want that, go to a fancy Scottsdale salon about 5 minutes west and pay $35 for a fill while you look at glorious artwork and listen to Moby in the chamomile & cucumber scented atmosphere. Then try telling THEM you don't like how they are performing the service.  I go to the same tech every time so that she gets to know me and my preferences.  Going back to the same person helps overcome language barriers, which are tough to deal with #putyourselfintheirshoes.   I like my acrylic nails short, square-round, and thin; Lindsey knows it and that's what I get - for a great price.  Did she know that the first fill? No, I had to explain it.  That's not unreasonable.  I say they are worth a try.
2	This is the first time writing a review on yelp even though I've used it for years. So I'm in town from California for my cousins wedding and my sister her kids, and I decided we wanted to get a medi pedi before the wedding (this was yesterday) We walked in and was greeted and seated right away. everything was fine even though the two nail techs kept speaking in vietnamese and ignored my sisters question twice but, we were like whatever...when the lady finished my feet she then took me over to a different part of the salon to start on my hands...that's when things got alittle interesting.  she first of all looked kind of irritated and mad about something.  We talked a bit where she said "so you're from California? " i said "yes" so I asked her if she had been there. She said "yes, San Diego and Santa Ana" I said " oh that's by little Saigon" now I don't know if I offended her with that comment but, I didn't mean to. i mean where i live the population is about 85% asian and my husband is even half filipino Chinese.  After that she got a little ruff and ended up cutting my finger with the nail file. when she was done she asked if I liked it and I did so I said "yes" while waiting for my niece's to be done, my great aunt and grandmother came in to wait with us. after 5min we paid left tips and my sister left to take her son a few doors down to get a hair cut. now its hot in Arizona  so we were just sitting there talking, my niece was drying her nails under the light when the girl who helped me came over takes my niece's hand says "your done" looks at me says" you can keep the slippers and you can leave now " in a kinda rude tone....really!? That was rude of her to say. my family was even shocked. All I could say was "umm ok? thank you" and walked out. If they were busy sure I'd understand a bit but, they only had one new customer come in and that was it. so I'm giving 2 stars since the work wasn't so bad but, they need to seriously work on how they treat people!
5	Some people seriously don't understand if they want high end manis/pedi then go else where like nord storms and pay. ..I have been coming to this place for almost 5 YEAR'S and I love the place. .I also have brought my residents for spa day and it is hard to please a senior citizen and this place won them all and now they all come regularly for pedis/mani and I forgot the facials. ..Love Beverly Nails. ...
1	Walked in received dirt looks from staff. Was unpleasant the entire time. Paid $22 for him to remove my Polish half ass scrub my feet and paint them. He was to busy watching the football game and talking to even notice anything. Filed one foot. Didn't do anything. At the end i didnt even know of he was "done" got up and was watching the game and then started cleaning. Was awful. Didn't even say thank u after I actually tipped him. I've had way better services else Where. Will never return.
1	-No recommended at all!!! Racist and horrible customer service.  ZERO starts be better!!Talking about been RACIST well then this is the place.  I walk in got an bad welcome and got seated to wait since I did not have an appointment. Ok with that since i did not have an appointment. 15 minutes after, a couple walk-in asking if they can be seen "no appointment either" few minutes after they got seated and a Vietnamese guy start doing their pedicure, even though I got there 20 minutes before them. Waited few minutes though to my self maybe the other girls will see me in few minutes but to my surprise I guess I had wait even longer and not been see right away for been a latino person.I will not recommend this place to anyone, for the bad customer service and been racist.
