5	Aloha:I have eaten Pete's since I was 6 month old 1951, it has not changed a bit. One of the last drive inn's in any where. Red & White glaring out in the hot Arizona night. It is the one thing I will always do when visiting Phoenix. The Mesa store is probably the nicest and busiest.Monster Burgers Rule.Was back in Foenix last week  still the "ono grinds"LetS help the one and two star Yelper's  If you grew up with Walboy and Ladmo you understand..
1	Pete's is one of those places I don't understand.  Growing up in Mesa, AZ, Pete's has a loyal and fanatical following.I'm not sure why.  The fish is about as processed as you can imagine (rectangular squares of fish-like material).  The shrimp and "crabettes" are even worse.  The only reason I can think of eating at Pete's is that you might want to relive the experience of bad junior high school cafeteria food (and my school had better food than Pete's).Still, the place packs them in, and does a land office business, so I guess there is no accounting for taste...
2	Being a Phoenix native, I almost felt embarassed that I only ate at Pete's for the first time seven years ago. I had gotten back from England and was trying to recreate the orgasmic fish and chips experience I had there. Pete's was around the corner from my complex and after all, I DID see so many  of those "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper stickers all around Tempe. I had to try it.I ordered the two fish combo, and my reaction was...what the..?..are they serious? 1.) The "chips" suuuuck. No salt, overcooked and stiff. I couldn't even eat them. 2) The two squares of fish I got were alright, but I may as well have gone to Safeway and bought a box of Gorton's fish sticks. 3.) The red "special sauce".  Wtf? And you have to pay extra if you want tarter? Lame. 4.) No malt vinegar. Enough said. Why there is such a collective hard-on for this place is beyond me. It's a laughably bad example of Fish and Chips.
5	Quick, good, greasy, cheap, and deep fried deliciousness. Don't expect healthy here, but do expect to save some money! Their messy fish sandwich is the bomb, but so is everything else! They have a special sauce that Is so dang good I wish they sold it in stores.This place is old school, Been around since 1947. They don't take credit/debit cards so bring cash, you know, it's that green paper we used to use to buy stuff!
1	I agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible.  We ordered fish and shrimp combo.  It was over deep fried and crispy - almost brick like.  I had never seen shrimp so over breaded and cooked that you don't recognize it as shrimp underneath.The monster burger was ok, nothing special but piled on with so many condiments (that I was not asked if i wanted) that is was dripping like liquid.  And you have to pay extra for the sauces!!!  What?
4	Very good fish and chips. Get the shrimp and fish plate. I like the crunch from the square fish. The plate is big enough to split. The sauce is really unique and comes with everything. Has a bite to it. Not quite ketchup, not quite cocktail sauce. The burgers are greasy and good. They also come with Pete's sauce for the fries. The combo comes with a fried burrito too. That is another good one. The onion rings are coated in a corn meal based batter and fried to a good crisp bite.
4	I'm sorry, I really like Pete's. I only give it 4 stars because they are run down dives and the fries aren't my favorite but I really like the fish and I could practically drink the sauce. It's true that this isn't your typical fish and chips and I think that's why some are disappointed. The coating on the fish is not a batter but has a kind of crumbly, crunchy exterior that happens to really soak up the sauce, which is a good thing. It's a dive that's been around since the 40's with a long line of people everyday for lunch and dinner; they must be doing something right!  Just don't expect beer batter halibut for $20, this is inexpensive, tasty, crunchy goodness on a paper plate. I know I'm not the only one out there that loves Pete's!  I go there every time I visit Mesa.
