4	I haven't been here enough.  I am smitten with the photo booth.  I love photo booths a lot.
5	One of my very favorite places in downtown Phoenix.  I have see my favorite bands play here numerous time, have enjoyed an ice cream in the summer and warm coffee in the winter.  I have a collection of awesome black and white photo booth strips.I have shown work in this gallery and have seen the work of many friends hang on the wall. I have been on their stage for Grand Ave Tonight, the most important talk show of our times.  I have gone to a swap-o-rama-rama and was able to give my clothes a new home. The memories of The Trunk Space go on and on and on and on!!!!  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!
4	This will always be the best place in Phoenix to see up and coming signed and indie artists. No A/C, but nice people.
5	the best all ages venue in phoenix, hands down. run by good people. hard to have a bad time at the trunk space! just make sure not to get stabbed by a crackhead while walking to your car, as it's in a rough neighborhood.
4	adorable.
5	This is definitly one of the best places to see a band down in downtown phoenix, even better than Dodge Arena or whatever the hell it's called, Aerosmith or friggin' Man-O-War is not gonna be stopping by the Trunkspace anytime soon. And the admission isn't going to require a donation of plasma OR the blood of your first born child. For such a small, hot little art gallery every band I've ever seen there doesn't sound at all bad, it's always balanced pretty nicely. Although you're not gonna find any liqour being poured in the building, you won't have to endure a straight edge night just yet, because the sweet Bikini Lounge is within twenty steps of the Trunkspace! WOO! Not to take away from the Trunkspace's totally bangin' soda pop/espresso/lenin-ade selection, but man do I want a strong cheap drink in between bands. The Trunkspace even has a cute little bathroom for all your booze induced pee time! Yes! It's the worst when you have to pee on the back of a building where a cat could or could not jump on you whilst peeing. THE WORST!Anyways, this place rocks. There is always something pretty/interesting hanging on the walls or for sale near the front of the shop. Plus you can get the coolest black and white photos of you and your hot lady friend taken in the vintage photo booth. The only downside sometimes is the parking. They have a little baby lot right next to the building but it fills up fast with band's vans and stuff, so you have to go park down one of the side streets, which I've never heard of anything getting stolen or broken into but still it doesn't look to friendly. But who cares, and since when has it been easy to park in downtown phoenix?Even if you don't know a few of the bands playing that night, they're probably really interesting if not totally awesome. Just like books, you should check 'em out.
5	Trunk space books fabulous Indi bands!I can still remember back when JRC and Steph were vending coffee out of Paper Heart Gallery when it was on Van Buren! Now they have a venue that is lifeblood of Phoenix. I have seen amazing bands here, too many to mention, and really bad local comedy, and both were well worth the cover charge.The art shows curated here are always impressive as well. This is a good place to really be in Phoenix.
3	Last night, Hubby and I saw the Pretty Things Peep Show at The Trunk Space. The show itself was good, as was the space, but great? There were a few simple things that could have been done that would have made a big difference. It may be a completely different crowd for the bands they book, but this was an older crowd that looked like they could have all afforded the couple of extra bucks it would have cost the Trunk Space to rent some folding chairs. Instead, most of us were asked to sit on the floor (when was that last mopped?) and the consequence was that a good bit of the crowd thinned during intermission. Too bad for the performers. They also should have blocked off the parking lot, as the back portion was not visible to the many cars that tried to head back there, ourselves included, and then had to finagle turning around in an awkward space. A couple of cones would go a long way toward avoiding the frustration of your customers. No AC is a deal-breaker in Phoenix. I know it's mid-February, but it still got hot and stuffy in there. Fans would have helped. I appreciate what The Trunk Space does- books acts that other venues would not. I just wish the overall experience could have been more comfortable.
5	okay.  i've been putting off this review because i'm afraid i won't do this place justice.  i really, really like trunk space.  a lot.  they host tons of great music/sound-based shows and are clearly one of the hubs of the phoenix local scene.  they are also a gallery with new work monthly.  there are records, toys, coffee, soda, and a sweet selection of albums from local and touring bands for sale.  oh, and a photo booth!  and a kitty!
4	Why you should go to Trunkspace:  It's a cool artspace that features good local artists and cool local bands.  Touring bands come here often as well.  Because Trunkspace is an independent space you can see some of the weirdest, quirkiest, oddest (read:  uncommercial) music out there.  JRC and Steph are good proprieters and friendly to artists and people attending events.  They stock homemade items and also serve up some good coffee.  Big Plus:  The Photobooth!  The downside:  no alcohol is served here.  However, just step over next door to The Bikini lounge for all the cheap swill you heart desires.
5	the trunk space is the best place to see shows and the best place to play shows in the valley.  the owners are friendly, awesome people, the drinks are yummy, the art for sale is always interesting and affordable.  newcomers are welcomed with open arms, and the trunk space family is always in full effect.as an added bonus, the bikini lounge is right next door!
5	This is a very fine place to see music or comedy or what have you.  One of the finest things I saw there was Andrew Jackson Jihad doing Pixies covers.  A little intimate setting with a triangular stage.  You can get fine sodas, coffee and ice cream for cheap, along with various pieces of art, puppets, clothing and buttons.  PThere is also the ever-popular black and white photo booth. lus the Bikini Lounge is two doors down if you want to drink up before a show.    Also JRC and Steph, the proprietors, are good folk.  Please, sign their guestbook on the counter and tip generously.
5	I was a little confused at what this place actually was at first when I walked in.  I went there to see my friend's friends band play last night.  I got that part.  But was it part art gallery, part coffee shop, part music venue, part lets confuse me a little more? It was a little strange to see a band perform there and no alcohol was served.  Thank G-d for the Bikini Lounge next door.  Whatever this place was, it was pretty cool!  The people that seemed to frequent the place seemed very nice and the chick that was working was super cool.  I actually could say that the acoustics in that place rocked....both bands that played sounded crystal clear and didn't blow my eardrums out.Only real minus was the parking.  But who cares...it was one of the coolest places that I went to in Phoenix.
2	I guess im not scene enough for this place.  Guys in girl pants, here is your venue. Its really small, tries to combine to many different facets, and the bands they book are typically emo / pop rock bands.  On occasion theyve had a random local punk show, but for the most part this place is for the journal writing, scarf wearing, horn rimmed glasses crowd.  Some of the art is decent,  it has a kind of co-op/ food not bombs feel, and the staff is nice enough,  just not my crowd i guess.
4	I loved the atmosphere of this place. I have seen hundreds of shows in my life from stadiums to quaint places like this. I prefer places like the Trunk Space. I saw the Miniature Tigers here a few weeks ago and it was great. To be honest, the sound system isn't the greatest but is perfect for indie/folk bands. The people that worked there were all very nice. I hope the rumors of this place shutting down are not true. We have lost the Modified and I hope this place can survive. The music scene in the valley had fizzled out and seems to be getting even worse. We need more places like The Trunk Space.
5	Long live the Trunkspace, an awesome venue run by good people. I've probably seen over 100 shows there over the years, and even played a couple. Always a good time.
1	Since the last time I was there: NO AC, the one avail toilet was broken and backed up creating a foul odor across the venue. Not to mention the hundreds of sweaty 13 year olds hanging out making a mockery of themselves instead of allowing others to enjoy the only pleasurable experience from this place... the music.
4	This venue is so small, poorly ventilated, and just plain seedy to put it nicely, but that doesn't stop me from loving it. The Trunk Space has blown my mind with music I doubt I'd stumble upon any place else.Think of the strangest musical act you've ever seen, and Trunk Space would book them. In between sets, feel free to grab a drink at their espresso bar. They also have some pretty unique soft drinks, like "Leninade", or Ginger Beer.At some times it also acts as an art gallery. Hell, I've even seen improv comedy. Truly worth a shot no matter what you're in the mood for.Some argue that this place attracts too many 'x', where 'x' is a group they just can't coexist with for a two hour show (usually teenagers and hipsters). Those are the only people not welcome at the Trunk Space. The rest of us will have a blast!
2	Great customer service, cute little place in an area that has a growing art scene.  Maybe a little seedy for most people, but that didn't put me off.  I was looking forward to something new and quirky, and they headline some decent bands.But wow, what a snotty self-absorbed hipster crowd!  Maybe I hit it on the wrong night, but between that, the lousy parking, and the exorbitant cover charge, I have no plans to return.
4	Went to see some bands here last night. Good little space. This is the type of DIY, all-ages venue that every major city should have. Being 21+ it was convenient having the Bikini next door for some beer between bands. Only downside was the PA system is sub-par, but that is to be expected of venues of this caliber and it didn't totally ruin my experience. All in all the folks who run this spot have a good thing going.
4	When the Trunk Space says doors at 7, show at 7:30, they actually mean doors at 7:30, show at 8:30. But I didn't know that the first time I went, so my friend and I showed up at 7:05, only to find the doors shut and a completely empty parking lot- well, almost completely empty, except for one large white windowless totally sketchy van. "Hey," someone from the van yelled. My friend and I walked over. A man with the greasiest hair I have ever seen was hanging out the window. "Want to hang out with us?" At this point my friend gave me a warning look that said hell-no-this-is-the-worst-idea-ever. "Sure," I said. We got in the van. We then spent the next hour talking with the bands- all three of them- that were playing at the Trunk Space that night. When the doors opened we all went inside, and they offered to let us play the tambourine for them. We got up on the tiny wooden stage and played tambourine to their deafening metal music. Then we signed the guest book, used the photobooth, and hung out with the Trunk Space cat, a stray that sat inside, seemingly unfazed by all the noise.So, I am not advising that you get into anyone's van, but the Trunk Space is a great, small venue where it is easy to get to know artists and awesome Phoenicians alike. That is why I will never stop showing up early to Trunk Space shows.
5	I've been going to this place for over seven years now. It is one of the best DIY/all ages art spaces in the country. A lot of bands play here and the they mix it up pretty heavily every month. From folk to noise to metal to experimental hip hop you can find it here if you just check the calendar monthly! Their new PA is great and the owners Steph and JRC are awesome. A home away from home!
5	I grew up here, going to shows and just hanging out. This place is my other home in Phoenix. They always have great shows and JRC and Steph work their asses off to make sure Phoenix has an all-ages venue that Phoenix can brag about.
2	The trunk space is a semi-good place to see live shows. I have noticed that they seem to follow a strict genre of music. Keeping more to popular-punk but still underground-emo for mostly high school kids, but also like bands that cross this genre with experimental types as well. One thing about the Trunk Space, NO AC!! Damn that place is hotter than a steam room. If you like to be crowded in a small room with emo kids, welcome to the Trunk Space.
