4	Walked in as our office is close by before lunch to see what the new salon was all about.  Clean and very welcoming.  Prices for a pedicure with hot stone massage started at $27.  Gel Manicure started at $30.  Queenie was my nail tech and did an amazing job.  My friend's nails were done by Jane who also did an amazing job.  They'll serve you up with muchies or something to drink - just ask.  So glad they opened.
5	I am surprised there are not more reviews on this little gem of a nail salon.  I used to go to My Nail Salon on Tatum and Shea, but I am a talker you see and that is frowned upon there, got a couple of scowls and a nasty demeanor  so I had to find a new place. Two Hearts is in the awesome shopping center at Scottsdale Rd. and Doubletree right next to Mackies Parlour. They are the sweetest girls from check-in to check-out. The twins are very talented and worked on my daughter also.  Cleanliness is important to me and attitude, all 5 stars in my book!!! I have never seen such an extensive collection of polish, easily over 500 bottles. They even have a magnetic gel polish that has a subtle swirly design when a magnet is placed over the top before curing. I talked through the whole process and had a great time!!  For those ladies who like to talk on their cell phones during services, do you realize how rude you are being to everyone around you??  Please learn some etiquette. I highly recommend this nail salon to anybody in need of a change from the drab dreary little places that have existed until recently.
5	Best nail bar in town!Hands and feet down!I love Twee!
5	This is honestly the best nail salon I've been to in Scottsdale. I won't go anywhere else! The manicurists do an AMAZING job, it's so nice inside, they serve wine, and their prices are very reasonable. Every friend I've taken here has switched to this salon. It's definitely a hidden gem!! Highly recommended!
2	I don't get this salon.  I went there after work on a Tuesday and the salon was dead.   I asked for a pedicure and was told I couldn't get in till Friday?  They need a new business model.
1	Honestly, the worst pedicure I can remember. I rarely leave negative reviews, but I'm shocked at how bad the actual pedicure was. I don't care about how nice the place was when I need to get a new pedicure today to clean up their mess. Besides not giving me any time to allow my toes to dry before asking me to get up (and they're smudged), they flew through the pedicure, no cleaning up of any skin, bleeding cuticles from rough filing and burned me with the hot towel. I hate to be negative but it bothers me how sloppy this was.
