2	Cheap pizza.  If you're lucky, you'll get what you paid for.  I'm feeling kind and giving this location two stars.  They rarely cover the pizza in cheese and toppings, but remember that the cheese and pepperoni pizzas are just $5.  When we have ordered the supreme ($8) the toppings are either burnt or look as though they have seen a few better days.  If you order the Supreme and they tell you it will be 5 minutes, be prepared to wait anywhere between 15-20.  Bottom line, if you're looking for a little more quality, try Papa John's, Domino's or Pizza Hut and pay a few dollars more.
3	Little Caesar's, I hate to admit that one of your lame promotional tactics has worked on me, despite much resistance on my part.  There is no way I'd ever pick up a phone, call you, and deliberately ask that you be in charge of dinner for the evening.But when I'm already in your shopping center for other reasons and I know that neither my wife nor I feel like cooking dinner or going out on a Friday night, then your $5 Hot n' Ready pizza may just hit the spot.  Let's just keep one thing straight: you will never be a mainstay for us, and if we ever invite you into our home, it's merely because we were desperate and you were cheap and available.  Don't think that we'll ever like you for anything other than $5 pizza, because we won't.  And after we've had our way with your cheap nastiness, we'll hide all the evidence and never tell anyone about it.Thanks for being there for us, Hot n Ready menu!  This is the one and only thing that makes Little Caesar's worthwhile.
3	So let's be honest, Little Caesars is not the best pizza in the world but who would expect that of a $5 Hot n Ready pizza?  The pizza is decent especially for the price.  The only real complaint I have with this Little Caesars location is that I have been here twice to pick up a Hot n Ready sausage and cheese pizza and both times there were no sausage and cheese pizzas Hot n Ready...so, on the first visit my husband and I decided to wait as I'm not a big pepperoni fan and my husband is definitely a carnivore and needs some sort of meat on his pizza.  On the second visit I decided to just get pepperoni instead as I didn't feel like waiting for the sausage.  The pizza is of good quality for $5 but it would be nice if it were actually ready when we went to get it.  :)
1	I called to check how late they were open. They said 2300. I get there at 2240, the sign says they close at 2300. Their door is locked and they ignore my knocking. There are pizzas in the earners though. I call and was told they closed. When I pointed out they are supposed to still be open I'm met with attitude. Way to win customer loyalty.
