5	I liked it--big time! From now on, this is the only place I'm staying at in Phoenix (OK, it's not technically Phoenix but close enough). The staff was friendly and had a great attitude. The room was spotless, and the grounds are nicely maintained. They offer all the amenities (I like the free parking), so give the Lion a shot.
5	I booked this hotel as a last minute trip to the amazing Wet Electric Event held in Scottsdale.  The hotel is very easy to find and only a few blocks off the freeway which made things very convenient for us when we exited.  Parking is free and the area is very safe with lots of stores you would need around you for a vacation.  We had no problems checking in and the staff was very sweet and attentive from the beginning.  The rooms are a decent size with AC/Heater, huge flat screen TV, free wifi, and even a free medium refrigerator which we were pretty excited about.  We had only been in our room for two hours and our excitement level had escalated which disrupted a few other rooms.  Then one of the hotel employees named Christian came to our room and with a very professional and calm tone, had asked us to turn the music down.  Christian had handled the situation very well and at no point did he make it feel like I was being punished which made me really respect him as a professional.  Christian was very charismatic, polite, and always friendly to us during our stay at the Red Lion Inn.  I would definitely recommend this hotel for its great rates, location, free wifi, free printer for our tickets :) clean rooms, free shuttle anywhere in a 5 mile radius, and especially for its wonderful staff.  I will definitely be staying here the next time I visit Arizona.  Thanks again Red Lion Inn :)
5	Good, quality hotel. The staff is nice and attentive. The breakfast buffet has many options and a lot better than what I've been used to seeing. The room is clean and comfortable. The only down-side is that the walls are kinda thin and the bathroom sink is around the corner from the toilet and shower (at least in our room). Location is nice, I never felt unsafe. Very close to freeways and Old Town Scottsdale, ASU, and Papago Park, 15min from Downtown, 5 min from airport. And dog-friendly!
4	We have a very pleasant stay at the Red Lion Inn and Suites. It's just north of the ASU campus past the freeway over pass and Tempe lake project.  It's close enough to everything including Scottsdale. Sure it's not a Scottsdale resort or in the middle of Tempe near Mill Ave. but we could drive just about everywhere and were away from the traffic and congestion around the ASU campus.The service was good and the rooms nicely furnished. They had a mini fridge and complimentary coffee. The air conditioning units worked great. They also have a television with HBO. The beds  were nice and comfy, the pillows great. The complimentary shampoo, condition, and lotions were nice to. They have a pool and serve a light breakfast in the morning. The spread is pretty good, from fruit, hot muffins with cheese and bacon on them to a selection of cereal, oatmeal, and our favorite, the waffle machine. They also had juices, milk, and yogurt. The staff was helpful, kept things pleasant, and we had a wonderful stay while attending a graduation at ASU. It looks like they also have shuttles to and from Sky Harbor. I'd definitely recommend, we had a very pleasant stay.
