2	The Williamson Gang is a band of gypsies, so it's no wonder that we tend to move a lot: it's the way of our people.I lived at this complex a few years back, and I did not have the best experience.  It's nearly impossible to get cell phone reception probably due to the parking monstrosities next to the apartments.  The office people intentionally mislead us about the security insurance policy - it is not the equivalent of a security deposit - so that when we left we owed them a ton of cash because they claimed that we ruined their crappy shag carpet.  No amount of contact with the local office staff or their corporate overlords ever rectified the situation, so we paid the fee to avoid having a blemish on our renting history.  I regularly curse at the building as I'm going by the convenient location.I would never recommend this complex to anyone, but my friend, who was my roommate at the time that we lived at Camden, decided to give them another try.  Cell phone reception is still horrible, he has to leave his phone on the window sill.  His $800-a-month one-bedroom turned into nearly $1000 per month due to all of their mandatory fees.  Fees include valet garbage even though he has to walk by a dumpster to get to his car, mandatory $45 basic cable and so on.  Oh yeah, and when he moved in his apartment had ants, something that should have been inspected and cleared before he moved in.This place gets two stars because of location and a very nice clubhouse with an adequate gym.  But the service is HORRIBLE!
2	Do you love flying U.S. Airways and paying $2 for water, $15 for a checked bag and $1,000 to take a bathroom break? Well, then you'll love Camden Copper Square apartments! In terms of ridiculous charges, they are the "US Airways" of apartments.Operated by the Wal-Mart of multi-family housing in America (Camden), the prosaic garden apartments near the Phoenix Children's Museum offer you the privilege of paying a broad array of fees. How about $30/month (plus $10/month for the trash dumpster) to have your trash picked up S-R nights outside your door? I guess they're going for true "NY chic" by allowing you to pay for the privilege of piling trash outside of your door in a wooden box. Don't worry! There's more. $40/month for "included" cable sound "entertaining"? Or expensive water fees that are charged based on square footage instead of how much water you use? I save the best for last, however. Enjoy paying $30/month for so-called "association fees." This means the Camden corporation passes its property tax assessment for getting advertising in the city's downtown partnership "Copper Square" maps and pamphlets on to its residents. Stressed out about having to choose between "valet trash" or being a member of the "association"? Don't worry! You are required to pay both fees!While the office staff is generally friendly (some members are really exceptional) and maintenance service is adequate, the fees charged by this complex are entirely out of line when added to the complex's higher-than-average base rents. Attempts to reason with the regional staff about the fees are met by: "this is a corporate-level/national policy."The pool areas and club house are nice, but why pay so much for what you can get in any complex or condo community in Phoenix? The reason I still live here is because I'm leaving the area in May and wanted to spend the summer traveling and not moving boxes in the PHX oven. Those seeking a long-term home in downtown with more freedom of action than myself should pass over this fee-crazy complex for lower-priced condos or historic home rentals with more charm and nicer interior finishes. I'm just waiting for an announcement for a "Camden Copper Square" credit card to come out of my bedroom's fire alarm speaker and wake me up--yes, that would truly make this community rival this town's hometown airline for ridiculousness.
5	My fiance and I moved to Phoenix in August 2008 and did an exhaustive search of every apartment within a mile or so of downtown. In the end, Camden was the clear winner. So far we love living here! The location is great (walk anywhere downtown) and we take advantage of the pool and the fitness room constantly! The facilities are really well-maintained. It  feels like a hotel! The maintenance service is excellent and the staff is very friendly. Since we've been here they've held at least four events for residents with free food, etc. Really fun! As for the apartments themselves, it depends which size you get (1 bedroom all the way up to 2 bedroom townhouses) but we are really satisfied with the layout, spaciousness, quality, etc. of our place. This is the first place we've lived in where they charge separately for everything (water, trash, taxes, etc.). Not sure why they do it that way...maybe so you can see where your money is going? You just need to make sure that you factor the added expenses into your rent bill before you sign the lease. When we added it all up though and compared it against rent at other places, the price was very competitive for what you get. Again, it could depend on what size apt. you get. Just do your homework. No rental option is going to be perfect, but Camden is a great choice!
1	Charged well over 280 dollars for "paint" at the end of my residency. When charge was contested, a refund was provided--to the credit of the management.Also, Valet Trash continued to tick me off until the end of my residency, especially when a friend showed me the following he had googled from the Valet Trash Web site: "Camden's trash-to-cash successCamden is more than happy for the opportunityto offer its residents the service in anever-expanding number of markets and, overthe past year, has seen the program produceancillary income far beyond what the apartmentREIT expected in September 2007. AValet Waste customer for the past 10 years,beginning with its Florida portfolio, by fall oflast year the program was serving 26,500 residentsat 69 Camden properties. The companysaw net income/profit of $40,000 from thetrash pick-up amenity in August 2007, whenCamden execs expected Valet Waste wouldbegin picking up the trash five nights a weekat an additional 6,089 units in another 20communities by Q4 2007 and that the programwould contribute $2 million annuallyin net profits by 2009.A year later, in September 2008, Camdenreported a $740,000 profit from the trashpick-up program for the second quarter,which averages out to nearly $247,000 amonth, with more than 35,000 units at 95of the REIT's 182 communities participatingand expectations for annual net profit ofbetween $4 million and $5 million by 2009,more than twice that expected a year earlierfor the same target."
2	I moved into Camden in September 2009. At first I thought the place was alright. It was really quiet and I was able to lock in a pretty cheap rate. Things began to change in March of 2010. I am not sure what happened, but the place has become significantly louder: car alarms go off at all hours; dogs are constantly barking; and residents speed around the complex with their radios blaring.The management has also become less responsive. At first, they would take care of anything right away, but now they don't seem to have any interest in upholding the "excellence" they advertise. At least half of the gates in the complex have broken locks, and they are perfectly fine with a couple of rednecks playing beer pong in the pool (not near the pool; inside the pool).I would suggest living elsewhere. You can occasionally find good deals on their website, but most other places around downtown are as cheap or cheaper than Camden's regular prices. I am planning on writing a letter to Camden corporate and requesting an early release from my lease.
4	I have lived here for the past year and a half and have enjoyed it thoroughly.  Rent is pretty inexpensive though you need to come when less people are moving in because of the way they calculate rent.  It has to do with occupancy and the same apartment leased in one month can cost a bit more or a bit less leased in a different month.  The office staff is very friendly though I miss Anita who was with Camden for the first year I lived here.  She would go out of her way to help you with anything or just to say hi.  Two pools which are kept clean.  Parking is always available and you are in walking distance to the light rail and pretty much everything downtown.  My only complaint would be the parking garage itself.  It is a disaster waiting to happen.  Except it did happen to my car.  Too many poles and too narrow of ramps from one level to the next.
2	I currently live here and have only lived here for about 2 months.  So far, I have been underwhelmed.  Having lived in NYC and Philly for the past 5 years, it is definitely nice to have a washer and dryer and dishwasher in my unit.  The apartment, extrinsically, is pretty nice, although you can tell they were trying to build as cheaply as possible.The nickle-and-diming is a bit annoying though.  They quoted me $672 per month for rent.  What I pay each month is just over $800.  This includes $32 per month for "Valet Trash Service" and $25 per month for the "Association Fee," as if you weren't paying for the amenities in the price of your rent.I work downtown and it is a reasonable walk home (10-15 minutes), so I would have lived here even if they actually told me the cost up front (especially since it is the only place that would let me bring my 3-legged pit bull- Note- you have to bring your dog for a "pet interview" before you can move in).  However, it would be nice to be told the actual cost of living here up front.All-in-all, this place is serviceable, but nothing spectacular.
1	Do you love flying U.S. Airways and paying $2 for water, $15 for a checked bag and $1,000 to take a bathroom break? Well, then you'll love Camden Copper Square apartments! In terms of ridiculous charges, they are the "US Airways" of apartments.Operated by the Wal-Mart of multi-family housing in America (Camden), the prosaic garden apartments near the Phoenix Children's Museum offer you the privilege of paying a broad array of fees. How about $30/month (plus $10/month for the trash dumpster) to have your trash picked up S-R nights outside your door? I guess they're going for true "NY chic" by allowing you to pay for the privilege of piling trash outside of your door in a wooden box. Don't worry! There's more. $40/month for "included" cable sound "entertaining"? Or expensive water fees that are charged based on square footage instead of how much water you use? I save the best for last, however. Enjoy paying $30/month for so-called "association fees." This means the Camden corporation passes its property tax assessment for getting advertising in the city's downtown partnership "Copper Square" maps and pamphlets on to its residents. Stressed out about having to choose between "valet trash" or being a member of the "association"? Don't worry! You are required to pay both fees!While the office staff is generally friendly (some members are really exceptional) and maintenance service is adequate, the fees charged by this complex are entirely out of line when added to the complex's higher-than-average base rents. Attempts to reason with the regional staff about the fees are met by: "this is a corporate-level/national policy."The pool areas and club house are nice, but why pay so much for what you can get in any complex or condo community in Phoenix? The reason I still live here is because I'm leaving the area in May and wanted to spend the summer traveling and not moving boxes in the PHX oven. Those seeking a long-term home in downtown with more freedom of action than myself should pass over this fee-crazy complex for lower-priced condos or historic home rentals with more charm and nicer interior finishes. I'm just waiting for an announcement for a "Camden Copper Square" credit card to come out of my bedroom's fire alarm speaker and wake me up--yes, that would truly make this community rival this town's hometown airline for ridiculousness.Finally, when I left Camden Copper Square, they tried to charge my roommate and I SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLARS for paint -- when I complained and threatened to go to the BBB and small claims court, I was told it was "all just a mistake." It was so bizarre considering that there was just minor wear and tear on the walls. So, be warned -- if you live here, be prepared to aggressively defend your bank account upon moving out -- or Camden will aggressively try to attack you to bolster its mega-sized profits.
5	My husband and I have been living here for nearly three years now and we love it! I can honestly say that I've never had a bad experience here. The maintenance staff is super-quick at responding, the grounds are beautiful, the amenities are really great and the office staff is very friendly. Is everything always absolutely perfect? No, because no apt. complex is perfect. Some people will always find things to complain about but, in my opinion, it's a really great place to live.
4	After living at Camden for almost 5 years, we finally moved out because of the price hike. Basically, Camden Copper Square provides the best bang for the buck, if you want to live near downtown Phoenix, like, in walking/biking distance. Of course, the price is tricky, because when you count the price, besides the standard price, there are valet waste, cable, and copper square charge.  The new renters might be hit with surprise like hidden cost.  I didn't, probably because I saw they start to charging these things, one by one.  So to me, they are not hidden cost, it's just the way they want to raise some rent, first the copper square fee (2007?), then came valet waste (2008?), and then cable (2009?).  I only start paying them when I renewed the lease. The apartment complex size is moderate, about 350 units.  You got to pick the right unit.  The ones on van Buren street will be noisy, and only good if you have strong nerve, or really cheap rates. For the units facing the pool you have pool rate.  For the ones facing the west, that's the city view price.  Also you don't want the ones next to the dumpster.  There are the ones really need a long walk to the parking lot... So the best way to find the apartment is to have a visit, take a layout map, and then go home, check the price on-line, and check out the unit on the map.  Once you figure out the right unit with right price for the date you preferred, just give the leasing office a call, make the reservation. But you have to be quick, because the price is changing every day, the so called market pricing.  If 7 units of model H are available today, the price could be 900, and if 2 are leased today, tomorrow the price could go up to 950.  It's annoying, I know, and it's determined by the computer system at Houston, so leasing agent can do nothing but smiling at you.  Even worse, you never know when your lease ends, how much is the price for the renewal (it's market dependent).  Some of my friends move to another unit every time her lease is up, or nearly up.  Just keep looking.  If you feel no problem with it, then you might end with very good unit.  I'm lazy, so we only moved once. However, my rent is still acceptable.  I found that the best time to renewal seems to be close to the end of the year.  Other better timing seems to be around April, right before the end of spring semester (my two friends have dirty cheap rents).  So if you are flexible, you can have your lease end at the "right" time.  But to tell the truth, I never figure out. The overall experience at Camden is still good.  To me, the maintenance is the most important aspect, and the maintenance team at Camden is fast and responsive.  The emergency, it normally can be fixed at the same day.  We had an AC break-down which took 3 days, and we were given a guest furnished unit for stay.  The parking is also very good.  Just make sure your unit is not with many other units that share the same small entrance at one corner of the garage, the parking could be troublesome for that case.  The gym is good for regular normal work-out, and unless you are there at the peak hour like 5:30pm, normally it's ok. The cleaning guys are there at Wednesday morning, so avoid that time also. Safety-wise, I feel pretty good.  Yes, I did saw 4 cars that had been broken into during my 5 years stay, 3 in the first year, and 1 in the following year.  All cars are old cars with no alarm, two next to my car.  Then I started to see security guys and Copper Square ambassadors regularly.  In general, the experience is very good. However, I don't know whether the price will worth that in the future, because we were priced out. Yes, they just priced us and many others out because they want to remodel the unit, with new wood-like floor, new appliance, and cabinet.  I guess the price won't remain the same after the remodeling. So good luck for the future renters. My suggestion is, if you find cheap unit at right location, and if you don't might moving after your lease is up or paying possibly much higher rent, then go ahead.
1	do not move here!raised my rent over $200 after being there just one year! and the kicker is to get the lowerst possible rate, or in this case $200 more per month i had to agree to a 15 month lease at my renewal.....i am moving out do not move here....they say rent is $xxx, but then all the stupid stuff you cannot remove adds up.....-valet trash pickup  -cable tv (dont watch tv)-association fees-taxes on valet trash pick up-taxes on cable-taxes on association feesworse part...if you want to pay online you cannot until the first of the month and if you forget one day late huge late fees...i like to pay in advance so i "guess" each month what it will cost......horroble service...you can never get a hold of a person....horrible cell signal.....horrible area of phoenix one block east....a ton of homeless people live in park directly across the street......drug dealers and prostitues conveniently located, however!
1	I currently live here and I find it the worst place ever....wish I could get out of lease without so many fees. I have had numerous problems living in these apartments I should have never moved here. I have had my car vandalized I've had the maintenance department steal my ipod when I was gone and the office staff said their was insufficient evidence when two men employed by camden for maintenance entered my apartment to fix my freezer and then my ipod touch was no longer in my apartment. ummm, come on how much more evidence do you need? I am so fed up with this place can't wait to get outta here they say its safe....but they have had theft/break-ins so beware when looking at this location they will not tell you these things up front. Shannon and Kirsten will try to sell you on the property but care nothing about your real safety, well-being or your belongings. Think twice before deciding to live at this property!
4	We love living here. Compared with other places, it's a good value for the cost. Wireless internet throughout the public areas, close to downtown, beautiful pool and entrance.  The staff have been responsive, repairing both emergent and nonemergent requests quickly. There's frequent restaurant meals, happy hours, holiday parties, and other promotions at little to no cost. We often use the pool, business center, front sitting area, and common living area. We have a huge home at our disposal for the price of rent. We would be spending many times the cost for all of this if we owned our own home with similar amenities and maintenance.
5	My wife and I have lived here over a year now and I have had a fantastic year here. We plan on staying past our 15 month lease date for sure. The staff is friendly, hard working and responsive to every need we have had. Maintenance crew is awesome! If I were to buy a house with all the amenities we have here I could never afford it. Let me list a few ... 2 pools, a hot tub, 2 outdoor gas grills, a workout room, a pool table game room, a clubhouse room with bar area and big screen TV, covered parking for me and any guests I might entertain, valet garbage and recycling pickup at my doorstep, a front great room with a nice fireplace, outdoor fountains and beautiful landscaping and a locked gated entrance. Oh yes and also a full time staff to keep up the property both inside and out. No need to worry about replacing a roof or even appliances in the future when they wear out. Oh and lets throw in a fresh coat of paint for the entire exterior just for fun eh? :) Yes I have owned several properties in my day and still do own a condo in Ohio so I know and appreciate all that goes into home ownership and I have no desire to return to it anytime soon. Thanks again to all who make Camden Copper Square a great place to live. P.S.I have used the free wifi often and love the cable provided too. No worries listing and selling on Craigslist when you can meet any perspective buyers in the front great room and they don't have to come into your apartment. Yes indeed it is very well worth the price of monthly rent. Not to mention the close proximity to everything from art and science centers to pro ball teams and great restaurants ... I guess I could go on and on eh? ;)
1	while it's a nice location and pretty nice, but small, apartments i found out that they are very shady.  i went in to look at an apartment and liked it a lot.  started the application process which has an application and administrative fee attached.  you get nothing in writing about this however.  i ended up contacting them the next day to cancel, less than 24 hours later, and was told that i wouldn't be getting the admin fee refunded.  this wouldn't be so bad if it weren't over $300!!!!  this is absolutely ridiculous, if it were in writing somewhere i would understand more but the paperwork i received said i had 48 hours to cancel.they've not been helpful at all just keep repeating back to me that we'd discussed it.  i suggest that unless you're VERY serious about moving there, like, no other options or anything else, STAY AWAY or you will be out a lot of hard-earned money.
5	I lived here for about 1 year back in 2009.  I loved it!  Great location, the 1 bed/1bath was perfect for my first place by myself. I liked the wood style floor in the kitchen and big bathroom with full sized washer and dryer in it.   I used the workout room every day.  Never got a chance to use the pool, but it looked nice enough.  Maintenance was responsive and fixed my garbage disposal the same day I called.  Loved having a parking garage and the trash boxes are right outside your door and emptied daily so you don't have to lug your trash to a far away dumpster!!  Staff was friendly.  Felt very safe in a gated community.
1	After reading your reviews I'm glad I don't live there.  Just to note: False advertising... there are no apartments at $677.  And what is up with the mooch fees.  Geez
1	This place is horrible. We have lived here since 2007, and at first we thought it was OK. Then they started charging us for everything under the sun. There's a fee to have our trash picked up (which we never use because our apartment is right next to a dumpster so we just walk our trash bags to the dumpster), there's a fee for cable (which we also don't use...we spend most of our time studying). There is also an HOA fee (which is odd since that's supposed to apply to property you own, not rent). And, of course, none of the fees are optional. They are absolutely mandatory, regardless of whether you use the service or not. And they don't ever mention these fees until right before you sign the lease. So whatever they quote you for rent, don't take their word. They will bait and switch you, and you can count on the rent being at least $200-300 more than what they tell you initially. They also forced (and I do mean forced...this was another of their wonderful non-negotiable situation) us out of our apartment for 15 days so they could remodel it. We had to move all of our stuff to the garage, and since we don't have family or friends here we had to get a hotel room for 15 days. Not exactly cheap. And the best part of the whole thing was that they still charged us rent for the full month, even though we didn't have any access to our apartment whatsoever for half of that month. And on top of everything else, the management is getting worse and won't respond to complaints. I have gone into the office to pick up packages recently, and it's almost like they're playing a game to see how long you'll wait for one of them to help you before you get pissed. Please, whatever you do, don't rent here. We plan on complaining to the BBB as soon as we find somewhere else to go, because this place is terrible. And if you think the rent seems like a good deal, it's not! They're just going to bait and switch. Avoid this place!
5	I have lived at Camden Copper Square for 1.5 years and this is the best community in which I have lived by far. The leasing staff are extremely friendly and always super helpful. They greet you with a smile, know your name, and love to show off the resident pets! They plan fun, creative happy hour events each month. The grounds are well maintained and the community is constantly improving. The new gym is spacious with more equipment. This is a dog friendly community that recently added a well-maintained dog park for residents-what else could any pet owner ask for? In addition, any maintenance requests submitted by us are attended to promptly, and with professionalism. I highly recommend living at Camden Copper Square!
5	I have lived in Camden Copper Square for over a year now and after living in an Alliance property for 3, this is a world of difference. I work long hours, so being able to work out in a remodeled gym in the building a big plus! They also just re-surfaced the pool area and put in all new high end patio furniture, which is a great addition. The management office has even brought out popsicles on hot days, never seen that done but awesome! The community is dog friendly as well and even put in their own dog park. Overall, the units are nice, management is professional and they take care of the property. I recommend living at Camden Copper Square.
1	Property management rip-offs in Arizona affect both tenants and individual owners of single family homes or small apartment buildings.  It is an Arizona RULE that everything MUST BE IN WRITING, even a receipt and the terms of an application deposit.  $300 application deposits are insane.  If it is called an "application fee", try to negotiate part of it applying to the first month's rent or security deposit.  It does not cost the company any more than $50 to run a credit/renter history check. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH ANY COMPANY THAT DOES NOT PUT EVERYTHING IN WRITING UP FRONT.  ASK FOR A COPY OF THE LEASE BEFORE YOU MAKE A DECISION TO RENT.  READ IT CAREFULLY AND KEEP MOVING IF CRAZY ADD-ONS OF THE RENT ARE SPRUNG ON YOU AND HAVE NOT BEEN DISCLOSED UP FRONT.If you don't get everything in writing or there is a bait and switch and you have already signed the lease, make a complaint with the Arizona Department of Real Estate.  It is very consumer oriented.  http://www.re.state.az.us/ The rule for people in real estate:  disclose, disclose, disclose.  This applies to corporate run property management departments and to "hired" property management companies.
5	I've been a happy resident for nearly 3 years and it's been an overall great experience. The leasing office has seen many staffing changes, but they have always been very friendly and even remember my name and apartment number. They're receptive to any concerns and are eager to help in any way they can. I've lived in 3 different apartments within the community and the office staff have provided smooth transitions between roommate changes and unit transfers.The community's location is perfect for those who work or go to school in the downtown area. The complex itself is beautiful and the newly-remodeled fitness center is probably the best I have seen in any apartment complex. The two pools are gorgeous and resemble those from upscale resort hotels. The apartments themselves have been recently upgraded and are very well designed and spacious. It's great to see Camden continually improve the community with additions such as a dog park and new pool deck furniture. Maintenance staff are also friendly and very responsive.Other reviewers seem to have issues with the monthly fees on top of your rent, as if these fees come as some sort of a surprise. All fees are clearly outlined before and during your lease signing appointment, so maybe they just weren't paying attention. Rent has certainly increased over the years, but for the most part, Camden's rates are competitive with the local market.My only gripes are as follows: the parking garages are extremely tight and poorly lit. You really have to be careful when turning corners and pulling into parking spots. Dumpsters in the garages fill up very quickly and start to smell in the summer heat. As it is, parking is basically a free-for-all among residents with no assigned parking spaces. A new parking program is supposed to be implemented later this year, so hopefully that will alleviate some of the problems.Also, the locks and gates around the community always seem to be broken or vandalized. They seem to serve as more of a visual deterrent rather than actual barriers to entry. A non-resident could easily enter through a gate with little-to-no effort. I've seen gates left ajar and locks completely broken. The vehicle entry/exit gates seem to break down several times per year. I've never felt unsafe while living here, but there have been reports of bicycle thefts and vehicle break-ins. As such, the community's gate/lock/key system could definitely use an overhaul.But overall, I've always been very pleased with Camden Copper Square and plan to continue my residency for as long as I live in downtown Phoenix.
4	With few affordable locations o live downtown, Camden gives you all you could ask for. I've talked to a few people that would encourage you to look elsewhere, but I'm sold. The pool, the numerous spots within walking distance, and newly renovated workout facility are among tops on my priority list of living.I've heard that the rent gets raised by leaps and bounds upon renewing the lease, but we have yet to do that. Maybe my opinion of this sweet spot will change then.
1	lies lies lies ... for students and people with animals - perfect !!! but for families with children ... NO !!!thanks Ivan
