4	This was also my first Chick-Fil-A experience. Delicious! Chicken sandwich was great. Went with the fruit cup instead of fries (though the waffle fries looked awesome, if I ate another french fry that week my heart would have hit its ejection seat button) which I pleasantly surprised me. First fruit cup in a while that didn't use any honeydew/cantaloupe as filler. And the sweet tea was the sweetest I had during my trip to Charlotte.C-F-A, come to Chicago anytime.Anytime.
4	This was my first Chick-Fil-A after hearing so many good things about it. The nearest one back in California is 30 miles away. While I was in Charlotte, I knew I had to try it before I left. The one I went to was inside a corporate building. The speed at which the workforce moved was so fast, reminded me of an auto manufacturer.I ended up getting:- The Ultimate Sandwich- Chicken Nuggets- Waffle FriesIt was ready in about 1 min. This place probably has the best fast food chicken sandwiches, but I'm not too big of a fan of their chicken nuggets. I still prefer McDonald's with the golden crispy outside. However, their waffle fries def are one of the better fries I've had compared to other fast food places. This place was super cheap and super fast. Great if you're in a hurry or want a quick snack.I got to add that the customer service was fantastic. There was someone walking around who personally asked me if I would like a refill on my drink or if she can get me anything. Where can you find that at a fast food joint?I hope someone opens one up near San Francisco. I would definitely be a regular customer there.
4	When traveling on business, there's very little time in between meetings to get a descent bite to eat unless you're with clients. Charlotte, NC is know for their gerbil tunnels between office complexes. To save time,  each office complex houses the usual fast food chains.I was told Chick-fil-A was one of the best fast food chains in the southeast.  Being from Nor Cal, my business trip to Charlotte gave me an opportunity to try this out.  I was not disappointed. Connoisseur of this fast food joint told me to order the Chicken sandwich with extra pickles, waffle fries and an Icedream. Great suggestion. I wish there was one closer to home.
5	This is by far my most favorite Chick Fil A to go to.Maybe because it's right across the street from work or maybe because the staff is so friendly (seriously, how can you not smile when someone says "My pleasure" in a sincere way?) There's always a line however it moves fast even with the lunch time rush. They take expired coupons so if you have one from a couple years ago, take it in and they will honor it! Around Christmas time, if you buy a $20 or $25 gift card, you get a free Chick Fil A calendar for the next year with coupons for each month. It's becoming a running joke in my family that I always ask for this for Christmas because it's such a great deal. They sometimes hand out samples of their milkshakes while you wait in line which is a nice gesture while you wait. Everything at Chick Fil A is bomb from their waffles fries to spicy chicken sandwich and they offer healthier alternatives such as their salads, wraps, fruit cups, etc. Be sure to check your receipt when you go because it may have a survey that you can do online in a minute or two and you get free code for one of their sandwiches or a drink. Eat mor chikin!!
4	I was down in Charlotte on business for five days and I ate here four of those days for lunch.  NEED I SAY MORE?
5	They need to serve breakfast until 11.... Or all day. Either one is good with me.
4	I honestly think that three stars for a fast food restaurant is a good thing.  I mean, they all have the defined way of doing things within the corporate structure, right?  So that means it is all about execution.The uptown Chik-Fil-A (I think I occassionally have a tinge of dyslexia, beceause I originally thought it was Chik-A-Fil and I just did NOT understand why anyone would call a restaurant that), is one of the best run ones that I have come across.Its sort of personal (and MAYBE a tinge creepy?) when they ask for your name to match with your order.  Bonus creepy points for when they just ready it off your debit card and say, "here is your sandwich, Jared."  Whoa.  Fast food from a telepath... trippy.I do not understand the pickle on a chicken sandwich.  But their chicken filet is ten times better than anything else that you will get in under two minutes in a paper bag.  I usually opt for the wheat bun without the pickle or just nugget-like meals.  Both are satisfiying with the waffle fries.I DID recently try the chicken salad sandwich that they have on their meal menu.  Gotta say that I am NOT a fan.  When you take a bite of a chicken salad sandwich, your first thoughts should not be "hot dog?"That is not, "HOT DOG, that is a good chicken salad sandwich!"  That is, "why in the hell does this chicken salad taste like diced hot dogs?!"But on the whole, I am a fan of the Chik-A-Fil.  And with this location and my use of it for work lunches, I do not have to worry about the fact that it will not be open on Sundays when my hangover craving settles in...
4	This place is rockin'. Serving food fast, hot and with a smile. And it is good. Hard to give 4 to fast food, but this place deserves it.
5	Sweet tea and spicy chicken sandwich was yummy! Spicy chicken was actually spicy which was nice. Also criscut fries were seasoned appropriately.
5	If McDonalds is the Toyota Corolla of the fast food world, Chick-fil-A is the Rolls Royce or Range Rover.  Yes, you will pay a little bit more than the dollar menu options at McDonalds or Taco Bell, but the quality is also light years ahead.  Chick-fil-A has pioneered the chicken sandwich, and they do it better than anyone else in town... yes, even better than Bojangles.  And the Plaza location has their act together; every day, they get slammed with a hungry lunchtime crowd of bankers, Duke Energy-ers, etc, and they consistently manage to fill orders correctly, quickly, and tastily.  Their hours are a bit shortened compared to other locations, as they close at 4pm, but stop by for breakfast or lunch (or an afternoon ice dream or milkshake snack!), and you won't be disappointed.
4	I normally don't review fast food, just because they're pretty much all the same.  Everyone knows how great the food is at Chic-Fil-A but what you may not know is how great goodies are.......especially the the best milkshakes around, my favorite being the banana pudding.......now never mind the 700 calories it carries that's not important:-).....everything in moderation.  Let's not even talk about the chocolate chip cookies they now serve......this cookie rivals nestle toll house....seriously!  Served slightly warm and packing 300 plus calories...again everything in moderation.  Just thought I'd give you the 411 on some of the best goodies in uptown if you were not aware:-)
4	Great lunch spot. To repeat other reviews, the service is fast; probably the quickest I have ever experienced. As with most other locations I have visited, the staff is genuine and friendly.
5	I love, love this location. They understand the meaning of being Uptown and the foot traffic that comes with that.During lunch hours, they always have a minimum of 5 order takers posted, noticing. And before you're almost finished paying for your order, your food is ready. It's great. Everyone is pretty familiar with Chick Fil A food, so I won't comment on that other than "Delicious, as usual."
4	Food is standard fast food, but... They have very impressive operations to handle the heavy foot traffics during lunch hours. DMV needs to take note here. Also the workers there are surprisingly friendly.
5	Great location great quality food that is always hot and fresh.. Generally this chain is the cleanest most sanitary you can go to soQuality is never a question here... Plus the forces always stop and eat here which i guess is another good indication
4	We came from the Pacific NW and wanted to find out what all the fuss was about. At first bite the chicken is crunchy with a saltiness that is some how familiar. The pickles where crisp but slick enough to help the meat slide down my throat. I was disappointed in the lack of special sauce to wash it all down with.  All and all it was a fabulous oral experience, all though the decor inside the place was a bit drab and in serious need of a good interior decorator.
5	So, I am not a huge fast food person, however, I grew up with Chic-fil-A and when I have that fast food craving, this is my spot. So, after a few visits, this location is spot on.  Although it is located in Uptown Charlotte and busy ALL the time, they run things so smoothly.  Recently I arrived around 12:30 and the line was long and I almost walked somewhere else, but had a Chic-fil-A craving!!! Literally I was in the line for less than 5 minutes. They have more than 5 people taking orders with mre than 2-3 runners delivering orders smoothly.I ordered the 8 piece nugget meal, but really wanted more. Unfortunately my order was already in but they offered I order a separate order for 4 nuggets, not something I thought you could do. I received my drink and stepped to the side to get my ketchup and napkins and my name was called, quick service!As for the food, everything is fresh and delicious. As I mentioned I ordered the nuggets, so good, but the classic chicken sandwich is another great alternative.  I also love the Chic-fil-A sauce and always ask for extra pickles.A definite treat and never disappoints!
5	Five stars for being the fastest fast food place I have ever been to.  I get my food within 30 seconds of paying every time.  Food wise its a chick fil a, so not great.  Bit if I need a fast unhealthy lunch its great to have a place I can get in and out of in 2 minutes with my food.
5	Best fast food in the biz imo.  Uptown location's service is impressive.  Hit lunch rush @ 12:30...line was easily 25+ deep.  In & out in 5 minutes.  Nailed my order (special requests to boot).  A++++++++
4	As far as fast food places goes, this place is FAST. They do breakfast and lunch really well and know that there target market is working in one of the many buildings around and wants a quick grab and go lunch.I walked down here today to grab a salad and I think I was in and out in like 3 minutes! The only downside to this location is they don't carry the Asian Salad. I know, I know, getting a salad at a fast food place is like denying my inner fatty but this salad is absolutely amazing and has fried chicken on top! No clue why this place doesnt serve it and the SessemeDresing to go with it :(
