3	I hated this store just by the name alone.I mean, who wants to be forever 21???OK, dumb question, judging from the scads of money we spend in this country on Botox and self-help books.Anyway, I suppose this could be a good place to take your teen for the latest trendy fashions and accessories. The store is organized by color, which is nice. And, it does get a fair amount of good buzz in fashion mags and what-not. But, the sizes were really wacked out. In one shirt, my daughter wore a XS, and in another, a Large. ? And, the sales lady was rather rude. Guess I just wasn't trendy enough.
5	This location recently got a much-needed makeover. I had worked at this location years ago when it was in the small cramped space across from Victoria's Secret. The store is very large now and even has an outside entrance. The clothes are always up-to-date on fashions and very reasonably priced. Everyone I know loves this store! Their accessories are awesome too, from the heels to the hats to the inexpensive jewelry. If you haven't been in, you should definitely give it a try. However, if you're going on the weekend, expect a line for the fitting rooms and the cash registers.
3	This has to be the largest Forever 21 I have ever been to! Normally I find that Forever 21's website has a better selection than the stores, but since this store is ginormous, it has seriously ever single thing that the website does...plus more it feels like! It's neatly arranged with more of the party type clothes (tops, dresses, etc) up front and the more casual items toward the back. As a bonus, there is a men's section toward the back in a corner room. I definitely recommend trying stuff on at Forever 21...it's definitely helpful because some stuff that looks "long" on the hanger ends up being hoochie mama short once on! I do not recommend going into this store if you are short on time...it takes awhile to go through all the clothes; plus depending on when you go, the line for the dressing room can be long (note: they only allow you to try on 6 items at a time), and checkout can take time. So if you only have 15-20 minutes, keep on walking. However, the time in the store can be worth it because after spending 45 minutes (at least) in this store, I walked away with a NYE dress for $15!
4	I recently found this store by accident......I had seen it online but I don't like buying clothes online for many reasons. This store is fantastic because it is very affordable and has soooo many accessories to match just about any outfit you buy there. They have many beautiful blouses, shorts and other great summer clothes for this extreme heat right now. The costume jewelry is fun too...may not be high quality but with the way I like to change my wadrobe and accessories I don't want to spend a fortune anyway! There are some things like jeans that I don't believe you can skimp on and buy inexpensively but all else is fine!
2	Only one word seems appropriate to describe this store: nightmare.Yes, it is a complete shopping nightmare.I don't even know where to begin. This store in particular (at Chandler Fashion Center) is HUGE. Beyond enormous. It's so big, it has its own entrance/exit leading outside the mall. It's like four or five of the smaller clothing stores you'll find inside the mall put together. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if this store had ANY form of organization, but it doesn't. Everything is set up in a completely random, nonsensical order, which makes trying to find anything specific a dizzying and frustrating experience. There are various "rooms" throughout the store that all have their own set of shirts, dresses, pants, bottoms, purses, etc. The only items that are grouped together are jewelry and handbags, but even those can be found littered throughout the store. The store associates don't even know where to locate something, so don't bother asking unless you're feeling brave.To further prove my point, I went into the store to exchange an item I had bought online that was too large. I was pointed to one room, where the cashier guessed the item might be. When I asked the salesperson if there were any other colors available for this item, she told me to go check another room... on the opposite side of the store. WTF?! Why are two items of the same style in different rooms? I think they just like to mess with their customers' heads.So shopping here is nearly impossible and kind of exhausting. You basically have to browse the entire store to find things you like that might fit you. Everything runs small, like they're meant for small-framed girls. This is also why you will see plenty of 8-year-olds running around with gaudy fashion jewelry and handbags, swiping their parents' credit cards as they ring up the latest of F21's thousands of items.That's another problem here - the store's inventory is changing CONSTANTLY. Sure, there's a great selection, but if you buy something that doesn't fit and come back a few weeks later, you might not be able to exchange it anymore because it's no longer there.On the plus side, the clothes are cute (albeit cheaply made) and extremely affordable. But going into the store to shop isn't worth the experience. I've decided to stick to online shopping when it comes to this one. You will save yourself hours of frustration by doing the same.
3	Great selection and they change up the displays often. I really love the basics- tanks, tees and long sleeved shirts. Some of the accessories are awesome too. Great prices too when compared to several other places at the mall, but everything beyond the basics seems to be designed for one specific body type.Most of the staff are very friendly and helpful, but a few seem in there own little world. The risk you run by hiring nothing but kids who look like they're no older than 20. Even I at 24, felt old shopping there.
2	Great location, terrible customer service. I know Forever21 isn't really known much for their customer service, but the associate I asked for very minimal help (to help me find two pairs of shorts I was trying to exchange) was incredibly rude about it. I had asked another associate (at the register) if I could get some help finding them. She asked an associate who had walked up to the register. She rolled her eyes and walked over to me. When I asked her where the shorts was, she told me they were "uh, right there" on a rack next to me .... where they weren't. While I asked her about another pair, she looked incredibly impatient and annoyed that I had asked her another question. I have been working in customer service (both fashion and other types of retail) for six years. Again, I know customer service isn't #1 in Forever21's list of importance in their stores, but I don't think it's necessary to be impatient and rude when a customer asks for two quick questions. I have had great experiences with customer service at the Scottsdale Fashion Square location, as well as a better selection (even though it's a smaller store). The associates there are always helpful and friendly.
5	A place that you can buy any kind of clothes from teenagers and even for adults with affordable prices!
4	Love this store! Its huge! Its has a wide varity of everything! Although the staff is sometimes hard to get a hold of the store its self is one of my favs!
1	I know this store's HORRIBLE in terms of clothing - Can you say shoddily made, thin materials, lack of consistency in sizing? But do you have to be equally horrible in your customer service practices?That in mind, I only really come into this store when I need an accessory and don't feel like paying a lot for it.Back in August after my partial thyroidectomy + mass removal - AND while waiting for the final pathology report to come back,  I needed a light scarf that was plain black I could use to cover my bloody neck incision while the swelling dies down. There's nothing like some guy gawking and screaming, "AHH LOOK, A ZOMBIE!" at you when you're shopping at Frys to make you feel self-conscious.So I ventured into this Forever 21, and couldn't find one. I approached a teenage looking CSR. "Excuse me, do you know if you have any other - *gets cut off*" "*eye rolling* I'M SORRY BUT I'M OFF THE CLOCK, I NEED TO PUNCH OUT LYK OMG YOU BITCH HOW DARE YOU *walks away*!" Infuriated, I got in the 5-mile-line that was the back to school rush. I asked to speak to the manager. Wish I remembered her name, because she was just as useless as the CSR. Was either too busy farting around with a friend or another customer to truly listen to what I had to say. Granted, I was a little out of control. But still unacceptable. 1. "I'm really sorry, I'll have _______ help you out!" - Nope, that's OK. 2. "I don't think she's here today."- I WAS TALKING ABOUT LITERALLY SECONDS AGO, M'AM!  I think Forever 21 as a whole, not just this store, missed this fundamental lesson:Rule #1 of Customer Service: There is no cure for a poor experience. Rule #2 of Customer Service: There is no cure for sucking. Rule #3: You MUST provide a GREAT Customer Service Experience . . . or someone ELSE will! Needless to say, I will NOT be back. Ever. Obviously, there are places with higher quality clothes, and their customer service is / can be superior. Just. Don't. Go. Here.
2	Good and bad. My favorite Forever 21 for shopping and accessories but the employees at this one suck. It's impossible to find someone to help you because they're all walking around with their nose in the air. Trying on is always a nightmare with a huge line. They won't let you bring and friend back to wait so you can show them your try ons and help choose. Oh, and its hard to forget that the fitting room walls are covered in boogers and smeared makeup. Needs friendlier staff and a good cleaning.
4	This 21 store is very nice; plenty of selections and people are nice. Chandler mall is one of my fav mall in Phoenix area so I am kind of bias when it comes to the stores in the mall.
2	Affordable clothes that last 2-3 washings, over packed, limited size racks. You might find one size large in a sea of small and XS. You might be a small in one shirt and a large in another. Do not ever buy a pair of the pants without trying them first, if you can brave the dirty, unkempt fitting rooms. If you do attempt buying anything without trying it on, good luck with the return policy. I visited this location today on a search for some inexpensive layering tee's. I asked one associate whom was gossiping to her friend about another employee where I could locate a different size. She informed me that she could not leave "her area" and that she didn't know what sizes are left and that I should go ask the girl in the front of the store. I proceeded to the front of the store to find the tee's I was looking for strewn across a table that looked like it had been hit by a tornado. I am not expecting to get Barney's level service in a Forever 21 but come on! The only redeeming factor was that the associate at the register was friendly and asked how my day was going. He seemed at least semi-interested in providing a decent experience at the register. My suggestion, only go here if you are in need of some inexpensive accessories or layering tees and try to avoid it at all costs on a busy weekend. Best bet midweek after work.
1	I had to give this place a no go for one reason alone. Their return policy. I have been seeing this more and more from shops owned by china. I understand the clothes are only made to last a few months at best so this policy makes sense for that. I must admit some of it looks really cute but the grievances that i have read are spot on. Bad quality, falls apart, never anything above an XS. Too bad this kind of product is so accepted by so many.
3	The clothes are great for a date night, or special occasion but like others mentioned, don't really expect them to last forever. The only thing I have ever bought there that seemed to last is the spaghetti tanks they sell for $2.50. I stock up on those bad boys in nude. The lone guy they had working there was very friendly, brave little guy.
3	This place needs to hire more workers! The line is so long every time I go in here with my gf to buy cloths and always ended up leaving without buying anything.
