5	I found Roy Electric through another on-line source that I've used for other projects both here in Las Vegas as well as in New Jersey.  Being somewhat familiar with the way work gets done here, I didn't want just an handy-man. I wanted a professionally licensed and insured contractor.  Roy Electric satisfied my requirements and more.  I was totally delighted and impressed with Steve Roy's quotation, quality of work, as well as overall timeliness and cleanliness.  Once he started working, I knew I found the right man for the job and wound up giving him more and more other projects both inside the house, garage and even outdoor lighting.  What I really liked was that we only had to go over the scope of work once. Steve recommended alternatives for the better, and then we let him get on with the work.  Everything was done right and beyond our expectations.  I'm reluctant in writing this review, as I'm sure Steve will become very busy in the future and might not have time for our future projects.  But he is simply too good a electrician to keep for myself.  So I highly recommend Steve Roy Electric for any and all of your electrical needs, especially if you want a quality licensed and insured electrician!!!!
5	Just found Roy Electric and tried them out. Steve is awesome! From first speaking with him on the phone to the final inspection of the job done, Steve is a professional! Knows exactly what he's doing communicates very well and the work is excellent. Even the ideas he provides as alternatives are well thought out and explained clearly. I plan on using his services not only at my home but at my business as well. I would highly recommend Roy Electric for any electrical job. Big job or small, Steve can do it all! On time, at the right price, and excellent quality of work.
5	Quick response time, fast service, and showed up on time.  Can't get any better than that!
5	I was extremely impressed with Steve's professionalism, on-time appearance, his knowledge and overall experience. He went above and beyond what i initially called him for and I recommend him highly!
5	I am a returning LV resident who needed a 220 V connection to our laundry room.  Steve was very professional.  I explained what we needed to be done.  Sent photos.  Steve arrived at the scheduled time.  He had all the supplies.  He was very thorough.  The worksite was spotless as if he was not there.  I  appreciated the dedication to validate the problem and do the work as described.  Steve made some suggestions on saving costs.  I would recommend him to any homeowner or business who need electrical work.  Outstanding service!
5	100% satisfied. Extremely professional, knowledgable, and courteous. The only call I need to make for future electrician needs
5	Conscientious, professional, methodical, knowledgeable and reliable.Steve fixed a problem in 90 minutes that two other electricians had been unable to diagnose and fix. I now have lights in my bathrooms and ceiling fans again! Thanks Steve.If you need an electrician look no further. Too bad the rating system is only 5 stars - I'd give Steve 10/10!!!
5	Found him on Yelp and called him to fix some minor problems with the porch light.  He explain in detail as to what the problem is and what he will do.  Very professional and a personable guy.  Highly recommended.
5	I had additional work performed by Steve. We had a unique problem with a 2-way switch in our dinning room.  Steve solved the problem quickly and my wife was ecstatic!  The light timer switches have added a new level of Secuirty to our home. These switches follow the dusk, sun rise settings.  Steve also fixed a receptacle in the garage. We will have Steve back for any electrical needs. A super tradesman that has knowledge and pride in his work. Outstanding!!
