2	I don't know if it is because they just opened or what! But this place was a waste of my time and money!We were seated right away and broken chips and excellent salsa were brought out. Everything started out well enough...Drinks and orders taken, drinks brought out in a timely manner...That is where it ended really.  Refills on my soda were slow coming. The guys ordered Beer and we watched the beers hit the bar counter and waited for over 5 mins maybe even a few more before the girl brought them to us. At that point everyone complained they were hot. I thought the food was really good, pricing was okay. One remark was that the shrimp tostada should have avocado on it not an add't 1.50 as a side. The service was really poor. Our orders came out so sporadic we didn't eat as a table. And when asked for the avo, she cleared our table and did other things so that by the time she came back with the avo he was half done with his food making it almost pointless! Had to ask for salsa and chip refills every time. We started out as a table of 4. Then 2 other peeps came as we were waiting for our tabs. Because we all knew each other they slid another table up to ours and made us a table of 6.  Boy wasn't that convenient for our server who then felt she had the right to add a 15% tip to our tabs. I was shocked when I saw our tab! appalled that she had the huevos to do that! Honestly she forced us to all to over tip her. I saw no excuse for the lousy service we received so I felt she didn't deserve the tip she gave herself!As we are STILL waiting to get the tabs, they brought in a band. All I can say is that they were to many members playing the stage! The music would have been pretty good at a different venue. In a small place like this it was nothing but loud and clangy.I gave two stars for the food and that was it! I do not recommend this place at this time!!
1	Slowest service in the world. Never going back. The food was respectable but it was not even close to the amount of time that we wasted there. Do not go here because it is genuinely not worth it.
