3	What can I say? Its Rainbow, really inexpensive clothing, some name brand such as SouthPole or Apple Bottoms and some just weird off brands.Walking into Rainbow its a broke girls paradise! They have a plethora of colors and sizes, here they offer 0-13 and then the plus size. Both are in their own separate sections so it makes looking for clothing a breeze. The clothing isnt made all that great and some sizing is not correct but what more could a Vegas girl ask for?Gripes:It may say 2x but its really an XL. Some plus and even non plus clothing is off on the size.Colors! AHH Looks like a Rainbow vomited all over the clothes! Now some may like a bunch of different colors; I do not, I have a tattoo sleeve so a bunch of neon colors makes me look like a hot mess.Price. Some clothing is priced pretty reasonable while others (of course the few cute items I liked) were priced redic!Material. Here you get what you pay for. Its like "omg I found a perfect dress and its only 10$!" Ill bet 2$ it will end up shrinking or having a hole in it after the first wash.Return policy. The policy here is only 7 days, now I know that seems like a lot of time, but when you are never in the neighborhood and are in a rush to buy something, make sure you 100% love it. Otherwise youre stuck with 30$ of store credit 2 for the next 2 months and counting : )Pros:Workers are nice, to me anyway : ) Maybe these tattoos scare them : ) Im legit a gummy bear though!Store is newer and kept pretty clean! The aisles arent all in shambles and they give you an example of what items go together : ) score for the fashionably challenged lol.Reasonable prices on certain thingsAir conditioner works AMAZING! If Im on the area Id go browse just to be in the AC!! LOL. Ghetto, I know! Oh well!Realllly cute skinny girl clothes!All in all, the colors are like Party Rock and the sizes are sometimes weird, but if you wanna look cute on a budget come here!
5	I give this place a 5 star because of their increasing stock of plus size clothing. Now, I hate to tell my whole life story but if you're plus size, such as myself. You will thank The Lord for ever coming into contact with a place like this. Plus size clothes are expensive as hell ! The ladies are always working their butt off in the store to make sure everything is easy too find. & there is always a sale going on. It's MY heaven.
1	This is NOT a clothing store. This is a wedding venue!! Please have Yelp update the name of this place.
