4	Amazing Ceviche. Resonable wine list. Paid $150 for a dinner for 4 with wine but no dessert.
2	I think this restaurant is overpriced and the food I had was ok.I ordered the Ceviche de pescado and Anticucho. The ceviche is big enough to share and they should probably have a smaller (less expensive) version on the menu. The meat portion of the Anticucho was just right, but the salad was not really necessary.The flavours on the Ceviche were pretty good. It was well cooked, and the corn was really good. The leche de tigre was flavourful too. I was a little dissapointed with the Anticucho and expected a stronger marinade flavour.I also had the Chicha Morada which tasted like it was made with Maiz Morado, but was too watered down and was missing some of the fruit flavours that come along with Chicha. I noticed they don't sell Inca-Kola by the can, just bottle.The chips and cancha on the table instead of bread was really nice.This is a nice restaurant but way overpriced for the food it serves. If they can get the portion sizes and prices down it'd be a good value. As is now, $50 for 1 person to have an appetizer and a main course is just too much.
3	Came here with a friend who is a Peru-o-file and really enjoyed it.We started with boiled potato in a spicy sauce and that was great.  I had the spicy shrimp stew.  It was nice and spicy and the portion was generous.  The shrimp, though numerous, were a little rubbery.Service was friendly.  If you like Peruvian food, this is the place for you.
5	Authentic Peruvian food, with Excellent service and great prices! What more can you ask for?!I LOVE this restaurant, hands down!I went to Peru last year, and so delighted to find this little gem. The food here brought me right back to Peru. Their attention to detail is amazing. I ordered the ceviche, which I LOVE, and these guys did it perfectly. It tasted great, and they even served with with the large corn and spicy red pepper (rocoto) just like how they serve it in Peru. The Lomo Saltado (stir-fried beef) was soft, but  full of flavour. The Mero con camarones a la crema (fried fish in cream sauce) was delicious. They even accommodated us and grilled the fish instead of frying it. Even the salmon salad was great. You really cant go wrong here. Just a heads up, the jalea is basically deep fried calamari, or deep fried seafood. It wasn't my favourite, but if you like deep fried food, then maybe you will like it. In terms of the prices, they are quite reasonable for what you get- the portion sizes are HUGE. The ceviche is ~$22, and considering the portion size, is a steal. Most other dishes are around $19-20, so whomever said this is overpriced was really exaggerating.Finally, the service is AMAZING! Our group of friends arrived right when the kitchen closed, but they were kind enough to keep it open for us, AND not rush us at all during the meal.If you want delicious, authentic Peruvian food, with great service and excellent ambiance, this is the place for you.
