5	So great to see soft serve cones with a choice of dip flavors in a mobile truck. The chocolate dip has a nice slight coffee/mocha flavor. And the gentleman operating the truck provided wonderful service. Truly a great addition to the valley's growing cadre of fine food cart trucks.Kudos, Mister Softee!
5	Mister Softee is an all-star, he showed up on time, provided great service, and has great tasting ice cream... Give him a call !!
5	We vacation in New Jersey and love Mister Softee. When we found out they had a franchise truck here in AZ we knew we had to book for our son's birthday. What a hit. They arrived a few minutes ahead of the scheduled time..that was a plus. He was friendly and had great product and customer service. Everyone from the youngest to the oldest enjoyed having a cold soft serve ice cream on a hot day. My son also received a Mister Softee shirt and replica truck bank that he absolutely loved.I highly recommend Mister Softee to anyone that is throwing a childs birthday..heck I already told my husband that I don't want a gift for my birthday this year. I want a visit from Mister Softee.
4	Chocolate, cherry and now BUTTERSCOTCH dipped cones....Yes please. Your soft serve is so creamy, dreamy and delicious...I hate having to run past, but my ass is my nemesis and for now I have to avoid your sweet temptation.  The dream of  diving into cones filled with your goodness will have to suffice.
2	I'm struggling to see the draw here.  I had the chocolate shake, which was on par with what you get at McDonald's, but at a much higher price point ($6).
4	Since leaving NYC, I've tried to indulge in all things that reminded me of home. Mister Softee was the epitome of a NYC summer. There was nothing like running around in the sprinklers and hearing that unavoidable ice cream truck song. So when an email circulated the office, "MISTER SOFTEE IS OUTSIDE NOW!". Not five seconds later did I snatch up my wallet and race my way to the elevator. It was like I was seven again.I get to the window and immediately ask for my usual... "A rainbow sprinkle cone please!" It was just like a remembered. Soft served vanilla ice cream, rolled in rainbow sprinkles on a cone, so simple but so NYC.That'll be FOUR DOLLARS. Damn... nostalgia is costly, but I'd pay anything (sorta) for that perfect cone.
