4	I purchased a mailbox at this location and am very pleasantly surprised that I did.  I have purchased many a mailbox in my day and the service is always lacking and treat you like another number...but not here.  Rona is so nice and really takes the time to get to know you, always with a smile on her face.  She is kind to call and let you know about packages and is very accommodating.  The store itself if neat, with lots of nicknacks that can be purchased.  The only thing, it's tucked in the back of a Safeway parking lot, making it a bit hard to find and the parking is kind of a mess sharing with fellow shops and a Jiffy Lube.  Aside from that, this is a great place for your mailing needs.
5	I have been shipping and mailing business and personal items at Art of Mail for 5 years. The owner is friendly the service is prompt and whenever I need help with a gift idea for a birthday, Mother's Day, Father's Day or just a fun gift for a friend or someone I want to thank I always find a unique gift and card here and the owner helps me wrap it and I feel confident that it will get to where its going! Great Prices! Unique Gift Ideas, Cards, Trendy Jewelry, If you have not been check it out! The Art of Mail is not only the best shipping place but the best kept secret to find a special gift for your friends and family!!
1	I mailed a package from the Art of Mail and paid extra for second day air. My package did not get to its destination for 6 days! When I went in and asked for my money back the woman was so rude and told me she previously informed me when I sent the package that  there was no guarantee which was not true.  She told me it could possibly be 3 days which I was okay with but not 6.  I will never go back to this place and If anyone wants quality customer service or their package sent by a certain date I do not suggest going here.
1	I am only giving one star because there is no option for zero stars. Talk about a lack of customer service and this place takes first place. I walked in with a large box, about 25 pounds, and a parcel in an envelope and was told in a less than friendly manner, put it on the scale. She then went back to doing whatever she had been doing. I must have interrupted her ignoring, because I had the audacity to ask for a receipt. Still without a word, she scanned the packages and handed me the receipt. Not a word of thank you or anything, just back to ignoring. If someone is that unfriendly they should not be dealing with customers.
1	Wow, the lady working is a big grump! With that attitude I would rather stand in line at the post office!
1	As someone else also wrote on here, I'm only giving them one star because zero stars is not an option. Seriously heed my advice and DO NOT COME HERE. They mark up the prices on everything you mail or purchase. From stamps to first class postage! I shipped something at an actual USPS location and it cost about $2.40 for a first class package. Here, she charged me $4.00 for the exact same kind of package! Come here only if you're desperate to ship and don't mind being ripped off. I'm never coming here again. Seriously, they only stay in business by ripping off the customer. Another example...a sheet of stamps that you can get at the post office or grocery store are less than here.  Also, the lady who owns it is rude and unwelcoming.  I'd rather see an honest business in this building.
2	I've been there and had cheerful service.  Then, as some others note, I've been there where the woman is grumpy, condescending and very short - not just with me but with others I've watched.  At the end of the day, there are just better places to go in the area with better prices on shipping.
