3	When I was in Las Vegas two weeks ago, on my way home, I caught an early Hawaiian Airlines flight. Rushing out of my hotel, & returning the rental car, I did not have anytime to eat anything in the wee morning hours........Lucky for me, the McCarran Airport's new Terminal 3 has a whole bunch of places to eat & shop,.........they even have slot machines, so you can do some last minute gambling! Lol!!!After checking in at Hawaiian Airlines, passing the TSA screening area, catching the monorail to Terminal 3.........it was time to sit down, relax, & get something to eat before I board my flight home.After walking around Terminal 3, I found this place called Baja Fresh "Express" Mexican Grill. It was a good place I could grab something quick..........food was edible, but of course nothing like I would get at a restaurant. But the convenience factor was spot on!Ordered myself - two Breakfast Burrito's & two soda's.............aaaah, breakfast of Champions!!!! All of this for just under $20 bucks. Not bad to airport food........as you know, the prices will be a little higher at the airport due to the convenience factor, and probably the vendor's high rent, & taxes.The food......well, the breakfast burrito was quite BIG, it was loaded with eggs, potatoes, & one type of meat. I ended up taking bacon for my meat. Everything about the breakfast burrito was okay, with the exception of the bacon which was kinda soggy & rubbery. If they had cooked the bacon to a crisp, then loaded it in the burrito, I'm sure it would have tasted a little better......but what do you expect for airport food???? It's all about convenience folks!
4	I'm completely stunned... Great Fish Tacos in an Airport?I was starving as I got off the plane in Las Vegas to attend a conference.  Nothing looked great to me until I saw Baja Fresh.  I was going to grab a quick salad when I noticed that they had ono fish tacos.  I love fish tacos so much that I was willing to risk a bad experience just to see if I could get a decent one.  Boy was I stunned when I found out that Baja Fresh has awesome fish tacos.  Served on two "doubled up" soft corn tortillas, with melted cheese, lettuce, avocado, and delicious lightly seasoned grilled ono, these were outstanding.  My only regret is that I did not get the triple instead of wimping out and getting the double.  The tacos came with rice and beans but I hardly noticed because the tacos were all I cared about.I'm still in shock 24 hours later.
