5	Super friendly staff.  Really good food.  Can't ask for more!
4	Sandwich business means you sometimes wait forever to get served (since it's order at the counter). Wednesday special, dozen bagels for $5.Please note that Pittsburgh is neither New York nor Montreal. But Bruegger's bagels are pretty good on their own terms.
3	The people at this Bruegger's were much friendlier than the ones I'm used to visiting in the Philadelphia area.My food was served quickly and tasted fine. You won't be disappointed, but it's nothing spectacular.The friendly employees and the good food are two reasons why you should definitely give this place a try.
3	sun morning staff was GREAT!!(8/21) Mon morning Awful!'!!   Majorly messed up my order! Ordered a sesame with green olive & pimento - got plain blueberry found when I got where I was going -  bad service.  Food is very good. Would go back on a Sunday'
3	I just hopped in this place while exploring my new area (although it's a little far from my actual 'hood) to get an iced tea and replenish those bagel carbs I missed so desperately in China. I guess timing was a little off since it was around 2 pm because there weren't a whole lot of choices and what I ended up with didn't taste incredibly fresh. I would definitely try this place again at a more normal feeding time to prove myself wrong.  In terms of sandwiches, they had some variety, but those were a little pricey.
1	First of all the place is smelly!  It smells like feet and wet cardborad.I bought a plain bagel with cream cheese, turkey, and tomatoe. It was decent. However, I bought chocolate milk and I did not notice it was expired until I tasted it. It was gross. They asked if I wanted to exchange it, but I noticed all the milk cartoons were expired. Then my friend ordered a cinnamon bagel and he wanted it toasted and they said no because it would "catch on  fire cos it has sugar on top." Instead, they microwaved it, which left it slimy and gross! He returned it and the women seemed quiet annoyed.
2	I got the salmon bagel, I asked for extra veggies and got charged for extra veggies, only to open my bagel at work and to find....... No veggies... Sigh..
3	This location has the fastest service I have encountered in Oakland which makes it convenient to grab breakfast or lunch on the go.
4	Of all the Bruegger's Bagels, this is the best one in the city. And it's all because of the staff. They are extremely nice and super efficient. Even if the line is long, I never worry because they are speedy quick. It's the kind of place that once you're in there a few times, they'll learn your name and what your order. They will chat with you and actually care about how you're day is going. It's very refreshing! I usually come here before work to grab a breakfast sandwich. They have a good selection for breakfast and are very accommodating for special requests. I made up my own sandwich and always get it--a Rosemary & Olive Oil Bagel with egg, ham, cheddar cheese and their sun-dried tomato spread. The spread is so, so good. I could literally (figuratively) eat a gallon bucket of it. My bagel sandwich is always good. Is it the absolute best breakfast in Oakland? No, but for the convenience of it being so close to work, the price point and the fact that the staff is so great, I  will keep coming here a few times a week!
4	I headed here for a quick bite before meeting up with my sister. I had like 5 minutes before my bus was due but was seriously in and out in two (phew!!)I ordered the cinnamon raisin bagel with honey walnut cream cheese. I'm seriously obsessed with honey walnut and brought it up to the worker for small talk. He kept the convo going by agreeing with me and saying he loves it on sweet bagels. Sometimes food workers eply with a one word phrase so it was nice customer service to chat with me.So super fast and friendly service as well as a tasty bagel. I forgot to order it toasted but that was my fault.Also I literally LOVE their blue apple salad.. Chicken, green apple slices, blue cheese & nuts on a bed of lettuce with champagne dressing. I have no idea what champagne dressing is, but it's fabbb!!
5	Best bagels and very consistent service! Always fresh and workers are very friendly. I can eat here any time of the day! Even the soup is delicious. Fast service and very clean environment!
1	Worst whole wheat bagel I've ever had. I was starving and still couldn't finish it. Yuck, would not recommend going here at all.
2	I went here once because one of the Pitt clubs was doing a fundraiser here, and I'm not sure if it was just this location, but I wasn't impressed. I got a pumpernickel bagel with plain cream cheese. The bagel was thin and pretty bland. There was barely any cream cheese on there, and what WAS there was poorly spread around. The location is good and it's cheap, but you'd have better luck going to Einstein's bagels, or even getting a Panera bagel- instead.
