4	Let's call it 3.5 stars shall we? And I have to say that this is the only coffeehouse I have ever been in where I overheard patrons quizzing the employees about drink calorie counts before ordering. And they rolled off answers as if they are asked all the time. Coffee Bean in Scottsdale, you're scaring me a little bit. Is Scottsdale that LA? Seriously? I'm asking. Nothing against Scottsdale, I'm still new to the area, keeping an open mind. The shopping center here (I think it's Gainey Village) is 3/4 upscale chain, 1/8th too swanky and 1/8th Get Over Yourselves! But I digress. I had a mocha which was pretty good, a scone (curiously labeled "English" as if the nationality of all the pastries should be tagged *piece of baklava "Greek"* or something. Am I digressing again?) The scone was also pretty good but I would not call it authentic. Or English. Serve it up with some Devonshire cream and we'll talk. Apparently a chain, Coffee Bean seems fairly innocuous and served it's purpose of recaffeinating me and providing some free wifi. So there.
5	Have to give this place 5 stars. My husband and I went bike riding this morning along the green belt and it is our ritual to stop for coffee. We chose Coffee Bean this morning. The place is very nicely presented and clean. The staff are friendly and very kind. I say very kind because my husband and I both thought that the other had brought money. No so. lol. We managed to find some change floating around but were 20 cents short. They gave us coffee anyway. So 5 stars for sure!
1	I've stopped in this place for many years.  I always forget how bad it is.The seats are terribely uncomfortable......they have wireless but you need a code and it's limited to 2 hours.And the coffee just is not that good.there are many better options....
4	My favorite coffee place. The staff are awesome and the atmosphere is great too! Free wi-fi, lots of places to sit and great drinks!!
5	5 stars all the way. Let me begin by saying that I'm a big fan of the products. The store is done in very warm tones and the drinks are incredibly aromatic and these 2 things combines seem to make all my stress melt away when I step in the door. I'm not a huge coffee fan, but I can order some of the coffee drinks here. I'm completely unable to drink the caramel frappuccino from Starbucks, but I can't get enough of the caramel ice blended from Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.So now that we've established that I love the product, we can move on to the real reason this place gets a 5 star review--the staff. I've never seen anything like it. If you come in 3-7 times someone will probably know your name and might even know your drink.Leila is the best at this. She knows peoples names, their drinks and if you come there often enough she even knows which car you drive. She'll see a regular customer's car pull up and she'll have the normal drink ready and waiting for them by the time they walk through the door. THAT is the epitome of customer service.
5	LOVE this place.  The tea and coffee is bold, unique and mighty tasty.  Five stars for quality. I always have a pleasant experience, and the staff remembered my name after my second visit!  I can get in, out and on my way in no time.  On the weekends I like to come here with a good book and enjoy a pastry with my coffee.  The waffles call my name.  Yes, they serve waffles.  My gripes:  There could be more comfy chairs in place of all the tables and straight-backed chairs.  It's very chilly inside too, so bring a sweater if you plan on staying.
4	I've never had a bad experience with Coffee Bean. This location has plenty of parking and lots of seats too. My sugar free vanilla latte was made perfectly and the barista was friendly. The bathroom was clean too!There's free WIFI here, but it logs off after 2 hours.
5	Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks...
3	I'm always on the lookout for a morning coffee place  and decided to stop at the Coffee Bean. Since I am always interested in trying new places, it looked inviting and clean, and was close to where I was going.They had the usual items you find in a coffee shop, and there was ample seating, with outside tables. That said, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. However, if I am in the area, and need coffee to drink while reading my newspaper, this is a good option.
1	So after a brief visit to Scottsdale, tired of seeing nothing but strip malls, I wanted some coffee. Stat. Wanting to do the local thing instead of giving in to the all-mighty Starbucks, a quick Yelp search pointed me towards Coffee Bean. This was not my first choice, as the other places were closing at or around 6pm (WTF Scottsdale?!?).So first of all, this place is a chain. So there goes my "shop local" thing. My bad, not theirs.And, second, this place sucks. Sorry but it does. My chai latte was pale and very close to the hue of milk. In fact, it tasted like milk. Watery and iced milk. Yuck. And the cappuccino was BAD. Yes, BAD. The espresso was way too hot. Temperature plays a very big part of pulling a good shot of espresso, among many other variables. The milk was alright. The espresso to milk ratio was way off as well. The atmosphere is boring and generic. Any Starbucks interior is leagues better; more comfy, more appealing, etc. One of the few instances when going with Starbucks would have been a better option. I have no idea how this place has a four star rating. Geez.
4	CBTL became my go-to caffeine stop during my recent trip to the Valley.  It was nice to take a break from Starbucks and experience some different flavors.  Yes, it really is different.  The lattes were creamier and better tasting, the pastries more delectable and the tea offerings more plentiful.  I had a chance to sample several things from the menu and didn't end up disappointed.  The employees were helpful in offering up suggestions when I was in the mood for something different but uncertain of what that might be...I always got my order to-go but I can see this not being a particularly great spot to hang out in for hours at a time.  It isn't exactly cozy.  If the weather allows it, they have a small outdoor area with tables and chairs.  It faces the parking lot but didn't seem to be so bad for a short visit.  Based on my experience, I'd definitely return.
3	Decent coffee. My issue is with the Internet connection. I came to get some work done but was unable to secure a connection for longer than 20 minutes or so.
5	High end coffee shoppe with a local "feel".
3	The three stars are for the friendliness of staff and the location, it is close to work for me and makes it easy to stop in. The store is nice and always clean, though I've never sat in it for an extended amount of time. I'm typically out of there in ten minutes. But, the actual drinks there are not very good to me. The tea lattes taste like sweet milk. I don't know what the powder is that they add to the drinks, but it tastes fake to me. Everything is really just too sweet, even when it's sugar free. Maybe it's just my taste buds. If you are looking for a local place, I suggest cartel down the street.
4	The Coffee Bean makes some seriously great coffee. Iced, hot, yep, they've got it!They've also got killer wifi. And for this I'll love them. In this particular stretch of shopping the Coffee Bean offers A/C like it will chase you out the door. Copious amounts of seating. And, like I mentioned, wifi that will power your many devices.Because let's face it. Coffee shops are an awesome place to stop and hammer out emails. But you know what is even better? Not watching grey hair sprout on your head as your fret watching a document upload.The vanilla lattes I've enjoyed have been divine. I've also sampled their yogurts. My only gripe is that they don't offer any actual "food". (For that there is another locale in the center that you can go to, but their wifi BLOWS.) Everyone that works here is marvelous! Plenty of outdoor tables should you feel like enjoying the fall/winter weather!
5	I love taking my laptop to this coffee shop and ordering an iced coffee with sugar-free vanilla flavoring and a splash of soy milk. Delicious. The baristas are always so friendly as well.
4	Gotta have a Blended everytime I come to Arizona.  I think I drink more for my son in Denver than me.  It is his favorite coffee shop.  I have been to quite a few in the area.  I have found friendly service.  Pastries are good and I know I will go back.
4	A lot better than Starbucks... Love the hazelnut iced blended drink.  I always search out coffee bean wherever I go. I only need Starbucks if there is no coffee bean.The chai tea latte is also far better than Starbucks.
4	Came here for coffee during the Cars & Coffee event.  This place gets a lot of business during this time.  The line was out the door, but the staff was quick and efficient in processing my order and still maintained a friendly face.  Regular brewed coffee is pretty strong so I always have to add lots of milk.
5	Great customer service and their coffee rocks!  I love no sugar added chocolate and vanilla to mix in ....
5	Well folks, I think I have officially converted to the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf (CBTL) from Starbucks which I was confirmed to their goldcard status in 2008. I don't know, I guess I grew up and figured out what I want my beliefs to be and that path has lead me to CBTL. Well, really it was the path from my house, which is nearby, making this my most convenient coffee shop, but I was just trying to be dramatic...Anyhoo, I am a sucker for americanos and the espresso that they pour here is not bitter at all compared to what I am used to. I would agree with a previous review that it is sweeter than Sbucks, but I think anything would be, they are just bitter. When I really want a treat I get some of their no sugar added vanilla powder which really makes it taste sweet. I love their wide assortment of teas and while I have not tried any, I know I will and appreciate all the options I have ahead of me. The staff is always pleasant, the drinks come out pretty quick, and the condiment bar is always clean. There are about 6 tables inside and several outside, which on the weekends turns into a dog friendly patio, love it! I can't wait for Fall and Winter to take advantage of their patio while enjoying my coffee!
4	This is one of the cleanest Coffee Beans around. The staff is extremely polite and efficient. The place is very nicely laid out and extremely comfortable. I had one of their winter teas, and it was served in a nice tall glass mug. Very nice touch. Great job.
