2	talk about being disappointed, every time i go to vegas i stop by another central american restaurant, i won't even say which one it was for the sake of this review. when i reached said restaurant it was closed for renovations and recommended  la casona bar and grill. excited to try a new place we got in the car and headed here, big mistake. the food is terrible starting with the chips and salsa that they bring out i was surprised they would serve stale chips like that. i also ordered a baliada and a traditinal plate. the baliada was hands down the worst one I've had in my life and thats not me being dramatic, stale tortilla and the filling was not good at all. the traditional plate was ok but i have NEVER been to a central american place that served store bought flour tortillas, the side of "fried cheese" was un edible. wish i would have just gone to in and out and had a burger before heading back to LA.
1	Food is ok, good popusas. Other then that , service is terrible. Being the only table there I figured we would get our order in no time. Nope took 40min! To get 4 popusas out. My order of bacon wrapped shrimp was a disappointment as the bacon was extremely under cooked.. If you see this place just keep driving.
2	This is a branded as Central American restaurant, and not even a good one at that. If you are looking for a Mexican Restaurant and come here, you will not leave happy.I have visited a few Central American countries, but lived in Honduras. So with my Honduran adapted taste buds, I was not impressed. Perhaps it is more Nicaraguan? I couldn't figure it out, the menu is sectioned out by country, with a bit of overlap. Best advise? If you are looking for pupusas, head to an El Salvadoran restaurant. Baleada? Head to a Honduran- and so on. This might be your restaurant if you are looking for Nicaraguan food, but I am not 100% on that.
5	Latin Nights! Dance Merengue, Salsa, Bachata and much more. Thursday thru Monday, doors open 8pm to 4am, 21 and over  No Cover.
4	Here with this place you get a 3-for-1 kind of venue which consists of a restaurant and karaoke on one side and a nightclub on the opposite side. The nightclub has a fully stocked bar so have at it. If you're in the mood for hookah, well you can get one here for around $25. You're feeling hungry? Go ahead place your order.Now, the nightclub really gets going around midnight and it's very much happening. I've gone only on nights when the nightclub is open and had a blast. Inside you'll see couples, some cougars on the prowl and your young chica hottie that belongs in a centerfold of a magazine.No, it's not a fancy club like the megaclubs you'll find on the Strip with all the extra bells and whistles. It's just a cool local latin hangout to kick it for a few hours.There are two DJs and they take turns back and forth playing different types of Latin music to appease the taste of everyone in the crowd (salsa,merengue,bachata,raggeton) It has a small dance floor with tables surrounding it but you can manage. The DJs are pretty cool, they keep the party going till around 5am.The whole staff from the bartenders to the waitresses and bouncers hold their own. Professional and quick to the draw especially the bouncers standing outside, don't expect to wait in line to get in, none of that pretentious attitude here. You get to the entrance, they pad you down and in you go. Best of all, admission is free. Once inside, you can come in and out of the club to have a smoke or catch a breather from all the craziness happening inside.Check out the karaoke if you feel like letting out your inner Pop Star then later hit the dance floor. It's low key but would suggest guys wear a nice suit or a blazer, you never know if "Ms. Right Now" will be in attendance!So yes, I highly recommend this latin joint. It's fun!--------------------------------------------------------
1	Unable to get a table on nights that fights are shown.  We specifically went to this restaurant to be able to eat a nice dinner and watch the fight.   Received absolutely NO service OR a table.  Had to stand to watch the fight and left hungry.  Very disappointed.
