5	This place is fairly new and to be honest, I didn't know it was there until I saw one of those ads before the movies at Harkins. I Googled it after seeing the commercial and most people said it was difficult to find. Here's where it is - go to Power Road and it is in the complex with Uncle Bears and LA Fitness. I arrived Tuesday night at 5:30. Maybe it was too early for dinner, but the place looked closed. There were no cars in the lot and the windows were dark. As it turned out, it was open - but we were the only guests at the time. Eventually three more tables showed up.The place is called Trophy's because the decor features animals shot by the owner. It features what is called the North American 29. I forgot to bring my camera phone, but there was a polar bear, musk ox, bison, many types of deer and sheep as well as 5 bears. The interior was spacious and great seating. There were more employees that customers, so the service was excellent. I had Gerardo and he attended to our every need. The menu features steak, pasta and chicken primarily, but there are also a few choices of game. I went with today's special - the flatiron steak with wild boar ribs, green beans and sweet potato fries. Excellent! My friend had the elk & buffalo meatloaf. Another fine selection! We ordered a salad, and it was huge, not to mention tasty. The bread was excellent! Gerardo indicated that with the dinner we also could have the soup, which was a chicken noodle with wild rice. I was not disappointed - and for desert a nice chocolate brown with ice cream (and one strawberry).If you like the more exotic game, it is best to go on the weekend. Gerardo said last weekend they had the wild boar ribs and in the past few weeks they had kangaroo, antelope sausage, llama and coming up this weekend pheasant. Also they receive types of fish such as Tuna and trout. If you don't like your animals mounted and watching you, this may not be to your liking - but that didn't bother me and I liked looking at the displays. Dinner for 2 with salad, drinks and dessert is about $50.- but the food is some of the best in the area and the service was second to none. This place is great and needs some people to give it a try!
5	Thank you my fellow Yelpers ... you did not let me down on this one.  So glad I tried this place.   I wanted to find a steakhouse closer that was not San Tan Flats, I mean I like that place and all, but I wanted a Ruth Chris style/The Keg style filet somewhere closer.  Trophys provides and came through like no other!!Ruth Chris (in my book) is still the best, but WOW this one comes in as a close second .. CLOSE!  It was melt in your mouth 8 OZ. of goodness.  The filet is about 1/2 the cost of Ruth Chris too.  I will be a regular now.  It's cool inside they have a small version of what you could find in a Bass Pro shop (animal wise) very cool - the kids LOVED it and they had a good kids menu.   This steak was by far MUCH MUCH better then anything you can get closer.  Much better then Outback, Texas Roadhouse, Logans ... YOU NAME IT ... I thought this one was better in regards to all the stuff close.My only gripe was it was a little slow on service.  Our drinks were dry a few times and we had to wait longer then I would have liked.  I also hate when I get my soup, salad and bread the same time as the entre.  Other then that its still 5 star worthy cause of how good it was!!My wife had the chicken salad of some sort (see picture) and she loved it and said it was very good.  She also tried my filet and said it was really good.  (she's hard to please too - trust me ... I know!!!  haha)Good job Trophy's .... You made a believer out of me and a regular!  Cant wait to go back!
5	Again, perfection. Had the 12 oz NY strip this time around. Look at it. It's beautiful. Almost sad to eat it .... Uh jk. Loved it.As good as it was though, I think I will never stray from the filet again .... I am so glad I found this place and I am glad QC is filling it - this place MUST stay in business - its the best steak within 30 min of my house!  Please QC ... go and you will fall in love like I have, and we will never have to worry about them going out of business!!Yea!!!
4	I was going to give this 3 stars, but since I'm not a true meat-eater (I only eat fish and poultry) I thought I should go a bit easy on the review for this place.  The pros:Service was awesome.  Prices are reasonable.  Drinks good (had a Grey Goose dirty martini for $6! now that's a deal).  My husband raved about his food (he had 2 different types of sausages as well as the prime rib).The cons:The chicken dish was "OK".  Really nothing special, and honestly kind of dry.  Also, the dessert (brownie sundae) wasn't very good - the brownie was cold.  Would have been MUCH better if they had heated it up.  Also, the "trophies" throughout the place (the animals that the owners have hunted) are not to my liking.Of course, if you don't mind looking at the animals (or should I say, them looking at you) and you love your meat - then this is the place for you.  My husband couldn't get enough of his food - he loved absolutely everything he ordered.  I'm sure we'll be back.  Sigh.
5	Love the food, love the atmosphere. My dad helped me do some work around our house so as payment my wife and I took him and mom here. The atmosphere was great with friendly staff, my dad is an avid hunter and somewhat of a cowboy and loved showing his grandkids the Trohpies on the wall. The steak was spectacular. I took my wife to Morton's for Valentines a couple years ago and it couldn't hold a candle to Trophy's. Melt in your mouth tender with the perfect flavor. The price was stupendous too I spent the same money for my wife and I at Mortons as the 6 of us at Trophy's. Highly recommended!
2	I came here looking for a truly unique dining experience. This place boasts a menu of exotic meats/game not available in many other places. The ambiance while unique is a bit like a mausoleum. Stuffed Big Game everywhere you look. Not just on the walls, everywhere! A little creepy when you think about it. Next, the food wasn't prepared with much care. The Elk burger was a frozen patty, not fresh and the "Pork Wings" were the very same ones I had at Nicantinos pizza a few days previous. The bartender knew nothing about the beer selection and the plethora of howling children made for and uncomfortable and aggravating experience. The manager was a little strange as well, not very comfortable in his own skin. In hindsight I guess you might say he fit in rather well in this place. A strange experience at best.
2	NO! now I hear they are doing Scarerioke, I mean Karaoke? "Let me tell u a little story bout a man named jed..." Boy, you got a real Pertty(Yes Pertty) Mouth! Ok, that may be a bit harsh, but I have to disagree with Matt S., this is not quality food. As I said, my burger was from the freezer! For a Truly Great Steak try Brio or The Keg. Both of these places are located at SanTan Village and are quite close if you are already making the trip to Power and Germann Rd. for Trophies. I must say this as well: Brio, like Trohpy's, may ask you to pay top dollar for a steak BUT will NEVER subject you to Karaoke! That's Just Silly. Concentrate on whats important. Food, Service and Product Knowledge. On my visit, to Trophy's, all of these areas needed work.
5	We have been going to Trophy's Steakhouse since they opened last year and have gotten to know the family that owns and runs this restaurant very well.  Every meal at this place is 5 star - just try out the Buffalo Burger, the Ribeye or any of the awesome specials they whip up on a weekly basis to bring new recipes and flavors to its patrons.  Coming up soon are Buffalo Wings - and we can't wait!  Tried them last night and they are amazing.Book your special event here and they will take awesome care of you - the back room is no charge if reserved in advance and is a great spot for a birthday, retirement or happy hour party.  The prices are incredibly reasonable for a Steakhouse - and the portions are so large that you can even split a meal (like the Big Dan Ribeye) and still have leftovers to take home.  Check out their nightly specials too - where can you go for $3-4 martini or a $3 glass of wine where you are surrounded by great atmosphere too?  The guys love Craft Beer night (Wed).  We'll be going back again and again because this place just keeps getting better and better and better!   Thanks to the Dettler Family for opening such a great restaurant in Queen Creek Arizona.
1	CREEPY, CREEPY, CREEPY!!!! Like Becky m. Just not good. And weird!!!!
4	Lets begin by saying Trophy's may not be for everyone.  Every Trophy Animal in American is Stuffed and Mounted on the walls.  Yes even a real Polar Bear.  Love it or hate it, no other place in Arizona can compare. Bring your camera!  There may be the odd picture of me Humping the Black Bear, oops.Now on the meat (little joke there)...Trophy's always has a GREAT draft beer selection.  On my last visit, I had a Double Jack and an Odell Lupulin. The Happy Hour food menu is a bit different & a nice break from the norm.  I really like the daily burger special that includes a draft beer! Not just domestic beer, ANY Beer!   Having said so, not everything on the menu catches my fancy.  By now you probably realize the menu contains quite a bit of Wild Game.  While a big draw for many people, I find many of the menu items to "Gamey"(spelling?).Owner Brett knows his beer & shows his passion for the fizzy nectar by  keeping a great mix of brews & regularly doing somthing special with his selections.   Trophies is hidden in the back corner on the N/E corner of Power & Germann just past Home Depot & is well worth finding.  A strange diamond in the rough, but a diamond none the less.
4	I would have given 5 stars had it not been for the terribly slow service.  We were the only table our server had, it should not have taken near as long as it did.  But, the food was fantastic!  Very flavorful and tender steak, wonderful mashed potatoes, perfectly cooked carrots, and yummy Antelope sausage.  The restaurant is very nice and very clean.  We really enjoyed the card at our table that went over the history and background of the owners.  I'm excited to try them out again.  (Maybe we'll get a different waitress)
4	Headed down to Trophies for their New Tap Handle Debut Party.  Such a Great selection of Craft Beer on Tap! Now  w/ 18 Tap Handles, choices included Le Contrebassiste from Bells, as well as Judgment Day, Sculpin, Big Eye, Union Jack, Arrogant Bastard, Myrecenary, Mudsberry for MudShark Brewing any many more.  I ran into the Who's Who of Arizona craft beer while attending this little party.  Everyone was there shaking hands and Kissing Babies(LOL)!!!  With that much great beer on tap Trophy's has truly taken its place among the great places in our growing craft beer community.  You must Try it!
3	Awesome food!  My kids loved looking at all the animals. For the parents the food is excellent!  Highly recommended!
4	Great to have an excellent Craft Beer restaurant so close to home.  Service is always top notch and the food is Great.  Some people are creeped out by the taxidermy?  Really?  But then again, I am far from a PETA Vegan.  Love the wings, and potato skins at the bar, and every steak I have had has been as good as it gets.  I Highly recommend Trophy's!
3	I really wanted to give Trophy's more stars because of their nice draft beer selection but the food was overpriced, not all that good and the service somewhat slow.  Do not get the $13 buffalo burger, way overpriced and under cooked. It's also a long way to drive being south of Williams Mesa airport.
2	We would of never known of this place if it weren't for Veebow. That app on my smart phone map'd it out from where I was, it had a buy one burger get second off, sounded like a deal so we went.......Pros: The food was good.Cons: We went first thing when it opened, and our food took forever(over 40 mins) for a couple of burgers. Waitress hardly came by our table, understanable since it was the lunch rush. There was no lunch rush.Verdict: I would have to try it again, hopefully they have another coupon on that Veebow site next month. Can't judge a restaurant off one bad waitress. Next time maybe dinner.
1	Well, we will never go back and let me tell you why.I actually liked the decorations. I am not a hunter and personally I can't stand it and don't get it BUT I can appreciate that is a hobby for some. I just couldn't get past how bad the service and food was! We spend almost $100 for 2 people and it wasn't worth $50.I ordered the filet and it comes with veggies and a starch. Well I asked if I could have just all veggies and the server says "I will have to check with the chef to see if we can make an exception. We don't normally allow that". Uhhhh I'm sorry if my dietary restrictions are just too much for the chef! Really, how hard is it to just leave off the potato and add extra broccoli?We order and then wait, and wait, and wait... it took almost an hour to get our food. At one point the server came by and asked if they could butterfly my steak so it would cook faster. I said that was fine but when the food actually came out they didn't even butterfly my steak. My steak was burnt to a crisp. I mean WELL done. I ordered it medium. If you are going to have "Steakhouse" in your name then cooking a steak correctly would be a start. Also, I asked our server if we got bread with our dinner. His response? "Oh, well it was still in the oven when  you ordered so I thought you wouldn't want any" Hmmm way to be proactive and ask. I guess what gets me the most is I gave my feedback about how the steak was awful  (I didn't even finish my dinner) and the response was "Oh sorry about that". There was no offer for them to fix it, take it back or own up to it. I will never visit this place again. I hear the Applebees down the road can cook the hell out of my steak too for a quarter of the price.
5	Great beer, great food, the "Juicy Moosy" was great
3	Had the Sampler Plate, which consists of elk, buffalo, antelope, Calamari and venison.  Pretty good.  The venison was a bit under cooked for my liking, but still a fair dish.
3	I went to this  place for dinner last Friday evening as part of a party of eight.  I was impressed with the beer list and had two glasses of Old Chub, by Oskar Blues.  I wanted to try one of the wild game entrees, but we were told by the server that they did not have the Buffalo Rib Eye that is on the menu.  Therefore, I ordered the Elk and Buffalo meat loaf.  I guess that was my mistake.  It was very, very dry and not at all tasty.  Everyone else's meals looked much better than mine.  One friend next to me had ribs and said they were very good.  The friend on the other side had the Prime Rib and he said it was a good at it looked, which was great.  One of the women ordered the Kangeroo on the promise that it would be tender, but she saidd it was not tender.   I wouldn't be against a return visit but I would order differently.  Service was slow but we were fine with that since we were all talking and visiting.  The atmosphere is great if you are into stuffed mamals.
2	My boyfriend had been bugging me to go to this place with him for months!!! We finally went... It was a Saturday evening and the restaurant was dead. That is a really bad sign... We walked in and were awkwardly greeted by what seem to be a new hostess. We walked into the dining area and stood there for about 30 seconds while the hostess discussed where we should be seated with a server(?). Super. I always get the same thing at steakhouses, but I was very curious about the menu. They have kangaroo, buffalo, elk etc. We ordered the chicken wings to start with since they had some sort of habanero sauce, but they were out... Of course. I cant imagine that the sauce is that difficult to make (assuming they make it, instead of purchasing it). We took our servers recommendation and tried the spicy Asian, nothing special. I ordered the 6oz filet, medium, with a baked potato with the works and the boyfriend ordered the 8oz filet, medium, with garlic mashed. I had a Caesar salad to start with, it was fine... nothing special. I could have done with out the bottom of the barrel croutons though, too many crumbs! Boyfriend had the house salad with a  few additional items. He said it was fine. When my steak came, there were no juices on the plate indicating that it was still pink in the middle. I immediately cut into it and surprise, surprise it was completely cooked!  I love eating leather! So I glanced over at my boyfriends steak which was cooked perfectly. Great. I guess I was lucky since he had gravy on his plate that I was able to use so my steak wasn't so dry. I informed our server of the issue and she agreed the steak was over cooked. I have always had bad experiences with sending my food back to be re-made, so I don't. I expected a manger to come over and talk to us since the food is at a higher price range.... I was wrong. Our server (Brooke) was great! It didn't look like there was a single other person working in the restaurant! Any other staff member that was there sitting at he bar. To be honest I'm not even sure there was a manger working, no one stood out as being in charge. I am definitely not interested in returning to this establishment.The interior of the restaurant was actually really cool. Hunting isn't really my thing, but I can admire someone's passion. I did really like that they had the history of the owner and about the hunting clubs. There was obviously a lot of money dumped into the place, but that can't save you from the lack of experience and passion in the kitchen and from the managers. We paid $100+ for 2 people and I got a crappy steak
4	My family and I checked this place out last night because we are always driving by it, but have never tried it.  We almost didn't go because of the reviews about all the animals (our 18 month old tends to get too distracted by them). I did feel like I was eating in Cabellas but my kids thought it was cool.  My husband ordered the prime rib rare and it was done perfectly, which can be a hard thing to do right, although we were there at 5. I ordered a salad and potato skins, which were good.  We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and that was probably the one downside of the meal, you could tell they were frozen from a bag.  The kids chicken nuggets appeared to be homemade and not your normal restaurant pressed chicken nuggets.   It was pretty dead for a Saturday night and we mentioned that to our server (who was fabulous) and she mentioned that they recently hired a new chef.  I guess word hasn't got out yet.  We were very happy with our meal and service (my husband is very picky when it comes to a good steak) and will be returning.  It is a little on the pricey side but worth it.
5	I have eat at Trophy's a number of times and I must say I have yet to be disappointed.  The high quality steaks, chicken and  seafood there is prepared to perfection.  Recently I had the bread pudding for desert and you can taste the richness from the butter, home made butterscotch and cream cheese frosting, so delicious to die for. Love the staff there, always greeted with a smile, and if a server isn't right there, Jenny or Jason the bartenders are on top of it.Owners Becky and Kevin make everyone feel so welcomed and you become part of the family, so nice to have them around.
2	OK...where to start. Its tough because I really wanted to like this place. We walk in the place at 7:00 and its dead. Smells funny too. Not a good start. We were drawn in by the draft beer selection (which is pretty stellar, by the way and the reason for the 2 stars!). Service was good. The food, not so much. We order buffalo burger because I've never met a buffalo burger I didnt like...until tonight. There were large raw chunks of meat in our burgers. Now, I know  a good burger is supposed to be medium but this wasnt pink, this was raw in the middle. No bueno. Bland. Salads were covered, let me repeat COVERED in dressing. Desert: cheese cake. The frozen kind that you thaw, cut and put strawberry sauce on. Not impressed but how do you mess up a frozen boxed cheese cake? The whole place is just a little off. You can tell they've put a lot of effort into it but.....something's just off.
4	Pleasantly surprised! My wife and I stopped by on a Tuesday night. It was very quiet and that scared us at first. We debated wether or not to bail. Glad we didn't. Staff was very friendly. Food was excelent. Prices are very reasonable.Pros:-Water tastes filtered. Always a plus.-Food is delicious.-Prices are reasonable.-Clean and interesting atmosphere.-Locally owned. Family business.-Owner credited the dessert before our bill came. She appologized for the poor quality without us even mentioning it.Cons:-Dessert was disappointing.Definitely check this place out. Give it a try even if it seems quiet.
2	We visited Trophy's this weekend.  Driven by it numerous times and decided to give it a shot.  It was semi okay, but probably will not be going back.First off, the menu states that the dinner comes with a dinner roll.  Neither my husband nor myself received this.  We both had the cesar salad and mine was lacking hardly any dressing and the lettuce was way too large.  I also tried to order the prime rib, however was told that they were out of it, so I had to go with my second choice of a rib eye.Now, I would expect a steakhouse to be able to cook a killer steak right?  Hmm not so much.  The flavor was good, but my husband and I both ordered our steaks medium rare and both were EXTREMELY rare.  To top it off, the knives were poorly sharpened so we both sat there mauling our meat with sub-par knives.  And where I expect ribeyes to be fatty to an extent, the 12oz that I ordered was at least 1/3 fat, which was disappointing.  My baked potato was pretty undercooked and hard in places.  I also asked for sour cream and chives and was charged $2 extra...not sure what for, maybe because I asked for 2 toppings instead of one?  The asparagus was very tasty though.We took our almost 11 year old with us and I was absolutely disgusted with their kid's menu.  Only one semi healthy thing on the menu.  My son was grossed out by a FRIED peanut butter and jelly (for dinner really??).  Since it's a steakhouse and he loves steak he was looking forward to getting a kid's steak meal...they had none.  Why does a steakhouse have no steak for the kids?  He settled on the pasta, but the side is french fries which he typically prefers fresh fruit, veggies, or a salad.  He was informed that they do not have fruit and was informed that veggies or salad do not come with the kid's meals only fries (or sweet potato fries for an extra $2).  He was very bummed to be going to a steakhouse and he ends up with pasta and marinara sauce and french fries that he didn't even eat.  Not sure why giving the kid a salad instead of fries was not okay.  He said the pasta was okay but said the sauce just tasted like plain tomatoe sauce with nothing in it.  I find it hard to support a place that doesn't even offer a healthy option for kids who choose to eat healthier.  NOt sure why when they offer veggies and salads for the adults they can't make that a side choice for the kids that would prefer it and why they couldn't offer a 3oz grilled sirloin for the kids who would want it.  Honestly, when Texas Roadhouse is down the road, a good $5-$6 per meal cheaper, offers healthier side options for kids as well as steak for the kids, and I've never had an issue ordering the prime rib there or having my steak over or undercooked either.   Very sad about that, because I enjoy promoting and supporting the local busineses and I LOVED that not only is it a locally owned business but the owners also live locally and my son got a HUGE kick out of the decor of this place and the story behind it as well.  But, I found the prices to be a good $5-$6 higher than they really should be, the kid's menu poorly done, and the food to be just okay, so I probably would not spend the extra money to return.
1	I Am NEVER going back to this place.  I wanted to like it with how far we had to drive to meet up with our friends who are regulars to this place. So given the fact that they are regulars I thought the service would be at least decent but it was no where near decent. The Bartender that my boyfriend nicknamed b/c of how pissed off he was with her (and i was completely baffled and taken back by her attitude, i don't know how she is working at a place that has a lot of people coming in and out.). We had arrived and were gonna grab a few beers or two and possibly some food to go along with it.  But when my boyfriend had asked politely if she could do us a favor and possibly change the game from the nebraska and ohio football game to the MLB playoffs(giants and reds) as we are from the bay area originally.  Her first response to a favor was "PROBABLY NOT" WOW!!! Really?!  She stated people were watching the football game but there was nobody around the bar except our friends who were definitely not watching that!!After that incident we decided to walk across the parking lot to TCs where we had some AMAZING  service unlike Trophys! NEVER AGAIN!!!!!Worst Bartender of the year goes to that lady.How our friends from chandler drive alllll the way to this location/establishment is beyond me but it is no where near worth the miles and gas in our opinion.Bad service makes even food taste bad and given the fact that the rating isnt too impressive makes me dislike this place less. If i could give zero stars I would.
1	Sorry, but the food was terrible, bland and tasteless.  I purchased a Groupon, hoping to find a new gem, but was sorely disappointed.  The kangaroo was like chewing on tire tread.  They need a new chef.
4	Awesome Beer selection.  I've also dined here several times - the salmon salad is delish and the sliders and wings are my go-to while at the bar.  Really hoping this place sticks around.  Beautifully decorated and clean.   Can't wait to use my Groupon!
3	Uniquely different. Place has potential to do well but...  Have a couple of unusual game items on the menu, but then rest of me is basic "bar" menu. Not sue if they want to be restaurant or Bar / Grill.  What we ordered was good. Service was a bit week. Server never brought bread to our table an we learned of specials after we ate.  Is what it is... Don't expect more
3	The hostess was not very welcoming, it was like she was disinterested or really didn't want to be at work today. The restaurant was half-empty but it still took 5 minutes for us to be seated. Waitress was very friendly and knowledgable with the menu. The food took a little while, but not an absorbent amount of time. I ordered the filet and the lady ordered the ribs. I asked for medium, and the steak was medium rare. It was still nicely seasoned and tasted good. I don't think it was worth $27, the side of mashed potatoes was good but the gravy looked like it was a day old. The steamed carrots were excellent and the asparagus rubbery. The regular fries were pretty good as well. The half rack of baby back ribs was good, but the BBQ sauce slathered on top was a little too smoky for my taste. The side slaw was runny and unappetizing, however the sweet potato fries were tasty. Overall- we found the place to be more of a novelty restaurant, than a weekly dinner stop. And PS, if you don't like dead animals, don't come here, there's plenty on the walls.
1	We bought a groupon to here, worst service I have ever seen. Wrong food brought to us, waiter was  horrible at bringing us refills on drinks. Keep messing up on our tickets to check out. Needless to say 2:30 hours later we were finally able to leave. Stay away from this place. Only thing good is there bread putting :)We went one week later with another couple because they had a gift card. Different waiter same issue, they just wanted to leave after only being there for 30 min. Seriously think twice about going here
1	I didn't understand the name Trophy's until we were inside the restaurant.... (and - shouldn't it be Trophies anyway?). It was like walking into a mausoleum of murdered animals - not only deer, caribou, elk and moose -  but also a plethora of animals that are not hunted for meat, such as a polar bear, other bears, a wolf, fox and cougar - total of 29 stuffed animals, proudly on display. What is the purpose of hunting these animals other than killing for pleasure? The story about the owner and how his family sacrificed for him so he could go hunting didn't improve the ambiance. The food was mediocre at best, the service super slow - it took over 30 minutes to get 2 hamburgers, and there was only one other party in the restaurant at the time.We will NEVER go back.
5	I read all the crappy reviews and decided I'd make my own decision. Took my wife here for a date and I'm glad we did! She ordered prime rib and me the ribeye medium. It came with a large ceasers salad baked potato and fresh grilled vegtables. The prime rib and ribeye just melted in my mouth. The homeade brews were great as well. The service was smooth and efficent! Loved the atmosphere and we didnt have to wait in line like at all those other well known reseraunts. I hope you guys stay away from this place so we wont ever have to wait in line. GOOD JOB TROPHIES!
4	We came here twice during a brief visit to Arizona.  The second time they were short staffed and service was slow, but the first time the service was decent.  Both times the food (sirloin steak) was excellent.  Cooked to the perfect temperature and very flavorful.  The beer selection was good, but they were out of the one beer I would really have wanted.  Oh well, maybe next time.Both times we were here we all ordered the sirloin steak, so I can't say how good their other food was, but I don't know if I will ever need to try another dish.  We'll certainly stop in the next time we're in Arizona.
4	We really liked Trophy's - probably the best steak I've ever eaten and always consistent.  The service was sometime inexplicably slow and one New Year's Eve, my husband had to show our very young waitress how to pour a glass of champagne, but overall, it's been great.  I'm hoping the the change to the Wildside Grill will be just as good.As far as the owners are concerned, we've spoken to them several time over the past few years, and they have been nothing less than friendly, welcoming and very service-oriented.  One evening Mrs. Dettler even gave my young son a stuffed teddy bear (they were giving them to all the youngsters).  I thing they are very nice people who are trying very hard to give QC a unique eating experience and learning along the way.
1	NOTE: They have changed name to "Wildfire Grill". Mediocre food, awful service.We stopped for dinner after our grandsons baseball game. After 45 minutes of waiting, I asked about order status and we talked to the manager, who told us that they had a couple of large tables and our order was coming right up. (BTW, there were two tables of 8 or so, but not that crowded.)  More time passed and when the order finally arrived, the fries were cold and my patty melt was on rye bread not toasted. My wife's soup was all noodles, not much else. At least the kids liked their food. (hard to mess up mac and cheese I guess)Manager came back with a gift card for "next time you come back". I returned card explaining to him that I will not be returning. He left with an attitude of "... well, I tried, you jerk." No effort to make my experience anything but awful.I had to pay cash for my meal, since it took them another 10 minutes to even get me my bill, I did not want to spend another 10 minutes waiting for them to process.We had been here before with much better service and food. Will not be returning.
4	My husband and I love this place! We just moved in across te street and have made this our new lunch and dinner spot. The food is amazing and with different options typically not found here in the desert - such as kangaroo and buffalo te. Etc. it's definitely an experience. The staff is super friendly .. U must try!
1	Horrible service and sub par food! They just recently changed the name from trophies to the wild side grill, my boyfriend and I had dined here before the name change and had a horrible experience! Once the name changed we decided to go back and try again in hopes it was under different management and the menu may have change. We live close and like to go out once a week and we hoped this could be a new date night spot. Not the case at all! Same horrible service, same so so menu, the only thing different was the menus where not as nicely printed as before. I don't know who the manager is, or if there is one but the lack there of showed! The staff is not familiar with the menu, not helpful, and not well trained! We were there for one drink, which took at least ten minuites to get, and we were once again so disappointed we decided to go next door to TC's. Not worth a second look!!! We now have a running bet to see how long it will take to go under.
