3	Very friendly and good selection
4	I found this place while also checking out Chronic tacos. I am a HUGE fan of smoothie type Asian influenced drinks.Since I found this place over the past month, I have been here maybe 8 or 9 times? The inside is very clean. The available fruits are on a board to the right when you first walk in.You can make whatever smoothie combo you like. Personally,I have found peach-passionfruit-kumquat to my liking. I might switch one out for mango or try something else. When ordering, I would recommend the "magic boba". This boba is slightly different, in that there is a new flavor burst right inside this tapioca treat! I usually get the lychee or the mango "magic boba".I do have one small complaint. There is only one size. I would gladly pay a little extra and have a choice of a larger size. On the other end, I would like to see a kids size, as my kids do not want as much as myself. I've had their bulgogi musubi recently. It was a bit bigger of a musubi bar than I expected. However, I think it might have had less than 1 oz of beef. While not expecting a 4 oz steak on my musubi, I would have liked another thin layer of bulgogi on the musubi.I do recommend checking out this spot for great Magic Boba! Glad to support a local mom & pop business.
4	I am glad we finally have a boba/tea place up in Summerlin. It is cheap and good for the summer. I was amazed how good their spam musubi was!
5	While stopping off at Trader Joe's for some goodies to bring back home, my mind started its auto-pilot search for happiness.  And what makes me most happy are bubble drinks!  So I yelped for a place nearby and found Paradise Boba Tea and Smoothie.  I ordered the milk tea bubble drink and it was really tasty.  They have a poster about the boba so I had some confidence that they knew their stuff.  I can't stand it when the tapioca pearls are too mushy. So gross!  And I get the milk teas strictly for the boba! They also serve spam musubis so we gathered the owners might be from Hawaii.  They have beignets on the menu! Wish I had been hungry enough to try those too. It was such a pleasant find on my vacation to Las Vegas.  Would definitely come back again.
4	Boba drinks are fairly priced. They have many different kinds of boba drinks too, but you have to ask for an explanation. I wish they had descriptions on the menu, instead of just the name. Extras, such as boba, lychee  jelly, egg custard, etc. are $0.50 each.The also have musubi and a few finger foods. I tried the spam musubi and it was the BOMB! They ask if you want to have your rice 'seasoned', don't hesitate and say yes! Trust me.There is not much seating here. When I came in, there were 2 tables and less than 10 chairs. This place is not for group eating. It is cozy.Overall, I think this place is great. Good boba, good musubi, what else could you ask for? Plus, the employees are super nice. I wish they had punch cards; I was never offered one.
3	Instead of heading to McDonald's before work one day, I decided to wander around The Trails Center to check out some of the other businesses. I saw Paradise Boba Tea and Smoothie, stared, and wondered whether it was too good to be true. A boba place in Summerlin? No way.I like fresh ingredients better, so the powdered flavorings along the wall turned me off from ordering any drinks that include them. After checking out their extensive menu, I decided on a honey green tea with boba. The chewiness of the boba was okay, but the tea had a little too much honey or sweetener in it.I might check it out again to try the beignets and musubi, but still on the fence about the boba.
5	I love this place...I'm here so much I should just live outside the door...they are friendly an sometimes they slack and work slow but after my first sip of my guava smoothie with passion fruit magic Boba I forget about them being slow...the spam musubi is actually pretty good as well...only thing is I wish there was seating inside when it's a hot day:(
5	The owners here are so welcoming.  As a dentist, I have never appreciated drinks that have a lot of sugar in them.  I'm a huge fan of unsweetened ice teas with boba.  A little bit of lychee or a bit of lychee syrup never hurt anyone though!  But anyway, on spring mountain, sometimes it's hard to communicate that I just want a weeeeee bit of lychee syrup in my drink, there is usually a language barrier.  The order usually comes out wrong.I had the same expectations coming here.  But I was really surprised about the results.  While the owner was making my drink, she asked me to take a sip to see if it was too sweet or not sweet enough.  Such a nice gesture.  I felt like a kid though, because she was holding the straw as I was leaning in to sip it.  It still makes me laugh thinking about it.So anyway, try this order... unsweetened black tea with boba and fresh lychee, and if that is not available, just a touch of lychee syrup for sweetness.  Perfection in a cup!!
3	The spam musubi is AMAZING !! Always loved the spam musubi and having this made the spot in my stomach . The boba is okay. I got the mango smoothie with boba and it wasnt as great as I would have liked it to be. The mango smoothie is supposed to be made with yogurt or something to make it thicker but here it was just made with ice. That is  a mango slush. Yes, there is a difference. The boba wasn't all that great either. It was soft and chewy, but rather hard and chunky.I probably wouldn't come here for boba, but I would come back for the spam musubi
4	This place is in my neck of the woods, across the street from my gym, but I've never been here until tonight.  My son and I stopped by after a workout and the place was deserted, but it was 7:30 pm on a Tuesday night in Summerlin; things are not exactly popping off at that time.  What seemed to be a father and son behind the counter served us with courtesy and efficiency.  The menu is kind of a mish-mash: the expected smoothies, boba milk teas, regular teas, but also Musubis, beignets, and custard pies.  I really wanted Spam Musubi, but that will have to wait until Easter and after.  Tonight, I opted for a honey boba tea ($3.25) and the teen chose to order 3 beignets ($2.25)--we obviously believe in dessert before dinner.  I enjoyed my drink and it's always a good sign when I've drunk all the tea and there's still boba at the bottom of the cup to chew on--no stinginess with the tapioca here.  I sampled one of the square beignets and it was fresh out of the oven, covered in lots of powdered sugar and tasty like it should be.  Too bad it took us this long to stop by, but we'll be back on the regular, I can tell.
2	Unfortunately, I found nothing good from this place. The musubi fell apart and I could taste it's from dry leftover rice. The magic boba isn't boba at all. The french donut is probably the only good thing but it took them more than 20 minutes to get my order of 3 items and I'm the only customer in the store.
4	Very good boba, and plenty of flavors to mix/match and choose from. Prices are reasonable, and also offer a 'buy 10 get 1 free' card. The ding is for not posting an hours of operation sign. Yelp says they open at 10, we showed up once at 11 with no one there, come to find out they open at 11:30.Overall a good drink spot near the Summerlin library! Filipino owned!
4	I just got done with one of those intense workouts at 24hr Fitness.  I admit, I was so spent after the session that I was barely awake by the time we were done. Then I hear the words "baby, I'm taking you to paradise tonight".  Well, that's one way to wake me up with the quickness. Only obvious with what I was thinking.  But moted I was. The gurlpren meant she's taking me to Paradise Boba Tea and Smoothie for our post workout treat.  Hah...good trick to boost my energy and it worked.  Paradise is a family owned business that sells boba, milk teas, smoothies, and even some food.  I didn't even know this place existed, but it's here.  Here in Summerlin tucked in the shopping center across from 24hr Fitness.  The owners here are so nice and even threw some compliments our way. And who doesn't love compliments?  Well anyways, I had their Mocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba. The combination of mocha and peanut butter meant a really sweet treat.  I thought it was also too thick, but that should be expected, especially with the flavors I chose.  The boba was warm and silky smooth, which only enhanced the smoothie.  Overall, not bad at all and for an additional cost, you can even have whey protein added to it. But I didn't stop there. I had to try their spam masubi.  The spam masubi was a little small, but still packed a punch with flavor.  In other words, I wasn't disappointed with it.  I'm giving Paradise 4 stars for location, service, and taste.  Smoothies w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tcY0Qsb7YrZrlEpSluYegQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQMocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FUkoYibAsAPkKEwbx-1mPg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQTinidor:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQSpam Masubi:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oRS-N64Won-34DlSiZqXxQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	I love this place! Small little shop in the village square plaza (I don't know the name of the plaza...) with some very nice owners. The milk tea is awesome, but I always get the lychee smoothie with boba and lychee jelly...I'm weird like that...but, I love this place!
4	Really legit boba tea here.  It's a great balance of sweetness, tea, and really bubbly boba. Its not like some places where you feel like they forgot that theres tea in boba milk TEA (looking at you Tea Station!) So what I am saying is you can actually taste the tea here! Really good jasmine tea here too. Bad thing is that there is nowhere to chill inside this place. and they dont turn on the a/c very high so its too hot to sit down at any of the few tables that they do have.
4	Gotta get the Chicken Katsu Musubi  The Fish Musubi was a pleasant surprise, as well.
3	Their teas are a little too sweet for me but they serve Hawaiian food. Good spam musubi and macaroni salad.
1	The service here is extremely lacking. I should have known it was horrible based on the lack of customers when all of the neighboring businesses were packed. Tea and good were horrible. Pass on this business
