4	Ask for Ken he is an Amazing nail sculpture and can do just about anything! I only have him do my nails so I can only speak for his work.I wanted a set of pink and whites and I explained I wanted the pink very dark, he did gel and used a very dark hot pink which was perfect!The work and effort he puts into my nail creation is incredible, he takes his time and is a perfectionist which I love!I am so spoiled by his work I refuse to go anywhere else so if he gives up the nail profession in the future I will be screwed!I will post a photo next time for sure as I have been so busy during my birthday month that I totally forgot.Don't forget to ask for Ken!Go ahead girl and get your nails did! lol
5	Last minute before I head out to an event, I needed to have my nails done.  I drove by Rainbow Nails and decided to give it a try. Met with Diana(owner).she was so kind and squeezed me into her tight schedule.  And in half an hour ---my nails look awesome!  This is my new nails shop to go from now on!everyone should chk out this place.
5	So happy to find that Diana from Luxury Nails now has her own shop. She is meticulous and always does a phenomenal job on my gels. My nails look fabulous for weeks.
5	I havie been going to Diana for a number of years and thrilled she has her own shop. She does an amazing job on my feet and nails.
5	Was looking for a place nearby while getting my car fixed.  Found Rainbow Nails on Yelp so I called.  They got me in with 10 minutes notice.   Ken did a fill for me and painted an awesome pink and black flower.  In and out in under an hour.   Was very impressed with this shop.  Bad news is that now I will have a bit of a drive from home to get my nails done.  I'll give them a little more notice that I'm coming next time, but I'll definitely be asking for Ken!!
5	Diana previously worked at Luxury Nails which is right around the corner from my house.  Everyone at Luxury is very nice, but you will not find anyone, anywhere who is better than Diana at gel manicures.  Needless to say, when she decided to open her own shop, I followed her.  Diana is well worth the drive.  She takes her work very seriously and always makes sure her clients are happy.  I have never left disappointed and tell all my friends about her.  I am hopelessly indecisive, and she takes the time to help me pick out colors and throw out suggestions.  She also does great pedicures but those are a dime a dozen.  Getting a good gel mani in this town is like searching for a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow.  Your search ends at Rainbow Nails.  She is the absolute best!
5	Quick overview: Last Friday, I asked my sister in law where she gets her gel manicures done as I've finally decided to leave the archaic, drab ways of acrylics and move on to the colorful world of gels. Luxury nails- and alas the yelp search began. I must admit I was quite nervous as I read thru the not so ravishing reviews they've gotten from fellow yelpers. Hmmmm, I should probably try some place else.Sunday came and my SIL calls, she said "Let's get our nails done before family dinner". She picked me up around 3, as she was driving toward Luxury Nail's direction she started telling me how she was sad that her favorite nail artist was no longer there. I proceeded to ask what her name was, Diana she said. I had a huge smile on my face and told her I knew exactly where to find her. Thus our journey ended at Diana's nail shop where my SIL was reunited with her nail goddess. All thanks to YELP! So as promised by my SIL, my first experience with gel manicures with Diana was A+ and then some more. She explained to me what the process was, with the array of vibrant colors they offer it was pretty overwhelming to choose but with her help we opted with Black Diamond. The total experience was nothing short of spectacular. It was a day well spent catching up and pampering. So glad to have found a go to spot to kick my shoes off and just relax. Until next time...
5	Diana has been doing my nails and feet for years now and she is the best by far. She does a FANTASTIC JOB and is so very nice. I would recommend her to anyone
1	The worst place, rude employees, i comeOver to repair just one finger, and they just say wait nothing else, how long or I don't know i am very disappointed
5	For $25 I got a pedicure with callus remover and salt scrub. The women were super nice, they used clean tools, no pressured up sell and I left a satisfied customer. Thumbs up!!
1	This shop is a Joke and so is the owner. Please ladies if you value your nails and money do not come here. They do terrible work and try and tell you its great. The sad part this was done on Christmas Eve and something simple as a fill. Trash salon and terrible customer service!!! The shop owner knew the job was done terrible. Keep in mind ladies when you get gel work done they tell you to wash your hands and not cleanse the nail with alcohol to set the gel coat! Like every other nail salon! Simple nail shop basics. OWNER COULD CARE LESS!!!!!
1	This place is terrible - told me $20 ended Up paying $60 & didn't even like emNever again
1	Just wanted to add that it was only 6 days of having my nails & 2 broke off!Unbelievable
