5	Marven's is a Montreal-Greek institution, forget Kojax, Arahova Souvlaki, Souvlaki George and any of the other imitators, Marven's is the real McCoy and offers the best damn souvlaki in Montreal and increasingly one of the rare spots to offer lamb souvlaki, the original way it's made in Greece. Marven's also offers easily the best deep fried calamari in Montreal. Light, crunchy and melt-in-your-mouth goodness!There's a reason why there is a virtual line up for a seat here practically every night of the week: the food is amazing, it's as authentic as it gets, huge portions (enough to feed a horse for a week) and very, very reasonable prices. Every Greek person I know in Montreal makes a regular pilgrimage to Marvens and you should too. Yes, service is brisk, the waiters and waitresses are constantly on the go but they're always friendly.Ok, so the decor is a bit on the tacky side, but so what? Marven's is a place to eat, not to sit pretty.BTW, this is NOT first date friendly food. While the tsaziki is delicious, it's also very garlicky.I've been coming here since the 1970s as a kid, so even if calamari or souvlaki isn't your thing, the quails, the lamb chops and the steak with smothered mushrooms are also winners. (We've been ordering tubs of the lamb chops as part of our Christmas and Ramadan potlucks in our family for years now and they are ALWAYS the first things to disappear!)
5	The best place to get Calimari.  The portions are huge and the price is low.   The ambience is not the greatest, but the quality of the food makes up for it.   Due to the limited space, sometimes my friends and I would have to share a table with other people.  This is common for the restaurant.  After a while, it has a good communal feel.I will definitely being going back here.
4	Was told about this place and finally got to try and was not disappointed.  The fried calamari plate to share (I say this because it is huge), is one of the best of it's kind, not too battered or oily which in and of itself is hard to find.  Last time there we were 6 people so we ordered a Greek salad for everyone to share the calamari plate, the cold and hot pikilia sample  platters, and the mixed grilled plate. Everything was delish, lamb,quail,pork et al..  We all ate and had leftovers and trust me I was with some serious eaters, the cost was really reasonable (while we did not drink much due to over indulging the night before), tax and generous tip was about 170 for 7 peoples!,the decor is kitch to the max but just lends itself to the meal making you feel like you have just eaten in someones uncles basement for a family get together, the staff is nice and you can tell they take pride in their place so oohing and awing over each dish makes them even happier....
4	A Montreal institution when it comes to casual Greek food! I am writing these words and I can still feel my garlic breath from the delicious tzatziki sauce! :)I saw that a good majority of the patrons ordered the fried calamari for starters. And for good reasons: they are delicious, flavorful and had a nice texture! The batter was light, crunchy, yet not too oily. Like everything in this restaurant, the portion is really big. I had a plate of pork souvlaki pita, chicken gyro pita along with the standard fries, rice and Greek salad. The pork souvlaki was one of the best I had in ages) and the chicken gyro was juicy and very reminiscent of Lebanese chicken shawarma (not necessarily a bad thing!).Please note that it's cash only. The portion are huge. So one appetizer and one main course might be enough for 2. The seats are communal, which makes it pretty neat actually but probably not a great spot for a first date!
4	I love this place! The fantastic sauce on their potatoes are to die for. The warps are well made.Staff is really friendly, but always in a rush. This is a really small hole in the wall. Sometimes there is a ling just for takeout. Food is amazing, you will not regret it, and the prices are good.The decor is out of date with a huge moose head on the wall. It is also a elbow to elbow type of seating all day long.
2	Went there last night. I had mixed feeling about going because of all the negative recent reviews.I had no problem walking in at 7 PM and getting a table. My friend told me after that 15 years ago, the lineups started around the block. I don't know what happened (whether they changed owners or just chefs) but it was mediocre food at best. A lot changes in 15 years and there are so many new and better restaurants for the same price (i.e. Jardin des puits on Villeneuve)Calamari starter was bland. I have no problem with frozen calamari but the texture was rubbery and the "sauce" on the table was just not good.I had the chicken brochette plate. The fries were decent although a bit greasy, The chicken was charred and super dry and the rice wasn't anything special. Such a shame. I had high expectations but the wait staff were friendly.
5	If there is one thing I need to say is ORDER THE CALAMARI! They are the best you'll ever have, tender, crispy, just wonderful!Once you get through those, have the awesome pita's filled to the brim, and the tzatziki Oh soooo good.The communal tables are a little outdated but who cares the food is so totally worth it.
3	I would like to start off by saying that I like this restaurant and that I will return. So if the owner or staff see this.... please be nice to my food when I go back.I wanted to order one of the 7 white wines on the menu. The waiter says we only have 1 of those 7. OK great start. Red wine was also in short supply. I order a platter with fries, salad and rice. The rice doesn't show up. I ask about the rice... "We ran our of rice" on a Friday at 7pm! Really.... OK. "I'll bring you rice on a side plate when it's ready" That was 4 hours ago, I'm still waiting for that rice. I once ordered a Greek salad that was anything but Greek. There was more lettuce than you would find in a Caesar.I can proudly say that what did arrive at my table was great. Service was nice. But would it kill them to get tables for 2? There's aren't any! I had to share a table with some old people. And it's ok to renovate a restaurant every 20-30 years. 3 stars is harsh. I would have preferred to be able to put 3.5.
5	Marvens is a Greek restaurant. Service is really good and so is the food. But the only problem is the tzatziki. You must order some on the side because they serve very little in the souvlakie pita's.
2	I've been going to Marven's for 30 years. It was one of the places in the city that I could take out of towners and have them rave about it. That has changed. The last couple of times were not good. You can tell right away that the meat had changed. Every cube on the stick was the same size which leads me to believe that they have subbed out the meat process, which they used to do in the kitchen. My suspicions were confirmed when I bit into it. It tasted very bland. I'm sad to say that I won't be going back. Too bad. I used to love it.
5	Authentic Greek food for a small amount of money! Excellent service and great food
3	I have been going to Marvens since the mid 70's, in fact the know this place when it was a dep and then a pizza joint. Owners have been friends from way back. But as we all know times change.  Marvens used to be a 5 star for many many years and leaders in the souvlaki biz. But something went wrong about 7 years ago. Now its all about the money and turnover. Would I go back?? Hell yes I would, its part of me. Their portions are still big, quails used to be amazing but not anymore. Salads not as good as I remember but the Calamari is still good and yero is still decent. Bathrooms there were always gross and then one day they fixed them up but it did not take long before they were back to gross. Avoid going down there. They never took time to keep them clean. Service is poor, same people for years...The girls just do not smile, I remember them b=from way back then when they were pretty and smiled for their tips now they just dont care. Would I recommend this place?? Yes!!! But they are not the leaders anymore....they gave up the title a long time ago.Shame
2	It must be a new management/owner because the plate of fried calamari is really very small compared to what it was even last year (and more expensive). Before, you could share a plate with your other half, but now you have to eat also the whole basket of bread to fill full. That's sad because Marven used to be a great place to eat calamari and drink ouzo.
4	Go Greek! Good fried calamari, fresh salad, prime ribs, and gyros.  Very good meal overall. They are always busy.  I come for the salad, calamari, and fries.  That is the main dish everyone eats..just look around lol.
2	A decent Greek restaurant, we order lamb rib, pita and calamari. Nothing really stands out.
3	It used to be better back in the days.I'm more of a quality over quantity of a person, and even before, it used to be more generous than now, and it also used to be yummier.Fried Calamari plate is over oily, soggy, non-crunchy anymore, and it's smaller. Again, I don't care about size because I have a small stomach anyway.The rice is a bit rough and hard to chew on when I ordered a gyro plate. Although, the meat is still good. Lamb chops are still excellent, the gyro I had was fantastic.So there are ups and downs, but it's still a good place to eat.Don't let 3 stars fool you, Marven's is still a great spot.
4	Best fried calamari in Mtl!!! That's it, That's all.The place is always packed. cash only, cheap, large portions and quick service.Not my favorite gyro because the tzatziki sauce was too tangy and not salty enough for me, but that's personal preference. It is one of the best deals in town.Now take it and go...
2	I give this establishment 2.5 stars. It's true that the portions are huge for what you're paying, but really, the food was just like any food court Greek place.The calamari was probably the best thing I had.The above would have earned it 3.5 stars for me. Where things went down hill was how cramped everything is. I was pregnant (but not huge) at the time and being short, it was hard to move around without having to go on my tiptoes so I could squeeze between tables and chairs. It just seemed like they try to squeeze in as many people as they can in a confined amount of space.The line up was indeed long. In the end, for the food and service we received, it was not worth the wait and therefore, we never returned.
3	Faut etre honnete c'est pas le meilleur restaurant grecque a Montreal. Pourquoi les gens l'aiment tant que ca: les portions enormes pour le prix. Les calmars frits sont tres bons, meme si ils n'ont rien de special, sont pas cher la livre, mettons. La salade est bonne, le steak est enorme...et puis ca fait un peu cabane a sucre, c'est tres convivial pour la famille. Ce que j'aime moins, les souvlakis sont vraiment ordinaires, le pain pita est pas bon et la sauce tzatiki est juste correct. La viande manque de ce petit cote grecque qu'on reussit jamais a recreer a la maison? Pis le line-up...c'est plate attendre pour manger quand tu as faim.
5	Been coming here for years and it never seems to lessen in quality or service. The decor used to be a lot tackier with the stuffed bear, moose and horse heads but has calmed down considerably over the years (to my dismay!). The servers are prompt and really friendly- the type of server where when it comes to tip, you open up your wallet and say "take all the monies!"We were a party of four and ordered two gyro plates (each has two pitas), a calimari, and a tzaziki. So. Much. Food. The plates are crazy packed with fries, rice, the gyros, a massive salad with your feta, olive and peppers. It's perfect for two people, but an ordeal for one. We ordered the larger calimari to share and again, way more was given than what was needed to feed four people. They were crisp and fresh, super light, and totally hit the spot. The only criticism is that the smaller pieces were slightly overdone, as it took on a more rubbery texture. But that could just be me trying to be an amateur food critic.Just go-- and get ready to roll out of this place. Or if you're normal, you'll limit yourself and ask for a takeout box.
4	Best lamb in town. Great fast service.
