5	If this isn't love than I don't know what is! I headed off for a Cubs game on my spring break, thanking the lucky starts I had entered the field of education, complete with bottom of the barrel salaries and a lifetime of spring breaks!I had briefly looked up a few stadiums around town after listening to others go on and on about how great this 'spring training' in Phoenix gig is.  We decided on Hohokam mainly for the team (my boyfriend is a Cubs fan), and secondly for the stadium, supposedly complete with Chicago style dogs and old style brew.  When we arrived I noticed herds of people happily walking from far away parking lots for the sold-out game.  Sold out! On a Thursday for spring training! Yes it's true but luckily we scored 3 lawn seats (just what I was looking for a grassy spot in the sun), for just over double the $6 face value.  After beering up and finding our perfect spot I proceeded to watch not a second of baseball.  However, I did use the innings as a measure of when I should get another beer, or checkout the Italian sausage sandwich, and yes I have been craving it everyday since!Spring training is a blast I HIGHLY recommend it for all!
3	If you are a Chicago Cubs fan, I am sure you have been here.  If you haven't been lately, you are missing out.  While the Cubs have been training in Mesa since the 50's, Hohokam, in its current incarnation, is only about 10 years old.  It is well designed and have a much better layout than the previous version.Getting to Hohokam used to be a chore but with the 202 stopping a couple miles from the gates, traffic is a breeze.  The best thing to do is to get off on McKellips, go down to Center, and pray for free parking.  Keep a watchful eye out because many of the neighborhoods have permit parking signs that will make your car disappear if you leave it there.  The alternative is to park in the area south of Brown along Pasadena.  Despite claims from the City of Mesa, there is no easy way to get to the ballpark from the lightrail.  The Buzz (free Mesa shuttle) doesn't come close to the lightrail stop so you are stuck driving or playing the bus transfer game.Once you make it to Hohokam, one of the nicest parts is the grass parking that invited tailgating.  This is a Cub tradition that has spanned my entire life.  When you get inside, you will find another enclosed concourse just like Scottsdale.  This can be aggravating but is reminiscent of Wrigley Field.  The area outside the bases is more open and features the independent food vendors.  Most of which, are pretty good, but nothing special.  Look for the Island Noodles guy.The grass seating is pretty good but is usually pretty crowded.  Pale Chicagoans shed as much clothing as possible in this area and it tends to make for some interesting sights.  There are beautiful bodies and then there are guys who you would think came right out of the 'Da Bears' SNL skit.  The most annoying part of the grass, by far, is Ronny Woo-Woo and his constant chanting.The regular seats are nothing special.  Some areas are tighter than others and there doesn't seem to be a correlation between price of seat and amount of seat like many parks.  Expect to pay a lot for tickets, especially if you are buying them off the streets.The Cubs main practice facility is about a mile south of Hohokam but they do take BP on the field directly north of the stadium.  If you enter the stadium through the Center Field gates, you can usually catch a few players through the fence.  It is really a bad stadium for autographs.  The players do not seem to want to sign and the stadium makes it easy for them to avoid you.  Players will come down the first base line to get to the dugout and that makes for the best place to catch them.It is hard to not like Hohokam, especially if you are a Cubs fan.  It feels a lot like Wrigley West.  It is surrounded by a neighborhood and mixes beer (Old Style, at that), beautiful bodies, and baseball about as well as anywhere this side of Waveland Ave.  If you aren't a Cubs fan, you probably won't find this place to be all that great but it is somewhere that any baseball fan should check out, at least once.
4	I am a Dodger Fan first, and i really appreciate great stadiums, i have never been to Wrigley Field, but i do have to admit they have a nice spring training facility here. The grounds are really well kept, and the seating is incredible. The food and drink selection is good, and i did try a great Strawberry Lemonade. Unfortunately the game i was attending to watch the Cubs vs. The Dodgers was rained out and canceled. So hope to see this match up next year if the schedule permits. Stadium staff and very helpful and nice. If your a Cub's Fan, and have yet to visit this spot or just want to see a nice spring training game, come out and enjoy it yourself, i am sure you will not be disappointed.
4	I have never been to Spring Training before this year but had the opportunity to go and see the Cubs play in Hohokam Stadium. I've not yet made it out to Chicago to see them play at Wrigley Field but I would say that Hohokam Stadium was pretty sweet. My mother and I were spoiled at the stadium; we had a parking pass to park in the players parking lot and we had excellent seats right behind home plate in the family section. The only down side to sitting right behind home plate is the fact that you are in the shade. You see all the people down the first and third base lines in shorts and t-shirts and we were in coats and jeans. The stadium itself is easy to maneuver around in, plenty of vendors to choose from, Cubbie gear, and restrooms to meet the hundreds of Cubs fans! All in all Hohokam Stadium is very nice and I hope to visit again someday.
3	Dated, but nice.  Good Chicago hot dogs and they sell Old Style beer!  Can't beat that!
5	great stadium and great food!
5	I dont know why they are planning on rebuilding this stadium again because its one of the best spring training stadiums that there is.I always look forward coming here every year.Best seats are behind home plate in the 200's in the shade.
1	This place is a dump. The parking is atrocious and is the main reason why I will never attend a Cubs Spring Training game in Mesa. It took 45 minutes from Center Street and McKellips to park our car. As you are driving about 1 mile an hour or less for 45 minutes. The parking was next to a residential area that had a throng of people selling parking and two lines of cars slowly inching forward with no idea where the end was and no signage to give the paying fan a clue as to what was going on. I heard this banging on my car which I thought was some gang banger or some overzealous resident trying to sell parking. It turned out to be a parking attendant that had the balls to bang on my Mercedes. This is not a fawking rental car and do you think I was trying to get away without paying $5 bucks for parking? First of all get in the proper position where you can make eye contact with the driver and maybe you can jog and get the driver's attention before you go banging on someone's car. Remember, I am driving at less than one mile per hour.I think you get the point, I rather spend my money at a restaurant in Scottsdale or Phoenix instead of wasting any of my money at Hohokam Park.
3	My first Cubs spring training experience took me to the ghetto of Mesa, AZ. I didn't have any expectation going in other than I was going to see the Cubs kick the White Sox's ass, so I was neither pleasantly surprises or horribly disgusted.Tickets in the grass behind the outfield wall are a great deal ($8!) and there is plenty of food and drink to go around. The parking is a little bit of a nightmare, but I could accept it being that it was only $5. Entering and exiting the park was kind of a nightmare, waiting in line for what seemed like FOREVER, so I recommend you get there a little bit early to enjoy the sights and sounds.If you can afford it, I highly recommend seats behind the plate. What an amazing view! Overall, this isn't the nicest park in the Cactus League, but at least I'm not paying $20 for grass seats and $15 for parking!
4	Stadium is small for home of Cubs spring camp, but plenty seating for small scale events, shade by three in afternoon most upper deck, not bad if more breeze were present.   Drove into town from Vegas today just to watch the college baseball tournament going on this weekend. It was a nice venue for this event.  Would definitely come back.
4	This our 8th. trip to spring training and we think we have the ins and outs down pat. If the Cubs don't have a home game we like to go to Fitch Park, about a 1/2 mile east of Ho Ho Kam and watch the baby cubs practice. Parking is free and so is the entrance. You can talk to the players and get autographs of future stars (we hope). On away games, around 10am you can get into Ho ho Kam free and watch the Cubs take batting practice before they load the bus. A great time to get autographs and foul balls. Usually there are only about hundred fans at the park then. We stay in Scottsdale and take McKellips to Center. Park for $5 and tail gate. When we exit the park we head west on Center and stay in the right lane past Mckellips and then u turn. Otherwise you may spend 10 mins. plus waiting to make a left turn. We buy our game tickets thru the Ho Ho Kams who charge a minimum fee and usually get the exact seats we request, sec. 117 by the Cubs dugout, sun to our backs. Have fun.........Joel
5	PUT ME IN COACH!There is nothing like Spring Training Baseball.  It doesn't mean a single thing, so why not put me in. I can't do any worse then the current Cubs. Right!!!It is amazing how many Cubs fans there are in this World.  This stadium is one of the larger ones and it still sells out. The traffic is horrible but it's horrible when you go to Wrigley, so fans should be use to that. Plus people are trying to sell you spots in front of there houses, just like in Wrigley Field. And yes there are scalpers here too. They try to get more then face value but hold out because this is Spring Training. I don't care if I miss the first inning.  Mr. Scalper you'll be begging me to take these tickets off your hands by the second inning. I love how intimate spring training is. You can hear everything on the field and the crowd is really relaxed.  The crowd should be relaxed.  The sun is shinning...it's snowing in Chicago and the Old Style beer is flowing. Yes this is probably the only place in AZ to find an Old Style. I'm sure my AZ Yelpers will correct me but personally I'm not looking for Old Style outside of a Cubs game.  It's just ball park tradition! My buddies and I have had some great times at Spring Training. I once made Jose Mesa blow a game. It was the 9th inning and the Cubs were down by 4 runs. The stadium had emptied out, so my buddies and I moved to the front row. I decided it was time for some home town mojo. I started doing a little razing. Kind of like the copy guy on Saturday Night Live but everything had the word Mesa in it.  The crowd around me was laughing very hard.  If you give me an audience, then I will entertain you.  My favorite part was when Mesa stepped off the rubber, turned his head and gave me the longest stare down.  I think it took every bone in his body not to throw the ball at my head. In fact, the crowd all went, "Oooooooooo!" Yes we were officially in his head. In fact, everyone started chanting with me, "Mesa! Mesa! Mesa!"  It was one of those amazing moments in my many adventures. All I cared about was that the Cubs won the game and I was the extra guy on the field. So technically I was kind of in one Cubs game. Now only if I could make this into a career. There is also a great opportunity to see the Cub players out at the bars in the evening. I remember seeing Sammy Sosa before anyone knew who Sammy Sosa was.  He was just hanging out near a pool table in a bar, while no one cared to even talk to him or get an autograph. I should have made him my BFF that night.  I could have carried his cork bats around for him.If you've never been to Spring Training I highly recommend it. It is a fun time and you get to hang with other Cub fans from around the country, while enjoying a few brews. It is also nice to start working on your tan. Batter up!!!
4	A spring training favorite and the last year it's in service.  I will be fascinated to see what the new stadium feels like.  I'm sure as long as it has beer that is Krausened and people from the St. Charles area, it will be fine.
