5	I have a very old heat pump on the roof of my house and every summer and every winter I have to have someone come to fix it. I have a home warranty so I am at the mercy of whomever the warranty company sends out. This time they sent Superstition Cooling and was I ever thrilled! Craig identified the problem and fixed it right away. He was polite and professional and very efficient. I would HIGHLY recommend Superstition Cooling! Thank you for a great service call.
5	Oh. My. Gawd. I cannot believe this company came from my home warranty company.Usually when you call your home warranty they send out these schmucks who argue and tell you that you're crazy... your heater really is only supposed to pump out 50 degree air and there's no reason for them to be there.  Then they make you wait 8-10 days while they order some parts, and sometimes don't even call you when they get those parts in.  Shawn, our technician, and Superstition Cooling were so different.The woman who called was friendly, helpful, let us know about potential same-day cancellations and alternate times that worked best for us.  Shawn came out, listened to the report that we had on our heater and within an hour he had replaced the bad motor, collected his money, wrote us a receipt, and wished us a good day.  I will hire them even if I don't have a home warranty.  This number is making it into my Google Contacts with the tag "awesome heating and cooling company, must use again".
1	I guess you have to have a contract  or agreement to get them to call you back, but then other company called me right back and my ac blows cold again.
5	I called this morning and they were out within the hour to service my limping AC unit. Courteous, clean, and knowledgeable.  And I should add at a fair price as well.  Shawn is a great asset to this company. Overall, a big thumbs up.
5	Tremendously better than the last Heating and Cooling company that got dispatched.  Took them three weeks to fix an AC that needed replacing in the dead of summer.I submitted the service request late and was called that evening for an appointment; they were out the very next day.Kraig was very polite and was able to resolve the issue (primary air handler condensate line was extremely clogged).I'd recommend them in a heartbeat; and will plan on using them for my seasonal check-ups.
5	These guys are as good as it gets - prompt, knowledgeable, polite, humble, efficient, honest and inexpensive.  I've had them out to my place on three separate occasions and have been delighted with the quality of the service each and every time.  Kraig always takes the time to talk to me and explains exactly what's going on and how to fix it.  He lets me know about upcoming suggested maintenance and has never suggested any unnecessary repairs or equipment.  His transparency and honesty builds a lot of trust -  I wouldn't even consider going elsewhere for my heating/cooling needs.
5	These guys are FANTASTIC! Shawn was AWESOME!  As a woman I really appreciated not being spoken to like I was an idiot. I will definitely be recommending Superstition Cooling to family and friends!
