1	Ok, I'm the kind of girl who grew up staying in motels, so I'm ok with your average Travelodge. This place is your BELOW average Travelodge... Reasons:1. Didn't ask if we were ok with a smoking room (yuck...hotels still allow this?)2. One bath towel, two guests... twice in the same week, with no apology3. Air conditioning sounds louder than a Harley Davidson4. Got back after a full day out (8+ hours) and the room wasn't cleaned5. Front desk didn't seem phased by this when I called to complain I will NOT be staying in a Travelodge again anytime soon. I highly recommend any other hotel than this one if you're planning on staying in Scottsdale.
1	I went into Travelodge knowing that it wasn't going to be a 5 star hotel.However, it was dirtier than I could have imagined. Please don't stay here no matter how inexpensive it is. You do deserve better.The only saving grace was the location and they didn't charge me for having my dog.The bathroom area was dirty and the carpets were gross. They were ripped, torn, and covered in many different hair samples.I'm convinced there was a dead body rotting in one of the rooms, because the odors while walking to my room were foul and beyond ripe.The bed was extremely uncomfortable, and the window blinds do a horrible job of blocking out the morning sun.
3	Chiller System Alert. You either get A/C (and no heat) or you get Heat (no A/C). They have to be on one or the other. That's how the old "Chiller" systems worked. So in December, you will not have an A/C option and by April you will not have a heat option. I lived for 4 years in a Phoenix apartment complex with this. And since I stayed at this hotel in late January, I figured it out by the 2nd day. when the A/C came out "lukewarm" on a 75 degree day. I like to cool off after my hot shower so I can get dressed, do makeup, use the hot blow dryer, etc. It was OK, but I thought it was misleading for the staff not to come clean when we mentioned the A/C wasn't working a couple of times.  So, especially in Feb., March, Nov., Ask which they are presently on.    The price was great because they had just re-opened. I don't know what they charge or how they compare now.      That said, the Location is Great! You're right on the end of 5th Avenue with all these great Scottsdale-type shops/eating that you're there for. and when you want to go to the heart of "Old Town", there's a shuttle every 15 min. just 2 min. walking time away. You could walk to Old Town, but it's a hike. On a nice day, which is most, maybe you'll like it.         The pool was the most Heated pool I've ever been in! really Heated. in January. It was perfect for "winter". Some places say their outdoor pool is heated and it's still really too cold to go in. Not this one. and of course, ALL the pools are "heated" here in August!  actually, too warm because then you want to cool off, so most people go in at night instead.        There's a laundry room you can go to by elevator if you're on a long trip. ironing board.      Oh, one more thing: I wish they would cover up or put some kind of shade up over that window over the door. The room was bright as all get out early in the AM in spite of the adequate curtains on the big main window. Good thing I brought my night time eye mask.
1	Place is pretty filthy. Yet I'm not here to enjoy the ambiance and decor. There was what appeared to be blood on the wall.
2	A lesson in booking through Hotwire... don't do it. I suppose that's the trouble with booking a hotel without knowing what it is before hand. First of all, the room ended up being more expensive through Hotwire than on their website and secondly the hotel was  terrible. At least the location was awesome (hence two stars instead of one). We were able to walk to a ton of great shops, restaurants and bars and there was a food truck meet up going on across the street from the hotel! I hadn't looked at the Yelp reviews of this Travelodge so I assumed it would be fine but as soon as we pulled into the parking lot we had a feeling we wouldn't be impressed. The hotel looked abandoned. Hardly anyone there, the grounds were dingy, no cars in the parking lot. The staff was unfriendly and had zero personality. The room was gross: stickers on the headboard of the bed, broken and stained ceiling tiles in the bathroom, dirty floor and bathtub, etc. The place was noisy all night long. There were really bright lights outside of the room that weren't blocked by the curtain. The heat didn't work in the room and I couldn't find any extra blankets to keep warm with. The breakfast was pretty unimpressive: cereal, unappetizing looking pre-packaged pastries, apples, juice, coffee and milk. They didn't even have water...? Weird.  I'm not really sure how this place is still in business. Having never stayed at a Travelodge before I'm curious if they are all this terrible or if we just lucked out picking the worst one they have for our first (and probably last stay). I'm glad we were only there for a few hours! Thanks a lot Hotwire ;)
1	How do I give this place negative stars?? Not sure how to choose what to negatively review first.  Between the awful service from the wannabe manager - Sergio -, the lack of warm water in the shower, or the clogged bathtub, or the dirty towels, dirty bed blankets, this place deserves to be avoided at all costs.  We had to learn the hard way why it was the only place with a vacancy during spring training, I hope no one else has to.  If you have a choice between sleeping in your car and staying here, stay in your car.
1	this hotel should be closed.  THE PICTURES BELOW ARE NOT ACCURATE.the carpets are stained, the ceilings cracked and stained, cigarette burns in bathroom,  no railing on bath tub to hold on to, chairs dirty, things on the floor, you could not and would not want to walk around barefoot at all, VENDING machines snacks were stale, the bed was bad i was in pain and still am, dogs are allowed in rooms, so you do not know what the stains were, also, feces outside and smells, there were bugs constantly coming in to the room, hotel has nothing to keep bugs away.HOTEL SHOULD BE TORN DOWN AND CONDEMED.
