2	Super busy location and both times I have been here there is a huge line. It's almost like chaos in the lobby. I don't know if it is because it's a busy locaiton or because they are unorganized. I went inside then thought better and went through the drive thru where there was only one car ahead of me. The drive thru was fast but the prices were super high. $7.75 for a 10 piece McNugget meal. Wow! Won't be going there again. Next time I will either go to the Subway across the street or Taco Bell down the road!
2	Stopped in here this morning for breakfast, joined by Robyn N.  UGH!  I often stop at a McDonald's to eat when I'm out of town, & usually think they're at least 3 Stars, but this one was a real dud today.  To begin with they weren't busy, possibly having as many employees as customers, yet it took us and everyone else a LONG TIME to get our orders from their simple menu!  Not only that, there were no paper towels in the men's bathroom, only those stupid blowers, mounted down near the floor (for 3-year-olds?).  The door opens IN, so how are you supposed to get out of there with your hands clean, wait 'til you can get into a stall to get some toilet paper?My breakfast sandwich seemed like it had been sitting around for a long time, too.     :-OSausage McMuffin with Egg $2.69, Sr. Coffee $.79
1	The ole usual stopoff place to Vegas. I might have to reconsider a new one. Today on the way home I stopped elsewhere. Saturday Morning 6/23/13 I stopped here on the way to Vegas. They remodeled the entrance and the parking lot. One person wrote that it has more parking. Hmmm, to me it seems like they have less now but either way it is not an improvement outside or inside. I walk in and the bathroom is closed (really?) I used the Men's room. A line of women followed me in as the manager begrudgingly stood guard. Who cares. Most places have Coed bathrooms nowadays anyway and I have 5 brothers. lol-- However, a lot of elderly ladies stop here and Mom's with babes. They might not be so happy. No one could even say how long the bathrooms would be closed for.    After the bathroom fiasco, I ordered. The worker was very young and very unknowledgeable over basic things. Finally, the place was so dirty. I was appalled at how disgusting everything was. Ewhhhh! You would think they would keep it nicer since it is such a busy place for Roadtrippper Stopovers.
1	Who knew that at 3:00 AM in the morning that it would take them 20 minutes to make some "FAST" food?! The manager did little to hide the fact that he was being purposely rude and slow. Not only that, prices have seriously increased since I had McDonald's in high school and this really did not make it even the slightest better. Holy shit, I'm so over this place. Forever.
1	This is a busy McDonald's.  This is one of the bathroom stopping points for travel between Las Vegas and Phoenix.  This is a subpar McDonald's.  Just ordering a couple simple things like fries and a hamburger for the kids but they messed up the order-incomprehensible.
4	Fast friendly and accurate service. The holiday pies are yummy. The bathrooms are ean, and there was ample parking. I'm easy pleased.
