5	The ambiance of this place is a bit old peopleishThe prices are spendyHowever, the food is outrageously good.Lots of steaks, lobster, escargot, fancy french sauces, wines, and jazz.It's pretty freakin' awesome, but wouldn't be good for people on a budget or people looking for a trendy restaurant to see and be seen at.
5	First rate restaurant.  Went with a large party, and they were very accomodating, even relocating their outdoor heaters to make some of the women in our party more comfortable, as we were sitting out on the patio, and it got a bit cool.  The staff is first rate, the food is excellent, the ambiance is definitely upper scale.Went back a second time, with simply my wife, and the experience was much the same.  Definitely high on my list.
4	My friend suggested this place based on the filet and the singer. Well the singer we expected wasn't there. But the filet? Touche! The crowd this particular night, was...of the elderly/senior citizen type range. But honestly, it was kind of different and fun. No snooty Scottsdale bimbos or night club douches. Just happy couples dancing, sharing drinks at the bar. We sat in the bar/lounge area and listened to the jazz singer. Also a senior citizen! lol But again, fun and refreshing! He sang Sinatra and Dino and chatted up the audience. I don't recall his name. The lamb chop appetizer we started with was delicious! One of my favorite "every day" wines, Silver Oak Pinot was a nice accompaniment. They also offered us a fresh batch of "potato chips" as a snack and they were awesome! These were NOT Ruffles! Yummy. We had salads after the appetizer. The filet was very good, presentation of the food was very nice and the prices were reasonable.  Probably $100-$125 minus the cost of the wine. Our waitress was wonderful. Very friendly and patient. Very attentive. The hostess was helpful in trying to let us know when the singer we were wanting to see would next be performing. So overall, this was a great restaurant for a casual cozy dinner. I wouldn't say you're going to meet someone you can take up to Pussycat Lounge with you-or maybe, who knows! lol But great food, service, and envireonment. Try it out!
3	It is the little things that get you. I mean $3.25 for an ice tea that is entirely ridiculous.  A cup of soup for $8...it wasn't that special.  The prices are too high for the quality of food.  The patio is nice, the food fair.  The service definitely the highlight of the lunch.  I would say I choose another location for $115 (tip not included) for four of us at lunch.
3	Eat in the bar.  The homemade potato chips are awesome.  The baseball steak is terrific and a bargain.Yeah the clientele is mostly older people who look like they were friends with Yoda as a young boy, but the vibe is fun and groovy -- where else can you watch old guys with a walker try and pick up on a 75 year old lady and dance?  The band is great, the wait staff totally accommodating.Worth the trip if you want a hassle free dinner, great food, and easy/covenient service.
2	Can't say I'd recommend this place after having to send back a kobe burger twice; asked for it medium rare and got it extremely well done, the second time as though I insulted the chef he sent it out still cold in the middle and barely cooked on the outside.   I'm not a picky eater and have never sent food back twice; the last place I'd expect to do that is at a place that charges 40 dollars for a plate of food.I thought service was good, considering there is someone up front seating people I'm not sure how the other people got lost or didn't ask for a menu after 10 minutes.  The rest of the food was good, appetizer sampler was good, cedar plant salmon and vegetables were very tasty and onion rings were surprisingly huge and breaded instead of battered.Kind of hard to give a great review when I had to send back the hamburger twice and decided to just share the salmon with my wife.  The did comp desert, but it was fairly meaningless as we had a groupon and had gone a fair bit under the total anyways due to not getting the second meal.
2	I'm not a big fan of a steakhouse because they are usually mediocre and overpriced, this being no exception.  The drinks are pathetic, the salad was eh, the dressing store bought, the steaks tough, the bread lousy, the potatoes disgusting, and everything came covered in onions so don't bring a date.  The service was however outstanding.
3	My husband and I went here on a groupon so I'm not going to be too judgmental. Just a few points, the clientele are in their 70's, store bought salad dressing, $13 for THREE shrimp. Food and service were mediocre, not worth the high price.
5	well how i discover this place is through groupon... i really didnt read the reviews on them until after i purchase the groupon . the groupon was $60 worth of food and drinks.i only paid $30 for it.  i then read up on their reviews, wow to my surprise there were a lot of diss about this place being friendlier and better service to the older folks considering they must have more money ect. i right then regret i bought it. just because me and my fiance is in our late 20's lol... well one afternoon we decided to give it a try anyway. as we arrived the hosted friendlily greeted us then sat us in the lounge where we choose to be seated. there wasn't any one there at the time , but it was nice to have the whole place to ourself. the place was gorgeous beautifully decorated in a elegant classy atmosphere, our waitress came to take our drinks order as we scan through the lounge food menu that was on the table. my fiance order beer and i ask if she can make a mai tai , she reply OH CAN I , OF COURSE... in a playful tone.  and oh yes she CAN , i must say its the best mai tai ever.... turns out thats her favorite drink to make.   so then we order our food , since we have $60 credit we have to spend it all so ended up ordering sooooo much food ! we had  lamb,bbq ribs, steaks,kobe slider, fries , tobacco onion,steam vegetables, they all tasted amazing! and great presentation,.... overall our waitress was supper friendly the food was awesome the prices was great. we decided we definitely coming back ,
3	Huge portions. Bread pudding is different, sliced and toasted.  Wanted to LOVE this place as most of the staff was very nice but it's just okay..  Good if you're into quantity.  Some of the servers are older and a bit too relaxed for my taste as I'm from the Bay Area and I'm used to quick and efficient service.   We stayed here at the hotel.  Grounds could be fantastic if someone (with lots of money) would update the place but now it's just outdated.   Great value for the money.
4	The food here is absolutely delicious! The lounge has a live piano player and homemade potato chips in small silver bowls along the bar. The wine list is short but I found a very good French red on the list and the bartender even allowed me to taste a couple of other wines when I was undecided. I had a tomato and mozzarella salad to start, good soft thick slabs of cheese and the tomatoes came in both red and yellow slices. Filet mignon and scallops were all cooked perfectly and the particular dish I had was served scampi-style and was absolutely smothered in garlic, which I love, breath be damned! The garlic mashed potatoes were a little flat, though. Weird.
3	There's no doubt about it, Remington is a classy place. The servers are well-dressed, the live music superb, and the experience is a perfect excuse to dress up a bit.  That having been said, while the portions are generous (and the homemade kettle chips worth the trip), I found my Kobe Beef Burger a bit on the plain side.  I'd normally be okay with this, but having paid close to $20 for my meal, I couldn't help but walk out the door a bit disappointed.  Overall, Remington's is a classy establishment, but it's important to know that you're paying for the atmosphere moreso than anything else.
3	Happy hour was a good value. Decent wines for $3.50 and a nice atmosphere, though dated as were the other guests.. HAHA. Dinner in the dining room was lovely.  Everything was great... however, not special enough to return to or go out of our way to get here. We came since we were staying at the hotel.
4	My wife and I were looking to try a new restaurant with good food and a quiet and romantic atmosphere. The reviews for Remington's seemed to be very good. Plus the day we booked a reservation, there was a Groupon. Not bad!Here are my first impressions:The average age is 60. It's a nice change from the other hip and trendy restaurants were everyone is trying to show each other up.Light jazz playing in  the background and the smaller rooms makes it a great place for conversation. This is a place for couples and friends. I did not see any families or kids at all.The portions are very good size. I ordered the baked potato and oh my god it was huge. Definitely split.My wife. And I would definitely go back. Remington's offers the classic old school southwest steakhouse dining.
4	yes, delicious as everyone has yelped. the decor is nice, relaxing and romantic. it's spaced out so you don't feel you're sitting on top of the person next to you. there's was a piano and guitar player which was a nice touch. ordered the shrimp cocktail that was 4 big shrimps and a tab spicy red cocktail sauce. i ordered the king crab legs with garlic shrimp and i wasn't disappointed. the Cinnamon bread pudding was yummy! will return.
5	Great service, tasty food, and world class jazz happening in the lounge. Went for the first time to hear the music, but had a full dinner in the lounge. The two pianists-vocalists, Danny Long and Judy Roberts are revered Chicago transplants, and Phoenix is all the richer for it. Danny's daughter Trish joined the duo for a number of songs, and it was really charming. The lounge is very comfortable, with a great bartender and an overall great vibe.
2	Our first visit to Remington's was on a recent weeknight.  We made reservations but they certainly were not needed as the dining room was nearly empty.  By contrast the bar lounge area was rather busy.  A piano and lounge singer could be heard into the dining room, kind of a nice background that we did enjoy.  Others have raved about this being a classy place.  I sure didn't get that vibe.  It was more 80's dated hotel restaurant than classy to me.We had a very attentive waiter who served us well.  There seemed to be a lot of servers with a lot of busy acitivty, constantly in and out of swinging doors.  There was a large group in a private closed off dining area.  We noticed most patrons were in their Senior years.  Maybe they alternate between here and Charleston's?Between us we ordered steak & grilled salmon with a potato dish to share and a couple of side salads.  The steak was not cooked as requested but we didn't bother to send it back.  Salmon was unremarkable.  The tomato mozzarella salad was abundant but yellow tomatoes were inedible mush and the red tomatoes were just flavorless.  Lyonnaise potatoes were a tad greasy.  Dinners are all ala carte.  Nothing was particularly bad, just nothing to get excited about.  I felt like I was dining in a hotel restaurant, food was delivered with plastic covers like they use in room service dining.  Overall I have to say I was simply underwhelmed.  After reading other reviews I had greater expectations for Remington's.  At a total of $84 (no alcohol) we expected more.  If I were a hotel guest on an expense account, maybe I would have felt differently. For the money, next time I would drive just down the street and go to Ruth's Chris.  We won't be hurrying back to Remington's.
3	I traveled to Remington's on a business outing and overall the experience was worthy of a second look and a review. First I would agree with Carol about not needing a reservation because for the most part the restaurant was slow, yet the bar did have quite a few patrons (mostly an older crowd / vibe) We started with a cocktail hour and had wonderful service and attention from multiple members of their friendly staff. This went as flawless as a boozie could want things.When we sat for dinner we were greeted with a friendly waiter and salty bread rolls / giant crackers. These were quite tasty but a little overboard on the salt for a health buff like myself. The spinach salad was a perfect start and everything was very fresh and well presented. I ordered the rack of lamb which had a oriental and mint kick to it and was quite good, except I felt was a little under cooked to my order specifics. The side dishes I felt could have been included with the meals and not a 6 dollar add on to everything. Not to sound like a cheap ass but the price point was a little high for the food we ordered so expect to pay at least 50 a head when you travel to Remingtons. Overall the ambivalence was good and the food was good. I would recommend this place to a friend if they were still enticed to go after my review.
3	We must have come on a good night--the average age was only 65. :)  We are in our late 20s and got efficient service and decent drinks. Also, appetizers and salads were better that expected. But the entrees were diner-style dishes with a few fancy words drizzled around the menu to distract people who never studied French. The place also smells weird. But it was a new and different experience, and a nice excuse to head to Scottsdale. :)
2	If you've got the time, then Remington's is the place.  I made reservations on line for a Wed. night at 7, and they even called to confirm but when we showed up they had no clue who we were.  The maitre de said 'no problem, give me a minute' and then disappeared.  We were left standing for 10 minutes before a hostess came to seat us.  We assumed they were clearing a table and were surprised when we were led into an almost empty dining room.  We were seated and although someone brought us water almost immediately, it was another 10 minutes before our server showed up and asked if we wanted menus!  NO let me guess what you have!  A few minutes later, she came back with the menus and left us alone again.  Assuming this was how the evening was going to go, we decided to skip any appetizers and just order, eat & get out as quickly as possible.  Unfortunately, Remington's must have liked our company because it seems they wanted to keep us there for as long as possible.  Our salads arrived promptly at 8 (1 hour after being seated).  Shortly after, someone dropped off a basket of dinner rolls -  butter would have been a nice touch.  We finished our salads and sat waiting for our entrees.  And sat and waited and sat and waited.  At 8:30 our entrees were finally delivered.  We ate our meals and as she was clearing our plates we asked for the check so we could make our exit.  And again we waited.  The time stamp on our receipt shows she rang us up a little after 9 but it was almost 9:30 before we allowed to sign the bill & get out. The one redeeming factor of Remington's is the food.  I had the tomato/onion salad and pork chop while my g/f had the baby spinach salad and shrimp.  All were wonderful and certainly worth the price on the menu, but not worth the time.
2	After looking at the menu and having a groupon burning in my pocket I was pretty excited to try out Remington's Restaurant.  Unfortunately that's as far as the excitement went as far as dining experience went. Pro's:LocationCon's:Fly landing on bread bowlHost's dressed like morgue workersFood comes out with plastic dome's over it to keep warm but really wasn't too warm anywaysFelt very dated inside Server pointed out total before groupon like I was going to stiff him on tip Overall I will not be back and wasn't impressed at all.  I guess if you are staying at the resort it's not a bad choice but I'd still go for a quick drive to one of the many other fine establishments within a short distance.
2	Using a Groupon, we first sat in the bar where older set, over 65, listened to live piano.  Ordered a mediocre Caesar Salad and a nice Escargot that required a little extra salt but had plenty of nice garlic butter to dip the accompanying french bread. On a Thursday night, the dining room felt very empty, only a handful of people, all older.  Enjoyed the delicious Tournedos Oscar.  My husband had a Wilted Spinach Salad, Crab Cocktail, and a noteworthy French Onion Soup.  Crab tasted old and salad was just so-so.  For an upscale pricey restaurant, the servers were immature and uninformed, lacking the skills to deliver properly.  Most always generous with our tipping, 20% or more, we could not justify more than 15% in both the bar and restaurant.  Would have been very disappointed if we paid full price this dining experience.
5	This restaurant is located at the Scottsdale Plaza Resort as a standalone restaurant with a beautiful outside patio and large bar/ lounge area.  They had a piano player playing that night but they told me they also have live jazz on other nights.  I was invited to dinner their by a family member who had some kind of deal from one of those 'groupon' like sites. I thought they would give us a hard time because of the deal but the staff was very friendly and happy to take it. As they say with hospitality as warm as the AZ sun. I have to say the service was EXCELLENT, the server was very friendly and attentive. I told him I was new to the area and he made a lot of great recommendations of things close by to go see and do. He went out of his way to make this was a meal to remember. As for the food it was wonderful  ordered the Grilled Atlantic Salmon with lemon and dill butter. Oh it was sooo good I had to finish it all
3	Okay, hate to be harsh but first the nice part:  The food is really quite good.  Very pricey but good....I'd only go with a groupon.  They have a very limited gluten free menu but at least they do offer some things gf.Okay now for the rant:  Hostess had WAY, WAY, WAY TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much musky, oriental perfume on.  Like old lady going to church stuff.  YUCK.  If you were allergic you would be in anaphylactic shock!Median age of guests present:  80 year olds and us. (We are a little more than half of that age is all I'm going to say!)The decor:  Um, I want to say '80's kinda "upscale southwest" with a hint of dyslexia.  And the place is cavernous.  Honestly they ain't doing enough business to have this much room.  My suggestion would be to offer a more intimate, remodeled quaint place with quality food and lose the host.I had GF Risotto, my friend had salad and 5 glasses of wine was something like $90 at lunchtime!  YIKES!  Um, Remington's?  It's time for a redo!  Oh, the waiter was amazing!  We had him and another guy filling our waters, etc. for the whole meal!
1	How this place is in business still is beyond me.When walking in, the decor is old and drab. The grout int he tile is disgusting. The hostess was unpleasant and lighting, too bright.The menu. LackingThe food? Warm rather than hot, and drab.The salads too, were warmWe will never go back.
3	Very nice older crowd having fun.If you like singing to a live piano player and singing 1950's song's? You will love this place.Just a little to old of crowd for me.
4	We had dessert & coffee here on Valentine's Day.  Not sure I would normally come here but we specifically came to see the lovely & talented Judy Roberts on the ivories and were delighted by her vocal accompanist, the enchanting Margot Reed.  That duo rocks our socks!  JUDY! JUDY!! JUDY!!!
4	I've enjoyed Reminton's several times.  We picked it for last Friday's special event and are very glad we did.  SErvice was excellent, quiet and classy atmosphere.We love lots of creative, new cuisine, but not always.  Remington's food is American delish.  2 of us had the Lamb, portions were huge and it was prepared perfectly.  One person had the prime rib and he is an expert on prime rib, he loved it.  4th person had a chicken with pasta meal - ate the whole thing!  We had the wonderful bread pudding for dessert, a lovely evening.  Thank you Remington's.
4	Well I see we have some 30 to 40-something snotty yuppies getting on here and bashing a long-term Scottsdale night spot, like anyone over 50 doesn't have the right to enjoy a different kind of decor apart from a sports bar environment. I really like Remington's, their Stoli rocks and olives are killer, and the Friday night entertainment is superb (Joel and Delphine). In my opinion they do need to place the TV on a different wall because I really don't need or want to see sports while I'm enjoying drinks and great jazz (unless it's playoff season), but I understand there are gentlemen who like to sit at the bar and watch sports while having some appetizers and a few drinks.I have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about with "OLD" host(esses) and perfume. The night I was there the hostesses were young, cute and friendly. Service was friendly and attentive -- overall excellent.The atmosphere is classy, with people dressing up a little more and enjoying the "dated" decor. Puh-leeeeeze. Do these people know class when they see it? Do they require a restaurant to change their furnishings every year? Get a grip.Remington's is a classy place. If it's not your cup of tea don't diss it -- just go elsewhere and keep your mouth shut.
5	Celebrated our 40th Anniversary at Remington's. The Staff, Food and Ambience were a perfect setting for this evenings Special Occasion!
1	Went using a Groupon. The rib eye was gristly and bland . New York strip  was simply awful.  Had to use A1 sauce to add flavor. Poor cuts of meat. Mushrooms were canned! Service was good but the food is yucky. I would never go back. A one star restaurant at best.
3	If you're at this resort and have no means of getting into town, this isn't all that bad. Service is good and food is well prepared, but with all the other options in Scottsdale, why settle? There was actually a live Jazz singer in the lounge who was quite good, so, overall, I had a positive experience here.One thing this place is great for is group dinners. We had a fairly small group of 6, but saw others with 10-12 in their parties sitting around long tables to accommodate.
1	I found a great groupon for this restaurant and as I had been in the past and enjoyed the happy hour ( last time probably 4 yrs ago) I thought lets go back and try dinner.  Wow, what an absolutely horrible meal!  Appetizer was the Escargots - awful.  They were rubbery and tasteless, not a hint of butter,  garlic or salt/seasoning.  These rubber like creatures were swimming in a pool of pure oil and nothing else.Salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing.Main, NY Steak, Potatoes Lyones, Creamed Spinach.  I have never had such a dry and tasteless NY Steak (md rare) again no seasoning and extremely tough and dry. Potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor.  They also arrived after the other items were served, forgotten...I'm not sure.  Spinach, again lacked flavor and sat in too much creme.  The only positive about this place was the Server.  She was so apologetic.  She did offer to get us something else but, frankly we somehow knew it would be more of the same and i wanted nothing more than to be out of there.  As for the Manager he/she never came out to our table to check on the sad situation of our meal.   For a place that charges $30+ for an ala carte steak ($6 per side I believe), I expect more, so much more.  This by no means compared to a Donovan's, Fleming s, Durant's etc.  No insult to Outback but, I would have had a much more superior meal there...
3	The food was average, but not worth the $100 bill for two of us. My prime rib was tough and the sides were nothing special. Go across the street to Blue 32, better food, half the price.
3	We recently went there on a Groupon for my wife's birthday, I hadn't been there in years. It is a decent, old school place. The steak was puny and everything was kinda pricy for what you get even considering it is in PV. I will wait for a Groupon or some kind of special before going back.
5	We like  Remington's.  Great food and service. Live vintage jazz in the bar.  With an age appropriate group it is quite enjoyable.  We have been here 2 or 3 times a year since 1998.
2	Maybe if I visited the lounge and enjoyed a cocktail while listening to jazz I would have liked it here. As far as the service, it was great. Gigi was awesome, very nice and attentive. The food was terrible. I had the mesquite grilled chicken with farfalle pasta and the sundried tomatoes were the best part of the dish. Way too much sauce and nothing special. My husband got the chicken piccata and it was awful. The sauce had absolutely no flavor, apparently they don't season anything and it tasted like it was out of a can. It came in a plastic dome cover like it was hospital food. Kind of tasted like it, too. The roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special. The decor was seriously lacking. Not impressed and I won't be back.
2	The waitress Gigi was amazing,  The hostess Lucy was wonderful.  The food was fine, just overpriced.  If you like paying a lot more money than you would have to at 20 other restaurants in the area, it's very nice.   Just fyi,  it's mostly an older crowd.  LIke 70 older, not 50 older like we are.
2	Stick with Ruth's Chris or Flemmings.  Most of the food was bland. We started with the onion rings and those were far less than expected. The rings are breaded and the breading is bland, but the onions are very sweet. We also had the mozzarella salad and that was quite tasty.  I ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland. My partner ordered salmon and he said it was OK, but only OK for the price. The service was good but since we were the only diners, I would expect excellent service.  My advice if you go: try the mozzarella salad. It was the best of all the things we tasted.  But for the prices I would definitely go someplace else. I think there was a very good reason we were the only diners.
1	worst food I can remember in my 67 years... prime rib was pure gristle, wrong wine was served and manager Carl Adams refused to adjust bill from the $11 split which we ordered  to the $45 dollar half bottle that he delivered... first time ever charged for the chiefs birthday cake, which went back uneaten as it was awful .  STAY FAR FAR FAR AWAY.  there is a reason why the restaurant is nearly empty...  food, management and service is below one star... so Remington's is getting more of a rating than deserved...
1	This is the worst restaurant I have been in a long time! My husband, my son and his girl friend and I went there last Friday for dinner and had a very bad and expensive dinning experience. I had a cold so I asked for French onion soup. It was so salty that it was Not edible. I complained to  the waitress and she offered to change for their soup of the day which was New England Clam chowder. Unfortunately this soup was worse than the other one as though the cook dropped the salt shaker in it accidentally. My throat started burning!! It was terrible. I told our waitress and asked her to try it for herself. She then said she would bring a sorbet to heal my throat. My husband $40 rib-eye steak was also extremely salty and terrible. No one was happy with their dinner.The shock came when they charged $9 for my inedible French Onion soup! We paid and did not make a scene, but that was unfair !
1	There is a $5.00 charge for sharing anything.   The Ice Tea is $3.25 and coffee is $2.50, if you do not like your beverage and want to switch, they will not take the cost of your bill and still charge for all the beverages.  The Ceasar Salad is not  real  Ceasar  it is made with pretzels and kale and a vinegar dressing (awful), the buns are VERY SALTY cannot eat them, the chicken which is $28 is a small piece sitting on top of a small glob of PUREE (AWFUL).  THE cheesecake is made with prickly pear cactus and it is very spicy.   THERE are no potatoes or mashed.  They changed the menu to the worst.  ALSO, they have no WIFI and once inside your phone does not work at all in that area, and, it MESSES up your phone.  DO NOT BUY DEALS FOR THIS PLACE AT ALL.
1	Went to Remington's for AZ Restaurant Week. I got their free range chicken dish and I felt like they cut up a rotisserie chicken and brought it to me, they also took about 30 minutes to bring out my food and it was cold. Will not go there ever again.
2	The food was very good, a little overpriced. We went for my daughters birthday. I had purchased a groupon. The waiter gave my daughter a complimentary dessert. I thought this was very nice. I felt obligated to purchase another as well...The waiter then told us the dessert was not complimentary - after we ate it - and billed us for it. I thought this was in poor taste to do on my 16 year olds birthday. I will not be going back due to the tacky service. The dessert was $10, the experience left a bad taste.
4	Upon check in, my husband enjoyed a quick dinner and beer. The bartender introduced him to a local beer, the Kilt Lifter, which he enjoyed for the length of our stay. We returned a few nights later and enjoyed some dessert. It was very convenient and friendly staff.
2	Christmas ripoff!  Decent food , but $60 per person?  Surf and Turf with Great Turf and little if any surf.  Pear Salad with excess Vinegar.  $13 glass of wine charged twice for one glass. Gratuity included (20%) with blank line for gratuity on bill very deceptive.Turkey dinner excellent but $60??We'll not be back.Entertainer in bar too loud for diners.
2	New chef - disappointing menu.  Service is still good, atmosphere is great, but the food is definitely sub par and not worthy of the menu prices.  We've been regulars here for years.  Now we're left searching for a new favorite (except for the lounge which has great music.)  The menu showed scallops "over pureed blue potatoes."  The scallops were fairly tasteless and they were served over what I would describe as potato diarrhea.
