3	It is an average Italian restaurant. The view of Pittsburgh is nice but that is all this place is. Food and decor is not exciting, the service is not special. I was here with a large group and everybodys impression was the same 3 star food in a 3 star establishment. They have a full bar.
1	Disappointing dining experience, given that it was touted by the hotel concierge as a 180-degree opposite to the worst restarant in Pittsburgh (hope the search engines pick up that phrase).  They were overbooked so we waited in the bar and had our drinks and appetizers there.  Those were average.   The veal saltinbocca meat had gone bad and tasted terrible.  They did cheerfully replace it with a meat and cream pasta dish.  It was no better than okay.  The house wine by the glass must have been some watered-down murky mix of cheap leftovers.  Desserts at least were B-grade.  We were just glad it was finally over.
4	First off.... "What a view"...I went here at night time, the city lights were really cool.  Go P-Burg!I thought the food was great!  I got some form of pasta with some form of steak tips... It was really good.  The inside of the restaruant wasn't very fancy, but it was quaint.
5	We called at 8:00 p.m. on the 4th of July and made a 9:00 reservation. I just mentioned that we were hoping to see fireworks while we ate.  We had just been rained out of our Kennywood plans and then spent a while in traffic. We finally got up the mountain, but were about 30 minutes late because we hit more traffic. When I called, they said they would continue to hold the table. My husband and I and three kids were led to the most beautiful table right in front of their floor to ceiling windows. The dining room was full, and yet they saved the most desirable table for us, who were late. That is phenomenal service. Our server was knowledgable and competent. His description of the specials was amazing and we barely ordered anything from the regular menu. The grilled peach and prociutto appetizer was my favorite. My husband and son went nuts over the stuffed banana peppers. There house chardonnay was a nice surprise, though I didn't get a chance to ask what it was. It tasted expensive. It is an expensive restaurant, but their servings were larger than many other restaurants. I did not finish my lobster ravioli. My husband, a BIG eater, did not finish his wellington. My my 5 year old fell asleep after the fireworks and missed out on her pasta with alfredo sauce, which was quite sophiticated for a child. (I hate it when restaurants don't try hard with a kid's dish--my daughter apperciates quality too.) The other kids (teenagers) had stuffed salmon and stuffed shrimp and we all gawked at the generous crab stuffing. Everyone enjoyed the french onion soup. My salad was sufficient. The view of the fireworks was spectacular! Gratuity was included on our check, which I don't really like, but I guess I understand. We actually tipped above that anyway. I teared up on the way home because it had been so close to a disaster of a day right to the point of being seated at our table... My husband and I decided it was the best day ever based on the turn-around at the Bella Vista. We will be back for other holidays, birthdays... Whatever excuse I can use to get back. I love Bella Vista! I wish I could give them more stars.
5	I enjoy this place very well. It's definitely on the expensive side, but I've had the beef wellington special, and the surf and turf, and some of the veal.  It was all excellent.  The view is amazing.  I can definitely imagine that some stuff is great here, while others isn't.  I would recommend to always order one of the specials.
5	As a frequent diner here I can say its one of Mt Washington's best. The view is unbeatable and I've never had a bad meal. My wine and dessert suggestions from the staff have always been spot on as well. We seem to always have the same great waiter as well, no complaints all around!
5	First and Foremost, The view from this restaurant is like nothing else. The three rivers and downtown are right outside your window. I would go here and eat shitty food and pay $20 extra just to see the view. This would be great for a romantic date.Secondly, the food was amazing. I went here with a friend and her parents whom I had never met before, and I am so thankful they brought me to this place. I had a salmon and crab dish and even though I was stuffed I couldn't stop eating because it was just that good. I tried everyone else's dishes and theirs were also very good.They had a martini list that we ordered from and enjoyed, also.P.S. To all the people on here trashing their chicken parm, who gets chicken parm at a nice restaurant? Check yoselves.
4	We held a birthday dinner for my mother here recently, and the staff and ownership were very accomodating as they helped us assemble a special evening.  We were able to procure a table with a phenomenal view on a Saturday evening.  The appetizer dishes were of high quality and very generous in proportion.  While the wine list is a bit small, the selections are broad enough to satisfy most tastes and are reasonably priced.  Entree choices were also excellent and generous.   Overall, we enjoyed a great evening with Mom and wouldn't hesitate to return.
5	I came here as a surprise dinner.  It was the first time I came to a restaurant such as this. And by that I mean: dressy, quiet, calm music, romantic, and just all around beautiful.Our dinner was candlelit. I don't remember much about the food because I was just in complete awe, basically the whole dinner. He made reservations, and requested a window seat. I was expecting fancy, but not as fancy as I got. It was dark when we arrived, so when I finally sat down, I noticed this is why he demanded sitting here. I had a whole look of the city and river, lit up. The most memorable view I'll never forget. Absolutely gorgeous. And I'm completely thankful I was able to experience this, just the view and setting itself is all I can remember. So you know it must have been outstanding.
1	The management and service Greatly misrepresented a la carte items and charged $30 for a 1/2 carafe for a Mondavi merlot when she said it would be $15.00.  Told there was a SMALL  up charge from the included house salad to the caprese salad.  Small was $9.00 each. Mgt refused to make it right. Go if you are a gambler. You can see the casino from this point. But don't bet on winning here.
4	We had dinner at Bella Vista for my mother's 89th birthday. I called and made reservations for a Wednesday night. I asked if the restaurant was handicapped accessible and they said there was one small step to get into the door. My mother was able to navigate the step with her walker and they had a table by the window waiting for us. They were not busy this night,  so the room was quiet and we were able to have a normal conversation at the table. We all ordered different things from the menu and their nightly specials. Everyone's meal arrived at the same time and all the meals were hot and delicious! The desserts were good too! I was a bit skeptic about the restaurant from other reviews but our experience was wonderful.
5	As a lot of the reviews suggest, this is a spot for a special occasion. I had my graduation dinner here and it is probably one of the most memorable meals I have eaten in my 23 years of life so far. The decor was cute, sort of a little dated, but in an endearing way. It was still really nice inside and the view I mean...come on. I got here early with my mom while we waited for the rest of my family and had a super good espresso martini. Then as my family arrived we were seated and began dinner. The waitress was awesome, just attentive enough and was really accommodating. We had such good food, I got 3 lobster tails and they were perfectly prepared. I could not think of anything I would change about the time I dined here, and I can't wait to go back when my little brother graduates from college just to eat here again! So props to Bella Vista.
1	My boyfriend and I are new to the neighborhood and like to go to a nice dinner. We made a reservation for 830. They called back about 2 hours later and said they needed us to come in at 8. Well I'm a hairstylist, so that didn't work with my schedule. Hence the reason we made the reservation for 830. After being told we simply could not come at 830, I said we could come later. That wasn't an option either so I asked why? They are getting ready for a busy weekend so they need to close the kitchen early, and they really don't have any other reservations so they are just going to close early. Let me guess why you don't have any business on a Friday night.... Probably because you are running off what little business you have. I can't even pass judgement on the food. But they are going to be busy tomorrow, so don't worry about the reservations for today! Let's close at 7!  Pathetic
3	Nice atmosphere with a great view of the city. Food was good but not anything extraordinary.
1	DO NOT come here if you want to have a larger party/celebration. I am getting married on July 5, 2014 and planning the rehearsal dinner has been the biggest headache of all. Since many friends and family are coming from out of town, we wanted to showcase Pittsburgh on the 4th of July with a great fireworks display and a great restaurant on Mt. Washington (where we live). We attempted to plan our dinner at Bella Vista but Rose, supposedly the events manager, was less than helpful and pleasant.  We kept getting the run around ("we are busy the holidays, can we discuss prices or even if the cook can do this event after New Year's? "). After the holidays, we called back mid - January and the same run around but this time, the excuse was for Valentine's Day. We called back end of February.  And guess what, Rose was "not there", "in a meeting", "on a call".......and when we finally were able to speak with Rose, "can we discuss prices next time? I need to speak with the cook to see if we can do this." No Rose. We cannot discuss next time and we are canceling. You have not been helpful and I will never eat at that restaurant.  I am in sales and when someone tells me that they would want to reserve out the whole restaurant,  I would go above and beyond. But Rose, you are an epic failure for your establishment and I will tell everyone that I encounter, never to eat there. Thanks for causing undue stress and frustration while planning my wedding. Thankfully Lidia's was accommodating. And that is how you run a successful business.
3	Came here for a large party and it was a nice place with a great view, hence the name.  Food was average, nothing fancy. The veal was not very tasty and the chicken parm was good, but neither were worth the price.  Chocolate lava cake was too dry, but the strawberry cheesecake was great. Just not worth the price for what one gets.
5	I took my dad there for his 79th birthday and it was wonderful. We were seated right near the window for a view that was breathtaking.  The food was exquisite. It is very pricey but was so worth the experience
3	Drinks: 4Decor: 3.5Ambiance: 4.5Service: 2Value: 2
3	View is amazing. Service was 4 star and food and pricing were 2 star. We had angel hair pesto with chicken for $28.00 and pasta was overlooked and just ok. Service was great though so overall with the view was nice
2	Obviously a great view if you're near the windows!  The seating area is extremely cramped so I hope you want to hear everyone's dinner conversations.  The most disappointing part was that my husband made a reservation but the person at the door didn't even seem to have a list of reservations... Not sure what that was about.    We had to sit in an even more cramped bar area with huge chairs that did not fit the space at all while we waited for a table.  The waiter was very nice.  Busy, but a good waiter so that is one positive.  Just an overall lousy experience to have to pay $150 for two people to have dinner and a couple drinks.  I would expect a more professional staff and a more comfortable dining area.
