5	The views don't get any better than this! Anywhere!  Day or Night!If you are at a lookout point at the top of one of the inclines, or sitting next to a window in one of the great Mount Washington restaurants, or if you are fortunate enough to have an apartment, a condo or a house up on Mount Washington overlooking the Three Rivers, you will be one of the lucky ones.  Chance has smiled down on you . . . today you will have the opportunity to see why she smiles.She's looking down at  - - Steelers' Heinz StadiumAn Inland RegattaA "Fireworks on the Rivers" ExhibitionBridges everywhere - how many? Nine or ten, at least!Pirates Baseball StadiumA Fire engine hose competitions off the piersOld fashioned paddle boat cruisesGhost of the Old Three Rivers StadiumThe Golden TriangleConcerts and shows heard across the riversConvergence of the Three RiversAll this and more can be seen from the deck of my little apartment that is above tree-top level on the side of the hill looking directly across at skyscrapers. Close enough to almost touch!  Chance and I sit with our feet up sipping margaritas and watching the sun set over the old steel yards . . . No place on earth like Mount Washington's view!
4	well the views were good, but we were hoping for a little more in the way of coffee and food up at the top, not really much going on up there.
3	Hmmm it was all right - but was wondering where/if any places to eat were, guess you don't come up here if you want breakfast.  The view was nice, felt a little cooler than down below in town, but was disappointed there wasn't a nice street up at the top.  Looked like there were a few bar type places but not much in the way of cute street cafes.
5	Plenty of places for food. Good coffee, ice cream, some best eating in Pittsburgh. Those of you complaining-get off your butt and walk. It will do you good! You expect it to come to you? There is a coffee shop and ice cream bar within a block of the Mon incline.
5	Totally worth the Monaghelia Incline ride to come up here.Great little walk for visitors.If I moved here, I would totally buy a house on this block!
5	Oh the stories I could tell! As a resident of the great Mount W I've been able to experience this popular tourist spot from a different point of view. I honestly never tire of viewing the city from the mountain. It's beautiful whether it's during the day when you can see all the action downtown and all the rivers or at night where the lights transform the city into a dazzling view. I take walks over to Grandview frequently in the summer and I never tire of the view, but one thing I also like to do is keep any eye on the houses. It always seems as if some house is being redone along Grandview. It's fun to watch the progress over the months. Plus it usually ends up being bigger and better than before. The most exciting news as of late is the planned hotel right by the Mon Incline. The building has sat there vacant and ugly for what seems like forever so it's going to be exciting watching that construction. Make sure to walk along Shiloh Ave. to grab something to eat at Redbeards (full name is Redbeards Resort and Yacht club, which I think it hilarious!) or get ice cream at Difiore's. There's also a coffee shop right by the ice cream shop that is good for early mornings or cold fall nights. If you're feeling really up for a walk and some major hills follow Grandview west all the way to the other side of the mountain (opposite side of where the Mon Incline is at). It's honestly not a far walk at all and it's great to see the other side of the mountain. There's a good amount of restaurants on this part. The majority of them are on the pricey side. I enjoy Monterey Bay which is at the top of a high rise apartment complex or Isabela's on Grandview which is almost to the end of Grandview. The other Incline, the Duquesne In cline, is located here as well. This one is different from the Mon Incline because there's tons of pictures, artifacts and information on the inclines and Pittsburgh. It's also great to see the western side view of the city. You really can't go wrong from any angle up here though!
5	Best place (and it was free) to see Pittsburgh!Definitely make a trip up here!!
5	This unique spot offers spectacular views of the surprisingly beautiful city of Pittsburgh.  To enjoy the bird's-eye of the downtown skyline, husband and I rode the Duquesne Incline up Mount Washington and then walked a mile along Grandview Avenue to descend the Monongahela Incline.  Despite being warned by several locals that to walk between the two stations was "impossible," "not pedestrian friendly," and "grueling," we found this constitutional to be quite doable, helped by sidewalks the whole way, and fairly easy.  Between the two stations are several overlooks, each offering a slightly different view of Pittsburgh.  The overlooks seemingly stretch out over the river and you feel floated over downtown.  The houses, churches, libraries, apartments, and businesses along Grandview Avenue are mostly quaint and attractive, too, a vibrant, unique neighborhood giving off a welcoming, communal vibe.If you skipped a trip up Mount Washington your visit to Pittsburgh, you'd be missing out.
5	With the second most beautiful view in the country (according to USA Today) Mount Washington is a top tourist destination for sightseers. First known as Coal Hill due to the fact the first coal mines in Pittsburgh were in Mt Washington, it slowly evolved into a community of coal miners and their families. The German immigrants designed the inclines as a way of delivering the mined coal to the steel mills down below in the south side. Two incline still remain on Mt Washington, the Monongahela and Duquesne. Mt Washington is also known for Restaurant row, in the Duqusene Heights section, the Tin Angel, Georgetown Inn, and perhaps the most famous, The Le Mont, just to name a few.The Streets of Mount Washington are named after people and places of the Civil War, but don't get the same recognition of the Mexican War streets of The North Side. Grandview Avenue runs along the top of Mt Washington and offers beautiful views of downtown Pittsburgh. The overlooks are popular with tourists. Shiloh Street in the Business hub of Mt Washington, neighborhood bars, restaurants and banks are some of the businesses there. In the early part of the 20th century Mt Washington was Pittsburgh's Little Italy, with almost 60% of the population being from Italy. College students with it's close proximity to the schools downtown like AIP and Point Park make up a decent size portion of the population. Also, there are a lot of condos that take advantage of the view.Plans are underway to build a mixed use building on the site of the Edge restaurant. Hopes are that a Ritz Carlton hotel will be part of that building which also calls for a restaurant, a park, and condos. Pittsburghers are notorious for their Pittsburghese and pronounce this area as Mount Warshington or Mt Wooshington.
5	The view of Pittsburgh from the lookouts atop Mt Washington is one of the nicest views I've ever seen of a city, it is spectacular. I wasn't aware that there were actually restaraunts up here or that the incline rail will take you to it. I'll definetely be doing that  next time, when I do I'll write an update, but in the meantime if you're going to Pittsburgh this is a must see, it's that nice.
5	Awesome views of Pittsburgh, PA. I'm sure all the locals already know this. I recently visited the city and one of the things I had to do was ride the inclines to the top of Mt. Washington and check out the views. I highly recommend anyone visiting Pittsburgh to do the same. Make sure to bring dollar bills and quarters with you because the inclines only accept exact change.
5	Great view! I was surprised there were not more tourists when we were there or there wasn't even a park or setting to enjoy the view but there was a great Incline place.  There was a great view of Pittsburgh, a little museum with history, and a ride that took you right to the bottom! I would suggest any tourist going here!
5	There's really not much for me to say about Mt. Washington other than it gives you a breathtaking view of Downtown. It's also romantic and is a good place to ponder it all while the breeze kisses your cheeks. I love that Darren brought me here on a whim. Again, as a country girl, this stuff always impresses me.
5	You gotta! A must see view of the city.
4	Great for a date night walking along the sidewalk on Mt. Washington looking towards the city lights! Tthis is the place where I take every visitor we had and people always love it because the night view of the city is just so beautiful! As someone mentioned before, this is the second most beautiful view in the US (first is the Sedona red rocks). So don't miss out and come check it out!
5	Beautiful views of Pittsburgh!  What a great spot for a date, I heard of some nice restaurants near here but I did not have the time to devote to dinner.
5	Great romantic view of Pittsburgh ! Lots of history too!
5	As far as mounts go, this one is pretty good. Definitely in my top 4 or 5 mounts of all time.
4	We drove up here and parked to walk along and see the FANTASTIC view of the city and the rivers.  We then stopped in at The Grandview Saloon for drinks on the hillside deck with a great view on this beautiful day.
4	Fun! Great views over the whole city! Cheap little ride up and back down. Worth it!
5	My absolute favorite place to go in Pittsburgh. During the summer months, it gets pretty crowded but in the winter, just grab a hot chocolate then head up there at night, and it's beautiful. So peaceful.
5	As a Realtor that specializes in city living, condos, and lofts, the mount is the place to be.  It has a great mix of single family homes and condos along Grandview Avenue.  There are big plans for more development on the mount so stay tuned. There is no better place to view the city from.  My dad lives in Grandview Towers and when I visit, I never tire of staring out at the city framed in by the three rivers.  Walk to fine dining or great lunch spots.  Take the incline to Station Square or walk the mountainside trails.  It is truly a great place to live or visit.
3	Very quaint but very small. Not somewhere i would visit again. It was a nice stroll and had a great view.
5	A beautiful vista.
5	Best view of the steel city!!! Even better on the 4th of July fireworks display. It might be the best view of any city I've been to.
4	Worth the wait in line.
4	If you visiting Pittsburgh don't miss the view point of Mt.washingtown. When you on the top of mountain you will see the entire city, the view in the evening is even spectacular.
5	Everyone loves Mt Washington, right? I've lived here since 2011 and most likely need multiple hands to count the times we've headed here to just hang out at the overlook The view is still as beautiful to me as it was the first time. I enjoy bringing my friends out of town here as well as family. Sometimes we head to the little ice cream shop down the street to enjoy a sweet treat. It's also fun just walking down Shiloh.. of course you lose the view but Mt Washington is a nice area. I often fantasize of renting one of those apartments & condos on Grandview and seeing that beautiful view daily!
4	Picture perfect view of Pittsburgh.  Beautiful scenery. Quiet neighborhood.  You can never get bored of this place.
5	Panoramic and breathtaking views of the entire city. Spectacular at night. Gives the NYC skyline a serious run for its money. We drove up here and parked, and the entire experience was free, which blew my mind.
