3	This place is a little storefront in a strip mall on Cooper & Warner. It is probably not the best Chinese in AZ but it is good and convenient for people in G-Town. They have delivery, take-out or dine-in. The restaurant is small but clean. Their pot stickers are amazing. They are handmade and come with a yummy sauce. The rest of the food is pretty standard. The people are very friendly. It is worth the trip for the dumplings.
4	i enjoy this place very much. not only is it convenient and close to home, but the food is pretty good. i especially like the walnut shrimp, sesame chicken, sesame beef. the only downside is this place is very small so i suggest that if you live near the area, i would just do take-out so you can enjoy eating it at home. i like the fact they place it in plastic to go containers that you can save and re-use. the delivery time is fast and they provide coupons with good deals. sometimes hole-in-the-wall places are the secret and this place is my go to place for quick, good chinese food. i go here at least once every two weeks.
1	Lunch today. I wish I had just gone to McD across the street instead - it would have been cheaper and not left me with this queasy feeling hours later ... I went based on the other two reviews. Granted it's been almost 6 months since I've had Chinese food but I think the lack contributed to this impulsive move. I had the cold noodles with sesame sauce and some veg potstickers. Once I got in the car with them, I was immediately struck by the new odor - it was almost like feet - (sorry to be gross) very strange. I didn't really want to eat them but reasoned that I had to try at least one. Even though it smelled stronger out of the box. Which I did. Just one. And I love pan-fried dumplings. Then I moved on to the noodles, which were marginally better (had added bonus of chicken - not mentioned) but not by much. Plus it didn't taste the way I expected - lighter and more tart sesame flavor. No cucumber - peapods instead.The one lady behind the counter (Lily?) was nice even though her English is limited. Evidently she's the greeter, cashier, cook and probably driver all in one. The place was much as described - small with some booths along the wall. Bistro - I suppose but it's not like any bistro I've ever seen ... Clean enough, but there's signs of neglect that make the place look really sad - in a break-one's-heart type of way. That and the fact that there were no other customers and only one slip before mine at 12:45.The prices were quite reasonable for the quantity of food offered. However, given that I intend to jettison the lot later, for me it was not economical ... or wise - I was sick the whole rest of the day.However, I just tried two things. Given that the menu is quite large and I could just be unlucky - there is an invisible star there for other people who want to try it and have stronger stomachs. Just imagine it's two.
1	Closed down by the health department...Maybe that is why their pot stickers were so good! ;)
4	Couple of my co-workers and I came here the other day.  It's a very small restaurant nested between a couple other shops.  They have some great lunch specials and it was very good and very filling.  I would definately consider stopping by again.
1	This restaurant is closed!
