5	This is a true barbershop. Went here after my disaster at Nelson's this morning. My poor boyfriends hair was a mess and Greg stepped up to the challenge. Considering the amount of hair left from prior fiasco he did an amazing job. Greg was very meticulous and checked and rechecked making sure every hair was even. Since my boyfriend now required a different style greg did a nice razor trim to frame the cut. The atmosphere was super laid back and everyone was laughing. Will definitely return :)
3	I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  It is close to my work so I went during my lunch break.  I had a hard time finding the place.  According to the address numbering it should have been on the Southeast corner, but it is actually on the Southwest corner behind SuperPawn in the strip mall.  My first impression upon entering was that this place is ghetto.  They had couches and 8 or 10 barber chairs.  Everything seemed run down.  Most of the leather was cracked.  Hip hop played on the radio.  I chose not to judge the book by its cover and give it a try.  Only three barbers were working.  There was no check-in station.  A barber called me over and we began.  My barber, Cal, worked quickly but did a good job.  He seemed like a cool guy.  I did not like how they used compressed air to blow the hair pieces off your head and shoulders.  It was too loud and made my ears ring.  All stations had that set up so I assume it is standard practice there.  Cal said the place has been open for seven years.  Cal told me about several celebrities that get their hair cut there.  The cut was $15 before tip.  I felt like I got my money's worth.  I would go back, but I prefer a different atmosphere.  I'm not suggesting that they change their style.  That is their niche.  If you like the "thug life" atmosphere and hip-hop haircuts than this joint is for you.  I prefer Figaro's Barber Shop in the Northwest.
5	As some of you might know Ive been searching for the best barbershop in Vegas since moving here last spring. Well Im pretty sure I found it. It was a Sunday afternoon and I was going to try Gerardo's one more time but ended up they were closed. The led display said they had another location at Decatur and Sahara so headed up there with hopes they had later hours. Well I never did find the other Gerardo's location but accidentally stumbled on Gq and the sign says open till 7pm, hooray! The vibe in Gq is hip-hop with a touch of school barber that made me think I was in the right place. While I didn't have an appointment I was sat right away and my barber started the consultation. He made suggestions about how to cut my hair, shape my beard etc.. with quiet and steadfast execution I got one of the most precise fades and beard trims Ive had in Vegas. Completely awesome! I felt like a new man walking out of there and ya know what, both the haircut and beard trim were $25. BRING CASH! They have a cash only policy! Also if F bombs offend you this might not be a place you'd want to check out. The banter between the barbers was pretty funny though some might find it offensive. If you're looking for an awesome fade, cut, beard and mustache trim Gq has the goods to make you feel like a shiny new penny.
5	Yesterday I got another haircut and this time had a shave and beard trim as well (see pic).. you know Gq just keeps getting better. It was the most relaxing time having my face shaved by someone who knows exactly what they were doing. When he was done I was floored how awesome I looked. If you want to feel awesome about yourself just get a haircut from Gq, they f-ing rock!
5	Walked in and got a great straight razor shave from Kali. Two lathers, two hot towels, great blade, balm, another towel. Great atmosphere. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas!
1	No longer frequenting this barbershop
4	Cool place to get a cut....everyones friendly, they have comfy chairs and sofas while you wait. They pay attention to details. I was happy with my cut and ill be back for sure
1	It's amazing to me that a place is in business. I went in there one time and it was just okay. The second time I walked in wasn't greeted. I took a seat with other people and waited. The barbers one by one finished cutting peoples hair and just decided to take a break. One started eating, 2 walked out the door and 2 more just sat there talking. You'd think a business would want customers?! No big deal, theres plenty of barber shops in the area. Never again will I go here.
5	The moment we walked in, we were greeted and my son was seated into a chair. The staff is amazing, they're so nice!Their waiting area is very cozy and the music they play is good and not so good... Lol I don't really get into hip hop like I did when I was younger but I sure did appreciate the old school jams! :)) and I really don't think that this place is ghetto, if you want ghetto, go up Sahara and take your booty over to Cesar's, that place is the definition of rundown, shit smells like a public restroom, service sucks and the MF's are always on their phones.My son liked his cut so much better than the other place mentioned. They know how to deal with different textured hair, my son has thick coarse hair. We took our nephews here, their hair is softer than my sons and they did a good job on their hair too.I have to mention Charlie, he's the barber that takes care of my son and he's uber nice and does an amazing job each time.
5	Leonard Morris Jr. and all my boys goes to ROB for their haircuts for years now, Rob is like a family to us, very nice, professional, helpful.    The owner barber lady Diva Shasma  is awesome and friendly.  My mother inlaw Dorris Morris have been going to her for haircut for over 10 years.   We love this barber shop.
5	Love this barbershop. We visit every year to prep for our basketball tournament, This time, new owners and they r the best. Great customer service and everyone coming in and out looked great. Bahama took care of us and our entire team from 10-6! Working his magic!
5	Got a fresh cut today from Randy. This is the first time ever that I've gone to get my hair cut and I didnt feel awkward cause I didnt know what to talk about or I didnt understand the language everyone was talking. Also, Randy cut my hair just the way I like and didnt take him almost an hour like most barbers I've gone to in town. I can finally say I found someone I'll only be going to cut my hair! If you come in, ask for Randy or wait for him to give you a cut.
4	A true urban barbershop on the outskirts of Las Vegas. Cut was more than half the cost of a cut on the strip, including a generous tip! Got an awesome cut and beard trim from "C". Will definitely come back!
