5	United is sooo much more than a Fish Market!!They have added a Butcher Shop for a while now and now sell fresh vegetables and fresh fruit, fresh spices, pasta, jars of pesto, cold cuts, sundried tomatoes, olives,  jardenierie, cheeses galor too!I personally not a seafood fan but I have heard and can imagine how super good that would be because of the the standards they set on the meat and produce they sell :).The place is impeccable clean an organized which is always comforting & gives a great impression when you food shopping! Where steak in general is more expensive you can catch a weekly deal here quite often.The deals are really great this past Saturday I pick up a Back Angus steak $ 3.26! They have homemade sausages that are out of this world and a nice selection of lamb, lamb/veal, veal, chicken and italian style, I can tell you the lamb, lamb/veal are totally amazing still haven't had the chicken but plan on this weekend, I'll update. They have sausages in a thicker or thinner format, I buy both but mostly thinner so I can add to my tomato sauces. The prices run approx $ 2 - 2.50 for a pack of 3 and when on special $ 1.25.- 1.60!! of course depends on the weight! Bottom Line a must try!!The minced meat again super fresh an you'll get more bang for your buck!They have ready made burgers of lamb, chicken & beef as well good for those quick fix times but I personally like my own better.They have cutlets breaded and in bread of veal, chicken, beef & pork, the chicken breaded are amazing and the cost difference for the breading them...approx.  one cent/ pound more!I could write a a short story lol but will stop here so you can discover United!Buon Appetito
5	United is my go to place for seafood but they sell plenty of other food as well including fruits, vegetables, cheese and Italian products (pasta, olive oil, etc, etc).  The place is very clean and the fish is always fresh and of good quality.  I'm also a big fan of their meat counter.  They sell these marinated chicken wings which when thrown on the grill make for a great addition to any BBQ.  They also have good cuts for roasts.
4	Wow...popped in here as I wanted to see what this place was all about!I would call it a serious Seafood Market with butcher shop and fresh fruit and Veg! They have pretty much everything you can think of for fresh and frozen seafood that you can get in Montreal. Props given for the excellent selection of fresh fish! I ended up getting some Raspberry point oysters and also some Matane shrimp. Both were very fresh and very tasty!  Also impressed that they had some biological salmon (I guess not farm raised).  As most of our E coast salmon is the terrible farm raised!  They have a solid produce department with fresh fruit and veg with comparable prices to any other maxi, Super C or IGA. What I really liked however was their meat shop. I noticed that they had some nice thin cuts "Italian style" of veal plus chicken. Fantastic for doing a Milanese style fried cutlet or a cordon Bleu or Swiss or chicken with stuffing in the middle. Prices were very reasonable also!Most of the clientele is St Leo, St. Michel and a maybe some who drive from RDP.  Great selection.  Come for the Seafood or meat and pick up some other items!  As Red Lobster says you man See-Food differently!
