4	Hungry and tired late last night, we stumbled out of the apartment thinking we'd settle on Dad's bagels and cream cheese to appease our tummy rumblings. But something in me whispered, "just check 5000 ans, you never know, maybe Jenny is still there." Lo and behold, she was, her jovial self, happily shuffling around the tiny restaurant, seemingly, waiting just for us. It was 9:30PM, who else could she be waiting for!I've been here before to pick up items for takeout, but never actually sat down for a meal. The place is packed during lunch and dinner, and in the summer, it was nearly impossible to even see into the restaurant, there were that many people there!The restaurant is very small, the former space occupied by Burritoville. Some people might describe it as quaint, and that would be accurate, but it has a ton of character, much like the owner/chef Jenny. There are 2 picnic tables up front, along two tables that seat 4 people, off to the side is a mini spot with a table and 2 chairs and finally, a table right in front of the kitchen, where Jenny will often seat her invited guests. With a piano, planted right in the middle of it all.We were tired, but my hunger grew with the mention of house made pancakes; Seafood Pajeon, a must order item if there ever was one. To start, we ordered the Pajeon and Kim Gui (roasted & salted seaweed). The Seafood Pajeon come out was absolutely delicious and every bite had seafood in it, there was no skimping here.I was hungry but not hungry enough to order a main dish, however my boyfriend ordered the Galbi; Korean-style marinated beef ribs. As is traditional, Jenny brought out several Korean condiments, including a homemade KimChi, some marinated lotus root and pickled peppers, along with two bowls of miso soup.Though I only ate one piece myself (I gorged on the seafood pancake) my dining companion described the meat as succulent, even though it seemed to be only lightly marinated. His words were tender and fresh. The only issue he he found was a few splinters of bone, maybe due to the thinness of the slices.Everything at Restaurant 5000 Ans is made in house, and most of that is made by Jenny herself which I find super impressive. The restaurant does offer Korean BBQ, and at lunch you'll find an all-you-can-eat special on their chalkboard.
4	There have been a few changes at 5000 Ans, but the food remains consistently good and Jenny is consistently chipper! They've taken out the picnic table (literally, out, they are now outside and serve as patio seating) and in their place are a couple of tables and chairs. Personally, I liked the picnic tables, but chairs work too!Yesterday afternoon, hungry but too tired to cook, three of us walked over to 5000 Ans, they were just opening and so, the place was a little stuffy, we decided to sit outside. Good thing, since the tables inside could never have held the amount of food we ended up ordering.We had the seafood pancake, tofu, pork and kimchi stir-fry, calamari and pork belly. Plus, my GF had a little bit of sake (I can't because of antibiotics). Total for 3 stuffed people?! 90$ - including the tip! That's crazy inexpensive and what we ordered could have served 4 people easily!
3	Satisfactory but unexceptional.I had the vegetarian bibimbap. I've had better, but it was okay. I didn't receive the usual arrange of kimche that I've come to expect at Korean restaurants before my meal.Atmosphere was non-existent. A TV playing Korean musical performers played silently, while nondescript music played over the sound system.
1	I'm very disappointed in our meal as we've been to this restaurant many times since it opened on Monkland. First off, service was very slow, perhaps because there is only 1 waitress for the entire restaurant and 1 cook, albeit a small place.  The only white wine available tastes like dep wine. Fluorescent lights took away from what once was a cozy environment. After waiting 45 mins our Bibimpaps were served and you would think they would be delicious and fresh. Not at all - they were bland yet extremely spicy. Maybe the beeping microwave about 20 times prior wouldve been a sign...1/2 of the bowl was filled with soybeans, scant traces of meat and a couple leaves of lettuce, no egg and lots of rice. After complaining, we were offered a replacement for takeout which we took along with the bland portions. Fried egg this time! (totally cooked, I left it behind) Maybe I can do something with it at home, add some sesame oil and more vegetables? I don't know, I paid 80 worth of rice and soybeans and felt like sh!t.This place used to be rock solid.Will not return. What a shame.
