5	Shout out to my girl Miriam! :)We were just laying around, suffering from heat exhaustion, and we wanted to get out of the house but had no idea what we wanted to do, so I signed onto Yelp and came across my GF's latest review about Menchie's! Yay Mir! So we gathered ourselves off of the floor, hopped onto our bikes and headed over there. It's a 5-10 min bike ride, 1 min or less car ride away from our place. We get there and  it's pretty busy, considering that they just opened. Staff is super friendly, we were greeted right away and they were really helpful. I really appreciated that they were on top of cleaning the area for the toppings. I can't stand it when I see toppings all over the counter, it's just unappealing and bothersome especially when people have allergies to certain things. Yay Menchie's!The decor is eye catching. Polka dots plastered all over the yogurt area, and the kid in me saw the stuffed animal and charm bracelets that they sell, sitting on on the counter, very cute! They have an outdoor seating area, if you're like me and hate eating yogurt in an air conditioned room, I get cold easily, I hate that but there are plenty of places to sit inside and out. We brought our pup with us and we noticed that they have doggy bowls for water! Pet friendly! If you're into toppings, you're going to have a field day here, they have TONS. And their setup is very nice, it's less likely for cross-contamination to occur, it's like going to the candy store, it's covered and you use a little shovel to put your toppings onto your yogurt. They also have a fresh fruit section and cross-contamination will likely happen there but again, they're on top of that so no need to worry!The flavors were very creamy and yummy. What we really like about Menchie's is the fact that they offer low-carb, dairy-free and sugar-free options. Hubster's sugar intake is limited so it's awesome that they offer these because of the fact that it's tough finding a place that has sugar-free yogurt with great flavor. He had the Angel Food Cake, sugar-free and he loved it! I'm not sure what my son had as he devoured it way before I was able to see what he got. They also offer waffle cones for $1, I really wanted to get one but I got Georgia Peach & Strawberry Banana and I didn't think that it'd taste right. One thing that they have that I haven't seen anywhere else is the fact that they have a little room in the back, which I am assuming is a private room for parties. They have tables, chairs and a chalk board in there and as you can see from my girl Miriam's photos :) We're in love with Menchie's, even more so because they're right down the street :)***ATTENTION, EVENT***WHO: Parents and their childrenWHEN: June 5, 2010 9:30am  to 2:00pmWHERE: Menchie's Frozen YogurtWHAT: The DNA LifePrint Child Safety EventHOW: Just go there at the above Time & Date!WHY: Endorsed by John Walsh, you'll receive the following:-FREE FBI Certified Biometric 10 Digit Fingerprint Profile-FREE high resolution full color Digital Photograph of your child-FREE Child Safety Journal -FREE Home DNA Identification Kit*They do NOT collect the information, you take home everything, it's for your records in case something happens.
5	YAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!! This was my first event for Yelp that I attended. Lil Man and I were so happy to check it  that they had little things for the kids like the bounce houses for them to get into and jump around. And let's see. When we first got there, we were greeted by the cashier and she directed us towards the back so that Lil Man could get his fingerprints taken and his picture taken. Then we went to get our yogurts. I had a cup full of orange sorbet mixed with their newest addition of hawaiian delight sorbet. Then I had mine topped off with mangos, pineapples, cherries, and blackberries. Lil Man wasn't sure about getting one because he left Yogurtland the last time with a not such a great taste and a bad impression of yogurts, but as soon as I convinced him to try the hawaiian delight sorbet, he was hooked. So, he went and got a cup and filled it up as well with, of course, hawaiian delight sorbet, vanilla, and some others... he went on his own to make his own recipe. I was able to see what his recipe was because I had to hold the cup while he added cherries, cherries, and more cherries with strawberries and more strawberries. He is a fruit addict like his mama. LOL.. Afterwards, we were satisfied with our choices and walked out with full bellies of yogurt and fruits.
5	Soooooo, Lil Man and I loved Menchie's sooooo much from 6/5/10, that we went back the next day twice.... LOL.... The first time we went on 6/6/10, I had a combo of Hawaiian Delight Sorbet, Blueberry Pomegranate, and Coconut yogurts topped with once again mangos, pineapples, cherries, and this time instead of blackberries, I added blueberries. My son..... I don't what his combo was because he did the same thing by mixing everything. Then we left to meet family at Meadows Mall, walked around, bought some stylish clothes for myself, and then went back to Menchies with the family. The second time around, I had the combo of Hawaiian Delight, Blueberry Pomegranate, and Orange sorbet topped again with.... gotta have my mangos, pineapples, cherries, and blueberries. Lil Man, well, once again went off to make his own combo. Grandma, Lil Sis, and her friend made their own combos as well... I forgot what each of them had.. They charge $0.39 per oz... The first time around, we paid like $10 almost $11. The second time we went thru, with the additional combos came out to like $26. My son loves going there now that he went and asked if they were hiring. I asked the day before how long they were open and the guy told me that they have only been open like a month. So with that, they said that they are still hiring... And as soon as they said that, my son went and got two applications.. one for my Lil Sis and one for her friend... so that he can get a discount... so he thinks... LOL...
4	I decided to try Menchie's out tonight. It was definitely a lil busy and the interior looks cool. I liked the fact that Menchie's have sorbets. I personally didn't try them, because I didn't want to hold up the line. However, for those that are allergic to dairy, its definitely a great alternative.The waffle bowls looked awesome, but I was too full to get one. The only flavor that I tried was the vanilla which I did not care for much. It tasted too artificial, but I liked the fact that they had a lot of toppings to choose from. I think next time I go, I will definitely make it a point to try other flavors. Another positive thing is that Menchie's has a frequent buyer card. Incentive for people like me to go back and get the 10th one free. Unfortunately, I think that Menchie's is a lil more pricier than Yogels or Yogurtland, but I think its worth the try.
5	I'm normally an ice cream girl and not a yogurt girl but, after some cajoling from my hubbie we brought the kids over here to give it a try.  We must have filled out 4 of their frequent buyer cards since they opened!  Their flavors are so delicious and light.  Perfect for the hot Vegas summer.  My favorites are the Hawaiian, Red Velvet, and Pineapple tart.I love the variety of dry toppings, much more than many of the other fro-yo places out there.  They also have a great selection of fresh fruit toppings.  The staff are always super friendly and they are on top of making sure the dispensers and topping area are always clean.
4	I love that you can be as healthy or as unhealthy as you want here. Usually I will get either lemon or blueberry yogurt with fresh fruit like blueberries, strawberries, or kiwi as toppings. Other times I like the peanut butter or chocolate yogurt with candy bar toppings. This Menchie's is the closest frozen yogurt place to my house so I usually come here once a week and it has never disappointed. They do a lot to keep you coming back including a 20 % discount if you come the following day and a punch card where you get your 10th frozen yogurt (up to 10oz) for free.
4	I stopped in late last night and tried two of their flavors - cake batter and another I just don't remember.  I didn't see any of the no sugar flavors, but I'll look when I go back.  Lots of good toppings including gently crushed Reese's Pieces.  I was impressed by the fact that the toppings were in bins that had a magnet to keep them open while you scooped the toppings.  A small thing, but very well thought out.I had the side patio all to myself.  It just made the stop at Menchie's a very enjoyable one.  This was my first visit to a Menchie's and it was super!    I'll be back.PS:  For now, this location only has a promo that if you come back the next day, you get 20% off the second visit.  Not bad.
3	I was going here all the time, but the flavors started getting really bad, and they wont bring back the ones that are good!! Have been looking around for a new place due to this issue
3	Love the location, staff is great, but the flavors are awful now, when they first opened the flavors changed a lot and were really good, now they are horrible. Wont go back until they change there flavors.
1	Starting to get annoyed by the flavors.  They rarely ever change their flavors and are stuck on horrible flavors... I rather drive the extra 2 min to golden spoon.  The sad thing is i use to love this place at the beginning.  The flavors were amazing and they switched them up, now they don't. Loss the cake batter and georgia peach once in a while !!!
5	Menchie's you evil store you are getting me hooked on your deliciousness.  You tempt me will all of your wonderful toppings, and I find myself powerless to resist. Yet I keep coming back for more, sigh.Velvet Red Cake Batter HOLY WAK-A-MOLY
5	I tried Menchies last week for the first time on Monday and I have to admit - this place is HIGHLY addictive. In the past 7 days I've been here 3 times taking and grabbing anyone I could to come with me to bask in the deliciousness of their frozen yogurt.  I used to wonder what the big deal was on frozen yogurt was.  Now I see.I find myself memorized by my seasonal weakness: pumpkin.  Also, their cake batter tastes so good, but sounds so bad (but not really bad :) )To complete my dessert, I sprinkle granola and fresh strawberries.  For each of my visits, my seemingly bursting cups of yogurt have been well under $5.00 at $0.30 per oz.To top it off, the nutritional sacrifice to enjoy such a great tasting snack is very minimal. 130-115 calories with ZERO fat for 1/2 cup of their various frozen yogurt flavors.I am a fan. I am obsessed. I am semi-loathing it's convenient location to where I work. I think we should form a support group for anyone that has the Menchies!  I think I'm going to drop by there today after writing this review...
5	I gave Cherry on Top five stars for one simple reason - they have lychees in their toppings selection. Well guess what? So does Menchies! The precedent has been set. It's an automatic fiver.It's deserved. Menchie's froyo is delicious. I sampled a few before I settled on a tart and a mango flavor combination. I wish I remember what they're called. All of their flavors are currently Halloween-themed, but I assume they are just renamed from the usual. On top of the froyo, I piled on the lychees and not much else (I added some gummy bears and some mochi).I definitely have to come back here. I always drive by this place on the way to/from LVAC. But I usually work out late, so they're usually closed. I used to wonder what I was missing. Now I know.
3	First time to menchies , cool store. Like the set up of the store , user friendly. Lots of dry toppings , hot caramel, chocolate , butterscotch and peanut butter.         I tried the coconut, strawberry and banana.  Also had some fresh strawberries, kiwi and mochi. Did not try the hot sauces wanted to taste the yogurt since my first time . All the yogurt flavors were good , the yogurt itself was not as creamy as other places. Reminded me of ice milk. I would not go out of my way to go there again, but if I were driving by I would not hesitate to stop by.
5	The owner is a client of mine, otherwise I never would have tried it. I was impressed with him the day he went in, tried all the yogurt and threw out a whole batch for being too runny, and it would have passed my quality test. They are obsessed with quality and outdoing the competition, I will always go here before the other g-spoon or serve yourself yogurt places and recommend them whole heartedly. People dig on the red velvet cake, but that's not me, I prefer the pomegranate with fresh blueberries over the top. Where do they get those fresh fruits year round?
5	Menchie's, oh Menchie's...what did I do before discovering you?  Oh yea, I shopped at far less superior fro-yo joints!Everything about Menchie's is deserving of 5 stars!  Their frozen yogurt is the best tasting fro-yo in town.  They always have great flavors, and they're constantly switching up the bunch.  It doesn't have that bland or watered down taste that so many of the other joints have.  If the flavor says Cake Batter...it really does taste like Cake Batter!  And you throw in other flavors like Apple Pie, Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, Chocolate Cheesecake, Pistachio, and Cafe Latte and it's hard to go wrong!The topping station is awesome as well!  Every candy you can think of, from crumbled Butterfinger, Heath Bar, Kit Kat, etc.  Then sprinkles to jelly beans to crumbled Graham Cracker to chocolate chips.  Then all the fresh fruit like Blackberries, Kiwi, Lychee, Watermelon, etc.  And also my favorite, Mochi!  They also have Hot Fudge, Caramel, Marshmallow Cream, etc to top your creation with.  And if you're feeling adventurous, the regular and chocolate waffle bowls await!The staff is really great too!  I go on such a regular basis that I've gotten to know them all by name, and they're all very friendly and helpful to every customer.  There is plenty of seating both inside and outside.  And there's even a party/birthday room in the back for those wanting to throw a fro-yo party for their children.So if you're a fro-yo fan...you really can't go wrong with Menchie's!!!
4	70 degrees in early February? That calls for some frozen yogurt! I've heard good things about Menchie's so I thought I'd check out the one close to my place in the southwest. They've got your typical froyo setup... self-serve yogurt, toppings, sauce.Some of the flavors that I sampled were great, like chocolate silk, cheesecake, and red velvet. They were smooth and creamy. But the best one I tried was pecan praline -- absolutely delicious without being too sweet.There were plenty of toppings (nuts, bananas foster, fruit, mochi, brownies, chocolate syrup, etc.) and the station was spotless. I hate walking in to a place that's a dump and has toppings mixed together. Each item looked fresh also, no partially frozen strawberries or mushy, nasty pineapples.At $0.30 per ounce this place is also cheaper than other froyo places around town.
4	Whenever we decide to come to Menchie's, we literally go in another 2-3 times that same week!Family run, very nice staff, easy to talk to. A nice variety of flavors to choose from, they even give samples before you choose. The amount of different toppings they offer is awesome! The fruit is fresh, & it's kept very clean. Awesome fro-yo shop.
3	I feel it's a need to update my review for Menchie's.  It was a 5 star spot for me before, but now between how they've gone down in quality this Menchie's location has lost two stars.  They still have some good flavors here, and the topping station is still fine.  But I have two pet peeves about this place now.  First, the yogurt is never cold and firm anymore.  You pour it into your cup, put your toppings on, grab a table, and it's already starting to melt.  That's pretty bunk!  I don't know if it's an ingredient thing, them adding too much water to the mix, or just not keeping the machines as cold as they should be, but whatever it is they need to fix it.  Eating soft, melting, mushy fro-yo is not too pleasant...so that's -1 star. Second, a lot of the main and friendly staff from the past has quit.  Not sure why, whether it was a matter of hours, workload, pay, etc.  But the familiar and friendly faces have all disappeared, and have been replaced for the most part by young and emotionless kids that seem like they just don't want to be there.  A good staff can make or break a place to me, and with the staff changes...that's -1 star as well.Hopefully they make some changes and beef up where they're now lacking, especially with the busy summer months right around the corner.  I'll still make an occasional appearance to see how it's doing, and hopefully some improvements happen soon.
4	Menchies was different from the other yogurt chains starting with their cute mascot (ok, I'm a sucker for cute-ness) and not to mention the awesome spoons (that I hope people are reusing because those are fancy). The colors were bright and family friendly with crayons on a table and a fun chalkboard at the right height for my small nephews. It was pretty funny to see the little one write with chalk, then stick his hand in his ice cream to eat his gummy bears.But the yogurt was tasty. I had cakebatter and red velvet cake swirled. The best part, though, was all the toppings. Set up in cute little plastic containers where you can actually reach the toppings without shoving your arm under a small sneeze guard (but they were covered plastic containers to still save from sneezes). They had everything from mochi to litchee boba (which reminded me of the texture and pop of salmon eggs but instead of sea-water burst, it was yummy litchee explosions). The worker was very nice, introducing me to their "smiley" rewards program where they handed me, not a paper punch card, but an actual plastic card you can swipe to earn points. Very cool. I might have only been there once, but definitely my favorite yogurt place so far and I've been to many!
3	Tried this place upon finding out they had low carb options...make that one. all the other flavors are not, and i do believe there were about a total of 10 flavors all together.Lots of toppings including bobas.Kids working behind the counter kind of annoyed me. We ate outside since the weather was nice,where the most obnoxious music was playing. Seemed pretty run of the mill/standard. Of the three chains I've been to my rankings are:1. tie between various Uswirls and town square yogurtland2. menchies...which means I will most likely not be back,due to the lack of individuality. It had the usual fair plus petty annoyances.On a side note, I did repurpose the cute spoons into my lunches for work, they are good quality.
4	Cutest frozen yogurt place I have ever been to!! yes I'm a sucker for cute stuff. My first impression when I walked it was that the place was gigantic (for a yogurt place). I also noticed that they had a wide variety of flavors that I had never seen before especially tart flavors which I truly love! This includes watermelon tart and pina colada tart AHHHH SOO AWWESSOOMMEE! They have a wide range of toppings and they also make fresh waffle bowls.
4	great yogurt flavors, cake batter was very delicious but makes me wonder how much sugar is in the flavors. not much sugar free flavors. definitely kid friendly. there are tons of toppings to add including fresh fruit and boba. there were kids running everywhere so it felt awkward. It's good, but I think I'd go somewhere else since I don't have kids. atmosphere is family friendly, there's coloring pages done by kids on a bulletin board. I'm a college kid, so it's not the place for me. I still prefer cherry on top/ u swirl/yogurtland.
5	This is by far the best frozen yogurt in town. Good variety and lots of toppings to choose from.  You pay by the ounce and cab get as many flavors as you can fit in your cup.
5	So clean, very friendly, & great hours. Plus the selection of yogurt & toppings are AWESOME!
4	Clean and yummy. Toppings sometimes labeled backward. Never very busy during lunch. :)
4	I've been to a number of Menchie's over the years. Mostly in Los Angeles, a couple in Vegas and one in Scottsdale, but I recently moved to the SW side of Vegas and this location is within walking distance of my home.Everything about this spot rocks.It's always clean, the consistency of the yogurt is great, and the flavors constantly change, so each time I go in, I get a nice little surprise. Also the topping bar is well-maintained.Kudos Menchies!
5	Menchie's is a super delicious fun hot spot to get the best frozen yogurt anyway you like it.
5	Cake batter, vanilla snow & peanut butter!  Topped with peanut butter chips, white chocolate chips, yogurt covered raisins and Cap'n Crunch!Not a hint of iciness in this fro-yo, yo!  A great selection of flavors, more toppings than you can shake a spoon at, and pretty cheap!  And Kosher too!  It's just too bad they didn't have any yogurt head hats available anymore, or the Spy Kits that are supposed to come with every Menchie's mix made.  But either way, this was a great frozen treat for dessert, and looking forward to getting some mo'!
5	It's always clean, the  yogurt is great, the flavors constantly change, but each time I go in, I hope they have the peanut butter it is the best . there are coupons in  the entertainment bookAlso the topping bar is well-maintained.
4	The wifey loves this place and they have a great selection of toppings to turn your non-fat fro-yo experience into a 5000 calorie gut bomb :)
4	Boy do I love Menchies!  There are many yogurt stores close to me but I choose to get on the highway and drive 20 mins to the closest Menchies!My dog loves it too. Well, I think she likes all frozen yogurt, and just likes going for rides in the car in general. The store is always clean, staff is always nice, and they have a great selection of flavors and toppings. I think I like it the most because of Mascot, the atmosphere, bright colors and that's where I get my pencils!Yay Menchie's!
2	Not impressed. The red velvet melted in mere minutes before I can finish eating it. I noticed when it was coming out of the machine that it didn't seem to be the proper temp to hold its shape for long. I was drinking red velvet soup by minute 3. The toppings look well organized and clean. First and last time going to that place. I've had better.
5	Menchie's is my favorite frozen yogurt place!  I love their flavors...recently enjoyed vanilla snow, strawberry banana, tart grapefruit, and tart pomegranate.  The peanut butter was also really good!  Can't get enough of those passionfruit balls too.  The hours are great, open 11a-11p everyday.  Will definitely be back!
5	I come 1 to 2 times a week. Its the bomb baby
4	What separates Menchies from all the other yogurt places out there is the cup. Some places us the same cup which allows you to put the amount of toppings on that you would like and the toppings will not fall down the side of the cup. Other places use a small cup, fill it all the way with yogurt and press the topping onto the side of the yogurt. I hate that.So, all in all Menchie's is like any other yogurt place really. The have good tasting yogurt, good toppings and the place is clean.
3	They got some good stuff going for them including a few toppings I've never seen before.  I had no idea "strawberry boba" or "passion fruit boba" ever existed..  But it wasn't really like boba at all!  It was more like fruity salmon roe with how it popped in my mouth.  Really wild!  At least as wild as self serve frozen yogurt gets. My ONLY gripe was that the yogurt itself got pretty runny really quick.  Turn down the temperature a bit in the fridge?  I got the cake batter/red velvet combo which tasted great until it turned into liquid in about 2 minutes.  It would've been great otherwise.
3	There were no popping boba pearls when I went in and there are less flavors at this location but they always seem to have a deal going on or coupon (which only works at the Lake Mead location). Every time I've gone in, they are never super busy and the staff is always nice. I love how cute the Menchie's mascots are...
4	Decided to try this place out since it was down the street from me. I was immediately greeted right when I got in which was nice. Tried a few flavors but wasn't too pleased with the vanilla nor red velvet yogurt. I did like the very berry yogurt however when it came out, it came out too frozen. I like my yogurt creamy and not get a brain freeze every bite I take and thats how I felt with mines. There was a huge selection of toppings. A bit messy and the fruits didn't look fresh. Overall, I was satisfied with my yogurt however I probably won't come back unless I'm really craving for some froyo.
5	Always come here for that late night snack that you think is healthier than going to town on some Ben&Jerrys Cherry Garcia. Every time i'm here i see the same guy working the counter and always cleaning everything. He always has a smile, and helpful information ready. Last time i went here, my wife gave me STRICT directions for her toppings and, of course, i got them wrong. When i went back i explained my situation to the gentlemen working the floor and he was more than understanding with my situation. I was not ready to sleep on the couch for a "ruined" Fro-yo trip just yet and he was awesome about allowing me to correct it. I might have got it wrong again, but its all good, because i gained two fro-yo's for myself while i was on that couch all night. Cha-Ching!
5	definitely a favorite!  menchies is the ONLY place in vegas to find the low carb yogurt!  its 45 calories per serving, which is less than half of the sugar free options at any other place.  los angeles has a handful of places to offer this, and ive looked around quite a bit to no avail.   the employees are so incredibly sweet, and the place is always clean.  they change their flavors about twice a week, and i love the variety.  the flavors are interesting and beyond the norm, which is a huge plus for me.  i get bored with the usual.the texture is never icy, grainy or drippy.  its creamy and doesnt melt too quickly.  i rarely get toppings, but they have a great variety.  also, the only place ive ever seen FRESH whipped cream (not from a spray can).  the set up is cute and never messy.  the decor and colors are bright and cheerful, like an elegant playground.  take advantage of the smileage (rewards point system), it adds up quickly, umm...for me anyway.  no punch card to carry, you just give your phone number.i will never stop begging...PLEASE come out to henderson!  save me some gas!
3	This was my first visit to this location.  They were located on W Russell Rd/ S Grand Canyon Dr in Las Vegas.  They are the only Menchie's in Las Vegas.I went for the free 6 ounces of frozen yogurt good for yesterday only for National Frozen Yogurt Day.  They were only accepting printed coupons, which was kind of a pain.  They had a few sample cups out.They had Taro frozen yogurt which was the first time I have seen it at a Menchie's.  I have been to the Menchie's in Central Florida (Winter Park, Orlando, Palm Bay, and Melbourne) and Colorado.The cheesecake pieces were warm and stuck together.  The fresh toppings were sparse.  I don't know if I'll be back.
4	I went in to redeem my "free birthday smileage" fro-yo, but when I got to the counter and provided my phone number, he said it wasn't linked. I got an email inviting me to enjoy this free item, so I was a little off put. Aside from that I enjoy their new look and features. Every flavor has allergen information and contents posted. This is just fantastic! Everything from wheat free to containing milk, eggs, soy, peanuts, etc. Menchie's is a frozen yogurt shop that is self-served and you can also choose from an array of toppings. Toppings include things like nuts, sprinkles, candies, fresh fruit, fruit jellies, brownies, and syrups. When you're ready, your cup is weighed and that's how you purchase it.I did notice a semi private area in the back where they have board games and or puzzles. There are about half a dozen 2 & 4 top tables, as well as 2 tables outside accompanied by a heat lamp. I also saw some quarts in a side freezer for you to grab and go along with bottled water. As far as the flavoring a of yogurt goes, they vary from time to time. My favorite is when they have taro. This time however, no taro but yummy toasted marshmallow, salted caramel, and mocha latte to name a few. There were a few sorbets for those that can't do lactose. Whenever I go, I usually leave in a good mood, aside from this "free" birthday visit FAIL!
4	I was pretty excited when I saw that a Menchie's frozen yogurt shop was opening in my neck of the woods. I had never heard of the franchise before and I was excited to try it out since I read they have a variety of no sugar added AND low carb yogurt flavors. I asked the owner about their Atkins-friendly options (and I thanked him for offering a healthy alternative!), and he said each store features a different flavor of low carb and no sugar added yogurt. Since the yogurt is made at the store, the flavors will vary at different shops. At our location, the first two machines are the low carb varieties and they change a couple of times a week. There are lots of yummy toppings you can add to your yogurt, including a few low-carb options: fresh strawberries, peanuts, almonds, coconut flakes, fresh bluberries, raspberries, and the best -- sugar free hot fudge! Of course you have to have amazing willpower to not load up with the sugar-laden toppings like cookie dough, Oreo crumbles, gummi bears, whipped cream etc., but it's easy to stick to a low carb eating plan if you are careful. I opted for a swirl of the low carb and the no sugar added flavors the night I was there. The low carb flavor was toasted almond and the no sugar added flavor was mud pie. You can do either flavor individually or swirl them together. On other visits, the low carb flavors I've had were New York Cheesecake, Vanilla Malt and Capuccino. I did not try any of the other no sugar added flavors. I topped my yogurt with almonds and strawberries. You fix your own cup of yogurt so you can get as much or as little as you want. You pay by the ounce. This isn't a treat that you shoud go crazy with but it's a nice sweet treat for those of us who follow a low carb lifestyle. I am a big fan of Menchie's and I wanted to share it with other lowcarbers out there. One issue with this location: the late crew seems to like to "close up shop" a little early. While the store is supposedly open 'til 11 pm, when we were there last week around 10, the employee had already mopped the floor and moved all the chairs so there was nowhere to sit. He even shut off the OPEN sign more than 30 minutes before the posted closing time.
4	I love the texture of the fro-yo here at Menchie's more then any other fro-yo place. Most of all I like that when you eat it the flavors don't taste like powder. It is so smooth and velvety!! They have tons and tons of different topping more then any other place I have ever been to. I knocked off a star because when I walked in the guy behind the counter just left and went to the back and wasn't around for a good 5 mins. We had to wait for him to come back to pay.
4	Once upon a time, in the neighborhood off of Russell (near the 215), lived a weirdly-located Menchie's franchise.Behind a gas station, and next to a nail salon (natch), the Menchie's was generally overrun by children but churned out some decent fro-yo.They had flavors served everywhere -- red velvet, cake batter, tart, etc - but also had some randos (buttered popcorn was a particularly traumatizing experience).  But what made Menchie's truly shine in its strip-mall home was the great topping selection.  Every candy bar and every hot topping was there.  They had mochi, captain crunch, girl scout cookies, bananas foster, gummy worms and yogurt raisins.  YOGURT RAISINS.  Brilliance.Then, amongst the throngs of children, the Menchie's patrons could eat their yogurt on the side patio.  Lovelier views of trash cans and small-ass dog parks could not be had elsewhere.The end.
5	I really love this cute little cafe-like yogurt shop. Plenty of seats, great decor and very good froyo and toppings. I just wish it weren't so freakin' far west! I like the way they label the flavors too so you know which ones are low carb, sugar free or whatever. I try to stop here whenever I find myself on this side of town.
4	Some of the flavors taste yuck, but they don't trip if you taste them. The selection of toppings change from time to time, so don't get your heart set on a particular flavor or topping.
5	Love the flavors and the toppings. Store is always clean and staff are friendly. I love how they have a chalkboard for kids too. Will keep coming back here like always.
4	This is one of my guilty pleasures...frozen yogurt :-). Although the location is a little far for most, this is still a good place to try. A great place to hang for a bit behind the quiet neighborhood, or maybe after walking your dog, just having a little stroll or even after a workout in the nearby lvac gym (like me lol). Friendly staff, great selection of flavors and yummy toppings. You can try some flavors with their cute little cups too!
5	Menchies is the best!  I'm there all the time.  The flavors are always good, they have lots of toppings, and it's super convenient.  (Especially because they're always open late...)  I hope they build more!
5	I live right around the corner from Menchie's and my waistline hates me for it-- I'm seriously here at least once per week. The yogurt flavors change relatively consistently, but the tried-and-true faves are always there-- Vanilla, Red Velvet, Chocolate, Taro and Cake Batter. During my most recent trip, they had delicious Creamsicle and Berry Sorbet options just released for summer. I sampled both and found them very refreshing, although I decided on going with the Berry Sorbet. Menchie's also has a variety of toppings including marshmallows, candy bar pieces, fruit, whipped cream and hot fudge. Oh and for those of you who haven't visited, I have three words for you: Waffle Bowl Wednesday. You're welcome :)
4	The first day was great!!  I loved the employe she was so nice I come here from my school around the corner I usually come here after school. I had a great day the next day a diffrent employe was kind of rude...
5	Menchie's is a great frozen yogurt place. It has lots of options that change regularly. My favorite is Taro with 'popping pearls' similar to Boba toppings. Good service, honest people working to make a living in these harsh recessionary times. Fun for the whole family.
2	Menchie's is one of our favorite frozen yogurt places.  With it being our wedding anniversary and being in Vegas we decided to go for a late night treat.  When we first walked in another couple had walked in at the same time.  They looked around and tryed to talk to the guy standing behind the counter and just ended up leaving.  While we were looking to see what flavors were available there were no other customers in the establishment and they did not close for another hour.  Yet the guy working did nothing but stand behind the counter and play with his cell phone.  Every time we would ask him a question it was like we were bothering him to do his job.  A few of the yogurts must have been out but when trying a machine he never would acknowledge that it was out or if he was making more.  The were no waffle cones for the cups and when we mentioned those again he was too preoccupied by his cell phone.  Toppings were also running low or completely empty.All the other Menchie's we have gone to we have always had great customer service but I felt like the employee was ready to close the store already and just waiting for the night to end instead of helping out customers.
5	I love their service! Decided to stop by after swimming at Wet n' Wild. Was suppose to pay $15 but the guy gave me a coupon for a buy 1 one get 1 free deal. Paid $8 for me and my friend who put a ton of toppings ahaha :PFro-yo so delicious!! Mines was gone in less than 10 minutes. It's a must to be here! First time being here and must I say was very impressed.
5	Best frozen yogurt around, waaay better than YUMZ. Tart is the way to go any flavor.
4	This is one of the nicer frozen yogurt franchises to hit the flow your own yogurt business craze. Probably the most amount of toppings in the toppings section of any yogurt place I've seen...and they have tiny bobba tapioca balls in a couple of flavors...nice!I tried half of them before I eventually settled on vanilla which is what usually happens. For me, toppings seem to work best with vanilla. The vanilla here is good.Friendly service and the place was clean.I will return.
5	I visit Menchies regularly as they have some of the best froyo  flavors and friendly employees. I really like the low-carb, sugar-free selection because they are only 45 calories for a 4oz. Serving. Normal froyo is about 120, with ice cream typically being on the 250 range. They often have some sort of promotion going and if you join the menchies club, you get a free one every so often.
