3	The people here were great.  The location is decent, plenty of things within walking distance, and even more a short drive away.There is an outdoor swimming pool.  The fitness center has 2 treadmills, both were commonly in use when I walked by.Breakfast was decent, it's like an 8.95 buffet, no matter how much you get.  Normally I like to go light for breakfast, so 8.95 for an OJ and a muffin is a bit of a downer, I'd recommend going elsewhere if you are concerned.
4	Had an excellent stay here in 2010. The hotel staff was completely pleasant and the room was sizeable and clean. Some 2nd floor rooms even had a little standing balcony to enjoy cool autumn breezes!  The hotel appears to be all newly renovated.  This cool spot is very much walkable to the university, there are numerous ATMs, stores and shops around the area such as a Walgreens Pharmacy, Bojangles Chicken, etc.  The location was overall convenient to the highway, drivers, but also it sits near a frequent downtown bus service by C.A.T.S., although I would caution walkers and transit riders to cross only at lights and to be careful due to the lack of sidewalks in some areas of the highways, especially at night.  Best of all, I know I could not have beaten the price by staying anywhere else in Charlotte over a weekend with rather short notice.  I got a great last minute deal here.
3	Nice hotel with very comfortable beds. The sleep quality is very good. The rooms are standard and come with a very small fridge that you're only able to fit 3 cans of soda in. What I really did not like about this place is that the only place you could get wifi is in the lobby. There was no wifi in the rooms. I thought that was kind of weird but for the most part the hotel is nice.
4	Similar to all Marriott Courtyards. Not so busy, which is nice, if you like a quiet hotel. Many of the rooms have these little decks that you can walk out and stand on (no sitting room available, however). These Courtyard Marriotts are a nice balance between cheap and expensive hotels. The stuff is a little nicer, it's still free, so you're not being charged to breathe (like at some of the more expensive places). If you travel for business, it can serve your every need. I've even noticed that the food menu looks like it actually has healthy options (as opposed to "saying" it has healthy options and just providing junk as usual). I realize I'm gushing a little. I was at a Courtyard last week and it wasn't my favorite, but this one is pretty nice.
4	typical Courtyard with the new lobby. Conveniently located with plenty of restaurants around. Typically not very busy and the lobby has plenty of comfortable spots to work with my team.
4	These guys always house our professional guests in style. They just did a conference block for us that made everyone pretty happy. Not super-fancy, but classy and functional.
4	We stayed at this hotel last night & the night before and overall it was fine; the room was very clean and the mattress was very comfortable.  Our room had a connecting door to the adjoining room and the couple in that room on our first night were talking loudly, but fortunately they didn't stay up late.  The woman at the front desk when we checked in was rather perfunctory, but the woman who was there when we checked out was very pleasant.  Note that breakfast isn't included, although the room price reflected that.I would rather have given 3.5 stars, but 3 stars would have been too low.
5	We stayed here for 4 nights on a quick honeymoon. The hotel was in a great area, clean and safe across from the university and within 15 minutes of downtown Charlotte.When the front desk learned of our recent wedding, they sent a special letter to our room inviting us down to the hotel bistro for a free glass of wine and an appetizer. We thought that was a nice, personal touch. The hotel manager and staff were all very friendly and welcoming.Our room was very refreshing and we had no problems whatsoever during our stay. This is a great Courtyard/Marriott property and I would recommend it to anyone coming to the area.
