3	Want cheap, low quality products? There's great news for you! There are loads of these store around this town.The mainly have clothing for just about everyone, but you can also find things for your bathroom, bedroom, kitchen, etc. I don't think I've ever seen anything priced over $12.99, but I usually just tag along to this store never looking to really shop. I will say that they do have some named brand items priced pretty low. I'm guessing it's past season stuff.If you're on a budget, you should probably check this place out.
4	Its a little chaotic inside. The values are everywhere. And they have name brand clothes for cheap. Housewares are cheap. Bedding is cheap. And a nice kids section. As for the quality its to be determined cause I haven't worn the pants yet. But the employees are more than friendly.
1	BEWARE BAIT & SWITCH!!! Want to be treated like a low life instead of a valued customer? Then you'll love the staff here.  I was followed around to the point of getting bumped into.  Despite having my hands full of merchandise none of them bothered to mask their watching of me shopping to offer me a basket!  Then at checkout it took almost 20 minutes because according to the cashier all my clearance items were ringing higher than the tags.  I explained there were bunches of the same items at the same price back on clearance but still had to go thru the manager being paged and that's when I began to get mad.  I wanted to say just ask the jerks who followed me around if I was switching tags but I held my tongue.  A final pair of pants marked $1 resulted in the manager supposedly searching for others like it to verify price, when she returned finally she tore off the tag and said they were $5.  I said forget because I was trying to be calm and get thru checking out.  Before leaving I asked where the other pants were in the store, big surprise she sent me on a goose chase and promptly disappeared "on break".  They refused to give me any company phone info just offered to take mine.  Absolute liars and so rude I'm reporting to state and county agencies.
