5	Ruth Sells made a long uncomfortable process so much easier than it could have been. Last August against Ruth's suggestion, she said it would take forever, we put a bid on a short sale. The following months were an exercise in frustration as the seller's bank fired processor after processor. They were on their fifth one by the time it was approved so it took almost 9 months. She kept after the seller's agent for information and updated me almost weekly, even when there was nothing new to report, just so I would know what was going on. When we decided after 8 months that we wanted to look at other houses she sent us a list of houses in our specific wants needs price range.All through the process she has been fantastic and I can't recommend her enough.
5	A good friend referred me to Ed Adler. Not having used a Realtor before I had no idea what to expect. From our first conversation I knew I was going to be working with someone who loved what he did. And immediately I felt I was a priority. He showed me how to use the MLS and when we began looking I knew he had done his homework for me. Ed, has a great sense of humor and is not shy about good feedback on a property that we looked at. He takes everything into consideration. Not just the condo itself, but takes the time to get to know his client so that if the neighborhood is not right he will speak up and not waste my time or his if he feels it is not the right fit. I had fun looking for my condo with Ed. His input, his ideas, his knowledge helped me to make the right choice for me and saved me money. When we found my condo, we both knew itright away. I was thrilled and he was so excited for me. Ed is more that just a Realtor. He knew I needed some direction in upgrading the unit and he brought the right people together to help me make my condo a real home. I move in tomorrow and my condo is stunning.The neighborhood is perfect for me and I am just thrilled.To tell you the truth Ed is "Your Real Estate Consultant for Life". He did so much for me as he will for any client. If you are looking for a Realtor who is compassionate, kind, very knowledgeable and funny then run to your phone and call Ed. You will have an amazing experience and I guarantee you will find the home you have always wanted.Donna P.Phoenix
5	Ruth Sells is an amazing real estate agent. As a lender it is important to know that you can refer your clients to a professional, educated, experienced real estate agent that will always put the clients needs first. I never have to worry when I send them to Ruth. She is always right on top of things and will get the job done!If you are looking to buy a vacation home in Arizona, relocate to Chandler, Gilbert, Scottsdale or Gold Canyon I would highly recommend calling Ruth. She has experience with Luxury homes, First Time Homebuyers, Veterans with VA loans, Short Sales, and just about anything you have come across. AND, she can sell those homes for you when you are ready to move on!Ruth will always make time for you, listen to you, and execute your plans. I can't say enough wonderful things about the professional treatment she always gives my clients. I would recommend Ruth without a doubt!
5	I love Arizona Best Real Estate.  This is a class act Realty Company in Arizona that offers so much more than so many of the outfits out there today who are just trying to collect as many desk fees as possible.  The Broker, David MacIntyre is a hands on Broker who runs weekly agent/staff meetings to keep his team abreast of the lates market trends, technology and market psychology so that his agents can best serve their buyers and sellers.  He is genuinely concerned about each of his agents and know them all by name.  Many of them have been with the company for a decade or more and there is very little turnover.  We have had the honor and privilege of working with many of the agents in the office and it is extremely apparent that the office culture that Mr. MacIntyre has created attracts the very best agents.Joe AshtonCo-OwnerOrion Mortgage CorporationPhoenix, AZ
