3	"Change Oil""Change Oil""Change Oil""Change Oil"How annoying is that?  For the past couple of weeks that message has been staring at me in the face... from my dashboard in the car.  Unfortunately, it did not magically disappear either.  So, I finally gave in and brought my car to Firestone.I actually called first and the guys working there sounded like they were slammed.  They said to come by first thing in the morning.  But I couldn't wait - I just wanted to check "Change Oil" off my To-Do list.  So, I walked in, worked with Mark and Timothy, and they told me they could have me in and out within an hour and a half.  I ended up being there for closer to two and a half hours, but guess what?  That light is no longer flashing in my face and my car seems to be running well.  At $25.80, I feel like that was time and money well spent.I would return for Oil Change or other simple procedures, but not sure about more in-depth, etc... Take that for what it's worth.
5	I have been to this Firestone about 4 or 5 times and each time I have had a great experience.  My car has been less than reliable lately so they know me by name at this point.  I have frequented Firestone for tire checks, oil changes, and fuse checks too.  They are always really consistent and trustworthy.  If you need a auto care place to rely on...this one is it.  Especially this location, they are the bomb!
4	Last month, I had the unfortunate experience of realizing the full effect of not having A/C in AZ, it was time for an appointment.  I've had my Jeep for many years and plan on keeping it for many more to come.  Jim and the team here at Firestone help that dream come true a few times every year.  Cars need to be maintained, just like people, they breakdown occasionally and need some attention.  I'm fortunate that this is the only Firestone that I've been coming to in AZ, since when I first moved here 5 years ago.  They know my vehicle well, the previous appointments, costs, etc.  Each and every time that I return, they genuinely care about how my vehicle is running.The next time that you're in need of some people maintenance (massage) call me.  As far as your need of car maintenance, this Firestone location on Camelback  Rd. & Miller Rd, is for you!
5	With only 1 day notice, I dropped off the Jeep because it was stuttering.  This vehicle has been with me a long time and yes, it was trying to tell me something along the lines of HELP!  The seal on the manifold needed to be replaced, along with the spark plugs, caps and a few other minor things.  They assessed the situation quickly, called me with an estimate and gave the expected turnaround time for the pickup.  These are routine for any business, but here's where they got the 5th Star!   They saved me about $50 or so because they did not have to replace everything and one of the parts less expensive.  Also, gave me a 10% discount for using my Firestone card ( no interest for 6 months!).  And...After picking up the Jeep, I drove to Yosemite National Park to climb and camp for a week.  The drive is 10-11 hours!  Not a stutter or peep from the engine, only had to fill it with gas and clean the windshield occasionally.  The drive there is not easy, a lot of elevation gain (which is hard on an engine).I've been fortunate to have found this location since moving here in 2005, it is the only shop that I take my '97 Jeep to for auto work.  They have the history of all of the repairs and are always understanding when I do have some issues or complaints.  In case you're wondering:  (Other than the inconvenience of being without a car when it's being worked on, it is much cheaper than a new car payment!)
5	Needed a tire fixed on a Sunday afternoon and they did it in about 5 minutes - For FREE!
4	Been here a few times. Friendly and honest staff. Choice between Zipps and Clancy's Irish pub in the same parking lot. Talk about convenience!
5	I have brought my car here two times and both times I had such a great experience. The first, my car needed a battery replacement - they were so helpful over the phone, recommended a tow company, and even fit me into their schedule the same day I called ( which was superbowl Sunday!)  They called me immediately after checking out the car and were able to replace the battery and do some preventative maintenance for what I would consider to be a very fair price.  Second time, wasn't even sure what was wrong with my car. Again, got it towed - and they called me to let me Know that they had to do a full diagnostic on the car. I agreed. Exactly an hour later they called me back- told me the problem was super simple and some wires just needed to be cleaned. Also, they noticed the battery wasn't performing he way it should so they went ahead and replaced it again for me. All in all, my car was ready the same day I came in and they only charged me for a little bit of labor and that was it. Anytime something goes wrong, they are my go to.
5	So the time for an Oil Change finallllly came and as predicted, to Firestone I went.  Called the night before and set up a Friday am appointment to drop my car off before work and grab it at lunch, they were super accommodating... the tech on the phone even answered my questions about current specials!  When I dropped the Edge off in the am it was a bit busy in the large lobby, but they did a great job of handling the line and servicing customers with an appointment (ahheeemm) right on schedule.The only snafu happened when I walked in to pick up my car and I realized I had left my debit card on my desk at work.  Drat.  Once again, they were understanding and I was back on schedule shortly.  All of this without out any gloom and doom hard sell action.  Shocking.
2	This place sux, it sux hard. They really don't care if they earn you business or not. Not only that but the front service guy always has bs recommendations. They get 2stars cause there techs are good, simple guys who know there s**t. Bottom line if your in a pinch and really desperate, w no other choice, go there. Just stay clear the fat guy with the ponytail and the bald guy in the front, otherwise you might be paying for muffler batteries, and blinker fluid.:-)
5	Zachery and his crew were excellent!  This is the second full set of tires that I have purchased there and the price was better than any competitor Zachery could find.  I'm very impressed by the speed at which they completed my vehicle and how well the work was performed.  Yes, I would recommend this business to anyone who asks.
1	Brought my Buick in for a simple oil change and was told that I had $2348 worth of oil leaks. I have never seen a single drop of oil on my driveway so I took my car for a second opinion. Thank Goodness the other (more honest) shop told me that absolutely NOTHING was needed! I will never set foot in this location again!
5	These guys are so awesome!!!!!!! Scott helped me out so much!!! I had an issue with another location and Scott got me right in and fixed my car in literally 7 min. These guys are incredible!!!!!! Go here!!!!!
1	I went in to get a small hole in the center of the tread repaired on a new tire. The guy said he couldn't repair it and promptly went in to try to sell me a new tire for $220. Walked out and went down the road and an "honest" tire store fixed it for $20. They could have earned a new customer but now I'll turn everyone away from this place I can.
4	Had a flat repaired here and they were nice and polite behind the counter.  Car was done on time and for $20 which is cheap but Discount does flat repairs for free so I had to knock them down a star.  They are right next to my work so in this case the $20 was worth the close proximity.  Great experience, will be back.
5	Always great service. They installed new tires, replaced all the tire monitor sensors, replaced the motor in my seat, replaced light bulbs, oil change, among other things. Staff is always pleasant to clients. They are willing to go above and beyond the call of duty to satisfy clients. Zack is the man!!! He has a cool memory! It's always nice to be remembered! :-) I've had to bring my car back because they forgot to do something. They quickly did the tasks and I didn't have to wait at all. Service is so good I went out and bought the staff donuts! As a woman, I don't have to worry about if I'm getting jacked or bamboozled when I come here!
5	Took my car twice in one day for two different issues (not Firestone's fault). Both times Scott was awesome! He went above and beyond to help me. This location has the best techs and service! I would recommend this Firestone to anyone who asks.
5	The guys here are awesome! So helpful, knowledgable and friendly. I've taken my car here 5 or 6 times for a variety of reasons and I've left happy each time. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for honest car care.
5	Holy shit! What a difference . After a year, I gave em another chance, and it's been good. I am talking refer mom & dad here good! Will keep advised-
3	Have brought our two cars here for 2 or so years. Honest good people here.  Check for online coupons, they have some good ones.
4	These guys are great. I always bring my car here. They can be a bit on the pricey side, but they always seem to get it right, and they are budget conscious, which can be good when the repair bill starts to add up.
1	Buyer beware. Do not use this company. It's a complete rip off. I brought my 2011 mercedes benz in for an oil change to save a few dollars. On check out they gave me a reading of my battery, saying it was very low on amps. That I needed to replace it immediately for a cost of $467.00. I was a little leary so I brought it to Schumacher Mercedes Benz in Scottsdale and the bakery was fine.  I would never trust these guys again
5	It's exactly like every other Firestone, but with better service.And here's a quick top to save you all some $$$. Visit Firestone's website for coupons before you go in and pay or while you're waiting. If you're buying tires or getting an oil change you'll definitely save a few bucks.
