5	I almost hate when service is this good because they've basically earned my business for years. The suits are excellent. I was pleasantly surprised. Definitely best place in the valley for a suit. Tons of great options. Shirts are a 4.5 out of 5. If you're a fat dude these won't work. They haven't started their bespoke suits and shirts yet but I'm looking forward to those. The ties and shoes are good but not their bread and butter. There was a tall blonde dude who was very knowledgable, personable and friendly. I've been desperately looking for a place to get suits since moving from the east coast and I've found it. I gave this place no shot to live up to the hype but it did.  If you're a guy who wants a good price for high quality slim fitting shirts and suits save yourself the aggravation and just go here. It's hidden up the escalator by Tanzy. Basically above Lululemon.
2	They are kind of hidden in Scottsdale Quarters upstairs next to Tanzy and iPic, so don't give up when looking for them!
5	Great service and great prices. Just happened to see this store when headed to the movies. Glad to see a high quality yet affordable men's store open here. Definitely recommend this store for a new suit. The staff are knowledgeable and the tailor works right out in the open. Cool concept!
5	What a wonderful place! It is such a trendy atmosphere and the staff were so friendly and knowledgable. We were helpedBy a gentlemen named Chris. He truly went above and beyond for our needs. We were getting a suit tailored which he pinned himself and also helped pick out the perfect shirt as well for the suit. Chris was so professional and caring. They really offer high quality products that come with a great price tag! I loved how the seamstress sits right up front where you can see her working. Such a great place. I can't recommend them enough!
5	It was my first time at a Suitsupply, and my expectations were high going in. I immediately was helped by THE Chris. The man has panache. Chris is so good that I'm predicting he gets hired as Ryan Gosling's private stylist by this time next year. He has a combination of elegance & precision in his work that would leave Jony Ive impressed. Needless to say, the guy sold me 3 suits and 2 blazers, which I couldn't be happier about.My friend who came with me was helped by Taylor, who was equally as impressive. She was knowledgeable, spunky, and very pleasant work with. Huge snag by the folks at Suitsupply HQ. My understanding is that my friend left incredibly satisfied with the two suits she sold him, and may have possibly fallen in love during the process.
5	I walked into the store and was greeted by a very pleasant young lady named Taylor. She helped select an interview suit shoes ties shirts and socks with great expertise. She is a wonderful and knowledgeable salesperson and I highly recommend her. Terrific shopping  experience all the way.
