4	After attempting to remove the pins in my Victorinox watch I realized that the tools I had wouldn't work and I would need to have a watchmaker do it for me. So I brought it in to the Fast Fix at Metrocenter. The owner and his wife were funny, kind, charming, and silly all in one. They have been in the mall for 20+ years and for such a small operation, they knew their stuff. I was impressed that they knew about my watch and were quick to install the links for me so I could decide what size I wanted to wear it at. We adjusted the links a couple of times to get it right and they were very nice about it. Time was about 30 minutes total, which was fast compared to a couple of other watch places I visited prior to this one. I was surprised that they worked with Swiss watches but apparently they do movement repairs and everything. The price for my watch link adjustment + pins (I dented one, so he replaced it for FREE) was under $20.00 total. These people actually enjoy talking to their customers, which is nice because a lot of local watchmakers out here prefer you leave and come back later when it's ready. They are the polar opposite of that. Nice people, I'll give them my business before going to an independent place because they were efficient and friendly. Price was a bit high, but watch servicing is not cheap anywhere, I know that from experience. They are market price for servicing. They do batteries as well, which is good. i'll be back!
5	Thanks guys!!! You did a fantastic job fixing my broken glass on my iPad for a very reasonable price. I'm very happy!!!!!
4	Just took in my engagement ring and they're jeweler ray polished and cleaned it for me so it looks new again! I love this place! I also saw their vehicle in the parking lot which when mentioned, gave me a free jewelry cleaner. Will be back in again for inspections and to view more of their new estate pieces that have been coming in. Great service and oh, I almost forgot, I got a battery for my watch there in like5 minutes too!
5	Hands down the best, quickest, friendliest and most professional repair men around. They replaced a stud, polished and reshaped a very important ring I had in less then an hour. Looks just like it did when I bought it 13 years ago. Thanks fellas for your above average work!!
4	I went to the mall this afternoon at lunch with 3 LOOOONG standing watch issues. I was hoping Dillard's would take a peek like the good old days of department stores hooking one up with watch issues.Unfortunately, those freebie or low cost days are over. The clerk at Dillard's pointed me to a FAST-FIX kiosk not too far away.  I must be getting old.Fortunately, FAST-FIX took a look at all three, repaired 2 on-site and sent the 3rd off for evaluation. Very knowledgeable and straight to the point. Their prices are high (my 1 ding), but I will pay for the convenience and their knowledge / tools.
5	Went to another shop 1st. Wanted to charge me $100 to replace a scratched crystal. I took it to Fast Fix and they told me they could buff it out. I had 3 watches buffed and 1 band replaced. I was told 30 minutes. I came back in 20 and the watches were waiting for me. My old crusty watches look almost new. I'll be back.
