5	You are prefect, don't ever change, no matter what Yelp tells you. Tea served with a steeping timer - CUTE. Savoury and sweet muffins - hello options. So nice.Coffee is delicious.The vibe is super cool, lots of space to work or hang, late hours are a god sent, environment reminds me of Portland coffee shops - down to earth, natural woods, string lights. Plus it is super close to Parc Jarry.Love it. Sold. Let's do this.
5	It's no secret that caffeine is a powerful stimulant - a good dose of java gives you that boost you need to supercharge your brain! On Saturday afternoons, like many of the Villeray locals, I check-in to this cafe, partly to satisfy that urge, and partly because you're always greeted with the most cheery and generous "Bonjour" by the staff members - Etienne and Annie!The two things that differentiates this independent coffee shop is its super friendly staff who uncannily remembers almost all of its patrons by their first name AND it's unique decor which is warm, inviting and comforting. Upon entering just look around and you'll be amazed by the bar, ceiling and pillars which are all made of wood reclaimed from a 100+ year old barn - gives a distinct personality to this establishment.Wherever you happen to sit, you'll find that it's an awesome place to chill, chat, catch up on your social feed & news or study on for hours! There are plenty of places to plug your computer and many hidden hooks to hang your purse or coat. A lot of attention has been given to make you feel comfortable!As you enjoy your favorite brew your ears will be titilated by an eclectic mix of ethereal new age tunes, soothing jazz vocals of Dinah Washington, heart warming country by Johnny Cash or hip beats from Likke Li and Miika. If you stay long enough, you may even be surprised to hear a local pianist untangle his fingers and play a song or two on the upright piano sitting in the back of the room.Tip: Head down to the basement and you'll be magically transported in another dimension - this place redefines the meaning of secret hideout!At this cafe you won't find many fancy roasted beans but who cares! The espresso, latte, cortado, are always rich tasting and if you want something different go for the ice coffee or any of the teas. The menu also has small bites and a good selection of sweets from Arhoma pastries (do try the pistachio chocolatine) to indulge from. Soon, offerings will include "adult" drinks and more copious meals says owner Matthieu.Am looking forward to the next visit while waiting for the new extension to be completed. Also gotta find out why they named this place Cafe Oui Mais Non... hope to see you there!
5	I love this cafe!  It's warm, cosy and all around inviting. It's a perfect place to enjoy a hot drink on a cold afternoon and since the cafe was packed when I went it seems I'm not the only one who thinks like this.  If you're not paying attention you'll end up walking right by it as there's no major sign from the street.  You need to look for the blanket covering the door.  When you walk in you'll be greeted with a big smile from the friendly staff here.Since it was later in the afternoon I stayed away from the coffee and just got a hot chocolate.  I also thought I'd get a chocolatine to sample their food offerings.  Together everything came out to around $6 which is on par with other coffee shops in Montreal.  The hot chocolate wasn't too sweet and I liked how they served it with a marshmallow instead of whipped cream like most cafes do.  It was a little flashback to childhood.  The chocolatine was also a hit with it's soft, flaky, buttery interior.  It must have been fairly fresh since the chocolate was melted still on the inside.If I lived in Villeray I'd be here all the time.  I love the homey feel Oui Mais Non has to it and their food and drink are topnotch to boot.  Even though it's out of my way I will definitely be back in the future to try more of their offerings.
5	My first visit today. A little hidden from view on t south side of Jarry. Just off the beaten path enough so that it was relatively quiet on a winter afternoon of writing/reading. Cozy and beautiful inside. Delicious coffee, great tea selection and from t looks of it - hot toddies as well! Sweets and soups to boot. I was pleasantly surprised that a macchiato and 3-cookie plate was under $6. Highly recommend and look forward to trying a savoury something next time!
4	I ended up here twice over the holidays and both times I stumbled in through the quilt-covered door and felt immediately happy to be there, and both times it was full so I know I'm not alone. The atmosphere, the cozy eclectic decor mixing in bits of nice school and office vintage with good art, and the funny, quick personable staff are really what make this place special I think. That and the the fact that there's lots of different kinds of places to sit, and good music. The coffee itself is totally ok, not revelatory but good. The hot chocolate is steamed chocolate milk, which was surprisingly tasty but could have been hotter. The baked good I had were tasty too, brownie and croissant (which was a little over soft for some reason, but yummy anyway.) Anyhow, at it's heart Cafe Oui Mais Non seems to get everything right: it's a public space for good talks and good work and sweet and savoury affordable eats and hot drinks. Any block would be lucky to be blessed with a spot like this, and this little stretch of Jarry is better for it.
