5	What can I say????     Im a Tampa Bay fan.  But i live in NC.  So now that my boys are in the playoffs Im all about Carolina!  I had my fun in 02 when Tampa took care of Oakland in the Superbowl.  Now Im trying to find tickets for the secound round!!  700 bucks?  I think Ill tailgait and watch it in the parking lot!!!  Go Panthers!  Go Steve Smith -  best reciever in the league!  Go D'angelo Williams.  The toughest motherfucking rb in the league.  Wake up NY.  You got some ballers coming your way.Best game of the year coming up.
1	Bland franchise with a terrible uni color scheme and brutal logo. Other than the one season Jake Delhomme did not play like the mediocre QB he is, that's it. I defy anyone outside of Carolina to name a player on the Panthers. Julius Peppers does not count as he just left.I do love one thing; Coach Fox likes to call the onside kick at the most unlikely times and they often work.
5	Norwood, Munnerlyn, Wharton - Go Gamecocks!  Go Panthers!
3	I LOVE my Panthers, and have been attending their games since I was a high schooler and my parents bought PSLs in '95. I would love to rate them 5 stars based solely on being a fan. THAT SAID. We have fallen on some hard times. I know there are a lot of Northern transplants into the Carolinas (NC in particular) and a lot of people are still loyal to other teams. However, it is depressing going to games and seeing more people dressed in other jerseys than there are Panthers jerseys! Every team has its ups and downs. We have had our fair share of downs, but that is to be expected as one of the youngest (player age AND franchise age) teams in the league. My 3 star rating has nothing to do with the team itself. I love my team. However I am a bit embarrassed by the ownership situation. Hearing rumors that they already want a new stadium (ours is only 15 years old and really, what have you done to deserve it?) and adding in the fact that we introduced the whole PSL scam, thereby assuring profits to Jerry R and eliminating any need for him to provide a decent product, is an embarrassment that is only lightly tamped by the fact that other teams have started to follow our (terrible) example and treat their fans just as badly. Also, requiring any kid over the age of 12 months to purchase their own ticket? RIDICULOUS. Even 500-level tickets are $60-70. Many 1-year-olds can't even WALK, do you really think they need an entire seat? Their parents are going to end up holding them. I took my son to his first Panthers game when he was 2 months old. At the time the ticket age was 2 years. Now it is 12 months. WTF is that. Instead of moving in an anti-fan direction, we should do the opposite. See all those empty seats every week? Why not implement a BOGO instead. For every adult ticket sold, one child aged 8 or under gets in free until the stadium is full. Bragging about a "91 game consecutive sellout" streak is a joke when a quarter of the seats are empty at the start of the game. This is the time to build our fan base for the future, and that means starting with the kids, not ripping off a bunch of older PSL owners in the middle of this terrible economic situation.
5	The only reason I DINT give a 5 star was becuase the atmosphere at bank of America  is mediocre . We as fans could do a lot better . But. Facilities are top notch .parking cheap & nt very far & prices inside the stadium are very reasonable!!
3	I would love to see this team develop an intense rivalry with another team within the division.  Currently the south's main rivalry is the Falcons vs Saints.  However, based on distance, why can't it be the Falcons vs Panthers?  Distance wise, proximity - Charlotte to Atlanta is a hop skip and a jump from each other on 85!  I will get into that aspect another time.  The Carolina Panthers since inception have been a solid NFL franchise.  When I think of the Panthers from the start of its existence, I think of that solid defense in the 90s.  Going from there, it's Jake leading the helm and was very close to a superbowl victory.  It's a franchise on the rise though.  They have the weapons in place on offense to do some damage, the question is can they stay healthy and attack well on defense.  I kind of wish them luck as long as it isn't against my team.Grade: C
5	great team,
4	I'm a Fan... Again!  You know what that means right???  I'm not crazy about any Sports so if this is not my Team I have NO team!  I'm not going to be looking for another team!  After last weeks WIN I'm excited, again about my PANTHERS!!!  Hope they win tomorrow and the rest of the season!!!
4	I'm a little drawn here. As someone who lived in South Florida, I'm still a bit of a Dolphins fan. Yep, they've been doing pretty terrible lately and I've been here in Charlotte for a few years now, so maybe it's time to think about changing my loyalties to my home town team.As Steve mentions, we don't really have the rivalry here that really drives fans. There isn't a Yankees/Mets or Yankees/Red Sox or even a Dolphins/Patriots thing going on. Maybe we need to start hating on those Atlanta Falcon sissy-boys?!Yep, they're not that good lately. And I'll cheer for them. But when the Dolphins come to town, I'll be in my aqua and orange.
5	It's been a long time since 2003/2004 when the Panthers went to the Super Bowl.The Cardiac Cat's made a huge move on 12/22/13 when they took down the Saints 17-13 to take control of the NFC South.With 55 seconds remaining, Cam lead the Cats on a 65 yard scoring drive. Key receptions by Tedd Ginn & Greg Olsen leading to a clutch catch by Domenick Hixson for the go ahead score.The most dramatic 55 seconds in sports I've seen at BofA stadium.
5	I have been everywhere here: business offices, team store, suites, upper deck, lower deck and I love it.  They keep my heart on the edge most every season.  I love the venue - of course drinks and food are overpriced which is typical of every pro stadium/arena/field I have been to. I am looking forward to the renovations this off season.
4	It was nice as usual, with one exception: they didn't allow ANY PURSES or bags unless they are clear, yet there were no signs or information warning about this until you got to the doors. A bit of a pisser for A LOT of people.
4	It seems I haven't reviewed the Panthers. Guess I better take care of that, now that they've gone and upgraded the stadium and all.First off, those new ribbon boards - and the gigantic new video screens - are bright, especially at night. They could likely turn off the lights on the corners of the field and just light the place with the video screens they are so bright. Also love that the Duke Energy Tower works with the team to be all showy when the Panthers score. Definitely makes for a fun vibe.Speaking of a fun vibe, the new music and drum line (Purrcussion - cute) works as well when the team enters the field. Now if they would just get rid of that lame cat roar every time the team gets a first down. I mean, really - once in a while, fine, but every. Single. Time? Are we all three?The good news is that staff at the game has been amped up over the years - there are people galore all willing to help with a smile - as you get to your entrance, to the turnstiles, even as you approach the escalators, get to the bottom, the mid-point and the top, always making sure you are headed in the right direction. I was almost afraid to go into the bathroom because I was afraid how they would help.Unfortunately prices are still high for just about anything - a bottle of water will cost you $4 at a concession stand, or $5 if they bring it to you (yes, the tip is built-in). Of course, you can still tip, but that's up to you. The seats are on the small side for our large, American-sized rears, and can get uncomfortable after a few hours sitting in them, and the climb to to the top is a challenge - but there really isn't a bad seat in the house.
3	They always get so out of breath, this team. Hence their name: Carolina Panters.I'm no fan of the Carolina Panthers. Cam Newton is pretty cool, so was Steve Smith, but yeah. And Peppers. He was good.I feel bad that you guys have to go with the name Carolina. It always makes me feel like it's a real diss to Charlotte. I could understand it with New England playing so far outside Boston, and wanting to draw in the rest of the states in the region. And Boston is so famous already for all of its other teams and things that it doesn't need the Patriot name. But you would be surprised how many people outside Carolina don't even know which city the Panthers play in. "Charlotte could have an NFL team right?" said a friend of mine. "That's a big city isn't it?"Anyway, I'm more of a Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill person than a Charlotte person anyway, but more power to the Panthers and good luck to them in all their future ventures.I just wish they didn't always sound so out of breath.
3	A resident of the Charlotte Metro Area for over 9 years, yet I had never seen the Panthers live until now.  It's definitely a different experience than watching from your couch!  I'd recommend everyone go to a game at least once.  There's a tier of excitement that one cannot experience on TV.  The buzz of the crowd is unyielding.  You get to see all of the action without pesky commercials and you have the backdrop of the city skyline to boot.The stadium is pretty much what you'd expect.  Typical food, fanfare, and gear available for purchase.  Get your hotdog, beer, jersey, etc. while in route to the bathroom or back to your seat.  The club level offers a more exclusive lounge area with somewhat shorter concession lines, but don't expect any gourmet pretzels.  Of course the pricing is insane and the selections are limited.  The only Gatorade offered is "Ice Blue," as it most closely resembles the team color.If you don't like crowds, brace yourself.  The security checkins are elbow to elbow and are required for entry.  Dump the contents of your pockets and get waved by the magic wand before making your way to your seat(s).  Another plus here is the people watching factor.  You're sure to see all types of people at any game.  I'll leave it at that and let you see for yourself.  Prepare to be potentially smacked in the face by someone's swirling fan towel or have your chair kicked numerous times by the bratty 8 year old in the seat behind you.  Don't get me wrong, it's all part of the experience.
