5	I recently had an eye exam at this office and had a wonderful experience. The receptionist (forgot her name) was very pleasant and courteous. I saw Dr. Loc Pham, who I highly recommend for his experience and professionalism. I had so many questions to ask and he patiently answered them all without rushing me. I felt very comfortable the entire time. I finally found an optometrist I can trust and conveniently located. They also have a great selection of frames to choose from. If you are looking for an optometrist, I highly recommend giving this office a call.
5	Been a  patient at Sun Valley Eye Care for a couple of years now and really like Dr. Loc Pham, O.D.and Dr. Chantelle Clarizio, O.D.  Been to a few eye doctors and have not found anyone as thorough as these two doctors.  I have never worn glasses before so when it came time to picking my new pair of glasses they helped me pick a pair that I love.  The staff is very accomodating when I need help or have an eye issue to fit me in quickly.
5	I was beyond impressed wtih Sun Valley Eye Care!  I had to switch eye doctors at the last minute due to an insurance issue and wound up here without referral.  The entire office was wonderful.  Everyone, doctor included, went above and beyond in treating me.  The cost of my eyewear and contacts was very reasonable.  I was happy with the selection as well.  The office was nice, clean and well organized.  I am very happy that I ened up at SV Eye Care.
5	Here I am, writing my review using my brand new lenses with my brand new prescriptions! Now I can't blame my typos on bad eyesight! And guess what? I LOOK FANTASTIC. I don't care what you think. I look like the nerd queen and I love it.I came here as a recommendation from my Yoga teacher who was very worried about my migraines and creepy twitchy eye. I couldn't get a weekend appointment so i settled for a Tuesday afternoon with Dr. Loc Pham. I had already done all my paperwork online prior to arriving so I just had a few forms to sign. Before the Dr took me in, one of the assistants did some basic checks and measurements to my eye. I told them that I did not want to get the field of vision test nor get my pupils dilated (I didn't have a ride back home).My consultation with Dr. Loc Pham was incredibly long but thorough. He was super patient with me, explained everything and was very relaxed at explaining how it wasn't an urgent issue and it all depended on my level of comfort. After aaaall that, the front desk lady and I sat down and tested every single lens in the store. She was so good at her job that she could've sold me a used car and I would have thought it was a brand new Lamborghini. As the sucker that I am, I went for the cool thick-framed ray bans and paid the difference. I tried to use her as an example ("how much did YOUR lenses cost you") but she had Fendi ones that cost over $400. Welp, my argument is officially invalid. But alas. I had a great consultation with some thorough, friendly and professional people. My lenses were ready in 2 days and my eyesight feels much better. Yay!
5	I have never met such a caring, patient optometrist as Dr Loc Pham. He's compassionate, knowledgeable and very helpful. The receptionist, her name is Yen, is exceptional. She helps me with my frame selections without being pushy. She showed me different price ranges. I had an exceptional experience.
5	I love this place great doctors, friendly staff, convienent location and convienant hours.
5	The staffs and doctor were very friendly and very knowledgeable. I have a wide face and usually it is hard to find a frame that looks and fits good on me but the staff here chose several that I really liked and were comfortable on me. I highly recommend this place!
