5	Fantastic service, communication, and results. I was almost glad that some clown hit me. I'll use again but I hope that I don't have to!
1	Definitely UNRELIABLE...They projected a two-day repair, but ended up keeping my car much longer--four days--for a simple rear bumper replacement. Also, they told me that they would call me when they receive the parts, but never kept that promise, either. They do not call you with updates, either, although they promise that as well. Communication is horrible and reaching your estimator is difficult, as they are always away from their desks and they don't call you back if and when you leave voice messages.They work with Hertz and Enterprise for rental. I chose Hertz and regret that big time, too!Long story short, having to work with these guys was a painful experience for me on top of getting my car hit in a parking lot! I do NOT recommend Collision Authority under any circumstance!
5	David shows great customer service! Very good experience for an accident i had nothing to do with!! A girl backed into me in a parking lot... Thanks Collision Authority!!
5	My boyfriend used to be a bodyman and when my company car got hit I wanted him to fix it. The company my car is leased through wouldn't allow that and had me take it to Collision Authority. I didn't know why they decided on this shop but I am glad they did. They fixed it quickly. Better yet my boyfriend says that if he didn't know where it had been hit he wouldn't have been able to tell. It is just a company car but I try to take good care of it and keep it nice. Thanks Collision Authority.
1	My experience with them was terrible.Went to the dealer after a bumper incident.  They said I really needed a body shop and referred me here since they handle the dealership work (Mazda). Drove over - guy was as nice as could be - gave me a full rundown and all my options.  Left with a $900+ estimate.  Told him I would get back with him.  Next day I called and left a message, got no return call.  So I emailed - he did reply to my email and said he would get the ball rolling (ordering parts) and would get back to me about dropping my car off.  Never heard from him again.  Emailed him again and never got a reply.So basically I contacted him 3 times and only got 1 response.I'm not going to beg you people to take my money.I went somewhere else and got another estimate for about 55% of theirs - comparing the estimates it was the EXACT same parts and estimated hours of labor.Obviously its your choice where you take your car, but I would proceed with caution here.  They left me feeling they couldn't be trusted.
4	Unfortunately my Vito (my cars name) was hit by a driver who fell asleep at the wheel while he was parked at 4:00 a.m. I was really sad and had to find an auto body shop quick.I checked out all of the reviews and settled for Collision Authority. Working a 9-5 job can be tricky because a lot of establishments also have the same hours. They were nice enough  to send me all of my paperwork via email so that I wouldn't have to drive like a maniac to get to them on time.On the paperwork, they ask how often you would like to be contacted. I asked to be contacted every few days and that did not happen, I had to call in for my updates, that is why I'm knocking down a star.Other than that, they had great customer service. Always very polite and courteous. Again, I really liked that they allowed me to handle everything via email. In the end my Vito was declared a total loss but if I ever have to go to another body shop (knock on wood), I will definitely be coming back here.
