4	Premium quality condos quietly located near South Point Casino where you can feel prideful about the place you live in. Heavily secured 24/7.Two story gym with a sauna and steam room.Two swimming pools, one being next to the gym where it is partially indoor and another being on the southside of the condos.Quiet location and quiet neighborhood.Only downside is that there's not much places to eat around this spot.Overall, extremely high quality condos. You would have to go through a realtor to rent a place out here or to buy one for all your pleasures.
3	The condos are quite nice.  They are better than many around town.  The units are nice and the property is well-maintained.  The security staff...meh, as long as you are following all of their many, many, many, many, many rules, you'll be ok.Think 1930s Germany...neat and orderly...just don't cross the Fuehrer.It is dealing with the HOA that makes living here almost unbearable.  Arrogant, entitled, and dismissive does not even BEGIN to describe these people.  Do not even attempt to expect "service" from these people.  Utterly awful.
4	I had rented at this condo complex since they opened in 2005. I love the location and look. I would not say that the condos are "extremely high quality" as someone else mentioned but they have all the quote unquote luxury features of a Las Vegas condo - granite countertops and stainless steel appliances. One nice thing is they have HUGE patios. Dont try to put anything out there on your patio or the HOA will be up your butt (see my seperate review on HOA) but if you want a small, spacious outdoor area its very nice. There is also a wonderfully equipped gym that hardly anyone uses and I miss the steam room most (when it was working). Neighbors were also pretty cool but I hear I had good luck with that. I do miss living there but am happy to be gone. See my review on the HOA to find out exactly why.
5	Condos here are beautiful, no issues with the security or property management team. I love the fact that they are strict. The only issue I am having is people parking in my open stall but security and Vivian have been wonderful in taking care of this problem. People tend to forget that we have assigned parking and either they or their guests are getting lazy. But other than that we love this place.
5	We lived in building 39, unit 39 for almost 4 years and would have stayed longer but we wanted a Big Dog!The neighbor hood is very quiet, the grounds very well maintained year round, fantastic gym (that barely anyone uses), great pool and locker room area, spacious units with incredibly large decks!I will say that I think your experience here will very much depend in your neighbors. The walls are thin and hallways echo. We had a small stint with two loud neighbors and we were constantly on the phone with the HOA. The HOA isn't horrible here, however, they are unfriendly, dismissive, and feed off of intimidation. You will see the two main HOA men doing their daily walk each day looking for anything to keep them busy. Unless they need you for something, in which case they will suspend your gate access so that you are forced to go to the office and see what the hell is going on.Security is acceptable, and are strict, which is nice. For young professionals I would highly recommend this community.
4	I currently rent a unit here at the Park Avenue Condos.  These units are all privately owned.  The community is great!  They have security 24/7, which is a nice reassurance so you know who is coming and going in the community. All the security staff seems nice and friendly. There is a two story gym that has great equipment.  There are two swimming pools, one is next to the gym where there is a portion that is partially indoors and another on the back right side of the condos, there are hot tubs at both pool locations. Overall the community is a nice place to live- I would recommend it!
