5	I saw Dr LaTowsky for the first time to have a small birth mark removed from my face that I was concerned about.  Her office was clean, new and easy to find.  Her staff were INCREDIBLY friendly and warm the moment I arrived from the front desk all the way through to the exam room.  Dr LaTowsky was wonderful.  She has excellent bedside manner, explained everything very clearly to me and the procedure was absolutely painless.  What impressed me the most is how carefully she executed the procedure to ensure that I would have minimal scarring on my face - and to make it unnoticeable to the naked eye.   I've already recommended her to two people just in the short time since I left her office.  I would go back without hesitation, I think the entire office is great!
5	I visited Dr. LaTowsky today at Clear Dermatology & Aesthetics Center in Scottsdale, AZ and really have to say that it was, without question, the best medical service I have ever received from a doctor. Not only is Dr. LaTowsky very thorough in her services, she also has a warm, caring, and friendly manner. Unlike other dermatologists I've  met with over the years, I didn't feel she was in a hurry to see me and move on to the next patient. She was very thorough and skilled in her examination and treatment, making sure I was informed of what she was doing throughout the procedure.  She has a skilled aesthetician as part of her team and the office staff are each very personable. If you live or work in the Phoenix or Scottsdale area or are willing to travel here, you will not find a better dermatologist.
5	Brenda has a great bedside manner, a good, friendly attitude and a well-trained staff. I also got the impression she generally cared about healthcare and her primary objective didn't seem to squeeze ever lost dollar out of her patients, which is a rarity in the local Scottsdale healthcare system in my opinion.
5	My husband and I just became patients of Dr. LaTowsky.   Dr. LaTowsky is a great Dermologist and I would highly reccomend her.   She is very thorough and has great bedside manner.   I also found her the staff at Clear Dermotology to be very accommodating and friendly.    My husband had a Malignant Melanoma a few years ago and I would highly reccomend that everyone get a body scan yearly to be safe, it is covered by most insurance and could save your life.
5	When I decided it was probably a good time to get my moles checked since it had been a few years, I decided to check out Yelp for a doctor recommendation since it helps me with so much since moving here last year. I found several different doctors with potential and great reviews but Dr Brenda LaTowsky stood out to me because her website vowed that you would see her, an actual doctor rather than a Physicians Assistant. All too much, you pay for a doctor and see a PA so it was important to me that if I'm going to pay my speciality doctor copay, I see the real thing. No offense all you PA's out there :)I called the office to make an appointment and the staff was friendly and I opted to fill out their questionnaire online before showing up for my appointment to speed things along. It was a lot of paperwork but all doctors seem to want to know everything these days. Upon arrival, the location was easy to find and in a nice building. Their offices were clean and I was greeted immediately upon arrival. I turned over my paperwork and only sat waiting for a few minutes before being taken back. I was taken back into a nice, clean room where the nurse asked me several questions and even inquired about potential side effects of a drug allergy I have. No one has ever asked me about it so I was impressed that for one, they actually read my history and two, actually cared enough to ask. Shortly after we finished, Dr. LaTowsky came in and I was immediately impressed by her. She was friendly, had a great bedside manor and took her time when asking my long list of questions. I had noticed a few skin issues that I wanted to ask her about and she never seemed in a hurry and wanted to answer each concern or question throughly by asking questions. She seemed knowledgeable about each concern and offered solutions.During my mole check, she noticed a mole that looked suspicious and needed to come off. The procedure was painless even though I received a local antiseptic shot and it was removed with a scalpel. After my positive experience at the office, I opted to have a few laser treatments done to remove a broken capillary and a few sun spots. While each spot required a differently laser, she was great about explaining what was going on, what to expect and really took her time. All spots healed great and no other treatment necessary!Overall, she's probably the best physician experience I've ever had. I've recommended her to several friends and definitely recommend her to you too!
1	Terrible experience at this office, the doctor seemed not to be knowledge examination took 5 minute after received the direction how to take my medicine in a stickier note it was incompletely, headed to the Pharmacy to buy it, have to wait 40 minutes because they did not send the prescription to the Pharmacy had to call them back to see what was going on. I'll never go back there for sure.
1	Tried to make an appointment but she only takes patients until 2:45pm. I wish the receptionist had mentioned the unique office hours before taking all my info and wasting 10 minutes of my time.
4	This was my first every trip to a dermatologist, and while I wasn't seen by Dr. LaTowsky, the doctor that did see me was great.  They listened to my concerns and did what I was asked.  I hope not to see her or her staff often, but when I do, I'm certain I'll be taken care of.
2	I swear the dr was only with my daughter for 2 minutes and was so rushed.  She wanted to see her back in 8 weeks, but when I went to make an appt 2 months from now, the latest appt is 2:15! Forever!  She said that they have another dr coming in for 2 saturdays a month but that doesnt work either with sports and activities.  The girl at the front was nice and seemed to understand that it was difficult to make an appt. She said that she had young children.  I understand if she only did a day or two in the later afternoon but to never offer anything later than 2:15 forces us to find a new dr.  I also have to share that I think all the photos of the dr are a little narcissistic.
