3	Quick review: Family-run breakfast/lunch joint with your typical diner staples.  Quaint and cozy, lots of comfort foods.  Nothing spectacular, though the homemade breads are quite good.  A bit on the pricey side and can fill-up with people quickly, especially on the weekends.Detailed review:I've lived near C's for about a year now, and have never stopped-in to check it out.  Folks at work gave mixed reviews - some raved about the place, others gave it a "Meh."  I run past it nearly every morning and they always seem to have a good-sized crowd, especially on Saturdays and Sundays, so I figured it had to be somewhat decent... with that, I treated myself to a breakfast this morning.I wandered in at around 9:30am on Memorial Day and was pleased to find plenty of seating.  The hostess offered me a table outside, which was a nice bonus - the weather was gorgeous, so I happily took the offer.  I also grabbed one of their complimentary/shared newspapers to read.A waitress stopped by to ask for my drink order - I went with coffee - and to drop off a menu.  She came back a few minutes later with an acrylic coffee cup and a stainless coffee carafe.  She left to tend to another table; I needed some cream for the coffee... oh well, it was nice and I was happy to continue browsing the menu, sans cream for my coffee.Breakfast offerings were ordinary: eggs, hashbrowns, pancakes, omelets, skillets, and a couple of extras, like eggs benedict, belgian waffles, and some homemade pastries (turnovers, donuts, muffins, cookies, etc).The waitress stopped by to ask if I was ready to order - told her I decided on the "Hen's Nest" which consisted of 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and toast.  I also ordered a pancake, and requested some cream for the coffee.  She apologized and immediately brought some half-n-half containers.  We were in business.  Before leaving to take my order to the kitchen, she asked if I'd like anything in the hashbrowns.  I was pleased!  C's has some specialty hashbrown items on the menu, but I didn't want to order a huge plate of them... so, when the offer surfaced to add onions, peppers, tomatoes, etc to my potatoes, I jumped at the chance.Food came about 20 minutes later and looked tasty.  The pancake was a lot thinner than I had pictured, but it was quite tasty.  I found myself wishing I had ordered 2.  The Hen's Nest was just "OK" - the hashbrowns weren't greasy and featured a nice, crispy char,  but the onions and peppers didn't do much for flavor, oddly enough... I found the entire dish to be largely flavorless.  :-(  The multigrain toast was very good - and was probably the star of the entire meal.  The waitress only stopped by once more - to drop off the check, which was a bit of a shocker as well... $12 for my modest breakfast - $5.99 for the Hen's Nest, $0.89 for adding extras to the hashbrowns, $2.99 for one (1) pancake (!!!), $1.89 for coffee.Service = 2 stars (nothing great)Food = 3 stars (average breakfast fare)Value = 1.5 stars (quite pricey for what it was)MISC = 3 stars (bakery items looked stellar, nice outdoor patio, very relaxing)I'd really like to give C's 2.5 stars, but I'm feeling a bit generous so, it's a 3-star "gift" rating.  Had I been in a crankier mood, it would've gone 2-stars... :-)For what it's worth, I think the Hubbard Avenue Diner has a better overall breakfast, and it's about 1/2 the price.  It'll probably be a while before I visit C's again.
5	5 stars for food and service. The atmosphere and decor could use some help -- the interior is clean and neat, but dated. The outside/exterior can't be helping business -- if you can get past the stark white exterior walls, the green roof line, and the nondescript sign, you'll be treated to a good, "from scratch" meal that tastes homemade, with excellent/friendly service. This is a great place for breakfast.
3	So there I was, with a soaking wet tent and on my way to the National Mustard Museum. But hey, hard-core mustard fan as I am, I know better than to start the day with all-you-can-sample-mustard, right?So the BF and I surfed Yelp to find a decent breakfast stop and Lo, right down the street from our campground was C's, so we figured we'd stop in.Now, it was Father's Day, which we realized when we walked in, cause the place was packed. It's pretty much your standard breakfast food, with some specialty bakery fare. Clean, tasty and fairly reasonably priced. It is not a huge place either, but there was PLENTY of waitstaff to keep things moving. I had the skillet breakfast, which I was very pleased to find had the option of turkey. (This made me happy, as I like meat at breakfast after a night of rainy camping, but am allergic to pork.) The skillet had turkey, potatoes, onions and green peppers mixed together, with toast and 2 eggs on top. The eggs were perfect, which impressed me, given how crazy busy the place was. I do have one complaint about my food 'tho, the onions, peppers and potatoes were not cooked enough for my taste. In fact, the onions were damn near raw. Luckily, they were finely shredded, so it wasn't too bad, but I take away a star for that .(BF says his potatoes were underdone too. Not raw, but not quite done enough.)Waitstaff was very good about keeping coffee filled. And, since it was a bakery, we HAD to at least try a cinnamon roll.  It was a good roll, and they even warmed it up for us. I noticed that they had a LOT of baked goods specializing with Strawberry and Rhubarb, which is in season right now. To me that's a good thing, even though I'm not big on rhubarb. Tends to indicate a reliance on seasonal (and hopefully locally grown) produce. It being Father's day, they had a special on Steak and Eggs and a fresh berry topped waffle special too. Dads got a HUGE complimentary chocolate-covered strawberry, which I thought was nice.   Oh yeah, the eggs with Hollendaise sauce looked and smelled really good...
3	We tried C's for breakfast over the 4th of July weekend. Upon entering, it is obvious that this is a no-frills family-style restaurant. Pretty much gives that "small town" feel, which isn't bad by any means.Our dishes were standard. Not bad, but nothing great. Service was lackluster, even if it was pretty busy...This place does look to have an AMAZING baked goods section. Tons of pastries, cookies, and muffins. Plus, all of the breads are made in-house(my darling dear said his toast was top notch).Next time we stop in, I'll be skipping the menu, and snatching something out of the bakery case.
5	C's is a FANTASTIC place for breakfast. Family owned, this restaurant makes all the breads, buns, pies, and bakery in house. I had the eggs benedict and was pleased to be given a choice of ham or turkey, but of course I had to try the more traditional ham. I also made my hashbrowns "C's hashbrowns" by adding cheddar cheese and onions. The eggs benedict was delicious, the hollandaise sauce was also homemade and was the best I have ever had and the freshly thick shredded hashbrowns were very tasty and not greasy! C's was busy on this Sunday morning, but the service was quick, friendly, and delightful. C's has quickly become a favorite for Sunday breakfast.
4	I would love to give this place 4.5, it is very friendly and inviting. They serve fresh baked toasted bread with the breakfast items, try the sourdough or rye. They give you a nice sized portion and they quick, not rushed. The place is always busy which is a good sign in my opinion. Ihave never had to wait more then a couple of minutes for a table and if push comes to shove there is a small counter. There is seating outdoors for the nicer days and they are constently changing the decorations to the season or athletic event.I keep coming back and have yet to be disappointed. If you like tabasco withyour meal you might want to bring your own as they will bring out a botle but it is the habanero type. It may be to hot for some palettes.
5	I first heard of C's from a review in 77 Square or some such thing and thought I'd try it.  I've NEVER had a bad dish there.  The bread for french toast is made in the restaurant - not pre-made and heated up, not store made bread, but real home made stuff.  The belguim waffles are fresh - not the frozen-then-heated-up kind.  Egg dishes are wonderful - lots of everything in the omelets, etc.  The staff is really friendly and service, yes, can be a bit slow, but they are ALWAYS hopping!  I give them a break because of that...  I took the bf there for the first time on a Badger football Saturday and now I can't go anywhere else!! : )  Portions are huge (often have a box to go) and as others have mentioned, the bakery is amazing : )  Ya Gotta Try It!!
3	If asked a few months ago, I would have given them 4 stars. Their breakfasts are awesome and homemade which is great, but they have a no substitution policy that knocks them down a notch. My husband doesn't eat eggs, and they refuse to give him extra hash browns, or at least take off the price of eggs. But it does have a great environment and they're otherwise friendly.
4	If you're ever looking for a delicious breakfast on the west side of Madison, this is the place to go. My husband and I were saying on the west side, but didn't want to pay the $20 surcharge at our hotel for meh hotel breakfast. Instead, we looked around at our options, and found that C's was highly rated for breakfast, and not too far away. (Best of all, it was about 5 minutes away from our morning destination, I'm Board!)The first day we came here, we sat outside. (The gramma/farm decor kind of threw me off.) I had the blueberry pancakes with a side of hashbrowns and coffee, and my husband had an omlette with ham, onions, and cheddar & toast. Delicious - I don't know the last time I had such wonderful food when eating out. Even the coffee (and his pepsi!) were great. They hit it out of the park so hard that we decided to come back on Sunday rather than heading downtown to another place for brunch that we found.Sunday's breakfast, my husband had a repeat of Saturday's, and I had one of their specials - a chocolate/banana muffin, eggs, hashbrowns, and bacon. It was also tasty.If I had to complain about anything, it'd be that C's is too far away for me to enjoy regularly  :)
4	Update - this was the fourth or fifth visit to C's over the past few years; my coworkers have a breakfast club where we frequent various places once a month or so.The breakfast grub is straight-forward, no-nonsense, standard fare. Think: eggs, bacon, hash browns, pancakes, and skillets. Filling and satisfying. The breads remain excellent, as are the bakery items.I've bumped it up a star from the earlier review because the service has been stellar with our past few visits. The waitstaff is friendly, attentive, and fast. We've never waited for a refill of coffee or water - they're on it right away.
3	Solid spot for diner breakfast fare in Middleton-- popular with the grandma and grandpa set.  Like all good diners, service is friendly, they keep the coffee cup full, and know how to crank through tables.  They've always been busy when we've been there (weekend mornings) but even when the wait looks long it's less than 10 minutes-- and once you're seated, service is quick.  Breakfasts are definitely of the "this is not healthy for you" variety, but it's good for a treat (I don't know how my kid made it through his cinnamon-swirl pancakes which were topped with the kind of glaze you put on cinnamon rolls, especially after he added syrup to it...)
2	I was actually a bit disappointed by my latest experience at C's. I've had better. Typically I would give it a 3-star but some of the service wasn't the greatest and my food was cold...C's is the kind of family-friendly experience that makes it a 3 to 4 star restaurant on a good day, but on this particular day, our primary server was impatient and lacked a customer-first attitude and the quality of food was lacking. However, the service for a never less then half empty coffee mug, was superb. I do love the bakery items so couldn't resist the pecan roll, but my egg sandwich with hash browns could have been better. The hash browns were cold and the croissant was dry. The bacon however, crispy, just like I requested.But, I was with my family, we were tucked in a cozy corner booth, had great conversation and due to the history of this restaurant and the many times I've been there before, it would be a place I would recommend. I guess the day I was there was just an "off day". That happens.
5	My favorite breakfast place in Madison, without question. Small town diner fare, but they bake their own bread and pastries. Great service and very affordable. I come here as often as I can.
5	My girlfriend and I checked out this place on Labor Day right after the Mustard Museum.  It was closing at noon and the nice waitress let us eat quickly.  I had the steak and eggs with toast.  My girlfriend had the peach n' French toast plus the eggs benedict vegetarian style.  Well, we took home the French toast after eating half of it.  However, everything else was heavenly and the bread was amazing in my mind.  We were the last to leave but glad to have stopped here instead of McDonalds or another chain restaurant.
5	This is by far the best breakfast place in the Madison/Middleton area.  Great food and outstanding service.  Definitely has grandma's kitchen feel to it!!
4	Fresh hash browns. It has been so, so long since I have had fresh hash browns cooked to perfection. And C's does them right! They are so good. If they don't come with your meal, you must get them as a side.Besides the hash browns, this is your normal breakfast joint. My boyfriend and I meandered into C's after stopping at the Original Pancake House and finding out about the 45 minute wait. I was way too hungry so that wasn't going to work. So we made our way here and were pleasantly surprised! The menu offers many different options, including a cinnamon swirl pancake that I can't wait to try the next time we're in.I had the Eggs Benedict, and although the sauce was a little broken, it was tasty. The eggs were cooked perfectly, and the English muffin was toasty and yummy. My boyfriend had a smoked sausage skillet, which he subbed in bacon for. He also said his meal was delicious, and finished the entire thing. Like others have said, the bread is amazing!Don't expect the ambiance to knock your socks off, but the stellar service makes up for it. I cannot wait to be back. We've already decided to stop here the next few Sundays to try other things off of their menu!
4	Hash browns are delicious. The egg dishes are filling. Coffee is actually not half bad! This is truly great diner food-- the spot is busy, the food is inexpensive, and service was quick and friendly. We were very pleasantly surprised!
