3	Priced higher than Fry's food and drug stores w/o the friendly helpful reps all over the store who are constantly replenishing and organizing.Inventory is relatively easy to find once you get used to the store layout.I really don't dig the checkout counter.Instead of a long conveyor belt style, they have a very small round rotating tabletop.Which means1. I can't get all my stuff to fit on there all at once2. The dude behind me is uncomfortably close to my hindside while I am paying.Better for smaller grocery runs for stuff you can't get at Costco
4	Now that I kinda figured out the layout its not that bad.I still don't dig the small turntable checkout,but I think getting good customer service kinda changed my attitude about this place.There's a dude named Buster,he's energetic, helpful, friendly when I am wandering about the aisles trying to find the most random sh*t.He helped me find the exact stuff I needed, let me know about promotional deals.This other time he was working at the register, greeted us and checked us out super fast all with positive attitude.He even went out of his way to clean up a spill that happened on the next register and helped his co-workers.Okay, merchandise....I found a huge bowl of pre chopped cantaloupe for 3.99.My fav fruit on sale, pre-chopped (I'm very lazy) = happiness!I come here for water, egg, fruit runs cuz they're reasonably priced.(esp the 25 cent water vending machine outside : )
1	Bought some pre-cut cantaloupe in the refrigerated fruits section. When I came home and tasted them, they were very SOUR.They were spoiled :[  Disappointed.
3	This Albertson's is decent to shop at but I prefer the one at Desert Ridge as that one is larger and feels nicer.  It's small but conviently located on my way home from work.  I'll give them one thing though.  I bought a couple rib-eye steaks from this location and they turned out to be very good.  It's small but
1	I only come here in the most dire of circumstances. This location is dirty and outdated. The checkout people are slow. Even when my husband goes out for groceries I tell him not to go to Albertson's, but to Fry's instead.
2	This is by far the grocery store I try to never go to. However, since its down the street, its an easy place to get a missing ingredient in a pinch.The store itself is very worn down and just has a feeling of dirty. It's in desperate need of a remodel.I've seen bugs, yes bugs, in the onion barrel a few times, which made me vow to never by produce here. Huge gross factor.Also, huge creep factor, don't go here after sundown! This is when all the tweaked out folks come out from their hidey holes and bum money from people. It's really quite scary.The only reason I have two stars is because of the convenience when absolutely needed and the Starbucks. Yea, thats about it.
2	I agree with the vast review assessments below. The workers are very nice and really cant do anything about corporate not investing in updates to the physical location. All the vacuums, buffing machines and Clorox wipes in the world can't fix the dirty in this place. It just needs a remodel overhaul.  If you must go here, buy only pre-packaged essentials and meat from the fresh deli section (excluding the chicken - don't buy any of the chicken in this place). Oh, last but not least, short of carrying Jenni-O brand ground turkey there is NOTHING organic or organic-like in the entire place. Bummer. Gotta go to F & E or Sprouts (and occasionally Target has some decent chemical free foods).
5	I only shop here for little stuff when I run out of it at home. But I like it here the meat  is so good and is some of the beat prices around here. You won't find buy 1 get 2 free at wal-mart. Overall I like it here
4	I always go here for our meat. You can't beat the quality & price! It's also the only place we can find ranch market seasoning.
1	I really don't know why I continue coming to this store. Every time I either leave with expired food or a item that rang up wrong.  I am currently at the customer service desk getting another price adjustment since it  rang up incorrectly.  What a waste of time.  I am washing my hands of this place.
