3	A neighborhood restaurant where you'll find families on a Saturday night along with their live music of the evening...Jerry Velaro, singing Frank Sinatra songs and the like.You start off your meal with their garlic twists.  These little buns are dressed with this yummy garlic and oil concoction.  Although the bread itself doesn't taste very garlicky to be called a garlic twist, the garlic sauce stuff is worthy to bathe in.  I couldn't get enough of that stuff.  We started with the Antipasto appetizer at $10.95.  This was a huge helping of artichoke hearts, roasted peppers, marinated mushrooms, olives, Provolone cheese and Prosciutto.  It tasted like there was some Mozzarella cheese as well in there.  The prosciutto wasn't exactly what we had in mind, but overall, it was a hearty helping that was more than enough for a party of two.Pizza - We shared a small thin crust "Sausage and Peppers" pizza, at $9.95 ("Mozzarella, our famous plum tomato sauce, topped with oven roasted peppers, sausage and freshly sliced garlic").  We would have preferred if the pizza was in the oven longer, cooking the veggies and sausage a bit more.  The crust wasn't thin enough, in our opinion, especially for a restaurant that calls themselves "New York Style Cuisine."  The pizza did taste a lot better the next day after we popped it in our toaster oven for a little while.With the option to pick and choose your pasta and sauces at $9.95 a bowl, we ended up with the Angel Hair pasta and Garlic and Oil sauce.  We asked them to add some tomatoes in there too for a bit more color and taste.  I loved the slices of garlic in the pasta and it was a generous portion for what we paid.Overall, the service was average.  There was this one young Asian waitress that we noticed had excellent customer service skills and we wished she was our server.  We noticed that we were never told the specials of the day (we overheard the waitress telling another table), nor were we even offered the chance to look over the dessert menu (again, we noticed the waitress ask another table).  We did notice the staff of servers work as a team in helping each other clean up and set up.  However, should I return...I would try to get the female server to assist us.  It was apparent who the owners were...a husband and wife team that manned the host desk and handled the register.  I'm not sure how long they have been in business, but it wouldn't hurt if they checked on the customers to see how we were enjoying their meal.  This is the type of restaurant where you need regulars, and creating that friendly neighborhood Italian joint is the best way to gain return customers.
3	not a bad restaurant located in my developing area.  its a small restaurant on the corner of a strip mall.  inside black table/chairs, burnt orange colored walls, and a wide open view of the kitchen.  it reminded me of being inside a villa.  the restaurant is fairly new, and possibly the staff was new to the restaurant business.  our waiter failed to tell us about the specials of the day or the dessert menu, that another asian waitress was informing other customers. i was really impressed with the portions of the dishes served here.  we started with a huge antipasto platter, with artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, marinated mushrooms, red and green olives, provolone cheese, soft mozzarella, and my favorite salty prosciutto.  we also shared a small thin crust sausage and peppers pizza, where the thinness wasn't thin enough and not crispy enough.  definitely not a new york pizza.  i also didnt enjoy the peppers, for they were added to late in the baking process. i like the peppers a bit more cooked or just served raw on my pizza.  dont do it in between.  we also ordered angel hair pasta cooked in garlic and oil sauce.  this dish was ridiculously huge, perfect for somebody loading up on carb before a big run.  we asked them to put some tomatoes in it for more pizazz.   they also served garlic knots with a side of garlic and oil to drizzle all over the knots.  yummyi also like how they had entertainment on saturday night...they had a gentleman singing frank sinatra songs....ah...only vegas...
4	I am craving this place right now.  Last time I went, I had the Fettuccine Alfredo.  I liked it a lot -- I get alfredo at lots of places and this one was really good.  However, believe it or not, the entree was not my favorite part of the meal -- it was the yummmmy garlic knots.  They are complimentary with your meal.  I definitely would come back based on just the garlic knots!
3	I rarely crave Italian food, but if I do, I will be back for the Pannarosa sauce. That stuff is super good.I have had the pizza and the garlic knots here, but I do not care for them. The pizza was thin, but it's not crispy like thin crust should be. Also, the garlic knots taste like oil. I am not sure what it needs. Maybe more garlic. Maybe more pepper. It just needs some sort of seasoning. Or maybe it just needs less oil. YUCK!Overall, this place would not be my first place to go to eat.
