5	We had booked a major hotel chain in downtown Montreal but needed to arrive one day early so decided on Le Dauphin. The price sounded much better than the chain even though we knew we were a little distance from downtown Montreal.Upon arrival we found a lovely hotel with every amenity that we wanted at a great price. The free parking saved us $17 per day compared to the city. A continental breakfast was included which would save us another $20 or so. The room had a King sized bed, a fridge, an electronic safe, a large screen flat panel TV,  and free wireless. I guess the biggest surprise was the free computer in each room! The floors are a hardwood laminate which gives it a cool modern look.We would have appreciated better coffee in the room as their included coffee is mediocre at best. The continental breakfast is just OK and yet it carried us nicely into midafternoon each day. The cappucino machine did add a nice touch though. Aside from the pouring rain on our visit we were thrilled with the place. We extended our stay to two nights and then caved and did all three here by cancelling our other booking. We took the nearby Metro into the city and found it really convienient. The staff were also really pleasant when we needed a bit of direction.
4	The Hotel Dauphine is on the South shore, across the river from downtown and old town Montreal. But it is next to a Metro station so traveling back and forth is easy to do, and you pay less on this side of the St. Lawrence. It is just over the Pont Jacques-Cartier, so driving back and forth is pretty easy, and parking is free, with plenty of it. You can get a nice, clean room, with faux hardwood linoleum floors for about $100 most of the time, and that includes a continental breakfast, too. You also get free WiFi in your room, and actually there is a desktop computer and monitor on the desk, so if you forgot your computer, Voila! There is of course a TV, iron, iron board, coffee maker. etc that you would find in most business type hotels. Since it is near education centers, a lot of students stay here and work here, but they are friendly and pretty well trained.  So if you want to save a little money and just be a couple of Metro stops from downtown Montreal, this is a good choice. Caution: the beds here are super firm!
5	Very modern hotel. Everything is clean, tidy and fashionable. Breakfast has a variety of items to choose. Free wifi covered the whole building. Free parking. Cafe even has the latest iMac. Alarm with iPhone 4/4s(30 pin) dock. Recommended!
