5	hawaii comes to vegas!  inside the pH hotel on the strip.. convenient for getting Booze.. prices are reasonible as well.. they have your standard snack fix stuff as well as well as stuff for rehydrationif you spend $100 total (keep your receipts) you can get a gift (to the tune of a calendar, mug, etc)
5	Best place to buy water at a fair price, snacks at a fair price, and cut fruit at a reasonable price on the strip. Very convenient location. Closest water/snacks place to MGM.
4	there's no where else i know that sells tabasco potato chips. MMM. and they do sell my fave arizona sweet tea. this is the ultimate tourist and/or locals shop to buy necessities, and snacks when walking the strip. it's like a mini walmart almost, but with a hawaiian twist to it, and they sell items you wouldn't normally find in a general mini market. they have a daring amount of souvenirs. don't get lost in here, or go ahead. hahaha.
3	If you have been to Hawaii, you know what an ABC store is. They are as ubiquitous as Starbucks there. Well, at least in Waikiki. Since Las Vegas is nicknamed the 9th Hawaiian Island, it makes sense that ABC would set up shop here.There are a number of ABC stores on the Strip. This one is close to the MGM Grand and NY NY. This store appears to be new. There was a section that looked like it was still being put together. The front of the store is smaller than the back which is expansive.The appeal of ABC is the selection of Hawaiian products and Vegas souvenirs/apparel offered here. You will find things like macadamia nuts and tanning oil here in addition to the requisite alcohol selection. Unfortunately, no mini bottles found here.The back of the store has a refrigerated food section including deli sandwiches, sushi and soda drinks/water. They also carry vacation essentials. Though for things like batteries and OTC medications, you would be better off visiting the 24/7 CVS or Walgreens down the road.If you are looking for a little aloha from Hawaii in Vegas, go to ABC.
4	This is where we picked up beer and liquor so we didn't have to give up and arm or a leg to get drunk.  Good souvenirs here as well.
4	I love the ABC Store in HI and I love it LV! We frequented this store for alcohol and late night grub to stash in the hotel kitchen after late night of partying or gambling.  Extremely convenient and everything was reasonably priced.
3	I was all bummed a couple of weeks ago because  and I lost one of my Locals flip flops  and I am not going to Hawaii anytime soon.  So, when I realized that they have ABC Stores in Vegas, I got happy.  But the reality is that they they don' t have Locals slippers at the Vegas locations.  They have other kinds, but not the wonderful, lightweight Locals. Boo.Three stars for the other stuff, cool souvenirs and a nice selection of alcohol.  This place is crowded like anywhere on the strip.
5	Stay away from the stores near the lobby/ vending machines and go to ABC instead! My friends and I went to ABC almost everyday during our trip to pick up snacks and drinks. The prices are way more reasonable here than the hotel stores. They have almost anything you will need. Food, toiletries, makeup, booze, water, cheesy souvenirs, soda...the list goes on. Love it!
4	bigger that i thought it would be. plus you don't have to walk into a shopping center or casino/hotel to get to right off the strip. filled with things that people actually buy not like some of the other shops right off the strip that have tons of things that maybe once in a while someone buys. no dust collecting, clean and filled with Hawaii and Vegas souvenirs, candies, t-shirts, calendars, macadamia nut snacks, enjoy cold drinks and a break from walking the strip, etc.
5	Geez, I love an ABC store!!!!  Especially because the carry caffeine free diet coke.
5	ABC Stores made my Vegas trip a few weeks ago fantastic!Lil shots to carry with you at all times. A lil beer or Smirnoff to walk the hot streets with. Snacks for days! They even carry the choco covered nuts you find in Hawaii..The best part?!? They don't charge you an outrageous amount of money just because you are on the strip in Vegas. Gotta wonder why their lines are so long!I suggest getting your corny gifts here, you know the ones, the keychains, shot glasses, etc. But eat the choco there. You don't wanna show up with box of Hawaiian choco when you came back from Vegas right??Maybe I am wrong. Buy some choco to take home!
4	Came here looking for a certain souvenir and couldn't find it.  To be fair, I haven't yet found it at any souvenir store I've looked at.  ABC's are pretty handy, but I prefer Walgreens next door.
4	Can't believe I came here for souvenirs for my family, back in Hawaii -_-But I admit, it's kinda nice, being stuck in Cali for school, a little taste of Hawaii in Vegas is amazing! They might not have Hawaiian Sun or any of those local items, but they have plenty of Hawaii and vegas souvenirs, and the employees, dare I say, seem like local Hawaiians haha.My boyfriend got us on guest lists for 3 clubs, from just random dudes standing at the liquor wall who happened to be club promoters.A organized and clean place to stop for a snack if you don't feel like braving the sketchy local owned shops or going to a simple CVS for asprin or chips. I like it! A funny concept.
4	A Hawaiian chain store in Vegas!- liquor, wine, champagne- food- snacks- assorted drinks- makeup- toiletries- basic medicine- souvenirsThe place to go for almost all your needs!
4	Aloha! Reminds me of Hawaii every time I visit. From souvenirs to drinks and snacks and personal care items. I can spend some time browsing this store. Maybe a little too much time. :DNot much else to add, but definitely check this store out.
4	A taste of Hawaii on the strip!  Just like the stores on the islands, ABC is a great place to stop if you're in need of beer, liquor, nuts, souvieniers, or anything you would typically  find at a Walgreens or CVS.  If you're a fan of Kona Brewing Company, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find 16oz bottles of Longboard in the cold case.  My only complaint is that I was unable to find Kona coffee.
4	Last time I was in an ABC store was last year in Waikiki during my Hawaii trip! They're known to be expensive on the islands, so I wasn't surprised that I saw one at the Las Vegas strip!I found the ABC store to be very convenient this past weekend when I played tourist with my family in Vegas! Great location and it wasn't too far from our hotel! Souvenirs, snacks, drinks, and Liquor all in one place! They do have some souvenirs here that were reasonably priced, so it is definitely worth checking out!I stopped by here several times to stock up on drinks and snacks for our suite! I think I even saw some Hawaiian snacks in here!!!
4	For such a generic sounding name one might thing this is your average corner store but one couldn't be more wrong. My first exposure to this chain was in Hawaii and it surprised me there and when I saw two branches one the strip (the other one is in the fashion mall which is an older one). This is a new one as I hadn't seen it before. I was happy that I would be OK for last minute stuff like water, snacks etc.The prices for drinks in Las Vegas keeps going up so some times one needs to enjoy stuff in the hotel.They have actually a very good selection of Beers and liquors. I was on the mood for some beer and was pleasantly surprised to find Delirium Tremens and Nocturnum being carried by themThe prices are tiny bit higher than liquor mart or super store but heck we are on the Las Vegas strip here. I picked up my a bottle each for the Deliriums and some water and snacks and I was in business.A great place to get last minute items.
5	Cant beat ABC stores in Vegas. Get your shots, liquor for your hotel room and snacks to keep you from passing out from drinking too much...all this in one place. Gotta love that! Oh, and the prices are perfect!
5	WUV WUV WUV.I always hit up ABC stores for some hard liqs/bubbly for my Vegas nights! The bottles are not extremely overpriced and the selection cannot be beat. They also have a good variety of snacks; some that you cannot even find in NYC (Hot Funyuns baby!)Also, if you are a broke phi broke college student like I was my first time in Vegas, they also sell some decent prepackaged sandwiches for something redonks like $4. Not a bad option if you are trying to save some moolah :)Choice of free Las Vegas tote or mug if you spend $100+!I also bought this ridiculously adorable Hello Kitty in a flapper costume in front of a slot machine key chain from here. Amazing.
5	I LOVE THE ABC STORE. I am used to loving the ABC Store in Hawai'i and this one in Vegas on the Strip is no exception!I love, love, love all the grocery selection. I was able to quickly get a gluten free lunch or breakfast here for cheap. And, oh yeah, stock up on Hawai'i-made stuff, too!Tons of Hello Kitty Vegas souvenirs! If you are looking to get something awesome, DO YOUR SHOPPING HERE. Don't go anywhere else for a few groceries and stuff to bring home.
5	It seems like every time I go to Vegas, it seems like I have to visit this place at least once a day.  Where else are you going to buy cheap beer? Why pay $8 at the hotel or the bar? You'll pay about $3 here. Awesome! Plus bottled water is only 99 cents here also!! I love the fact that they have everything you can ask for here also, snacks, shirts, sandals, earrings, alcohol, cigars, totes, etc.  If you forget something at home, you'll be able to find it here.  I love love love that they sell those foam flowers for your hair.  I wear them all the time and I always buy at least two when I come to Vegas.  If you're on the strip walking around, you must visit this place.
5	Plain and Simple: You can get great souvenirs for your loved ones here. Great selection (literally everything) and a a faily large discount from the hotel gift shops. Great reason to stop in.
5	gotta bring home tchockes for the kids and friends from...anywhere!  go to an ABC store same stuff as the touristy stores but 30-50% less.  hands down cheap and same product..magnets, hello kitty, t shirts, snow globes, ANY type of souviner...nuff said.
5	I really like this store. A good place to pick up touristy type gifts for friends/family back home or for yourself. They have tshirts, drinks, and sweet snacks. This was the first ABC store I had been in but I had heard a ton about them. This store was everything I thought it would be. This is also a great place to get bottled water on the strip- can't beat the $0.99!
4	This place is all right. It looks like they have practically everything you need.I only wanted a big diet red bull and a six pack.Tip: 2 registers in the back.
4	Can't go wrong with these places.  Always have liquor specials, mixers aren't too pricey either.  This is where I go to buy cheap gifts for the family, so I don't have to go Christmas shopping.
3	The store is ok but alcohol is only $1-2 cheaper than what you'd pay from your mini bar
5	An ABC store in Vegas? I thought they were only in Hawaii!That's the first thought that came to my mind when I saw the ABC store in Vegas. It still has the Hawaiien feel with the Hawaiien flowered shirts uniforms and other Hawaiien stuff throughout the store with and the occasional Vegas souvenirs with the skyline on shirts and other merchandise. I mostly come here for the cheapwater and beer, it's also fun to browse around and see what other crap they have. Shopping here will save you so much money compared to the hotel lobby stores. They also have a hard liquor section located behind the cashier with excellent pricing and a great wine selection.
4	I believe I already left a review for this place...Pretty nice little gift shop. I bought a little elvis outfit for my godson and a shot glass.They had a very nice selection of merchandise along with decent customer service.
5	Yay. This was the place to get the cheapest lil take home gifts for friends and family. I was able to get water, cards, post cards, key chains, novelty items and a few t-shirts here for not so much. It is always fun to see what there is to see and to look at all the deals. I can't go wrong coming here. The one thing that lots of people don't know is that there are cash registers at the very back of the place. Check it out. there's usually no lines. in and out. that's how we do it.
5	Yay!  ABC is one of my favorite places to pick up forgotten toiletries and things in Hawaii, so I was thrilled they had one in Vegas.  I like them so much, my husband probably thought I forgot toothpaste and contact solution on purpose--but we picked up some cheap late night snacks for him to make it a win for everyone :)
4	Great prices on alcohol.  Decent selection of wine and beer.  Friendly, helpful service.  Good place to get light groceries, too.
5	Great place to get beer while on the strip for cheap!
4	I love the nostalgia of going to the ABC Stores - it brings back memories of Hawaii. I came here specifically to get plastic foam flower barrettes for myself and my daughter.
4	Very decently priced convenience store. Yes, not only Hawaii, they are here as well. It is very precious, because other shops in Vegas are trying to charge more than what you pay at home. For example, water bottle is just $.89.
4	This branch is located at the Miracle Miles Shops at Planet Hollywood.  Gives me a bit of a taste of Hawaii.  In Hawaii, I think of the ABC Stores as being really expensive.  When I saw this store in Las Vegas, though, the prices seemed very reasonable.  Hmm....for example, their beer prices seemed really cheap compared to all the other places on the Strip.  If I remember right, the 25oz cans of Budweiser were 2 for $5.00.  Lower prices than the bars.  Although, if you're playing at the casinos, you can get drinks for "free".So, although, I normally would not shop at ABC stores on the islands.....in Vegas, I would definitely stop by this ABC Stores whenever I'm at Planet Hollywood again.
5	What a crack up to find this in Vegas. It's pretty much exactly like the locations in Hawai'i except the tourist just says Las Vegas on it. They also have Mac nuts and kitschy Hawaiian junk. Fun times
5	Need a cheap drink to walk around with?  This is the place to go.  You're not going to find any fancy specialty drinks here.  If all you need is a beer to walk around with, or some hard liquor then check this place out.  You'll get taken for $6 a beer (24oz) everywhere else.  At ABC you'll get 2 beers (25oz each) for $5.  How can you beat that?  Plus they have late night snacks and souvenirs if you need them.PRO: +Cheap+Quick+FriendlyCON:-Can be busy at times.  They only have 1 or 2 registers open at any given time.  Don't worry, it's worth the wait.
3	When I was in Hawaii, I love these shops even though they were a million of them.  I'm quite happy that they are popping up all over Vegas.  You pretty much can get everything that you can in Hawaii, except the spam musubi, which is a good thing.  That stuff is nasty and I cannot understand why Hawaiians like it.  These stores are like a 7-Eleven except it has a bunch of touristy gifts.  I hope to see more of these stores pop up especially if it's in a casino.
5	The one store with everything I need in Vegas.  Reasonably priced alcohol, water, T-shirts, souvenirs, snacks, and kitschy crap.  I know the location of every single ABC store on the strip, and frequent them, well, frequently.  The employees always have a great attitude as well, which just makes the place that much better.
4	Stopped in to this location conveniently located, off the busy strip. My girlfriend wanted to grab a few things to take back to LA. I was so excited that I accidentally came across my coconut syrup! Great place for souvenirs. Reminds me of my vacations in Hawaii.
4	This ABC store is located in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood next to the V Theater. I frequent this location when I'm in the area to buy cheap alcohol. My husband bought a Tall Boy PBR for $3.47 out the door.  Just FYI, they were offering a 2 for $5 on domestic beers but we opted to get only 1 beer. ABC's prices definitely beat out prices of nearby bars at Miracle Mile or the bars inside the Planet Hollywood hotel.  This store is impeccably organized.  I didn't see anything out of place.  The cashiers were friendly and all 3 registers were being manned to keep pace with the line. The ABC inside Miracle Mile is as good as it gets as far as convenience stores go.
5	2 FOR $5 Tall boys!
4	ABC has stores outside of Hawai'i now?  Well, I'm certainly taking advantage of that, boy howdy.My family went to Waikiki twice when I was growing up, and we went to ABC a lot for the necessities.  They were a convenience store that had everything we needed, including souvenirs, and didn't overcharge us simply because they were close to Kalakaua Ave.  I see that they transplanted that ethos to The Strip.  All I needed was Hawaiian Host chocolates (well, I didn't *need* them, heh heh), and I got some, but I noticed that their groceries, drug store items, t-shirts, fake roulette tables, etc. were of good quality and priced reasonably.This is probably the busiest ABC in Las Vegas, but there are others a short walk away.  Of course, a short walk can be rather long in 100-degree heat . . .  Whatever.  You'll find good things at good prices at ABC, moreso than at Walgreens.  Aloha!
5	Convenience store realness and the best prices on The Strip. We would walk from The Flamingo pretty much every day for the following necessities:Brand name bottled water - $1Gummi Bears - $2Beer - $5Service is quick. The store is bright and clean. You can't beat the prices. Aloha, ABC!
