5	Shawn installed a Hale pet door for us today. He was professional and courteous throughout our dealings with him. The Hale pet door is far superior to any other brand we have ever had. They are more expensive, but well worth the price if you value quality. Shawn did a great job on the install and we could not recommend him more highly! THANKS SHAWN!
5	Shawn came out this morning and installed our new doggy door. He was on-time, professional, and walked us through the directions, maintenance, and even how to train our pup to use it. He uses high quality doors so the price is slightly higher than some, but his labor cost is very fair and well worth it. Whole process took roughly an hour. I would highly recommend.
5	great guy....super price and service....installed today...doggies can't wait to use it(humans too!!!)
5	Desert Star Pet Door owner is Shawn. Shawn installed a JGM pet door for me in the wall of my home. It is made just like a Hale but less money. same great warranty. He was friendly and took his time answering my questions over the phone. I scheduled an appt and he came out. We found the best place to install the door and he did an amazing job. My pets loved him and he helped me get them to use the new door. It's amazing how efficient the new door is. I would recommend Shawn to anyone that wants a quality job done. He took his time covering the area, indoor and out and rolled up the tarps and took the trash away. He even helped me to figure out how to fix the pet door I was no longer using. It was a Home Depot pet door that no longer made the flap. That door never provided the efficiency this new door will. My pets and I are very excited about this new pet door. Thanks Shawn!!!
5	Shawn was very professional, friendly and helpful on the phone, and did an AWESOME job of installing a giant doggy door for my mastiffs, I have had it a year now (I thought I had written a review already), and I LOVE it. Excellent workmanship, fair prices, great guy - highly recommend him.
5	I have used Desert Star Pet Doors on multiple occasions now and have been impressed every time.  The first time, Shawn removed a very cheap and poorly installed dog door that the home's previous owners had put in.  Not only did he put in a great new Hale door, he also went out of his way to clean up after the previous poor install to make it look much nicer.  We had him come back about a year later to add on an exterior security flap as well, which I highly recommend. I've had Hale doors installed by other providers before; Shawn is by far the easiest to work with and is super friendly to our pups!
5	Having Shawn put in our doggie door was the best decision. He used the highest quality door (Hale) and while they're not inexpensive, they are such good quality and make other doors look like garbage. Shawn was early to arrive and did the whole installation in such a short time with the upmost perfection and professionalism. We have already recommended him to friends. 5 stars, all the way.
5	If I could give Shawn more than 5 stars, I would!!!  Shawn could not have been more professional and courteous.  We had a JGM wall mounted pet door installed last week and couldn't be happier!  He took the time to answer all of my questions over the phone prior to selling me anything. He could've sold me the more expensive Hale model, but didn't push or try to convince me to spend more money.  And here's the icing on the cake - he was on time!!! I can't tell you the last time a contractor showed up on time, yet he did and even called me prior to arrival to let me know he was en route.  Installation was quick and clean up was extensive - you could not tell the pet door wasn't installed during the initial construction of the house plus you couldn't tell he was there after he cleaned up.  I couldn't give Shawn more of higher recommendation than this.  If you're reading this and trying to decide whom to install your pet door...your search is over! Desert Star Pet Doors is the one to choose!!!
