3	I agree with Pamela, this place is not closed.  It just looks like it is.  The chinese restaurant here is decent, and the Mongolian place is delish.I think it hurts that many of the stores have been forced to close, like the Best Buy, but there are great places to visit.Target, Guitar Center, Toys R Us, Home Depot (where we get our Christmas Tree every year), Petco, Ulta, Sports Authority, etc...   Some great stores.It's rumored to get a huge boost when the new D'backs spring training stadium opens.
3	Just another average strip mall in Arizona....but like a lot of the establishments there it will benefit greatly from the new Salt River Fields spring training facility there especially during the month of march when there will be tons of visitors in town for spring training games. While your at the Pavilions though don't forget to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I had to write an update for the Pavilions because they are really up and coming. I paid my first visit to the UltraStar Cinema tonight and it was great. I had dinner at the YC mongolian restaurant....it was awesome....and the nightlife there is so calming and peaceful. Plenty of outdoor seating....for both the Cinema and the restaurant....and the lighting for the entire area is simply magnificent. Now I have to say during the day this area doesn't look like much....but at night it transforms into a bit of magical wonderland in the middle of the desert. Show if your ever in Scottsdale and just want to relax and see a good movie....Scottsdale Pavilions is your spot. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!1
4	The Pavilions is definitely on the road to revival. The Food Court has been completely revamped (although many stores are still vacant), YC's is always delicious and I can see the developers vision for the future. I sold a foreclosure home nearby to an investor several years back and he went on and on about how this redevelopment was coming, but only in the last 6 months has it been so apparent. Salt River Fields next door has been very successful, and reopening the movie theater was also a huge plus. Pavilions will soon be a nightly Scottsdale destination again, and not just on Saturday nights!
3	It's getting better as the new owners remodel and get in some new tenants.
2	It is another strip mall - and a very subpar one at that.  No covered parking.  No real stores of interest.  Too crowded, and a royal pain in the ass to take a left turn out of given the light timing.
5	Best car show on Saturdays!
4	this place is great! but it is in dire need of a grocery store! the albertsons up the way sucks terribly! the staff there is the worst! I love the pavilions because its literally right on the other side of the wall from my house, it has a target! :-) Its got a great selection of stores, but definitely needs more. Lot of vacant spaces in there and OMG it SO needs a grocery store!
3	It's an old mall and the parking lots desperately need to be updated because they're not logical.  However, despite all that, this is a shopping mall on the rise.  Recent additions Blimpie's, Hooters, and Chipotle have added to the food mix.  Octane Raceway, an indoor/outdoor kart facility will open soon.....and so will Buffalo Wild Wings.I also enjoy coming to the McDonald's car show on Saturdays.  The best and most honest mechanic shop is also here at the Shell station.  My regular, quick lunch stops...Taco Bell, McDonald's, and Filiberto's are here too.This will never be a premium shopping mall....but it's still very enjoyable and functional.Return Factor - 90%
2	I've been going to this car show for quite sometime now as its basically in my back yard and so has my car club. We pretty much were birthed as a club here and have enjoyed showcasing our cars. It gets a star for accessibility when that's possible and another for the Target, YCs and Yogurtology close by. It would have more stars though if the owners, Salt River Project Police Department and management company stopped punishing clubs that have nothing to do with the poor choices of individuals (those who choose to do burn outs, make traffic problems and ruin it for first time attendees). I've been  asked to leave early twice now for my car (it has an interactive sound system and is a Transformers Edition Bumblebee Camaro). Not a cheap car by any makes or means, but it's not being shown to make this show look good, but for the children who enjoy seeing one of their favorite pop culture characters up close and personal.I think what's really sad is when assumptions are made and those who go to this show and have for a while are lumped in with those who ruin it. I went to the McDonald's that hosts this show and they have no show guidelines on sight. I looked online and the hours vary from 4-8 to 4-10. On July 13 we were all asked to leave at 10 as the show was over. I was asked to turn my car down to a muted level as my sound was competing with their DJs. In the past I was allowed to showcase my system after 8pm but that's not the case anymore I guess. If I didn't comply, I would be asked to leave.Like I said I've been asked to leave once already last year for the same reason but it was before 8. If complying by their rules and guidelines after 8 is a problem then they're going to have to make the public aware of it, not make an example out of someone in an embarrassing manner. But the biggest problem I have with this show is the disappointment I have been able to witness in a young child's face because of "management." Nothing breaks my heart more than the sadness of a child. Especially when they can't get a picture taken with my car or even try to enjoy it with my family. I watched that last night. I hope I never see that again. Hearing a child say goodbye too early and because of someone else's poor decisions is not acceptable in my book. I foresee a loss in interest, revenue, attendance and maybe I'll be back. Maybe. There are other shows to go to and I'd hate to not come back because of someone else. Thank you for your time and as Optimus Prime says "Roll Out."
4	Lived in Scottsdale for over year now I go to the pavilions every weekend to get my shopping done. I was just at the $.99 store today as well as Home Depot, very convenient! I also like the fact that every couple of months I do see something new like the Red Robin that just opened and it's really good and so is the Buffalo Wild Wings. Would love to see a smash burger or some type of burger eatery also a yogurt place or dessert cafe near the movies would be fun!
