5	Rosslyn Chapel is a must for any Scotland visitor - not only does it claim the DaVinci Code fame but it's completely surrounded in mystery The Holy Grail, Knights Templar, & The Freemasons all seem to have a connection to Rosslyn Chapel.... even Solomon's Gold seems to make an appearance in its history But while you won't find any secret tombs or grails, you will find an absolutely wonderful lecturer full of stories, history & myths alike. Pointing out the unique masonry, sculptures & art, you would have *never* seen for yourself unless you planned to spend about a year studying it all. And yes, she even tells us about the filming of DaVinci Code and how those "stories" intertwine w/ Rosslyn's true history The chapel was built for the Prince of Orkney, Sir William St Clair in 1446. The chapel was part of a large-scale project involving a cruciform structure that was never completed. Prince Orkney was a Knights Templar, who legend has it, were in possession of the Holy Grail & it is surmised the chapel is the hiding place for this and other religious treasures, including a fragment of the holy rood, the cross of the crucifixion. The vault, unopened for centuries is the suggested repository for these items. The vault actually contains the remains of the Sinclair ancestors, interred in full armour as was customary until one of their wives objected to the practice in the 1700s. The chapel is also said to be a representation of Solomon's Temple & somewhere below the vaults are his treasure The Sinclair family who have owned the Chapel have never allowed excavation to finally determine the truth behind all these mysteries.... are they indeed Knights Templar still protecting the holy relics? When we visited, the chapel was under renovations & will be for a few more years to come - scaffolding all around & big drapey things so your pics won't be pristine But then again, when Ron Howard was filming, he had the same experience. As they filmed DaVinci Code, there was this huge metal shed thing covering the whole top of the chapel. Hollywood asked the Trust to remove it for filming ...they said no & rightly so! But w/ the magic of film, you see no shed-covering However, there is a bit of Hollywood left behind ..... but you'll have to attend the lecture yourself to find out
5	Okay could anywhere in the world be more beautiful (on the inside I mean).  The outside of this little church has been under construction forever I've been told.  The inside is amazing though.  I am NOT a fan of Dan Brown books.  I actually really dislike them but I agreed to go here anyways and thank goodness I did.  It is the coolest and most beautiful chapel that I have ever been to.  I loved it and could have spent the entire day just sitting inside and being there.  MUST MUST MUST do!
4	Wonderful chapel...Free Masons, Knights Templar...Grail?A great adventure!
