1	Used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.  Their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a Toyota.  Plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.  Since they don"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.  Sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  They lost my business for good.
1	I got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat. I took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason I had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - WAIT, WHAT? I just got the tire and never needed to have it patched? This was supposed to be a new tire. I took the tire over to Flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it. So there are resentful tire slashers? I find that very unlikely. After arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time". I will never go back to Flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
1	Terrible. Preordered my tires and when I arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere. Once we got through that process I waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... I was originally told it would take 30 mins. Slow, over priced, I'll go elsewhere next time.
4	Contrary to other reviews, I have zero complaints about the service or the prices. I have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like Pep Boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing. Also, this is one place that I do not feel like I am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender. Other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry. But here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide. And they just renovated the waiting room. It looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
1	Last summer I had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time. I also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on. They "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning I had the same issue. I called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!! So frustrated. Never going back.  They seem overpriced, too.
