4	Harris-Teeter may hold a monopoly on Charlotte, but  I like shopping at the Wyalong Commons H-T because it combines the trademark service and selection of H-T with the accessibility of a small town grocery store.First of all, its not as heavily used as Harris Teeters in more affluent areas of town.  There are lines at rush hour and unlike other grocery store chains who don't staff more cashiers at peak times, this Harris Teeter seems to 'get it'.  Plus, less over-caffeinated soccer moms shopping at this one, so you don't resort to being pushy to get to what you need.  Second, it's navegable because of its size.  This store stocks one or two of each item yet still retains a good selection.  Culinary snobs might want to visit the South Park location.I will admit to wishing that they were more speciality stations in the deli/bakery like bigger H-T's.  They have a station subs made on demand (and only one person to make them, uggh!), and an olive and cheese bar.  Harris-Teeter self-checkout machines are particularly paranoid that you might snatch a re-usable bag or something,  And if you visit this store in the morning hours, you'll likely check yourself out and flag an employee down to coax the machine.  Kinda defeats the purpose of self-checkout....Other than self-checkout and understaffed sub station, this Harris-Teeter allows for a more pleasant shopping experience than H-T's.
4	Great service and nice clean store! My only issue is the distance from car to store... I just do not find this setup very user or handicap friendly.
3	I agree with Seth A.  There never really seems to be a 'bad' line whenever I come here to pick up some quick stuff.Like all HTs, pricing can get up there for certain items, but I like the store...  its well kept and clean.  All the cashiers seem genuinely happy to see you come through the line.My biggest gripe about this location is that they were smart about designing the parking lot and placing the spaces away from the entrance, but people just stand on the curb in front of the store - Would it kill you to walk 100 more feet to park your car in the proper place?!?  Seesh
4	I shop here at least once a week stopping on my way home from work. The managers are always eager to stop and ask you if you need help, which is a big plus in my book. The produce department is very good along the same lines as most HT's. While the parking is a little bit far from the store like John mentioned it's not that difficult to find a spot. Also, what's really great about this HT is that once you start shopping here it doesn't take you very long to get the layout and figure out where everything is. The really great thing that I personally love about this location is that it will never ever be as busy as the location in Matthews Township. That location can be a nighmare to get in and out of.
3	I am not a regular customer of HT - this one or any other - but this one seems to be a bit off from those that I have visited.  I think it must be the location, and the fact that it just isn't on a major road of any sort.Now it isn't that there is anything wrong with the store itself, and the fact that they do not seem to get busy most times can be a good thing.  You just feel like you are in this sort of twilight zone of shopping, however - maybe Rod Serling is going to come out at any point, or maybe Allen Funt will pop out and ask why you chose to shop at this store, which was only set up to see if anyone would stop there.  Something just seems a bit odd is all.As to the store itself, the staff is just fine, the selection seems to be perfectly normal, and as with most Harris Teeter locations, the prices are probably a bit on the higher end of grocery stores, but if you are used to that, you are also used to a generally better selection than other stores (say, Food Lion).  Shop on, dude!
3	This shopping center seems almost out of place for the area. Lots of older strip malls and houses surround this very new looking HT. I wouldn't call it an oasis (not with that many empty parcels), nor an eye sore. Just...different.This location is what I would call "okay." They do not have all the bells and whistles of some of the other locations (no cheese bar, no Starbucks) and, to me anyway, they do not seem to have as expansive a produce section. But for the proximity to my house, this one gets the job done, and the service is still top-notch.As others have said, it is not as busy as others, which is a good thing (see any of my other grocery store reviews if you need a refresher on my disdain of grocery shopping). There aren't as many cookie-cutter-suburbanite moms who will mow you over without even noticing there are other people in the store, and there is also a lack of the senior shoppers who look as vacant as someone who has been physically lost since '77. The killer for me, though? It's not 24 hours. Yes, I AM that guy who goes shopping at 1:30am. Sadly, there is not a 24 hour grocery store of any brand in the Mint Hill/Eastland area. Maybe HT will jump on that.
4	I love Harris Teeter have since I was a little girl it's just a great grocery store always clean, nice people (almost) but then you run into those people who act as if your are not in their league.  And I figure this much because of the kind of grocery store it is, well my money spends just like yours.  Any who, I for the most part try to always go to the u-scan thing where I can do it my self and get moving and not have to wait in long lines.  There is only one lady that help work the u-scan who actually sits there and do her job which is great because that's why she's there.  I went in there the other day and the girl who was at the main scanning thing was too busy talking to her friends that she wasn't paying attention to anything that was going on.  I had to stand there for several minutes trying to get her attention so she could help me.  She really wasn't interested in doing so, I think it bothered her that I needed help and she had to break away from her very important conversation.  Well I say if you want to have conversations go home, get someone else to stand in her place that will do there job.  It's not hard to just stand there and assist when needed.  More importantly I've noticed that lately the u-scan machines are always down maybe 2 of the 4 actually work.  It's frustrating because sometimes they only have 1 register open.  I'm really having issues with Harris Teeter lately they need to get it together.  Got a million and 1 stores in Charlotte and surrounding areas, got a new grocery store coming to town going to give the competition I'm sure so they need to step it up.
5	I love Harris Teeter! Since I was let in on the Lil secret (which it was probably just me not knowing) that you don't have to actually by the entire pound if meat and cheese you can just buy what you want...I know I know ur saying "really ur just now knowing this" the answer is yes and when I found out it was like Christmas, New Year's, and my birthday (with plenty of presents) all in one. No longer would I fall victim to pre packaged deli meat pumped full of water and full of sodium. I can relish in the variety of Boars Head meat and cheese...and relish I do! If u ever want an amazing sandwich try the Jerk turkey with Lacy Swiss (thin sliced) or rosemary chicken with provolone cheese or Gouda. Their meat is full of flavor and u want be disappointed. During the day theirs usually a lady by the bakery where u can buy specialty bread and she will use a machine to cut it into sandwich slices. Visit Harris Teeter with caution...it's addicting!
3	First time at Publix because I'm a Harris Teeter girl, the store is beautiful, love the set up.  Excellent, incredible, wonderful, outstanding and any other nice word you can think of customer service.  Hands down the best customer service I've ever experienced at a grocery store.  Nothing like Harris Teeter, they treat you like they are doing you a favor.  I went to this Publix Friday around noon, wanted to compare it to my Harris Teeter, so that after non I went to my store, seriously the customer service stinks like no body's business. They rarely acknowledge you, even the managers. They were busy talking about what they were going to do when they got off could careless that I was even there buying groceries.  Their attitudes are so sorry the only time they would realize something is going on is when they lose out on their paychecks. It's a shame, any way back to Publix a beautiful place, great customer service, the deli and bakery super nice. The only issue I had was the deli was slow. I was the only one in line getting something and they wasn't prepared, I waited about 15 minutes or so. But other than that it was a great visit, I can't wait until one comes the new one comes to Mint Hill.Thanks PublixJust thought you should no Harris Teeter there is better out there especially the customer service.
5	It never occurred to me that my small neighborhood location would be on Yelp.  I've had several excellent experiences here that I've emailed Harris Teeter Corporate about.  This one is epic, so I'm yelping about it!While in the deli section this past Monday, I observed something unreal.  At the moment I walked up, the deli person happened to be doubling as the sandwich maker. When she completed a sandwich, she walked over from the sandwich station, leaving it unattended, to help me.  It wasn't busy. Only one guy then approached the sandwich station. He was cool, patient, and relaxed.The manager was walking by making sure that side of the store was in good order.  He stopped suddenly, took inventory of the scene at the deli/sandwich station, and rushed over to......get this.....MAKE THE GUY'S SANDWICH!  Have you EVER seen a store manager at Harris Teeter working at the sandwich station.  Ha!  I stood there in awe. It was marvelous.It was clear he either had never done it before, or it had been a very long time, because he was quickly trying to figure things out, and grabbing everything he would need....all the while being upbeat, professional, and totally in the zone.  I just stood there. It was such a  beautiful philosophical moment, I wanted to cry.  Initiative, team work, principles, integrity, selflessness, commitment, high standards.....so many of the concepts that make a company great were represented in this manager's impromptu act.  So, of course,,,, I whipped out my phone. This was a moment worth capturing.  I didn't want him to see me, so had to take these pics inconspicuously.I walked out the store a little better that day. This is MY HARRIS TEETER!!!
