4	For me, this place has been a long time coming. I have known for about a year that this restaurant was going to be opening in the Quarter Mile. It is a shame that it is so hidden and away from the main footfall on Middle Meadow walk, but if they improve their website and build a presence on social media then this should help them promote the restaurant.The staff are SUPER lovely. Very kind and took the time to have a chat with us. Also, they kindly gave us two free drinks after the meal. As they had only been open 7 days when we visited, the seemed slightly nervous but they went out of their way to make a good impression, and they certainly did that!As for the food, most of the dishes are labelled as spicy, and they are that. But perfectly so for me. I had the squid dish and it was delicious, i definitely have it again.If you want good quality food in a nice environment with friendly and helpful staff, then go here! :)
4	Most of the time I tend to avoid 'curries' here I was pleasantly surprised. Authentic Malaysian curry with chicken is a tasty dish with enough spice to avoid me having to ask for anything added. We started with spicy soft-shell crab - my oh my.. I have another favourite to add to my list of food. Well battered (light and crispy) spicy but not too. And we got a nice chili sauce to dip it in. The service is warm & welcoming and very very outstanding! (my glass was kept topped up) TOP CLASS So why is there a star missing?The prices. The food was good, but not THAT price-tag deserving good. Granted we were there on a Voucher Deal but for what we had I thought the deal was just about right. I wouldn't have been to pleased to have to pay full for what we got.Also this restaurant is away form the main areas, the building is a 'Retail Unit' in the Quarter-Mile development area overlooking a concrete courtyard. Spacious, but unable to entice an warm Malaysian atmosphere. A bit lack lustre, but the staff was very good in making the place warm and pleasant.
4	Excellent food and very nice service. Prices seem good. Tried several of the Malaysian dishes and they come pretty close to the real deal, and i liked the "street food" menu. The thai dishes are also pretty good except the tom yam soup which i found way too sweet.I eat there pretty often when i am in the area.
4	This is the 4 Stars update to Nanyang. Just recently we took a delivery of the most authentic food you could imagine. I was really pleased that their cooking for delivery doesn't affect any of their quality of ingredients and spicing. Their Chicken Rendang was superb and the side dishes plentiful and on the topside of yummy and fresh tasting. Their take away prices are not much cheaper than eating in but you do have the convenience of eating wonderful dishes in front of the telly watching 'Come dine with me'  - feeling kinda smug that you have so much better food available than the contestants. Good place and consistently high quality.
1	Don't believe their posted hours. We got there 30 min before closing and we're sent away. Very annoying.
4	I visit the Nanyang every time I come up to Edinburgh as I own a flat in Jubilee Hall just across the road. I have never been disappointed with any of the dishes and the service is polite and friendly. I know that there are two other Malaysian restaurants a few minutes away but it is nice to sit and look out of the window at the stunning Victorian architecture, and I don't mind the price at all.
