3	Really expensive Halloween costumes & shoes. Cute dressing rooms, nice dressing room attendant, lady at the register repulsed me. She was over weight wearing a jacket from there with the price tag, talking to her friends who were shopping there telling her she will her a special discount, wearing sunglasses from the store too with a price tag on them. Not friendly not paying attention charged me for the se dress twice. No bag because they go green. Total disappointment.
5	Talk about GREAT customer service ! I came in earlier this week with my mom. The lady helping us was patient while we looked around and decided on a jacket go my boyfriend. I came back today with my bf to return it because it didnt fit him and the same lady came up to me and remembered about the jacket asking how it fit ect. As we were leaving another young lady made sure we had found everything okay and asked about the jacket as well. Maybe they just have good memory but I think thats amazing.  Always friendly & great stock in clothes
3	Really pricey clothes for men especially to be a second hand store. Many of the looks are the same, plaid shirts, henleys and tshirts. Nothing ground breaking,  well the prices are $12-40 bucks for a shirt. Some are discounted at 50 percent off, but half off a tshirt at $16.50 is still high. New store is nice and a change of pace. Its not as busy as the other store. I suppose those college kids dont think driving to dwtn is worth the effort. The clientele is different for sure. It feels less like a thrift store and more like a real store which takes away the appeal. The credit card machine went on the fritz while I was checking out but they offered us a discount for the inconvenience.  They really gotta do something with those flies and put in more lighting for goodness sake.
5	love this place, the workers are really friendly especially jen, she was a great help while shopping around the store. ill definitely come back . thank u jen for the help:)
2	New location, same crappy attitude. I dislike most of the people that work here. They are usually pretty rude. Their selection is ok although I think their prices are high for used clothing. Very rarely someone will approach you to see if you need any help.
5	I'm gonna start out with the customer service. The store has great customer service. From people helping me find what I was looking for to the person working at the register. I love how they start up small talk. It makes me feel like I'm not just a walking dollar sign.The clothing for men is also pretty outstanding. I always find shirts that I really can't get in most places in Las Vegas. I honestly don't get why other people think its expensive. I usually only spend a max of $30 and get at least 3-4 decent shirts. That's kind of hard for guy shirts especially if you want them to be unique.Overall I think the new place is better. They have a better selection of clothing. I highly recommend it if you want to find clothing that are mostly affordable and unique
4	This location is much larger and nicely decorated then the previous location. Lots of designer brand clothing for men and women. Hats, scarfs, belts, shoes, jewelry, coats (in season), wallets, sunglasses, socks, vintage clothing and several unique things are available all of the time. Seems like the prices are higher at this location. They buy and sell at this location. If you sell your items, they offer 30% in cash (of their selling price for your item) or 50% in trade (items from within the store or other Buffalo Exchange locations).PROS: Large store            HUGE selections of designer brands            Sale items are 50% offCONS: Higher prices            Dimly lit inside
5	Truly a great experience. I've never been to a this type of retail and I was really blown away by the diversity and prices. Nonetheless, there will be some clothing that should not be on the shelves (due to poor quality and noticeable wear) but for the most part it's organized, easy to navigate, with cool finds and deals. Definitely recommend. Staff is also friendly was checked on by 3 different young ladies, attentiveness that you feel is lost in this industry. I was only planning on doing some last minute shopping - but it turned out being something much more as I stayed for over an hour and greatly exceeded my intended budget. Woops.
4	We've been spending most our lives living in a hipster's paradise...So they moved from the ghetto on flamingo and maryland, catering to the UNLV crowd, to the revamped ghetto of downtown, where the secret society of hipsters unite. The store is much larger, the selection is awesome, and the feel of the store is overall pretty swanky. I came in to sell and didn't have too much time to look around, but my buy went very well I will happily return. TIP: No parking lot at this location. Street parking only.
