1	NO CASHIERS AFTER MIDNIGHT?!?Well, we went to our old Fry's this evening (we used to shop here more often before their brand selection went down the tubes), and much to our disappointment, they have decided that anyone that shops past midnight is not in need of a checkout line! Hey, I'm pretty darned good with the Self-Checkout, but I really don't want to have to do this for myself at 12:30AM in the morning. Plus, the scanner wasn't very sensitive, so I wound up having to scan some things a couple times.I recommend that you shop at Safeway at Rural & Broadway instead. They are now open 24/7, it's a much cleaner and nicer store than Fry's (with Starbucks and sushi), AND they actually have cashiers after midnight!Of course, if you're worried about price, just go to Wal-Mart instead (we recommend the "fancy" one at Country Club & Baseline in Mesa, near the Culver's). Wal-Mart has a somewhat better selection, and they also have cashiers after midnight, even if the lines can get a bit long at times!
5	Since moving to Arizona I have selected Fry's as my new grocer and am very happy with my choice! I immediately signed up for their VIP card and love seeing the many savings listed on the receipt after every trip.I am especially happy that I have moved closer to this Frys as it is open 24 hours and even when shopping in the wee hours of the morning can expect to see some nocturnal ASU students.Any interactions I have had with the staff have been pleasant and enjoyable.
5	LOVE this place! Very personable & kind.
5	I've been going to this Fry's location on a regular basis for over 10 years and I've never had a bad experience. The cashier's are all super friendly, as are the greeters, and courtesy clerks. They almost always have extra lanes open so long lines don't form and the store is very clean. There is also a Wells Fargo inside this location. The unfortunate thing about this location is it is a stand alone store so there isn't any other business's, other than the Wells Fargo, in the shopping center. There is a Walmart, a Jimmy Johns, and a CVS across the street, and they also just put in a Fry's Gas Station. What ever your needs are this Fry's will have it and they'll get you in and out quickly
4	Nice staff, pretty organized store, good selection of products. It's not the BEST grocery store I've ever been to, but I really like it!
4	I actually came into Fry's to be seen at The Little Clinic. I needed to get in & out on my lunch break, which I did, perfectly. The staff was efficient, and knowledgeable. And they took my insurance, so all I had out of pocket was my copay.
2	If you are looking for friendly service, opt for the location on Guadalupe and McClintock instead. My visit here today reminded me why I typically drive a little bit further in order to avoid this location. Checkout girl didn't even bother to push my bagged groceries towards the end of the belt so I could easily load them into the cart. And the girl at the bagging station walked away right as the cashier finished ringing everything up. As I was loading my cart the disinterested cashier says one word, "eggs" and hands me my final bag. Just kind of a pathetic experience.
5	I love the look of this store. The walls with the descriptions (such as dairy or seafood) are eye catchers. Everything is clean, which is always a bonus when it comes to food.
4	Great place.  Lots of selections.  The only Fry's I know in Tempe that opens until 1am.  Always a hit with students from the near by ASU since the other closest grocery store, Safeway, closes at midnight.
2	Gas service is good here as prices are less than the surrounding locations; unfortunately, service in the store is sadly lacking.Walking into the store, sometimes there is a security person who is watching.  Not sure what they are watching, as half of the folks walk out without having their bags or receipts checked, while the other half are asked for their receipts and to take their items out of the bags to verify the items in the bags are on the receipts.  The store has more groceries and other items than the Frys at Southern and Mill; it carries less inventory than the location at McClintock and Baseline.  For some reason, there is a greater security presence here than either of the other two stores.  In shopping morning and evening, the number of cashiers varies widely...from more than 5 earlier in the day to none later in the day.When I am checking out, I like personal service instead of the self-checkout.  It is easier to check out with someone behind the register instead of relying on the computer.I guess I am going to have to treat all Frys stores the same way...they need to EARN my business.
1	Today I decided to try out Fry's grocery store for the first time considering I just moved to the area and it is the closest grocery store to my home but I will NOT be returning. I received terrible customer service today at this location. I had a cart of maybe 30 items and accidentally went into the express lane. The cashier told me after I had already put my groceries on the belt that I was in the wrong lane and needed to put my things back in the cart and move down to another aisle. This would not of been a big deal to me if there were actually people waiting in line behind me, but NOBODY was there. After I packed my cart back up switched lanes and got checked out by another cashier I look over and there is still nobody in her lane.  So very disappointed and frustrating. It might be a good idea to take down some of the decorations hanging from each cash wrap so you can actually see the sign that says express lane instead of wasting customers time.
3	Store is always fully stocked and clean.They finally got the mini Starbucks area finish and open!!
4	This store seems to get better each time I visit. I've dropped in from time to time during the last 3 years. Their produce section is awesome and they have a Starbucks now. The pricing is all over the place so be sure to shop the sales.
4	4.5 stars.  This has been a great Fry's location for me.  Staff and customers here are very friendly and helpful.  One crew member saw that I didn't have a cart and had my hands full and offered to get me a basket.  So kind and considerate.  I've been here several times a week over the last 8 months since I moved here.  Consistently pleasant environment.  Checkout is fairly fast.  Only complaint is I wish they had more healthy food items.
5	I've been to Fry's in Sun City and North Phoenix and this one is bigger with better selection. I've also gotten great customer service when I ask for help finding things, when checking out, when returning items, and even on the phone when I called and asked if they had the right brand of water filter. I have to drive a little further to go here, but it's worth it.  Fry's is also good to go to because they have a union for their workers and they can even get health benefits and such after working there for a while (unlike Walmart or Target who pays their employees less than Walmart). I get to support somewhat better employment practices while also paying less for my groceries than at Walmart or Target :)
