4	Great and friendly atmosphere. Seasonal and regional menu; very accommodating.Open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I got to meet the 2 owners; brothers, who are very friendly. Menu changes 8 times a year. With time, this will easily be 5 stars.
4	I went here for a late lunch with some friends.  Though the place was empty, we had a great time.  The staff were very friendly and cool.  The menu is pretty short and sweet, except for the tea list, which is substantial.  Our food came out fast, and was very good.  I had the cheesesteak, which was very good.  Nice quality steak, great bun, perfect amount of peppers and cheese.  Came with a nice little side salad. Highly recommend the Eight Seasons as a very solid place to eat and catch up with friends.
5	This is the greatest addition to the Basset St neighborhood... fantastic service, great food, locally owned, awesome prices, nice atmosphere...I can't say enough. They change the menu 2 times a season, hence the name. The entrees and breakfasts are great. You don't get cheesecake factory sized portions, but you definitely get a good value. They have a great selection of teas,  and offer a full coffee and regular bar. Two brothers own it and you can tell they care about their customers a lot. Get on their mailing list too, they only email once a month and have good specials.
5	Prices, food, staff, drinks... all exceptional. Stop in for a latte and a scone or a great dinner. This place is truly great.
4	I am not going to lie, half the reason I love this place is because I love the people.  I love the story and I love that they are proud of it.  The owners, are so welcoming, but in a way that makes you believe they are in it because they love it, not just the money.   What I love about this place is it's atmosphere, the people.  It's like a restaurant that serves fine food and the "cheers" bar all at the same time.  Now to actually get to the food.  It's always presented fantastically, which I am finding is surprising important to me.  The soups are great and I really enjoy the sandwiches.  The food is always good, although I would say if they had any room for improvement it would be to more carefully describe the entrees on the menu, I am always a little surprised but what actually comes out. Finally, what is really cool about this place is they are open to hosting events and parties.  They are flexible.  They also host their own event which is a spin off of the show IRON CHEF.  I missed the last one by a few minutes but what I could see at the end was really fun!Give this place a shot, there is something for everyone!
3	Cute restaurant, but the food was only ok.  I had half of the Risotto and half of the Chicken Marsala, and both failed to wow me.  I ended up dousing each with salt and pepper, which improved the dishes slightly.  I also split the wontons with my table as an appetizer and they were over fried and the lemon aioli didn't quite mesh well with the flavors of the wonton.  The dessert, Chocolate Mousse Cake, was great though.  I would definitely be up for giving this restaurant a second shot though (after they change their menu up for the next season), because I did really like the atmosphere and the staff was extremely friendly.
3	Great staff though portion size for dinner  beyond tinyOne chicken  breast  with  some small vegetables  16 dollars!No  pasta  or  starch includedGreat  concept  but   was so hungry after leaving
4	For some reason, I came into this place with low expectations. Maybe it was the location that I just didn't love.When I came out of it - I changed my mind. The food was really good, the menu fairly interesting, and the prices extremely fair. The staff even goes out of your way to accommodate substitutions and make you feel like home. I'll be back for sure.
2	To summarize: upscale menu, cheesy 80's music, TV in the bar, hit or miss food, friendly but terrible service = doesn't work.There were four of us, and we all ordered a salad course and an entree.  After we ordered the chef came out (he was very nice) and said: "I don't feel good about serving you the romain lettuce.  Can I use iceberg for the Caesar salad instead? And also, we don't have any fresh produce or potatoes today, so I'd be happy to make you something else instead"  We all replied... ahhhhh... Okay? Sure? Make us whatever is good?  He was very polite and nice about it, but honestly, no produce or vegetables?  He said his truck didn't come in, which I understand happens from time to time, but if you're about to start dinner service and you don't have lettuce or potatoes, you go to the store down the street and you buy some lettuce and potatoes.  So that happened, but I kept and open mind.  Then our salads came out--the iceberg lettuce caesar salads (with no cheese, no anchovies, no cracked pepper) were horrible.  The wedge salad came with no dressing, (oops) I tasted it and thought, i could have made a better salad at my College cafeteria.  So I thought, whatever, the salads suck, you're out of lettuce, who cares, hopefully the food will be good.  1 out of 4.  The Veal scallopini was delicious.  It was rich, cooked nicely and tasted great with the mushrooms.  The rest of the entrees were a huge bummer.  Two steaks were overcooked, but weren't horrible.  The mahi mahi was burnt and overcooked, and the mashed potatoes had the consistency of tooth paste and tasted like they came from a box.  All in all, I felt like I was in an episode of Kitchen nightmares.  I feel like the chef had a lot of heart, and the server was really nice and friendly, but you can't run a restaurant on sunshine and happy thoughts alone.  You need things like fresh, well cooked food, good service, and ambiance.  Maybe my expectations were just too high for the little restaurant?  I don't know, but fundamentally, I think they are seriously lacking on all the things that make a restaurant good.
4	Very welcoming staff; you'll feel like a regular in no time.  Really solid food, nice brunch scene.
4	I went to Eight Season Grille based only on the fact that I had a coupon and was really pleasantly surprised.  I think the location is a little strange and that's why people don't really go there.  We had the porkchop and the fried chicken along with a few drinks and dessert.  Everything was excellent and the prices are reasonable.  The waiter was really nice too and did a great job.  I recommend it if you're looking for a low key place to have a really decent meal for a good price.
2	we dined there on a recent friday night.  Our relatively simple order took about an hour.  There was never an explanation provided as to why the meals were taking so long.  ALSO, just outside the main door and among all of the outdoor dining tables were about 15 cigarette butts.  Not too appetizing.  clean it up!  and don't let your staff smoke in front of the door.   We enjoy the food, but it can't take an hour to prepare a salad and pork schnitzel.
4	Searching for a place near downtown Madison that was close to my hotel. Found a small place that was a cross between a coffee bar and a bistro that really took me by surprise. Great service, wonderfully prepared food. Orange Roughy with an orange salsa, mixed veggies, jasmine rice and roasted red pepper soup. Each individual flavor of each ingredient was identifiable. Not a single flavor was lost in the shuffle. Perfectly prepared and balanced meal and the perfect size serving of each. The roasted red pepper soup is not for the faint hearted. It will set your taste buds ablaze. If flavor and heat is to your liking this soup is what you want.  Don't miss this place.
4	My husband and I wanted to try a different restaurant from our usual suspects and had a coupon for 8 Seasons. We were a little surprised by the location--not bad, just not where you'd expect a restaurant. Parking is a little tricky, but we found a place on the street.We thought it would probably be an okay-but-not-stellar garden cafe. We were pleasantly surprised by a creative and varied menu with reasonable prices. The service (Kelly) was excellent and friendly. The chef (Nick) came out to ask about our preferences on preparation and if we would like linguine with our seafood scampi.Everything was great. The salads were served promptly and with an excellent house dressing (pistachio vinaigrette) Kelly recommended. The seafood scampi was delicious. The shrimp was a tiny bit tough--but I'll attribute that to the fact that we're in Wisconsin and not on the Gulf or the Cape. Even the inexpensive wine was quite good--and nice pours.We really loved this place and the people who run it--& will definitely be back. The only reason I'm not giving it the full 5 stars is the parking & the really-good-but-slightly-imperfect shrimp.
4	I live above 8 Seasons so I am a frequent patron.We usually come down on Saturday or Sunday for brunch.  The prices are very reasonable, and the food is delicious.  The only menu item that I must complain about are the hash browns.  When I order something like an omelet, I really want an accompanying dish.  The only thing that qualifies are the hash browns, so I repeatedly order them hoping that one day they will come out decent but every time they are burnt and BLAND.  I might be able to handle one of these negative qualities, but combined they make the dish hard to eat.  PLEASE do something to spice up your hash browns, and tell the cook that she needs to work on correct cooking times.Back to some positives - the blood orange mimosa is awesome (And pretty stiff).  The coffee is great.  I've only been to dinner 2 or 3 times.  It's much more expensive than the brunch, but everything that I've had has been delicious.  The pork schnitzel is fantastic, as are the bacon-wrapped scallops.  I also like that they switch the menu multiple times per year so there are constantly new dishes to try.The service is mostly good.  We usually have the same waitress every morning for brunch.  I have noticed that dinner tends to be slower (understandable), and during my last meal the waiter forgot to bring me my scallops, but other than that no complaints.  I'd definitely recommend 8 Seasons for anyone looking for a delicious, reasonably-priced meal that's off the well-beaten path.
1	There was nothing that this restaurant excelled in.  Unless you're looking for mediocrity.We dined here on a recent Sunday night.  Our server was nice... but nice isn't enough.  He knew nothing about the menu--he could only tell us what the best-sellers were, not why they were any good.  I also stated at the beginning that I had a food allergy, and while the server was responsive at first, my entree arrived with a big helping of that allergen on top.  The food itself was salty--I guess, if you want food to taste good, just add a lot of salt.  Both entrees were not as described on the menu.  And finally, on our final bill, one food item rang up for an incorrect price. A $10.25 cocktail was split into three line items, which just plain seemed strange.We won't be going back, as there are too many better dining choices in Madison.
4	Having been this place several times, it was always serving us good food and the service was pretty sweet. I love local food and this one is for sure one of those. The menu is neat and clean and the dish usually exceeds my expectation. The only thing they can do a better job probably is the coffee, huh...
3	This is a great place to eat if you live on the block and don't feel like cooking, because they will cook something you can and would make for yourself. Not to say the food is bad (in this scenario you are a perfectly decent cook) - it just isn't impressive or hard.Example: pasta primavera. Tasty! But not something you can't make in 20 minutes at home.They change their menu often, hence the name, so the neighborhood patrons won't get tired of the options.
1	Just tried to go have dinner.  Said they were closed @ 8:30.  There was only one couple in the dining room, but that's the nature of the business.  Change your hours if you do not want to stay open until 9.
4	We have really enjoyed 8 seasons in the four visits we have made. This Sunday we had brunch. My partner's Ratatouille was delicious. I had my doubts, being that it really isn't the season for eggplants and most ratatouille ingredients, but they Winterized it nicely making it more of a wintery stew with roasted carrots and depth of flavor. The American fries and Bloody Mary were rather ordinary but satisfied a craving.  I expected potatoes to be nicely seasoned wedges, but instead they seemed to be those pre-diced food service potatoes without much seasoning at all. Nothing special, but they helped potato cravings on a cold day, and sriracha hot sauce was available. Bloody Marys were made from an ordinary mix but was seasoned nicely by our waiter with horseradish. My Chilaquiles were awesome, but I knew that already (second time ordering them - nice comfort food).  We took a slice of carrot cheesecake home.  They always have tasty interesting dessert. Not a crazy huge brunch crowd or any wait for tables.. yet.  I hope more people discover this place. Also, each time we visit, they have the kindest staff who are always enjoying themselves, fun and welcoming.  Go.I regret not reviewing when we had dinner there a few weeks back.  Now I don't remember enough details, but it was an incredible meal.
4	I have eaten at 8 Seasons Grille 3-4 times and each time it has been great. I love that the menu changes so frequently, but unlike other places in Madison you can generally still find the full correct current menu on their website. They have a nice wine selection and we have found some of our favorite wines (like Apothic Winemaker's Red Blend) there. The food is also always great and inventive. Everything is fresh and delicious. We always order too much. One time they didn't have boxes and wrapped up my leftovers in foil. It worked out.The most recent time we went there, we had cocktails rather than wine for the first time. The mojitos were good, but I wanted a ginger basil one and they were out of it. The Espresso Silk (martini-ish) was amazing. I had it for dessert. The desserts are AMAZING. They are all homemade and they are my husbands favorite. He has raved to the owner about them multiple times. We have generaly used restaurant.com coupons when we've eaten at 8 Seasons. Without them, it is a bit pricey. But I am still surprised this place doesn't seem to be more popular. Try it, you'll like it!
3	Sometimes you just want someone else to cook you food you could have cooked yourself. Because hey, then you don't have to cook! If tonight is one of those nights, go here. If you are looking for a dining experience you cannot replicate in 45 minutes at your home, go elsewhere.
5	Fantastic cozy atmosphere. Our waiter was attentive and friendly. The food is out of this world. I would highly recommend the three mushroom pasta- to die for!
2	Oh, why do I keep coming back here? I know it's close, but it's really just not that good. I still think it tastes like food I can easily cook myself but I'm downgrading a star because the service is sooooo slow...At least when I'm cooking for myself I can clear my dishes as fast as I want. This place would be a great candidate for the TV show that pimps out sad, sorry places and makes them cool again.
4	The lobster pasta is fantastic and just the right amount of food.  I recommend going here.  Also all of their desserts are made from scratch.
4	After taking a couple months off this place due to my last experience, I decided to stop being an ass and go back.  I really like the owner, and the food is still good, so all is well in the world.  And it just felt wrong having a review of the day be updated to a one star.  =X
4	Had dinner with my friends tonight!We ordered soup, gnocchi and scallops and everything was excelent! Super cozy atmosphere and our waiter was really friendly!I liked that they had a big selection of different teas!
5	Fantastic brunch spot. Good coffee and great bloodies. Huevos rancheros are my favorite brunch dish here.Pro tip: Mother's Day. Mom will flip her...stuff.
4	I went to this place a few month ago and kept forgetting to write a review. Finally got around to it and was kind of surprised by their current score. Not that it's bad....I just expected it to be higher. Unless something drastic has happened in the past few months...My husband and I went here for an early dinner and we still talk about the meal we had. We shared a pork tenderloin dish that had a peppercorn sauce. It was definitely one of the top 5 dishes I have ever had in my life. I regularly check their menu because they change it 8 times per year (hence the name).Anxious to revisit it and see if the experience is still positive...if not, I'll update my score.
3	An update: the coffee here is TERRIBLE. Always. The espresso drinks have been fine (with sugar) but the coffee always has a sour and/or burnt taste to it. I mentioned it in my past review, but it really needs to be emphasized again, haha. We forgot about the coffee, and ordered it again to go last month. The waitress didn't give us a lot of room for milk, which is usually fine, but it was like drinking sour patch kid sludge for the ride (we were headed to House on the Rock for the day). And it cost us $5 for the two coffees! We tried one more time this morning, and even asked for a freshly brewed pot, but something was still off like the beans themselves are stale. Blech. All in all, my opinion of this place has morphed into the food is good so that keeps us coming back. I really hope they pay the female chef who works mornings/afternoons on the weekends VERY WELL. Service has always been spotty, coffee pretty much bad, and the menus need a lot of editing, but her cooking is always spot-on.Also, a last pro is that they seem to be expanding their vegetarian options which is quite nice. I also liked the new tapas options, though a few things looked vegetarian but weren't marked with a V, so I wasn't sure how much I could actually eat.
4	Solid place, somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but I'll round up. The food was good but not at the level of Madison's best. The waitress was nice and the chef got things out in good time considering he was working by himself. They were out of a few things and only one dessert, kind of a bummer. I think this place is a good back-up for when everywhere seems to have an hour wait on the weekends.
4	My wife and I had a quality dinner there and I had the Sweet Potato Gnocchi and she had the Moroccan Chicken.  Both Dishes were good and a unique combination of flavors.  My only critique was that my dish was a bit too sweet but it's to be expected with what I ordered.  We also had a graham cracker cake which was also good, but a little dry toward the crust.  Bottom line was that it was a quality meal and we will be back to see what they have when they change the menu (8 times a year)
2	I've come back a few times hoping the last visit had been a fluke but so far haven't had a great experience here. The food is average or below average. Didn't love the huevos rancheros, chilaquiles or breakfast sandwich. The jalepeno eggs Benedict that has been a special a few times is very good.  I find the portions to be pretty small for the price. The menu has also gotten smaller since I started going.Also, considering nobody is ever there, the service is pretty slow.
2	We gave this place a try for breakfast and dinner, and were disappointed both times. The breakfast experience was terrible- extremely slow service, ran out of coffee, food came out wrong, took 10 minutes to get hot sauce while over cooked eggs got cold. Food was way over priced, especially for dinner.
3	Food is usually a hit or miss. I've had an amazing chipotle sausage Benedict once but every other time  I ate there I was not impressed. They do have an amazing deal for brunch though $8 for unlimited mimosas
