1	My girlfriend took her 1995 Toyota Land Cruiser in to get the Valve Cover gasket replaced, and the shop said the vehicle was too high off the ground to work on the engine. So they removed the tires to lower the vehicle and then rested it on the brake rotors. My girlfriend almost had a heart attack when she saw that. Then they split the cold air intake tube and said for $200 they could replace it. We both have Toyota Land Cruisers and we will never return to this shop.
5	Recently took my Inifinti in for some pretty extensive repairs without wanting to get worked over at the dealership. First time I was there, but had a good recommendation from a close friend. The guys were friendly and wanted to show me where the repairs were needed while they recommended them. The prices were fair and I trusted their experience working on my "Japanese" car. They were also really accurate in regards to the time it would take them to complete the repairs and I was able to plan my time accordingly. The waiting area was kinda humorous though and you can see they'd rather spend money on equipment rather than furniture. Also, if you're a TV watcher, you're SOL cause the TV was on it's last leg while I was there.All in all I'm very satisfied with the way my car runs and the services performed. I'll be back (hopefully for only routine maint.)Oh and the 2 bad reviews they got were from customers that never took their cars to them, cause I made sure to ask.
4	Took my 300zx in to them because I thought I had a coolant leak in a really tricky place. They pressure tested the system, found I had no leaks in the system itself, my radiator cap was the issue. They got me a new one at a very fair rate. The service was very friendly and timely. They made some recommendations for additional repairs that my car needed. They simply provided the information without being pushy and were overall very helpful.
1	I recently had some car repairs performed at the shop "Gregs Japanese Auto" on Chandler boulevard in Chandler, Arizona.  I have to inform you that I was very unsatisfied with the work performed on my car and can not, in good conscience, recommend your shop to anyone.  Let me describe to you my experience.   I discovered a coolant leak that appeared to be coming from the back of the engine in my 1991 Nissan 300zx.  I attempted to discover where it was coming from, to no avail. I brought it to your shop to be pressure tested and diagnosed.   I received a call later that day saying that the system was holding pressure just fine and there was no leak. I explained to the technician that I knew there was a leak somewhere because I was constantly having to refill my radiator.  He came back and told me that he tested the system more, it was still holding pressure, however the radiator cap was not.  They replaced the cap, charging me for the cap and diagnosis then sent me on my way with a list of recommended repairs including a few small oil leaks, transmission pan leak, steering and suspension maintenance.  I kept this list for my reference.   At this point, I was very satisfied with the service received, so when my clutch pedal dropped to the floorboard later that week I did not think twice about bringing my car in to your shop for repairs. I trusted the diagnosis that the master and slave cylinders for the hydraulic system for the clutch were leaking. While the repair was being preformed, I received a call to tell me that my water pump was leaking and I was loosing coolant.   I questioned how this could be and why the shop didn't catch it when I brought it in for that exact problem mere days before.  He gave me the excuse that it only leaks when its cold, they pressure tested it after it had warmed up and the seals were swollen and therefore held pressure.  This was very careless on on the shops part. The original reason I brought this vehicle in and the original service I paid for was a diagnosis of the engine cooling system. This service was not accurately or appropriately performed or provided.  Secondly, a mere few days after receiving the car back from the shop after the clutch hydraulic system repair, the clutch began slipping. Now, while it is true that the clutch is a maintenance part that gradually wears out and needs to be replaced, this process can be accelerated by an improper adjustment of the hydraulic system that controls the clutch and I find it far too coincidental that as soon as I had the cylinders replaced and adjusted by your shop, the clutch decided to give out.  I brought this to the technician, and asked him to check the adjustment and inspect the car.  He called me out into the shop to "show" me that the hydraulic system was operating properly. What he showed me was that the master cylinder does move when the pedal is depressed.  This information was useless to me and does not prove that it was adjusted properly. He then proceeded to lie to me, telling me that he listed the clutch slipping on the original recommended work list.  I disagreed with him, as I had read the recommended work list that had been given to me and knew it was not on there.  He continued to argue with me, heading back into the office to pull up the document in your computer system, so much for the "customer is always right" attitude your shop advertises.   When he pulled it up in the system, and realized I was correct, he did not apologize for his rude and inconsiderate behavior.  The manager (Phil ) merely pushed him out the back door and explained that there was nothing they would do for me because the clutch is a wear and replace part.  This is unacceptable and I regret to inform you that I will be filing a complaint with the better business bureau and making sure that my friends and the online community are aware of the poor workmanship and service provided by Gregs Japanese Automotive.
1	Terrible. I just went in for a quick oil change and check. Left with an overfilled oil pan that started to cause my engine to smoke. It didn't smoke in all the years I had done my oil changing. But the week after I took it in to these clowns it starts smoking on startup. I went back to complain but all they did was replace the oil again, right up to the top fill mark, they said, then added some oil additive to top it off.  The engine smoked off and on at startup for the next few years.  I've never been back.
5	Wonderful experience here! These guys are extremely friendly and honest. I brought my Nissan Murano in for a fuel level sensor that had gone out and caused me headaches for months trying to find someone who would install the part I had already purchased directly through the manufacturer myself. These guys did it for me no problem and for under what most others quoted me for labor. They were super easy to work with and made me feel comfortable with their integral and honest way of business! Did not try to sell me on any unnecessary work (like most places I've gone), they knew what I wanted done and took care of it.  My car was in and out in half a day and the job was done right. I wish I had known about them sooner. They will definitely have my business for all future work I may need on my vehicles and I feel comfortable recommending them to anyone!
5	I had heard about Greg's at work and seen their shuttle dropping off a co-worker. Based on good recommendations from them we took our 98 Saturn there with a cold start problem. It was intermittent which is one of the most difficult problem types to determine a true root-cause. They kept the car 3 days while it refused to present the cold start fail again. But with persistence they nailed it. Our 16 year old car now starts like new. Could not be happier with this experience. Really feel like we got good value too compared to what a dealership might have done. Some shops could have shotgunned parts at our problem statement costing us a lot more, and maybe not fixing the root-cause problem. Earned a new loyal customer with this experience. Thanks to Dustin and the crew at Greg's!!!
