1	First and last time I'll do business with them. The pizza I ordered was barely warm, but I was hungry so I threw a few slices in the microwave. When I called to complain, I was put on hold for several minutes and told that the deliveryman had seen it come out of the oven with his own eyes.This didn't change the fact, I told them, that it wasn't hot and, in fact, the cheese wasn't melted at all.Later that night, I got the bad news that something else was wrong - I had food poisoning. When I told them yesterday what had happened, they were something less than sympathetic.If you value your health, stay away from Lucci's Pizza and Pasta.
4	I've tried all of the pizza joints around squirrel hill, and I think Lucci's is my favorite.  I usually just drop in for two slices for dinner.  Their slices are much larger than the other places and are very tasty.  I think Mineo's might beat them slightly in the taste dept, but for all around pizza joint, I pick Lucci's.  It's less crowded too and a good deal.
4	Lucci's is my fave PGH pizza - the crust is chewy and delicious.  If you've never been, you really ought to give it a try.  It's a fairly thin crust in the middle, but the edges are thicker and more toothsome.   My only reason for not giving a higher score is that their staff aren't overly friendly.
3	The pizza is pretty good, and the prices are decent. I've ordered from them several times. However, the pizza never seems to be cooked fully through, it's always thin and doughy in the middle.
4	I was starving when we got to this place in Squirrel Hill so we started with the fried zucchini. I highly recommend it - generous-sized portions with marinara sauce on the side. The drinks are from the coolers (no fountain drinks, which kind of bothers me sometimes, I like fountainy things with pizza) but the food is not terribly expensive. We went with the white pizza and it was perfect, cheesy and melty and garlicky.
5	I've come here twice now - both times I've been treated to some solid chewy (in the good way) pizza with a swell sauce. The place is well lit and clean, so eating in isn't nearly as awkward as it is at some of the other local pizza joints. And the price was right, $5 for 2 decently sized cheese slices (but a caveat: I'm here from Boston, and haven't totally adjusted to Pittsburgh pricing yet.) I was going to give them 4 stars, but honestly, I racked my brain and couldn't think of a single complaint about the place. So I gave them 5 stars for that, and having a sale on Sam Adam's Octoberfest this week.
4	The best pizza I've had in 19 years of living in Pittsburgh.  Heads and shoulders above the other more well-known shops on Murray ave.  The pizza is delicious, the salads are fresh.  The marinara sauce has a great kick to it.The service? Terrific.  The staff is warm and friendly.  Yea, I'd like fountain drinks, too, but it's a small price to pay.My only complaint?  We were there on Friday night when it was frigid-ass cold out, and the draft from the front door was bone-chilling.  We moved to the side near the front to be out the way, but then the chill through the windows hit us.  Lucci's:  Invest in a second door!Even with the cold, it's our new favorite pizza joint.
1	I just tried to order a pizza from Lucci's, and was unpleasantly surprised by the price being significantly higher than their menu ($18+ instead of $13). In addition to there being a 'misprinted price' they wouldn't honor, they tack on several bucks for delivery and make no mention of it on their menu. I wish this review could be about their food, but they lost a customer with these shady business practices before I even got to that point!
4	I'm not from PGH, but I was recently in Pittsburgh for a few days, and I went to Lucci's twice in a row! Really great pizza (and this is coming from a serious pizza fan who has sampled pies from around the world.) Not greasy, great crust - not too thick or thin, and a nice balance of cheese and sauce. Plus, you can get six packs to go, and on a Sunday to boot. Staff was pretty friendly and helpful, and made sure to give me lots of red pepper in a small takeaway container when I asked for it.Overall, I say this is a darn good pizza joint, and I will be back on future trips to Squirrel Hill.
2	This pizza place definitely has some things to offer. I wouldn't necessarily choose it over the other Murray Ave options on a regular basis, but it has its virtues.I had a pizza with onion and green peppers and a Caesar salad. The salad was great with fresh garlic croutons. Definitely a plus.The pizza had tasty, non-sweet sauce and nice poofy crust (which was, however, sweeter than I like my crust to be). The onion topping was great, but the "green pepper" was a mix of green and red, and I think they were either roasted or slightly pickled. Not my favorite thing. The pizza was good in the shop but a little underdone and thus slightly runny--the leftovers that I rebaked in the oven the next day were better.I liked the sauce better than Aiello's, and I appreciated the good selection of six packs, but in general I think Aiello's wins out for better cheese/crust/baking time. However, Aiello's leftovers get too done in the oven, so it depends on what you're after. I will probably return when specific conditions align.
4	The boy and I picked up a pizza from Lucci's last Friday, after a long week of work/school.  It's the closest pizza place to our apartment, so we gave them a call even though the decor and signage imply that the pizza is going to be pretty average.  It's not a pizza shop where you walk by and think "Wow!  that looks like it will be delicious, handmade pizza" - you see the neon sign and think "Meh....it's probably just cheap college student pizza."So we were pretty surprised when we got our pizza home and discovered how tasty it was. It had been so cheap ($11 for a 16-inch) that we didn't expect it to be so delightful.  It was definitely no-frills - no really unique twists or artisan toppings - but the flavor somehow encompassed everything I like about pizza.  The slices tasted familiar; the way the sauce and cheese and pepperoni tasted together reminded me of delicious pizzas I've had in childhood.  It almost tastes nostalgic.  That explanation really doesn't make a lot of sense, but that's how it tasted to me.We ate almost all of it, and reheated the rest the next day - still delicious!  We still haven't ordered from the more expensive shops down the street, and I'm sure we will one day, but it's nice to know that we don't need to pay a lot of money or go a long distance to get such a nice, classic pizza.
5	Good pizza, delivery, can pick up a 6 pack and save a trip to the nearest beer and pop emporium, and they gave me a luccis/steelers schedule magnet to boot!
3	I am a bit confuzo, since when I read my last review (written but a month ago!) I go on and on about the deliciousness of our pizza....yet when we got some last Saturday night, we were both a bit more underwhelmed.The pizza wasn't too different - tasted a little less fresh and delicious for some reason - but it was really the wings that bummed us out.  We got a dozen hot wings, and we were both displeased.  They had a soggy texture, mealy on the outside (maybe from the soaked breading?) that just wasn't appealing.  It may just be our preference for unbreaded wings, but we were disappointed by them.  Threw the last one or two away instead of saving them for later, since we just weren't really interested in eating them again!I'm sure we'll get the pizza again since it's right by our apartment, but definitely no more wings.
4	There are so many pizza places to choose from in Squirrel Hill and although I have only tried 3 different places, this is by far my favorite. If you get a pie for take out I recommend putting it in the oven for an extra 7 mins., that's if you like your crust crispy because my only complaint is that the crust is too chewy for my taste.
5	Lucci's does the best gluten-free pizza I've ever tasted.  It is indistinguishable from a "regular" wheat-based pizza.  I doubt many people could tell the difference.  Great staff and service too.  I LOVE LUCCI'S
2	I've ordered their pizza based on yelpers' review... Meh... I didn't want it after a bite.
1	We have had 2 bad experiences with Lucci's.  The first time we went in to buy a six pack, and we had to wait for at least 10 minutes to check out when there was no one in the restaurant.  The second bad experience was when we tried to order delivery from them.  It was 9:00, and their menu said they were open until 10.  We live about 3 minutes driving time away.  They wouldn't deliver.  The lady stated that they stopped delivering at 9 after asking where we were located.  The menu by no means states that.  I would figure that an hour would be plenty of time to make a calzone and a salad... Needless to say, they will never receive our business again.
3	Lucci's is a pretty straightforward place, so I'm giving it a pretty straightforward review:-Good pizza-Good toppings-Good prices-Food took surprisingly long to make (especially since it wasn't very crowded)-Hoagies were bland and mostly breadI'll probably come back for the pizza (it was quite good with sausage).  I doubt I'll come back for anything else.
3	Just ate here for the first time with my brother and his gf.  I'm new to the area so I will try just about any place once. We had the deep dish with half pineapple/pepperoni). Aside from the crust being a little greasy (which it usually most times for deep dish) the pizza was very good. Sauce was a nice sweet thick but not too thick consistency and the dough was fluffy and not heavy at all like you would see with Pizza Hut's terrible deep dishes. I'd go back again to try their regular pies and dishes. Eating area was clean and large with two TVs (thankfully not too loud that i couldn't have a conversation) and a generous selection of beers and non-alcoholic drinks. Prices weren't bad either, large deep dish with the two toppings was $12.
5	Love their gluten-free pizza!  This place is a godsend for those of us with gluten-issues.  Crust comes from the Gluutenay bakery, so you know it's right.  They are careful to use a separate cutter for the gf pizza.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!
1	Yes, sometimes driver's get lost, sometimes pizza places screw up, sometimes (i guess) it takes 2 hours to deliver a pizza within a 1/2 mile radius WITHOUT ever apologizing unless badged by the customer. Always nice to get attitude over the phone for their screw ups and a ton of attitude from the driver. Was the pizza any good? Not that good. Avoid.
1	Avoid. Summery : Everyday comfort 3 star food w negative infinity service.I like their wings but I am horrified of their woman manager who gave me a ridiculous attitude for calling twice within an hour and half, for not having my pizza delivered (she said "Didn't I tell you we might run behind a little?!?!?") And i just LOLed when they forgot my coke and ranch when they finally came. Again, avoid.Order from little nippers or papa davinci whose owners are super nice w better food (They do deliver to squirrel hill). Much better pizza and much better customer service who at least know how to appreciate their customers.
3	We came here because it was the only place in Squirrel Hill (that I could find) that advertises gluten free pizza. My 8 yr old daughter had that (plain cheese) and the rest of us had regular pizza. As other reviews have said, the woman at the counter has a really brusque manner. I decided, after a few interactions, that she was basically friendly, but she comes across as harried at best. The only significant negative is that our pizza seemed to take forever. It was 5:30 on a Tuesday and we probably waited 20 minutes. When it did come, it was good. The GF crust (from Gluuteny, across the street) was probably the best I've ever tasted, and my daughter gobbled it up. The regular crust was good too, though a bit softer in the middle than I like it (but I like soft chewy edges, which it had, and it's tough to get those and crispy in the middle too). Toppings were generous, although the ham (though it looked like ham) mysteriously tasted more like sausage.A little card on the table advertises a few beers on tap, but they had none. The paltry selection available in cans were all of the Bud/ Coors Light ilk. Not that I expect a microbrewery in every pizza joint, but something like Sam Adams would have been nice. Maybe they were awaiting a shipment, since the case was nearly empty. Verdict: for gluten free I would go here again. But otherwise, unless they can speed up the service, I'll stick with Mineos.
1	Terrible! I was busy with work so I ordered delivery via GrubHub to save time. The pizza took two hours to get to me, cost $18 for a small and a drink, and it was cold! I almost had to leave the office for a meeting before it arrived since it took so long. I will never order from this place again. The delivery guy was very nice and said he was new. He was possibly the only good part of this transaction.
4	Good pizza. You might want to go before 9:30 since all the pizza had run out and we got the last one.
4	Gluten Free pizza!!!!! You can do traditional red sauce, or a specialty. Last week I ordered a white pizza with tomatoes and it was great. The crusts are made by Gluuteny, a near-by gluten free and dairy free bakery. Lucci's delivers all the way to Regent Square also! I wouldn't recommend this for those with Celiac's because of potential cross contamination, but those with an intolerance it's exceptional. Yes, it's just pizza, but after years of missing out on greasy pizza, this is just great!
1	I don't know if they accidentally gave us the gluten-free dough, or what, but the dough/crust had no flavor. None at all. It was like eating cardboard. Did they just forget to add salt to that batch of dough? The bland sauce and toppings didn't help either.I'm sorry, Lucci's: I hope not all your dough is like this, but I am not likely to return.
4	I always love it! great pizza and delivery. I especially like their white pizza and then you get two 20 oz. pet bottles of any drink for $2 only!
