5	Great italian food.  My favorite was the half cannelloni, half manicotti plate with red sauce and a splash of alfredo.  Not on the menu, yes I was that difficult.  Great rustic setting too.
3	Great, especially for outdoor dining when it is warm out.  They have a cute little courtyard.  The food is always good, but nothing extraordinary.  I would chose Porta Bella over it any day, but I still have a special place in my heart for it. 3 stars.
5	Their spicy cheese pizza must be had!
4	Paisan's has moved to a new location. 131 West Wilson - close to the Monona Terrace. I will miss the old location, but this new one is quite great too. Great view of the lake - bigger and better outside patio - plus they now have a bar as well. Very similar atmosphere as the old place and same great food. Parking underneath the building as well - which is great.
2	I love pizza but was really disappointed with this place.  We ordered the combination Deluxe pizza w/Italian sausage, mushrooms, mozzarella and hot peppers.  The pizza was pretty bland and tasteless and the hot peppers turned out to be pepperoncini peppers (the yellow sweet/tangy peppers) not hot at all.  And what's with "Taco Pizza"?  I saw this on their menu and was completely puzzled and a little grossed out.  Why this combination when there are so many other worthwhile combos??  I've been told it's a mid-western thing.  Mid-western or not, it's just wrong.
4	I've eaten here more times than I can count.  The atmosphere can be romantical and it's also great for groups.   I absolutely adore are the cannelloni (kind of like manicotti) which you can get with half red sauce and half white sauce.  Also the spicy cheese bread must be had.  I am a huge fan of the vegetable salad with the yogurt basil dressing, although most of my dining companions swear by the porta salad and the Garibaldi sandwich.  As for the pizza I have had some good and bad experiences depending on what was ordered, and I usually avoid it, because I already have my favorites.  A note to the foodies, this is not authentic Italian cuisine, the entrees are mostly reminiscent of an era 30-40 years ago.  They're still fabulous. For dessert try the chocolate chip cannolis, yeah not very Italian but they are still very scrumptious.
2	Blah -- overpriced and bland selection of entries that may upset your stomach, which was enveloped with slow service...My wife and I recently  went out to dinner at Paisan's. It is conveniently located near the Monona Terrace and features an attractive combination of traditional charm with magnificent lake views (outdoor seating).We ordered the seafood tetrazzini and lasagna. For $14, you get bread and soup or salad and a cheese-spiked rip off. On their menu, they indicated that there would be more than shrimp shrapnel, but that is what we were left with (outside a legion of underwhelming whitefish and cheap scallop pieces). The flavor was bland and unappealing. There was just a mantle of broiled cheese applied so thick, it was a mozzy disaster. Sadly, I had 15 times the shrimp and flavor from the Lean Cuisine I had for lunch. Their lasagna was nearly as poor. It was drowned in sauce. When spending time to shovel through the sauce to get to the chunk of lasagna, it was poorly seasoned meat, pasta and cheese concoction. Since I only sampled the tetrazzini, this is what I believe that made for a foul stomach a couple hours later.The food would have been sent back, but their overall quality and a Hell's Kitchen waiting time (over an hour) resigned me to the fact that more precious time should not be wasted for marginal improvement. What bothers me is that this joint is getting business left and right by folks led to believe that this eatery serves supreme Italian when you are getting slop. I did not try their self-heralded pizza. They use cheap, low quality ingredients ... they tried to hide it in their entrees, but it would be as obvious with their pies (based on sight and review of their menu). Paisan's is basing their experience on location, smartly orchestrated ambiance and those ignorant of quality Italian food. Take your cash to a restaurant that gives a damn and visit the beach independent of this made-up dive.
4	Dude, my parents went here in college when they went to UW, and now I go here when I visit my Aunt & Uncle who live in Stoughton.  Great old-pizza-joint environment with plastic, faceted beer pitchers and college-kid service.  Oh, and the pizza's pretty good too.
2	Grade: D+I'm not sure how this place has been in business so long. Maybe people in Madison just like bad Italian food.
4	This place is a favorite secret indulgence for me but only if I stay to my scheduled routine: patio seating, capital tap beer, porta salad, garibaldi sandwich.  Everything else on the menu is not as good and better purchased at Delitalia, where its cheaper and you have the freedom to go home and eat it while watching Dexter on the couch.  Seriously, people.
3	With a recent move from the now defunct University Square, Paisan's boasts an excellent terrace overlooking Lake Monona.  The interior keeps the dark intimate booths from the old location with a nice expanded bar.  As far as the food, the porta salad is pretty top notch.  However, the rest of the dishes are merely average.  The sauces are either too bland or too rich and the pizza, while adequate, isn't anything to write home about.
3	i have mixed thoughts on this place.i liked the handmade pasta.  in fact, i loved the handmade pasta.  i'm kind of picky about my pasta.  it's a change of pace from the boxed variety that you have every day and is so easy to come by.however, there wasn't much variety on the number of sauces to pick from.  i ended up getting the meat sauce -- which, although i enjoyed it, had some sort of overpowering flavor that i just can't put my finger on.  my sig o had rotini noodles with alfredo sauce (the only non-tomato based sauce) and mushrooms.  while heavy on the mushrooms (yay for him!), he said he felt like he could've made it at home.the view i think would've been nice at sunset or during the day, but seeing as it was winter and the sun set before 6, we did not get to enjoy it.  instead, we viewed only the sad flowers killed by cold weather.the waitress was very attentive and nice.  she was very pleasant and helpful when we had questions and even though she dropped our cheesy bread (which was, mmmm! delicious straight out of the oven!), she brought us a second one lickity-split!the special on monday is the handmade pasta so we got a good deal for our food.  plus, for just a couple dollars extra it can be all-you-can-eat which would be a stellar deal if you can eat a lot.i'm giving it three stars:1 for handmade pasta (mmm!)1 for attentive and pleasant service, and1 for the delicious cheesy-bread and the fact that i thought my food was goodit doesn't get the last two stars 'cuz the menu wasn't super varietive (not a word..sorry) and we didn't get to see the view.
4	Paisan's was a surprise to me. I had no idea it existed, but it seems I may be one of the only people to know so. It was busy, not crowded at all, but not desolate either. The atmosphere was very nice. Friendly staff and not too bright lighting. The seating that we had (booth) was a little uncomfortable and the only reason I am not giving it a 5-star. It seemed like the booths were really far from the table so you had to sit at the edge of your seat.Prices were very reasonable. We hit up the dinner special of homemade pasta which I believe came in at about 6.50 and for 2 or 3 dollars more, it would have been all you can eat. The single portion I had was enough to fill me up and I typically eat quite a bit.As for the food, I had a mushroom alfredo sauce over rotini. It was delicious. There were many (almost too many, but just almost) mushrooms, but since I like them a lot, it worked.  I also ordered the spicy cheese bread as an appetizer which was very good, but tasted bland after it got cold. They had a decent beer selection, I had spotted cow, which is always good.
2	Bland, bland, bland. And greasy.
3	Paisan's exterior, overlooking Lake Monona, may look romantic. But do not be fooled, dear readers. The interior lacks charm, and has sort of a generic, hotel-ish quality, besides maybe the cool, pine wood shelving that enables those at the bar to tell exactly what the offerings of alcohol are. This is a nice, clear lay-out as opposed to the standard clustering of bottles.   However, I was a-okay with the food. It's good, stick to your ribs type of stuff. I had the beef noodle soup and it was perfect to warm me up on a winter day. I also enjoyed the spinach fettucini with chicken tettrazini in a light, yet not doused white cheese sauce. The college-aged guy that served us was pleasant and attentive enough.One thing that could be improved though definitely are the plates. They reminded me of, like, old-school airplane ones with the silver lining. A little bit of the pasta was also burnt and crunchy...like cooked too much in an oven or something? I would return because in comparison to the other Madison offerings, it's a little better than average. It's more like three and a half stars.
4	If they hadn't changed their location, it was a sure-shot 5 stars! The old location inside University Square mall was just awesome. The food was unbelievably tasty and cheap! The food's still good, but the price is slightly higher now, given the nicer location. I'd give it a try if I'm in the vicinity.
3	The food was less-great than anticipated.  It was not bad by any stretch of the imagination, but I expected better.  The pitcher of sangria, though?  Awesome.  Truly excellent.The little wood booths were cute and gave the impression of being secluded, which was nice for a date night.  :)
4	Tasty food at an affordable price.  While the University Square location was pretty key, the new location has great views of Lake Mendota.  Capital beer on tap and good sangria.
2	The bar was okay (satisfactory drink menu), but the dining room made me feel like I was in a coffin.  I had a pizza and a salad, both of which did the job in satiating my hunger, but neither of which I'd write home about.  In fact, I don't think I'd take my parents here, and they love mediocre dining.  I won't be back.
2	I'm sad to say Paisan's seems to have gone downhill since it moved.  The old location in the now-destroyed University Square was cozy with a weird romantic charm; I have a lot of nice date memories of that place.  The new restaurant is pretty bland inside, and the pasta was horribly overcooked the one time we went.  Too bad.
3	Big bummer when they moved from the incredibly unique and fun University Square location.  Since then, I've never been able to get a spot overlooking Lake Monona, so I can't comment on how that would add to the experience.  But wow- I hope it adds something because the food is so marginal. Order a standard meal- fettucini alfredo, MAYBE- or pizza, otherwise be prepared to be overloaded with grease and cheese.  I ordered the manacotti once and it was, quite literally, half a block of mozzarella cheese inside three pasta tubes, covered with the other half of the block of cheese....Just don't be adventurous and I'm sure you'll be fine.  For everything else, go to Portabella.Revision: I just discovered the biggest draw possible for this place- incredible, yet hidden, happy hour! 4-7pm, Monday thru Friday, $2 rails, $3 Long Islands (so big, so strong), $1 fries, $2 onion rings, $3 jalapeno poppers, AND outdoor seating that is always available.  The atmosphere is stuffy and a bit sterile, but for a deal like that it shouldn't even matter.
2	The location is pretty sweet with some nice views of lake Monona. The interior is nostalgic w/ lots of wood, but not great.The food is where they fall short. The menu is really boring: the appetizer selection is sparse and the pizza list is disappointing. I would put some time into that if I ran the place. The pizza was okay- fairly generic; nothing to write home about.I have to say the tiramisu was pretty good. And they charge $.10 for andes mints! The nerve...Update: (drinks and more)(1) Word has it they have a $1 happy hour from 4-6 M-Th. I might have to move in.(2) Drank there and they were pretty good - nothing to write home about, but don't shy away if you are in the area.(3) Also, I got to meet the owner - nice guy, but he insists the menu is in good shape. I guess it gets packed during UW games- so I could be wrong.
5	This restaurant has been in Madison for decades, but I have only enjoyed it for a few years now. The GARIBALDI is the sandwich that put this place on the map. I suggest getting it with a mix of sweet and hot peppers. But all the food there is excellent.
4	My favorite pizza in madison when done right.  I ate here after  a couple of tough interviews and one long flight and I don't think anything is more healing than a super hot pizza, a pitcher of moose drool, and great company.
5	I've never had a meal at Paisans, the 5 stars are for Happy Hour only. The only food I've actually tried were the 1$ Happy Hour Fries, though they were tasty.1$ Gin and Tonics. I heard that and was in heaven.
3	The first impression you get when you walk into Paisan's is how well-done the restaurant itself is. Paisan's is huge, and is full of hardwood floors and walls, private walled-in booths, and tables with lake views. There's an outdoor patio and a bar that are nearly unrivaled in beauty by any other Madison restaurant.All the over-the-top fanciness lead me to believe I was going to be paying far more than I could afford for a meal here when I walked in. But I was pleasantly surprised to find that even the most expensive meal here would only run you somewhere in the range of $20 per person.After deliberating over a menu comprised of your standard Italian fare, I decided to have the manicotti with cheese sauce. When this plate was brought out to me, I wasn't expecting much. The dish was much smaller than usual, and the masses of cheese didn't look like they were going to get along too well with my stomach. But as soon as I took my first bite, I realized my eyes were completely deceiving me.For one, the dish was the perfect size because all that cheese and pasta is extremely filling. And every bite was extremely flavorful, thanks to the quality and variety of cheeses they chose to put into the dish. Normally putting this much cheese on one dish results in a plain blob of cheese with no real taste, whereas with this I was able to taste the many different flavors of cheese swirling around together to form a very harmonious dish. Paisan's really lived up to the expectations of Wisconsin cheese in this regard.I was very fortunate to ask for the cheese sauce on top rather than the marinara, however. I ordered a side of marinara for dipping the manicotti into, and was horrified at how bitter and spice-less it tasted. Had that marinara been covering my dish rather than the melted cheese, the whole thing would have been inedible.We also ordered an expensive mixed drink called "Purple Haze," which actually tasted like it was worth what it cost. It was a perfect ratio of alcohol to mixers that allows it to give a strong kick when you  first taste it, without being overpowering after that. The drink ended with a sweet and refreshing aftertaste of fresh pineapple. I get the impression that depending on what you order, the food here will either amaze or disgust you. I was very satisfied with what I got. And above all that, Paisan's atmosphere makes it an excellent place to take a date or family for a fancy and affordable dinner.
3	I've lived absurdly close to this place for awhile now. I finally tried it and everything was passable. Good, solid Italian food. No gnocchi, which was kind of a downer, but no complaints or rave reviews here. They have really reasonably-priced fixed-price lunch/dinner options, too. And the wait staff were good. The view of Monona on their terrace thing is really spectacular. If you can get a seat there (or in the indoor sunroom with all the windows), you're in for a long stare at a really nice view. Nothing about this place stands out as suuuuuper spectacular, but it's good, tasty, well-priced Italian food. Apparently they have good happy hour deals but I wouldn't know.
5	I have only had the porta salad and the pizza and both are amazing.Thank you Paisan's for thin crust pizza with corn meal crust.  I am imagining of Santarpios in Boston-it is that good.I don't like a lot of stuff on my pizza, just a good crust, sauce and cheese and for that Paisan's gets an A for me.Wisconsinites likes to pile everything on their pizzas.  The real test of a great pizza to get a cheese pizza and still love it.Really  really good.  I will be back again and again.
3	My wife love this place, it has been around for ever. Even though it has moved a couple of times since the 70's. I find the food over all to be cheap knockoff of Italian food but the true bright spot is the Shrimp pizza and their porta salads. If I rated this just on those two items it would be a 5 star rating. If you stray to other Italian fair I would give it a 2 star.
2	went to eat here w/ my date for the night. we weren't looking for anything fancy nor were we looking for any chain restaurant. Italian food sounded good and the short walk from our hotel sounded even better. a few feet away from the restaurant you could smell the food and it smelled AMAZING! so we thought we made the RIGHT decision to come here. not so muchwe were seated right away and the service was mediocre, we probably should have waited for lake view seating. someone described the booths as hotel like and i gotta agree with that. very cold and uninviting area we sat in. all wood like we were in someone's basement. then we ordered the food. i don't remember the name of what i ordered but it was like an italian enchilada. it was ok. nothing to brag about. my date had some seafood pasta concoction. it actually said on the menu it was made with imitation crab. . . .  .IMITATION CRAB!!?? i mean, i love truth in advertising but i was a little surprised to see that they'd use imitation crab. she said it tasted like crab but still. shock factor 10. overall i'd say you could probably find a better italian restaurant to go to. their pizzas look like they get alot of praise and maybe i'll do that next time i'm in town but honestly, if you can't make a good pizza, you might want to stay out of the restaurant biz.
5	I was introduced to Paisan's when I was doing jury duty (it is close to the courthouse) and enjoyed it.  The ambiance is great, especially in the summertime.  They have a huge patio for dining alfresco right on the lake.  It also has a cozy feel inside with unique, private booths.  I usually get pizza here and always enjoy it.
1	I've eaten here twice and the 2nd time was to please others who wanted to come.  I'd bestow a straight up 1 star review but I can't be that mean spirited when the place isn't malicious....no actually I can and must be true!!Paisan's is almost country club-like in that it feels sorta like the people there know you and country club-like in that the food is really really really lackluster--like the reason you're there is to relax not have a good meal.  The pizzas are tolerable--but there's no reason to eat mediocre pizza when you can find it within a mile in any direction sans heading into Lake Monona.  And the pastas taste microwaved and mushy.  That someone wrote they are homemade on here I find shocking.  The sauce too isn't hearty and herbal like an Italian sauce seemingly might be. "Allegedly" the food used to be better which sounds to me like distorted memories fond of the lake view.  Skip this place at all costs, walk over to Ian's or Gino's than go look out on the Terrace on your own.
2	The best thing about Paisan's was our waitress, she was fantastic and salvaged a little bit of enjoyment out of the meal for me.  The two main parts of my dinner failed, the pasta and the cheese.  Call me crazy but a place called Paisan's that is located in Wisconsin should have gotten this right...it's like going to Florida and getting a concentrate orange juice.  The ravioli was overcooked, a lot.  The cheese on top of the overcooked ravioli was greasy and heavy.  I won't return.
2	We went here for happy hour last night. The drinks were cheap ($2 for a stein, and $3.50 for a strong Long Island), and because we got there right before the end of happy hour, they let us pre-order our second round for later. The bar has a cool set-up.I agree with other reviews -- the food is not good. Really unexceptional.I'd go here just for drinks.
4	I felt like Bobby De Niro when I visited this place for dinner.  There was a 20 minute wait for a table "with a view" so I went to the bar.  Wow.  The bar is a cool round shape with half circle booths around the side.  A large picture window warps the place and behind the bar are several rows of bottles.  Kept waiting for Joe Peschi to walk in and say, "Hey Spider, how bout a Cutty and water"About the time my drink showed up, I was seated in the dining area.  "With a view" means you get a table the overlooks the lake.  Really nice.  Josh, my waiter, personable, and attentive.  He did his job well and kept the drinks flowin'.  The menu choices are vast, plenty of Italian staples, sandwiches and pizza.  The food smelled awesome, and won't cost you a "Goodfellas" take.  15 bucks on the average will buy you meal large enough for Fat Tony.I ordered a Gambaldi (sp??) sandwich.  Wow!  I felt like a made man when it came.  Piled higher than the leaning tower of Piza w/ meat, awesome tasting bread and cheese that made my "mout watta"The pizza smelled dam good.  Next time.What sucked here was the cleanliness of the place.  The floors were dirty w/ spent napkins, crumbs and straw wrappers.  The mirror at the back of the restaurant looked like Ray Charles cleaned it.  More streaked than Ray Stevens.  The bathroom was nasty.  Garbage was overflowing the can, no paper towels.  The food was great.  I'll be back for a slice in the future!
1	Quite possibly the worst Italian I've ever eaten.Climb into your wayback machine and this place pops up.  Dark pleather booths and clunky captains chairs, plastic water tumblers and cheap flatware... you get the idea.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good dive, but this was upscale downscale dining at its Italian worst.The menu is OK if you're 300 lbs and haven't left 1972 (or you are 5), but if you have graduated from iceberg lettuce salads with baby croutons and white opaque dressing, and your idea of pizza involves cheese with a name other than "cheese," steer clear.  Even the pasta was bad.  My 7 year old took a bite and said, "mom, this tastes like oatmeal a little" (referring to the mushy noodles)"We won't be back, but I have to give proper credit to the young UW server who took one look at us and steered us toward the more palatable items on the menu.  We left a lot of food behind but a big tip.
4	I love this place.  I've been going to Paisan's since i was about 10 years old.  The best is a Porta Salad and then going on to the Bella Pizza with onion's!  BEST PIZZA I've ever had!
1	There is no way I'd ever spend my money on this place again.  Paisan's is still making it's business off the reputation at it's previous location in downtown Madison.  The food, from what I hear, used to be really good.  Now the food is inedible and the service is well below average.  The only thing saving this place is the atmosphere and the location.  The bar and lounge area have a very unique view of Monona, and a rustic feel of an Old Italian bistro from the 40's or 50's.It's a shame then, that the food and service don't live up to what could be a phenomenal restaurant.  I went with a party of 12 and the food and service we received was abyssmal.  Drink orders weren't taken until we'd been sitting for quite some time.  The shrimp corn chowder was flavorless and bland and the ravioli I ordered was served cold.  When I asked for it to be reheated, you could tell it had been done in a microwave as it returned in about 2 minutes with scalding hot marinara and the ravioli still undercooked.  Others in my party ordered Pizza (which is what Paisan's is known for).  The pizza was worse than what you'd find in a grade school cafeteria.  The sauce was clearly from a can and the cheese tasted like it was Industrial grade meant for military consumption only.  The only redeeming quality was the dough was clearly hand made and had a good crust and chew.It's so unfortunate that a place like this could be so terrible.  Some modifications to the menu preparation and the wait staff and I would love this to become a regular place in my restaurant rotation.Unfortunately it's just going to have to go down as one of the worst places in Madison.
1	Paisan's has basically gone into the toilet.   Sad but true.   They have a nice location now (arguably better than the old one) and the interior is rather pleasant.   But I still miss the darker setting and the booths.   Wonderful times and memories from back then.   But the food has gone downhill.   Not sure how it can go this bad but it has.   A while back went there and a party with us ordered ravioli since he hadn't had it in a long time and it was inedible.  He said nothing at the time but his partner told me recently and I was really disappointed as I wanted to treat him and instead bummed him thanks to the deterioration of what once was a great restaurant.    Recently I suggested to my wife that we try them again perhaps and she said, "no way".    I had to agree.I have to recommend that people not patronize this place until it get's it's house in order.   Something is very off here and for some time now.
2	What a complete disappointment.We live nearby, and yesterday had some big and exciting news to celebrate. It was late and nice outside so we decided to talk a walk to Paisan's and try it for the first time.What do you do when you need to celebrate? You order champagne. We ordered 25 dollar champagne. We got ... a BOTTLE OF COOK'S. Really?? REALLY? If you are going to serve us cheap champagne, fine, but at LEAST be smart enough to get something no one will recognize! What's more, while the waiter was nice and all, he wasted tons of our champagne. He didn't pour it right so it fizzed all kinds and he kept spilling it. THANKS. That was our 25 dollar bottle of effin' Cook's you just wasted.We tried to move on, and order an appetizer. It's pretty much bread and cheese, or bread and cheese. Or bread and garlic. Cool. It was fine, but nothing special.The pizzas were also fine, but nothing special. I got vegetarian pesto, Derek got the spicy one. I think these people are relying WAYYYY too much on their name, their legacy, and crappy Kraft cheese.  Way too much cheese. Really good cheese can be used in just the right amount for perfect flavor -- if you add a ton of bland, poor quality cheese to something, that's not going to make it suddenly taste better!!!Desserts? Meh. Derek was horrified to find the tiramisu cut like a pie slice and not a square. (he's picky)It was a pretty building. The acoustics in the back room, the one overlooking the "lake" (read: freeway) are terrible though. Also, it's dirty. The floors were covered.I'm thinking ... never again. Not worth my close-to-90 dollars. And it ruined our celebration. I really wish we had gone somewhere else.
4	Good thin crust pizza! Nice views!
2	No happy hour specials on the patio. 9" Cheese pizza -$11.60. Almost rotten Hopalicious, $5. Potentially rabid squirrelzipping around under your feet - $0.00. No vodka in my first drink- c'mon, really?
2	The food was ok...nothing special. Cheese, cheese and more cheese...not very authentic tasting at all. The service left a lot to be desired. Wait, wait, and more waiting! The waitress never checked on us for drink refills...never really followed up with us at all!  At the end of our meals she brought our check and never came back to the table. I waited 15 minutes...disappointed...as I was waiting to ask for change, so I could leave a cash tip.Thank goodness I was with great company!Mediocre Food + Poor Service = NO TIP
2	The best way to describe my experience at Paisan's is totally bummed.  My parents-in-law both went to undergrad at UW Madison and LOVED Paisan's at the time.  Perhaps it was a combination of them talking it up and my natural love for Italian food setting my expectations too high or something, but there was not a single item at the table that stood out or left us chatting about how good it was (and if you knew my family, you would know that's strange since we almost always talk incessantly about the food we're eating while we're eating it!).Manicotti was "blah" -- the cheese just didn't have much flavor and the sauce was boring.  It somehow even tasted a bit dry... ?!  The Garibaldi is the fav choice of my parents-in-law, though even they agreed it just wasn't as great as it used to be.  The bread it came on was awesome, but the rest was no better than Subway.They claim to be "voted Madison's best pizza" on their website, but the Vegetarian Pesto pizza was maybe just above average to me.  Good flavor, but I've definitely been more impressed elsewhere.  (Perhaps there aren't many pizza options in Madison?) ;]To be fair, the toasted spicy cheese bread was pretty delicious, but was nothing I couldn't easily replicate at home and wasn't worth $9.The location is GORGEOUS -- right on the lake -- but the rest of it was a total let down and utterly forgettable.  In fact... wait... what place are we talking about again? ;]
3	***ABOVE AVERAGE PIZZA RESTAURANT WITH A VIEW***If it weren't for the view, this restaurant would not have nearly as many reviews on Yelp. I have been here several times since 2004.  I agree with the other reviews about how it's amazing this restaurant has been somehow voted best pizza in Madison.  I've tried the lasagna and the ravioli dishes as well, and there is nothing special about them.  The value is lacking, too.  For $12-$15, you would expect more quality or at the least larger portions.  If you come here, you will reach the inevitable conclusion that the view of Lake Mendota saves this restaurant.  The happy hour is the one major plus: $1 well drinks, $3.5 wines, and $2 beers.
3	Stopped in for a quick pizza and a Spotted Cow.  We sat in the bar area to avoid the wait in the main restaurant and cleverly ordered our pizza 'to go.'  The bar area was friendly and the service was fast.  Loved the pizza-the crust was excellent and it was piled high with toppings.  It's also super close to the conference center, which is why we landed here.
1	I will never understand why this extremely mediocre if not downright bad restaurant has the loyal following that it does. Obviously, lots of people have no  sophisticated taste when it comes to food and are glad to eat lots of cheese-filled, high- carbohydrate unhealthy, uninteresting food. The acoustics in the bar are atrocious, the service in the restaurant varies between mediocre and bad and the only tasty item on the menu is the vegetarian pesto pizza. For what one gets, the prices are on the high side. The menus are sometimes food-splattered and the windows to the outside dining area are not clean. They are lucky to have the near-lakeside location --if not they'd definitely have fewer customers-- but even eating outside on a slightly breezy day while traffic zooms by below on John Nolen Dr.is far from a pleasurable experience.
4	Awesome view over the lake.. Great service and prices. Come here every time for cross country meets!
2	Sometimes I wonder is Paisan's gets more business and rave reviews because of their lake view. Their pasta dishes are meh, I could get better pasta at olive garden or even make it myself. The cheese bread was also rather bland and disappointing.
5	Judging by the reviews I'm assuming much of their food is not spectacular.  I couldn't tell you because I only come here for one reason: the Garibaldi.  My friends will tell you I have a penchant for hyperbole but believe me when I say, "This is the best sandwich in the world".  The Italian Bread is crisp and buttery, the cheese and meat are always cooked to perfection and the combination of sweet and hot peppers gives the sandwich the perfect finishing touch.I've been here numerous times in my life.  It was one of my dad's haunts back when he was an undergrad.  Every time I've been, big group or small, the service has always been fast and friendly.  My particular favorite experience came at my bachelor party with a party of eleven rowdy guys.  The waiter took it in stride, brought shots I most certainly didn't ask for and, as if great service wasn't enough, he split the $1 cup of marinara I asked for up between the other ten guys.  There's nothing better than a waiter that can gauge the mood of a group and is able to adjust to it.I hope they're able to keep it up so that I can one day take my kids here!
3	Food was just okay - great old wood and leather furnishings.  Heavy on the butter.
3	Paisan's isn't "fine dining"... but its a "mighty fine" place to dine.  You may not be 'wowed' by Paisans food, but I don't think you'll be disappointed either.  The Porta salad with chunks of cheese, garbanzo beans, and salami, remains one of my favorite salads in all of Madison.  In fact, you can purchase it in some Madison-area deli's.  The pizza has a thin crust and plenty of flavor.   The sourdough bread is warm and tasty. The spicy cheese bread is delicious.  If you like seafood, try the seafood tetrazini. More into pasta? Try their half and half ravioli combo.  Looking for a sandwich? Try the Garibaldi. ALWAYS order an affordable pitcher of red or white sangria with your meal and/or while you wait for a table.It's a great place for a casual date or for dining in large groups. There are lots of semi private nooks and crannies to sit. They provide classic Italian food in a casual environment at an affordable price. In this way, its true to its roots: The restaurant used to be located on campus, but relocated decades to make way for new campus construction.
4	Paisan's gets 3 stars for the food, plus one more for the atmosphere and the beer list.Hearty Italian favorites, slightly on the bland side. The food is decent, nothing special but not bad either. If you feel like carbing out, get the spicy cheese bread -- just like Mom used to make it under the broiler. The texture of the pizzas is great (crust slightly crispy, toppings slightly juicy), but again, it's bland.They have about 8 local brews on tap. Can't argue with that!Gorgeous lakeside location with one swanky dining room that has a fireplace. Bar area has windows in the round. The main dining room has wood-paneled booths transferred here wholesale from the previous location -- that takes some effort. But the neon sign on the outside, on the side the faces the lake, has been broken for ages. What's up with that?
1	The view was the only thing that made this worth the wait.Recently myself and a group of friends visited Paisan's for a Friday night dinner.  Great company, good view but I left feeling I could have gotten a better Italian meal at Olive Garden.  First, I had the Porta salad and ordered it with Italian dressing.  One look at the dressing and I knew I should have made a different choice.  The Italian dressing was  straight olive oil with no flavor at all.  Luckily before dumping it on my salad I tasted it and quickly asked for Cesar dressing instead.For an entree, I ordered the homemade spinach pasta with pepper an onion sauce and Italian sausage.  It was so-so and under seasoned.  The sausage wasn't really anything to write home about either.  It was a step above Johnsonville, but not by much.The view over Lake Monona is great and the service was above average, but unfortunately when someone mentions going to Paisan's again I am going to head somewhere else.
3	7/1/13 My wife and I biked downtown.  If you want a great view of lake Monona then check out Paisan's patio.  It's all about the view!  The pizza, salad, and garlic bread were okay.  I'd suggest steering clear of their sponge tiramisu.
4	Paisan's is a Madison must. Good food, good service and beautiful atmosphere. I am a native and it has been a favorite place of mine for pretty much my whole life.:)
4	We had a fantastic night at Paisans last Friday. The food was good, weather was beautiful so we could sit outside and enjoy the lake view. Wait staff was extremely gracious. Definitely a place to visit again and again!I always look for flavor, I ordered Chicken Parmesan sandwich, it was ok but definitely could use more flavor and spices! Sp 3 stars for the food and 1 for the ambiance!
3	Fantastic view with pretty good food. Lasagna was well constructed, sauce was average. Manicotti filling was good, pasta was a little underdone. The service was really good and our food didn't take long to be served. Generally this was a good experience.
4	The location is beautiful and the food is great. I really love their pizzas (and I'm a bit of a pizza snob). They have so many to choose from. Their pasta dishes are great as well, I really enjoyed the black fettuccine with Alfredo sauce. For an appetizer, don't pass up the spicy cheese bread, it's fantastic!
5	5-star Happy Hour - now served with chicken strips. As if the $3 Long Islands, rail drinks and drafts weren't enough - the bar side of Paisan's now serves up chicken fingers among its handful of happy hour munchies.You could sit in a cozy booth (or out on the patio, not recommended November-April) and have a couple of drinks, fries, and of course, chicken strips - and land yourself a $15 tab. Not too shabby. I'm not completely sure which hours are happy. It starts early, I want to say around noon, and goes until 6:00 or 6:30.
3	We have a business dinner here. The food was alright. We ordered a bunch of pizzas for the table. Way too many raw onions and black olives - but the sausage and crust were pretty good.
3	Paisan's has the best patio dining location in Madison, hands down. The view over the lake is gorgeous and definitely date-worthy, but it can be chilly with the breeze off the lake. However, the food, wait and service can at times leave something to be desired.First off, it can be kinda tricky to get here. You have to go up to the Capitol loop and back track to get onto the one way street, but once you arrive they offer free covered parking with validation. Once you arrive there will be a considerable wait (especially if you want to eat outside) and they don't take reservations, so you'll have to stick it out in the bar area. My personal tip would be don't cave and take a spot inside, the booths are wood and rather uncomfortable, the food's just okay, and you're really here for the view.I've dabbled around on the menu and tried a variety of three star quality items like the very plain Italian Sausage and Peppers and the Porta Salad with garbanzo beans. All the sort of food I could easily make for the same caliber at home with less than ten minutes of prep. This is not really the type of thing I want to spend my money on when I'm out. I've settled on the seafood tetrazzini with the spinach fettuccine noodles as my go to option now. It's very creamy and super filling, two or three meals for me easily. It seems silly that they don't offer real crabmeat in it though, I'm paying $17 for a dinner that's 80% noodles, they could at least give me 2 oz of something better than imitation crab. Anyway, all the food is good, it's just not anything special in my opinion.
3	I loved sitting outside and sipping a coctail with a lovely water view as we waited for a table.  The drink prices are amazing during happy hour, which goes until 7pm.   The dining room where we were seated was a bit dark, but comfortable.  We tried the hot cheese bread, since it was reccommended by a fellow yelper, it was just a small loaf of italian bread with melted cheese on top, it was ok.I had a lovely salad and the 6" pesto personal pizza.  It was very good and just the right size for me.  The entrees are very large and smothered in melted cheese from what i could see.  I wouldn't call it fine dining, but it was ok.
4	This place is not bad at all. The bar is great for people watching and has a view of the street. The dining room with the dark booths is fun for a romantic dinner, the dining room with the large windows and lake view is gorgeous, and the patio is perfect for a sunset meal by the lake. The pasta dishes are smothered in cheese, which people might want to know about ahead of time since it's probably not everyone's preference, and the pizza is just right. You're not getting gourmet food nor should you expect it, but Paisan's is great for comfort food and tasty drinks. I would recommend the sangria. Plus, they offer free underground parking which is a great positive for a downtown location.
1	This was our first time to this very highly recommended establishment,and I must say this was the WORST DINNER I've had in a long time. Coffee was tepid at best Alfredo sauce tasted as if it were from a jar, wait I've had better from a jar. The cannon filling was very gritty and the chocolate sauce was Hershey from a squeeze bottle and definitely was not with the 55.00 bill. We've had better st olive garden. Don't waste your time or money at this poor restaurant. We will never go back!!!!!!!!!
3	Was here for a work dinner event.  Service was not good.  Very slow too.  Worst service I've gotten here.  Usually gotten better service.
3	Round 2: I started my evening out with a Cosmo (Happy Hour) I think the bartender forgot to add alcohol .We ordered the Super Hot Pizza, which was made very close to authentic Italian pizza. It was quite tasty & very spicy as stated. We also ordered Spinach Bread which was nothing special at all. We sat at a table with a view of the lake which was beautiful. The service was much better this time. It was a great pit stop before Manona Terrace. If you done here, ask for a table with a view. It absolutely worth the extra 10 mins wait :-)
1	Just awful!!!!  Bland salad dressing and "cheese" sauce that tastes like paste because the white sauce was not cooked properly!!!! When I told the manager about the paste like sauce he basically told me I was just not used to their sauce. Are you serious!, I have a background in culinary arts, I know when flour is not cooked out of a roux properly!!! Then they said any salad was included with the special and then charges us 3.50 a piece for bland salad!!! We will NEVER be back!!!!!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Madison.  Great pizza and pasta plus dont miss the spicey cheese bread it alone would be worth the trip.  The view is great.  If its a nice day eating outside on the patio is a nice option.   This is my go to place to take someone new to Madison.
5	We had a wonderful dinner here last weekend. Our server was spot on without being overbearing and the dinners were all amazing. I highly recommend it!
2	I'm sad to give Paisan's a "Meh", because it's a Madison staple (especially in my family), but I'm just not that fired up about it. I've had both lunch and dinner here, and while the food is never bad, per se, it's also not outstanding - and for the price of some items, it should earn at least a "really good". Mozzarella bread, for example, is fine, but would be easy (and way cheaper) to make at home - it's just two big pieces of bread with some cheese sprinkled on it and put in the oven. The only thing about my most recent meal at Paisan's that stood out to me was the seasoning on the crust of my taco pizza. And the fact that my menu pages were water-damaged and falling apart, and that the booth area we were sitting in felt a lot like a Catholic church confessional. :/Overall: Not a bad place, I guess, but pretty solidly "meh."
4	There is no place in Madison that has as much history with me as Paisan's.  Years (like lots, and lots of years) ago in high school we would eat there after our state forensics meets - we drove 4 hours from Northern WI to get to Madison, and this was the highlight of our trip (well, that and getting to stay in a hotel without our parents, score!).  In college we went to their University Square location after every concert and recital because it was a short walk across the street from the Humanities building.  My roommate used to use her fake ID to buy their sangria. Once, I even went to eat just in the hopes of catching glimpse at the guy I was crushing on (now my husband) who was there with a friend that night. Paisan's has history for me.I don't love their new location as much as the old.  Even with the transported booths, it doesn't have the character as the original, but they tried. I've had amazing servers and so-so servers.  All of that aside...what I love about Paisan's is their consistency.  Their manicotti remains in my top 5 foods of all time...because it NEVER changes.  It's always served in the same plates, the same way, with an olive on top. The sangria. The mozzarella cheese bread. The porta salad.  It's all exactly the same as it was when I was a fresh-faced 15 year old, excited to be in Madison for the first time. To some people this might be frustrating, but to me, it's nostalgic and perfect.  No, Paisan's may not be the very best Italian food you can get in the Madison area. But it's good - and will always be one of my favorites!
1	Service was extremely slow and not very useful...never once asked if we wanted something to drink, just brought water out. Took a hour for a 9" pizza that didn't even have all the correct toppings on it. Food was "meh".
3	After years of missing out, we finally got try the pizza at Paisan's.   We came on Saturday night with a party of 9 (5kids) without a reservation and they were more than accommodating.   So the service is great.  The pizza wasn't anything grebut it was ok.  The crust did have a cook crunch and the toppings were a plenty.
2	I thought about giving Paisan's just one star but decided the amazing view was worth another. I'll start by saying that there probably isn't another restaurant in Madison with such a prime, waterfront location.And that's a huge shame because the food here is no good. It's supposedly Italian, but less authentic (and less tasty) than Olive Garden. The dishes are so plain - why should I go out to eat to order spaghetti in tomato sauce? Sure, at a really good Italian place simple works well, but here the food really does not taste professional at all. Pizza is the easiest thing in the world to make taste amazing yet at Paison's it is so mediocre. It probably says something about the kitchen's culinary expertise that the menu boasts a ham sandwich with banana peppers as the restaurant's most famous item.I would only say go here if you must, must eat on the water downtown. Even then, I would probably rather get food at the terrace or something.
1	Total bill for one glass of water, very small caesar salad, 9" pepperoni pizza, and 18% mandatory tip and tax was $19.68.I complained about the tip and the fat manager waddled over and told me they had high tips because they don't pay the wait staff much over $2.00 - I told him that was not my problem.Service was not outstanding, pizza was burned black on bottom, and it was way too salty.  I only had a small caesar and a glass of water.  The service was not that great, the staff did not know if we could have the entire room to ourselves if we did not have 20 people.  Long story short, paisans is a place for college kids to go, but not adults who want a good meal and great service and great food.I WILL NOT GO BACK TO PISANS AGAIN.
1	We had the worse bartender, I've ever had, on Saturday afternoon. He saw us come in, walked into the kitchen, then didn't come out for another 5 minutes. He served a table behind us. Keep In mind, we were the only people in the whole bar area. Walks back into the bar, without even glancing at us of, maybe , just say , "hi", " I'll be right with you"... Nothing. Than, finally walks up to the person( in our group) that just came in, after us 3. He sais" what do you want?" No smile not the least bit friendly. A friend of mine paid for our round of drinks and gave him a dollar, when I wouldn't have given him nothing. Thankfully we had a nice server at the table. I just hope that anyone in charge would AT LEAST talk with this  bartender on how, not to be socially awkward, considering his job! This was my 3rd and last visit!
2	Great view and nice environment, but food is ready overrated. The food was at best mediocre..we ordered a pizza to share which was okay... And pasta that wasn't  very good at all...
5	Well, I fee like I'm on a roll here in badger town, Locating better places to eat. I was finally able to make it over to Paisan's to try their pie - it was very good!  I elected for my half (split a large pie with my colleague and go-to partner in crime - restauranteur) to go with the "spicy cheese" specialty pie. It came loaded with tons of thinly sliced onions, delicious pepperoni and, an often forgotten sleeper-good topping, banana peppers!  Despite my hesitation about this cheese blended pie, I was quite surprised at how well everything tastes together. I'm without a doubt a "purest" when it comes to pizza and again, this pie caught me off guard. Definitely worth a return trip fo-sho!
5	First off let me say that the hospitality and genuine politeness in this establishment is incredible. Jeff is one of the nicest and friendliest bartenders I have honestly ever met. I placed a take out order here for the Professor Smith Burger.-Professor Smith Burger $6.95 (Keep in mind I am eating this about an hour after it was finished.)1/3# broild burger with lettuce tomato cheddar and bacon. The burger was cooked perfectly. It was juicy on the inside with a little crisp on the outside. The bacon was that tantalizing level between undercooked and burnt. Nice chewiness but not so much that it will not come apart. It was just an all around great burger. Nothing over the top fancy or extravagant but just a solid classic. What made this place stand out in Madison for me was what happened when I went to pick up my food. I decided to sit at the bar and grab a drink. Jeff was tending bar this night. From the moment I sat down he was attentive and friendly. Told me about some drink specials, the happy hour they do, and this is one of the best happy hours in Madison, and more about the surrounding area since I just moved here. Before long I was making friends with some people at the bar and enjoying a few rounds of drinks. Tom Collins - I don't like gin. Actually I kind of can't stand it, but he talked me into trying one. I was really good. Not overpowering just very tasty. Old Fashion - I am a lover of this classic cocktail, I always have been. Jeff makes a GREAT old fashion. These drinks are easy to make but perfection can be difficult. He has found perfection. After some rounds I had to go but before I did he gave me a few places to trying for drinks and food in the future. Because of Jeff and the friendly patrons at the bar I will be back and back often to this gem. Although I did not try any of their Italian food yet Paisan's has a secured a spot on my Madison Go-To List.
2	Not impressed, especially given the reputation that it's a great place. It started with not being able to sit in the main room and we got taken down a long hall in a secluded room full of booths, with a loud fan and a dark, lonesome, secluded setting. The space between the table and bench is quite large so makes it awkward being so far from your food. The spicy cheese bread was about the only thing that gets a 3/4 star. Otherwise, the food was just crummy- Mozzerella sticks, Cesar salad (served with ginormous portions of dressing), pizza was bland with dry and hard crust and littler cheese and the Monday pasta special was just pasta, nothing special and could be made at home much better. Several of the pasta dishes came with very little sauce and the server came sparingly to check on us, and didn't even make it to run the check and we paid up front. The only thing that made this experience is being with family, and that was the point of going out for dinner!
3	A Madison classic serving "classic" Italian food as in the same things they were serving 3 decades agon when I was a student living in Madison.  Now, my tastes in Italian run more to the authentic and less to Americanized food that defined these type of restaurants when Italinan food was considered "ethnic" and "exotic."While it is a great festive atmosphere, especially after a football game, the food is fine but not something I'd go out of my way for.
