4	I'm a cheater and a liar. I told Los Olivos I'd be faithful, yet once again I've been a cheating whore. I went to Francis and Sons because they were close and they lured me in with a $9.99 sign. I know, I was dirty and cheap... It didn't think I could be pleased like I am with Los, after all this wasn't going to be a hand job. That was my justification - it wasn't going to be personal... It wouldn't mean anything, it was just a wash. I hang my head in shame writing this... It wasn't my fault, the machine broke halfway through. I had no choice but to let them finish me off by hand. And it was wonderful, and they waxed my tires for free. I'm so ashamed..
3	This place would easily be four-star, if it weren't for the God-damned annoying auto-glass repair guy that spoils my experience every time I bring my car in for a wash. Seriously, the wash is great, and you can't beat the price, but I'm shorting them a star, maybe two, for the restraint I've had to exercise in not kicking the pushy glass repair dude in the nuts every time I go there.
1	way overcharged me for an air filter, pestering sales people, mislead me on pricing, dangerous cacti where the customers sit and wait that get their pricklies stuck in my hand and arm, bitchy woman at the check out counter, overall, a horrible experience.
1	Booo I had a terrible experience here. I went to get my car cleaned on a Saturday at 3 pm. They charged $25 for a basic inside/outside wash ($15 at Danny's). Then I fought off the $200 detail upgrade and chip replacement people for five minutes. I got in my car when they were through and looked directly into my cupholder which still had coffee drips and crumbs - great! They missed several other spots in addition to that and left trash on the front seat. My final gripe was that a homeless guy was bothering me the whole time while I waited. Not their fault, but it made the whole experience a little worse. I hate to complain publicly like this...but it was awful and I wouldn't wish that kind of rip-off on anyone.
5	This is really more of a 4 1/2 review, but I like these guys, so they get the 5.  This place will give you a great deal if you just ask for it!  The prices are reasonable to begin with, plus if you haggle a little you can walk away with a car wash, oil change and air filter changed for $20!  Most places you can't even find a oil change for that!They can be a bit pushy, but you just need to say no if they offer you something you don't want.  The vacuum job was a little sub-par, but nothing too bad.  Also, check on the website and they always have coupons you can print off.  (though when I went, the offer they gave me was cheaper than if I had used the coupon!)Check it out for sure!
1	Came in for a $6.99 full service wash and checked out with a $59.99 interior detail and an ultimate wash...the glass guy quoted me a fair price on a new windshield since I have a crack across the whole thing...not bad like this place...just say no if u don't want any add ons to the wash....actually after a couple days i realized they forgot to put my floor mats back in.When i went to pick them up they looked worse then before the detail.Also the stain did not come out as the guy said it would..not going back!!!
1	I bought a prepaid coupon from a daily deals site for this location. What a terrible car wash. They left a lot of bugs on my grille, "forgot" to put in the fragrance that is included, and in general did just about nothing inside the vehicle. I usually get my car washed from Danny's Family across from Trader Joe's on 20th St. -- the difference between the two "The Works" washes is incredible. This place has a lot of work to do to catch up with their competition. I called and spoke to the manager about the poor job and the missing fragrance,  and he let me know he could care less. Also, during the visit, there was a glass salesman they allowed on their site and he pestered us for ten minutes about our window. [Review updated after final coupon used: This place tries to "get you" any way they can. High pressure salespeople trying to up the price of your car wash. Window repair guys trying to tell you there's something wrong with your window, etc. Whatever you do, do not frequent this car wash company. They are terrible!!]
1	An employee from this car wash stole my phone. My keys were in the same compartment as my phone and they were both taken. However, when I called twice and came back they had my keys  but said they never saw a phone. Little did they know I had a GPS tracking application on my phone (where's my droid) and it proved that it was in fact at the car wash but by the time I tracked it they were closed and would not answer their phone. Later that night I tracked my phone to an apartment right down the street from the car wash. It should be obvious at this point that it was stolen, but when I went back the next day to give the manager and every employee every chance to make it right, nothing was done. He was rude and dishonest. I called the police and it is still under investigation. In the mean time however, this has cost me a lot of money to replace my phone and a lot of my time. They refused to do anything to compensate me for my phone and did I mention the general manager never even came to talk to me and did not call back when I left a message about the incident. Do not go do here!
1	I prebought a detail for my husbands truck form the 79 ave and t'bird car wash.  The guy was supposed to include a wax and buff and the interior detailed.  He circled the wrong wax and because I trusted him, we did not get the buff, which was the main reason I bought it to begin with.  This car wash is extremely pushy and annoying.  I won't go back and my details will be done again at Danny's.  The last one their was fabulous.
1	The bf got his truck washed here and raved about it!  He got an oil change, car wash, and leather treatment for his car.  It did look amazing when I saw it right after the wash.  I was impressed.So, I went this past Friday to get my car washed. I got "The Works" car wash.  I will say that the outside of my car did look fabulous when it was done.Here's where they went wrong:  First, IU was informed that my car was not shiny like it is supposed to be.  The guy compared my car to a freshly waxed black car.  Of course my silver car isn't going to look the same as a black car that just got waxed!  I was irritated to say the least.  Second: When my car was "finished" I went over and got in.  As I started the car, and pulled away from the drying area, I realized the dash of my car was dusty.  It had never been wiped down.  What car wash vacuums a car but doesn't wipe off the dash?Looks like I'll be going back to Los Olivo's or Danny's for my future washes!
1	Came here a while ago just to get a quick wash before a road trip to Vegas... And as it had been a while, and my truck sees a lot of miles for work, I decided to get their best wash package... Unfortunately, that just means the attendant will then try to sell you EVERYTHING else on their list of add-on's ranging from floor mat shampoo, to carnuba hand wax... He finally suckered me in with two Ultimate Washes and an interior detailing (one of the washes and the interior to be redeemed at a later date). So here I am trying to redeem that upsell, and the attendant AGAIN tries to talk me into another set of upgrades! I politely said no thanks, as I'd just like to get what I've already paid for and be on my way... But no... I'm now this guy's project and he starts giving my truck the once over, pointing out every little blemish or "spider webbing" in the paint... dude, just wash the car! "Well, I'll knock ten dollars off"... No, just want what I've already paid for... "well, what about the interior seats... You only paid to have the doors and dash done..." Just do what I've paid for... A blank stare back from him like I'm some cheap bastard because he couldn't sell me anything else beyond the previous upsells! After he finally figured out I wasn't biting, he told me they'd have it ready in about an hour and a half... The cashier inside even took my number to call me when it was done... But two hours later, no call. I had my friend drive me back after we finished breakfast and my truck was in the "finished" lot, but I could still see areas that weren't wiped well and water spotted... Even a couple cat prints were on the hood! I decided I didn't want to deal with him telling me "Well those would have come out with the hand wax", so I came home and wiped off every  print and water mark easily enough myself... Needless to say, I won't be going back again... Your poor customer service and quality assurance have cost you a customer, and gained you another bad review.
1	Horrible experience!   I tried to use a groupon for an express detail this morning.  When I called earlier this week to make an appointment the girl I spoke to said I didn't need one and I could just bring the vehicle in whenever.  So I get there this morning and am told they prefer an appointment but could do the detail.  Then the guy proceeds to try to force me to buy additional detail services for $200.  When I told him I didn't want to spend additional $ he said I really needed to and tries then to negotiate the price down on the additional packages.  I said no but he keeps at it even when I said no and that I just want to use the groupon.  I finally just asked for the groupon back and left.   What a horrible experience.  I just wanted to use the groupon and get my vehicle cleaned and detailed and not be harassed into spending more $.  I would never recommend this place - stay away.
1	I spent around $60 for a groupon service valued at around $120 and received about a $20 car wash.
1	Let me first say that I've been here for car washes a handful of times over the last year or so. Typically I wash my car but like to save some time when possible.  My most recent visit though has given credence to some suspicions and doubts I had about Francis and Sons.Many feel unsafe about leaving items in their car without locking it up in the glove compartment because of the possible theft.However, it is far worse to be stolen from with lies said to your face. I have some scratches on my car, from parking lots I assume, and I was told the detail would remove them and have the car looking like new. For $120 I thought I'd treat my car, she's suffered enough, and get her scratches removed and then get a nice wash/wax/shine.After about an hour I noticed the guy buffing the car had broken something on my rear hatch (hatchback) and then another came as they fumbled around trying to fix something (handle/button/insignia I didn't know) but I figured I'd get an apology and they'd inform me once I went over when they had finished.Nope....Not only did they fail to remove any...I repeat...ANY scratches from the car. They simply placed the button (that opens the hatch) in it's place in the hopes that I wouldn't notice until I drove away and have it fall off never to be seen again.The managing person there didn't even make any attempt to better the situation and the guy who sold me the detail said nothing about the obvious little scratches that remained. They offered nothing when told about it...sad.I am easy to please, truthfully I am, but shadiness, slyness and dishonesty are things that truly annoy and frustrate me like nothing else.  If you want good HONEST service go somewhere else. I'll try Los Olivos, Clean Freak or Dannys from now on.
1	Disastrously bad service. Dishonest staff and every time you turn around some guy is trying to tell you that your car can't just be washed, the oil can't just be changed.  No you need a clay bar detailing, you need a new windshield, you need the engine flushed.  My Range Rover was fully detailed, serviced and inspected by the dealer four months ago - but car wash guy wants $50 more.  They misled me on oil change cost, not by a little but by $50.  Misled me on time it would take for oil change and car wash, oil change took an hour and I had to skip the car wash entirely.  And finally, for God's sake, can there be just one car wash that doesn't have a skeezy guy telling me I can get a new windshield for free?  My windshield doesn't have a chip or a crack in it and Francis & Sons is telling me dust pitted my Pilkington glass windshield.  Really dude?  Really?
1	Do not go to Francis & Son Car Wash they did very poor job on car wash
1	like all the other reviewers said, only go there for the drive thru car wash.  Everything else is a scam.
1	This place is horrible! One of the employees crashed my car and rather than having them fix the problem they refuse to answer my call!!  Don't attend the phoenix (7st) location.
1	First time I got my car serviced, everything was great.The second time I believe an employee stole my phone.BEWARE
1	I don't even want to give them a single star. I get my car washed there and they do an ok job for a car wash for a $20 car wash. This time, however, I took my car in for a detail. A whopping $147.00....what does that get you? Your ENTIRE car (still pretty filthy) covered in what appears to be cooking spray, including the tire tread (that sounds safe). They didn't do half of what they said they'd do. They argued with me about every obvious mistake they made. They didn't clean my seats OR my floor and dressed the trim with the greasiest spray (which they also did my windows with..gee, thanks!) My 5 year old niece could have done a better job. They didn't touch the top of the car (like I wouldn't get on the tailgate and look?!) I feel completely ripped off and will never go back again. I'm trying to figure out how to morally cancel the credit card payment and drop them $50 - because that's all the value I think it was worth. Took me over two hours to re-clean car when I got home because I was EMBARRASSED to drive around in a streaky, greasy mess.  They like to blame each other, tell me their life story, blame some guy who used to work there weeks ago(?). They called me over and tried to make me WATCH them yell at each other, tried to make me WATCH them re-do some of the stuff...like I was some Roman wanting to watch people toil in the pits or fight a lion. SO WEIRD! I guess it worked 'cause I just wanted to get out of there as fast as possible. This place sucks...SUCKS...and I've tolerated them for over 5 years. I've had it.
3	I love this car wash. They may take longer than others in the Valley but they actually clean and vacuum the entire vehicle!  My only complaint is that like all the other car washes they try to up sell you on services - but that didn't happen today. Give them a try and I think you will be pleased
1	I wanted to commend your staff on the outstanding job they did on my car. Especially, my change holder that they completed cleaned out. Thanks for leaving the pennies and nickels though. I really appreciate that, but the manager Manuel is going to find out who did it. Once you crack that case Columbo come see me for some additional work. Thanks, I can't wait to come back for the free car wash you offered Manuel. I'll make sure I clean out my car of all valuables before I return.
1	Two words.  They suck. I had put brand-new floor mats in the car and then have been washed. When they got done, there were grease stains all over the floor mats. Failed to vacuum the back. All in all I will never use this car wash again.
1	I went to the Gilbert location on Ray Road.  My Sedona Red Rocks Pass was stolen from my glove box.  When I went back and told the management, they really didn't seem to care.  I would not recommend this place, unless you like being riped off!!!!
4	May 2014 - Luis set me up for removal of baked in sap.  They made my car (2004 Honda) look new.
1	DO NOT GET YOUR CAR WASHED HERE. WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY.  Got there at 2:00 pm. The guy that greeted me spent 8 minutes trying to talk me into detailing. My car is 5 weeks old, doesn't need detailing. I went inside and paid. My receipt was printed at 2:10. At 2:35 my car had still not been touched. I got in and pulled out. Didn't even get questioned. Anyone could have taken my car. They can have my $20. Never going back.
3	Average job. Waiting area is dingy and small. No conveniences while waiting, but carwash was ok.
1	WARNING!!   HORRIBLE!!!      $1500.00 car wash! I had already stopped using Francis and Son's because they suck, every time I went they would call me over to return a still dirty car to me, the worst parts were the vacuuming and windows. Yesterday I was driving by the 70th ave and Bell Rd. location, my truck was recently detailed and really only needed to knock some dust off. So I thought "what the heck... it's convenient" Apparently I had a tiny break in the plastic part that is actually the great big part that makes up the entire rear, passengers side of my Chevy Silverado. The break was underneath the vehicle at the very rear. Whoever took the truck in noticed this, and instead of alerting me of possible damage put a little piece of tape on it to hopefully prevent that damage! Well, it didnt work! It ripped that entire piece all the way up to the top of the bed! They refuse to take responsibility! I can't believe it. I'm not done. They are horrible. IF THEY HAD WARNED ME,  I WOULD NOT OF GOTTEN IT WASHED!! so, they got my $20.00 that was more important to them than me or my vehicle.
4	They have always treated me well. I will review the car and have them touch up some issues . The staff is friendly.  I have never had to worry about honesty . They will buff things out if needed.
