5	I always go here for oil changes they are quick and cheap not to mention its the closest jiffy lube to my house. they also send great coupons via mail/email! and its not usually crowded. i love it.
1	I used to be in the industry and I know what my car does and does not need.  They couldn't seem to get that, and kept trying to sell me crap.  Over-priced, slow, very dirty, and an overall sketchy vibe.
2	"Experienced better" per the two stars? Not really. They're all the same. This was my second time here. Second time after my other engine oil changer shop annoyed me for the last time, but that's another review. First time here was OK-good. This time? Wasn't impressed. Irritated actually. Why do all these automobile engine oil changeries want to sell me on the power steering fluid flush? Or the fuel system cleaner? Or the fuel system additive ("improves fuel economy by 20%" whoaaaa)? Or a new air filter. The only thing they didn't want to do was flush my brake fluid. Guess it was OK? They drained the engine oil then brought me in and proceeded to walk me through 200 services they could perform. Everything for $460. All of this after I said the engine oil change was all that was necessary. The guy really didn't care and continued to read off the "sales" screen. At one point I just about got into an argument with him when he started talking about change intervals. I "learned" that the recommended change interval was 3000 miles ("we don't go by months any more" noted!) if you drive in X conditions (stop & go traffic, cold starts, drag racing, etc.). Otherwise it was 7500 miles. Perfect. He then asked if I wanted to go with 3000 miles, 7500 miles or my own decision. Huh? I'm going to get my vehicle's oil changed whenever the hell I want, aren't I? I didn't understand why he was asking that or the reason. He couldn't explain why he was asking the question either. We went round and round for a few seconds then I just said 5000 miles and he entered it in the computer. After that he walked through the remaining 100 services they offered and then showed me my air filter. Apparently, with the amount of dust that is in there, my air filter is reducing my gas mileage by 1-2%. Who knew? All I know is a dirty filter is more affective at trapping particles than a clean filter. I passed on the filter change and all the services, paid the $46 and was on my way. He was kind enough to introduce me to his manager and walk me to my car. That was a little awkward though. And, I saw them do it to everyone before me, so I wasn't special. After I got in my vehicle I noticed the next change interval was 3000 miles from now...why did I tell him 5000 miles again?Where am I going with this? I know what I want and I need. If I claim I know and I don't, then it is on me. If I tell you I only want an engine oil change then that is all I want. Simple as that.Not sure if I'll go back here. But then again, if I go to another place it'll be the same thing.
5	I have two go-to oil change locations in the Charlotte area and this is one of them.  Why?  I demand 3 things from an oil change service:  1)  inexpensive, 2) fast (nothing worse than waiting in those cramped waiting "rooms," with Oprah on the TV monitor and 3 day old coffee out of a styrofoam cup), and 3)  no pushy upcharging tactics.  The last two times I've been here I've been their only customer (go early on Sundays), so I was in and out in no time.  Their basic oil change fee is $39.99 which is on par with most other places, but they often have coupons to drive down the cost.  They do pull your filters, but I didn't feel pressured to pull the trigger on an additional products or services.  They let me look at them and allow me to tell them what I want to do versus trying to convince me to do something.  They also recommend a service timeline.... meaning at X miles you should consider tire rotation or system flush or whatever.  Maybe all customers don't like that info, but I appreciate being informed since I can't keep my services records straight in my head.  Again, not pushy, just informative.I'll admit the service model is a little weird.  You drop off your car like normal, but then someone escorts you into the waiting room, offers you coffee, etc.  You then walk up to the desk where they talk to you about what they've seen in your car and recommend certain products or services.  Feels a little forced and scripted, but if you can get past this, I feel this is a great place for the average Joe.
1	First time customer 5/10/213. They are not very through. Went in for an inspection and failed due a broken passenger mirror and weak wipers. I repaired the mirror at another location and they noticed my belts were split and cracking very badly. If it was not for the mirrors, they would have passed me and my car would have been in bad shape later down the road. I'm glad I did not get my oil changed there who knows what would have happened
4	I've been coming here since moving to Charlotte last year. The workers here are professional and courteous, and I've been very pleased with their level of service. Do they try to upsell services? Sure, but find me a garage that doesn't. Having an established relationship with Jiffy Lube now, I know I can trust them. Cost is reasonable and wait time is fairly short, even on a Saturday.
