5	Definitely a big fan of this place!  The service and people are the best and really help you find what you need.  I am always coming back here for jewelery.**Update 1/08 - Just bought my engagement ring from here and it's so beautiful.  I have posted a pic.  Judi is such an artist and so friendly and helpful.  She really wants to help you make your day special.  When I picked out the wrong size, they resized it with no problem and with such ease.  Even living in SF, CA returning the ring and getting a quick turnaround was no problem for these people.  I am definitely letting all my friends know and can't recommend them enough.
5	I created my account on yelp just so i could be sure to write a good review for this company. I was referred to them from a friend and went there out of frustration since I couldn't find ANY unique designs for my wedding ring at the big chain stores. I took my grandmothers ring in to Moore & More to have them take the diamonds from it so I could redesign the ring to be more modern and unique. I went in there with my sketches of a custom ring for myself, my husband and my brother (because he was getting married around the same time), we ALL got spectacular rings designed exactly the way we wanted them! They are so beautiful and such high quality! I get compliments almost every day! Every time I go by there to get my rings cleaned they are so nice! I highly recommend them if you want your jewelry done right!
5	Moore and more jewelry are absolutely wonderful! I had a custom job from another jeweler go bad and Judy was so helpful on how to handle with other jeweler. I brought the necklace to her and she fixed the mess I gave her. when I picked up the necklace it looked perfect! I could never be happier! I definatly learned my lesson and will not go anywhere else except Moore & More Jewelry!Thanks Judy!
5	I just adore this little boutique. Everyone that works there is so friendly and helpful. They engraved my husband's wedding watch a couple of years ago and just recently repaired, resized and replated my wedding ring. The quotes they gave were always accurate and the pricing is very reasonable.
5	I ADORE this jewelry store!  I had been searching high and low for a unique wedding band and was at a complete loss.  One visit to Moore & More Jewelry Designs and the wonderful ladies had a completely custom ring designed for me that I LOVE!  I was amazed that a custom piece of jewelry was so affordable too!
5	LOVE this store!  Family owned.  Super professional and nice friendly staff.  Great work.  Great location! Can't say enough wonderful things :)
5	Judy Moore and her team offer beautiful and affordable jewelry. They are experts in the jewelry world and can guide you to the perfect gift for a loved one or yourself. I highly recommend them!
5	I have been a customer of Moore and More Jewelry for approximately 10 years.  Moore and More has earned my confidence and loyalty.  They continue to provide the excellent service that professional jewelry stores are expected to offer.  I have never been disappointed in quality or value of the many different pieces of jewelry I have purchased.  The prices are so reasonable.  You truly think you are getting the "family" discount each time.  I think it is important to mention the "after purchase" service is absolutely superior!   They make you feel just as important as the day of purchase.  I am a local business owner, and  believe in supporting local businesses when possible.  Moore and More Jewelry has definitely proven to me their excellence of superior quality, service and more than fair value.  I would certainly recommend doing business with them!  I consider the entire staff, Judi, Erin, Lisa, and Rubin, as my, "Jewelry Store Family"!  Kathryn G.
5	Because of their Yelp reviews, I decided to go here to see how much they would resize my wedding rings for.  They are made of sterling silver, and I was quoted at only $20 to get each resized!  I dropped them off on a Friday at two, and the lady was so nice.  She said at the latest the would get done Tuesday.  Of course I was a little sad, but I understood because they do have other clients.  However, they called me the next day at noon to tell me my rings were finished!  Now they fit me perfectly, and I couldn't be happier!
5	Wow! I highly recommend this place. First of all, the service was super friendly. Second, the price to fix my broken ring was surprisingly inexpensive.   The location is quite convenient. There is always a parking spot on the side street or right in front of the strip area..  Definitely go there!
5	I love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair.I have taken several silver/rose gold/quartz pieces to be repaired and they always come back perfect!The staff is charming, and the pieces they create are exquisite!
5	Stopped by again because my mom was looking to have a ring appraised.  Not only do I believe they were honest and well knowledged, they offered to clean my wedding rings for free that they resized for me in the past!  How sweet!  :D
4	I had several pieces of jewelry that needed repair, and Yelp steered me this way.I had a new set of earrings, and one had a post that didn't fasten securely.  They fixed that on the spot at no charge.  I was glad I opted against manhandling it with a pair of pliers.  The second piece was a bracelet that had a clasp that kept coming open.  That had to be left, but it was adjusted in-house.  The third piece was an earring with a broken post.  It turned out that had to be sent out for soldering because heat could damage the stones.  When they called to advise the earring would have to be sent out and the cost, I considered not having the work done.  When I dropped the pieces off, the lady who helped me looked at all the pieces and stated this earring was silver.  I had assumed it was white gold, but it was a gift.  I wasn't sure I wanted to spend the extra money to repair it.  When I told her my concerns about fixing the piece, she said she had misspoken, and the earring was actually gold, not silver.  That further slightly affected her estimate, but I decided it was worth it.  They did a beautiful job, and I could not tell which earring had the new post.  The only reason I dropped a star was the misidentification of the metal.  I'm not sure how they can visually tell the difference between the two, unless she was just looking for the 14K mark and missed it.  The jeweler, however, had identified it correctly.  I would not hesitate to have future repairs done.  And my husband is more than welcome to select any of their jewelry for purchase.Oh, and they're right next door to See's Candies.  I should have given them 5 stars for that alone!
5	Judi and her staff are fantastic! Not only are they great jewellers, they`re just great people! Judi stopped at nothing to make sure I had the most amazing engagement ring. My fiance and I had been to at least 5 other jewelry stores before going to Judi, and for the first time, I didn't feel pressured by over the top sales people. Moore and more goes above and beyond and their quality of work is unmatched! One thing is for sure--they'll be my jeweler for life! :) :) I`ve attached a photo of my ring (which doesn't do it justice because it's so much more beautiful in person).
5	Amazing company.  Tried a few other jewellers, this is my go-to place now.  Came in for very minor things and one fubar from another jeweler- every job was treated like a piece of fine jewelry even when it was just polishing a $30 ring.  Flawless work, fantastic service, helpful, on time, communicative...look forward to going back :)
