2	"Disposable Relic"When supermarkets get old and pass years without renovation, they become Copps. Unfortunately, this is the closest grocer to my home. It reeks of stale indifference. Nothing seems to have changed in thirty years except its deterioration. The parking lot is filled with booze-swilling and smoke-chugging vagrants and the interior is discolored with years of decay. Pretty much everything is stocked. They have most brands and a decent variety of food, but your paying extremely high prices for their products. There are usually only a couple of cashiers available; each of which are slow and waiting for life to deal them another card. Deli clerks dejectedly lord over rotting food. Stock clerks seem to stoned to give damn.Some things are fine to grab in a pinch and exterior reveals what's on the inside, but a trip elsewhere for your groceries is usually on my list.
3	Wish they had a bigger space and more variety.  But the service is nice.
2	I just finished filling out the request to put this place on "Extreme Makeover: Grocery Store"Outdated, and just plain depressing.The happy: standard selection of regular grocery, decent liquor selection. They sell flowers. It's tied for closest store to downtown.The sad: deli, bakery, produce all suck. The cashiers look like they are trapped in some sort of Roundy's prison.
4	A big reason I like Copps is that I like their prolific house brand.   Roundy's brand cereal, cookies, detergent, etc. etc. are all good values for my budget.Overall selection is fine -- better than Super Target, Woodmans, Walmart, not as good as a boutique grocery like Whole Food$ or Metcalfe$ The produce department comes through 90% of the time.  They failed on fresh basil and the lettuce is cheaper at a couple places I know but pretty much every other produce need is met.  They have a lot of brand name seafood but it's from China, so we go to Metcalfes.   Wisconsin staples like brats, cheese, beer, and football food are WELL represented.   The decor is less theme-park than a new store would be.  If you require track lighting and an exposed loft-wall, or a water feature in the tuna aisle, you may have to shop elsewhere.  The Park Street Copps is bright, clean, organized, and looks like what I expect a grocery store to look like.The staff esprit de corps is pretty high, maybe because their turnover is low.  It's the least busy Copps in the chain but still fully staffed, which means that when you ask for help the clerk will cross the store and show you what you're looking for.  You get the red carpet treatment, all just to seek a particular New Glarus beer flavor (they had it) or RIT fabric dye (they didn't have it).
