5	For bars this is good as it gets. Friendly bartenders. The pool tables are free. I didn't order the chicken nachos but it looked huge. The bartenders recommend stuff you never had before like Bananas Foster shot's. And the drinks are strong at nicely priced. The top shelf is stocked as well. And sports and news are on the TV. Its in the same lot as tcs rib crib. Eat ribs and then get a few beers. This will be my bar from now on.
3	Nice place, the inside is pretty large, a little deceiving from the outside. Several pool tables, towards the west end there's quite a few more secluded tables and the bar reaches around that way too. Cool and personable bartender, I think his name was Graham. Very smoky in side, I think about every one in there had 3 cigs hanging from their mouths...good if you're a coal miner, bad if you're not.Seemed like a decent enough place to grab a drink and bullshit with friends, but we didn't try any food so can't review on that...Beer was cold and decently priced. I think I paid $5 for a 24 ounce tall draft.
3	Decent bar, no complaints! The bartender, Kat, was very friendly, and whipped up some shots she called, "Kat's vagina", which were actually pretty tasty. Free pool tables, and some fun video games. I didn't eat the food, but everyone there who ordered food enjoyed it. It's pretty smokey, but it is a bar, so that's to be expected.
1	Worst service I've ever received. The bartender was drunk and had no idea how to make any of the drinks or shots I wanted. He had to look them up on my phone and they still tasted nothing like they were supposed to. The bartenders and waitresses ignored us pretty much the entire night. When they finally took our order they told us they ran out of pitchers. I'm sorry, what? You're a bar and you ran out of pitchers? Wow!! Never again will I return to this bar, they give local bars a bad name.
3	So, this was the oddest "Pop In" experience... Not sure how to rate it.Brewske's in a nice place. it's comfortable. The people know each other and are friendly. The bartender was cool and have WAY TOO MUCH fun.The menu is extremely casual in a "you belong here" way. Our food took 35 minutes (for a wrap and a sandwich). I'd be a little upset about that, but my Mustard Chicken sandwich was one of the best hings I've even eaten and the fries are FANTASTIC. Prices are on par with the area, if not a bit lower.I will deff be back soon and will absolutely update the review.I want to like Brewske's and I think that I really will after a few visits.
2	Since the start of the football season this bar claimed to tailor to NY Giant's fans. We went there 2 weeks ago and had a decent time. The bar wasn't really busy and we were able to get a seat at the bar. We went back today and found out the owners don't want to cater to the Giant's fans and they are non-denominational - say's Melissa (bartender). They took the banner down that said "home of the NY Giant's". Many patrons, including us, said we will not be going back as Melissa said she can not guarantee the game/sound will be be on. Pretty rotten to change things up mid season. Thought we found a new place, but we'll have to keep looking.On a good note, they have $1 sliders and $.50 cent wings during the game. The sliders are tasty!
5	Although we had front row seats for a crash this evening, this place is awesome. we were new here today and they welcomed us into the fold as if we were Norm from Cheers. I love Vegas for this reason and this bar is a nice little place to go where everyone will at some point know your name and then buy you shots of Jameson in appreciation :-) a nice place to drop the BF off as I get my lashes done and its a win-win for both!
5	If you want to feel right at home with a great bar come here! Service is amazing. Gina and Nick are amazing and are beyond on top of their jobs. If you wait more than a minute for a drink when you walk in the door.....that's rare! Great atmosphere, free pool, and great food!
5	This review stems from sampling their food from Bite of Las Vegas so take it for what it's worth.They offered sliders are their tent, a Jameson glazed burger slider w/ onions & a Philly slider. They came out fresh & were VERY tasty. The quality was so good we are def interested in going in for the full dining experience. Def worth checking out for the food!
5	I went to Brewske's for a Monday Night Football game.  What a great place to watch football!  They have a HUGE screen and nice seats to enjoy the game.  The bartenders were very helpful in my beer selection, and their football special menu is awesome!!  I can't wait for this to be our new Chargers bar!!
5	Excellent !! Stop in there very often , bartenders are like family ! Erik / Amber /Gina/DustyLee / Jamie ! Try the food here too ! Great job
4	Great Chargers bar!  Lots of room, great service, every TV is on the Charger game. Special football menu with good munchies. The Mac n cheese balls are the bomb!  Chargers fans are the best.
1	Sadly, this did not meet our expectations as a Charger Bar.  The first 2 weeks were great, then we were no longer wanted.  We have found a new home.
1	Started off as a fun replacement bar for our Charger fans but apparently bringing in 50-70 people extra a week who buy food, drink, and some gamble is not enough to add an additional bartender and waitress to expedite service. when GM Eric tells you we are not making enough money for them Charger fans get the hint. New home a lot better and welcoming.
1	Won't be going to Brewske's any more - apparently we Charger fans weren't spending enough.  Adios!  Good luck with your Sundays now.  GO BOLTS!
1	Wow...I won't waste my time here EVER AGAIN.  There are plenty of places that will actually appreciate you and your business.  I wish I could give it ZERO stars.They pushed us away last spring when we hung out after kickball...it was poorly run and the staff was horrible.  To think we drank a lot but didn't gamble!  In a BAR!!  We didn't sit at the bar so we weren't taking up gambling spaces but they were still rude to us.Then the Lodges took it over.. Yay!  Ft. Apache lodge is one of my favorite if not my favorite place to gamble.  Should be better now... NOT.When Michaels closed a few months ago, we brought in over 50 Charger fans in several weeks in a row to watch the Chargers play and they ended up telling us they didn't want us to come back.  We weren't too rowdy...AND we got crappy service because they only scheduled ONE bartender and ONE server for us after the first week where they had several.  I guess they thought the numbers would drop off.  They don't know our base very well i guess.So, why did we get pushed away?  One theory is we did not gamble enough.  (I know i played a couple hundred myself and saw others playing).  Too bad... i know a lot of liquor was ordered, food was ordered.  Only gamblers sat at the bar... including me.  I was done with Brewske's at that point.Today I go in to redeem a free meal I EARNED on their designated day (I could only redeem it there on this day)  and they wouldn't honor it.  Apparently the card I was given wasn't filled out properly when I EARNED it (not that i would've known...it wasn't MY promotion).  The problem with the card?  1.  The only thing it showed to fill out was address, phone number and email address for ME.  I could have filled it out on the spot.  THEN they said it expires after two weeks.  THERE IS NOTHING ON THE CARD ANYWHERE THAT SAYS IT EXPIRES.  Totally misleading.  The bartender explained that she told that to the management and they appeared to have NO CLUE.  I'm sorry, even though I love Ft. Apache Lodge, and spend at least two nights a week gambling in a Lodge somewhere (Durango Lodge being another place I frequent) I can't see myself supporting such STUPID management.  Management that doesn't keep their word.  I would highly recommend you don't either.  Save your money for bars that deserve it... not expect it.
2	I've only been here once, but the reviews are pretty accurate. Ok to drink but the service for food is not so great. The competition in this area is big so you'd think they try harder but nope.
1	Compared to other options in the area, Brewskes is just a dated, overpriced dive bar.  The Menu has improved, but everything else (including the atmosphere) makes you wonder how they can justify chrginng the prices they do. There are much nicer places.
1	I'm surprised this bar isn't on Bar Rescue! There's so much wrong with this place. I don't know where to start.To begin with, it's in a location which is in a spot where you have 2 other bars, within a mile. The building is 20 years old, and very dated! I remember when it was the Colosseum! I frequented this bar from 05-07 when I was living in the area. The bar has gone down hill over the years! There's never more than 10 customers in the place. Just judging my experience tonight, I won't return for a while! To begin with, I went in at 5:00pm... I had 3 beers, which came to almost $20.000. There  are several bars in the area that run a $3.00 happy hour deal. Within 5 miles.When I first walked in, the bar tender was too busy doing shots with customers, and a guy who seemed to be the manager, to come get my order. As a new person I felt very un welcomed!I hung out for a few hours, the obnoxious regulars just kept getting louder.  The staff encouraged it! I ended up leaving more annoyed than when I walked in!I had a bad day, and wanted to relax, & this was the wrong place to do so.It's been a year & a half since I've been there, and it'll be at least a year before I go back.
4	Spot is cool...some hip hop/RnB playing...good prices on drinks...haven't ordered any food but cool atmosphere...some pool tables..good place to kick it at...James is a good bartender
3	Came here last night to check out one of the bars in the area that isn't your traditional Timbers. Pros: Bartender (Juan) was super nice, suggested a signature drink he makes called apples&oranges that we all thought was tasty. Space was open, lots of tables and seating available.For bar food? Pretty tasty. The sweet potatoes fries had a nice little kick.Cons:Music.. old rap and R&B. Did not fit the pub setting. At all.The service was very slow.. waited about half an hour to even be able to order our drinks, and then the bartender came back about ten minutes later to make sure we had valid ID. Can't blame the guy since he was the only one working and had at least twenty customers. But still. Very slow. Price. For a beer, gin, and order of sweet potatoes $20. During happy hour? Little steep if you ask me..
5	Finally found a local spot where the bartender's not a d*ck and they have some more options than just heavy bar food. Got the chicken and avocado salad and it's not gourmet or anything but way better than most dives. And they have Jameson on happy hour, my favorite! :)
1	Tried this place again while I was getting my oil changed next door. Middle of the day, no one in the place and still lousy service. Ordered a beer that was flat. I told them about it and they changed the keg but didn't offer to replace the flat beer they gave me. I will say the service wasn't so much intentionally bad, I just think they don't known what they're doing. In any other city that may be fine but in the area they're in, there are much better choices.  Go to PTs or Porch Light. Seriously.
3	Nice locals bar to go for a drink or watch a game. The burgers here are very good, above average for bar food. Plenty of machines also for video poker.
2	So we ended up going to Brewske's for our friends 26th birthday. Now this is only my second time there so I'm no local to this bar. All in all I had a good time but the next day I come to find out, the new "manager" at night, was a complete idiot. 1, I ordered a Stella... I'm a lady, I don't drink like a man and need a huge glass.. When I ask for a small, I want a small, not a large. 2, I ordered food from their happy hour menu for the football game, clearly while the game was still on. I ordered 2 hot dogs, got brought out 3 tacos... Took another 30 mins just to get 2 hot dogs. Then we we closed our tab, he told us he would take care of the mistaken food... come to find out from our friends the next day, we apparently didn't pay our tab for food? That in the end costed $21... I clearly ordered $10 worth of food from THEIR MENU while the game was on and was charged full price. He never once asked me what tab it should have been on even though he had already had drinks for us... and then still charged me full price for food.. not impressed. Clearly they needed more than one bartender working.. and his impression was not that great, more sarcastic, I don't even remember his name.
2	The worst draft in town.  I come here every couple of months when I get my oil changed and it's always the same. My fault for thinking anything would change.
