3	I'm a bit of a takeaway addict at the moment, and at the end of a long day often just can't face cooking and instead guiltily slink off to purchase some spicy food in a plastic container.  Suruchi Too, on Leith's Constitution Street, is an Indian restaurant that also does takeaway, and in this capacity has provided me with sustenance on several occasions.They have an extensive menu that includes curries in all shapes and sizes - or perhaps I should say, of all smells and spices.  Their naan bread is especially excellent, and although the food does score quite highly on the grease scale, it is full of flavour and makes a satisfying meal.  Prices are slightly above average, but they do have a five pound lunch deal which I am determined that I will get round to trying out one day.
1	Disappointing, disappointing, disappointing. We had a groupon for here and I was super excited to visit - and we made this our pre-anniversary anniversary dinner (alright so I confused the dates, but what of it? Girls forget too!) after an initial failure to book a table last week, with the restaurant being fully booked. Even on a Tuesday night, we couldn't book prior to 8pm. Wow, this is a popular place, I thought!So we turned up, starving and excited, on a wet and miserable night to a near-empty restaurant. I could see that multiple tables had the Thali experience menu on the table and realised that the restaurant wasn't fully booked per se, but clearly they were limiting what time and when groupon vouchers could be used. Hmmm. Fine. The thali menu itself was six choices - if you were vegetarian, you had to like paneer, as there was no other choice, although there were four options to choose from (from memory) - Sukutha (my choice), spinach sensation, tikka or something else - essentially a sauce with the meat of your choice (or cheese). Other options were butter chicken or a lamb dish. Side dishes that came with the thali were not explained and bread wasn't included unlike some other places I have visited. So once we had time to order, we waited for our half pint of Cobra to appear. And waited. In the meantime, more thali couples arrived, and were served. We continued to wait, the scowls on our faces getting deeper. Eventually we were handed our drinks and finally served - it had been a good fifteen minutes or longer since we arrived before anyone came close to our table. So we ordered a vegetarian haggis fritter to share as a starter (pleasant) and some bread to go with the thali. Time passed. My hair turned a little more grey. The starter arrived and was devoured. I finished my Cobra. I finished the boy's Cobra. We continued to wait. Just to note - we arrived at 7:45. We were served our main after 9pm. Now, that would be fine if this was freshly cooked, but clearly each dish came from a larger vat of food, so why it took so long to deliver, I have no idea. We didn't get asked how our food was, and no more drinks were given. Other tables looked equally forlorn. One waiter seemed to be serving the entire restaurant, with another serving starters only. We made our own way to the till to pay thirsty and annoyed, opting not to wait another 30mins for signs of attention. As the boy paid, the waiter asked if we enjoyed our meal - I had to walk out before spewing forth a volume of expletives about how much I had not enjoyed the experience of dining at Suruchi Too. I can't even tell you if I liked the meal, I was so irritated by the experience and moreso we'd come here to celebrate something that ended up being a letdown for us.
2	Suruchi Too in Leith, which was one of my highest rated Indian restaurants in Edinburgh has dropped massively in my estimation which is a great disappointment. The usual smoky aubergine was too sweet, the paneer was still good but the portion size had been massively reduced and the spinach which used to be fantastic was a flavourless mess.Very mediocre, but the worst thing was that the naan bread was obviously from a packet.
3	Well priced, amply sized menu and tasty curries. We were the only customers on a Sunday night so there wasn't really any way the service could have been bad I don't think but I've never had any issue with that element in the past either.
