4	Blimey! B&Q You've changed your spots haven't you? I remember the days when you were just the boring old store with nowt much of interest apart from buying wood for my various design projects - but somewhere between then (lets face it, the need to visit B&Q lessened when I became a house renting office worker) and now (renovating house sharing office worker) somebody shook up the B&Q game plan. With some salivatingly good wallpaper options, endoresment by the gardeners TV gardener Alan Titchmarsh, some nice kitchen and bathroom options from Cooke & Lewis, the idea of design concepts have snuck in. I now look forward to my trips to B&Q, rubbing my hands together in delight at what I will make the boy buy for our house... I have my eye on doors and radiators next but shhh... don't tell the boy...
2	Bang! There goes one star. Oh! And another.After spending literally thousands in B&Q on a house renovation project, the boy picks up the wrong light switch. He's lost the receipt, which doesn't help, but like most of us do, figures he can just do a simple exchange for the (cheaper, so at a loss to him rather than B&Q) right one on the Saturday of the bank holiday weekend. But then he didn't take into account the B&Q returns policy (no receipt no joy), nor the snarky attitude at the customer service desk which had him in a rage like I hadn't seen before. Now you seem, there is a balance here - because there were 2 girls on the desk. Girl number one speaking to him as if he is some form of creitn for not having his receipt, huffing and puffing and generally behaving like the spoiled teenager being forced to work a bank holiday weekend she seemed to be. On the other hand, girl number 2 politely informed him of the returns policy while girl number one screeched in the background "show me it!" demanding to see the exchange the boy had returned with before "allowing" the transaction to continue. Treat someone like a common thief and suddenly you don't have an eight quid argument, you have a five grand one, as the boy was on the edge of cancelling our new kitchen. Thankfully, he didn't, although I wouldn't have blamed him if he did. Customer service is an art, not a chore. In future, there will be less trips to B&Q and exploration of other outlets and a recommendation to the business - if you want to keep your customers, don't scream at them and treat them like common criminals. Girl number two was perfectly able to deliver the same message as girl number one (although at the disadvantge that girl number one was determined to make the boys "customer experience" miserable by screeching while the other girl was serving him) which would have had the boy hang his head and remember to look after the receipt the next time, but girl number one's crappy attitude was the one that stuck and disappointingly so, resulting in raised hackles and frankly arguments that never needed to be had in the first place.
2	This B&Q is massive and is well located around several other DIY type stores.  They have a good garden section and can have some good deals.  BUT - one chain home DIY store is just like any other chain DIY stores, the only thing that really differs between them is how they are laid out and the staff.  The Man and I come by here occasionally to pick up housey bits and bobs and were in the other weekend looking for something to repair our (brand new) waterproof laminate in the bathroom (the plumbers scratched it while installing the million-ton cast iron bath).  We looked around and didn't really see anything which seemed to do the job, so the first place we asked was the paint counter.  We thought - fillers go with paints, so the guy here might know.  We walked up "excuse me?" *no response* "um, excuse me??" *slow eye roll in our direction* The guy hardly moved a muscle and provided us with his most bored and put-upon voice to tell us to try the flooring section.Ok right well yeah that makes sense, could have been a bit more pleasant about it but that's fine.So, we head to the flooring section where we approach two employees having a conversation. We are clearly customers in need of help but they only stoped their chat and turned their attention to us when when we practically had to stand between them and interrupt them.  The Man said "Hi, we recently purchsed waterproof laminate and..." "There's no such thing as waterproof laminate" the flooring guy said.  "Well, actually there is" The Man said "it's called Dumafloor..." He was interrupted again by the flooring guy who said "No, laminate can't be waterproof, it gets wet and it expands, it's not waterproof"Um anyway...He didn't even let us finish our question before attacking our "waterproof laminate" - listen guy, maybe you're right but also maybe there is a product on the market you *gasp* don't know about!  Either way, don't interrupt your customers when they're asking you a question.  He finally told us where to find flooring crayons, and sent us off with a cheery "but anyway, there's no such thing as waterproof laminate"Note to B&Q -a little customer service training would go a long way.Further note - and no, I don't want my wedding registry here.  In fact, it's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
