5	Well this is my gym and of course I love it!Lots of different training no one way for anyone. Want to workout have a good time workout on making your self more fit this might be a great place for you or of you are hurt they  train lots of prevention  and mobility , stability training and technique. Or if you just want to get stronger there is a weightlifting club as well!
5	Fits Ops is a fantastic gym! The trainers are so knowledge and eager to help all of their clients to reach their goals! It has a cross fit feel but gives you that personal training feeling with their classes. I have been going for about 4 months and can't say enough good things about this gym and its trainers! If you want a good kick butt workout but want to have fun at the same time this is the place for you!
5	Everyone needs to check out this gym!! Unbelievable repor with their clients!! They will motivate with the most positive attitudes!!!! Always achieving major results that you desire! This is a must have in your life!! Get a membership now before they blow up so big, you'll never be able to get a trainer. Oh and not mention.... The stretching they do, is life changing!!!  Oh man!!!! The best!!!!
5	I really like this gym. I have only been training here for a couple of months but have seen great results. This gym takes it back to the basics which I enjoy--squats, lunges, jump ropes, stretching etc. I also like how they don't nickel and dime you for every service. You are able to try things out and find out what works best for you. The gym is ran by 2 families and you can usually meet all of them if you are there. They care a lot about their gym and are happy to help you. I have met a couple different clients while working out and loved the stories. One man was told he would be in a wheel chair in 6 month due to his medical condition. This particular man started training/stretching here and 6 years later he is walking--with a cane, but still walking.  Many more stories like this one.. just ask Carson :)
