5	Soooooo excited we have a boutique like this in the neighborhood!!!! Beyond adorable clothing and accessories for such great prices. They have really unique items that u won't find anywhere else in Vegas for us fashionistas:)) love this shop!!!!!
5	Super cute shop! A must go for those in need of cute clothes and accessories who are trying to shop local. The prices are very affordable. The tops I got were around $20 and the cute ring was $7. Interestingly enough, they really do have something for everyone. My 62 year old other got some cute stuff along with my friend's 9 year old daughter. They even have plus sizes. Cute items for all!
4	Went to pink buffalo for the opening and loved what I found!! Such a cute store with so much to choose from! So many different sizes, I'm a bigger girl so selection sometimes is minimal for me. This was a pleasant surprise.  I will definitely go back next time I need something to wear for sure! Great staff too! Love the place!! Thanks!
5	Sooooooo excited to have this shop so close to home !  They offer a wide variety of sizes which I know a lot of other Vegas boutique don't !  So many cute things to choose from .....I found a comfy beach dress ....and a dress to wear to the club ....variety ! And lots of accessories !!!
5	Cute little neighborhood boutique.. So glad to have a store like this in mts edge.. Lots of trendy & affordable pieces w/ a wide variety of sizes. The store itself is decorated so cute!! & the owner is really nice.. Even gave me a discount coupon I can use the next time i come back. Support small local businesses!!! :)
5	Super cute clothes at great prices! Also a really nice staff, very helpful. Will be back soon!
5	Great neighborhood botique that has super cute clothing and accessories at affordable prices!  I bought a super cute little cami and wallet when I was in last that I get compliments on all the time.  Good variety of clothes and sizes, the shop is nicely decorated, easy to shop in and items easy to find.  Definitely will be back, loved it all!!
4	Pink Buffaloyou are adorable. This is a little boutique in the shopping center where Holley's Cuppa is. It's right on Cimarron and Blue Diamond behind the bank hiding. After grabbing some fro yo at Poppy's I came in to check out their clothes since I had seen good reviews on yelp. I wasn't disappointed. This shop has some really cute items. They have dresses, tops, skirts, shorts, jewelry, and some purses as well. They have about 10 rack of clothes divided by color and they even have a rack for plus size. My only issue is they are so tiny so they only have a few of each item. It's hard to find something in an extra large. I've gonna back since and tried on some dresses with my friend. She was looking for a dress for the wedding and couldn't find her size. The lady was trying so hard to help us. She probably grabbed every dress in the place for us but still not luck. Why not 5 stars? Well, the weirdest thing was another lady just chilling in the corner with her shoes off. She wasn't very inviting. Also I still haven't bought anything. I'm gonna keep trying.
5	What a FANTASTIC boutique!! Not only are the clothes beautiful, but the service is superb! They are beyond helpful, and great at helping you get an amazing outfit together! Perfect hours, so we can stop by on our way home from work, and with plenty of time to get ready for our evening out!! Thanks !! See you really soon!!!
