2	I had a 2 for 1 coupon which is what inspired me to come here for dinner. The veggies were fresh but the meat was only so-so. I had a steak salad and the meat was very thinly sliced- which I liked- but I think it was to mask the grade of the beef.The food was not visually appealing. And I had to smother my salad in various sauces to get any flavor out of it. The meat again... lacked flavor.I watched the woman make my salad and she weighed the amount of meat that was to go into the salad. I watched her pile the meat on top of the lettuce and watch a few pieces fall off the side. I then watched her place my salad to the side to be bagged while while she made my friend's entree. She took the meat that fell off the sides of my bowl (which was weighed once already)  and put it on the scale along with some more meat for my friend's entree.I stood there thinking.... HEY! I've just been shorted some meat and basically charged twice for it!Honestly, it wasn't a big enough portion to really complain about but people working in open kitchens should know that they're being watched by the customer and that we're all very critical with the way food is handled since we're paying for it and it's eventually going in our tummies.I have another 2 for 1 coupon and I'll probably give it away to someone else. You won't see me here again.
4	I disagree with Allison's review. Personally every time I've come to this location, the food has been fresh, flavorful, and the cooks have been able to recommend new things for me to try each time.The place is clean, not quite as nicely decorated as the location in North vegas, and has a fully disclosed nutritional guidelines page posted on their bulletin board, which is great for people counting carbs/calories/whatever. The staff here are usually very friendly, as well. I'll definitely be coming back, and if she doesn't want the coupons, she can give them to me. LOL
4	I know that this is Americanized Japanese style food but I still like it. Why? The teriyaki sauce is really good. More flavorful than most places. They use steak instead of cheap meat and they grill it to perfection. I also like the fresh crisp vegetables that they use. The place is nice and clean. Samurai Sam's is a hit for me.
3	Just went for lunch today and can't say I love it nor hate it. To be honest, it fulfilled my need for a decent meal at a decent price. One thing I liked is the choice of white or brown rice. One thing I did not like is the large amount of vegetables and minimal amount of chicken in a teriyaki bowl.
1	Typical chain styled joint serving below average fare in a boring setting. Free is still over priced.
3	I always hit this place up after the gym cuz I'm trying to eat healthier after I kick my a** working out.  I'm not a big fan of eating fast food so this is a better alternative.  Whatever you order here will be really good...they pretty much make it fresh while you wait so that is the really good thing.You can't go wrong with the white meat chicken breast veggie rice bowl or with the salmon bowl.  Same great taste every time!
5	healthy food!!!! i get their lowcarb plate which is veggies and choice of meat. and if i dont feel like eating healthy i get yakisoba with choice of meat. they normally heavy the teriyaki sauce so i always ask for it on the side. service is great, food is great, location is great. but i stopped by recently and saw they were closed due to ownerships so i really hope they don't close down!
4	Not sure why the place was so empty at lunch time on a Saturday but I liked it! I had the steak and chicken bowl with soba noodles. Will be back again!
3	Food was good, but then again I think anything doused in teriyaki sauce is good.  My girlfriend had a 2 for 1 coupon here so we tried it out.  It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just ok.  I looked at the prices and to be honest, it's a little weird that this place is almost the same prices as Pei Wei, which is 20 times better.  It's ok here, but with places like Teriyaki Madness and Pei Wei at the same price points and right down the street, I highly doubt a business such as this can survive.
5	I probably hit one of these chains once or twice a month, especially after the gym because the food is healthy for being considered fast food. This location in Henderson is never busy when I go, which is interesting because it is located in a high traffic area. The benefit to this is that service has always been fast. The customer service is excellent and the restaurant is always very clean. Some of the platters I've ordered here include the steak & chicken bowl with soba noodles, beef with brown rice bowl and the salmon bowl. Also, I've enjoyed the white meat chicken breast veggie rice bowl. But my overall favorite item is getting the beef with soba noodles.
4	Samurai Sam's is a very friendly environment and the staff is helpful!I ordered a grilled chicken egg roll and two steak wraps with brown rice and no sauce. They did not have wheat wrap, so I asked to just have it in a bowl. That was no problem for them. When the order was ready, the one individual gave me a second grilled chicken egg roll for the "long" wait. I think I must have waited 15 minutes.I am very pleased with the service considering there was only one employee working at the time.
4	Tried this place instead of going to Teriyaki Madness and we were glad we did!  The quality of the food is just so much better.  Compared to Teriyaki Madness my husband thought the veggies in the yakisoba bowl were a thousand times better - it didn't seem like just all cabbage.  Also, the grilled (not fried) chicken egg roll was INCREDIBLE.  So much less greasy.  Their teriyaki sauce was delicious and I poured on some extra, not because there wasn't enough but, because I tend to OD on that stuff lolThey had the choice between dark and white meat chicken.  Only thing I would have preferred is if the chicken had been cut a bit smaller.  Decor is nothing special but the restaurant is clean.  Could have used some background music.  I can't wait to go back for lunch again sometime soon and have another one of those egg rolls!
2	I have worked in a customer service job for four years and this was an absolute terrible customer service experience. First off, don't come here within the last 40 minutes of them being opened. Everything felt rushed. The lady at the register told myself and other customers "they were out of meat and it would take at least 20 minutes to cook" in a persuasive way to try and get everyone out. When I ordered a combo, she asked if I still wanted the egg rolls (that come with the combo) as that would delay my food even longer if I still wanted them. All the nozzles were off the soda machines so getting a drink was an even more difficult process. They also decided to lock up and turn off their open sign 25 minutes prior to close to keep other customers out. The only reason I give this location two stars is because the food is still better than eating at McDonald's. Terrible customer service.
2	I decided to try this place as an alternative to Teriyaki Madness as we live closer to this location.  I walked in and was greeted by an individual who was unkempt and had a lot of hair with no hair net.  He was very friendly and personable though, so that prevented me from walking out of the store.  When I placed my order, I then witness the server start to prepare my food.  I say prepare because all of the ingredients were already cooked and the process of putting them together and stir frying them on the grill was the biggest effort.  It took the server quite a long time to heat my order.  When I brought the order home, my wife and I looked at each other and vowed to drive the longer distance to Teriyaki Madness next time.  The beef bowls were bland and the quantity was far from generous.  I was not impressed.
1	It appears the management has changed.  They are cheating the customers by filling the bowl with rice and some salad and a thin layer of meat on top giving the impression there is a lot of food.I will never go there again.  My next visit will be toTeriyaki madness.
1	This place is closed! It says open on yelp but I pass by it many times and even tried to walk in. It's closed.
1	I am a frequent patron here and the food is always fresh and great.  Today, I found a piece of hair in my food. I showed the hair to the tall gentleman who was behind the register. He immediately said that none of them has hair. I was totally disgusted. I asked him if he was going to do anything, he said "no!" This is by far the worst service I have ever received here. I don't expect much as my meal was only $5, but because of his departing resolution, I will not come back after 6 years
