5	Delicious. FRESH. Family owned. Open late. Delivery available. Yes, it is true! I now have my favorite go-to Mediterranean restaurant on the SouthEnd/SouthPark side of town. It won't break the bank and you'll have plenty to eat. It's a newly established restaurant taking the space of the latter Las Palmas Restaurant. The menu has a lot of dishes in Spanish as a way of honoring the Las Palmas crowd. Be like me though and skip over to the authentic Mediterranean dishes. The baba ganoush is the best I've had in Charlotte. Its smoky flavor almost had me licking the plate clean. My flexitarian side came out and I had to order the mixed plate with the beef, chicken, and lamb kofta kebab. OMG. Grilled to perfection. The dish comes with a fresh salad filled with cucumbers, tomatoes, and lettuce topped with freshly squeezed lemon juice, EVOO, and pepper. As of now, there are a few things lacking because it's a new start-up place. For instance, it's not too vegetarian friendly. They only serve flan and cheesecake, but eventually want to have baklava and other Arabic desserts. In a week they'll serve breakfast and sometime in the future they want to add Hookas. For those wanting to score a great lunch under $10, this is the place. For $7.99 on Tuesday, Wednesday, & Friday you get most anything on the menu. I almost cried tears of joy when I saw that they offer delivery. Now my lazy self doesn't even have to leave my home or office as long as I live within 7 miles of the place. The service is great. It's family owned. They don't serve alcohol (but the bar next door does).Try it out and you won't regret it. They are open late until 9:30pm during the week and until midnight Friday and Saturday.
4	This place used to be a columbian restaurant, but now is mediterranean. However, you can still order sweet plantains as a side! Pretty cool. The people are very nice and typical dish is $9 with a salad and some chip like things to snack on prior to your meal. You will not leave hungry. We will definitely be back.
4	great food!i had the beef kabob and tabbouleh salad wit side of hummus.my new go to place!
5	Amazing fresh food..! I was craving Mediterranean until I came here. We ordered the chicken tikka kebab and the half chicken with pita bread. Perfect.. Just well done. The hummus was mouth watering. Must go place. This place will be on my visit list for sure wheneva I come to NC. All the items here are fresh!! Thanks and keep it up guys.
5	I've been to many kabob houses in Charlotte.Jasmine Grille has excellent service and great food!  I may have to come back tomorrow for lunch.  This place is a must. Get the falafel. Seriously.
2	Yelp has failed me on this one....Though the place was clean, it was totally empty, and the waitstaff seemed really out of it.  I ordered the hummus based on reviews and was disappointed - it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't worth ordering. The worst part was the cold, almost undercooked bread that came with it. It was very chewy and kind of gray. Next came the salad, which was fresh, granted, but the dressing was a little bland. I also ordered the kofta platter, which came with rice. The addition of peas and carrots to the rice was nice. The kofta was pretty good, but over salted. A valiant effort, but I would not recommend.
5	If you want good traditional Mediterranean food, please give Jasmine Grill a try. The owners are a family from Jordan (brothers and sisters) and are the sweetest people. My husband and I have been there at least 6 times since they have been opened which is only a few weeks. I always get the chicken kabob and I love it. It comes with salad, rice, grilled tomato and onion.  I opt out for the rice (I'm not a big rice eater) and get the hummus instead. Their hummus is fresh and they garnish it with parsley, olive oil and cumin and that's what I like about it. It is the traditional way to serve it. I will try the tabbouleh next time and if it is as fresh as the hummus, I am sure I won't be disappointed! Also I would like to mention that it is listed in Ballantyne, but it is in Southpark/Southend neighborhood. South Blvd between Tyvola and Woodlawn. Give it a try!!!
5	New restaurant.  Nice interior and small patio outside.  Home made pita bread is fabulous!  There are several vegetarian options on the menu here.  I had the falafel sandwich which was very tasty.  Great service here.  They are very friendly.  The food presentation was good, too.  This restaurant is in a small brick strip mall off South Blvd. near Seneca Pl. in the Madison Park area.  It's a little tough to spot from the road, but well worth going to once you find it.
5	Exceptional kebabs! The bill was about $13.00 out the door (LEAVE A TIP) for a combination kebab plate including chicken, kufta (ground lamb + beef and herbs mix), and beef (sirloin maybe) kebabs. The plate was massive and the kebabs were served on thick bed of rice with a grilled onion and a grilled tomato on opposing sides of the plate. If that isn't enough, they offer you a side item! You may choose from hummus, baba ganouj, salad, and about 3 other options I can't recall.The baba ganouj was lacking... it wasn't the best I've ever had. They also serve it with a home made pita bread which is thinner than the pita to which I am accustomed, but it was good. I would have liked the pita served warm, but it was served at room temperature.So why 5 stars after the previous paragraph? Because the entree was absolutely flawless. The beef was served in 4 glorious morsels cooked to a remarkably moist medium rare that was more medium than rare. It was also seasoned perfectly. You could taste the seasoning but also relish the succulent quality of the red meat.The chicken was also exceptionally moist and tender. Seasoned to perfection, and the seasoning/marinated penetrated the chicken rather than simply resting on the surface.The kufta was one of the finest examples of kufta which I have experienced and I can not say enough of wonderful things about it. If you've never had kufta, ignore the name and go for it! The name always put me off but it is absolutely my favorite meat on any menu.The chef (and presumably owner) came to my table three times to inquire how my experience was, and asked how I'd heard about the place. I informed him that I'd heard about it from Yelp, and that I was just passing through on business. He was so grateful for the business and concerned about my experience that I felt compelled to write up the review.The inside is certainly no frills, and the tv was a bit on the loud side (it was entertaining though), but this place was unfortunately empty on the Monday night I dined here. This place certainly needs your support. Get in there and give them your dollars. The food is spectacular and the owner(s) conscientious. It's worth a try and at $13 OTD (not including tip) for a combo plate that could feed two, it's absolutely worth every single penny!
5	I was in Charlotte on business and was looking for a Mediterranean restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised to find the Jasmine Grill so close to my hotel. When I opened yelp to look for a restaurant, their yelp ad was at the top. Apparently it was the first day of their ad run and I was very glad to find it.The food was fresh, made to order and very good. The hummus was lemony, just the way I like it. The Falafel was tasty, served with the sauce that was delicious.The staff was attentive, courteous and as a first timer to the restaurant wanted my dining experience to be good. The atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing.This is a new restaurant in Charlotte and I definitely will be back on my next travels to the area. Loved it!
4	Really solid Med food! The chicken schwarma was very tasty! But the best thing was their accompanying tzatziki sauce, or their version of it. It was AWESOME! Made the schwarma really really delicious! Also had the stuffed grape leaves that also were very good.  They were of the warm variety which I prefer over the cold ones. Yummy babeh ganouche (sp?) to start and voila a GREAT lunch! Can't wait to try their other yummy delights.
4	3.5 stars. Service is a bit discombobulated no big deal, prices are very low and there are tables outside, another plus. The Kafta kabob  ($10)- mix of ground lamb, beef, spices- comes w/ yellow rice, grilled tomato and onion and a side of your choice. Simply excellent! 4 starsI got the Humus as a side... it was interesting. It was presented with stripes of Cumin and paprika and a bit of fresh mint floating in a small wading pool of olive oil in the middle of it all. I liked the flavor the unusual garnish gave it but I thought the hummus lacked something ... maybe tehini?3 starsMy companion had a falafel wrap, it comes with fries. The falafel wrap was very good but the there was no dressing in it. Again tehini may have helped but there's a number of sauces that would have worked. The fries were the standard kind but they were nicely crispy and we ended dipping them into the humus, which worked great.3 1/2 stars.   We also tried the Cheese Burek, these were deep fried as opposed to baked, it tasted OK but honestly personally I much prefer the baked phylo kind.  The only bad note was the ice cubes had taste to them, they gave us fresh bottles of water to make up for it.With Jasmine on the West side of town, Le Shish kabob on the East side and Kabob Je in Matthews, Charlotte certainly has Arabic food well covered.
4	Really the best homemade "pita" in CLT. Not like your everyday pita- soft, a little spongy and delicious! Very addicting and goes great with the devine hummas and baba ganoush.
5	Stopped in for lunch and got a chicken schwarma sandwich and fatoush salad. Both were exceptionally delicious, five stars all the way. If you like Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food you'll love this place. Very fresh ingredients, delicious recipes, and very nice owners.
5	The food is amazing. Definitely the best Mediterranean restaurant in town. I ordered hummus and falafel...they were both outstanding. Try their mint tea (fresh mint leaves)....it is delicious.
3	Second time eating at this place and the service was terrible today. The good was a little bit of a disappointment also.... I might not come back.
5	This restaurant is simply great! A wonderful family run establishment greets you with warmth and hospitality. I had a question about the lamb shank and the cooking process was explained from start to finish, greatly appetizing me and confirmed my order. The dish was as picturesque as those seen here.  The meat just fell off the bone, making each bite succulent and FULL of pure lamb goodness. The dish is served with a beef soup which will bring you back to that warm goodness Mama served up in childhood. I highly recommend you stop by for a meal, you will find a bit of life's more pleasurable moments here.
5	I've been twice with friends and the food is excellent. Very clean with a courteous staff.
5	Almost all their dishes are delicious.  The only exceptions are the Falafel and the pita bread.  I found them to be a bit dry.  The yogurt drink, Aryan, and the dessert Kanafeh, are fantastic.  The prices are unbeatable. The best value for money middle eastern restaurant in Charlotte.  Plenty of parking places anytime, any day.
3	I previously gave Jasmine Grill a higher rating, but had to lower my rating a bit after my experience today. My friend and I came here for lunch on my recommendation. The place is small and it was pretty crowded. Almost every table was taken. They were short staffed. There was one server working the floor for one large party and about 7 or 8 smaller tables. There was one cook and that was it for the staff. From the time we walked in and sat down, no one greeted us, no one brought us a menu or a drink or took our order...no one ever came to the table. We sat there for about 25 minutes trying to get the server's attention, but he just rushed around without stopping at our table. We finally ended up leaving because we both had to get back to work.The quality of the food has also started slipping a bit since I first came into their place  about 6 months ago. They have dishes with avocados on the menu, but are always "out" of avocados when I order something. They frequently forget items when I get a take out, and I have to check my order carefully every time I'm there. I think the good reviews on Yelp have caused their traffic to go up, especially at lunch, and they just haven't been able to handle it. I'll probably go back once more, but if service and organization don't improve soon, I'm probably going to mark it off of my list.
1	Almost empty but....chef out front talking to only other customers while I stand here and wait for a sandwich..nevertheless the food was ok...ordered to go humus was ok, but no extra pita for dipping..thought that would have been a given..it was ok..but for ordering a to go on dinner break, never again.
5	Great restaurant, friendly and welcoming.The mixed meat Kabob was delicious and really tasty, yellow rice and choice of side - very good value, portion size and all very fresh.I would recommned this to anyone wanting a tasty experience. Will go back next time in Charlotte.
2	Have had excellent meals here but customer service is just not good. Latest was that I ordered online, drove over and they had no record of the order. While I understand accidents happen, this is not the first time this has happened and
3	Loud distracting middle eastern music filled the tiny dining area in this dive like establishment . Ordered lamb kabab and it was nothing to write home about . It does have one redeeming quality  - Super relaxing massage is just two doors down !!! Hence the three stars.
5	Jasmine grill is certainly a hidden gem in Charlotte. I've been here a couple of times and the staff are so friendly and warm. Typically I'm not a huge fan of hummas, but the hummus here is outstanding! I also have had the chance to try the fried redsnapper, the beef/lamb shawarma and the veggie plate and no better way to top off a meal than with turkish coffee. Nothing about this place has dissapointed me and I absolutely plan on coming back here several times in the future.
5	For $100 you can easily get a great meal, but Jasmine Grill does it for 10 bucks. I had the chicken kabob with a side salad. The food was great and the presentation was that of a high end restaurant, a very clean and colorful presentation. The service was very efficient and friendly. I hope I get back there before I leave town.
3	The quintessential three-star restaurant, IMO.LG placed a carryout order for us and we went to pick it up in about 15 minutes, but was disappointed that it took some time even when we got there.  Such a lag - I was chocolate-wasted and in need of some grub.  If you plan on carrying out or something, giving them ample time to prepare the food is your friend (and worst enemy... I want to eat NOW).We ordered a bunch of dishes, and frankly, I don't remember all of them.  I just remember that the lamb was juicy and tasty.  The chicken was equally good.  They were dishes with rice and choice of protein... it wasn't terribly memorable, but served its purpose.  Owners are nice and attentive.  Despite me sprawled out across the chairs and looking demonstrably bored (bc of waiting for food), they offered me some water and acknowledged me saying that the food was almost ready.  So, while solid, not entirely inspiring.  If anyone can recommend a good quick spot to hit up for some Middle Eastern grub, hollatchaboi.dmo out.
5	Tasty, made from fresh, pleasantly plated food for a good price.  Falafels were great.  Baba ganoush was delicious.  Comfortable seating - not crammed like most restaurants.
5	During Ramadan they have a buffet with the best chicken I've ever had. My family eats here at least once a month and always enjoys it. We order one of the combos and feed 5 or 6 people and it's always plenty of food. Sometimes it's a little slow, but the food is always delicious.
1	Terrible ownership. Ordered food online from their website and received confirmation that food would be ready in 20 minutes.  Went to pick up food and restaurant was closed.  Credit Card was still charged.  Called the next day and was told manager was out but would receive a call back.  The call never came.  Called again later and spoke with manager who said he would take care of it and call me back in 20 minutes when done.  Never received a call back and the refund was never processed.  Finally went into the store to speak to the manager who wanted me to call the company that they use for their online orders and that I shouldn't be upset about having to make a trip to the store only to find out they were closed, call multiple times about getting a refund, and then him not wanting to give it to me.  Finally got refunded my money but not for my wasted time.
4	Ordered delivery and had the falafel appi. I've never had it before and it looked a little too crispy, but that could just be me not knowing what it's supposed to look like! Lol had the chicken kebab for dinner. It was excellent. Like. Excellent. I love the yellow rice. Wowzah. It came with a side salad that was also very good. I think I accidentally put the falafel sauce on my chicken dish instead I wasn't sure what sauces went where! Over all excellent and delivery thru yelp was so fast! At max 30 min.
5	My family absolutely loved Jasmine Grill! The appetizers, kabobs, shawarma, tea, dessert...everything..was cooked perfectly. We wanted to try a variety of different things and anything we didn't know or understand was explained to us. The owners were very friendly and accommodating.  Prices are great, portions are large. Our friend from Iraq said it was some of the best middle eastern food he has had in the USA.
4	Don't be dissuaded with the locale or looks of the place - this restaurant is genuine Middle Eastern cuisine done very well. It's quite evident the cook knows what he's doing in the kitchen.We had chicken kabobs, shwarma, & mezza - all perfectly seasoned and presented well. Only one suggestion which is to go a little lighter on the salt. It felt like each dish was personally prepared by a chef who cares about their craft. Lovely and courteous staff give this place a nice family feel.Jasmine has the best baba ganoush in town (nicely smoked eggplant) and the saffron rice is addictive.
5	Great food and great service. We have eaten here twice now and had take out once. Cannot beat the quality and service anywhere in Charlotte.
5	Went here three times in the span of a week, while visiting Charlotte. The food was excellent and the service was better than exceptional. These guys rock!
5	Just found this place a couple months ago and now its a go to for lunch during the week. The food is prepared fresh and authentically middle eastern. The lunch special is $6.99 and comes with soup, salad, and main course which I almost never am able to finish -- it's a good amount of food. The rice is particularly very good, I'm not sure why, but it is way better than typical american restaurant rice.It is oddly empty every time I visit but don't let that deter you.
5	Went here for a break between soccer games with my son, and was blown away by the freshness, delicacy and the use of spices. I am a huge fan of Mediterranean food and these guys rocked it. Staff were very friendly and there was international soccer on the television. Among other things we had the beef and lamb kebob and it was simply amazing.
5	This place is such a hidden gem! We went there for lunch today and their lunch specials are hard to beat. For 6.99, I had a chicken shawarma plate, hummus with pita, and a bowl of soup. The service was great. Our waitress was kind and attentive. The food was delicious! The lentil soup was perfect on a cold day. And the hummus is some of the best I've had. It has tasty oils and spices on it that add to the yummyness. The chicken shawarma was also great and the white rice was great. We left stuffed and with happy tummies! I would highly suggest anyone who wants to try some authentic Mediterranean food to come here!
4	Excellent little place with a friendly waitstaff and, more importantly, excellent Mediterranean food. The chicken schwarma was excellent, with subtle flavor and a crispy wrap; served "Arab style".  The beef kebabs were tender and well seasoned. Great place for a lunch that doesn't leave you feeling weighed down afterward.
