4	The Liquor Outlet  is a place I have always passed as I drive around town. One day awhile back I was on mission to find Skyy Cherry. I searched  other liquor stores, even grocery and casino liquors stores with no luck. (later found out the distributor was out for 2 weeks)  I stopped in to The Liquor Outlet to see if they had any. I felt like I hit the jack pot. They had 5 bottles. I purchased them all.  The pricing and selection is similar to Lee's. The workers here are so much more friendly/ helpful and welcoming than the Lee's down the street. Whenever I am on a mission to pick up more liquor (quite often) or am searching for something specific I can't seem to find at Total  Wine or the usual suspects I come here. I have found out of season gift packs here,  and items I am looking for  on several occasions. This isn't my go to store but the friendly employees, the decent selection and the luck Ive had finding certain items keep me checking back from time to time.  I'm glad I didn't keep the  name  I'm not familiar with keep me away from the Liquor Outlet. They are open late and if you too are looking for something you can't seem to find, try looking here, I've had luck and I hope you would too.
5	Great customer service , great prices. They have every drink you can name. They even had my favorite wine Gewurztraminer. Nice German white wine
1	Worst store ever!!! Puts expired wines on the shelf and will not refund. Four out of the five bottles of wine I bought in there have been no good.  The last one was so old the cork wouldn't even come out of it. I think they left it in the sun. Will never go back!!!
5	All I can say is "Robert you are one cool ass dude." Need to know what's the best alcohol to mix a drink? Call Robert. Want to stock your home bar but not sure what to get? Ask Robert. This man knows his products. Funny, personable & professional. I'll swing by here each time I breeze through town.
1	Today at around 3:30 PM, i walked into this store where they were about 10 partons in the store. One of the clerks said "Hi, hows it going today", i said 'fine, but i'm about to get busy'. He notices my recently rescued puppy sitting in my car. He then yells out that he can see the heat rising over my dog's head, then this clerk says he (or someone) is going to break out my car windows"??? I replied 'that i'm going to break you" and some other words if he does that. By then i'm angry, or maybe embarrassed, since my car windows were down ...and i had a friend in the car with her, as well, and i'm only in that store for maybe 5 minutes. I'm angry because this is the 2nd time this clerk has made a comment that's pretty hostile about my dog, so this time i wanted to talk to him about how this makes me feel. The other clerk,  Robert Vassos, then begins to YELL at the top of his voice at me about wanting to address this clerk (all i said to that clerk was "you hurt my feelings") while he pushes him away, he's telling me to leave the store,, don't come back and a few other nasty words. I remained calm but i flipped him off and licked my tongue out at him (i know, very childish) with a smile on my face as i exited the store, not sure what else i said before that moment. He thens runs behind me yelling out the door "screw you and your dog!!"??  I flipped him off again, something i NEVER, EVER do, even in traffic, or at anyone, for that matter but i needed to fight back at this point since both of them had become hostile towards me by then?? I'm a 4th generation Nevadan Grandpa worked on Boulder Dam, my dad owned packaged liquors in the Midwest after his years as a professional football player. I've never seen such crazy hostile reactions being it was their clerk that started this with me by making threats about vandalizing my car when i walked into their store? The reasons i became so concerned now was that the other many patrons might decide to attack me or my car, thinking i was doing what he had accused me of doing to my puppy?? I'm a hybrid driving vegan that lives a sustainable lifestyle but i dont run around in grocery stores YELLING at customers because they choose to eat meat or drive gas guzzling cars,, yet this clerk is yelling at me about my furrychild based on paranoid delusions??  In the past, all the other clerks have been extremely nice but this clerk needs reevaluation and should keep his hostile, paranoid thoughts to himself; that manager needs anger management before he hurts someone. thank you!
