4	This review is based solely on the phone customer service I received. I am leaving the country for a year and it is my job to figure out how to take the largest amount of my possessions with me with the smallest amount of room. This means only one thing - compression sacs. I called to find out if they sold them and luckily they did. Right off the bat I was saved from jumping in my car because he said that he was receiving a new shipment on Tuesday. This meant that these compression bags work and that people buy them and don't return them. I was even offered to come to the store and play with them, (ie. bring my ridiculous down jacket or use the items they have in the store.) For the compression sacs, prices range from $8 - $15 and $20 for a combo set. He even gave me the website to the maker of the bags so I can watch the video demos. I'll update when I go in later this week and play with the bags. I'll be looking at their selection of suitcases as well!
1	The guy in here sold me the wrong electrical adapters for South Africa. Had to buy different ones in Cape Town.  In addition, they park their stupid suitcase-laden car in the best space right in front of the store.
1	I never went inside the store after driving there. I had to park more than halfway down the huge parking lot and when I got near the entrance here was a car parked right in front of the business with signs on it advertising their suitcase business. It would seem only logical that the spaces near the store would be best used by potential customers. I won't return.
1	I don't believe for a moment that anyone complimented this business for being so inconsiderate by parking their own car in a prime spot in a parking spot directly in front of the store they operate to get free advertising.
5	Stuart Fixed up my wife and showed extreme patience in the process. Great luggage reasonable prices easy easy easy
5	Stuart really helped me in choosing the perfect luggage for my frequent business travel. He was never pushy, but took the time to listen to my needs and give me options for meeting them. Two years after making my purchase, I am glad I went with his recommendations and would highly recommend that others give this shop a try.  I know I wouldn't have done as well in a larger store without the expert help Stuart provided.  The personalized service really made the difference for me in making the right purchase.
