4	I love getting facials, but it can get expensive and time consuming.  I have had facials at JW Marriott, Green Valley Ranch Spa, Red Rock Station Spa, and Scandals Salon.   My favorite is probably GVR Spa, but the cost of a facial has gone up quite a bit.  The day spa is always a real treat and something that I would splurge on every few months.  But, time is something that I just don't have a lot of these days and cutting expenses like spa days is just a reality.  I saw an ad for Facelogic and decided to go check it out, since it had been quite awhile since my last facial.  The $49 price point sucked me in.  I was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience.  They served me tea while I waited for them to take me back.  In the back area, the spa music and smell of a spa was very calming.  The give you a robe to change into and you lay back into this very comfortable reclining chair.  Nicole, my esthetician was very thorough and knowledgeable about the products and my skin type.  She gave me one of the best facials I've ever had, which included a hand and neck massage.  I signed up to become a member, so now I can have a facial every month right after work.  It is something I look forward to and don't have to set a whole day aside to get the same outcome.  Also, as a member I get discounts on my elite facials and lots of other benefits.  I couldn't be happier about this great find!
5	In anticipation for my trip to Las Vegas, I found a great deal on groupon for this place.  Upon my visit, the staff greeted my girlfriend and I very cordially.  We were offered tea and water and then proceeded to the back of the space to get our facials.  The facial was stupendous as was my esthetician with whom I engaged in a very pleasant conversation.  She seemed genuinely interested in me and offered some great skin tips for preventing aging. My hour facial was awesome and the facility even called a cab for us. The staff make this place a warm, inviting, and darnright pleasurable experience.  I didn't expect that from a franchise but wow !You wouldn't imagine the great impression this place made on me upon my way home, about a week after visting Las Vegas, when I received a thank you note wishing me a safe trip and a thank you for visiting.  I do believe I will plan a return visit to Facelogic during any time I spend in Las Vegas.
5	I have a monthly membership to FaceLogic because I value affordable skincare.  Each month, I enjoy the benefits of skincare consultation and my routine facial treatments.  The staff is always friendly and professional, and it is such a treat to be pampered by my aesthetician.  I have seen such a difference in my complexion and an improvement in my skin tone.  I highly recommend FaceLogic Spa to anyone in search of relaxation, renewal, and refreshment for their skin.
5	About a year ago, a friend of mine told me about Face logic.  She had the monthly membership and kept raving about it.  So, I finally went. What a great experience.  So much so, I bought the monthly pass.  It is a highlight every month.  I go to Nicole, and love her.  But, I must say, I hear all of them are great.  People always tell me how great my skin looks.  The front desk is always smiling and happy to see you when you walk in.  They carry a wide range of facial products as well.  But they don't make you feel pressured into buying them.  (which is quite different from most salons in this town.)  Love Facelogic!!!
5	I have been getting monthly facials for over five years, and in that time I have had many different experiences, in tons of different spa's and salon's.  I happened upon Facelogic Spa and haven't missed an appointment or had the urge to try anyone else in nearly a year.  Danette's facials are highly addictive and an essential part of my skin care routine, also her shoulder massages are to die for .. so relaxing.  The vibe is always calm, friendly and extremely personable, while the membership set-up makes it all so convenient.  Love my facial spa!!
5	You don't have to sign up to be a member for monthly facials and the reception staff do not pressure you to join.  I came in for infrequent facials and facial waxing for almost a year before joining.  I joined when the Elite facial membership price came down to just $69 a month -- you can't beat that.  I like being called by name the moment I walk in the door -- and this was also occurring before I was a member.  Very friendly, low-pressure environment.  They have an organic skin care line available (Eminence) for facials which I prefer.   It's not as private as a day spa (you're separated by walls that do not extend to the ceiling and a curtain to the main hallway) which saves you money but as long as the other guests respect the ambience by keeping their voices down, you don't notice.  You go here for skin care and a bit of relaxation -- you don't get the bells and whistles of a day spa, but you don't have to pay for them, either.  As another reviewer points out, you don't have to devote hours to enjoy this experience.  I signed up because of the staff (Jordan as my esthetician and Leia at the front desk) and products. I very much enjoy this business.
5	This place is great! They helped us out a lot today. Another place cancelled on a birthday party of six girls (the evening prior to the party) We called Face Logic and they arranged their schedule and got all the girls in for a facial and makeup. Great job on all services, very friendly and professional from the moment we called them to the end of the services.  My daughter is happy and we will be back. Thanks!!
4	Not quite the spa experience I was expecting but still a wonderful way to spend an hour of my day.The receptionist was very nice and offered me something to drink.  Then my aesthetician came out and took me back.  I was expecting more room back there but it was just room, with 6 work areas, 3 on each side.  The areas were separated by a wall and separated from the main walk area by a curtain.  I was worried about having to hear other people talk.  For the most part, I didn't hear anything except toward the end.  A client came in and she was loud.  I just wish someone pointed to her that we were suppose to be whispering, as the sign on the wall says.Anyway, I was given a towel dress thing to change into and asked to sit in a chair.  This chair then is pushed back so I'm lying down on my back.  It's pretty cool and quite comfy.  The facial was good and the extraction didn't hurt nearly as badly as I've had it - so that's a plus.Would definitely come here again for a quick and easy facial. But I still prefer my own room for a facial. :)
4	I wanted to get a facial today and I've heard a lot about this place. The aesthetician was very friendly and the front desk was very accommodating. I was a little late because I got lost ,but i ended up getting my full time because I guess my aesthetician went over. My aesthetician name was Danette and she was really friendly and easy to talk to. The price was awesome and for being a membership location the girls weren't pushy at all. I also bought this awesome smelling body butter and i cant wait to use it! The only drawbacks I saw were the facial "rooms" were not really rooms they were like sectioned off parts of one big room there was no door just a curtain and the side walls didn't even extend all the way up. Also there wasn't a lot of products there, they had this awesome smelling La Luscious scent that was brown sugar and vanilla but they only carried the scrub not the body butter ,but the other scents had body butters. Still the whole experience was very nice and i wouldn't mind returning again
5	I have been getting monthly facials at Facelogic for about a year now...and cannot tell you how awesome they are!  My girl Leah is the best... Since I have been going, my skin has improved. I love treating myself every month... Its the best.. They not only do the facial, but you get a little massage!  When I am having problem areas, she makes suggestions, but you don't feel pressure to "upgrade"...  Every month I look forward to my facial!!!
5	My friend and I decided to cash in on the recent Groupon deal while we were in Vegas to get one of Facelogic's elite facials.  Such a wonderful experience! As a facial virgin I wasn't sure how I'd like the experience, especially the massage part, but Leah (my aesthetician) was awesome.  She made me feel comfortable and a few minutes into the process I was super relaxed and happy my friend and I decided to do this.  After spending days and nights out on the strip and in noisy casinos it was a nice, peaceful break from it all.  I'd definitely return to this location next time I'm in Vegas and looking for Facelogic's that are closer to my home.
3	I won a free eyebrow or lip waxing a while back so decided to use it the past Wednesday.  I called and was told that I can drop by now, even though my appt was for 2:30pm.  I was quite excited since the earlier, the better.When I arrived, I was greeted by the gals there.  One of the esthetician took me to the back room but before doing so, made sure that my phone is on silent.  The reclining chair that I sat on was very comfy.  She used hard wax on my brow area and it wasn't painful. After she was done, she handed me a mirror to look at my brows.  Because lighting isn't that great, I thought they looked fine.  I wish I could say the same when I looked at my eyebrows when I got home because I was very disappointed.  If it takes more than 5 minutes to clean up your brows, that's not a good sign.   I had to pluck and cut my brows to shape them.  I don't believe I will get an eyebrow wax ever again.  I am going to stick with threading.  I have received facial here before and enjoyed it though.  Also, customer service is great, the gals there are wonderful.
5	I absolutely love Facelogic Spa!! Marie is THE ABSOLUTE BEST!!! She is friendly, knowledgable, and treats you like the queen you are ;) She gives a fantastic facial and massage and leaves your skin looking AMAZING!!!
5	Life and work can get darn right stressful at times and what better way to unwind and  relax than getting "the works" of a facial. I've been a member for a year now and although it's been difficult to get myself to come here every month... I do look forward to it when I can. To be honest, I never really cared to treat myself to any spa treatments or should I say pamper until a year ago. Always been busy working or occupying my time on other things, but myself. So now, things are different and I do stop to smell the orchids sometimes. Everybody needs to take some timeout to do something nice for themselves... it's not selfish.. it's being self nurturing. You could only care for someone, if you care about yourself. So this is where my journey begins in loving myself... ;)The receptionist always greets me by name with a warm smile & asks me if I would like to have some water to drink. Also Leah, my Esthetician whom I try to request every time I book a facial.. awaits for me as I walk in with a friendly hello and always ask how I'm doing. She takes me through another door, where all the facial rooms are lined up. I would say four on each side & they are divided by walls, but all the rooms are disclosed by a curtain. At first, I wasn't impressed by this, but the facial itself completely made me forget about it. You change into this soft cotton robe that you wrap around yourself and sit in a comfy facial chair that inclines back, so you're facing the ceiling. I like that whole maneuver than laying yourself straight down. It was so comfortable having my legs bent in a 90 degree angle that I wanted one at home! My membership includes one Elite Facial per month and if I didn't use it for that month... it rolls over to the next month and it keeps adding up until I use them. You can also use your facials for your friends and family members if you decide to give them away as gifts. I have a few facials I haven't been able to use yet, so I take my parents to get pampered when they have time. My facial starts out with a Skin Analysis and Leah always ask how my skin is doing and if anything improved or have any concerns or questions for her. She looks at the condition of my skin and puts together all the products that would work best on my visit for that day. Sometimes she would give me an option and I'll let her know what I would like between the two. She's very considerate and looks out for what will help my breakouts and blemishes. Today, I actually wanted to know exactly what she was putting on and using versus my usual just sit and enjoy. I was more attuned with my skin knowing the ingredients that is used and the benefits of it. Leah explained each step and was very informative on why certain regimens are important like drinking enough water to do extractions the next day to not having so much stress, that many don't think about in the cause of breakouts. And of course my horrible picking habit that I do try to tame by cutting all my nails short. She definitely knows when I've been picking.. always caught red handed, but I admit to it every time! :P The quick rundown: 2 cleanses, exfoliation, arm and hand massage, steam, extractions, mask, facial massage, then serum, moisturizer, spf, and lip balm. In between cleansing, exfoliation, mask, and facial massage.. she used cotton aesthetic wipes and steamed towel to remove the products on my face. The Elite Facial I received this visit was Eminence Stone Crop Facial. LOVEloveloved this!!! I loved it so much I actually bought the mask, toner, and exfoliant from Eminence. I loved the smell of the ingredients and my skin looked radiant.. Sold me. In the past, I didn't like Eminence products, but after experiencing this Elite Facial from Leah... I gave in to trying it out, one more time. One of the best facials & pampering I ever had. Leah's technique in the movements of her fingers as it glided on my face and neck was like watching your favorite ballet with your eyes closed. Every step she did in the facial was so exciting to me. There was a part where she added Jalepeno to my exfoliant and WOW!!! It ignited a nice warm bonfire on my face... felt so good!!! Think hot sauce left on your lips, but after a few seconds or so.. it slowly goes away and it just feels minty fresh! I loved it. And for the mask, she added a wet thin cloth over it And then a warm steam towel on top of everything!!! OMG..... That felt Aaaamazing. I was saying Awwwwwwww all the way through that experience. I felt like I was in paradise and all was missing was me sippin' on my Mai Tai :P Located in the Blue Diamond Crossing shopping center.. Near the back by an Allstate Insurance store & LA Boxing. There's also a nearby Goodwill truck that accepts donations all the way until 8:50p.m.!!!  The front lobby is always looking so clean & organized. They sell great skincare products like Peter Thomas Roth, MD Skincare, & Eminence. Glominerals & Sue Devitt are the makeup lines they carry. ENJOY!
5	I have had facials and waxing from Marie De Pirro from Face Logic several times. I have been very happy with each treatment and will continue to return to her. She is friendly and professional. Her work is great and her face and scalp massages are amazing! I would certainly refer anyone I know to her!
5	I discovered this place because I was having major issues with breakouts. After my first facial experience here, I made Facelogic a monthly routine treat for me. I was able to feel and see the difference in my face with my first couple of visits. I've been with Facelogic for over a year now.I also have to comment on the overall experience of being within this spa. From the people to the ambiance it brings a "zen" and "at peace" feeling from within. My visits are part of my "Tasha time". A moment for me and it literally is. Love it and definitely recommend it! Leah is my go-to girl and I have never been displeased with her work! She's amazing. Facelogic is amazing.
4	I was in desperate need of a facial but I wanted one NOW and really didn't have time for the typical all out spa experience.  Facelogic is one the many spa-in-a-boxes that a popping up all over but honestly, if you just are interested in the treatment itself aka  the "facial but not the spa experience it's definitely a good place to check out.The waiting area was also the reception area, light with modern furniture but very much focused on the retail end.  The spa area itself was very quiet despite being a series of cubicles with curtains drawn across the front.  While getting your facial you are placed into essentially a high class recliner and leaned back, while I strongly prefer a table it actually wasn't bad.  My esthetician, Jordan, did a good job.  The facial itself was fine, I just went for their Signature facial which was nice, basic but nothing to rave about.  However, Jordan did light acupressure on my face at the end my ultimate weakness -- definitely bumped the facial from "ehhh, sufficient but nothing special to aaaaahhh relaxation".  While I wouldn't make it a point to go out of my way to this location for another facial if you're in the area and need a quickie face fix, I definitely recommend.
5	What a great treat to get a facial here.  The zero gravity chair is an amazing way to force your body to go to relaxation mode.  The products they use smell heavenly.  The massage and scents sends you to a different, tranquil world.  After a facial here, people at work keep asking me if I got new makeup.  No, I just got a facial at Facelogic.
5	My GF took me here for the first time almost 3 years ago before I decided to move to LV. Without having many facial experiences I thought it was good and noticed my acne calmed down shortly after the facial. I had major acne issues when I was a teen and after I moved here the problem came back which resulted in flare ups a couple times a month. I've been to a derm when I was a teen who prescribed antibiotics and topicals... they never really worked and my acne eventually went away as I reached my early 20's.Fast forward 1 year..... I've moved to Vegas and signed up for the Elite Facials membership. I got facials from a few different aestheticians who were all great..... and then I met DANETTE! Her techniques and recommendations work extremely well for my skin. She's able to recommend the perfect facial for my skin each time and effectively eliminate my problem areas. MY ACNE IS COMPLETELY GONE. I get an occasional whitehead around my chin area only because I plant my head on my hand when I'm sitting down at my work.... it's the "thinking mode" pose. Danette has surprised me a few times like the time she noticed how dry my hands are. She put some moisturizer on my hands then placed them inside plastic gloves which were then placed inside heated oven mitt lookin' things. They stayed on the length of my facial and I noticed how much softer my hands were hours after I left. The GF really appreciated this. Danette has a really good feel of what mood I'm in and will adjust the experience based on this. She's a true pro with a lot of experience. Because of this, I've started seeing her every 2 weeks on a consistent basis. I get a reminder call from the extremely friendly and accommodating staff a couple days before my appointment. They have some really quality/rare products for sale around the reception area. I try to buy something new each visit for the GF or myself. Try the Lalicious Sugar Reef Body Butter and scrub.... stuff smells super good and the body butter is a great moisturizer... not too oily. I just picked up the Haken pomegranate twist lotion for my ashy self. It was cheaper here than on Haken's site..... worrrrrrd?!!?!?!I rave about this place when I can because of what it's done for my skin. If you look good, you feel good, and if you feel good, you do good.... or well.
5	This place is really awesome I would really recommend to you guys Ms Danette she is a very good esthetician she will really give what your skin needs and have a very relaxing touch...I will surely come back here next time... Thank you so much Ms Danette. I love the ambiance here very relaxing...
5	I've never really reviewed a spa experience before, but I figured this one is worth talking about.   Recently, came back from a mini Vegas vacation and during the trip I decided to get a little treat.   I was in dire need of some pampering and I decided to go for a facial.   My first choice was to look up the spa in the hotel we're staying in.  Oops, never mind... starting at $200 for a basic facial? Oi!  Maybe if I robbed a bank or won some millions in a slot machine it wouldn't be a question.   But I had to stick to my budget so, my next choice was to look up a place off the strip.   I found a legit place called Facelogic.  Just 15 mins away from Palazzo it's a small place, but the necessary details were there to fulfill your relaxing spa experience.   What's on the list? Peace and tranquility, check! Clean space, check! Cute and well managed bathroom, check! Aromatherapy as soon as you walk in the door, check! But wait, even if my experience was beyond my expectations, I just want to mention that their prices on their website was subject to change depending on the branch you go to.  Introductory regular facial for $50 or the elite facial for $80, but you may end up paying a bit more when you get to the counter.    Came in with no appointment on a Friday around noon and they arranged me for one later that afternoon.    They informed me that I can ask my esthetician Leah for a recommendation as far as which choice would serve me best.   When I came back, everything was set up and all I had to do was walk-in, change into a comfy body wrap, and sit on a nice full chair in which Leah asked me as she was tilting it back to find my comfortable position.   My esthetician customized a pregnant friendly facial using the Eminence line which was quite refreshing.  Their technique and customer approach was pretty amazing... making me wish that they had a branch near me.  Overall, I got my 60 min service plus a free (yes free) eye brow shaping because of my yelp check in.  That I know is a great deal, it normally costs $25 and to get it for free by just checking in was just a nice topping to the entire experience.
5	I was given a groupon for a one hour facial and upper body massage as a gift for Facelogic. When I got there, I checked in on my yelp app, and a coupon for a free brow waxing popped up. They let me redeem it to use with my groupon with no problem, which was great! I've only had one other facial in my life so I don't have much to compare this one with, but it was a good experience. Jackie did my facial and she was sweet, professional, knowledgable & had great recommendations for my skin. The staff were all friendly, the atmosphere was dim, quiet and relaxing. I really enjoyed my time here and will probably come bak in the future.
4	Came here for a facial last week, I had a great experience. I unfortunately have problematic skin and my Esthetician provided me a great facial to eliminate all problems. She also suggested I purchase some items from the salon to use at home. The facial was very relaxing and painful, as all facials should be! For only $180 I left very satisfied. I suggest this place highly.
1	Never sign a contract with these rip off artist! They put in the fine print on the back of the 6 month or 1 year contract that the monthly facial charge will then go month to month and they keep charging your card until you write or come by and sign a form to discontinue. What a load of crap. Rachel, the manager, was of no help whatsoever.
5	This is a wonderful place to get a facial if you are not planning to spend a whole day at the spa.  The chairs you sit on are so comfortable.  Jackie did my facial and she is the best that I have had so far.  She answered all my questions about my skin and even educated me on other things I didn't even think about.  She really paid attention to what I had to say because at the end she showed me some Organic Skin products that I was interested in.  I also got a free eyebrow wax for checking in so that was awesome!  Jackie did this as well and showed me what I had to do to get the eyebrows I wanted.
4	I love this place!  I bought a Groupon for their Elite facial, with an additional lip treatment. Danette customized my facial, using the Eminence line of products. Their monthly membership fees are quite reasonable, and I loved having an hour "away" to relax and have a treatment.  It's perfect for folks who have busy lives and don't have time for or even particularly enjoy a full-day spa experience.  I can't wait for next month's facial!
5	I had a microderm and facial with Danette Holub this afternoon and still feel like I'm floating on clouds!!  I have been going to Danette for a few years and although I don't go often enough, she gives a great facial with neck, shoulders, arms and hand massage as an extra treat!!  Wish I could lay there and dose off, it is that relaxing.  Thanks Danette
4	Bought a Groupon for a facial for the wifey and surprised her with a trip to Facelogic.  She came out glowing, relaxed and happy.  That is hands down a winner for me.Happy wife = happy life.  'Nuff said.
5	Danette has magic hands. The Queen of Extractions she definitely knows what she is doing. I was lucky enough to have my appointment with her this evening and I will definitely be back again. I've had a few facials in the past and I do have some minor problems with my skin but Danette and her thoroughness and skill brought my skin back to life. Now she isn't called the queen of extractions for nothing,  if you have blackheads she will find them and go all Marie Antoinette and behead them from your face. The pain is tolerable especially because her massage definitely makes up for it, I almost fell asleep from the relaxation!! What a great way to start my week, Danette you will be seeing me again soon! Thank you Danette and Facelogic for the amazing service! :D
3	I bought the Signature Facial with Microderm on Groupon to check this place out. FYI you will not have your own room for the facial, they will be done in one small room with fabric dividers (like when you go to a cosmetology school). I happened to go at a slow time of day so it was no problem for me, however it might be a bit distracting if it was busier. The area was nice and clean though. I think my facial was just fine, but I must say I have had better at other salons. I checked out my face when I got home and I saw several problem areas that were not extracted! So that bummed me out a bit. Also they used hot towels instead of a steam machine which didn't feel like it opened up my pores quite enough. I think I'd go back on another Groupon because it was not a bad place... just not a great one. If you're looking for more of a "spa" experience pick a different salon, but for monthly facials at $50 with a 12 month commitment, this place is not bad.
4	I took a gamble and won with a groupon purchase!!!! danette was AWESOME.  she was detailed and really did everything i would expect form my home estatician plus MORE!  i appreciate her product knowledge and suggestions.  I look forward to returning next month for another elite facial and micro
5	First experience with facelogic today, and most definitely not my last!  The receptionist, Melissa was very sweet and got me in much earlier than I anticipated. I got the microdermabrasion facial by Dannette. Oh my goodness-heaven!!!!  She was so kind and knows skin!  Even though my facial was only 50 minutes, I didn't feel rushed by her work.  I loved the organic products and plan to start buying all of them!  Before I left the chair, I was already planning my next facial. To top off my experience, I checked in on yelp, and received a full size glo-minerals gloss that I love-score!!!!!  Thank you to Dannette, Melissa, and facelogic for making my day "glow"!!!
5	Just got an awesome facial & microdermabrasion by Jackie. Highly recommend. Receptionist very friendly as well.
4	I had a groupon for a 50 minute facial.  The lobby is very nice and the lady at the front is very friendly.  My facial was excellent.  The only complaint I would have is that they don't have private rooms.  It is one big room with cubicles divided by sheets.  I could hear others talking and the door into the area constantly opening and closing.  It throws off the relaxation vibe a bit.
5	This was my second time going to the salon - I bought another Groupon deal, as I was pleased with the results the first time around when I saw Kathleen. I saw Danette this time and she was a real pro. She was meticulous and thorough and I give her 5 stars. At her advice I also bought a trial kit of the medical grade skin care called Advanced Rejuvenating Concepts which I am pleased with, though I do not think it will last me for 3 mos as I was told (some containers did not seem to be 100% full). Never mind, my skin looks great and I will go to see her again.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. I have been seeing Danette for monthly facials and she has transformed my skin. I receive compliments all the time on how great my skin looks. Danette is amazing when it comes to suggesting different treatments and products that will improve my skin and has introduced me to some great products they carry in the spa that I have purchased and used at home and have loved the results. She gives the most relaxing massages too. Melissa the receptionist is such a sweetie. She always greets me with a smile and offers a refreshment before my appointment.I signed up for their monthly auto debit program to receive discounts on facials and products and to ensure that I get a little me time once a month. Do yourself a favor and get a facial here with Danette. You will love the results!
5	My boyfriend bought me a facial here about 4 years ago for my birthday and I've been a member ever since!  Living in Vegas' dry climate, this place has been a god-sent!  I have sensitive dry skin and my gal Deanette, who I recommend you all must go too, always is able to select the facials that most benefit me.  I get compliments on my skin quite bit, which I didn't think would happen just from a monthly facial!  Deanette also gives the best shoulder/facial massages, and she's always looking for ways to better your facial experience (mitten warmers/feet warmers)!  I'd highly recommend Facelogic over any of the high-priced spas located on the strip.  For $49 for your first signature facial, you can't go wrong!
5	The first time I had a facial was a long time ago and it wasn't a good experience. I've never had one after that until now. I found Facelogic through Yelp and I'm happy I did. My first appointment was with Leah and she is very knowledgeable and friendly. I ended up getting a membership here and have no regrets. Thank you Leah and Facelogic!
5	I had such a nice facial experience here! Leah was so nice and i'm totally coming back and getting a facial from her. She gave me good advice on what I should do from now on with my face and plus her hands were really gentle. My skin feels good now haha!
5	I love face logic. The staff is always super nice and helpful. But I had my 1st facial with Danette today and I was super excited for this. I read her reviews on yelp and waited awhile to get in with her because of our different schedules.She was definitely worth the wait. She lives up to her name "The Extraction Queen" and extracted everything I needed her to get out. On top of that she gives an amazing face massage and shoulder and arm massage, I was so relaxed. I recommend getting a facial with Danette especially if you have oily skin and clogged pores like mine. She is beyond amazing, I already booked my next appointment with her. I also recommend getting a membership because you really so save money even if you are only getting one facial a month. The pricing is great, no money down for the membership and you can cancel at anytime. The membership is def a steal!!! :)
5	I love this place ever since I first tried it out with Groupon. Not to mention the reclining chairs they have are very comfy. I've been going here for a year now and I always go to Kathlene. She always take care of me and what my skin needs especially when it's breaking out. I signed up for the Elite facials which works best for me so that Kathlene can set up my facial on how my skin is doing per visit instead of the same facial every time. She's gentle and always lets me know what she's going to do with my face. Their facial products, Eminence which is organic, has got me hooked on their moisturizer. This place is at a great location too! It's on the shopping area near Target and Kohl's with great food choices as well!
5	Luxurious facials at a fraction of the cost? What could be better than that? I've done everything here from chemical peels to just most recently a microdermabrasion, and my skin has never been better. The products they use all smell great (which is a very important thing to me), and they even give you a discount on the products they use if you wish to buy them (for members only of course). I visit this place at least once a month and it is a vital part of my beauty regimen.
4	Recently stumbled across this gem online while searching for a place for a thorough facial. So glad I found Facelogic, went for the first time a couple weeks ago and was very happy with my experience. 4 stars simply because the 2 eminence products I wanted were not in stock!! Which sucked...but overall I would def suggest this place to anyone who loves a good facial. The membership is a great plus also, especially the no hassle process of it all. MAKE AN APPT, THANK ME LATER!!!  ;)
4	Amber did my facial, she was very informed and did a great job, my skin looks great, I did have to tell her to do more extractions, on my nose, because I do them at home with an extractor I know they are there, she happily accommodated.  Very pleased I will go back.
5	Love this place. I had the Blue Agave facial with chemical peel thanks to a Groupon and it was excellent. Amber was really great and even recommended some home care to help my results. I loved it so I signed up for a membership. Its a really great deal and a relaxing experience. Plus my skin feels amazing!
5	Before I do a review I always have the spa/facial experience twice to make sure it wasn't just an off day. I have had a great experience with Amber and will continue to see her. She assessed my skin and gave me the right treatment combination for my skin. The staff is friendly and accommodating. Definitely, definitely coming here once a month! Love it!
4	Love this place! Situated in the Target shopping complex on Blue Diamond Rd. Kathlene is the super star in this place. She's just awesome. I love that they use eminence products...organic stuff from Hungary. The membership package is also great compared to the old set up. I love that you are able to share/give your monthly credit for a facial to a friend or family member if you wish. No transfer fee unlike Massage Envy who charges $10. When looking for a facial place not inside a hotel or resort facelogic is the place to be!
3	The first two visits worked out excellent and then on it was ever hard to get a time, a day or the type of facial you wanted. The front desk always said sorry we are booked two weeks out. The promo was reasonable but the price accelerates on the following visits. So from a promo of $39 or $59 it jumps to $120+. Plus fgetting the therapist I wanted that worked on me the first time is almost impossible. I was excited I found a great place but all the following attempts to get in turned me off. I referred my husband and my son to them initially. The way they deal with things coldly on the front turns you off.
