3	Is it possible (or relevant) to review potential? I get the impression that like much of central Phoenix, this hotel is in a state of long-term renovation. When it's finished, things could/will be pretty nice.First impressions-- a sign visible from the street would be nice. The hotel is located on a poorly lit side street with a temporary banner/sign that you cannot see until you get to the hotel driveway. If you are arriving at night and need a landmark, just look for the adult bookstore sign and turn into the street that looks more like the alleyway behind the bookstore.The parking structure is oddly arranged; the closest parking is chained off and the remaining spaces leave you with a wierd vibe, like "...do I really want to risk leaving my vehicle here overnight?" My room was nice and spacious, and it had the sleep number bed that Juan L. mentioned in his review. Free high speed internet was a nice touch. Housekeeping must have been messing with me, taunting my OCD vulnerabilities-- 1 complimentary bottle of water, 1 face towel, 2 hand towels, and 3 bath towels. WTF??The pools looked nice, with the faux boulder treatment, but strong chlorine smell kept me away. The gym looked decent, but was always closed by the time I got back to the hotel each day.The potential part:FEZ is just a short walk to Central Avenue if you cut across the parking lot of the high rise office tower in front of the hotel. Right now, it seems a bit sketchy at night but worth the risk for some decent food. I expect this will be a bit better in the future.The light rail (when finished) will open up access to a lot of the area. Right now, FEZ, Durant's, and Honey Bear bbq are among place I visited within walking distance, as is the Heard Museum and the Phoenix Public Library.I would visit again to see if the hotel (and the area) grows into its potential.
4	My friends and I stayed here for our weekend trip to Phoenix.Service was great. The staff was very attentive and we appreciated that.ROOM:- They have SLEEP NUMBER beds. HOW AWESOME IS THAT? - FREE WI-FI, this is very important; especially when you have to YELP to find things to do in Phoenix.- Bathroom was roomy and clean enough for me. POOL/OUTSIDE:- The POOLS were great. They have one on the 5th floor & two on the ground floor. It was unfortunate that the waterfalls weren't turned on to make it even more pretty; and there may have been too much shade and not enough lounge area in the sun. However, we were able to swim as late as we wanted to because they don't lock the gates on the ground floor pools. - LOTS of seating area in the courtyard. The bathrooms were decent in the pool area as well; they also have a volleyball net and playground for the little kids. Everything was well kept. RESTAURANT/BAR:I believe it is essential for any successful hotel to have a restaurant AND a bar in their lobby. My friend and I had a burger and a sandwich from the restaurant and it was amazingly good. The bartender was definitely nice to us (especially since we were all from California AND we were rooting for the Bulls during the Celtics/Bulls GAME 6). Our end tab was unbelievable, especially since we ordered LOTS to drink. Get the margaritas on the rocks- he does a fantastic job. The actual location of the hotel is pretty interesting. There is a porn store right across the street. It is also right next door to the Holiday Inn. The Radisson sign is TINY, so you might drive right past it.
2	So, the hotel is fairly nice, the thieves that work there, not so good.  Like so many reviews, this one highlights a single bad experience.  I have to first say that in general this hotel is a good value for the money.   I would stay here again, especially given some of the other sad options in the area.  My bad experience:  I left a  wonderful sonicare toothbrush and set of very important prescription (blood pressure - no thing fancy like Michael Jackson) in the room when I checked out.  My bad.  I called hours after I left.  The clerk said he would check on the status of my items and call back.  No call back.  I returned to the hotel that evening before my flight out...  The clerk let me into my room (no one else had checked in yet), my possessions were not there.  I spoke to the clerk on the way out, they said they would check with housekeeping in the morning and call me.  No call back.  I came back and spoke to management the next week, upon my return to phoenix (stayed at the hotel again).  I was told by the clerk she would check with management and call me back (the third time they promised to call), NO CALL BACK!  I checked with management the next morning, they were aware of my situation, had checked with the housekeeping supervisor, and had no information, and no one had turned in my stuff.  Very sad customer experience.  I hope some housekeeper out there is enjoying my sonicare toothbrush  - eww yuk.That said, had I not had the one bad experience, I would recommend this place, so hold onto your stuff, and if everything goes ok, you'll have a great stay.
1	Abysmal and outdated accommodations, weak service and completely overpriced. Massive fail.
4	We recently used the Radisson to host our small wedding. The hotel is very hard to find behind a Holiday Inn with a very small dark sign on the corner. Parking is a bit tight, for some strange reason half of the parking garage is roped off, but once we actually made it into the property we had a very pleasant stay. We arrived late in the evening and had a fast, pleasant check in. The hotel  comp'd us a 1 bedroom suite. The suite had 1 king bedroom with a small sitting room with a  microwave and a small refrigerator.  Small but clean, updated and efficient. Our guests that wanted to stay received a special $59 rate..great for the time of year. The landscaping was great perfect for our garden wedding ceremony that isn't really showcased on the website.The ground level pool is small but has a wonderful waterfall, the roof top pool is nothing special but there wasn't anyone there so if you are looking for privacy it's the place to be. Children's play area next to ground level pool.There is an adult book store  across the street, but we did not feel unsafe walking to the drug store around the corner after dark. Nice restaurant and outside dining patio on site..a little pricey though. Free use of computer with internet access in the lobby.The hotel and catering staff were all very accommodating. the food was decent and affordable. We would definitely use the Radisson again or recommend to out of town visitors.
2	Room was ok...nothing special. Staff was nice. Parking garage was very spooky! Pools were not impressive to me. There is an adult store right across the street....weird & creepy. Very convenient location but I won't stay here again.
4	Great price, with help of Orbitz.com, good service, clean, nice pool, restaurant a little expensive,closed to everything central!
1	When we arrived the man at the front desk was so unfriendly it actually took me back... I can't remember feeling more unwelcome when I checked in ANYWHERE. The carpets are filthy when you exit the elevator to go to the room... but the worst part was the bartender. We had attended our sister's funeral earlier in the day and on our return to the hotel we decided to go to the bar for a bit to wind down... it was 8:30 pm and the bar was supposed to be open until 10:00 pm. When we walked in the bar, it was obvious the bartender was irritated that we were there. We asked if he was still open because of his body language and he shot back something about "for a little while"... when we were ready for another round he was really irritated, although it was not 10:00 pm yet, and a few other people had wandered in... but what he did next actually made my jaw drop. He turned the rock & roll music up so you couldn't hear each other speak... so my sister motioned to him (nicely) that it was too loud, and asked if he could turn it down (it was BLARING) and he yells "HELLOOOOOOO, you're in a BAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" at her. It was surreal. After that he turned it down. I think he realized he really stepped over the line... and as we were getting up to leave he tried to smooth things over because he was eavesdropping on our conversation about our sister's memorial... he interjected that his sister was some kind of clairvoyant or something weird like that, and added that "there is something beyond this", and hoped that comforted us. All in all, more inappropriate that I could ever even imagine or dream. Checking out was ridiculous. I said I wanted to check out and apparently only the manager can do that. So, we waited and waited and I finally said we didn't have any room charges and they nonchalantly said it was fine then, no need to check out with anyone. It would have been helpful if the useless body behind the counter would have asked if there were any room charges so we didn't waste 10 minutes waiting for the manager. All in all, a poorly run hotel with terrible service.
5	Stayed here again because of the convenience to the light rail. My husband and I along with 2 friends had tickets to the George Strait concert and wanted to not have to fight traffic so we chose the Radisson. Check in was a breeze and the front desk clerk upgraded our rooms to Cabana suites...free of charge. Once again the room was extremely clean and had been recently updated. Brian down in the bar was great for happy hour..and he has a heavy pour. Check out the happy hour specials, they have a list of specialty martinis for $5. We love this location, sure it's off the beaten path and across the street from an adult bookstore but everyone is always friendly and pleasant and the property is taken care of and the best part it's 2 blocks from a light rail station. Catch it and enjoy a concert or sporting event downtown without the hassle or cost of parking.
2	The hotel is set up to be really great, but it just falls flat. When I travel on business, I look for just a few things: free internet, a fitness center, and breakfast if possible. This place had all of the above and was in a good location so I was excited to get a pretty cheap rate through Egencia. But as soon as I got to my room the following happened:--Hallway smelled like smoke--Tried to plug in computer, 2 of 3 outlets did not work--Tried to call to get a wake up call, neither of the phones in my room worked - that's safe!--Upon not being able to get a wakeup call and not wanting to go downstairs at midnight, I tried to set the alarm...--...which did not work either.--There's free internet but the cable on the desk apparently charges you, and the wifi wasn't working very well.--Air conditioning was erratic and I was either sweating or freezing all night  despite it being set at the same temp all night.A few pros:--Continental breakfast was good, had what you would expect--Room was clean--Sleep number bed is nice--Convenient location (despite being across the street from Paradise Adult Store or whatever it's called... gross)If I come back to PHX on biz I'll try somewhere else first.
4	Even though this is a "downtown" hotel it is a great place for families.  Suites called "Cabanas" are located on the roof with a large open patio area, pool and views of the city.  There is also a pool in the main courtyard with rocks and waterfalls.  The playground is good for preschoolers but older kids may get bored.  The buffet breakfast has all the basics kids and adults will like.  Brian the bartender was a nice guy  .Close to many activities like zoo, stadium, museums and light rail.
1	When we first got here they had a big sign saying something like, please take a cookie upon check-in, but there was no cookies.  Everything in this hotel DATED....stains on everything including shower curtain, bedspreads, towels and carpets.   No towels at the pool.  Not worth it .....no matter what the price is.   The signage is horrible.  Try finding the roof deck pool.
2	When we arrived, the only indication of it being the Radisson was a small sign underneath the Holiday Inn sign on the corner of 2nd ave. we passed up the hotel not knowing the name had been changed just the day before Easter so it's now called Phoenix City Center Hotel/Suites.The clerk was not very accommodating and didn't seem very nice. He was nice enough to accommodate our early check in since our flight arrived much earlier in the day and we could not wait until 4  pm. Other than that, he seemed a bit stressed.There's a cookie case on the check in counter with a sign that says, "Please take a cookie after checkin" but there weren't any cookies.The hallways had dirt spots all over it. It just seemed very Dated.The room was decent but small. Either it was small or the furniture was too big for it. They had a desk with a chair that could barely pull out because of the space between the bed and desk. When u push it in, it blocks the walkway. The bathroom was standard although for some reason it did feel like the toilet seat was much lower than the standard seat. The towels were worned out and old. The room included the buffet breakfast which was decent. No waffles but they did have bacon, eggs, toast, etc.Before staying here, make sure to compare to another Radisson as I had much higher expectations because of the reputation the Radisson has. However, after finding out it was no longer Radisson it made a little more sense of why the quality wasn't as good.
3	Now "The Phoenix Place Hotel and Suites)
1	Not really happy with the accommodations, they have seen better days! I don't like sleep number beds and the cleaning staff would come at random times of the day. I wouldn't recommend this hotel.
1	1st day here i decided to take them up on their complimentary breakfast. Sat at a table for 20 min without even being acknowledged. there was only 1 other person in the restaurant area and the man and lady never even said hi let alone ask what i wanted for breakfast. Very poor service. I have 4 more days here and not sure i even want to try it again tomorrow.
1	This is now a Wyndam hotel. It's horrible, horrible, horrible. I made reservations online and when we got here to check in they didn't have us booked in to correct room. They checked us into another room that was supposably better. We walked in and discovered it was missing the fridge, and that the sleep number bed had no remotes. Called front desk and was told that all the rooms didn't have fridges...although ours had the gaping hole where it was suppose to be. Maintenance brought a remote for the bed. Didn't work. Slept our 1st night on a rock hard mattress. This is the host hotel for Phoenix's Coronation and no one is happy. The hotel staff is pretending to be polite, although politeness doesn't matter if you can't fix the problems. After I return home I will be letting  Wyndam corporate know that these issues need to be taken care of.  Everyone from the GM to front desk needs to be replaced with people that know what hospitality is.
