3	This Starbucks location isn't much different than any other Starbucks. The staff here are friendly enough and it's never really been packed anytime I've been there, and I am usually there about 4-5 days a week.The facility is usually pretty clean. The parking situation here isn't the best, but it's not terrible.You can get the same over-priced, mediocre coffee we're all used to here, no problem.
4	I liked the convenience of the drive through. They kind of took their time but other then that they gave me what I asked for and they were nice doing it!
3	STARBUCKS (Part I)Being a quasi-Starbucks junkie pretty much gives me an irrevocable consumer right and reasonable amount of credibility to throw in my $50 worth of opinion.  Why $50? because that's how much my automatic SB gold card reload is worth every month.  I grew up in the PNW, mostly in the Seattle area where Starbucks was born, and where locals, ironically and deliberately avoid Starbucks and patronize other local and smaller coffee shops, where my friends and I frequented Vivace Coffee on Broadway in Capitol Hill.  I didn't turn to Starbucks until after I left the US and was stationed overseas.  It was one of those things I did whenever I felt homesick and wanted to touch base with the motherland and felt the need to re-enforce my being an American. Then, it grew on me. My drink of choice:   (Summer/Spring) Venti Iced Mocha, light whip or (Fall/Winter) Extra Hot Venti Mocha, no whip.  My all time favorite Starbucks has to be the one in Rhodes, Decadence, Greece (my review will be forthcoming).  My least favorite has to be this 24/7 Starbucks with drive Thur.Starbucks is Starbucks wherever you go. You'll get the very same mediocre pricey coffee drink they're famous for, but the only way one sets apart from the other is the degree of customer service, the ambience and the way the general interior areas conducive to enjoying a cup of joe.  As expected in any Starbucks, you will get the customary greetings albeit superficial.  The staff is trained and programmed to say and do that accompanied by their banal smiles and trite perkiness.  Once your order is rung,  you're nothing but a tall, grande or a venti cup of coffee :).  I've spent numerous hours here almost on a daily basis.  I've  come to know some of the regulars and have become oblivious to everything not so good about this place. I have to admit, however,  that sometimes it does get under my skin.  It's like going to a reputable Chinese restaurant where you know and what you only care about is the excellent food, and will keep on coming back despite the fact (and you being fully aware) that "good customer service" is something that is not and will never be on the menu.  The only difference is that I come here not for their excellent drinks but because  of its proximity to where I live (accessibility) and it being open 24/7 (convenience).This Starbucks is, most often than not, packed with students during school seasons btwn noon and midnight (especially towards the evening) who are studying (?) hours on end.  Some with just an order of one drink and multiple free refills of iced water, some bringing with them lunch bags, dinner boxes, veggies in Ziploc bags, bottles of soda pop, munchies and snacks in small plastic containers, or food ordered from nearby restaurants (pizza, rice bowls, wraps), and thermos bottles.  I've seen some bring their blankets, extra sweatshirts, and some even show up in their PJ's.   The campers are pretty much the same faces and same group of students just about every day!. Good luck if you're thinking about coming here during midterms or final exams. This Starbucks is the unofficial library/group study room of the various Las Vegas academes.  Busier than your typical Starbucks, this location's staff (or understaff) gets so busy(overworked), to the point of being overwhelmed, that their bathrooms are hardly checked and cleaned.  And since there are always cramming students camping in, the actual lounge is hardly kept cleaned and kept in order.  More often than not, you'll have to ask and remind the staff that they're out of  tissue paper in the bathroom, or out of napkins, milk or sugar.  I can only assume that they do all their organizing and cleaning up when the flow of customers slows down (during wee hours).  I also noticed how fast their staff turnover is.  It seems like they have new baristas/staff every other month or so (unless they rotate their shifts).  Their wi-fi connection's reliability is mediocre at best. There was even a time when it was literally down for over a month.  The staff knew about it but there were no signs saying that they were having wifi issues, and if you asked the staff,  their response was : "Yeah, we know!".  (it was during those times when I didn't see any campers, and the tables and chairs were for the taking).    Don't get me wrong.  You'll get your drink alright but you have to pay special attention (or literally stand by the pick up counter) or you will never know that your name/order has been called and your drink has been sitting on the counter!  Had they ever gotten my drink wrong?  Yes, on more than one occasion.  Sometimes it didn't bother me and didn't ask for a replacement and sometimes I did (contingent upon my mood, or how busy the barista was).  Besides, the staff can be genuinely friendly and chatty, when not busy.  This may be my least favorite Starbucks and yet it's the one place I always choose to go to and go back to.......over and over again.
3	Across from Walgreen's.Average as far as Starbucks go. Service wasn't outstanding. Not much to write about, so I'm done.
2	Service was awful my brothers and I went in to Starbucks today we weren't even line and were looking at the menu the older lady at the cashier kept rolling her eyes at us and seemed annoyed that we weren't ready to Order her nasty attitude and impatientness helped determine that we aren't coming here again
1	If you ever need the secret to crafting a cappuccino without any espresso, this is the place to go. I can forgive one honest mistake. Repeating it, then not offering to make it right is just embarrassing.Only go here if you don't care that you get what you order.
3	Not much to say friendly sometimes I've gotten my orders mixed up like 4 times already longest I've waited would be 15 mins for mines but this is the closest starbucks so gotta get used to it for now
4	This is where I stop every morning for breakfast. It's very hit or miss here. I can tell by who takes my order if I'm going to need to check my drink before I leave the drive thru window. Overall they are decent and my drinks taste the best here compared to other locations but the drive thru is insane. I have gotten stuck for 20 minutes (and since I can't leave) I was pretty annoyed.
1	Service is horrible, all of the baristas have an attitude, I've never received the correct order... EVER.  Even after they "correct" it, it's still wrong.  This place needs to close. Or all of the employees need to be retrained in how to make a simple drink.
3	A 3.5 STAR STARBUCK'S  After driving through an unfamiliar area, it was refreshing to see Starbuck's. Whether I am in an unfamiliar airport, walking in an unfamiliar city, or in the far part of town Starbuck's provides that familiar living room.   I had been driving for miles. I was bound for the Old Mormon Fort. But the Long traffic lights and looking for a coffee shop with convenient parking were wearing me out. So, I got off Las Vegas Boulevard, took a right on Bonanza down that long hill and ended up at the Starbuck's at the southwest corner of Eastern Avenue. My second most recent visit was on the way to the Museum of Natural History. On both visits I had no problem finding a parking space and was soon inside this relatively small familiar looking living room that is Starbuck's.   I used the Starbuck's card as currency to pay for the tall drip coffee with pumpkin spice syrup. What is fun is that each time you purchase a beverage, Starbuck's grants you a star. Once you achieve thirty stars, Starbuck's crowns you a gold member. Gold members get certain benefits that include free refills and a free drink on your Birthday. If you've seen my Starbuck's list, it is a given that I am a gold member. The only flaw is that a free refill excludes syrup. I need syrup for my coffee.   I rate Starbuck's highly on creating a place that is relaxing and are encouraged to hang out. That is unless you are a mentally ill individual bugging people for $5. On my second visit a mentally ill individual decided to keep me company. As if a person sipping coffee and absorbed in the current events was looking to be bothered. The Starbuck's staff was on the ball and nicely told him that he was bothering guests and had to leave. This is a different approach from the downtown Burger King on Charleston Boulevard that does zilch about individuals loitering and bugging people for money.    I have a couple of negative Yelps about this Starbuck's. We are in the smartphone age. Let's face it we are more addicted to our smartphone apps (especially Yelp). This location fails on phone outlets. There was only a couple. A second negative is that this is an inconvenient location for motorists headed westbound on Bonanza Avenue toward downtown. A left turn requires maneuvering through the shopping center parking lot in back of the adjacent Burger King before making a very dangerous left turn onto Bonanza without a traffic light. To avoid this dangerous maneuver; I had to drive South on Eastern, West on Cedar Avenue which is a residential Street with speed bumps and 25 MPH speed limit, then on Bruce Street to the traffic signal that brought me to Bonanza. A final negative is that this is an inner city location where it is not out of the ordinary for an aggressive homeless individual to  bother you until the staff will most likely professionally tell him to leave.   Anyways, when I am on the road there is only a certain amount of sitting around to do. Starbuck's would give me my caffeine boost, another star to my card, and leave me refreshed and awake to explore the downtown museums.
1	Horribly slow internet!!! Other than that it's your standard quasi-urban Starbucks for lower-income communities complete with sparse metal chairs/tables and windows left over from when this was a radio shack. As my girlfriend states: "the staff was delightful and friendly," but I had no interaction with them.
3	3 stars' definitely over rated for this location but what can I say I love Starbucks so much that I can't give less than that. I've been a Starbucks addict since 2006 and a gold member obviously. I've been going to this location for a good four months now since I moved to my new house. Nearest location to my place literally 3-5mins drive. I'm always & by always I mean every single day I'm at this location. My first stop every morning or afternoon depending on my shift to work of course. I've never been inside this location yet and probably never will be. I go here for convenience. I figured I get my coffee first before hitting the freeway to go to work. At least then even if I'm running late to work because I'll get stuck in traffic I'll still be happy because at least I know I have my coffee with me. Customer service sucks but like I said I go here because it's the closest one to me. They would mess up my order here and there and sometimes it's too late to turn back around to get it right, so you can only imagine how my day will go by with a wrong coffee in hand. I would always get the same drink Venti Iced Caramel Macchiato extra caramel, summer or winter doesn't matter this is my regular drink. I would place this order same order everyday in drive-thru and they would repeat this back to me and will always total out at $5.35 and I would always pay with my Starbucks app. The problem is once I'm at the window picking up my drink. It would take forever before I get to pay. And once I'm paying they always have an attitude. Yes, all I want is my coffee. And okay, you are having a bad day and it's obvious you don't like your job so just quit it! Why can't this location hire an associate who's enthusiastic and fun and attend to guest like myself like they love what they are doing. How hard is it to say "how's your day going?" or a simple "hi" before asking for my payment. It's not like they are quick enough to hand me my drink. This location probably has the worst waiting period in drive thru. I mean I get it everything is placed by the time of order but still why do I have to adjust my time for them, oh yeah that's right because I want my coffee!!! Anyway the worst thing happened to me the other day when I asked for my usual drink and got to the window and was asked if I wanted whip cream on top of my Venti iced caramel macchiato? And of course I said it doesn't come whip cream. Then was handed my drink after few minutes which felt forever.  Wait I said I take my drink with extra caramel and this drink doesn't have any. So then I asked nicely if it's okay to get some caramel on the top and sure they gave me the caramel but after I drove off and stirred my drink by the first sip I knew right away something was wrong. It tasted like milk, yes just milk with some caramel in it. They probably poured out some of the espresso and put the caramel on the top instead of just transferring everything in a new cup with caramel swirls around the cup! And yes my day turned out as crappy as my drink! The following day I went to another location by my work and I had that "ahhhh sooo good" feeling. But I have faith in them. Yes, I still came back and gave it another try. Because I've been going here for four months and a few mistakes would not push me away. I ordered the same drink today, paid my drink, got my drink, it looks right so I tipped $2 & drove off. Stirred my drink and was able to drink it but I wasn't able to finish it probably had 3 sips and poured it on the sink as soon as I got to work. It made me sick had an upset stomach my entire shift. Anyway, lesson learned. I'm never ever going back to this location. There's other locations, I do have a choice. I just have to give up some of my sleeping time because other locations requires me to get ready early just in case of traffic. Closer to work but further from home. But at least with other locations it's worth my time and money. I get quality service and great coffee.
