4	All I can say is, wow...Ruby Tuesday has really reinvented itself since I last went to one a year or so ago.  Their menu has completely changed from all burgers, steaks, and deep fried appetizers to something a little lighter, a litter fresher, and a little more up my ally.  Now, I'm not one for franchised family restaurants where screaming children and horribad decor can be found around any corner, but the guy wanted to show me his new office in Summerlin, it was late, and it was open.I sat down very discouraged...what would I eat?  And then I spotted their Fresh Combinations section.  Quiche?  Mozzarella and tomato salad?  What?  I ended up getting the mini turkey burgers, subbing the fries for the mozzerella and tomato salad I spotted with the quiche, and the garden bar instead of the caesar salad.  Even their salad bar seems to have really improved.  Edamame and a myriad of other whole beans, many fresh lettuces, many neat salads (the green bean and red pepper salad, very refreshing!)  Of course all the standard salad bar fare is there too...don't worry!  And they had avocado ranch...it was green and lumpy and I could TASTE the avocado in it.We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip as an appetizer, subbing celery sticks in for tortilla chips.  It was totally delicious and a great compliment with the fresh, crisp, baby celery hearts they gave us.I was shocked, pleased, and very satisfied by the time we left.  Hopefully we'll stop by again for lunch if I'm ever in Summerlin to see guy during work.
2	My girlfriend wanted to eat here since we've seen the commercials down in So Cal. Now I have eaten at a Ruby Tuesday before in Cleveland, OH, and I thought this one would be the same as its midwestern counterpart. Wow, this Ruby Tuesday was completely different. From the outside it looked like a Cocos or Sizzler. The Ruby Tuesday in Cleveland looked and felt like an upscale Chilis but with a better menu. They even had Stella Artois (my favorite beer) on tap!The service here was okay at best, but the food was disappointing, especially after having an amazing experience at another RT. If you want to eat at a Ruby Tuesday, you might as well go to one in the midwest. Stay away from this one.
4	It is kinda crappy that I live in SoCal and see their juicy commercials, but know that the closest one to me is in LAS VEGAS!!!! My grandparents live a couple miles away from this location, and It is a must visit if your in Vegas. If it is your last day in Vegas, take a last small side trip to Ruby Tuesday and go home satisfied. The homies and I always mob this place before we leave Vegas. They have a full bar if you want to get tipsy before you leave Vegas (as a passenger!)There burgers are pretty worth the trip (especially buffalo burgers) and their food and service is great as well.I really like this place, its so GOOD!
4	My esteemed colleague on Facebook just mentioned that one is now open in WEST COVINA! Yes, still far, but way closer than Vegas! AWESOME!West Covina2200 South Azusa AvenueWest Covina, CA 91792USPhone: 626-839-4222Fax: 626-839-5956
5	F&#%$* FANTASTIC!!Another FREEBIE for joining the E-Club. FREE Handcrafted Gourmet Burger!!I decided to try the Boston Bleu-Burger cooked medium with bleu cheese & steak sauce made with Sam Sdams Boston Lager!!yeah...sounds good don't it!!BEST damn burger I've ever had!!! I almost lost a finger!!Prices are reasonable $8.99 burger, looks like a real cool place to eat and a small bar too. Only thing is just 2 locations both in NE/NW Las Vegas.If you haven't checked this place out DON'T WAIT!!
5	I love this place. I was so glad to find one in West Covina not exactly close, but a lot closer then VEgas. The burgers are always fresh, hot, and juicy. They have the best turkey burger i've ever had. Turkey can get so dry. The hot wings are better then good. The salad bar is fresh with a wide selection of salad selections. Its very reasonably priced. JOe always gets the steak which is actually pretty good. But remember its a hamburger restaurant
1	I don't know what is up with this Ruby's. I have had very good experiences at other locations but from now on I avoid this one. The server never came back to check on us, I asked for my burger medium rare and it was well done, and the waiter kept making weird comments to people at our table. For the price of the meal I would have been better off staying home and wouldn't have had to put up with such awful service.
4	Their bison burger LITERALLY took my breath away.. I seriously had respiratory problems after one bite, it was so weird. And I didn't mention it to anyone else at my table until I saw that they were grimacing uncomfortably, then I asked "am I the only one having a hard time breathing?" They all said they were having the same problem! Weird! I wonder if it is a common thing when you eat bison?Anyways.. nice restaurant in the outskirts of Vegas. Had to try it while I was there because there are none in the Bay Area (only in the greater Northern CA area.. boo). Ordered several appetizers, burgers and drinks.-spinach artichoke dip: I like BJ's better- mozarella and tomato salad: can't really mess that up- bison burger: a nice lean meat sandwiched between thick buttered bread and accompanied by fresh veggies. a must try- white cheddar mashed potatoes: i LOVE white cheddar so this was a nice surprise- bacon & cheese fries: the star of the show! loved it- zero proof strawberry lemonade: carbonated but good. could have done without the carbonationThe other nearest location to me is Folsom, CA. Luckily I have family there so I can make it another excuse to visit them and eat :)
4	Not one bad visit to this location and we've been coming here since we moved here, roughly 5 yrs. On our most recent visit we ordered:$4.58- 2 Iced Teas $13.99- *Tuesday Special; Steak & Lobster with broccoli & baked potato$17.99-*Tuesday Special; Steak & Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese with broccoli & mashed potato$5.98-*Price is add-on to meal, 2 Salad Bar BuffetWe were seated and greeted right away. Our server took our order and checked on us, often. Service was good, nothing spectacular.We then headed over to the Salad Bar. Very clean! We just recently went some where and I had major complaints about their salsa bar which was 'EW!' so it was quite refreshing to visit a place that kept up with their serve yourself thingie majig! I liked their selection of greens, iceberg, romaine, spinach and mixed greens. Dressings were OK, nothing I haven't tried before.My steak was med-rare, hubster's was rare. It was seasoned well but one tid bit, it's a cheap cut so it tastes better cooked rare. Although my steak was still a little pink, it was really chewy, not fun for my jaw. Hubs enjoyed lobster, although a little over cooked it was still a deal! My Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese had flavor but I guess they stick the MnC under the salamander bc the lobster that was exposed was dry and chewy but the lobster within the MnC was still moist. Only thing I was disappointed in was their broccoli, it's probably the simplest item in this meal and it was way over cooked, borderline mushy.The usual good experience, it'd been awhile since we'd been here but nothing has changed, still the same ole good experience :)
2	While John's (our server) performance was impeccable, I doubt we'll be returning any time soon. My crab cake was VERY fishy tasting and Tuesday's only offered a very blah cocktail sauce - no teriyaki, soy or other flavor masker. My bride's chicken fresco was noticeably dry and her favorite vegetable, steamed broccoli, was not warm enough to melt the "butter" that John served after being asked for it. Her mashed cauliflower (which she couldn't bring herself to insist I try) was "not quite what I remember".We didn't partake of the salad bar ... it was nicely presented but compared to Dessey's or a Sizzler it was seriously lacking.Bottom line, if we get another ($10 max) 2 for 1 coupon we might return for a (see previous ratings) highly rated turkey burger. On the other hand, In-N-Out  is hard to resist when it come to burgers.BTW, I'm glad we didn't take the (5 & 13) kids with us. There was nothing that would have appealed to them on the menu and we'd have had to stop at McDonald's to feed them later.
4	Ruby's is really close by, so we come here fairly often. Especially when there are coupons floating around, which there usually are. We generally like having dinner here, and tonight was especially good. I ordered my usual glass of wine and my favorite RT dinner - the crabcake.  I order broccoli and mashed as my two sides.  I like that the broccoli doesn't have anything added, and isn't too raw or too well done:  as Baby Bear says, it's just right.  That helps atone for the crabcake, which is probably drenched in butter.  It's really good.My husband had the sliders and salad bar.  It's on the lunch menu, but is available at dinner, too, for a few bucks more.  Two beef sliders (with fries or any side of your choice) and all-you-can-eat salad bar for, I think 9.99.  I like Ruby Tuesday's burgers, too, but their most recent menu incarnation now has two different qualities of meat available.  In the very old days, Ruby's burgers were awful.  I used to order them sometimes because I knew I'd never have to pay for the meal, since I'd invariably send them back and complain.  Then, a few years ago, they went more upscale and the burgers were top shelf and fabulous.  I don't think I've had a burger at Ruby's since they switched to the A and B burgers, just sliders, but since I discovered their crab cake, that's what I usually order.I love the fact that their drinks are reasonably priced - $5 for cocktails with their house brand liquors, which are decent quality.  The drink, though, depends on which bartender at which RT happens to be mixing that night.  I've been at Ruby Tuesdays all across the country, and it sure can vary.Our server, Raymie, was very friendly and efficient, though I was surprised she never heard of Yelp! But the best part of our dinner was that -  ta-dah - none of the servers were running the infernal carpet sweepers back and forth!  This process was going on at every single Ruby Tuesday's I've ever been in, be it Las Vegas, New Jersey, Indiana, Tennessee, everywhere. And it didn't matter if it was 7 pm or near closing.  It was so annoying and pervasive that I emailed corporate (with no response), and then called.  Their curt answer:  "That's the way they do things."  Maybe others have finally complained, or maybe the rain made all the servers sluggish and lazy tonight, but finally we had a meal without that damned "Whirrrrrrr." May it continue in 2011.
5	This is an easy review , I go twice a month with my wife & kids . Simple menu , kid friendly , really outstanding and quick service. Magnificent salad bar , tasty beers . Just great , not fancy , just great value and super for a family.
5	We went by there tonight, and it was CLOSED!, so sad after 10 years in Summerlin, they are gone.
5	Great service. Excellent prices with unbelievable portion sizes. The salad bar is fantastic.
5	It's now closed! waaaaaah , Corporate BS.
