4	I love the Bolt Bus! Took it back to LA in January I paid $17 round trip ($8 each way plus a $1 transaction fee)THE ROUTE:At the time, the Bolt Bus left from the Greyhound Station and you waited inside at Door No. 1. It gets directly on the 15  and makes 1 stop at Barstow (usually 15-20 minute break). (NOTE: Starting January 28, pickup and dropoff location in Las Vegas will be at The Plaza, which is right next door to the Greyhound station.) Bus leaves right on time but we had a slight delay when a customer was trying to board the bus without a ticket (or something similar)My return trip only took 4.5 hours! Always little to no traffic when leaving Vegas. We got in 5 minutes behind schedule but that's no biggie.THE BUS:Loved it! Only 15 people on the bus on both my trips. Leather seats that recline, individual power outlets, free wifi (which I had trouble connecting to), air conditioning, reading lights, trash bags available, footrests, and bathroom on board. Since the bus was empty, I could stretch out across the row to nap. Every rider was quiet and respectful and I had no problems.Drivers are friendly and average about 70mph when there's no traffic!BONUS:Join the Bolt Bus Rewards programs! Login and purchase your tickets, and your 9th trip is free!I will definitely be taking the Bolt Bus again! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because ticket prices have DOUBLED to Vegas!! I checked prices for February 2014 (leaving Friday and coming back Sunday) and tickets are $16 each way. Why the sudden jump?? Bolt Bus is still the cheapest option and great alternative to driving yourself even with the price jump but I'm still miffed about that insane price hike. Fingers crossed that the prices will go back down again!NOTE: This is very very similar to my review for the LA Bolt Bus because I had a great experience both times!
3	I'm sitting on the bus, ten minutes into the ride from Vegas to LA. In the course of the ten minutes, I have witnessed:-Woman eating, and finishing (!) a greasy looking box of fried chicken and fries next to me-Bus driver with extremely squeaky voice giving what one would hope to be a self-evident lecture about not smoking weed or drinking on the bus. This included a threatening reiteration not to pick up a drink or smoke weed at our stop in Barstow, as if she assumed this would transpire.-Same bus driver announcing that she believes in the Heavenly Father and asking us all to say an amen so that we arrive safely (!) Passengers erupt in a chorus of amens. I see the same thing happened with Bolt that once happened with the Megabus. It was, for a short period, seemingly sheltered from those that would have otherwise ridden the Greyhound. Then slowly, word seemed to have gotten out and now it's become overrun by a ghetto contingency.In all other respects, Bolt is an OK deal. If you've ridden the Megabus, it's pretty much the same thing; low-cost fares if you book early, WiFi that barely works, internet only booking, a few select, but well-travelled routes. The differences are that from Vegas, it arrives at Fremont Street, which is probably more convenient to the strip than where the Megabus arrives. The bus is a single decker instead of the ubiquitous double dockers you see on the 15. Also, there's a rewards program that gives you a free ride every eight rides. Thankfully, the Bolt also seems to be comparatively less well-known and crowded; the Megabus can be sold out at busy travel times and you're forced to sit next to strange people. The Bolt seems to be more sparsely ridden. However, I don't count on that staying that way for long. It's not convenient as flying or driving, but sometimes beggars can't be chooses.
3	It's a great deal when Groupon or Living Social offers round trips to L.A. for $20.  The only thing that would make the ride suck are the other passengers, just like flying Things you should know:  If you're driving to the bolt bus you should park at the Plaza Hotel parking lot, only $5 to enter and no daily fee.  They say to be there 15 minutes before but I would give yourself a little more time so you can get a good seat. The best seats are going to be in the front half of the bus, trust me you don't want to be near the bathroom. The ride is almost 5 hours including a stop in Barstow for food.  You arrive at Union Station when you get to L.A. On the way back to Vegas I'd get there 30 minutes early,  there seems to be more people on the way to Vegas.  One last thing, they advertise that they have wi-fi but it doesn't work, if you have a laptop or tablet make sure you already have movies to watch.
3	I rode the bus to go to Los Angeles, CA. The round trip was right under $50. There is only one stop in Barstow and it is no more than 30 min. If there are not too manu people, you can even have the entire seat to yourself,  except if you're going to Las Vegas which is where I live; then it will be a full bus. They offering free WiFi and you can plug your cell phone, with th exception of a laptop. The outlets are upside down, so the entire plug can't fit in the outlet. The lights also are not accessible if you're traveling at night because they will not turn on. The outlets and not being able to use the light to read are my only complains. The drivers were friendly and the ride is about 5 to 5 1/2 hours.
4	Nice driver, his name is flo. The bus came early but it start moving couple minutes late. He didnt do early check in he said he was waiting for his bos.The bus is clean n nice seat too.Really affordable price for LA-LV
4	My friend and I decided to take bolt bus while trying to get home from Vegas. I have to say at first we were a bit worried it might be sketchy, but it was actually a pleasant experience. The bus pulled up by the Ferris wheel 20 minutes prior and left right on time. It was a very relaxing ride with pretty comfy seats. The bus also had electric plugs to charge your electronics which was great! We made it to LA at the time promised! Definitely will be riding again!
4	The new stop is on 500 S 1st street   The actual stop is on 1st street, corner Bonneville.  Right across the RTC center.
