3	11/25/11Decided to grab a quick bite to eat while the rest of the family went shopping, so I popped over to the food court to see what I could find.  Among the national food chains, such as Chick Fil-A, The Great Steak & Potato Co., Sbarro, Orange Julius, and Subway, I spotted Showmars and recalled reading a few good reviews on it, so I made a beeline and checked out the menu, which proved to be quite extensive: gyros, souvlakis, burgers, pita burgers, seafood platters, including fried flounder, hot dogs, and even baklava by the silce ($1.99, fyi)!  Service seemed very friendly and eager to help.  After a few minutes and a few questions, I decided to go w/ an Old-fashion Jr. pita burger (chili, cheese, coleslaw, onions, and mustard), hold the mustard, and a side of fries, for a grand total of $6.  (FYI, Jr. burgers feature one patty, regular has two.)  Combo plates were available, but I didn't want anything from the soda fountain.  Paid for the meal and was given a receipt and a buzzer.  Thought I'd check out the buffet spread at Maki of Japan (right across from Showmars) in the meantime, but I hadn't even crossed the path of chairs and tables to get to the other side of the room when my buzzer started to vibrate-- that was fast!  My platter looked very nice, but I lamented that my pita burger lacked surface veggies, not even lettuce (!), and the manager told me that only the original burgers had lettuce and tomato.  However, he offered to add lettuce for me- very nice!  I enjoyed the chili-burger-coleslaw combo; however, I did find the whole sandwich a bit sweeter than I'd prefer-- most likely from the sugar in the coleslaw.  Also, I would've eaten more of the pita had it been crisped/toasted.  No matter, as eating less of the pita allowed me to enjoy more of the crinkle-cut fries- the best part of the entire meal!  Those who like saltier fries may want to grab a salt packet or two, as my fries were a bit under-salted, even for my taste.Was happy to find something local in this mall's food court, and I wouldn't mind coming back to try other items on the menu!
4	Showmars is always good. Love their gyros.
3	Mall food is pretty formulaic; :enter name here: Chinese, :enter name here: Japanese, :enter name here: Cheesesteak.  And then there's this gem: Showmars!Consistant quality brings me back once  a week.  The cashiers are always pleasant, and the food is hot and fresh.  One of my favorites is the Gyro, smothered in Showmar's signature Pita Sauce (an interesting take on the traditional tzatziki!)  Try it with feta, and you won't be disappointed.Each day, Showmars offers a different special.  My favorite day is Big Salad Thursdays for the win!!Good food, great service, decent prices; a great change of pace from ordinary mall foods!Noosh!Col'
4	Love Showmars! Their food is always delicious! Customer service is satisfactory. Always a clean atmosphere.
