4	mark & mercedes are a must listen to in the morning.
5	I don't listen to the station but they sponsored the BITE of Las Vegas this year and it was fantastic. 45+ food vendors from around las vegas with plates for under $5. Everything from Famous Dave's to Hash House a Go Go. Plus a carnival and live music(Puddle of Mudd, Metro Station and more) There was quite a crowd.
5	I listen to this station throughout the day, but transplanting from Sacramento in Vegas it was nice to be able to listen to Mark and Mercedes. I think they are hilarious and it is not the normal morning talk show that just babbles...
4	MIX 94.1 was my favorite radio station for years. I still love MIX and Mark & Mercadies in the Morning, but I took one star off because they seem to have this problem with playing the same 20 or so songs over and over all day long, everyday. Upside to this is that they do have something called "Pick the Mix" on their website at mix941.fm which really seems to have some pull with the music line-up. They sponser a bunch of really great events too.
2	Hands down, the most misleading radio station name I have ever heard.This is NOT a mix station, it is a MODERN POP station. The quality of music on here is a solid 3/5 rating, but I took a star away for the misleading name.Essentially, this is modern pop hits covering the last few years, though they tend to throw in the occasional 80s pop sons (though this is less common in recent years.) If you like modern pop music, this is a good station, no questions asked. But if you're looking for a real mix station, go with Jack FM.
4	I've been listening to this station for many, many years. It's one of the few stations that has lasted, besides 98.5 but I don't listen to that station anymore. The music is alternative/mix format- Nickelback, Lifehouse, Sara Bareilles, Maroon 5 (one of my favorites), Katy Perry (another favorite of mine), Train, Pink, Rob Thomas, etc. Sometimes I will hear Carrie Underwood. Yes, at times, it seems that the same play list is used over and over, but you can always change the station for more variety (you do have that choice.) I am lucky enough to have XM as a choice at my workplace, so if I want early alternative  (one of the music types I grew up with) called 'New Wave' I can listen to it,  whenever I want.I really enjoy the "Mark & Mercedes in the morning" show (weekdays/ weekends play repeats, sometimes). I've been a fan for all these years. The topics of conversation are thought-provoking as well as being funny and entertaining- kinda like one of my favorite shows of all time "Sex & The City." I like the witty banter of two people that seem down to earth and I can relate to their point of views. Enter their verbage: the BOD (wink wink nudge nudge- if you're a true fan, you'd know it.) They bounce off of each other, is what I mean. I saw Mercedes pose for pictures at the last Bite, and she seemed so nice, not snotty at all- I like that. When listeners call in, it adds another dimension to the show. I've called in a few times myself. It's a funny show and I enjoy it. I am, however, growing tired of JC's never- ending commercials for laser hair removal- I mean, c'mon already! He's like the Glen Lerner of/in radio. And the delivery is a little like wooden skates, not natural at all. Blair adds the youthful perspective, as she is the youngest contributor to the show, though she sounds more tattooed than the average person/listener.There are so many events that they sponsor that I enjoy going to, like Pet-A-Palooza & Bite of Las Vegas. Both venues encourage drives to benefit the community (nonperishable canned foods to donate). The station also does a Four Corners Food Drive every year. The station is an asset to our community- our community is better with all their efforts and contributions.
3	A nice laid back type of radio station.  They play mainstream music, no rap or metal....kind of middle of the road stuff.  "Safe music" as I like to call it.  I don't listen to it very often, but when I do it's not bad and not great...kind of middle of the road.
3	I love Mark and Mercedes.   l love the music.  The one thing that is like nails down a chalkboard for me is hearing Sabrina talk.  She has a nasal problem, like most of her words come out through her nose.  I can't understand how she got this gig in radio????  I have to change the station every time she comes on.  It's sad, because it's my favorite station for the music.
4	I love listening to Marc and Mercedes, they are fun, creative and super entertaining. The problem is just when they are not on the air, whoever is in charge of playing the music has it quite easy: they always play the exact same music! So unfortunately, I just change the station and then, sometimes, start listening to competitors. So, for heaven's sake, if someone is reading, you might want to pay attention to this as it is a real problem and a real draw back for anyone listening more than 2 consecutive days... Ana
2	The music format is generic and is what is expected from an adult contemporary station.  Obviously, every song is well overplayed.  But it's expected.  CBS Radio has a bunch of these "mix" branded stations (KHMX Houston, WBMX Boston, KYMX Sacramento, etc.) and Mix 94.1 fits in with all of them.  No real point of complaining about the format; the format is what it is.The real complaint is with the Mark and Mercedes morning show.  Every market has one of these broad appeal hokey morning shows, and I don't fault it for that.  I find faults in that this is a really poor version of a broad appeal hokey morning show.All the personalities on the show are unlikable.  Mark is a middle-aged douche who over tans, is addicted to energy drinks, and is still bitter about his ex-wife leaving him.  Mark is a terrible driver who gets into accidents all the time and is not ashamed at the fact he endangers people around him. Mercedes is a gullible woman who doesn't seem to have any intelligent thoughts.  Mercedes' husband is some sort of loser (dodger fan) who doesn't have a job and uses his wife as a sugar momma.  J.C. is a child in a man's body who still watches professional wrestling and gets laser treatments to keep his body in it's 12 year old hairless condition.Most of the show isn't even content from the hosts.  They are far too lazy to do their actual jobs.  Instead, the hosts simply pick an article from a magazine (top 5 vacation destinations, top 5 reasons for divorce, top 5 favorite ice cream toppings, top 5 celebrity wedding costs, etc.) and have the callers guess the content of the article.  The only time the hosts have original thoughts is when they are talking about trashy reality TV and reality TV stars.Speaking of doing little actual work, nearly every commercial break is followed by playing a song.  I wish I got 7 or 8 minutes of free time per hour at my job (about an hour when multiplying out 8 hours for a full day).  They could possibly improve ratings by attracting people with music tastes outside of the station's genre, but that's just too much work for these hosts.The hosts think they are so clever with codewords, but really it's just immature and not very creative.  If mentioning the names of male organs and electric devices for female masturbation are inappropriate, how about the topics just not be discussed?Every segment is ended with a comical (a significant difference between "funny" and "comical" by the way) quip before leaving to break.  It's so formulaic that I find myself distracted waiting for the quip.  It can become weirdly uncomfortable when you can sense the segment is going over time but they are still waiting for a "good" joke to present itself.
5	Great station!  One of the most solid stations in Las Vegas.  Great mid day show.  We play that station everyday at our office.  They place great music and are always up to date with the times playing good stuff.  I am so glad they don't change their format every month like every other station in town.
