5	This place has great coffee! They also have delicious baked goods. The baristas are very friendly too. I'll be back again, probably to buy coffee beans.
5	This place is great. I love grabbing a coffee here before class. The location of this place is great, and it's a little bit cheaper than the other coffee shops in the area. What more could you ask for? Oh yeah, and as someone who has a dairy allergy, I really appreciate that their pastries are vegan. Typically I can't get treats at other coffee shops, so it's nice to have the option.
5	Great coffee, a very nice setting near enough to everything ASU but far enough away to not be crazed, and tasty vegan pastries. I'm a fan.
5	I've been a regular of Royal's since they opened and was extremely joyful when they opened near ASU.  The staff is top notch and know you by name if you're a regular;  you can't beat that old school service.  I highly recommend this place
5	Perfect coffee, espresso/ pour over/ drip etc, it's all perfect. The atmosphere is on point, the baristas are on point, it's a quaint/relaxing coffee bar. I would certainly consider it to be the best third wave/ speciality coffee roaster in the Phoenix Metropolitan Area, especially if you're looking to escape the dictatorship of the night club, always overly crowded/loud, atmosphere that Cartel Coffee Lab has become.
5	Oh Royal... I love this place. This location is perfect - right off the light rail and on the way to campus. It's very accessible and the outdoor patio is going to be great for these cooler fall days. The coffee is premium and the baristas are always friendly. The general feel of the place is right up my alley. All of the wood and metal gives it both an urban and rustic feel.It's a wonderful coffee shop, a great place to come with a book and read, or bring your computer and get some work done. Whatever you're looking for in a coffee shop, Royal is pretty much guaranteed to have it.
4	I'll be honest, I'm kind of a coffee snob and this place is pretty good in my book! The Americanos are brewed with the best espresso beans.
4	I'm a fan of this place. It offers true small coffee house experience. Not many places offer Real Iced Coffee. This place offers something similar very close. They cold brew their coffee grounds in room temperature water (instead of iced or chilled water) and then serve it under the name of Iced Toddy. It's not bad.The pastries they serve are from a third party and is acceptable.I had:Iced Toddy (no sugar, no cream)Pumpkin Turnover (kind of stale if you ask me)But it the coffee's acceptable and the pastry isn't that great, why do I like it? It offers that cozy coffee house feeling, they don't make you feel as if you need to be out of there in ten minutes. Some guy was there, studying, for 5 hours or so. The place is quiet and it's pretty close to campus. The music isn't too loud and there's this huge table for spreading out.Another thing, the bathroom's a minute walk away on a different floor.
5	Super friendly barista, who was more than happy to talk about the beans, the pulls, the equipment, anything.Fun wall art by local artist - oh and good coffee too. I'm usually wary about iced coffee and pick about my cold brew, but it was well-done. I also can't drink my coffee black, but for their coffee it was good enough to drink black. Buut, for transparency, I'll admit,  I still added cream.  What? I like half and half.
