5	The Bikini Bar is freakin great! The bartenders were super friendly and drink prices are reasonable-$5 for Red Bull/vodkas! I love places where I can throw on a hoodie and some chucks and just kick it with my friends and not have to dress to impress. Super chill spot with all kinds of music playing and just a good vibe. I dig it. Plus they are going to be a new spot for local bands and Monday Night Football!!!! I will definitely be back again and again.
5	Great drinks, great atmosphere...my new hang out.  It was nice to have such a "friendly" feeling when you walk in!  (Even the door security was smiling and dancing around!)  The owner was behind the bar and personally met everyone as they came in.  They played all kinds of music and when someone requested something, they even changed it!  They listed each night's upcoming events on a flyer...looks like this bar will meet everyone's needs!  I will be going again very soon!
1	Cheap beer is great but this is the anti-strip! This place is gangsta I've seen better dives in east LA. NOT FOR TOURISTS!
5	I looooooved this bar!! I go to Vegas all the time and in all honestly I was looking for a change from the BIG Vegas clubs. A local person I randomly met told me to come here sooo like curious tourists we went. It was perfect!! Exactly what we were looking for. First, the drinks were sooo affordable, not the 20 bucks a drink you spend at a typical Vegas club! Second, we loooooved the music!! Third, the crowd was super cool. It wasn't your typical Vegas crowd. The people were really cool. I can see why local come to this bar a lot. I recommend this bar and I would definitely be revisiting!
4	4 stars for having a foosball table!  Hell Yeah!
4	For a dive bar it's 4 stars.They have 25 cent shots of beer.
4	I been here a few times for some metal shows. It's just West of the strip and located in what seemed to be a hotel/motel years ago. Typical dive bar with cheap drinks. There is really nothing bad to say about this place if you been to other places like this. Definitely be back to support some music.
3	I love it. I'm not impressed with the draft beer selection. Yes it's a dive bar, a really good one. I can see the potential this bar offers for a great time.   Open 24 hours, it offers live music 5 nights and karaoke and open mic night the others with Sunday having nothing. Tuesday is ladies night with free drinks, might have to be in a bikini though.  Staff was friendly but not in a bikini probably because he was male. ;)  I understand the having to serve beer in plastic cups but we're the only ones in the bar. Serve it in a glass.   I will visit again on a busy night to test the service and atmosphere and try and rate them a 4 star.
4	Thee GOOD FRIDAY first Friday was amazing! Fire dancers! Food trucks! Bikini models, Live Art galleries & Great Live MUSIC! Classic cars, trucks, motorcycles+ tattoo ARTISTs!!! Eye candy everywherez!!!!!!
1	FYI: nobody in bikinis here! False advertising!
1	Horrible place, not recommended.I first heard of this place when I met the owner and he offered me a job. This was right before they opened.  The owner conducted the interview then walked be back into the office on a "Tour" and basically informed me that If I wanted the job, I need to "Hang out, show me what you can do. have some fun." He was referring to sex. I turned down the job obviously.About a year after they opened,  I went to the bar with a group of friends to see a specific band play.  I had a great time, but no thanks to the bar. The drinks were watered down and the shots were not even filled up to the line. The girls working were very over weight and covered in stretch marks. She was also slow and didn't know what she was doing. The only other bartender on shift was the owner. He of course made me wait and wait and wait until my order was finally taken.  Someone was a little butt hurt I guess.I have had more then a few friends with similar experiences. This is a sleazy dive bar with a sleazy owner.I wouldn't recommend it, in fact I refuse to go.  There are too many other amazing bars in Vegas to hang out at
