4	One of the best train stations I have ever been to. From the moment you step off the train, you feel welcomed by the Montreal workers. You then take an escalator up to the main level, and you are welcomed by a little old man with a french accent who says "welcome to Montreal". It really made our day, after spending 10 hours on a train.The station is a major hub not only to mass transit, but to other parts of Montreal's amazing underground city. Directly upstairs is the Fairmont Queens Elizabeth Hotel. I stayed at that hotel, so all I had to do was take an escalator upstairs from the train station and I was in the hotel's lobby.
4	There is something so nostalgic about taking the train, especially in Canada where so much of our history is bound up with the expansion of railway ties and the possibilities these tracks opened up across our huge spaces.In Montreal the Gare Central is a gorgeous, cavernous, partially underground space that is surprising to the first time visitor. You can access it from the Banque Nationale entrance on Rene-Levesque but this is not clearly indicated until you are already through the front door. Taxis come in through the entrance on De La Gauchetiere, and pedestrians can come in that way as well but it's a bit chaotic with all the cars and cabs. Once inside, the space is so lofty and enormous it's hard to imagine how it all fits under the stately old Queen Elizabeth hotel and bank tower. There is a fairly large food court that connects to the other underground malls and includes a nice mix of smaller cafes and larger chains (the obligatory Tim Hortons, and the slightly unexpected Bureau En Gros.) The large central area where passengers line up to board their trains is all brass and marble and neo-classical art like a good train station should be, and feels like a healthy mix of old timey travel and modern convenience. The real standout of the whole experience is the train staff. Everyone from the people at the ticket counters to the porters and conductors are friendly, bilingual, professional, chivalrous and dapper in their trim hats and flapping trench coats. The food on the train is maybe one small notch above most plane food, but the seats and aisles  are much more spacious and the view of rolling farmlands, lakes and small towns is good for the heart, I'm sure of it.
4	I'm currently writing this review from the train itself..we've just gone through Belleville, ON station en route to Toronto from Montreal. This is my second time taking VIA roundtrip and really experiencing Canadian rail travel (with the exception of VIA's long distance trains to Vancouver and Halifax, haha)..I have to say that I am never not rather impressed by the comfort, level of service, and organization of this company as opposed to Amtrak which though I still love it, has a lot of improving to do and could take a few lessons from VIA Rail Canada. We're speeding at say maybe 95 mph down the "Corridor" towards Canada's largest city and I'm quite enjoying myself. The conductor/travel rep has been incredibly cheery and polite and has made the trip that much nicer, I've enjoyed a cup of tea and have decent room for my legs and computer bag. I didn't scramble for a place to put my little suitcase upon boarding in Montreal as the areas at the end of the coaches for baggage are quite a bit larger than those on Amtrak. The WiFi on board these trains is actual reliable and consistent unlike the rather pathetic form of it that they have on Amtrak. I believe that the router is actually ON BOARD the train on VIA like it is also ON BOARD the buses like Greyhound and Bolt Bus (USA only) unlike Amtrak which relies on service towers proximate to the tracks (how proximate, we don't know) which don't guarantee connectivity that would allow you to get work done or whatnot. Even if there isn't a router in each car on this train, it is still worlds better than Amtrak's and even those on the buses. Boarding staff in Montreal were very pleasant and helpful. They didn't have the "this is my job and get lost" attitudes that I am so used to..VIA rail cars are very clean which is something you don't always get with Amtrak. Mind you, this review is not meant to dis Amtrak, it's just that I am from the US and am a student in Montreal right now and Amtrak's Adirondack service from New York to Montreal is what I have to draw upon. Rail travel seems to be more of a priority in Canada than in the US. This won't be my last trip on VIA for sure. I love trains and taking the train and this is partially why.
3	My experience at this station was neither here nor there. It's easier on the eyes than Penn Station's Amtrak platform, for sure.Here's my primary complaint: There are no signs on the street helping you find it!! Gare Centrale is under 2 blocks from either of two Metro stations. Not once from walking out the Square-Victoria Metro station were there any signs for which direction the building was in. We just exited the Metro and stumbled around... there are few people on the street to ask so early on a Sunday. Only when the building was directly behind (no big entrance, but a subtly marked door...) did I have any idea it was there. Montreal - put up some signs for this major transit hub, please! Your visitors will appreciate it.
4	As a frequent user of this train station back in '06 when I was living in QC I visited this station at least eight times that year.As a rushed traveller, I never took in the train stations' beauty. On on a recent visit to the 514, I spent sometime here. Gare Central is the Cadillac of train stations in Canada. This place is gorgeous. It's expansive and airy and a truly beautiful building. Take a moment from your commute to x place and take in how pretty the space is. Beyond that there are tons of places to eat - Montreal does food courts well and Gare Central is no exception - poutine, lots of ethnic options, Mickey D's and a few healthy choices as the station is connected to the underground. There are quite a few shops as well to keep you busy if you have some time to kill - notably a giant Bureau en Gros (Staples), SAQ (liquor store), Carleton Cards, Bentley and even a dollar store.Seating isn't great if you have a some time to kill so I recommend getting a beverage and a snack at Second Cup. Lots of place to sit, people watch and a killer vantage point of the train schedule. All aboard please.
4	This is a nice train station, it is big and pretty airy in the main area has plenty of room for line-ups. There are a bunch of little restaurant stalls, a number of shops, an office supply, and it connects to the metro under-ground. They seem to be usually on time and the staff are okay at communicating any problems. Something I think is pretty awesome: the bathrooms are clean! It seems amazing considering the number of people that come and go on a daily basis. I wish there was wi-fi throughout the station and not just a small area...it can be inconvenient if you only have a few moments to spare but need to connect.
4	I've been here a handful of times - once when I had a train ride from NYC and when I took a side trip up to Quebec City. Since I'm from a city that prides itself on using cars, it's refreshing and a bit nostalgic when I get to travel by trains and go to train stations.This train station is definitely much prettier than some of the stations I've visited along the east coast, and I like the availability of shopping options- including a drugstore, many food places (yay! Tony Horton's), and shops. I typically don't wait here very long, and the Via Rail service is pretty easy to use.If Montreal is part of your future travel plans, I'd try to get some rail travel in and use Via Rail.
3	Uck, why is our station so... empty? It feels EMPTY! It feels lost. I feel like if I screamed it would just echo down the halls and end up in malls It's weird to me to have a Bureau en Gros... right there. And even with that said, I have been one to buy from this location, particularly before a long train ride. I don't know what it is... I think of beautiful train stations as those like Central Station in Washington, DC; it's elegant. I guess that's what is missing... there's very little in the way of elegance.
4	I just love the location of Gare Centrale! Nothing beat able to walk to my hotel which is less than 10 minute away after getting off the train. If not, the Metro is readily available if you need to travel to other area in the city.The waiting area has high ceilings and various Art Deco details makes waiting for my train a pleasant experience.There are also a few food and retail options right in the hall area.I can't wait to take VIA Rail back to this station for another weekend in Montreal soon!
4	I really like this train station.  We took the train from Quebec city, stopped by Montreal, Ottawa, and then ended in Toronto.  So I've seen 4 train stations in Eastern Canada, and this is one of the best ones.  The location is great, and the station is very clean.  It is only couple blocks away from Rue Catherine, a street full of shopping stores.   Everything is well labeled so it is easy to get around and find the train.  The trains are always on time so make sure you give yourself enough time to get to the train station.
4	Now this train station should get 4 stars for the ease of access and direct connection to several hotels, subway trains and a food court that will put a lot of so called gourmet food courts to shame in other cities. I didn't get to admire the architecture as my exposure to this spot has been limited to just walking across to take the subway or waiting in line as I left the room merely 15 min before boarding.From what I saw they had Premier Maisson (one of the better bakery I have been to North America) , some other quick grab and go spot and a Staples. The directions can be a bit confusing at first but I have got my bearings down for Montreal so after a bit of reading around it wasn't hard to navigate this place.For a short weekend trip I think the this option is very viable provided one plans ahead.
5	This is literally the best transport company out there, from west island to downtown it literally takes a good 20 minutes instead of 1h30 in traffic!!
4	If you're catching a train out of Montreal, congratulations, you've found the station!Easy to navigate, clean and with lots of great pre-travel restaurants, this is one of the nicer train stations I've been through.Getting there from the Bonaventure metro is a bit of a hassle, but just follow the signs and you'll be fine.
4	The Gare Centrale is a nice train station. It has a great location for many hotels and restaurants in Montreal. It is also conveniently linked to the metro and bus system of the city.There is a blessed lack of general chaos here. The space doesn't feel suffocatingly crowded, and there are enough places to get a meal or coffee while waiting for your train.
4	I kind of wish Toronto's Union station was more similar to Gare Centrale in Montreal.  Likes:-A lot more food vendors than Toronto's Union station. It had a nice, large food court with at least 20 stalls and seating aplenty.  -It has real stores in it, like Staples and the Quebec version of Mac's convenience store (though the name escapes me right now).-when you come in from the entrance, it's very easy to see where the Via boarding lines are whereas at Union, you have to work your way through some confusing path as if you are in an airport.  Dislike:-Minor for me, but could be significant for everyone else.  When boarding the train, it is all steps and no ramps which could cause issues with heavy luggage.  Overall, a very clean decent central station (hence the name I guess). :-)
