5	If you haven't tailgated at Sam Boyd Stadium, I suggest you give it a try.  This is really a much different event than attending a game in the Stadium as you don't have to have game or event tickets to party in the Tailgate lot.  I attended the Tailgate party for the UNLV vs UNR game last night and it was awesome. (some pics posted)There is a separate Tailgate lot on the left side of the Stadium when you enter in from Russell Road.  The Tailgate section is a grass field where you can park your vehicles and setup your Tailgate party in a section that you can reserve.  You can reserve your spot for the season or you can reserve a spot for a single event or game.The field is well kept and the grass is perfect for providing a cool area to do your pre-game partying.  Grills, tables, and tents are allowed.  The area we were partying in was near section F10 and had easy access to the Stadium once the Tailgating was over.On this particular evening, there were literally tens of thousands of people having a good time.  Of course Metro and Campus Police were present to make sure everybody partied in peace....but they didn't get in the way and were very cool.Will I return?  I will try to make it to every Tailgate Party I can!
4	Every two years, UH comes to town and plays UNLV and it's a tailgate party for sure.  My husband and his cousin start planning about a year out and the menu is rehashed several times before it's final.  Since my husband does most of the preparation and cooking, and there are usually 20 to 30 people attending, we have started getting donations per guest to help pay for it all.  The grassy area is best location and it comes with a price, but it's worth it.  It's fenced in and security patrols the area even after the game starts, they lock the gates so there is only walk in during the game.  This helps cut back on thefts.We get there as soon as it opens and start setting up, there are tents to put up, grills to assemble and fires to get started.  Slowly, guests arrive, we get busy chowing down.  The game is always fun, but I think it's the tailgating that makes it even better. As long as there is a match between UH and UNLV, there will be tailgating parties and ours is no exception, or is it!  Come check it out!
4	It was my first tailgate, and boy was this an event to remember. I mean it was historically an epic game against UNR (We lost. I don't want to talk about it...) I won't go into full details, but I promise I'll update on my next tailgate. Truth is..I didn't make it past the fence. So literally and metaphorically, I was looking over from the other side of the fence. Apparently there is no alcohol allowed (beer cans and bottle) inside. I really think it was only because we were FASHIONABLY late, and they were already pushing people out of the tailgate and into the stadium.However, from what I saw...it's a completely CULTURED event. People with cookers, games, bbq pits, loads of food, and jungle juice! People roam and mingle with each other. Fancying what the next door vehicle has to offer. Big suggestion...and note to self. COME VERY EARLY! Being fashionably late will not provide you with special accommodations.
