5	By far the best gym/work out facility in Charlotte.  Going to the Dowd Y is like going to work out and then going to the spa, it is a completely rejuvenating experience that's a great way to start... or end your day.  I always leave the Y feeling fresh and clean and more alive than when I went in.  Not only do they have a completely renovated downstairs weight room, a number of racquetball and handball courts, row upon row of exercise bikes, treadmills and elliptical machines, but they also have top notch classes, trainers and programs.  The Dowd has classes at different times throughout the day, so no matter what your schedule, chances are you can find a yoga class, or a spin class that works for you.The Men's Locker Room ( I can't comment on the women's as I've never been in there) also boasts an exercise room featuring cardio machines and some free weights as well as areas to stretch and warm-up. There's also a  huge whirlpool, steam room and sauna.  After a grueling workout, nothing beats the sauna, steam ,shower. combo.  The whirlpool relaxes your muscles.  The sauna opens up your pores, while the steam room helps clean out your respiratory system allowing you to feel revitalized , and the showers wash away the sweat and dirt from your workout preparing you to face the world at the top of your game.The Dowd YMCA is a great place; with state of the art equipment , programs, classes and  people.
4	The Dowd YMCA is the Big Daddy of Charlotte gyms. It's got everything: a huge basketball court (great for lunctime and post-work pick-up games, as well as league games at night), a huge pool, an enormous weightroom, a large cardio room, two or three large spaces for workout classes, and an indoor track. Where to begin? The hoops games are super competitive and fun. The classes range from kickboxing to Pilates to intense cardio drills--and there are different options depending on the hour and the day. Great staff (tons of them) patrol the grounds, and you can get an answer to any question you have instantly. The facilities are clean and more or less state-of-the art. Also, if you like going to the gym to mingle and meet, this is your place. Everyone and their mother can be seen at the Dowd after work; it's a veritable meat-market, if you want it to be. And the eye-candy is choice. The parking lot is huge but even that gets filled up during busy hours, so parking can be a hassle at times. Also, security at the Y can be iffy: there have been numerous car thefts/break-ins etc. But it's still the best gym in town. By far.
3	There are many good and not-so-good things about the Dowd. Let me break it down:Pros: - Excellent modern facility. All the equipment is fairly new and works well. - Fitlinx is a really cool free program you can use to keep track of your weight-lifting routine and your other exercise. - Two good-sized pools (one warm, one cold).- A large women's locker room that has a women-only workout area in it. Cons:- Lots of competitive people there trying to look cool. - It's often packed and finding a parking spot is a pain.- My locked locker was broken into in 2006 and my gym bag was stolen from it.
5	For the money, you really can't beat this deal.  For half as much as I was paying for my gym membership in Chicago, I get an all-access membership to the YMCAs in Charlotte.  The facilities are great, the staff are all helpful, and the Dowd Branch (probably the best location) is near my home.I have heard a lot about the locker break-ins, but have been lucky so far (knock on wood).Nice work, YMCA!
5	I grew up attending the Harris YMCA so working downtown and making the switch to the Dowd was quiet a change.  There aren't screaming kids or summer camps just adults getting fit.  The classes there are awesome and pretty much every member of my office takes 1-2 every week.  The women's locker room has a great little work out area of it's own, nestled right in between the lockers and only a few feet away from the showers.  It's perfect for when you need to be in and out, or if you just enjoy working out in a smaller area.  There is a sweet spot for treadmills on the 3rd floor.  They face out so you can watch joggers run up E. Morehead and think about how much harder they are running then you are, as you run in place.  Nevertheless, the 3rd floor is never as crowded as the second and you will definitely see regulars.  The showers are clean and the steam and sauna are perfect for when you feel it's time for a spa day, or even hour.
4	I wholeheartedly agree with Mike K. - for your money, this is a great deal in Charlotte. The Dowd Y is a very nice gym that offers a bevy of group fitness classes, up to date (and always functioning) equipment and a super clean atmosphere. Why I love this Y in particular...the machines are always in service (and I've head that techs are out fixing them weekly if need be). They also do not allow any children under the age of 16 in the workout areas. Now, don't get me wrong, I love kids, just not when I'm trying to get my sweat on. As mentioned before, this Y offers so many great group classes. I'm a big fan of Total Strength, Pilates Mat and Kickboxing. I've also heard the Spin classes are great. I've tried Athletic Conditioning, and while it certainly is an awesome workout, make sure you're at least in decent shape before you partake in that class! It's a rough one. As other reviewers have noted, this gym can get packed especially after 5 pm during the weekdays. So be patient while parking. Some classes can get a bit crowded too, so keep that in mind when you're sprawling out your mat or equipment. I haven't had any issues with theft in the locker room, but I'm a big proponent of a big papa lock on my locker. For the money and the friendly service, the Dowd YMCA is a great deal for anyone looking to slim down or tone up.
4	Oddly the best gym in Charlotte; although it is packed between 5-7:30 on a weekday.  Lots of equipment and free weights.  Staff can be a bit rude sometimes, particularly in the 30 minutes before close.
4	Love the Uptown area Y's...especially the Dowd. Very big, with lots of equipment on multiple levels. Even when it's busy, it's not that much of a headache to find an open machine. Every now and then, the basketball games get a little intense and the sound carries into the fitness area. Locker room is large and offers dry cleaning AND shoe shining, which I like. Of the YMCA's near Uptown, this is definitely the best and the largest. Also has the most parking available too. Very welcoming, very clean and and great place to get your sweat on!
4	Been a member of the Y for a couple years now. The Dowd is the location I probably frequent the most since its convenient to downtown and I can stop in and get my workout in before work or while I'm out running errands.There are a lot of amenities that the Dowd has.... indoor pool, racketball courts, bball courts, cardiovascular machines, good size locker room facilities and towel service.I've attended a bunch of spin classes here which are great. Do need to go back at some point... I don't miss the terrifying walk down the stairs after the class since your legs are like jelly.... but that's what you do the class for.The Dowd also has a lot of running groups that meet in front and then take off running around the Dilworth area.    I think I even saw where they sponsored their own half marathon event a couple months ago.1 less star due to the gyms popularity.  Sometimes looking for a parking space can be a workout in itself.  Lately I've just been parking really far away and just jogging in with bag in tow... great warm up.
4	This is hands down the best gym in Charlotte (sans the parking lot, of course!). I could repeat what all other Yelpers have said about the amenities, classes, amount of weights/equipment, but I think the best part about this YMCA is the staff. Always cheerful and attentive, they really make you feel comfortable and encouraged when you walk through the doors. That's something that a person like me (aka I will NEVER EVER EVER love going to the gym) really appreciates and finds helpful in sticking to my 4 days a week program!Another plus is no kids - after coming from the Morrison YMCA in Ballantyne, it's really nice not to have to dodge screaming little ones in the hall or wait for some 14 year old who improperly uses equipment to get done so I can work out!Price wise it's higher than other gyms, but you always get what you pay for and they offer Financial Aid to those who need it!
5	The Dowd Y is by far the best workout facility in the area for the money. From their class selection to workout equipment to friendly staff, you can't beat this gym. With a reasonable monthly fee that gives you access to all the YMCAs in Charlotte, this gym is the best bang for your buck. In terms of classes, the Total Strength and Roc-it Circuit Training are great if you like direction when doing any sort of strength training. The Pilates, Yoga, Cardio Dance and Cycle instructors are all quite helpful and make you feel comfortable whether you're a first-timer or partake in a class every day. Only class that gave me pause was Athletic Conditioning - instructor bellowing orders at me over loud speakers for 60 minutes just isn't my cup of tea - but it is apparently a great workout as people come out of it drenched in sweat. I've very rarely seen an "out-of-order" sign on any equipment, and with multiple floors (including weight and cardio equipment in the ladies locker room), you hardly ever have to wait for a machine. Staff is uber-helpful and always cheery no matter what time of the day. Fair warning: parking can be a bit difficult in the evenings, and is downright ridiculous in January with all the newcomers. So if you're trying to make one of the multiple group exercise classes, give yourself extra time to park to save yourself some stress. Overall great experience; I highly recommend this gym.
4	Yes I am also a gym snob.....I love Dowd hands down compared to Uptown, Johnston, and Gateway.  If you know when to go you wont have trouble parking, there is a lot of parking behind the building too.  The treadmills with the no time cutoff and tvs are my favorite.  Last resort if the place is totally full are the treadmills upstairs.  There is a huge variety of machines, old school and the newer ones that are easier on your joints.  The thing I love about this gym is that the majority of folks that go here are pretty consistently conscious about the machines' cleanliness.I wish that they would get on the ball and start tweeting - especially when we had the snow/ice delays last week!  Grrr!!!
4	Dowd wooed me with its beautiful facilities, spacious women's health club, large pool, bank after bank of treadmills and ellipticals, and lovely views.  I've been a member for a month now, and although the excitement has worn off a little bit, I still get a thrill every time I breeze into the health club area.I've really enjoyed the steam rooms/sauna/jacuzzi, and the cold lap pool has always had room for me.  I'm still trying to determine the best times to swim, but even when I've had to share lanes, everyone has been accommodating.  I really love that it's an adult-only facility, and even though it's packed most times that I'm able to go, at least I don't have to navigate screaming kids and parents.One point off for the meh-ness of the yoga studio area.  For a gym as busy as Dowd, I would expect the yoga studio to be larger, or for there to be more than one studio.  I've learned to come early in order to guarantee a space on the floor.  In addition, although the classes I've attended have been high impact, they've been low atmo - lights ablazing, music non-existent, less emphasis on form than WorkOut.  I was hoping to be able to get by on YMCA yoga, but it looks like I'm going to have to supplement with real studio visits...Despite this, Dowd is still the nicest gym I've attended.
5	This Y is by far the best offered in Charlotte.  I really can't think of a reason to give it less than 5 stars.  The only sticky issue can be parking if you come during peak hours.  This facility is spacious with multiple floors of equipment.  There are always receptionists at the front desk available to answer questions (or in my case help me when I forget my card).  I use the women's gym most often which has machines, free weights, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and showers.  Not to mention they offer free use of their hair dryers and clean fresh towels!!  The locker room is always in pristine condition.  In fact, I've never walked in when a maintenance woman wasn't there!  They also have an array of classes to meet anyone's needs!  Some of the other services available that I haven't used are:- childcare-pro-shop (sell gym gear, drinks, power bars, etc).-poolLove this place!
4	I have been a member of the YMCA here in Charlotte 3 times... I keep going back to them, so that is sure to say something. I live very close to the Dowd Y and sometimes will run to this location or hop in my car to catch a class, even though I can walk to the Gateway location (which I do on some days when I don't have much time). Pros: -Some people may consider this a con but I LIKE the fact that it is busy and very fast paced. As soon as I walk in the door, I can feel the buzz and excitement that everyone here is truly pumped to work out and better themselves. -The Dowd Y has a TON of classes and a varied schedule so you can choose the type of class for you at any time during the day whether it be before work, around lunch time or after work. I would suggest trying the Athletic Conditioning class if you like a challenge! The YMCA's of Great Charlotte posts their monthly exercise class schedule so you can prepare your workout routine in advance. I would like to say these classes are a great way to meet new people, but I am not one to chat while at the gym.. so that may be up to you to introduce yourself to fellow Y-goers. -This Y has a very young member base. I also like this. There are a few older members, who I would say are mainly men, that frequent here but not as many as the other Y's around the Charlotte area. -The staff is always friendly and most of them say Hello as you pass. I have never had a bad experience with any staff of any YMCA for that matter. They give off the vibe that they truly enjoy what they do! =) Cons: -Parking is terrible at times. Mainly around lunch time and especially right after people get out of work from 5-7pm. But don't worry, you WILL find a space. You may just have to circle around the lot a time or two to find one. No biggie. -Around the same times, you may also have to wait for a cardio machine in the cardio area on the main level. This one can kind of be a pain in the ass, and probably isn't such a big issue at other Y's. When I show up around busy times and cannot get a treadmill or elliptical right away, I will usually wait a few minutes until someone gets off and offers me their equipment or I will lift weights first and come back to cardio later. Either one always works. So keep this in mind when you show up straight from work. There WILL be waiting times on certain pieces of equipment. -Layout: The set up of the Dowd Y is so strange, but considering it is in uptown I guess it makes sense. It is squished into a taller building, so a gym of this size covers several floors and it is confusing!! I still get lost and cannot find certain machines at times. I would suggest getting a tour from a staff member when you sign up, although they usually do that anyway. The cardio area on the main level (which is level 2) is really small and has a strangely low ceiling for a cardio area. It is the typical height of an office building ceiling so if you are not used to it, you may feel a little claustrophobic. I have always been used to gyms that are more spread out, spacious with higher ceilings, so frequenting this gym was an adjustment for me, but not one that I couldn't handle. In conclusion, The cons are very minute compared to the pros of this Uptown gym. You could join the Sports and Fitness, which is only a block away from the Dowd Y, for half the price, but you would not be getting the size, variety of fitness classes and sense of community that you would receive at the Dowd YMCA. I pay $40 a month at the Dowd Y and can cancel whenever I need to. No contracts or sign up fee, and it is a monthly draft. This $40 a month also includes the use of the OTHER 2 YMCA's in the uptown area as well! I definitely think this is a much better deal than the close competitor Sports and Fitness. $40 for a monthly gym membership is very reasonable for downtown in a larger city.
5	So since I have given up on Inner Peaks (boo) I have needed a new gym to get myself back into shape...a couple friends recommended Dowd and after a tour I was convinced this would be a great place for me. Wow this gym is like Globo gym in Dodge-Ball!  7 (or 8??) floors, pretty much every type of service you could look for....smoothie bar, dietician, towel service etc.   They keep things fun and interesting with unique classes ..so since I get bored easily this is the main attraction for me! While I think some of the classes are a bit too jam packed, I do think the instructors do a nice job of motivating everyone and offering some individualized attention. I've really liked the pool facilities - and have even ventured into the hot-tub (scary at most gyms, but really is kept up here). I still recommend wearing flip-flops and showering before/after just in case. I'm totally with Nicole in that kiddies are cute and all but not when I am trying to work out- so I like that I know the pool has never been peed in!Overall as a few people mentioned this place isn't completely perfect - parking's a B and  I feel they could amp up the AC in Keith gym but overall it really has exceeded my expectations!
5	I never knew I could love a gym so much! So if you look at this gym from the outside, it looks a bit outdated. Before I started going, I knew alot of people went there which perplexed me since it looks more like an office building from the 60's rather than a gym. But step on it and everything changes..... They have a beautiful lounge area that reminds me of a lounge area on a cruise ship. Tons of comfy seats, windows and free wi fi too! Free wifi at the gym? Yes, I totally go to the YMCA to get my wi fi on. They also have a cafeteria-esque food joint. I can do that because of the spacious locker rooms they have. They have lockers you can rent out on the monthly or bring your own lock and use one of the daily use ones. In the women's locker room they have the standard showers, whirlpool, sauna, steam room but they also have a separate workout room down there complete with cardio machines, machines and free weights. Their showers are bigger than the ones at my house which is pretty small so I can go workout, shower, dry my hair, go to the lounge and "lounge" with free wifi for a couple of hours. Oh yeah, I guess I should talk about the actual gym component eh? I've been to different Y's in Charlotte and Y's in other cities and the Dowd has the most recent models of treadmills, ellipticals and weight machines I've seen. For people without cable (like me) they have tons of machines with tv's, hooray!! Yeah, it gets busy in the morning or right after work but they are open until 10pm on weeknights so there is more than enough time to go!
1	Crime is a problem!  I had my phone and keys stolen from me while I was in the pool at Dowd.  My babysitter had her car broken into in the Dowd parking lot as well. Both of these events took place within the last 2 months.  It is not worth working out at a place where you and your property are unsafe.
5	Join this gym!  I've just moved to Chicago and I miss the Dowd Y so much!  This gym is always clean, there are always employees of some sort nearby doing their job of assistance or cleaning.  Their is plenty of equipment, but peak times can exhaust what's available.  I don't care, I like a busy gym.  Empty ones are dull and boring.Be sure to attend athletic conditioning classes conducted by Becky (if you're advanced) and Roy ( if you're not yet advanced).  They're fantastic and worth the time, you may have to crawl to your car the first time.  Also take yoga from Jonathan or Mary.  All the instructors are very good, but these are my favorites.  I miss you guys!
2	Lets see, what am I in the mood for tonight? So many options! I think I'll start with a run. Oops, all the treadmills are occupied. No problem, I'll just do the stair-stepper. Oops, occupied. Alright, hmmm, then I'll hit some nautilus equipment. Nope, all machines are busy except for the toe-raiser thing and my calves are already bulging, thank you. Ride a bike then? Nope. Play basketball? Do sit-ups on the mats? Lift free weights? Nope. Nope. Nope. Free weight room literally dangerously crowded. Fine, I'll just swim then. No lanes available. I give up.The best workout this gym provides is the walk back and forth from your car, parked 8 blocks away because the parking lot was full.
4	So I've been going a little longer now and have some updated info...I started to  notice that the swim classes were not consistent and not really a challenge so unfortunately I had to give those up. But fear not! I found a couple of great classes- my favorite easily being turbo kick (Meredith C and Anna K are such great motivators- and they will leave you with a killer workout!). I also really like total strength and cardio strength. Recently I tried rock-it-cardio strength which left me very sore and thus I will probably add that one to my repertoire as well. Classes that are iffy include Wednesdays Athletic Conditioning which in itself is difficult but a particular female instructor Becky, is a screamer (in an echo-y gym) and doesn't explain directions well so my first class had to be my last...I left with a big headache! The other iffy one is zumba which I feel focuses too much on the dance aspect and not enough cardio itself - thus it's hard to follow along with the hand gestures but doesn't really give me as intense of a work out as turbo-kick.It took me a few months to figure out I could park in the church lot (and walk in the back area near the pool) but since then I haven't had an hassles in the parking lot as there are almost always spots there. Temp-wise the gym is a little stuffy and gets really crowded. I also wish they capped some of the classes...and specifically offered the weight classes in a room with mirrors (at least the beginner classes) - it makes it easier to keep a flat back and watch your positioning.  Finally if any ladies are reading this - the locker room is just downright uncomfortable at times. Shower curtains are there for a reason and no, I don't want to sit in the hot-tub with you while you're naked after you worked out-gross!  I understand a certain amount of undress is expected but some people (generally the older crowd I might add) take it to an extreme.
5	First of all, this place is phenomenal.  I have a membership to the Morrison (close to work), but decided to come try out Dowd on the weekend since it's so close to my house.I walked in and asked where the cardio machines are.  The staff member behind the counter let me know that they have a few cardio machines in the Women's locker room and the rest were on the next floor.  I walked into the locker room just to check out the machines (imagining a treadmill next to the shower) and was SHOCKED.  And I really do mean I was floored.  The Women's locker room has to be about 2,000 sq ft!  It's enormous!  There is basically a Women's gym inside the locker room!  I fell in love.  Lockers, a Jacuzzi, showers, mirrors to get ready, hair dryers, a cardio room, changing rooms, weight machines, yoga mats, a tv, and more!  Holy crap, did I just die and go too gym-heaven?!Needless to say I didn't actually make it out of the Women's locker room to see the rest of the building.  In my defense, I didn't really need to.  They had everything I needed right there!  What a wonderful place!  I will definitely be back!
5	First of all, the last thing I would do is rate a gym poorly for being crowded. It's obvious right away that the Dowd is a VERY popular place - for good reason. Although parking came be very limited, arriving with that expectation makes coming here at 5:30pm every other day much easier to swallow. This gym is flat out awesome. Many different rooms, great free weight area, great nautilus section, hybrid machine section, etc.But, the best part about the Dowd, for me, is the lengthy class schedule. Every day of the week, many throughout the day, and very accommodating to different sections of the body. Spin classes are awesome, just make sure to sign up for a bike early - they will and always do fill up. Convenient location on Morehead, close to many other parks in the area, and pretty easy to get in and out of. Overall, I love it here and couldn't recommend it enough!
4	I haven't been a member of this gym for very long, but, I have been a member of several gyms and this so far tops them all by miles.  Other than the crowd at peak hours, which of course is usually the only time I'm able to work out, you really couldn't ask for much more out of a gym.  The women's locker room alone is enough to rant and rave about! With tons of room, a separate work out area, and spa you don't even have to leave the locker room to have a good experience at this gym.  I like it because I am able to stretch and warm up before I go out onto the main floor.  My only complaint about the locker room is that some women are a little too comfortable there. If you want to sit around naked reading a book or magazine please do that at home! I guess that's what happens when the locker room is a "cozy" environment. To add, the free weight area is HUGE and I love the hybrid machines, as well as the nautilus section.  I hardly ever see broken down equipment and besides the occasional wait for a machine, you really couldn't ask for much more! My favorite thing about this gym is the classes.  I am the type of person that is much more motivated in a class setting and I love the atmosphere and extra push.  They have so much variety, and many times to pick from which is very helpful! My favorite class is spin, followed by Athletic Conditioning which both leave me feeling "cleansed" and soaked in sweat.  All in all I am very pleased with this gym, and would recommend anyone to go there! :)
5	Been meaning to write an update for the Dowd for the longest time, but today I got a little extra motivation to do it.  Not only has the Dowd provided a great place to work out, but it has given me some consistency (which is nice).  Yes, it tends to be crowded, but if you play around with the times you come in, I'm sure you can find a great time without having to fight the crowds.  For me, it's early in the morning.  The trade off of sleeping in, versus being miserable and waiting for machines is worth it to me and it is a great way to start the day!Location, location, location!... I have recently been doing a lot of running and the Dowd provides a great starting place.  Run down Morehead.... (careful of the uphill coming back to the gym)  I've run up to Tryon and through downtown... but either route you take, its nice to come back to the gym... grab a couple minutes in the steam room... grab a shower and be on your way.There's been a change in some of the spin instructors so I haven't been able to find a great combination of music/instructor, but I haven't been trying too hard.Oh yeah!, the reason for my update.... I was leaving this morning after a brutal 3 mile run I decided to do in the dark, misty/rainy weather.... and I caught a glimpse of a sign. They must have just put it up for 2012, but it reads "This is your year!" which is great motivation every time you leave the gym!  I am hoping 2012 will be MY year and the Dowd will help me (in the words of my favorite Star Trek Captain) "Make it so"....
4	We got a membership at the Y after they started offering their pricing based on income...and our membership at another local gym expired (finally).  I've been trying to get used to the flux of people...after the 1st of the year it went WAY up- the afternoons are so crowded parking is usually a big pain and the classes are completely packed.  I have started going in the mornings and weekends to avoid the masses of people....although that should slowly dwindle as the 'new years resolutions' die down.Overall I like the facility- new/updated equipment and a large selection of classes, which is what I look for in a gym.Looking forward to the crowds thinning out and trying some of the other locations.
3	The Dowd has great facilities, large locker rooms complete with Steam and Sauna facilities, every fitness class you can think of, basketball courts, a pool...It's the ideal place to go to stay fit.The one drawback is that it's not without some sketchy activity.  Recently, I was changing after a workout, and I saw these two guys walking around the locker room.  I didn't think much of it, but someone who was changing beside me said,"Hey - what are you two doing?""Nothin man, we're waitin for ****""I see you casin' the place, I left for a shower you were walkin around, I get back from my shower, you still walkin around""No man, we're just waitin for ****"So the guy who is calling these two sketchy dudes out walks over to the emergency phone, picks it up and calls the front desk.The two sketchy dudes, are acting all tough and cool about it, but literally proceed to walk out of the locker room, up the stairs and out of the building.  I happened to finish up around that same time, and walked out about a minute after them.  I saw them get into their car and drive off - so much for waiting for their "friend"!As I'm watching them leave, another guy who left at the same time as me and was headed home or to work or something says to me,"I can't believe it - they were definitely here looking to get into people's lockers""Yea, definitely, I'm surprised", I replyThe guy says to me "I actually had my locker broken into here not too long ago, my wallet was stolen..."The moral of the story is this - either bring a freakin masterlock with you, or don't change at the gym and just enjoy the facilities!Oh and one more thing - for the money?  the Y charges you based on your income, so if you make decent money, you'll spend $100 a month for 2 people.  That to me is a bit on the pricey side...
3	I have been a member of the Y for a while, and I usually go to Childress Klein, but every once in a while I'll go to Dowd. The classes are good (most Y classes at any location are), but they fill up (be there at least 10 minutes before a yoga class to go in the second the door opens). I went to one 5:30 yoga class that was so full that if you stretched your arms out, you hit your neighbor. I'd suggest limiting the number of people allowed in a class by giving out passes (like they do at Harris). There were times in the class that I had to be more concerned with no running into the person next to me than to of my own practice; not only distracting, but also potentially dangerous. It could cause an injury to adjust your stance just because the people next to your, in front of you, and behind you are all too close (I mean, less than 2 inches between us on all sides).Oh, and the parking sucks, sucks, sucks. For a Saturday morning class, i spent 10 minutes trying to find a space.
4	love the convenience of in-locker room workouts if the main areas are full. also, LOVE the included towel service! on the downside though, for some reason, people like to walk around naked at this y more than any other charlotte-area y i've been to.
4	I love the dowd y . Love that it is so close to my office  making it easy to fit into my day. My favorite class is the roc it circuit training class. My goal is to do 3 supersprint triathalons. Just started the master swim  and I am learning lots. Great support for whatever you do.  Only down side parking if you go between 5-6  although I just received email  that they now have extra parking at surrounding office and church. I like checking in with Bryan on second floor if I don't see him in a while he notices and it keeps me accountable.  Great people working there keep me feeling like I belong  and supported in what ever my goal.
5	5 stars come from my overall experience with gyms in the past and I personally love Dowd Y.  I just realize I haven't written about it.  Look, I am not a big exercise/workout person. And I remember years ago when I first thought about joining, this place intimidated the heck out of me.  Now that I have been a member for awhile, I highly appreciate what it has to offer:1. No annoying kids/teens.  Sorry if I offend some people, but it is hard enough for me to drag myself to workout. I don't want to be babysitting and/or have to listen to some teenage drama.  The general demographic here is young professional.  They have a kids room for the very little ones when the parents are using the Y, but overall no kids running around like the other Ys in the suburb.  2. Towel service. They have small towels for wiping sweat as well as bath towels for locker room usage.  Excellent perk!3. Great hours.  It opens until 10pm weekdays. It opens early but it doesn't affect me, I am not a morning person :)4. Great facilities.  It has so much to offer, from great group classes (at all hours), to pool, basketball court, indoor running track, racquet ball courts and the equipments.  My personal fav is the steam room and sauna. Yes, the parking can be challenging but after a while you can figure out when and where is the best.  Membership can be expensive but they now offer tier membership fees based on income. If you don't make much, you can afford it still.  And the location is very central for people who work or live in town.
4	I used to work out at Dowd way back when I had more time.  At that time, I really enjoyed the racquetball court and I would typically have it to myself (trying to perfect my old handball skills).  On this visit, I was there for a seminar.  I had to find my own way upstairs via the elevator to the room.  There were no signs and no one available to assist me.  Otherwise, the entryway was clean and had an open feeling.  The parking lot was full, so I gather there were many people already using the facility.  This parking lot is always full, which is a good thing for the Y.
5	Having just moved to town, I was told I *have* to go check out the Dowd if I want to join a gym. Man, the guy who told me that did not disappoint; this place is bitchin'. Coming from 24 Hour Fitness, this place is everything I wish a lot of those gyms were. Three full stories, each with a weight room. An unbelievably sophisticated group workout schedule - my kickboxing classes are plentiful and if it's not at the Dowd, it's at one of the other Ys. TVs on the cardio machines. New free weights in the weight room, modern machines. Towel service in every room.I could go on and on, but if you live near Uptown and aren't yet a Y member, you are missing out. Oh, if you have kids, you can't bring them to the Dowd Y on weekdays. I don't, but just FYI.
4	I mean, Dowd is Dowd. It's got a lot of great amenities, arguably has the best mix of instructors, and always has a good vibe. My chief complaint is that it's ALWAYS crowded and you have to show up super early to sign up for classes. My only other complaint is that I sometimes feel inferior in there just because I don't "dress up" to work out... this is more my issue than Dowd's though.All in all, there isn't much to complain about with Dowd... it doesn't provide the personal workout experience that Johnston or even Childress Klein does, but it gets the job done & the staff there is awesome!
4	Been here for ages - huge YMCA with a lot of activities going on. Classes are packed but very high level instructors. Equipment is top of the line. Social scene is pretty good. Basketball games are intense and a good mix of diversity. Biggest downside is the general amount of people that go and the parking situation. Parking can be a nightmare in peak time and it gets EXTREMELY crowded. Tip: If you can go at non peak time (lunch, 5-7 PM), do it, it's almost always worth it.
4	This ymca is very large.  It has 4 floors to exercise.  Like 10 racket ball rooms.  Towel and rags are ease of access to shower and etc.  The downside is that most hours of the day it is crowded because it is located downtown.
3	I visited the Dowd YMCA for the first time last night for a workout and a session in their steam room. Normally I'm a regular at the south Charlotte Y's (Morrison, Harris & Siskey) but since it's a new year, I figured I'd try my hand at visiting this Y after work, since it's only about 1.5 miles from my office. The reviews here helped to convince me to give it a try, so I figured I'd write my own review as well to add to the information.I showed up around 4:45 and managed to find a spot. As soon as I walked through the turnstile I went to the guest relations desk and asked the woman behind the counter if she could direct me to the women's locker rooms. She offered right there to give me a full tour, so I took her up on the offer.The facility is large, and as others have remarked, bustling. There were multiple basketball courts, two sets of lap lanes in the swimming pool (one warm, one cold), and all the other features you'd expect at a gym: spin room, tons of cardio machines just about everywhere you turned, machined weights and free weights. They had several stretch assisting machines and devices throughout the main gym area as well.The women's locker room is indeed huge, and it's overwhelming at first. Lockers abound (I think there are almost too many, there's no way these fill up at 100%). I only found two toilet stalls in the women's locker room, but I'm pretty sure I must have missed another set somewhere. One thing to note: You need a full-sized padlock for these lockers. I have used a small luggage style combo lock at the Harris for a long time, but it doesn't fit the lockers at the Dowd. Fortunately, they'll let you borrow a keyed lock with a driver's license.There are a limited number of machines (perhaps a dozen or two, treadmills, ellipticals, stair steppers, recumbent bikes and rowing machines) and free weights in the women's locker room, and most of them were in use. I opted to climb onto one of the stair stepping machines for 20 minutes to start. After that I wandered the rest of the gym and hopped on a treadmill for a few more minutes. The stair stepper action (it's been awhile since I've used a stair stepper) caused my calf to tighten up uncomfortably, so I only spent another 20 minutes on the treadmill. It's January and as you can imagine, the place is packed to the gills.I decided to ease off and hit the steam room, which let's face it, is the real reason I go to the Y (well, this one and Harris, at least). I just force myself to exercise before I get to the "reward".And this is where the Dowd Y fell short for me. The steam room was the driest steam room I've used, and the full, bright lighting made it  less relaxing than the one at the Harris. It's not serene and quiet, people chat and talk loudly in this steam room. Both the Dowd & the Harris Y have spray bottles of eucalyptus from a "Club Aroma" spa supply place. The eucalyptus bottle at the Harris Y is occasionally running on empty, but when it's filled it is good stuff. The "eucalyptus" at the Dowd was non-existent. They're cutting it so much with water (I presume) that it smells like nothing. The eucalyptus not only helps with opening nasal passages, it also makes the steam rooms smell nice, and this one - since there's no real eucalyptus to spray - smelled decidedly NOT nice.Finally, there's something else others have touched on a bit: the rampant nudity in the locker rooms. Here's the thing - I'm a bit of a prude about nakedness, being as I was raised in the south and taught the naked human form was an evil tool of the devil and all. But in a locker room, I realize that's mostly MY problem, and that the occasional flash of full frontal or a butt is the price you pay for dressing and undressing around other women. There's a difference between flashes of nudity, and the women walking around the Dowd Y locker room for two hours, acting like they're in a nudist colony. Seriously, not a stitch on one particular older woman for two hours, as she stretched, dried her hair, lounged in chairs, and rubbed lotion on her face. I'm real glad for her that she's comfortable with the body she's got, but *I'M* not comfortable with it, and seeing her with her legs kicked up on the chair outside the steam room every time I entered it, just letting it all hang out, was disturbing. And it's not just about looks, I don't care how aesthetically pleasing your naked form might be, at least show a little courtesy and a slight amount of modesty.I didn't find the steam room or the locker room relaxing after my workout at all last night. I saw things no human should have to see, frankly. I appreciate it's close to my office, but I've heard Childress-Klein is too, and a little better about these sorts of things. I'd recommend the Dowd Y, but only to people who really honestly don't care about having strange women exhibitionists waving stuff around in their faces while in the locker room. As for me - I care - probably too much to return.
4	I still love this place, but the hours aren't great on the weekend. Also, the music they play in the main weight room sounds like the Disney Channel and Taylor Swift had an illegitimate child after many nights of sordid rendezvous. I don't wanna listen to that shit while I'm lifting; I wanna get pumped up!They could take a hint from 24 Hour Fitness (which usually plays some pretty bad-ass house music)... or even the music their own group exercise classes play upstairs.
4	nice ymca!!!
4	I was a member of the Dowd Y for about 3 years and then bowed out to move south to the lands of suburban Charlotte. Where Target and soccer fields reign supreme. Well, no longer! I'm back to the Dowd, and boy, oh boy, does it feel good. I love this facility. Easy to access all of the equipment you need. Swimming, cardio equipment, weights, basketball courts...just the works. I've been a racquetball player most of my life and the courts here are fantastic. The crowd that shows up is challenging, lively, and exudes a great deal of sportsmanship. The Y really does formulate a great deal of community. Biggest gripe, as many would agree, is the parking situation. Ha! Good luck finding a space at 5pm on a weekday. You'll circle that old building for half an hour before landing a space! I recommend biking if possible. Much less of a headache. The staff at the front desk and the pro shop are great people, too. Very nice, helpful, and no-frills. They just do what you need and that's all. I also love the baskets of bible verses near the entrances/exits. It's a nice touch. Glad to see this organization is focused on the needs of spirituality as well. Love the Dowd. Love being a member here. That is all.
5	One of the largest in the country, you have to see this Y to truly understand the magnitude of it. That said, it is a bit overwhelming at first and you may have to drive around a few minutes to find a parking space.  While I was only there to use the pool and attend the masters swim practice, the woman at the front desk was very nice and offered to give me a tour of the facility. The women's locker room has just about everything you could need, including a workout area, towels, hair dryers, & an ironing board. There are two pools--cool & warm. Our practice was in the cold water pool. As a swimmer, I am used to cold water pools. However, this pool felt a couple degrees cooler than most. I would have guessed the water temp to be around 76 degrees F that day. Other than water temp, I liked the fact that the cold water pool was only for lap swimming. I also liked the fact that there were not any children at this Y, especially in the lap lanes and workout areas. While it would take me a few visits to become fully oriented with each floor and the location of everything, overall this is perhaps the nicest Y and gym I have been to in the U.S.
4	It's been years since I last visited the Dowd y, it's more convenient working uptown to use Childress Klein, but since I'm committed to not missing a workout under for reason I came hear to take a make up class that I missed at Childress Klein.... the 6am athletic conditioning class was a great workout, the instructor focused more on conditioning and my normal class focuses more on strength.  The equipment is endless and the facilities are clean.  I'll definitely return for that class again.
5	10/10/13Original and first impression:I've been an athlete my whole life and in my 20+ yrs of training all over the world there are not that many chain gyms in US I haven't been to. With that being said I give this Y a firm 5 stars!!! I'm new to the area and was shopping around bs spent a lot of time at they gym ( it takes less time for me to pick out a car then a gym! Lol ). Anyhow, being up early and at the gym by 6sh am I was pleasantly surprised to be greeted w a smile by Dion and Dana. Lets face it, it's not just the gym but the people who work their matter! This Ys team is wonderful and is working w me to figure out best payment option ( I have a startup and new Ys payment system is customizable ). Friendly and helpful staff!As for the gym itself: it's absolutely fantastic! 5 stories of clean, new equipment, 2 swimming pools, plenty if towels.... What more can one want from a work out facility??? W hundreds of people training at all times I've never felt crowded ( note: definitely ask for a trial pass to decide for urself! ) or had to wait for a piece of equipment! Absolutely love it!!!FYI: it's definitely worth looking for a parking spot!
5	Great facility! Amazing staff! Dion assisted me and he was so professional! I will be joining this gym! So much to do there! I simply loved racket ball!
5	Love love love this place and my body after i leave, even though the instructors are pushing my limits to the point where i almost cry :-)
1	Wait 20 mins to get a parking spot then wait 15 for a machine no thanks. Just cancelled and move to Fitness Connection for $10 bucks a month. For that price I can go to a swanky yoga studio on the weekends and still be cheaper than the Y. This place is seriously over sold. Stop selling more memberships when you don't have enough space or equipment to accommodate current members. Serious over crowding issue.
5	This is the best Y in Charlotte and that is saying something considering it's age. Every group class under the sun, loads of cardio equipment, great basketball in the gym and a helpful staff all make working out a little easier.
5	I love this Y so much! I have developed a soft-spot for it in the short 6 months I've been going to it. My work situation had recently changed, making the Dowd a less convenient option for me, but I've decided to keep my membership just so I can go whenever I can. The facility is full-service, and it has just about everything I need. Everyone who works there is very nice and helpful. I still have to wait for a machine every once in a while, but that's to be expected at such a popular place.I love that the Dowd isn't overrun with kids like Harris is. Dowd still has a child care center and kid-centered activities, but I can go to this Y, be an adult, and not have to dodge 500 kids in the hallway.The women's locker room is huge. I don't lounge around in the buff like some other members do, but I appreciate the shame-free environment. At Harris, I feel like I have to constantly cover up and worry about offending people. At Dowd, I can change my clothes without acting like I'm rushing to go on stage in 30 seconds. I'm constantly on a search for nice steam rooms, and Dowd's is very good. It's large and the cleanest one I've seen so far. It's a tad too hot for me, but not a huge issue. The showers are kept very clean, and I appreciate that.I am always recommending the Dowd to friends and family. It's a great place, and I'm thankful that it is in Charlotte.
4	This is the place to be in Charlotte. I am a nighttime gym-goer, and I needed a gym with late night hours. The Dowd is open until 10 during the week, which while I would prefer 11, works for me. Also, going at non-peak hours saves me from the parking and crowding issues that others seem to face- ain't no crowds at 9:30 pm! I generally stay in the Women's Fitness Center, which is a gym inside itself, but every now and then I'll make it upstairs. The desk staff is always friendly, and there are plenty of amenities to utilize. The one area I haven't ventured into yet are the group exercise, mainly for scheduling reasons, but I am eager to sneak into one one day.
4	Wow. I am visiting from Boston and have traveled to a bunch of YMCAs, but this is by far the most impressive facility. They have a women's only fitness center in the women's locker room for Pete's sake! The machines in there have seen better days, but the gym on the third floor is top notch. They have a piano! The staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling. I'm only not giving the facility 5 stars because their visitors policy is 3x per month, which is very limiting for me as a member of another YMCA and as someone who travels for work. Their membership dues are based on household income, which is an interesting model that clearly allows them to expand membership opportunities for lower income households and provide the community with an amazing gym. Love that!
5	Heard Boy George singing "do you really want to hurt me?"@the weight room, today. How could the music be more appropriate?Been going here since the eighties. Wonderful Midcentury landmark building with updated interior. Only drawback to this busy location is the lack of orientation people have while navigating the building. I need to stick my hand out beyond any blind corner to keep from being run over. Friendly staff but I'm not usually there to talk to them. Men's locker room/shower is sometimes like a family reunion for 3rd world countriesThey just need a few signs demanding that people walk on the right and stop with the drama and discussions in stairwells and corridors     Hope I didn't insult anyone. It's one of the great old institutions of Charlotte
5	Still favorite Y in area.  Convenient location, but parking can be a bear.LOTS of different workout programs available.  Friendly, professional and caring staff.DIG that they still provide towels.  Great assortment of daily workout types, where seeing 80 year old mixing it up with Millennial Hipster is not unusual.Fit or flabby, young or young at heart, come all and get healthy!
4	Not one to write reviews unless really compelled.  This gym is impressive; it ranks up there with some of the pricier gyms (equinox and NYSC) I have been a member of. I find myself getting bored with class offerings after taking them for prolonged periods bc the instructors get lazy--same music, same routine...blah blah blah.  I did my research before joining. I looked at Charlotte Athletic Club, Gold's and a few boxing spots. I use the gym for group classes and this place offers quite a bit. The classes offered run will into the evening (8pm), a must for those who have to run errands after work.  and the class instructors are great--they keep things interesting with new routines and music from week to week. The website is up to date with classes and instructors. The price is great for what you get --19 locations locally!The staff is friendly and accommodating. They speak to you when you arrive/depart. They pick up the phone when you call and they have answers to questions! I mean, that alone is amazing. One of my cleats from my cycle shoe got stuck in the bike yesterday. The instructor took my info on what appeared to be scratch paper and said he would pass along my info. Sure, I thought.  I called this morning to follow up and the lady who answered the phone knew exactly what I was talking about, before I even got the full sentence out! I know folks have mentioned the parking; I have not had an issue. There are a few other parking lots they might not know about, and if you time your arrival you can find people leaving. Not bad. It does get crowded during peak hours but that is to be expected. I can only imagine what the place will look like come January. It is nothing that would deter me bc as I said, facility is impressive.
2	Would not recommend, free weight room is inadequate for the amount of members. Only 2 squat racks and very low ceilings make it seem even more packed than it is. Serviceable gym during non-peak hours but I would suggest finding another place to work out if you are really in to weight lifting.
3	The good: Great gym, great classes, great instructors. Hours are amazing and the equipment is newer up stairs. They've added a few more classes. Pools are fantastic. The juice spot is great! Staff is nice. The bad: parking is impossible.  Seriously if you plan to come at 4:30-7:00 monday-friday, forget about parking. You will not get a spot. The woman's locker room equipment is nasty, the circuit equipment makes me cringe, there's always two elliptical broken or stair masters are broken. More parking would be the first thing to figure out!!
