4	This place is really good. A little overpriced but good. Reminded me a little of a Smashburger but not smashed and better ingredients. The best part that I loved was the Sweet potato fries. I got the vegetarian burger which was good wish it had a bit more on it to help replace the loss of the meat but overall tasty. I loved the hamburger buns that they use almost so much that I was questioning going up and seeing if they would just let me buy a bag of those. This place just opened up in Town Square which is a nice addition. When we went we had no idea it was only their second day open because it was running quite smoothly. Another great thing about this place is that it is great for kids cause as you wait for your food the walls have that chalk board paint so kids can play and write on the walls to help them be preoccupied while the food comes. They have plenty of TVs which were on the football games when we arrived. When I am back in town or at the town square I will defiantly go back here for lunch. NO DOUBT!!! I wish there was one in my original hometown.
1	Food was decent but the service was flat out terrible. They quoted having communication problems, but it was just a disastrous mess of customer service. We waited 30 mins for our food without being checked up on. Only plus was the better than average chicken sandwich I had.  DTM out.
3	Had lunch there today. Was immediately greeted enthusiastically and had no trouble ordering. Place was busy but not packed. We had a BBQ burger w/ sweet potato fries and a I love bacon burger with regular fries. Came out pretty quickly and was suitably hot. Thumbs up on both burgers. Cooked nicely and were quite tasty, however the meat could have been a little juicier. Fries were crispy and well seasoned. I do think it's pricey for the product; hence only three stars (average). Not great value. Chalk it up to high rent at Town Square.  I think they'd better up the quality if they want to make it there. I personally think one can get an equal or better burger at just about any tavern in town, not to mention In'nOut, Smashburger, and Five Guys. Not sure if we'll go back, since there are many other options for food there.
1	The pro would be that the staff are friendly.  The young man behind the counter was polite and helpful.  So the staff was the best part of our experience.Now for the food.  The burgers were ok.  My wife's burger said it had bacon but there was none.  The barbeque sauce was not very good.  She also ordered Onion Rings and they were to crispy and the sauce that came with them was not very good (tasted like a bad thousand island dressing.  My fries were ok but they were very thin and obviously had been frozen.  The worst part of the meal was the $6.00 for each shakes.  My wife ordered the triple  chocolate which came with powered chocolate on top and was just to strong for even a triple.  I ordered a strawberry which was totally uneatable.  I had marshmallows on top and some terrible spice mixed in that made it so bad after one taste I had to put it down.  $12 for shakes that we could not eat.  I was expecting great things from such pricey ice cream.Our whole bill came to over $35 and we both said we could have had a much better meal for that price.  I do not mind spending money on food if it is worth it but clearly this food was not.  I wish we had checked Yelp before we decided to try it.
4	The staff is very friendly and informative.  I love the bacon burger.  I guess most people don't know but the patty is bacon and beef brisket.  All in all my experience was great.
3	We recently had lunch here trying the fried pickles, burgers and shared/sampled various shakes.  The food overall is average with the Oreo shake being the standout of all the things we tried.  The service was good as the guy working the dining room was engaging and helpful.  I like IN N Out, Five Guys and Bachi Burger better but this is close to my work so I will be back.
2	My friends and I had lunch here last weekend and I was not overly impressed with the place. I am a fan of a good burger and actually enjoy making my own from scratch so I'm always curious as to these burger restaurants and how they compare against my own and other establishments. I Love Burgers is ok but I probably wouldn't frequent the restaurant. The ordering process was easy with variety of burgers to choose from. You can pick between 1/3 pound patty or a 1/2 pound patty (more to love) for $1 more. I chose the Inferno Burger more to love (1/2 pound patty, with pepperjack cheese, jalapenos, and a spicy mayo). The combo was $4 more (and it came with your choice of regular fries, sweet potato fries, or tator tots and a drink). I chose the tator tots. The burger itself was jiucy and pretty tasty. However, it was overpowered by the amount of jalapenos that were added on to the burger. I didn't feel like it was that large of a burger for the price that I paid ($7.99) and for the price of the combo meal, left a little bit unsatisfied. The tator tot side is a nice touch and option instead of fries.For the price, I definitely feel like I can have more food elsewhere or get a better quality burger for the price at another place (like Bachi Burger).
2	If I had to sum up I Love Burgers in three words, they would be "didn't love it".My wife and I ducked in here during a visit to town square. Yardhouse looked busy and we wanted something more casual, so we thought we would give this new place a try. It certainly looked low-key.I ordered "The Inferno" and a side order of onion rings. It was rather expensive for what you got. The onion rings were fine, tasty enough, but at around six bucks for the serve there were so few that you were looking at just under a buck per onion ring. for this price there should be enough of them to share with the entire table -- even at a place like Town Square --- particularly when you can get a gargantuan tower of much better onion rings, mere feet away, at Yardhouse for not very much more.The burger itself was OKish - I know they call it "inferno" and I LIKE hot things, but I have become used to hyperbole when dealing with "hot" fast food where words like "inferno" simply mean, spicy. They aren't kidding around here - The Inferno burger comes with fresh, not pickled, jalapenos, complete with seeds. They are only lightly seared and remain a little bit crunchy, so it's almost like you have partially raw, crunchy, cut up peppers in your burger. After a few bites my eyes began to water, my nose began to run, and I had to take a long drink after every bite. Hot and spicy is one thing, but as another reviewer said, the jalapenos in The Inferno totally overwhelm the other flavours. I also wasn't crazy about the very soft buns here, either. I prefer a slightly crusty bun, but I understand that in the US people generally prefer the soft bun, so I'll put that one down to cultural preference and leave it at that. the problem is, though, that everything about the burger -- soft bun, soft pattie -- (with the exception of the crunchy jalapenos) was a bit gummy and mushy. There wasn't any feeling of substance to each bite.Overall, I Love Burgers serves up a product that I don't feel is vastly superior to places like Jack in the Box and Carl's Jr. Yes, it IS better than these places in that the ingredients are clearly of good quality and the burger is well assembled, but at the end of the day it's still very clearly a fast food offering. With prices and a location like this, I feel that these guys could go that extra mile toward turning out something truly remarkable, worthy of reminding punters why burgers are something they might one day fall in love with all over again.
3	**AN IMPROMPTU UYE AT I LOVE BURGERS**Following the Elite Yelpy Santa Snack Attack and Town Square Shop Local Crawl CMYE, Misti Y. said she was hungry and was going to I Love Burgers, and asked if any local crawlers would like to join her for what turned out to be an impromptu UYE.  For, six crawlers ultimately did.  Besides myself, they were Anthony M., Diane T., Heather, Kevin P., and Vincent.  I looked forward to my meal, because since Restaurant Week when I just did not have time to fit it in, I wanted to sample I Love Burgers' hamburger at The Palazzo.  Now, here we were instead at a fairly new second location at Town Square.Employees were very friendly, and seemed pleased to have our group there.  I was initially surprised that the menu was much more varied than just a few burgers, so it took me awhile to order, and I ultimately decided to sample various items.  In the end Misti shared her Fried Pickles, I shared my Nom Noms, and Kevin P. shared his Sweet Potato Fries.  So, we had a nice sampling among us, except for the intriguing milk shakes in several unusual variations.  Maybe next time!To my further surprise, I was more impressed with the Nom Noms and Ahi Tuna Sliders than the 5-oz. Classic Burger reflected in the restaurant's name.  If I see a food item in a restaurant's name, I just assume that this will be its featured and foremost dish.  Not so this night!  While the burger was good, it was not real juicy.  It was covered by a fresh tomato slice and nicely melted cheese which I liked, but also a leaf of dark green lettuce which was fresh but not crisp.  And, I prefer my lettuce crisp.  I very much liked the soft bun on which the burgers are served.  And, as I suspected, 5 ounces of meat were plenty; the 7-ounce patties should be reserved for the most serious carnivores, or those just focusing on a single burger--not someone like me adding three sliders and Nom Noms.I had ordered my burger medium-rare, as did Diane rather vociferously, and we were told that the burgers would be prepared medium-rare.  While mine was cooked a little beyond that mark it was close to medium-rare, so I have no complaint about that.  But by its appearance I could tell that Diane's burger was plainly cooked medium-well to well done.  And poor Vincent never got his ordered hamburger at all until we were about ready to leave.  The kitchen had somehow forgotten to make it!  Not a good sign!I found the French Fries to be crispy and very good tasting.  I also liked the one Sweet Potato Fry I tried.  And, while Fried Pickle slices were rather thin, they were good and tasty, too.  The ahi tuna in the sliders was fresh, cool, and rare, just like they should be, with quite spicy slaw but cool avocado slices and carrot shavings to offset its hotness.  Buns were soft and pliable.And, the Nom Noms were great!  I would come back just for them!  These large bites of fried mac 'n cheese were so cheesy and rich that I only ate two of six, and gladly gave the remainder to my dining companions to see for themselves what I was raving about.  The Nom Noms had been deep-fried, and when bitten into exuded gooey melted cheese just waiting to be released.  These heavenly bites could also be dipped in an accompanying cheese sauce for even more cheesy goodness.Ordinarily, I rate a restaurant based on just what I encounter, based on my tasting of food items, and my own overall experience.  Rather than relate what dining companions would like me to add to my own observations, I generally advise them to write their own reviews based on their own dining experience if they feel strongly about something that occurred to them.  So, here, based on my total experience alone, I was ready to award 4 stars.  But I don't feel that I can ignore Diane's overdone burger or Vincent's missing burger, which I saw with my own eyes.  They were part of my observations, too.  Thus, I regard this as a 3-star overall dining experience.  And, while I would rate many other places that are known for their hamburgers higher for that single food category alone, this is not just a hamburger joint.  And, that should be kept in mind by diners who like a greater diversity of offerings in one location, including salads and chicken as well.  Or by eclectic diners like me who like to mix things up in the same meal.  So I think I Love Burgers has promise.  And, I will probably return.
1	Wish I would've checked Yelp before we went in :/After seeing a movie with the fam we decided to try this place out. We walked in and it reminded me a bit of five guys so I was looking forward to what they had to offer. They have more of a variety than five guys, but charge you $1 ea for the toppings and let's not forget if you want a double patty they charge you the cost of another burger :/ pretty lame if you ask me.After looking over the menu we order our food. My mom and I asked for medium rare burgers while the rest of the fam got your standard well done. After ordering our food we sat down and I noticed they were using frozen patties (strike 1), we waited about 25-30 mins for our food when it wasn't busy (strike 2), they brought mine and my moms burgers to us first, we took a bite only to find out it was over cooked and dry (strike 3). How hard us it to cook a burger medium rare people??? I do not like dry burgers :( Had I not been starving, and knew it wouldn't take ANOTHER 25mins, I would've made them cook another one, but I didn't want to chance the LOOOOONG wait...almost forgot to mention how tiny the burgers were (strike 4). Could've gone to mcdonalds, payed less for the food, fries and drinks included, and would've enjoyed that better! For the outrageous price you're paying you should get your food exactly the way you ask for it!! The only thing nice I have to say is the service was ok, the buns were tasty, and the seasoning on the frozen not fresh burger was ok....overall, horrible experience! We should've just gone to Carls Jr or In n Out  :(
4	I didn't know what to expect when I went here. I saw an ad while shopping at the mall and thought burgers would be great for lunch. I ordered the inferno( a spicy burger) with fries and a drink. Fries were good and they actually carry coke products which is hard to find in Las Vegas. My first visit I ordered the mac and cheese bites. I thought they were good but not worth ordering again. Second time around I ordered  the seared tuna sliders and was in love with them. A different burger and tater tots were just as good. Fresh burgers with good service. I will make sure to stop by whenever in the neighborhood.
2	3 burgers, fries, onion rings and a shake (lunch for 3) was more than $50.  Food tasted good but we could have eaten at Firefly for that much money. Burger was tasty but on the small side. Sweet potato fries had cinnamon-sugar on them, which I liked but not everyone would. Coffee-bean milkshake was amazing (also $6)
4	12/30/11 DINNER.I belong to a local Meetup.com group of "foodies". We've decided to try various burgers around town. Lots of high-end and low-cost. So I booked a table for 10 here, to give it a try.To say I was VERY happy with the service is an understatement. As we were a larger group, they offered us the ability to RESERVE in advance as well as table service (vs their standard order-then-sit, which they offer to the gen pop). They were FANTASTIC. Back room, separate checks, constant attention, we must've driven them CRAZY, as like I said, this is a fast-food establishment (order first, get table after), not a dining-with-service place.The burgers unfortunately were a little disappointing, in that their "medium" turned out to be more "well done". (We prefer rare to medium rare, anyway.) But this is fast-food, not fine dining burgers like Burger Bar or such. And yes, they were expensive. But the Inferno (the hottest flavored offering of the bunch) was, indeed, HOT! YAY! And the "I heart Bacon" was good, lots of bacon on and IN the patty! Both had nice flavor.But the best thing in the place was the fried pickles! It was the best example of fried pickles we had ever tried. EVER. And then there were the NOM NOMS: deep fried mac & cheese cubes. They were light and flavorful, and the dipping sauce was great.Oh, and their chopped salad had a CUMIN dressing! In a fast-food burger place! Really fresh and tasty.So I can't give them a perfect score, but near perfect.
1	Are you kidding me with this place? Took my three children there because we love Town Square and they were eager to try the new burger restaurant that recently opened. We walked in - and first thing I noticed was that even though there were maybe five tables seated - no one had food yet. Everyone was waiting. Ok. Maybe they just got a rush. We order at the counter, and the girl was very pleasant, even when our total came to almost $60. Really?! This was for nom-noms, chicken fingers (no fries), two burgers with fries, and three milkshakes. One would think that for this price, food and service would be impeccable, especially when it is set-up like a glorified cafeteria. Oh but no ...Food arrives. My son's order is wrong and needs to be sent back. (He ordered a BBQ Burger and was given a cheeseburger.) My younger son's burger is undercooked and needed to be sent back. (We like our burgers medium. This was RARE. Like, tar-tar in the middle.) It may have been tasty, but too risky for my 6-year-old to eat. Fries were good. Chicken finger 'appetizer' which were @ $6? Only 3 fingers. $2 a finger. Umm ... ok. Shakes were tasty, but for $6 a pop, they should exceed mere tasty.Here's the kicker. We chose a table that gave us a great view of the cooks, who spent A LOT of time laughing, joking, chatting (I'm all for fun in the workplace, but they were LOUD, in an already loud restaurant), and every time a woman would walk by, my children and I got to hear a full review of what they thought of her chest, her butt ... whatever. I was so embarrassed for the women, for my family, and for the cooks for making such jackasses out of themselves. I wanted to complain, but just decided to leave instead. My guy suggested I complain on Yelp, so here I am. We won't be back.
1	Wow! I cannot believe this place can charge this much for a so-so burger. It was small, flavorless, and I swear I tasted freezer burn. I laugh at the fact that I spent so much and received so little in return. Oh, did I fail to mention that it also cost me $1 per topping?! I do not understand the rave about these burgers.I also ordered a half-shake, at least that is what I call it. A $6 mini-shake. I can understand if the quality is great, but come on. The shakes at McDonald's are just as good.This place is not a fine dining establishment, so why must I wait 22 minutes for a so-so burger, fries, and a mini-shake? Oh right, there were two of us.Sorry, but I was really let down. I just wanted a decent burger and to enjoy this place. I will not return. It is a shame with all the clientele running through Town Square, you would think they would step-up their game.
3	I am torn between 2 stars and 3. The first time we came here, we got nom noms (yum!) and fried pickles( yay!) and a the caprese burger. We all really enjoyed our meal...so we went back again.First of all, the food took a really really long time.I got the veggie burger. ZOMG this was food that made me literally want to gag. It tasted like flour and I mean that in the very worst way possible.Worst Veggie Burger EVER.I sent it back and got a salad. This also took a long time, though the salad was very tasty.BF got sick from his burger on this visit. Though I suppose greasy food might = you takes your chances.I suppose I'd go for a third try. But it seems hit or miss.Extra half star for having a very decent beer selection.
2	I didn't realize that I Love Burgers was a walk-up, fast food style place. It's nicely decorated. Good atmosphere.I had the I Love Bacon burger without the mayo or onions, tater tots, and ice tea. It was all fine. I could eat there again, try a different burger. I woudn't seek it out though. I didn't notice any bacon inside the brisket patty. Perhaps it was ground into the brisket? It was done and a tad dry. Tots were standard fare. Ice tea was strong and in need of lemon.
1	This review is not written in anger, however I felt completely ripped off at this place. The price was high, the burgers were dry, and service was slow. I would say more, but it just feels like I'm being nasty. Let's just say my boyfriend and I were very disappointed. The only reason I would go back is out of curiosity for the mac n cheese bites. I only hope that the management will learn from these comments.
3	I love burgers too, but still...OK, I'm not going to be Captain Bringdown here. It wasn't BAD. Service was friendly, and wait time for our table was fairly average. Not instant, but also not waiting forever. Burger selection was good. My friend chose the Standard, and I went with the Upstream Burger, which was a salmon patty. Grilled, not fried, so bonus for that.There wasn't much atmosphere to speak of, but at least it was clean.And the food was acceptable. Unlike my other reviews on here, I don't particularly have any superlative adjectives for I Love Burgers. It was good. That's about it. Fries were good. Atmosphere good.There are a lot of places I can get "good" though, and for less. Or I could go to Holsteins, Burger Bar, or one of many other places, shell out a few more bucks and get "great."I'm not poo-poohing the place, but the only reason I can think of to really recommend it is if you're in Town Square for whatever reason, you don't want CPK, you can't afford to get Claim Jumper in your budget, and Yardhouse has a game on and you don't want to deal with the rowdies. THEN I Love Burgers might be a good choice.
4	Welcome to Las Vegas, a foodie's dream.  And one thing this city does well is burgers.  Not only do you have the chain restaurants (Fatburger, In-n-Out), but you've also got wonderful high-end burger joints that make you oh-so-happy to be a carnivore.  One of these delicious spots is I Love Burgers.The original 'I Love Burgers' location is within the Shoppes at Palazzo, which I've only visited once due to the steep prices.  They've now added a new location at Town Square, and it's much more in my price range. This new location has a more "express" feel, which means no waiters and a self-serve ketchup counter. The atmosphere is fun and casual, with floor to ceiling chalkboard walls for the kid in you.  So do you want to know about the food?  Okay, I guess that would make sense.  This restaurant is aptly named, because you can tell that love goes into these burgers.  Each delicious item, from the fried mac-n-cheese "nom noms" to the juicy 7-ounce Inferno burger, is just as lip-smacking good as the Palazzo location, but the prices are cheaper. And for those who steer away from red meat, they've got chicken, veggie, and fish alternatives.  On this visit, I chose the Upstream, a grilled salmon burger on brioche bun. Great flavor, and the perfect serving size. Overall, I give it a thumbs up.  The staff was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.  The wait time was minimal.  The food was awesome.  We'll definitely be back.
5	I had a great experience with my family the other day. We sampled a few burgers - all were great, we had the Nom Noms - excellent. A real highlight is the fried pickles - WORLDCLASS! The restaurant was clean, there are chalkboards all over the walls, my kids loved writing on them. I didn't have any beer, but the selection looked great and I will get over there again to enjoy some - I did notice some Happy Hour specials too - that's a good thing! Check it out, my family loves burgers and we love them here too!
2	First off, do not come if you are in a hurry. Kitchen staff seems discontent and bored.Natural cut fries.  Not really sure what that means.  They are machine cut and flavorless.  If they aren't frozen they have done an excellent job of recreating that experience.So onto the burger.  The shiny bun reminded me of in n out but it turns out to be more dense and kind of heavy.  The burger is cooked to order ...  As long as you would order med well.  Unfortunately I am a med rare guy.  I am a minimalist with toppings so I chose American cheese and a squirt of ketchup.  The burger is lightly salted and heavily peppered and very average.   Overall this place is very average.  If you are stuck its ok. But there are many better burgers to be had in Vegas.
1	Very expensive, burgers were rare, fries were cold, onion rings were gross and way over priced! Wouldn't come back here again! Not a fan at all of this place and I'm mad that I wasted my money here! Never again...
1	Portions are small for the price and burgers are not that great. Service was not good. they shouldnt leave open kitchen to see them messing around while you wait for your food and the place is empty. Many better options if your craving a good burger.
1	(I initially posted this on the wrong location.) I don't love these burgers. The staff was friendly enough. That's the one star.We got here around 8pm on a Thursday. It was positively deserted, save the wax figure of The Rock accosting you upon entry. (I have no idea what that's about.)The burgers, for the smallest one, is $5.99.  And if you want anything on it, it's a $1 per item. And if you want fries and a drink? ANOTHER $4.99!  So basically, you're paying like $12-$15 for a burger n' fries. If I'm going to spend that much, I'll blow the extra $5 and go to Holstein's. If I'm eating food out of a basket, I expect to pay under $10 for it.The atmosphere is very "off campus burger joint", not something you'd find in Town Square. But a college student couldn't afford to eat here.It was all tables and chairs, so it didn't really seem like the kind of place you'd hang out in and drink beers at happy hour, which is something they push heavily. There's lots of ads and chalkboards for happy hour cocktails and beer bucket specials.  Their burger options were kind of minimal, too. The turkey burger seemed to only be available if you got it with cranberries and stuffing, which defeats the purpose of a healthy turkey burger. No bun options, either, so no wheat for me.So I got the smallest burger they offered (5 oz).  When it finally arrived (we waited quite a while), it seemed like far more than 5oz.  And it was DENSE, like a hockey puck kinda. It didn't taste bad, per se, just a bit dry and like I said, dense. It was a bit bland, as well. I asked the hostess what kind of beef they served and she proudly declared, "100% angus beef!" and I said, "can you tell me how much fat? Like is it 80/20 or 85/15?"  I asked because usually a burger that dense and dry is rocking a 7% fat content.After, I swear to god, 15 minutes and lots of confusion and chicken without a head-type running around, the cook came out and told me -- get this -- "It's 80/20, but when we're done cooking it, it's 85/15."That's not quite how that works, sport, but ok.  It's one or the other, you don't have the authority to determine how much fat is in it after you've cooked it. You have to go by what's in it before.  But after all that running around and looking in the freezer, clearly, no one has any idea what they're cooking.I shan't be going back here, unfortunately.  Like I said, the staff was nice enough, but other than that, it's not my bag.
3	It was just okay.  Lot of $$ for an okay burger and fries.  The best part about this place is they have a chalk board room where the kids can color while waiting for their food.
3	They had a facebook promotion for a free classic burger so I decided to give this place a shot. Walked in and was greeted by the general manager. He was very kind as was the girl who took my order. I added on some "Nom Noms" which were mac n cheese balls that were fried. The food was pretty quick maybe ten or fifteen minutes and considering the place was pretty busy that seemed pretty impressive. The burger itself looked absolutely amazing. The bun was a beautiful golden brown and looked as if it was baked on location and to order. The patty was a nice medium rare which is just how I like it. Perhaps I am spoiled a little bit by In-and-Out and their toasted buns and super fresh and crunchy veggies. I was really missing it with this burger. The bun was super soft and doughy and although it had a thin layer of lettuce and tomato I just didn't get any crunch or texture out of it. The patty was decent but I just wasn't tasting anything special. The cheese was a nice visual but offered nothing in terms of flavor. As for the nom noms... they were pretty tasty. Primarily because of the cheese dipping sauce. I wish they had given me enough to use on my burger. I guess the bottom line with this place is if you are in Town Square and want a burger for 6 bucks then go for it. It wont blow you away but it will hold you over compared to a lot of the expensive places located near by. Good Service, good quality, lacks any type of wow factor though. For 6 bucks you get a classic burger which is a single patty with cheese, lettuce and tomato. Personally I will be sticking to in and out for burgers and Yard House (Happy Hour) for Town Square dining.
1	Dry nasty expensive burgers!! I almost choked on one of their burgers because it absorbed all the spit in my mouth. If you want a great cheap burger go to In and Out. Not much more to say.
1	Come on close this Place or make Good Food. Burgers are spoooo  tiny i mean tiny. Mc donalds tiny Size i mean, Same quality but you Pay 6$ for it. Fries ok nothing Special. I m picky with my Food but this Place Sucks. If you are hungry Skip this Place. I forgot the awfull Desserts. Even they are .... Come on!
3	I really like the whole chalk board walls.  I've wanted to do the same to one of my walls at home for awhile.  You can draw and write all over the walls while killing some time and waiting for your food to come out.  They also wrote their menu on it.  Just watch out when you're walking around because you might forget about the chalk, bump into the wall, and get chalk all over your clothes. LOL I didn't bump into the wall but someone else did and of course I told um about it, not right away.Their kitchen is open so we get to watch as they create our burgers, apps, and shakes.  They also have an outside dinning area.I came here with a free standard burger coupon, a quick lunch.  It was free so it was pretty good but had I paid, it probably wasn't worth it.  I've had nicer burgers with good fries for the same price in nice restaurants. This was the "standard" plain burger just a burger with cheese, lettuce, and tomato in a bun. Their other burger options on the menu seems tasty.There really wasn't any customer service.  There was a cashier, you order and pay when you come in, and the person who brings your food, that's it. Self serve soda and condiments.I'll probably be back since I only tried the standard burger and haven't fully experienced I Love Burgers.  Plus it's in a good location near yard house, blue martini, and rave theater. Maybe I'll try the triple chocolate shake or some desserts, the menu online says there's creme brulee and bread pudding, always fan of those. There's parmesan garlic fries, not a fan regular cut fries anymore so I have to see if they can give me parmesan garlic steak fries instead.Noticed that they have free meal upgrades on Thursday, happy hour specials, and a good selection of my favorite beers which are always nice to see.
2	Over priced dry burger. I ordered the standard with with pepper jack cheese jalapenos and an order of onion rings and a regular drink. The total came out to around 16 dollars. I thought to myself this burger better be worth it. We sat at one of the tables over looking the kitchen. I like the open kitchen feel you can see how your food is being cooked. To my surprise the onion rings came out pretty quick, hoping my burger would come out shortly. 15 min later my burger finally came out and by that time my onion rings were cold. I would have been ok if both came out at about the same time. The presentation of the burger was good and was pleased to see fresh jalapenos instead of your typical pickled peppers. Upon taking the first bite I found the burger to be very bland and very dry. I asked for a few cups of ranch to make up for the dryness of the burger. Ironically the only thing that I enjoyed was the ranch. Nice and thick and not watered down. Overall like I said over priced dry burger. Their beer selection looked promising so I may come back for a few beers and maybe their appetizers but definitely not for their burgers. I "Love" their Ranch but not their Burgers!
1	For a burger place they don't ask how you want it cooked, not many options and the service is mediocre.. Sorry and they is plastic cups for sodas instead of reusable .. Super wasteful not environmentally friendly
3	The food was decent. My only issue is the prices. You're getting restaurant prices in a fast food type setting. And they took forever to get us our food. There were only 2 of us and a group who had ordered after we did with 4 people got their food before we did. I probably won't waste my time going there again.
5	Been here a few times, both busy and not busy and the service and food are consistently good. I really love the BBQ burger. Their sides are pretty good too. The milkshakes may take some time to come out but they are totally worth the wait.
3	Overall, it was good but it wasn't the best burger I've ever had.  It's a good option at Town Square, and I hope that it will stick around since it seems like it's particular location has a hard time.  (It was previously a pizza joint.)It was pricey for what seemed like an average burger, i.e., the normal toppings/condiments.  I'm not a fan of super fried stuff (other than french fries) so the menu seemed a bit limited to me.  (My husband, on the other hand, had trouble choosing between the different burgers.)I like that they offer beer, and I believe they have happy hour.  They also have free wi-fi  and were showing various sports games on tv's.I'll probably go back but it's not a must try or die type of place.
2	I expected to encounter long lines due to a free burger promotion on this Thursday at lunch time, but the place was not busy.  Though this restaurant has been open for several months, we were told by an employee that no one knows its open because of its location at the far end of the center.  The coupons, I printed 2, were good for standard burgers that come with lettuce, tomato, onion and American cheese plus we shared a soda.  The burgers were tasty, but dry from being overcooked.
5	Absolutely awesome! We were greeted right away by a smiling face, weren't rushed to order, and noticed how incredibly clean the place was! We sat by flat screen tv's, watched ESPN, and before we knew it, in less than 5 minutes our juicy burgers were ready. Even the bun was noticeable delicious! The natural cut fries were cooked perfectly, and my boyfriend had the sweet potato fries that reminded me of a warm cinnamon sugar funnel cake. Yum! While eating we were asked by 3 different staff members, one being the manager, how we were doing. Every answer was muffled by our happy mouths being completely filled. Overall, it was a great, quick-service, delicious dining experience! We'll be back for sure!
1	My chicken burger was very dry. My partner's BBQ burger was mediocre at best. We complained, but all they said was they are sorry. Not worth the $9.00 a burger.
3	I was prepared to not love it here based on a bunch of low ratings from respected Yelpers.  But their Tuesday happy hour from 3pm-8pm which included $2 draft beers, half off all the appetizers, $2 off all specialty cocktails AND THEN buy one get one free burgers from 1pm-5pm could not be passed up!So commenced our one meal day at 4:30pm to a mostly deserted restaurant.  I was bummed when "Anthony's Coal Fired Pizza" closed down at this location about a year ago.  They've kept the same set up and it was a nice enough day to open up the front bar area to the patio so we sat there.  Thanks to other reviews, we were aware that the burgers were kind of small so we went with the "more to love" size but it came off looking like a standard size burger.  We didn't opt for fries since they wanted regular price ($5) for them.  Why get fries when you can get the "mac and cheese nom noms" for $2.50?  These babies were five stars by themselves.  Those cubes of breaded and deep fried macaroni and cheese had to be one of the best appetizers I've ever had.  Total bang for buck.  We had two orders!On to the burgers, I went with the "I Love Bacon" which was a blend of sirloin and applewood bacon patty with crispy bacon, bacon mayo, smoked gouda and onion strings on top.  No point in going half assed on burgers when you can go all the way!  Maybe they should finish off the plate with a syringe full of liquid bacon fat stuck on top of the burger.   Unfortunately, the brioche bun was kinda dry and the patty came off that way as well but I figured all the applewood bacon in the patty made it so.  Not great but I'm fine with paying $4.50 for it.  My wife got the standard burger which was a little more well done than she preferred.  We didn't realize until later that this was the only "upscale" burger place that didn't ask us how we wanted the patty done.  Kinda weird.  Again, this burger wouldn't be worth it at regular price but it was acceptable for the hh price.  The bartenders as well as the rest of the staff were friendly.  I would only come back here for the noms and $2 beer on Tuesdays.  Any happy hour that goes until 8pm is an excellent one.  2 stars if I were dining here during "regular priced" hours but it must be bumped up 1 if not 1.5 more stars for the great deal.
4	Being the burger lover that I am I was immediately interested when I love burgers came into Town Square. I was surprised to find a great, decant, delight. Although it is overpriced a little, you get what you pay for. The burgers are cooked to perfection, even had a fellow eating mate try the chicken fingers, and they were amazing. Overall it is good meal. Go check out their Sunday special. You get a meal and a movie ticket for $15. Great deal when the average meal and movie ticket are around $12. Also, on Tuesday they have great happy hour deals. Go checkout their noms noms for a great appetizers. They also have buy one burger, get one free. All in all I love burgers!
4	I was really surprised by I love burgers, at first I thought the menu was a little pricey for a burger until I saw the daily specials and happy hour. I went on the Thursday for lunch and the special of the day was a free combo upgrade so basically I just paid for my burger and got the fries and drink free, major points already!When my burger came I thought, that's it?! But looks are deceiving because it was a big burger and it tastes pretty awesome. The fries were pretty standard showstrings but decent nonetheless. The service was friendly and I love the indoor/outdoor seating. I will definitely be back for lunch or happy hour!
5	Amazing burgers! Great atmosphere. Draw on the walls!
3	2.5 stars would be more accurate.  Upon entering this establishment I immediately noticed the cool atmosphere, chalk board walls and not overly crowded.  The menu was simple and very inviting.  The cashier was very friendly and helpful answering questions we had about the menu.  We were not there for happy hour, but we did get our sons kids meal free (Sunday promo I think). Even after our little kiddo discount, our bill was OVER 30.00! Keep in mind this was two adults and one toddler. We paid, and found a table.  We were pretty excited, expecting a phenomenal burger.  We waited...and waited...about 25 minutes! Our food was delivered by an expediter with about as much personality as my napkin.  Clearly she was not fond of her job. Anyway, the fries were very good! the vanilla milk shake was ok, but nothing special.  Our burgers were not very big for the price paid.  They were dry and there was nothing special about them at all.  We were pretty disappointed.  my burger (spicy jalapeno burger) lacked flavor, condiments and jalapenos! I went to the counter and asked Ms. Personality for a side and she handed them over without expression.  We finished our meal and walked out with that feeling of over paying for something that was not worth it.  Lesson learned.
5	Three letters - Wow! My girl and I came to Town Square to go another patio restaurant on Sunday and decided to give "I Love Burgers" a try even though we are vegans!  We both had salads and drinks.  The service was out of site and the food was very filling and the ingredients were fresh.  It is a great value for your money. We were greeted at the front door, had a great fun experience at the bar with Marie and the staff was extremely responsive.  The separate full bar with ESPN sealed the deal.  We met Don the manager and he spent time with us explaining all of the specials and the "Rave Theatre Dinner & Movie" deal available on Sundays.  We even heard that kids eat free on Sundays and have their own "chalk room"!  As long time Las Vegas residents we have a new favorite year round patio restaurant spot.  This is "Johnny Rockets" meets "Yard House" and "Brio" and you won't regret it!
1	Burgers are very dry, no flavor in the meat at all. Onion rings & fries are good. Would not eat here again.
3	Finally made it in here after thinking about it for a long time.I first noticed that most of the burgers are priced about the same.  This makes it a lot easier to order a burger with more "stuff" on it without having to worry about paying more for it.  I had the BBQ Bacon burger.  It was okay, didn't seem to taste like much.  More BBQ sauce would have done it for me.  Fries were good, although the tots were better.We came on a Tuesday so to the Buy One Get One Free burger deal was a nice surprise.I'll come in again if I'm at Town Square and hungry but probably won't make a destination out of it.
2	Did not care for this place. Limited selection of burgers without a crate your own option. Adding toppings costs $1.00 per topping. Actual burger very dry. Good shakes and fry selection, but definitely not worth the money for the value.
2	So they have a foursquare check-in special...and the geniuses behind the counter don't even know what foursquare is.  Nor could they find the manager for help, so everyone in my party didn't get that she gave us a $1 off instead. =bad training bad managementThey also have different burgers here then their other location aka no Turkey Burger or no Buffalo Burger it was one of the 2 b/c that's all I eat. No bueno. Not happy *again*Next, this is a burger place HOW IN GOD'S great earth do you run out of KETCHUP. That's just a plain old sin! That should never happen= bad planning bad management Burgers and ketchup are like best friends. Fries and ketchup are too.  shame I say shame.Burger was OK, not life changing, probably would've been better with...you guessed it, KETCHUP!
4	Let me tell anyone who reads my review first and foremost, this place is not cheap! For a burger joint it is expensive. Now I can let everyone know about my experience.I came in with a friend on a Saturday, a day when it is happy hour all day. I didn't really want a beer i was ready to for once, I was just hungry and from the attempts to find this place three other times, I was ready to eat. My friend is what you'd call a glutton, ordering the biggest sized I love Bacon burger and a milkshake. I had the BBQ and regular fries. The food didn't take too long to get to us, the milkshake brought to my friend about the same time I sat down from getting my iced tea. The problem I had with the burger was very simple, it was very plain. I would have loved it a lot more if it had cheddar and more BBQ sauce with it.  No complaints from my friend at all on his burger and he said the Oreo milkshake was very good. We plan to go again, though I wont be paying so no real complaints.I recommend going on a weekend and trying out the happy hour. Wouldn't recommend taking the family unless you want to spend too much.
4	I had the Inferno. Incredible burger.I love burgers. Let's get that out of the way because everyone else does a pun of sorts with this restaurant's name.Apparently everyone had a terrible experience with this place except for me. I will admit that the price is a bit out of touch with reality - $6 for a 5 ounce burger is overpriced, to say the least. On the strip or in an amusement park, I would understand, but this place is overpriced for its value.That being said, whether you put it in the category of Fast food or not: (Fuddrucker's, In-N-Out, 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc.) I will say this burger is incredible and contends as the champion of them all.Their $6 Orange Delight shake was also overpriced, but it was "Pulp Fiction" good and I was wow'd to the core. I might return for the shake alone. The service was very above par.Short story: You get what you pay for, but in quality, not quantity.
3	We came here for a work outing recently for lunch. I ordered the classic inferno and we all shared the onion rings, tater tots, natural cut fries and sweet potato fries. The tater tots were probably my favorite of all the side items and the burger was just ok. This place is very similar to Smash Burger. You order at the counter and they bring your food to your table. The burger was pretty good, but I was not a fan of the bun so I ended up just eating the patty. They have some interesting milkshake options and they seem to have some good happy hour menu items as well as extended hours for happy hour. I probably won't be back, but the food is ok if you are in the area, but there are so many better places to eat at Town Square that I don't see this as being a high priority.
2	So I checked out the yelp reviews on this place before the wife and baby and I went. I expected it to not be super awesome but burgers are my absolute favorite so I def. wanted to give it a try. First bummer is the host/ order taker person wasn't very friendly and was kind of rude. She asked to see my ID with my bank of America check card (which has my picture on it) and I told her the purpose of having your picture on it is so you don't need to show your ID with a $18 purchase. She has apparently has spoken with the credit card companies about this issue... Really? Im going to steal a credit and take my wife and new born baby to iloveburgers and buy 2 burgers and split 1 order of fries because HECK i don't want to spend too much with some one else's credit card. Ok whatever. On to the food. I read one review on here saying they thought i love burgers literally went to Costco and bought the big huge packs of frozen burgers and just served those up. HE WAS TOTALLY RIGHT ON. The quality seemed a lot like the Disneyland tomorrowland terrace burgers. Which are the same price except your not in Disneyland.Definitely doesn't touch SMASHBURGER. Go to Smash buger if your looking for better quality, lower prices  and a more unique experience.
4	Wow...considering the mixed reviews here, I had to chime in as well.I was greeted by a very friendly hostess who offered to seat me, or redirect me to the bar, if I preferred.  My choice should be obvious.The bartender was great.  Very engaging, made some good drink specials, and chatted the whole time.I had the inferno burger, which I thought was delicious.  A spicy burger that is ACTUALLY spicy!  Finally!  I'm sooooo bored with all the lame attempts to appease the masses by marketing a spicy dish that disappoints on the Scoville scale.  (I think I've mentioned that I have to plead with my Thai food servers that I really mean 10....maybe even 11)Our group also shared some onion rings, fried pickles, and fried mac & cheese.  I'm not a fan of mac & cheese anyway, so I won't elaborate on that one, but the onion rings were top notch.  Great crisp, fresh sweet onions, and good dipping sauce.  The fried pickles were amazing!  I love that they use full length sandwich slices and batter fry them.  I would just order those next time.I think this is a good little spot.  I'll return there for lunch or happy hour for sure.
1	Not good. I've been to this place twice and both times I walked out hungry and disappointed. When you walk in there is a friendly hostess (or girl behind the counter). She was helpful when I ordered answering my questions. I ordered a burger and fries and a soda. I took a seat and waited for my burger. The guys making the food looked busy and it smelled like burgers, so I was hopeful.My burger came and it looked decent, but one bite and I was not happy. It was the most dry burger I've ever had. I put a whole packet of mayo on it and a bunch of ketchup... still super dry. The bun was about twice the thickness of the meat, so I had to take off half of the bun. The meat was overcooked and cold. It was as if they cooked the burgers then put them in the fridge and then tried to reheat them when serving them. I ordered blue cheese on my burger and it had no flavor. Blue cheese with no flavor! WHAT!I then moved onto the fries in hopes that I wouldn't have to go hungry because the burger was not edible. The fries were cold and flavorless. Even ketchup couldn't save or help these fries. I drank my soda and said to my fellow diner, "at least the soda is good" my friend then replied "how could they screw that up!" Well I went for a refill before leaving and that time the soda was only soda water with  no syrup.It is in your name... I *heart* Burgers... come on you should be able to make a burger! I will not ever go back. It was a waste of money and time!!
1	Came in the first time about a month ago and the patio was open letting all the hot air inside.It was a  100 outside and was about the same inside.I came into the restaurant to get out of the heat and eat!Left for an air conditioned place.2nd timeOrdered a burger to go  w just mustard and onions,nothing else,for an elderly aunt.Took it to her,opened bag and surprise,it came with lettuce ,tomato and relish. After I specifically said M & O only and verified it again with order taker!Fries were soggy and inedible,all this cost me about $12 bucks.This place bites!Bring back the pizza place!
3	3.5 starsI came here to catch up with old high school friends so I was pretty distracted.I ordered the I love bacon burger. When the burger came out it looked pretty fancy. I really liked the fried string onions. The patty itself could have more flavor. It wasn't dry but it was really fatty because of the bacon I guess. I got the sweet potato fries with my burger. They seemed like regular sweet potato fries. Mine could have used more salt. It's an ok burger place.
1	Overpriced, flavorless, hockey pucks for food. Shakes? Vanilla ice cream swirled with your flavor. The only good thing I ate were the onion rings until some employee decided to start mopping the floor with pine sol right around my table killing my appetite. Will never go back. And should have asked for a refund.
4	The Tahitian Vanilla shakes are divine on all levels, the burgers are decadent and the Nom Nom's are Yum Yum! :)
3	I wanted to really like everything about this place, and I did for the most part. The place was clean, inviting, and the food was pretty good. The person that greeted us was named Ashley, and she was great. I told her I was apprehensive about eating here because of the so-so reviews. She assured me that there were changes in staffing, and to give it a try.  We ordered 2 burgers:1. BBQ burger with apple wood bacon and onion straws, and 2. The standard with American cheese, lettuce, and tomato. **** The burgers were juicy , and the buns were soft. The regular fries were not too salty, and were pretty good. We also tried the tater tots in honor of Napoleon Dynamite ( Napoleon, give me some of your tots. No, go find your own.)My 3 year old son seemed to like his grilled cheese sandwich, and the tots. For dessert, we decided to split a $6.00 triple chocolate milkshake. GOOD -- but not worth the money.....Our total bill was about $40.00 and in my mind was about $10.00 too much. I don't think I would come back for burgers unless I took advantage of that movie ticket/food combo they offer for $15.00. That seems like it might be worth it..........
2	The place was clean. A little deserted for a weekend night, though. Checking the yelp reviews I understand why. This place is waaaay overpriced. Okay, yes you are in Town Square. But who gives a crap about Town Square anymore? not me.The bbq burger was pretty good with the onion straws. My son's grilled cheese looked yummy, he ate it all which is unheard of. I didn't really care for the chocolate shake. It was not frozen enough for me and it went down like melted ice cream. ...Bleck...I'm only going with two stars because it didn't WOW me. I wanted more from them.
3	It was good but not $19 for one baby burger and one baby salad good. Dante burger with blue cheese, caramelized onions, and garlic aioli was a winner but I wasn't overwhelmed. Ahi tuna salad was alright too, with a large piece of fish, but again, nothing overwhelming. Also, $6 for a milkshake? Does it provide healing properties and is it made of gold? No? Okay nevermind then, I'll just drink water. The place is kind of hidden in Town Square and seems to be suffering... Lots of flags in the Las Vegas Boulevard entrance advertising it as well as a chalk drawing asking satisfied customers to Yelp them. The service was okay but again, nothing overwhelming. The clerk at the front was the only really memorable experience. She asked if I had any questions about the menu and delivered service with a smile. I would probably be willing to try it again if it wasn't so expensive. Groupon perhaps?
1	Ate here early on a Sunday afternoon. My boyfriend and I sat in the bar. The bartender was extremely rude right off the bat. Service was horrible. I had to wait a long time for my bottomless mimosas every time I wanted a refill. I also ordered a burger and not only was it really small but it tasted pretty average. Nothing special about this place. Overpriced and not worth the time.
1	Save your money.  28.00 for a salad and a burger with 15% off for military discount.  We asked for sweet potato fries and half of them were cold.  We were charged 3.00 for a small bottle of water.  Horrible!!!!!
4	The only negative to this place is the cost.  Way over priced for what you get.  However, the hamburger was very good, the fries were so-so, the chocolate and the oreo shakes were awesome.
1	You definitely don't get what you pay for here. The burgers are tiny and tasteless, you get maybe a handful of fries, and if you just want some tap water you still have to fork over $2.50 for a dinky cup. It's ridiculous. Came here starving, left very dissatisfied. Not the place for people who love burgers.
3	Who doesn't love burgers!!Wish one of these was in Denver. My waistline is happy there isn't one though.It's one of those burger places that flirts with being a restaurant a bit too much, meaning the prices are high. But the food is damn tasty.
4	We stopped in here before going to Rave. You order when you walk in and then they bring your order to you at the table. The menu isn't overwhelming, which sometimes can be a good thing. They had chicken and turkey burgers which is perfect for the non red meat eating me,so I opted for the chicken. I was a little disappointed that all the burgers came on one type of bun ( I prefer whole wheat) but a splurge once in awhile is ok. I opted for the tater tots since I was already splurging. I picked no bacon, Swiss cheese and jalapenos. My husband got a burger with mushrooms and the sweet potato fries and my son opted for the kids cheeseburger. The kids burger was a slider size so if your kid is over 10, I'd suggest a regular order. All the food was good. My chicken sandwich was very tasty and juicy. My family said the burgers were good and the sweet potato fries were yummy. The manager stopped by to see if everything was ok. That was a nice touch. Overall I'd definitely stop back in, especially before or after a movie
3	Very average burgers. Too overpriced for what it is....just okay.
2	Not bad for a burger place. It's fresh but takes a little more time and the yam fries are topped with brown sugar...a little overkill. Lucky for the four of us there was a free drink and fries promo which saved us $16! U had the inferno burger which wasn't hot at all, the BBQ burger was good and the ahi tuna salad sounded pretty good but we had a burger craving and this did the job.
3	Had lunch here.  Had the inferno burger and wife had the Dante burger.  Got a side of parmesan garlic fries and fried pickles. The burgers were ok, nothing really special except for the buns.  For $5 the fries were a joke - a small order of shoestring fries barely covered in cheese.  The fried pickles were the deal of the whole meal at $3 and they were very good. Burger prices were high @ $7 per burger.  Soft drinks were set at $2.50 for a 16 oz cup - refills or not it's still expensive.
2	Over priced, burger was good, not great. Average. Soda selection was poor, probably never go back
2	Its 2 stars because lets be serious, burger places pop up more then herpe cases in this town, and this place does nothing to separate. Dont get me wrong, its a decent burger but its on the greasy/mess side.  Patty is solid, and im a sucker for blue cheese on a burger, so the flavor I dig was abound.  That being said, so much oil was on it, the bun was a soggy mess, which tells me they dont really care about whats coming out.  Bocci, strip, and bar, are all better places to rock, but if you need some grease lube because you have trouble using the bathroom, or you want to have a massive food baby, then go here
2	The first few visits were very good here...I didn't realize they had a bar off to the side of the place and I stumbled upon it by mistake.  The bartender was very helpful at suggestions and always recommended for me try whatever was new on the menu.  Then my last visit became just that...."my last visit.".  A new bartender was in place and he needs to understand what customer service means.  As soon as I took a seat, he didn't acknowledge me at all as he was too busy watching the baseball game on the TV.  When I got his attention, he seemed miffed that I interrupted his concentration.  He made no suggestions to the specials, only asked "what can I get ya?" The martini was average and he forgot about my guest's beer until I called his attention to the matter.  "Oh yea, sorry dude," he said. He then went back into a conversation he struck up with another guest sitting at the bar who apparently works next door at Yardhouse.  For the remainder of the evening, he never came back to check on us, offer a refill, or ask how the food was....he was focused on his buddy from the bar next door.  Sadly, when a business forgets about its customers, the customers will eventually forget about the business...
2	Yesterday was my first and last visit to this place. I will try any new burger place that opens up and went here with high hopes. With Yard House always being so crowded and Millers Ale House being so loud, I wanted a relaxing lunch. Immediately I was off put by the staff. The girl taking orders at the counter was bored and slack jawed. The friend I was with asked for the four square checkin special. I was amazed when she said "I don't know what that is, so I can't do it." When he explained and showed her his phone, she said "Uhh yeah, I don't understand emails or huhu, so I can't do that." Meanwhile, right above her head is a sign asking for people to review them on Yelp! No problem!We were hungry, so we let it go and finally ordered our food, watching the socalled staff ignore other customers in favor of their own conversation. The food runner arrived with our meals with a smile and a warm greeting, honestly the only person I encountered here with any customer service skills.The burger was well seasoned and tasty. The butter brush applied to the bun is a little heavy, making the whole thing greasy, but the flavorful patty made up for it. Even though it was pricy, it was a solid burger. The fries however were subpar. No seasoning, thin and flavorless. They were cooked well, very crispy, but they don't justify a purchase. Honestly, if you're in Town Square, Yard House or Millers are better options for burgers, with better value at a comparable price. The staff is so poor here though that I don't see this place lasting long. The manager was there, watching the whole events as bored and disinterested as her employees, so I don't see anything changing. I'm not sure who the owner is, but I suspect they have no clue just how poorly the staff acts in their absence. They would be very hard pressed to get me to return.
3	Let me break this into a couple of categories to understand the lower rating as it is a good restauarant:Price - This is the main reason for 3 stars.  3 burgers, 2 milk shakes and an order of fried pickles came out to $57 dollars.  when a milk shake is $6 and its served in a 8 oz plastic cup its way overpriced.Food - Burgers and fries were good, but there are a lot of good burger joints in town with many of them cheaper than here.Location - Yes its in Town Square, but unless you are going to Valet Parking in the back its hard to find. Its behind Yardhouse and it almost seems like an overflow for when Yardhouse is full. We went on a Saturday evening at 6pm and we were the only table in the joint.  a few folks started walking in right when we were leaving.Decor - Cool chalkboard paint on the walls so everyone is encouraged to draw but nothing that made it stand out. Overall -  We would go back again since we are at Town Square quite often, but probably would need a groupon.
2	My boyfriend and I had been wanting to try this place for awhile, so when we saw a meet up group was scheduled to try this place out, we decided to sign up. I haven't found my perfect burger joint in Las Vegas yet, and I was hoping this would be it. Not so much. The restaurant itself has a good atmosphere.  Chalk boards on the wall that you can leave messages on give it a nice cozy touch.  There is a bar area that you can get alcohol at if you wish, however, the rest of the restaurant is a very family oriented environment.  A walk up counter where you place your order gives the restaurant an additional casual feel. Unfortunately, the hamburgers themselves are just not that good.  To begin with, the menu only offers about 6 different burger options.  The woman across the table from me had ordered the "caprese" burger, which was supposed to be a twist on a caprese salad.  Which is actually a cool idea.  A generous slice of mozzarella was atop her burger, but the one tomato slice looked sad and carelessly plopped on there, and the few limp slices of basil looked limp.  My boyfriend ordered the barbecue burger, which caramelized onions in place of straw onions.  In a weird twist, the "homemade" barbecue sauce is actually a cross between ketchup and barbecue, and the restaurant has neither, plain ketchup, or plain barbecue.  A conservative dollop was on top of his burger, along with soggy onions that appeared to have been swimming in grease, and sitting on a fryer for an extended period of time. (Note that the menu does have options besides classic hamburgers such as veggie burgers and a salmon burger- which I didn't try and can't comment on. However, if you are a burger place and can't make a good hamburger, I just don't trust you to make experimental substitutes). I will say that the "I love bacon" burger I ordered- a combination of ground bacon, and brisket, topped with bacon and "bacon mayo" was pretty good, and the most impressive of the burgers I saw.  It was maybe a bit dry, but then again, that is what happens when you make a hamburger out of brisket.  Finally, our order of sweet potato fries were somewhat bland, a little overdone, and nothing to really get excited over.  The Parmesan garlic fries that our dining companions ordered were alright to munch on while we waited for our food, but again, nothing I would miss if I never had again. Overall, it was an OK experience, but given the many restaurants in the area, I doubt I will be back.
2	Decided to meet some friends here for lunch.This establishment is located in town square.As we entered the place we were greeted, the staff is friendly and nice, reminds me of a high end fancy Mc Donald's.You order like you were at a fast-food place.I ordered the regular cheeseburger classic with skinny fries and it came with a drink all for $15WOW! right? for burger and fries, kinda pricey.Honestly i was disappointed.  For the price I paid i was hoping it tasted more like Burger Bar inside Mandalay Bay.Instead the cheeseburger didn't  taste good at all. I felt like it was your typical backyard burger at your uncle joe's BBQ. Infact uncle joe's burger is probably tastier than I Love burger's burger.If your looking for good burger i would suggest Grind Burger or Burger Bar or if your cheap go to IN N OUT burger! :)
4	I work in Town Square.  I Love Burgers is an attractive option for my co-workers and I because of a hefty 40% discount.  That being said, I can understand some of the negative opinions of this place because it would be too expensive to eat here with any kind of regularity.What I like about this place is the variety of burgers and you get a generous sized patty.  Unlike most fast food burger places, I feel full eating a burger without having to get fries.  My favorite burger at this place is the BBQ Burger - bacon, onion straws, american cheese, and bbq sauce.  On the downside, I don't like the butter-brushed bun, but it's a minor quibble.The milkshakes they offer are excellent.  The blueberry panshake is my current favorite.Overall, the food is good, but unless you work in Town Square, you're probably better off just going to Five Guys or In-N-Out.
3	This is 3.45 That I'm rounding down to a 3.  So I got a plain burger, and I just wanted roasted jalapenos and sauteed mushrooms on it.  The burger was really juicy considering they don't ask how you want it cooked, and it was almost well done.  But I can see how people may think the place is expensive considering my burger alone ended costing 10 dollars.  By the time you add a drink and fries, you're ending up with steakhouse prices.Definitely not a place like it in Vegas.  More upscale restaurant prices.  Fast food service.  It's almost like you want the burger to taste bad so you can not like this place.  But the burger is good!!  I really liked it, that spicy bite you get and the pepperiness on your tongue.  It was really good.  I'm not sure what to think!!!!  I compare it to ATT phone service and my iPhone.  I mean you can make calls most of the time, service can be spotty though.  You get dropped calls though once in a while.  And you're paying such high monthly fees!!  But the phone is so cool!!!  I don't wanna get rid of the phone entirely.  What the heck?!?!?!  Do I switch service?  Do I go to another burger place???  AGHHHHH!!!!!
3	The best thing about I (heart) Burgers is the prices.  Happy hour goes until 8pm with all apps 1/2 price and good drinks specials (I went with the $6 pitcher)Two red flags popped while I was there.  1.) It was a Friday night at 630 PM and there was NOBODY there, not a good sign.  The bartender claimed it was because the PBR Championship was in town but I wasn't buying it.  She then said it was like that the day before.  Not good IMO if you are empty Thursday and Friday, especially in a place that gets tons of traffic like Town Square. 2.) They don't ask how you would like your burger prepared.  I guess I was expecting more than a Johnny Rockets or 5 Guys type preparation process, but that might have been my fault.Overall, it's quick and the price is right, especially for half off apps and cheap drinks.
4	Was quite impressed with the selection. The I love bacon burger is fantastic. The flavor of the bacon and brisket was a few notches above a beef patty. Surprisingly juicy burger with a bacon mayo that was heavenly. The brioche bun and Gouda cheese was A+ The vanilla shake and onion rings were worth the price .
3	Happy hour! Happy hour! Happy hour! With so many mixed reviews on this place, my friend and I thought it would be best if we gave ILB a try during their happy hour. Monday through Friday from 3pm-8pm they do half off draft beers, martinis, and appetizers. The offering for happy hour is weaker than the other options in Town Square. The appetizers are not enough to fill you up and even if you ordered a couple it is all fried food. After a few items, we called it quits. The onion rings are some of the best. The outside is a nice golden brown. The coating possessed a solid crunch factor and helped maintain the integrity of the onion within. The Nom Noms were also very good. Fried mac'n'cheese bites are always welcome. The Hebrew National hot dog with fries should be passed upon. As for non hh offering, we shared the BBQ Burger. It was a good burger. I can see why people complain about how expensive they are. Especially since it is this awkward half fast food, half dine in set up. If I had to classify ILB, it would be grouped with Five Guys and Smash Burger. In the end, I could have went elsewhere for a better burger.
4	Came here for their generous happy hour recently, and it's a good deal for what it is.  A bunch of finger foods for $2 and beers for $3?  That's a steal.  Our bartender was super cool and may have bent some rules for us as well, so that's an extra plus.  I wonder what their burgers taste like?
5	I totally dug this place! There's been a big trend in Vegas for upscale burgers, and so many places who make amazing food forget the environment that's meant to go with a burger. I Love Burgers in Town Square has nailed it! Not only are they pumping out incredible burgers, fries and fried pickles (they're tasty, seriously), but they also have the atmosphere of a true burger restaurant! When I eat a burger I want to use both hands and require a million napkins by the end, and this place gets that. You don't have to worry about dressing nice or spending a small fortune.If you're a bacon fan (and these days who isn't?) be sure to check out the I Love Bacon burger. There's bacon IN the burger, and in the sauce, and of course on top of the burger. And don't be afraid to create your own, or add a few things to one of their awesome burgers.Friendly staff, excellent (burger) environment, and the perfect location to walk off your meal afterwards. Also be sure to check out the movie theater combo deal; $16 gets you a burger and a movie ticket. Considering movies already cost more than $12, this is a great deal. We didn't get it, but the manager mentioned it to us when he asked how our meal was going and we'll definitely try it out next time.If you're in the mood for an upscale burger with a very casual feel I cannot recommend this place enough. I will be back soon!
3	It's a high-priced burger, which is ok, since they have some interesting options for topping (I got the caprese - with mozzarella and balsamic, although...no tomatoes???). However, I do not wish to pay $10 for a burger at a fast-food joint. Your food is served with plasticware (this is my pet peeve!), typical fast-food napkins and packets of mustard/mayo/ketchup. I mean, seriously, couldn't they spring for the squeeze bottles on the table???The fries and sweet potato fries were both good and my husband and I both liked our burgers. There is a bar on one side and it looks like they have some decent specials on weekdays ($2.50 beers). Also, the 2 locations (about to be 3 - they're opening one on Fremont) are locally-owned, so I'm boosting them to 3 stars.
3	Good food but a little pricey for what you get.
5	I have to say this one one of the best burgers I have had in a long time. I don't recall the name but it has blue cheese on it and I wanted to give a shout out. Will definitely return on my next Vegas trip.
2	Ordered the I heart bacon burger which was blend of brisket and bacon..and have to say couldn't really tell the difference.  Also ordered the garbage fries which sounded good on the menu but was not executed very well.  I would think it would be hard to mess up something called "garbage fries" but the portion was small and it was pretty much a greasy cheesy ehhh...I figure if I'm going to eat junk it better be worth it..and this definitely was not.  I'd rather go to steak n shake or 5 guys.
2	Nice staff, food was ok very salty and everything was greasy. Nice concept needs work though. Garlic parmesan fries were good.  we had 5 in our group nobody was highly impressed.
2	So sad, they changed the menu. It's completely ruined the burgers and they don't have the amazing sides anymore. I loved the tots and the sweet potato fries. We tried the fried pickles... Terrible. Didn't even eat one whole piece. (They aren't the chips, they slice them long ways so when you bite into it, you rip the whole pickle out of the fried shell that is around it..) plain fries weren't great, they were just blah. The burgers used to be amazing and juicy and big! I loved the inferno burger.. Now they even changed the lettuce it over powers everything. I won't be back I'm so bummed!!Staff is great, and the stars are for the shakes, they are the only thing that's wonderful. That and the ketchup. The ketchup is still good.
3	Due to budget cuts, I Love Burgers at this location has cut back on their menu items. No longer do they have burgers like the Plymouth or sweet potato fries. Their burger selection is down to six: Standard, Inferno, I Love Bacon, BBQ, Chicken, and Garden. The burgers are delicious, but my favorites are no longer at this location and the burgers are a bit pricy and out of the way at Town Square to really come here often. I did receive my BBQ burger pretty quickly, and again, it was delicious, but I could always go to another burger place to eat.
5	I have to start this by saying I have been on a find the best burger kick in Las Vegas for a couple of years now.  I have tried:Sammy's LA Pastrami - greasy and overwhelmed service Holsteins - Pretty awesomeFatburger - cheap and pretty goodBLT Burger - burger ok, not awesome.  Sides and shakes excellentBurger Bar - Ok, again, not awesome.  I went to I Love Burgers this past weekend with my family.  I have been wanting to visit this one in the Palazzo for some time.  I ordered the Ultimate Cheeseburger and we split tots and regular fries.  Burger was OUTSTANDING!!!  I added onion strings to it.  My family loved the burgers they ordered too.  Service was super busy, and it took a while to get our food.  Without asking, they deducted the cost of our drinks from the bill.  Very classy.I will keep visiting this place on my visits.
3	The burgers are OKAY, nothing special.  I've gone in here quite a few times for lunch and sometimes it's better than others.  It's a cute little burger spot over by valet at Town Square.  The menu is very simple.  The last time I was here months ago, each burger had a little description of what it is, but this time it was just simply the name of the burger.  The cashier told me that they had just changed the menu 2 weeks ago and the tater tots were gone.  BOOO!  Those were my favorite.I ordered the standard, which is just a plain burger for around $3.50, but after adding cheese and bacon, it's about a $7 burger.  My burger was good.  It was juicy enough and had good flavor, though it did not blow me away. My friend ordered the inferno burger, but I did not find this to be special in any way.  The fries we ordered in place of my beloved tater tots were just okay as well. They are thin cut like McDonald's fries and crispy.  The cashier was nice and sweet but there are many times I've come here where other cashiers were kind of jerks.  I like this place every once in a long while but I'd almost rather go to Yard House and get a burger there instead.
2	The chicken burger was ok, could have used more toppings besides just tomato and lettuce. Cheese fries were awful unfortunately. Friendly staff and clean facility with low prices.
5	Was at Town Square today for the Best Buddies Flash Mob, and decided to try this place out. There were 9 people in my party and they were slammed.  We ordered our food and took our seat. The food came out really fast for being busy. What can we say everyone in the group loved it. You have to try the Fried Pickles, out of this world. They also have Nom Noms which are mac & Cheese bites that are fried, Amazing! Prices were really good as well, If you are around Town Square you have to stop in and check it out! They also have chalk board walls, the kids had a fun time drawing on.
2	They just recently changed their menu and they have definitely downsized it. It lacks the variety it used to have. I used to come for the caprese burger and sweet potato fries but now they have neither. They still have nom noms but their lack of menu options has gotten me really disappointed and I don't think I'll be coming back.
2	Just spend about an hour gearing up with excitement for a delicious Caprese burger- my very favorite burger anywhere.  Sadly, upon arrival I found out they've pared down their menu. They took off all the "pricey" items because of the more negative yelp reviews. No more Caprese, no sweet potato fries, no tots. Great job, Yelpers! You whined about delicious gourmet burgers costing more than McDonald's and now they've stopped serving almost anything worth getting. (The shakes are still delicious and what selection is left tastes good.) And to I Heart Burgers- you listened to all the negative reviews instead of the positive and now it'll probably cost you. Good job on that.
1	Their menu has changed, which should have tipped me off in the first place about the change in quality. The fries were marginal. My boss ordered his burger well-done and it was given to him bleeding. The drinks are smaller than a tall coffee at Starbuck's and they charge $2 for them. Had we been eating there this might not have pissed me off because I could have just refilled, but our order was to-go. So, I payed $2 for a shot of iced tea because they don't have size appropriate to-go cups... I won't be back.
2	Not long after posting my review, I was contacted by their Director of Marketing & Community Relations apologizing for my less than excellent experience. She was incredibly sweet and accommodating. My gripes about my experience there still stand, but I commend them for taking my criticisms and addressing them with me in an appropriate and appreciative manner. Hopefully, they'll still take my to-go cup gripe to heart.
5	Burgers n Beer:-)
1	2 times I have eaten here since new managment and both times I ended up with Food Poisoning.   I spoke to the manager and she was not very concerned.  They changed their menu and Cooks and now I avoid this place like the plague
1	I dislike this place, first and last time I come here.  It's sad seeing people standing around talking and on their cell phones.  Placed my order and when I got my burger, it was all wrong. I waited an extra 25 minutes for my fixed burger. Not cool. Never again.
1	I arrived at the restaurant ten minutes before opening. Two of the chefs were outside smoking and engaging in inappropriate conversation about what I could only assume was something to do with their ex girlfriend. Something about not paying her cell phone bill. I'm a biker and don't mind swearing, but it may have offended some other patrons.At 10:57am the doors were opened and I took that to mean that the business was open as well, so I entered. The two chefs aforementioned had gone back inside by that time and where behind the line prepping. After seeing the counter/bar to be empty, I went over to the pass (kitchen) to ask if they were open (again, two minutes before posted time.) I was told that they were not open for another two minutes and was left to wait at the counter. After the allotted two minutes someone else approached the counter and greeted me. I tried ordering, but they left without warning while I was in mid sentence. Passing this guy on the way back to the kitchen was another worker, who seemed to be a bit out of it. He looked hung over. I ordered my food three times because he couldn't remember three simple items. I then paid and went to my table. I was given a number and told to place it on the salt/pepper shaker.My food was ready is about five minutes (Ilovebacon burger, fries, and a small drink). The burger itself was cooked to a perfect mid-rare, the bacon was still raw. The fries, which were advertised to be home style were frozen and from a bag. When I was given my food, it was from the first guy who walked off on me. He failed to retrieve my number and just kinda slapped the food down and walked off.The long story;short of this is: if you want mediocre food and terrible service, this is the place for you.
2	This was our 2nd time here and I just had to review it again. The staff was very pleasant and the food didnt take long but it definately was better the first time we were here ( see my other review). No one was especially happy with their food. I had the longhorn again and this time I'm not sure but I don't think they could have served a flatter chicken breast. Everything was greasier than the first time too. The prices were still high though.   I hope they can change a few things and get it back to where it was the first time we came here.
1	I used to go to this place when I worked close by and it used to be a pretty good burger place. I loved their caprese burger. I came back after about 3 months and I never want to go back. They cut their menu down, and one of the burgers they dropped was the caprese. The place was too hot and uncomfortable to eat in. The food quality was bad, too much bun, small meat patty and it was dry. The fries needed work and the cheese they used for the fries was too gritty. Either they didn't put enough butter and milk in the mix or they added the canned Parmesan cheese in it. I do not recommend this place unless they decide to hire the cook who was there before, change their menu or change their management.
2	It use to be good. I don't eat red meat. I loved the turkey Burger with cranberry sauce. Now my only option besides the veggie Burger is a bland chicken Burger. So disappointed.
3	Not a fan is all I can say. Having to wait 30 minutes is not fun (especiallyfor 2 milkshakes).  But I have to say, the milkshake is quite fabulous. Other than that, the decor is very pleasant.  All of the people who work there seem to be nice. Other than the few mistakes and a couple of misplaced orders, I found the experience OK.
5	As far as these more "quick" dining restaurants go - this one has the best burgers. I like them much more than Carl's Jr., and Smashburger. I got the BBQ burger which was SO very good. The buns they use are fresh and have a hint of sweetness to them, similar to a hawaiian roll, great smokey bbq sauce, tasty bacon and my burger was cooked perfectly medium. The fries are very crispy on the outside and soft on the inside - perfect. I will certainly go back next time I am in the mood for a burger and I'm in the area.
2	I had previously been to I Love Burgers once, and thought that it was pretty good.  A co-worker suggested that we go back for lunch, so we tried it, and when we got there and we were told they had recently updated the menu, which previously had some great options, I have to admit that we were very underwhelmed.  Nothing to special, but not an awful experience either, but I must say.... there are better burger elsewhere.
2	Overrated place. Not great for the money
4	Stopped at Town Square to visit Old Navy, and the girlfriend and I ended up here for lunch. Prices seemed right, but the size of the burger was a little disappointing... Ordered a chicken burger, fries, and a drink which was a few cents over $10. My girlfriend ordered a standard cheeseburger with an Oreo shake and HOLY SMOKES the shake was freaking AMAZING!! If I'm ever in the area, I'd come back just to get one again. They don't have any hot sauce bottles on the tables, but I was happy the cashier was able to pull a Tabasco bottle from out back because my burger needed some flavor. My girlfriend's burger had no flavor and was pink in a few places... not really a fan of that. Overall, some parts were really good, and others were just okay... still a pretty decent place for lunch if you're hungry and walking in the area.
1	We have always had really good experiences at I Love Burgers until today (Sunday 6/16) We arrived around 11:40 am to have some lunch. The first thing we notice is that the menu has changed. No more Tater Tots!!!!! Are you kidding me?? Serving tater tots made this place unique. Why would you take those away? Also onion rings are no long available along with a few other things. Very disappointing. The girl who took our order was pleasant but the rest of the crew, including a young lady in slacks, seemed to care more about laughing & joking in the kitchen than with anything else. I noticed that the ice tea was not available & so I asked the lady in slacks if they had any ice tea & she said no sorry. Ok I get that it was early in the day & maybe they hadn't made ice tea yet, which is weird, but it almost made it seem like they weren't going to offer it anymore. If that's the case #1 tell your customer when she asks & #2 remove the ice tea maker. It may be a small thing but it really irritated me. I should have received a better response from the person who looked like she might be the manager. Wen we received our burgers the patties looked way smaller than before. What has happened to this place? Really, really, really disappointed.
2	I was surprised at how small the menu was and without many choices I ordered the BBQ burger, my girlfriend didn't order anything because the limited choices weren't appealing to her, and her son got the kids hot dog. My burger came out pretty quick but just the burger no hot dog. I thought it was probably on the way but after quite some time we realized they forgot it. The bartender noticed there was no other food on the table and asked if we were ok. We told him no and he told a lady that we never got the hotdog and not believing us even though the table only had one plate on it she asked to see our receipt kind of rudely like we were lying. Shortly after the hot dog came out and she said sorry but didn't seem sincere or like she wanted to help make up for the problem. Then I felt that the small burger that doesn't come with fries wasn't going to be enough so I went to order fries and then get 2 drinks at the bar. When I got back to the table the fries were there but the girl who asked to see the receipt tried to make it seem like they were giving us an order of fries to make up for the situation to my girlfriend when the reality is I paid for them.This was my first and only time going here. The customer service was terrible and the burger was mediocre and small. I was expecting more flavor. The only positive was the bartender as he was the only one that tried to help when he noticed that my girl's son didn't have food in front of him and was helpful on suggesting a white IPA beer to me that was delicious.
3	We've eaten here several times before and looking for a not too pricey place for dinner in Town Square, we decided to eat here again on a Sunday night. I recall this place as a sort of hit and miss. My wife usually goes for the ILoveBacon burger and I try a different burger each time. I got the Caprese which had mozarella, portabella mushroom and balsamic reduction sauce. The burgers had potential except that the actual burger patties were dry and lacked flavor. Do not recall the burger being this unimpressive in the past. Anyway we love their fried pickles and the shakes are ok. Price is ok and kids eat free on Wed and Sat. Would probably try again.
2	So so. Don't have salmon quarter pounder. Too little for too much money. Lettuce wrap or protein style not possible. Burgers are ho hum. There are better burger places.
5	Great prices and great burgers! All employees are friendly and always smiling. The general manager is always walking around, giving people their orders and thanking everyone for coming in! She is also open to any feedback you have for the restaurant. The food is a great price and it is an open kitchen so you can see them cooking.  Get the inferno burger if you like spicy food it is amazing!!!
1	Terrible customer service! Went this past weekend and the manager was very unprofessional and not helpful at all with customers and her employees!It took 10 minutes to take our order, the person taking the order was having some challenges with the system yet the manager did not apologize when she took over.   Instead she made an excuse that it was his third day and we had to deal with the wait.   Then it took 25 minutes to get our small order to our table and when I asked the manager why this was taking long, she yelled at me and said what is it that you want!? In front of other customers and said you want a refund is that what you want?As my son was halfway done with his burger he spit everything that was in his mouth and said yucky! This is a 5 yr old.  I looked at his burger and it was completely raw (bloody) in the center!  I just told him not to eat anymore. As for my husband he did get some food poisoning.  We had been there couple times before and never had any issues with food or service but this past weekend was terrible that we will never go back again to this place.  I guess depends what mood the manager is in and staff that day and see if they feel like providing their customers crappy service or just okay service to get through the day.  Extremely unprofessional behavior from this manager they had this weekend running the place.  The customer is not right at this place!
5	We love burgers and apparently so do they!I ordered the BBQ burger and enjoyed it on their patio. It was delicious and the fries were great too. The service was standard exemplary - quick and easy. The restaurant is clean and the patio has the right mix of shade and sunlight on an early fall afternoon.
4	The Mac and cheese cubes are pretty good! I also ordered the salmon salad! The salmon was fresh and didn't taste fishy!(: but the fries were super good!
1	Burger cold when served. The cooks let your food sit for a long time before it is served. I won't come back.
5	This place was SUPER delicious!!! I ate here for the first time a week ago and I can't stop thinking the VEGGIE BURGER! It is seriously the best veggie burger I've ever had in my life!! It was juicy and tasty and super fresh and it's extremely hard to find meatless burgers that have so much flavor. The fries were equally delicious. My only "complaint" was that it took really long to order. There were 2 cashiers but one just abruptly left with no explanation when I got to the front of the line. Everything else made that a blurred memory. Will mos def be returning!!!
4	The service was friendly and super fast. The burgers were delicious and the truffle fries are worth checking out. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Walk in, order and pay.    You build your burger to order, pick your toppings and sides.They give you a number and cook your food to order.The sandwiches and shakes were great!
1	Sucks that their menu does NOT describe what's in the burgers
3	We got The Dante burger - grilled onion, aioli and Gouda. The BBQ burger. Garlic fries and a drink - total cost ? $26!!!!I'm going to give them 3 stars bc anywhere that has sprouts is ok with me!The  burgers are tasty and the quality of meat is 3 1/2 out of 5. The toppings are fresh and choices endless (this is the reason I'm giving them 3 stars)The reason they aren't getting 4 or 5 stars is that I feel as though they are a little pricey for the fast food atmosphere of the place. Not to mention I've had better garlic fries at less qualified places.... (while watching a giants game in San Fran) with that said though.........Will I go back? Of course.... They have too many reasons for me not to... Ahi tuna sliders, black bean burgers, caprese burger..... Will I be sharing fries and a drink each time.... Maybe!***update: went back for a caprese. I stand firm in that three. They aren't terrible but really are not that great for the price.
1	The only thing this place loves is high prices. They clearly hate burgers. Food was greasy, cold and not worth even finishing. I hope this place closes sooner than later, there are way too many restaurants in Las Vegas that are overpriced and substandard that stay open because they rely on non repeat tourist business.
1	TERRIBLE!!! Burgers are very under cooked ! Not only that they don't taste that good. Fries and drink cost extra. They won't let you make and substitutions. If you pay the extra $2 for bacon you only get 1 piece! Shakes are bit that good either. After talking with the sone staff and manager, they seem untrained and just running the place with little instruction. If your the owner of the place and your reading this - listen to your customers and staff because your ideas are not working!
3	I am writing this as I sit in the restaurant.The ordering process was pretty quick and painless.  The staff is super friendly and seem to enjoy their jobs.I ordered a not fancy cheeseburger, fries and a soda.  There are approximately 8 tables of people here in a space that could seat 50 families comfortably. Having said all that, 35 minutes is too long to wait for food.The burger isn't bad but the fries are a little on the cold side.  There is an open kitchen so I was able to see my food sitting there.I would give this 4 stars if they can figure out how to get the food out fast.I'm all about second chances so I will definitely come back.
2	Rating: 2.5 stars Coming in, I don't know what I was expecting because I've never heard of this place and I'm not from the area. But then again, what should I expect from a fast food joint?I was coming in for lunch with a friend and we both ordered the I Love Bacon Burger because it was their "signature" burger. If they had a signature burger, I was honestly expecting better! When you order a drink/combo, you go up to the soda machine and grab your own drink. You grab your own table. You put your number on a condiment stand and wait for your order to be served. For the quality of the food, it's not worth the price. When I first saw it, I was excited! It looked so delicious! It even looked fancy with the imprint "I Love Burgers" on the top bun!! The only place I've seen with an imprint on the buns is Unami Burgers. After a few snapshots of this beauty, I didn't expect the taste I had in my mouth - or the grease for that matter. I took my first bite and grease immediately squirted out from below my burger. As I continued to feast on this, oil/grease was dripping down from below my burger and my hand became messy. The burger tasted okay but it felt more cooked than it should be and it didn't really have a taste to it. The best part of the burger was the bacon and that's all I wanted. Bacon. :( The order also consists of fries and if I remember correctly, you have 3 options: reg fries, truffle fries, and I think sweet potato fries. I wouldn't come back if I came to Vegas again, but don't have high expectations for this place if you do plan on coming here.
5	Extremely low prices for town square.  The food is pretty good too.  They have great specials like 6 dollar for a burger, fries, and a beer.   They have 1 dollar draft beer too.  Even if you don't want to eat here, its a great place to pre party and get some cheap drinks.
3	Ok I have walked by this place hundreds of times and never got to try it out so finally I went last night.  The atmosphere was more casual than expected, more like a premium fast food on the lines of a burger version of Chipotle than an actual restaurant. I ordered the Inferno and truffle fries. The burger came in an egg bun with roasted jalapenos. It's on the level of The Counter or another specialty burger place and the fries were good too. I'd certainly come back for one on the rare occasions that I crave a burger. My biggest complaint is that they don't offer any craft beer. Whoever owns that place is asleep at the wheel for not offering a fine craft IPA to accompany the food.
1	$14 for a meal, and still hungry afterwards. Very overpriced for such a small burger. Fries are small and soggy. First time and last time , be warned, every body!
3	I'm not saying I've tried everything on the menu, but I am pretty sure the Heart and Seoul is the best burger they have. If you like Korean flavors, this is pretty spectacular. Surprisingly delicious, coming from a commercialized burger place.Ordering is simple as the menu is small and you'll find typical "bar food." Burgers, wings, sodas... nothing shocking. You sit and wait for your food, which takes a little bit of time. I think they warn you on a sign somewhere, though. There just isn't a lot to say. You get a burger. You eat it, it's mostly forgettable. I will say, other than the heart and Seoul, I was pleasantly surprised by the veggie burger - which is based on black beans.If you're at this location, consider yourself lucky. The location in the Palazzo is at least 50% higher in price. I think the prices are a tad high anyway, but it's not bad. Especially if you get the "burger and movie" deal.
2	The overall design of the place is good and the food was not terrible. That's about all the good things I could say. The burger was super greasy and overcooked. There was no option for how how I wanted it cooked, so I guess that's how everyone's burger must be. My boyfriend and I both got an I love bacon burger and the burger was lacking in bacon. We shared truffle fries... Which should not be a dollar extra because you can barely taste the truffle in the fries. Overall, it's overpriced for what you really get... They seem to spend more money decorating the place in cool chairs, paint, and televisions than they did on developing a good burger.
1	This was the worst experience ever...we ordered 3 burgers and sides..The cashier couldn't even get that right...worst part as we sir and watch the idiots cook all the food we receive ours only to have 3 burgers literally straight from the raw package...they were disgustingly raw..As I sat and contemplated having them redone I realized the realm of employees I was dealing with...either A. Drunk still from New Year or B. Just really don't give a crap about their work  performance at all so i handed it to the cook and advised he might want ti actually cook the meat before servi g it ...he offered to cook them some more but at this point we decided if we had them redone we would end up with "special sauce" on them.    So needless to say we ended up with $40 french fries and tator tots.  Never again will I eat there.
3	I tried one of the spicy burgers ..its ok ..definitely not worth the money they charge you for.Shakes are fries are good . A decent selection of beer.
2	Had the loco moco breakfast... it was extremely dry, I have no idea why they serve an item that don't they taste test. The burger from here should be the best part but if was far from enjoyable. Please discontinue from the menu unless you can fix this problem. Reason for 2 stars is the waitress was extremely attentive while I enjoyed watching a game at the bar during Football Sunday
3	Employees were friendly and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. Nice atmosphere and interesting menu. Only complaint is that nobody knows how to clean a table. As a matter of fact, nobody even tried to wipe anything down. Every table was dirty and some even had dried condiments so stuck on that we couldn't even wipe it off on our own. We watched everybody follow in our footsteps and go table to table trying to find a cleaner one (without luck of course).
4	This places is delicious, although they are slightly overpriced. Burgers were juicy and tasted amazing. Highly recommend the truffle fries as well.
3	I think a strong 3.5 stars for my visit.  It's located in Town Square tucked away on the northwest side of the area.  Parking in the North Parking garage would get you there quick and easy.  I wasn't sure what type of restaurant this was.   We walked in for lunch.  It was a pretty early lunch so there weren't too many people here.  There isn't an extensive menu so ordering at the counter before sitting down was pretty easy.   The cashier/waitress was a little ho-hum about customers.  Not overly enthusiastic or friendly.   We decided to split the BBQ burger with sweet potato fries and Nom Nom's on the side for the hubs.  Nom Nom's are a fried mac n cheese side with a cheese dipping sauce.  I thought they were just ok but nothing to write home about.   The burger was good.  Cooked perfectly and not too large.  The bacon was the star of the burger.  Great flavor and plenty of it on top.   Sweet potato fries ~ Oh how I love thee!  I must have an addiction to them.  They were crisp with a light and sweet flavor to them.  Would I dine again?  Maybe. But I wouldn't go rushing back.
4	Nothing was outstanding and nothing was awesome about this place. Prices were good. Location in town square was good (easy to find). Got the bacon burger, sweet potato fries, truffle fries and a coffee bean shake. Everything was good but like I said not outstanding.Happy hour looks like a good deal: 2pm-6pm, everyday.
5	I am in "LOVE" with I love burgers. Honestly it is so so so yummy... My hubby and I have been there been numerous times.. We absolutely adore Town Square.. So finding this place is a plus! I strongly recommend the I love bacon burger and the pickles fries! Check them out!
4	We were at Town Square looking for a new place to eat and stumbled upon this gem. It has a neat atmosphere and so my family decided to check it out. We ordered and then sat outside, and it was a beautiful day. My only complaint is the size of their patio should be larger and the table layout was kind of weird. But, they earn all four stars on the food. My kids shared a grilled cheese (and gave both my wife and I a small bite) it was phenomenal. My wife got the hotdog, which she said was good. I got the I Heart Bacon burger, and I was blown away. The burger it self was delicious and prepared perfectly. I am tempted to say this is the best burger I have ever had, but I have had some pretty good ones in my day so I will hold back on that. But, it was great. The service team there is very good and friendly. We will definitely be back!
5	Best little Bar in Town Square... Ok I know it's a burger joint and the grilled BBQ chicken salad w/ extra chicken is FANTASTIC! BUT I love to go for drinks, the weekend bar tender always tosses together an array of creative shooters! Ask for the BAZOOKA! She created a speciality drink just for us :) delicious
5	Great service, relaxing environment and yummy burgers! I would definitely recommend!!!!
4	Went here for lunch. This was the first time I had been there. I had the caprese burger and sweet potato fries. The burger was very good but kind of messy. The sweet potato fries were very good. My daughter had the bacon burger and regular fries. Her burger tasted very good. The fries were a lite bit under seasoned.  We asked for to go containers and were also given to go cups which I thought was very nice. I wasn't wowed by this place but it was a decent quality and will probably eat here again.
1	I used to love going here, would eat at least once a week. Today was horrible.  The food has gone down hill, the bathroom was filthy with paper all over the floor and dirty floors. We sat at the bar and the bartender was a joke.  The special was Bloody Mary's and I had to keep correcting him, by the time he was done...they were a site and he said he'd been working there over a year.  One patron had to ask multiple times for their check.  Another patron asked for a beer with no fruit, the bartender was insistent on adding fruit and the patron stated that she did not want fruit in her beer. He commented, it's a citrus blend, there's already fruit in it. The bartender was constantly touching his face, and didn't wash his hands before squeezing lime into the Bloody Mary's, when he couldn't get the garnish of lime on the rim he tossed it in and said "oh well."  When were limes in Bloody Mary's?The bartender then disappeared for a bit, took others orders, fiddle farted around...I finally piped up and said we were ready to order.  After our food was brought out, he never checked on us. The fries were over cooked, and our drink glasses were empty.  We had to ask for water and refills.  He tried to take away my friends food before she was done, but left 3 empty drink glasses in front of my other friend. The picked up trash off the floor, then started cutting limes without washing his hands.  After he cleared our dishes, he disappeared again, and we sat there waiting to pay.  He came back and started working on another task and I had to ask for the check.  He bright the check, we paid by credit card, he brought the paperwork back for us to sign and just stood there.  After we filled it out and signed it, he still just stood there, then he said that he was supposed to get the signed copy and I said I know, we are not ready to give it to you yet.  In summary, food was not as good as it used to be, and the bartender who had been there for at least a year, needs to be trained in health and safety, customer service, and the items on the menu.
2	Been curious to try it since I saw the bacon burger but I have to say I was a little disappointed. Nothing to special about the burger. I do have to say the aioli sauce was very good but overall nothing special. The truffle fries were ok but could have used a little stronger truffle flavor. Disappointed in the shakes.. Not a bad flavor but watery like chocolate milk. Don't think I will return. Plenty of other burger places that I have been more impressed with.
4	Great burgers, great service. We tried the spicy burger and the traditional ones. The only thing I didn't like was the fries. They were a little stale. The beer was cold and flowing. And AMAZING military discount.
3	I have been here twice and the service from Sandra has been great with an exceptional greeting. The food is ok, and the service overall ok. They are lacking in the area of cleanliness overall.The restaurant and fountain needs a good deep cleaning and they need to be better at cleaning the tables during their busy lunch time.
2	Left Vegas and ended up at a mall called Townsquare. I had no idea where I was going and ended up parking in a weird parking spot by vallet and saw this place. The name and outside was so cute and as soon as I saw "shakes and beer" I had to go in. When I went in I saw 2 other customers and a very flustered manager I would assume at the register. I only ordered a shake because it looked like a storm was moving in and I had a long drive back to California. I ordered the Triple Chocolate Shake which was over $5. I instantly thought of a quote from Pulp Fiction. Anyway I sat down and waited for my shake. The manager was very all over the place she was in the middle of taking someone's order and an employee came in and she went straight into conversation with her and totally left the customer waiting. Behind the counter where my shake should have been made no one was doing anything. The waiter in there was socializing and not doing much of anything else. Finally I went up to the manager letting her know I had ordered a MILKSHAKE over 15 minutes ago. She then told the waiter and he looked at the order screen and said "oh yeah you're right" then he went on to aruge with another employee about if I wanted it to go or not. Then a girl yelled to me across the restaurant asking if I wanted it to go. The shake wasn't that good and was about 12oz in a plastic cup! Very unprofessional and I am very disappointed and probably won't be back..
5	Food was great.  The service was excellent. Very courteous when they brought our items to our table.Great for kids, have chalk walls for them to write on.  Have a kids meal.
4	Ordered the Caprese Burger and was pleasantly surprised. Good and not over powering with the Balsamic. Buffalo mozzarella was fresh and very tasty. Service was quick. We're here on a Sunday evening before a movie. We ordered ate and were out the door in 20 minutes. I'm definitely coming back!!
4	I was happily surprised by this place!Full disclosure, and the reason for an extra star (and my visit in the first place): they offered a generous BOGO standard burger dinner special for CCSD employees for Teacher Appreciation Week! My guy and I each got the standard, adding cheese (cheddar for me, gouda for him), and shared the truffle fries and a drink. Mad props for having a variety of cheeses to add on: bleu, American, cheddar, gouda, pepper jack, etc were all options, along with japalenos, carmelized onions, bacon, and avocado. Almost added the onions to our burgers but ultimately decided not to.Service was quick and friendly while we placed our orders. Dining room was clean and condiments/drink station and tables were clean. Order was out quickly.Burgers were thick, and served medium rare- perfect! Cheese was just melted and veggies were fresh and crisp. Did not detect additional condiments on my burger, but the bun and juices from the patty did not have a dry taste, which is admirable.Truffle fries were $3, ample and shareable portion served perfectly cooked and crisp. Very tasty with light dusting of what seemed to be sea salt. Would order again, appreciated that the truffle flavor was light and not overwhelming.Will have to go again and try a specialty burger... and those onions!Table signage and website showed several daily HH specials and deals that I will be sure to take advantage of next time I'm in the area.
5	I had the I 'heart' bacon burger. SO GOOD!!! My husband tried it and said it felt like he had gone blind and regained his sight, it was so good. The meat on my burger was smoked to perfection. He ordered the caprese burger. Although he liked my burger better, he said they were both great. I got regular fries, he got truffle. I wish the truffle fries had a garnish on top of some sort. The taste was great, though. We also shared a strawberry milkshake. It was good, but I think I'll try something else next time. The service was amazing. The employees were nice, helpful (with our baby), and informative when we asked about the menu. This place is a 'must-try' of you 'heart' burgers.
3	So, this place. Located in the back corner of Town Square, stands out from the surrounding places. A) It's super close to the main parking lot in the back and B) It's sign I Love Burgers can be seen from the parking lot, making you crave burgers on the spot. Trust me, it's exactly what happened as I seen it. The atmosphere in the place is pretty low-key. It has indoor and outdoor seating areas, which is nice. You also don't have to walk through a door to get to the outdoor area, which is double nice. You just walk outside from the inside. Ta-da! Done. I'm assuming they shut that during Winter, but you know what, there really isn't a winter in Vegas anyway. There are chalk board walls scattered around the area whit random drawing on them which makes it pretty unique. Service is good. There isn't much to be done. You order when you walk in, take a number, and if you are sitting down they come find you, then give you your food. Ta-da. It's more of a "fast-foodsie" place, so everything is self serve, besides for the food. The food is decent. I've been roaming around the city for a good burger off the strip and have yet to find it. This places burgers are decent, but nothing to write home about. They are decently big and appropriately priced, at around 6-7 dollars depending on which one you get. I got the BBQ and was okay. With a name like BBQ, I thought there would be a lot more barbecue sauce on it then there actually was. The burger itself is comprised of: Lettuce, Tomato, American Cheese, Applewood-Smoked Bacon, Fried Onion Straws, and Homemade BBQ Sauce. I could hardly taste the BBQ sauce, since there was only a dab of it in the middle, which was horribly outnumbered by the bacon and onion straw taste. I also got an order of sweet potato fries because I've become a fan of them recently. I wasn't particularly impressed with those either. They add a lot of sugar and cinnamon to them, which makes a weird taste, in my opinion. I'm not a huge super sweet person, and the place I've had them before didn't put extra stuff on them. All and all, if you are in the area and need something to eat relatively quickly, consider this place. It's cheap-ish, fast, and pretty good, but it's not a place I'd travel from my native Hendersonville (haha) to go eat at.
4	Arron the bartender your the best we are locals and thanks for making the Bloody Mary mix by taking it up a level didn't seem like just out of a bottle ..wife has been a bartender in vegas since the dunes days keep up the great work and see u soon.Keith n terri
5	Went there this weekend and had the BEST Bloody Mary I've ever had!  The bartender, Aaron, did an amazing job!  They don't use celery...but they do put a strip of bacon in it!  The bomb!!!  Would go there just for that!
1	Ordered medium well burgers got medium rare. The food wasn't that great either! Services was horrible! BEWARE since they're so slow they will take your food away even when your not done eating! Told the manager about it and she didn't do anything. The sad part was she say she knew about it but I guess she was waiting for the customer to complained first. Wow never ever going back to this placed again. I would give it a 0 for the rating
5	Group on deal gives this already good spot even more of a better value.  Burgers are small but it's all good
4	Boyfriend and I always eat here before we go see a movie. There are cheaper places to eat, but we don't even question where we're gonna eat. It's that good. I've never had a bad burger and I've never had bad service. The ONLY THING is the price. Now, I'll pay it, cause I like it and because I like the quality of what I'm getting. And yes I need to have my Oreo Shake. BUT 30.00 for two of us to eat is pushing it a LITTLE, butttt we don't go to the movies super frequently.
1	The standard burger is a little small and dry the fries were ok but service was slow at time we came in door no one at counter to take our order
3	I didn't quite fall in love with the burgers, but you are getting a good deal because the burger and fries are around $8.  What I did go gaga for were the large pickle chips - it had a substantial coating that stuck to the pickle and the outside remained crunchy.  Actually they should've been called pickle slabs or something.  The salad is disappointing, I've never been a fan of bland iceberg lettuce.  Make sure you order the MILSHAKES though.  YUMMO!!!!  We had the strawberry and caramel corn.  If you are hot in Town square, definitely order these!  They are so pretty and really fill you up.
3	Overall, average experience.With family, we were able to survey 5 burgers between us. Heres what we found:Fairly dry burgers, not enough flavor; potential was high but was a bit of a letdown. The fries I had were pretty good, but again, nothing substantial. As I write this, we're combining two burgers to make one that's decently good!The Oreo milkshake is pretty damn good, so keep that in mind.Wouldn't make a special trip for this shop unless you're grabbing food before a movie
1	Overall the food was good, chicken was under seasoned, but the service awful. We ordered food then sat at the bar and ordered beer. The bartender poured our beers wrong, mine was half foam and my husbands was not much better. She set them down apologized for all the foam then disappeared. The place was empty and have no idea where she went. Our food came we ate, finished the beers and finally my husband went to track her down so we could pay and go get a real drink elsewhere. She charged us $6 each for half glasses of beer.  I won't be back due to service.
5	I thought in & out burgers was good! The burgers was outstanding. This place is kind of on the high side be prepared to spend a pretty penny if you bring the family. overall very clean place even bathrooms. Did not have a military discount.
2	Located by the West Garage in Town Square on the Boulevard.The sweet potato fries and the nom-noms (fried mac n' cheese bites) are straight up. Nothing spectacular, but fried well.The main event - the burger. I ordered the Inferno burger and my wife got the Oregon Trail. The beef is what makes this burger special, but it was far from special. It downright sucked. I ordered medium-rare and got well-done. My entire party of 12 got well-done burgers. The patty was under-seasoned or not seasoned at all. I guess that's how they do it over there. A Whopper is more satisfying than these burgers.I heard the shakes are great, but I'm not coming back to try them. I recommend going to SmashBurger or Five Guys for the $5-$8 burger price range.
4	Various types of burgers and fries to try but not to worry they have your standard hamburger or cheese burger if you're not feeling adventitious! Feeling like taking a spin? Try one of their milkshakes they're cool you off in the summer Vegas heat!
4	Truffle fries addictingTriple Chocolate Shake a MustOregon Trail Was pretty tasty, I substituted red onion for onion straws.I would come back.  It would be better maybe if there was waiter service instead of order than sit.
3	Was in the area and thought why not. First of all its pretty cheap, I think its because of how small the burgers are. The meat is natural grass fed which is a plus for me. They have a good size menu. We ordered a few burgers, grilled cheese, and a chicken sandwich. My husband enjoyed it for the price he said, my son loved the. grilled cheese. And I liked the chicken sandwich. Everything seems really fresh as far as ingredients go. If your not a very critical person that eats out a lot or hasn't had amazing burgers then you may love this place. Not really much else to say because it was just ok. Service was quick and staff was friendly. The design on the inside was cute.
4	Today was actually my first time here and my experience wasn't as bad as most reviews but it wasn't as amazing.The prices are reasonable! I was surprised to pay what I had to pay because I expected a little more than I did. The person who greeted and took our order was very friendly and answered my friend and I's questions without hesitation or uncertainty.I ordered the bacon burger, which was delicious! The size was pretty reasonable and I came in there with no food in my stomach and came out very full. I also had sweet potato fries which were just the right amount of sweetness to my taste! The atmosphere was also very laid-back and there were plenty of seating. The kitchen was also open so you can see them working on the burgers! Which I thought was pretty neat.I would definitely come back again when I'm at Town Square and try out the other kind of burgers.
3	I have been here thanks to Groupon and their $12 for $20 deal. I don't know if I would come without the Groupon, for 2 of us it would cost $30 for what we want. If you stick to the basic burger & no add one it's cheaper. The burgers are good & taste fresh. The truffle fries are AWESOME. I would avoid the Mac & cheese bites as the middle of them were still cold. They weren't anything special, rather bland. If you stick to the basic burger & even decide to go for truffle fries (again, I highly recommend) combo it's only $12. Again, the bigger burgers & add one add up fast. Overall it is not a bad place for a fresh better than fast food burger. Check Groupon before you go!!
4	If you're going for the FastFood type stuff this is a much better alternative, then Jack-in-the-Box, Carl's, Burger King, McDonald's, Wendy's, it's not really comparable. Great all beef Angus burgers, their wheat bun is the best, and I love any place that serves tater tots! Prices are very comparable with the other FastFood alternatives so why spend money elsewhere and they have a bar attached with $2.00 beers. :-) I had a better Burger here than the Yard house next door, it came hot and juicy loved it! Will definitely be back when I'm in the mood.
3	Tasty. Good. Decent. Personally, not a fan of sweetened sweet potato fries; they sprinkle cinnamon on them. The burgers are typically smaller in size, however a good portion. They were just a bit on the drier side; we saw one of the cooks pressing down on the patty while it was cooking; ok grill master says you NEVER do that! It let's out all of the juiciness!!!
3	I really thought this place was just OK and didn't really knock my socks off. I ordered the I love bacon burger and my bf ordered the Seoul burger The burger patties were weirdly shaped and kind of small but at least that means they are maybe hand-made because of the irregular shape. But honestly, if I am paying $10 for a burger without a side, I expect the wow factor. The Bacon burger was standard but the Seoul burger had too much going on. It was drowning in their mayo and I could not pick out anything distinct in the flavor profile and it just did not seem to work for me. We shared some truffle fries and they also disappointed me but it may be because I prefer truffle fries to be thin/shoe-string and these were thicker so it just absorbed the oil. I will say that I liked the decor of the establishment of the chalkboards. It was fun to look around and see what people have written and add my own art. The only downside to that is our table was covered in chalk dust when we sat down. The open kitchen area to watch your food being made was also nice and the staff was having a good time and laughing. I like it when a place seems like a great place to work.
4	Great burgers I had the Buffalo burger which was moist not dry at all and the fries are worth getting. It's pricey here and the setting is similar to five guys, smash burgers, or fuddruckers.
3	I'm here at happy hour and lucky fir me they honor the prices on labor day!!! I'm sitting here with the fried Mac n cheese bites along side the fried pickles and the killer look aid! ! The killer look aid is made is made with smarter, vodka,  midori on top. Yum Yum Yum!! The plus is that it is at my favorite location in town, Town Square!!
1	Omggg ... Where do I began :/ the place was real empty. That should of been a sign not to go in. Service was horrible only seen the order taker once . The food was even worst the burger had no flavor what so ever . The fries tasted like air, it had made me gag ! Will not be going back. So disappointed
1	The bread was not toasted very odd so the bread was cold they charge extra for fries and drink the fries were soggy not very hot at all. I do not recommend this place at all. My wife just showed me the salt and pepper shakers they look like they have not been cleaned since they opened several years ago.  What YER getting here is a cheap Macdonlds hamburger. Don't waist YER time or money.
3	The food was fairly priced. I did enjoy the setting.  It was open, sunny and not too loud.  I'd have given it more, but the service was a bit slow, and then one our dishes, a Chicken burger, was over cooked.  It felt like I was chewing on a piece of rubber.  I'll skip the chicken next time.
1	Ok, after much dismay i decided to give this place another chance.  Lets just say there is a reason why this place is so bad. The computer systems were down and after an hour of waiting for our food, we left. I spoke to the manager and all I got was sorry.  I will never come back.
4	The only complaint I have is the part where they have a happy hour burger and beer and they say I have to order it at the bar. I could not sit with my nephews and family in the normal sitting area, I would have to sit at the bar. The food was good, staff attitude is great. Prices are decent and ranch is free.
5	My daughter and I loved it here. The tattoo is even real on the bun! That's what sealed the deal. Fresh and made to order. We have returned at least 4 times. I told my brother in law about it and even he approved. You must give it a try!
1	Absolutely terrible customer service. Barely any communication, horrendous people skills. Overall a bad experience that was not worth the money. Leave your table messy so they can spend more time cleaning it. They deserve it.
4	Well I started off with a tangerine beer.. It was tasty. Then I ordered the bison burger which was very tasty! It's not a huge burger but it's satisfying. I got on the side the truffle fries and fried pickles. The pickles are yummy and I really liked the dill dip it comes with. The truffle fries weren't the best I have ever had but they were not bad enough I didn't eat them believe me. Overall I would come here again! Plus bison burgers are hard to find and you can make any burger here with bison meat.
3	This place had always been on my radar to try out and I finally did this weekend. My wife and I were christmas shopping and needed to refuel. The I love bacon burger I got it was super good the patty was requested well done because my wife is pregnant and it was extremely juicy and delicouse. The size was ok not big or tiny it was a medium size for that and a handful of fries and a drink the combo was $13 a little steep. The truffle fries were really good just not enough. We also ordered the 3 piece chicken fingers which was great to have options instead of only burgers for a burger place. But when we received it we were kind of blown away. They were so tiny and $7 bucks for 3 dinky little strips. Tiny but good and the BBQ and Ran h sauce were awesome. I'm not sure if they are on house but they were tasty! I like the restaurant but I think they are way over priced. Not sure if I'll be back!
4	I really enjoyed it... the burger was great (I had the double one... can't remember the name).  Cooked just right, juicy just like a burger should be.  We found out later that we could've just gone in and sat at the bar... there were happy hour specials for food and alcohol and no line.  Next time that's exactly where I plan to go...
2	Just OK in my book. Food did not taste fresh. It was $35.00 for 2 burgers and fries. Table were not clean. Portion was smaller than a fast food place so you pay dearly for this place being in the area it is in!
