5	Best place ever for herbs, natural supplements, teas, and tempting natural "legal high" products.I came into this store on the quest to find some acai berry supplement mix. I browsed the neat and welcoming shop and was greeted almost immediately by a very friendly blonde lady... (I think she's the owner of this shop) The store was tidy and had the soothing scent of incense.  Each section of the cozy store was labeled nicely as to what products were to be used for, such as teas, smoothie mixes, or romance inducing supplements. I asked some questions about the party herbs because the display on the wall captivated me. All of the shiny capsules, colorful packaging, and headlines left me grabbing a bottle of the "party pills" to try for myself.I've been back to Happy High Herbs several times and even brought my boyfriend there to check it out. I highly recommend this store, not only for recreational herbal "legal high" uses, but for herbal/health uses as well. There is a large variety of supplements which are all shipped from Australia, where the store originated in. This is the only store in the United States, and definitely worth visiting.The friendly and attentive staff and quality products keep me a returning customer.
3	The employees here are very knowledgeable and helpful.  The store is small but has a few interesting things worth a look.  They had me try this tea that gives you dreams and OMG it worked just like they said it would.  Very weird.  I will have to stop in to see what else they have going on.
5	?While The name is great ! ,  what really caught my eye and keeps me coming back is the knowledge of the staff and the great selection of herbs, teas, oils and blends. Not just for a legal high but a real apothecary too !  Very nice accessories and fun cards, jewelry.  The New Owner has studied and traveled extensively and really knows her stuff.  She made very good suggestions for me.  She listened to my concerns and desires and made some great suggestions.   Damiana is my new friend.  Kratom is an amazing healing plant.   you determine how best and how much to use depending on what you want.   My wife likes the hormone balance herbs and the herbal teas.   whoo knew such a great shop exists so close.  I understand this was the first of it's kind (of the australian chain) in the U.S.  due to so much success, this chain now has stores in Santa Cruz, Berkeley, Ocean Beach, Denver and Flagstaff. Obviously a great thing keeps growing.   Good on ya HHHH !
