2	Be prepared to drop some serious cash here at the Shoppes. (I'm wondering myself why they added an 'e' in shoppes - maybe for that added flavor of pretention, haha). They definitely don't mess around here with high-end shops like Barney's New York, Coach, and Burberry just to name a few. Built just across the street from the Wynn Hotel and their own bougie shops, I'm sure they aim to cater to that same crowd. My friends and I walked into Michael Kors and there was a purse that caught her eye. She picks it up and then asked an associate how much it was. He casually replies, "That one is $1400." Upon hearing this, she immediately returned the purse to the display, looks at us, says "Okay," and walks away from the bag. With our incomes, we can only dream about getting the stuff here. Unless you can afford all the things here and can actually purchase them - that seems like a lot more fun!Nothing special about the decor of the Shoppes. But, there is one thing worthy of note, a waterfall that is two-stories high at the center of the mall. Be prepared to see lots of tourists taking pictures. And hey, why not take one yourself? For the hard-working middle class schmo and "normal" crowds, I recommend the Miracle Mile shops or Fashion Show Mall. I'm sure once the blazing summer heat kicks in, people will use this mall as an air-conditioned excuse to stay off the strip.
4	Holy Cow, what fun here! Shopping is exquisite. I think I need 3 more jobs to pay for it, but hey, you're in vegas! Beautifully presented merchandise and spacious stores are filled with really high end designers and it's fun to just window shop if you want. I went into the Coach store and they offer many bags not found anywhere else so it was a nice store. It's nice to grab an ice cream cone and walk around to people watch and window shop, then return to reality! Fashion mall was great alternative with things I can actually afford :)
4	i left with a hole in my wallet
3	Another shopping center in Vegas where you can't afford anything, or can't justify at all spending that much money on stuff you don't need. The decor is nice, though.
5	A truly wonderful place to shop, whether you buy anything or not! But seriously, how, how, how could you NOT! With stores like Fendi, Dior Cosmetics (insert semi-orgasmic groan here), Tory Burch, Cole Haan and Michael Kors, it's heaven for a devoted shopa-alcho-holic like yours truly. A beautiful, fragrant atmosphere, it's just plain decadent to drift from beautiful shop to more beautiful shop, a nice solid martini in hand. Big plus that just may elevate The Shoppes At Palazzo over The Forum Shops At Caesars (at least for me) was the lack of small fry running amok. Maybe because there's no FAO or scary animatronic creatures, whatever the reason, it's great grownup fun! So, GO! Window shop, browse, buy, have a cocktail, enjoy!
1	It wouldnt matter if I had all the riches in the world its just not my style all the uppity, high-end clothing & jewelry, to me its just not impressive. Yeah it sure is expensive but Not my cup of tea.
3	I'm a little on the meh side for the Shoppes at the Palazzo because it's not a very inviting environment for shopping. It is true that some of the very high end, very up-scale stores reside here and without a lot of money its hard for you to enjoy this place. But wait!The Forum Shops have JUST as many or similar types of designer stores ... why is it more fun?Well in the end, I attribute it to the fact that the Forum Shops have some "regular stores" as to draw a crowd and shows which retain the crowd. You don't want to shop in an empty mall where you're the only person browsing the store (unless you REALLY don't care). I feel like a great shopping experience and the whole point of shopping in a store is for the interaction, direct or indirect, that you have with everyone else. When I walk into the Palazzo, it's so empty it makes me want to be somewhere else with more people despite the awesome designer stores.This is not to say I will boycott the Shoppes, but it's definitely not my popular choice.
2	WTF was that living gardens show about? It was the most boring shit ever. It was at the waterfall and apparently has multiple showtimes. 3 ladies dressed up as trees or some shit moving hella slow to classical music pretending to blossom. I can't believe a crowd of 100+ people actually showed up to watch it. Just glance by it if you ever come across it, window shop for a bit, then head to the casino. PS. Happy 100th review to me!
2	I have to agree with others.  The Shoppes lacks personality.  Comparing this place to the Shoppes at the Venetian is like comparing night and day.  They do have a bunch of high end shops but these stores are often available at places such as the Forum Shops, Bellagio, and Wynn.  Further, the stores here are pretty small (except for Barneys) and their other locations often have more stuff.  It's nice to walk around but if you're looking to make a purchase, head to one of the other casinos and do it there.
2	Located inside the lavish Palazzo is this insane collection of stores that is an imposing entity unto itself.  But unlike the neighboring "shoppes" at The Venetian, there nothing here for common folk like me (or the throngs of rednecks) to even pretend to be interested in.  These stores are the kind of places you can really only hit up after you've won big on the penny slots.  But even if I did win a couple of million pennies, I'd probably steer clear of this collection of stores.  They have a "look, don't touch" vibe that would turn me off even if I was a millionaire.  And I WILL be a millionaire.  Just a few more spins on the 'ol slot machine.  Seriously.  Umm... can anyone front me a dime?
3	We wandered around here early one morning right after most of the shops opened.  The place was empty.  We seriously saw very few people as we walked around (I think they were all sleeping off their hangovers).  The fountains and umbrellas are pretty and make for pretty photos.  The shops are a mix of average to very expensive shops.  We walked in a few and the people were friendly enough.There are some cafes and restaurants toward the far end (we were coming from the Venetian).  It's a nice place to take a stroll, but it's not shopping for the average person. Besides the central gardens/fountains, the place was pretty boring.
4	Because it's on the Strip, we don't get down to The Shoppes to often....however, when we make the trip, we're always happy that we did.  There is a nice selection of upscale shops.....Fendi, Billionaire, Burberry, Coach...and many more.  Those are a few of the shoppes The Better Half (TBH) and I like to browse.While we're here, we always make sure to stop by the Double Helix Wine Bar to enjoy a glass of Wine while we're shopping.Located on the 2nd floor of the Palazzo, it's away from the action of the Casino.  There's a good selection of restaurants on the 2nd floor as well.Will I return?  You can count on it.
5	Though the Palazzo shares much in common with the Venetian, the Shoppes are not among them. The Palazzo is far superior in their quality of stores...including Thomas Pink, 7 for all Mankind, and Fresh (some of my favorites). The Palazzo is well worth a visit for both the gambling and shopping. A great combination if you actually manage to take some money from the casinos (only to give it back at the shops).
2	It is connected to the Grand Canal shops at the Venetian. These shops are all high end and upscale. The only shop I could afford I think was Victoria's Secret. There is an antique bookstore that's interesting to look inside of. There were a lot if vacant spots so I'm not sure how well this place does. Nice to just stroll through. They need to consider putting in some affordable stores too, like the Grand Canal Shoppes.I was fortunate to have eaten at Mainland when the shops opened. I miss that place. It had yummy noodle dishes. A bowl of noodles was a bowl of luck! ^_^*~
4	I love this place - Tory Burch, Christan Louboutin, DVF, Catherine Malandrino, Jimmy Choo, 7 for All Mankind, Chloe, and Michael Kors, just to name a few.  Great place to window shop, though sometimes there are sales (watch out now!).Great place to visit while the mister gambles.  I always hit up these shops, Venetian, Wynn, and the Fashion Show Mall.
3	A beautiful set of high end shops. I can't really afford to shop here on a regular basis when i'm in Vegas, but I am a sucker for two of them.  The Rare Bookstore and Andrew's Ties usually get a visit out of me.The fountain is usually the center of attention for tourists taking pictures of their sweeties or families.  If you sit near the water, don't move back too far or you'll get water down your pants!
4	Beautiful butterfly display. Love the burgundy florals and waterfall. There are tons of shops here that I love to visit. Of course, there are some that I wish I had any business being in but let's face it. Real people don't shop here. This is for those touristy type who love to flaunt all that cash that they have sitting in their wallet, that they have been saving up for a whole year. They just want to look so baller. I understand. But really, this isn't the place for your average joe. The stores are all very well kept and fairly high end. I love to come and snap a few shots at the waterfall and things like that. But other than that, it's a nice place for a walk through and to kill some time.
4	Nice shops, and clean floors. Window Shopping is always fun. The employees are courteous. I would save the 10 Dollars though and not see the Dealership. Few cars are down there and you can peek in from the stairs and see everything. It was wasted 10 dollars in my book.
4	just do it
3	I kept getting lost!!!  This place is so freaking confusing.Only place I actually purchased anything was the Fresh store. High, high end window shopping is just not my thing.
5	Love shopping in Vegas! The Palazzo shops are great for everyone.  Just awesome to walk around and check out the decor.  Amazing place.
4	This is one of those great Las Vegas places for window shopping and people watching. I haven't bought anything here, but I've spent several hours exploring the shops.  Bauman Rare Books is one of those fantastic stores where you want to walk around with your hands tied behind your back because you don't want to touch anything and leave a print on anything.  What an interesting shop.I also window shop and the tie shop and I smile when I think that I know longer have to wear a tie unless i want to.  Those are just two of the neat places in the Shoppes at the Palazzo.  I sometimes wonder how some stay in business because they're almost hiding in plain sight, but many people don't know the extent of the shoppes nor the different hallways that take you to different shops on different floors.
3	Few unique, independent stores line the corridors of The Shoppes at The Palazzo, making this shopping center, well, just a shopping center, rather than a destination.  While it is well kept, it is perennial ghost town, which allows for more personal service in many of the shops.
4	I love the shops....perfect for window shopping, because most of the time I can't afford anything. Its usually never crowded, well whenever I've been there. Once you walk into one of the stores you get greeted by wonderful sales people. They make you feel so welcome. Walk into one of the stores, look around and sip on champagne. I utterly love that.
3	Large selection of high priced shops.  Looked like more people were just walking around rather than buying anything.
5	I don't care if I can't afford the ultra steep priced, high end stores.  This is a beautiful venue, richly decorated with a smattering of lovely fountains.  It was so pleasing to the eye, and honestly, I love browsing through the shops that will never be in my price range.  Okay, so I should think positively and HOPE for a day where I could afford it, but short of that happening, I can still browse and let out an occasional oooooh and aaaaah.  The decor is divine !!!!!!!!!!  I wanted to spend more time here, but we just didn't have it to spend.......money or time, come to think of it.  Another plus, easy access to this place from the Grand Canale Shoppes.  Just occurred to me, I never got to see the actual Palazzo Hotel........just saw the shops.  Oh well, all the more reason for a return visit, right ??
4	The Shoppes at the Palazzo is one of the finest collections of luxury brands you will find one the strip.  The mix what you need and what you want is dangerous because you can spend a lot of time and money over there and that's exactly what they are going for.  Nestled above the Palazzo Casino floor it feels much more welcoming than the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian although you can't discount the difference in atmosphere being a good change of pace.  The Shoppes at the Palazzo is more of your "traditional" shopping setting.  This is a great place to go for shopping, dinning and just strolling around.  If you haven't stopped by I would make it a point to go.
4	A calmer shopping scene than Forum Shops at Caesar or Fashion Show Mall and a good blend of couture boutiques to ready-to-wear, more accessible than Crystals and Wynn-Encore Esplanade. The Venetian setting remains classic and a unique experience. Favorites include Chloe, DVF, Poleci, Barneys. Stop by Espressamente Illy for a delicious espresso or cappuccino.
4	Lovely, beautiful, and crowded. I didn't actually shop, just walked through and looked around, but there is beautiful art all around. Don't miss out. If you need a break, come in here and just browse around. It's crowded, but for some reason, seems relaxing and calming.
4	High end stores; very nice area to walk around if you want to window shop or get out of the Vegas heat.
5	OK, I have to admit: as a guy, it takes a fair amount for a shopping area to impress me, much less warrant a full 5 of 5 stars. So, gents, let me explain why this is actually happening and to have a successful / fun / enjoyable afternoon with your lady in Las Vegas. Step 1: Regardless of where you're staying, suggest to them "Today I think we should stop by one of the casino bars after breakfast and have some champagne. Then we'll game for a half hour or so after which we'll walk through the Palazzo and do some shopping" - at which point she'll agree because you said the magic word: SHOPPING!Step 2: Enact the plan - head down to the casino bar and ply her with mimosas or bellinis or whatever...so long as it has champagne in it, you're golden. Have a couple yourself. Gamble. Casually announce that you're off to do some shopping.Step 3: Amble your way along to the Palazzo - if you come in through the front then walk through the casino, stop at a gelato shop, etc. Make it enjoyable. Step 4: Upon arriving at the Palazzo your jaw will drop (yes, even you, lowly non shopping gents) at the staggering displays therein. And so will your lovely lady's jaw drop. Stop at a couple stores and then announce that you need a refill. Step 5: Stop at the Double Helix Wine Bar and collect glasses of wine for your and your date / significant other.Step 6: Tag along while they shop. You're now pleasantly buzzed and you'll find you don't hate it. Step 7: While shopping you'll invariably find something that (a) costs a little less than what she was expecting and (b) costs a bit more than what you were expecting. BUY IT. Step 8: The remainder of your trip to Vegas will be the best time of your life and you can pretty much do anything.There you have it guys...I just showed you how to have THE BEST trip to Vegas with your lady / significant other. PS: You can use this unlimited times and your gal will ALWAYS want to go back to Vegas then.
5	Three words for you...High End Expensive. I can't give the Shoppes at the Palazzo any less than 5 stars because they market, advertise, and sell MONEY.  That's their main goal.  Put a bunch of high end stores together and make money.  Since they accomplish their goal, you can't fault them for it.  When it comes to expensive goodies, might as well set it up correctly and at one of the more classier casinos like the Palazzo.  All the stores are maintained, clean, and have some of the best service ever, like ever.  I've only been here a half dozen times and never bought anything due to my wine taste/beer budget.  But I can tell you one thing, you're never stereotyped here, you're never treated like you don't belong, and you're never more than a minute in a store without great service.  My issue...I just can't justify some of the expenses.  If I ever hit the CA Lottery (2, 23, 45, 55, 8, Mega 13) then you may finally find me here not window shopping, but actually getting something. The Shoppes at the Palazzo:  http://www.theshoppesatthepalazzo.com/directory
2	I was actually quite disappointed with the Shoppes. Compared to other casino shopping centers like the Forum Shops & the shopping attached to the Venetian next door, the Shoppes really doesn't offer many choices.
3	All the shoppes at the Palazzo are expensive. This is like the Rodeo Dr of California or Oak Street in the Gold Coast of Chicago. It is not like at Ceasar's Forum shops where there is a lot more variety. I like to window shop here and wish for things I can not afford, but the sales people are very pleasant here. They offered water bottles while I shopped at Tory Burch's for a specific purse my daughter was raving about.**Also important to mention is I was almost swindled into buying some "sea-salt" cosmetics from La Savon. It's nothing more than the other cosmetics sold in kiosks throughout Las Vegas and elsewhere...I was curious how they managed to have an actual store front shop. The woman there tried to sell me 2 bottles of makeup first for $599, then went to $199 in a matter of minutes to get a sale. I flew out of there as quick as I could. Thankfully my husband made some excuse to leave.
5	Another one of my favorite places to shop in Vegas. I love the huge Victoria's Secret!!! Could spend entire day shopping here!
4	Definitely an upscale shopping center.The shops/boutiques are definitely for the rich. =)Great shopping experience.
4	On a couple of occasions, we strolled through the Shoppes at the Palazzo.  The assortment of high end brands was satisfactory, but it was not all-inclusive.  For Chanel, LV, or other high end stores, you have to go across the street to the Mall.  The Shoppes at the Palazzo is well-decorated with marble floors and other fine textures.  If you do not like to gamble and have the means to shop at high end stores, this place is for you.  As a result, we usually stick to the slot machines!
2	Some great shops, but CRAZY hard to get your bearings, find the store you're looking for, or keep track of which "aisles" you've "done" and what's left to shop... for a sport shopper like me, that's incredibly annoying - and tends to keep me away. Given almost all of these stores can be found in at least one other shopping center in Vegas...
4	This gorgeous mall of shoppes in the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas are pricey for sure but it's lovely to look at all the upscale items. There are a few shops here and there that won't break your bank - look for Basin (a great little soap shop that has only one other location and that's in Orlando) and Fresh (great cosmetics) and other beauty stores. Lovely restaurants and super clean throughout.
3	This mall is a lot smaller than the ones that I walked through in Vegas, especially since they don't have a huge number of stores for you to look at.While the interiors and decorations of the mall looked really nice, the stores that they had were super pricey.Well, if you want to take a nice little walk in a shopping area, then this place is okay to do so.
3	Really nice shopping mall.  Beautiful with some really nice high end stores.  Some of its shortcomings are it's small compared to other malls or even casino shopping malls, it doesn't blow you away like the Venetian Grand Canal Shops or Caesar's Forum Shoppes.  Although it's attached to the Grand Canal shops. Nonetheless, because I never miss the Grand Canal Shops, I make the short walk to this place.  When you win the Megabucks, you can afford to shop here.
4	Love walking through here. Pretty views and displays.  And of course, high end stores.  Good restaurants can be found in here too.
3	It's a mall. That's all. By Vegas standards, it's kind of small. The stores are ultra high end, so prepare to see your bank account balances fall. None of the shops were for me, but they are pleasing enough to the eyeball. But I did like the atrium, if I recall. There were a lot of cool flowers and even an enclosed butterfly house in the hall. But all in all, nothing too special.
5	This was the highlight of my stay in Vegas! I love shopping at high end places, for some reason it makes me really happy spending loads of money. The mall itself is kind of small, but it is really pretty inside. Some shops here include Fendi, Barney's New York, Cartier, Ralph Lauren (includes Black Label) and Michael Kors.. Among others! All the stores are really nice with marble floors and such! This is the best place to go besides Rodeo Drive and 5th Avenue in New York if you're looking for an upscale shopping experience!
