5	We bought a Tropitone sling patio dining set here in 2000 and have loved it ever since. Our only regret was that we didn't get a matching sling glider, so last year, we went back to the showroom. They don't make the exact style and color of frame anymore, but the salesman worked with us patiently to find the best match. You have to look REALLY hard to tell it's not from the same exact line.Also, we had vouchers for replacement slings on our original set (that we never used because the slings always looked as good as the day we bought them) and they'd expired, but because we were buying the glider and wanted matching fabric, they honored the vouchers! We chose a new fabric that we loved (they have a HUGE selection) and got all 4 chairs re-slung and new hardware put on (because plastic will eventually crack in our harsh, hot summers in AZ) for a reasonable parts-and-delivery fee. They picked up our chairs, put on the new slings and hardware and delivered them back with the new glider, with no problems whatsoever. Everyone was professional, respectful and knowledgeable about the products. The prices quoted were accurate, the time frame for delivery was correct, and we we were thrilled at the quality of the job on the re-slinging.Yes, you can get patio furniture from a warehouse or discount store for much less, but you get what you pay for - the chairs fall apart, the fabric deteriorates, the powder coating flakes off, etc. I highly recommend Paddy O' to everyone I know due to the great selection, excellent service and top-of-the-line products.
5	My husband and I bought a wonderful set from the Madrid Collection from Paddy O Furniture a few years back. The quality is amazing and we still get compliments on our backyard furniture. We went to this store through a recommendation and now we are recommending it and our friends have had same good experience. Great service and great products!
4	This place has some fantastic looking outdoor furniture. When first entering, they have two outdoor displays that really help give you a feel for how to setup your patio. Unfortunately, we were not in the market for patio furniture but wanted to look anyway. I loved all the wood, stone, and metal pieces. Everything flowed together well and they had some nice setups. An employee informed me they have a lot more on their online store, which would help give dimensions and such. I appreciated it this, since I am more of an online shopper but it was nice to see what they had in stock and on display. I would definitely recommend going here if you are in the market for patio furniture. The prices did seem a little high end, but the craftsmanship really stood out.
1	We purchased a table four chairs at tent sale recently. We noticed several chairs had splits in wood near screws so sales rep had us pick out four chair we wanted. She put our name on them. Not one of these four chairs were delivered to our home today. 3 had split wood at the screws and the fourth has an entire top corner of chair damaged and split. How did these chairs (especially the fourth one) even leave the warehouse? We are having a barbecue this weekend, so our family and friends certainly will not be impressed with our new furniture. I called customer service, the gentleman seemed very unimpressed, very complacent that I was very disappointed and unhappy. I was told "we have plenty in the warehouse we'll let you know when we can come back out your way".  Again, does anyone actually inspect furniture before it goes out for delivery?
4	After several mis-happened delivery attempts, a very nice letter from Mr Schindler and a gift certificate to Omaha Steaks we are most importantly pleased and happy with our table and four chairs.  We use them in our veranda and several guests have commented on how nice they are. This started out as a Murphy's Law sale and delivery but we can say that Paddy O'Furniture after the initial phone call was very responsive to our complaints and in the end rectified what was wrong. Thank you Paddy O'Furniture.
