4	I stayed here twice as a result of US Airways botching my connection (with their own flights!) both going out and coming back.  Only about 5-10 minutes from the terminal, this place is a bit better than your run of the mill motel, I think.  Better than Motel 6 in that they give you soap AND shampoo (face and body soap, no less).  Good effort on their part was done in feathering the toilet paper and neatly folding the towels into various designs.  Not bad for typical motel.Staff was very nice both nights, despite the glut of fellow stranded US Airways fliers.  I'm surprised US Airways hasn't just purchased this place since it seems to be the biggest tenant.Not far from the strip too, I walked to and fro at 1am without worry.Don't know what the price range is though, but it cost me a 'US Airways Hotel Voucher.'
4	The motel 6 hookers scared me.  I was convinced that I was going to have to drive across town to find a place to stay that wasn't OBVIOUSLY infested with hookers, and didn't cost more than $100 to stay at.  As I made my getaway from Motel 6 aka the Tropicana Brothel, I noticed this Travelodge with its quarter full parking lot and lack of vagrants.  I made a quick right turn, parked, and walked into the office where I met Scarlet.  The office was clean, and Scarlet was just lovely.  After a quick exchange of questions and answers, I was handing over my credit card so that she could check me in.  I got a ground room floor with a parking spot directly in front of my door.The room was neat and clean with a bunch of amenities I don't use even when I'm at home.  Amenities like a hair dryer, coffee maker, and safe.  I did however make use of the fridge, air conditioning, and tv.  For those of you who need to be near water, there is a pool located in the center of the parking lot behind the front office.  Oh, and YES, the shower worked, and wasn't disgusting!Later I found myself checking out some brochures in the front office, trying to figure out what to see and do in the Las Vegas area.  Scarlet happened to be a local, born and raised in Las Vegas.  I explained I like doing outdoorsy type stuff, away from hookers and stinky gamblers.  She told me about Red Rock and the Valley of Fire, gave me directions, and good sound advice that usually only locals can give.Next time I'm in Vegas, if I'm not going to stay at one of the bigger fancier hotels that cost helluv $$$  I will totally be staying here at this Travelodge.  It's just a block or two off of Tropicana which is not very far from the strip at all.  The place wasn't over run with hookers and pimps.  The room was neat, clean, and well maintained.  Most of all Scarlet made a lasting impression with all the helpful and down to earth advice she gave me about the Las Vegas area.
2	You get what you pay for. It's cheap and it looks cheap. My friends and I headed to Vegas on a whim and nothing was planned, so we needed a room and fast. We called multiple places that were either booked or too expensive, so we finally checked in here.The beds aren't comfortable and there really isn't anything special about this place, but it's a good choice if you are in Vegas to party and aren't planning on being in the room much.It's not directly on The Strip but it's not far from it. We walked and it took us maybe 15-20 min.
4	I was pleasantly surprised!! Nice clean room and pretty cheap too! Great room service and they treat you better then hooters hotel and Casino that cost twice as much .. Great location and throwing distance from the airport.. Cheers
2	The hotel itself was OK for what you pay for but the service involving the shuttle from the airport to the hotel was terrible.  I called and said I was getting my luggage and Connie said where to go. She said it would be 20 minutes or so and that seemed reasonable.  But after 25 minutes and no one there I call back to see where they are. She then says she will have him come now that I am there....she didn't say anything about having to call back like I did or anything. She then says it should be 10 minutes. Still no one there after that. I have my girlfriend call them so that I wouldn't get angry with them. Connie then says the Guy should be there in 5 minutes and that he was running another run! What kind of crappy circus are they running here? So after an hour....they show up. We were just about to go and get a cab. Just terrible service. I don't know if there will be a next time.
3	Not a bad place to stay on our last night in Vegas. Everything was quiet during our stay here. The hotel is situated on Koval Lane right on a corner so it can be difficult to get on the road since it can be busy and you can't see around the corner.
1	Does not accept dogs
1	No hot water. Called the front desk and was told to let the water run half an hour first. I let it run an hour on both days and still no hot water. Coffee machine in toom didn't work correctly and one of the lights didn't have a bulb. Did have a mini fridge amd air conditioning which was nice but without hot water, can't take a nice shower. Would not stay again.
1	I can't comment on the hotel, itself, but here's what I discovered about the point of view of the customer service representatives who work there: When I phoned to inform the front desk that my flight into Vegas had been canceled, and to ask if any considerations might be made since I also had a 9 night stay booked with them next month, Chris informed me that my booking was prepaid (which I was aware of, as I had been the one to have paid it), and had a 24 hour cancellation policy (which I was also quite aware of), and that the rate I had received was considerably below the standard room rate. His implication was that the hotel had done me a favor, and how inconsiderate of me to not have even bothered to arrive on schedule. I was shocked, and he obviously wasn't in the mood to discuss it, so I thanked him and hung up.What I had forgotten to remind Chris was that it was his corporation which had decided my room rate, not me, and all I had done was select his corporation's hotel for my stay, amongst dozens of Vegas hotels, and that the cancellation period has certainly not expired for my extended stay next month.I'm sure I can find a hotel for the same money that won't treat me as if they're doing me a favor by accepting my money and allowing me to stay in their room. I recommend any self-respecting traveler to do the same.
4	This is a great place to stay if you only need the basics/don't plan on spending a lot of time sitting in your hotel room. It was clean, comfortable, safe, and convenient. Very close to the strip, and had a free shuttle back to the airport. I would gladly stay here again.
3	The walls are paper thin. Found a cockroach. Had a nice TV and location. The staff let me use the free airport shuttle without reserving in advance.
4	Our party of five got three rooms here and were pleasantly surprised how nice it was for the low price.  The guy working the front desk was great, very friendly and funny.  He had a "difficult" customer ahead of us and he handled it respectfully and professionally and with a smile.  Our room was clean, spacious and comfortable and everything worked as it should with the exception of the door card access system.  All  three rooms had serious issues fighting with the darn card reader before eventually getting them to open.  The front desk guy even had to re-code one of the cards and then come up and fight with it before it opened the room.  A pain in the butt, but I'd rather have that issue versus the door being too easy to open!  Despite the late hour that we arrived (near midnight) there weren't any vagrants or prostitutes around that we saw.  Noise wise, you're right at the end of a runway so the planes taking off make a racket but otherwise we had no issues with noise.The amenities in the room were modern and in decent shape.  Really, we'll probably stay here again when visiting Vegas unless I'm on the company dime and can upgrade to one of the resort casino hotels for 5 times the cost.
