4	At first glance, Pickled Green looks very stripped down, shiny and new from the outside. That is only because they are new, and for an establishment just joining Edinburgh's eating scene they are doing exceptionally well.They post up snippets of their high profile rave reviews in the window and on their signs, which can occasionally put me off eating in a place. But Pickled Green's contemporary surroundings are clean without being unwelcoming. And really, you sould be concentrating on the food - which is amazing!With mouthwatering spinach, spring vegetables and soup, their lunchtime menu is an absolute treat. The majority of their food is locally sourced and they seem to regularly update their menu. I visited here with my friends and our meals were so tasty there wasn't a scrap left on any of our plates. There is also enough on the menu to appease veggies, no matter what time of the day you stop in for a dish!The staff are friendly, the surroundings are relaxed and the chef is shit hot - not bad for its first year! A very welcome addition to Rose Street's good eateries, it's no wonder Pickled Green is tickling its customers pink.
4	It may not look much from the outside, but Pinkerton Smith is actually a surprisingly good little restaurant cum cafe with an emphasis on seasonal and fresh food. It has a slight feel of being aimed at the organic Earth Mother brigade, but don't let that out you off.Wood pigeon might not sound the best, but it's far more tasty than munching on a disease ridden flying rat caught fresh from Waverley Station. The soups and vegetables are also pretty solid, and the fresh, natural taste of the scran ensures you feel healthy and alive rather than sick and bloated once you leave.Prices get ramped up severely in the evening, so it's best to visit at lunch.
4	All pubs on Rose Street are more or less the same, but they're all brilliant.As Marj has said, they have all their reviews stuck up on their windows, which is a bit arrogant yeah, but it works. If someone recommends it, I'll go, and that is exactly how I found myself in Pickled Green. It's a nice place, nicely decorated and nice friendly staff. The atmosphere is really good too, really chilled.The food is good too, although that's second-hand information I'm afraid as I've only been for a drink. Rest assured, I'll come for something to eat!
5	Super! Traditional Scottish plus contemporary gastro-pub. Go here.
