5	Due more to scheduling conflicts and lack of short term memory, I have had the privilege of eating only one Frenchy's Carribbean Dog.  Regardless of infrequency and time elapsed, I still have delicious memories.The tasty, piping hot dog and soft bun were a perfect foil to the perfectly spicy and flavorful mango habanero salsa.I encourage anyone who happens to run into the friendly owner while he is working at crafting a gastronomic masterpiece to order one.  The only downside is the lifelong cravings that are a result of this hot dog.I only wish he would set up permanent shop by our clubhouse.Matt AKA "Redline"
5	Best dog ever...Spicy polish dog, chicago style, with the caribbean sauce/spread = fire breathing hell in heavan
5	Super Bomb dot com!!! One of the best polish dogs I have ever had!!! Thanks frenchy for the blissful mango sauce and spicy mustard covered dog!
5	Alright, so 1st off, my husband and I had parked so my husband could make an interview so we let our Great Dane, Odin, out to walk around a bit and Frenchy came over to ask if it was alright if he gave the burnt dogs he was gonna throw away to Odin. Of course I said yes, so than we started up a great conversation and I decided I had to try a Caribbean dog since Im from Alaska, I went with the Pineapple Strawberry dog and I can not describe just how delicious it is! It's got a great spicy kick to it, but it was cooled down by the chilled sweet fruit topping and once all the flavors came together my tounge exploded into a mouthgasam! It was eaten before we realized it and were both sad when it was over, but look forward to finding Frenchy again in the next few days! You won't be disappointed!
4	O Frenchy's; Love that spicy sauce!At the behest of a trusted source of hot dog deliciousness, I was convinced to give Frenchy's a shot at the title of 'worlds best dog'.I really enjoyed the spicy sauce that makes his Caribbean Dogs worthy of competition for a top billed dog. Frenchy is a great guy and was a pleasure to chat with, he'll brighten up your day with just a few short minutes at his cart! If you're bold and don't mind a kick to your taste buds every once in a while, tell him you want it spicy and he'll kick it up with that awesomely hot, peppery concoction.While I can't say I loved this hot dog, it definitely is one of my top picks, just behind number one. Over all, my lunch was spicilly delicious and I ended up with the hiccups to prove it.That caribbean sauce, IMO, is good enough to bottle and sell - I'd definitely buy a bottle or two. Lunch behind the AZ republic building on 2nd street and taylor is all the better because of Frenchy and his fine caribbean flavors.Happy Yelping Phoenix!
5	Frenchys has some of the best hot dogs I've tasted in Arizona! You better check this place out before long lines start forming because it is diffidently working up a fan base fast!You can't really write an in-def review on this place. If you like hot dogs and are looking for the best hot dogs in Arizona go to Frenchys. Sorry for sounding like I'm advertising the place haha. You go try it! You won't be disappointed!
5	I absolutely loved your Chicago dog ! Thank you so much for your great dogs and fabulous service ! We will love to have back at our bar for special events !!!
5	THE MOST AMAZING DOGS EVER!Frenchy is an awesome guy and like I already said, the dogs are amazing! You MUST try the Caribbean Dogs, so flavorful! It is so worth the drive (or ride) wherever he is at for the day! :)
5	The worlds best hot dogs I will drive as far as I need to for these !!!! Awesome prices for these amazing dogs.
5	So, I'm not a huge hot dog fan. Occasionally, I'll get a craving. But I've committed myself to never eat hot dogs in public. But Friday I was jonesing a dog in the worst way, and Frenchy answered that call. I'll echo the praises for the Caribbean Dog. That spicy, meaty concoction is amazing! He was at the corner of First Ave and Wash, so I guess he bounces around downtown.
5	I was driving around one day and i was very hungry!!! I searched "hot dog" and this guys popped up . He was happened to be at Bell Toyota. Which meant all you can eat for free.. hahaah but i meant to pay.  Anyway the sauce are what made his dog good... nice guys too. always laughing.. haha
5	Frenchys was awesome! The Chicago dog tasted authentic and the dude running it was super nice who I think may have been frenchy. They took a card too which was sweet because I had no cash. If I see these dudes around again, I'll be ordering some dogs!
5	Mmmmm I got the traditional Hot Dog with Caribbean Sauce damn it was like I wasn't eating a hot dog it had just a little kick and fresh flavors, it was quite refreshing hahah. Awesome dude!!!! Thank you :)
5	Had the Caribbean traditional and it was amazing! I never had a Caribbean hot dog before but I was very impressed. The dog had lettuce, tomato, onions and a spicy sauce. The sauce was very good - not too spicy but just enough kick to make it delicious. Will definitely be returning to try more options!
5	What a great idea! I love trying new things and having a Caribbean hot dog was something I haven't tried yet. Needless to say I was thoroughly pleased. I had the Italian sausage dog with traditional and super spicy! Next time I want to try one of the fruit relishes like mango or papaya with the hot dog. It wasn't overbearing hot but had a great kick and good flavor. Frenchy is such a great guy who is super friendly and really genuine. Met him at Grand Canyon University where he had his cart set up. I will definitely give him my business in the future when I see him around campus! Give it a try!
4	I have enjoyed a Caribbean dog or two while out and about in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend it regardless of whether you are drinking or not.  It is legitimately just a tasty snack and one no one else is offering.  Has always been great for conversation too.   Glad to see others are leaving reviews to get a bit more exposure.  Tip: forget what you want, have him make it his way.  That is what you need.
