5	I used Gama Floor Care for my carpets and tile. All I can say is WOW!!! Our home is only a year and a half old and I had no idea they were that dirty!  They did a very thorough job and were very careful with my furniture. They also vacuumed first!  I don't think the carpet and tile were that clean when we moved in. When they were all finished they made recommendation on what to use on my tile to keep it looking awesome. I would highly recommend them to anyone. I know I will hire them again to clean my flooring!  Thank you Gama Floor Care!!
5	Gama Flooring does a high quality cleaning job at a very reasonable price.  He was recommended by my property management company.  I recently moved into a rental and the tile and grout were filthy.  My landlord agreed to pay for cleaning.  Bob first put acid on the floor.  Then he used a circular spinning electric brush, and followed it with a pressure/steam wash.  Finally, he mopped the floor with a neutralizer.  I am so impressed and happy with the results.  The grout and tile are a completely different color than they were before the cleaning, and now I can be comfortable taking my shoes off and playing on the floor with my kids.  I highly recommend this company.
5	Gama floor care is awesome. Their customer service was great. They were able to meet all my needs and even came out the next day. My tile, grout, carpet and couches never looked better. They took the extra time to protect my home (cabinets/baseboards) from there hoses! Now that I have used them, I wouldn't use anyone else. Thanks Gama floors!!!
5	We recently used Gama Floor Care to clean up our home after moving. We have 4 boys and 2 dogs and let me tell ya, Gama Floor Care was a LIFESAVER! We are SO pleased with the results and condition of our carpet. We thought that we were going to loose our security deposit because of the carpet but Gama team was able to get us our deposit back and made the carpet look brand new. I will definitely be using them again in the future. The team was professional and most importantly affordable. Cannot thank them enough.
5	WoW...thought I was going to need to replace the carpet on my filthy stairs, but NOPE...no need after GAMA FLOOR CARE came to clean them. They were on time, fast, efficient, professional, and very reasonably priced. Thank you Gama Floor Care--you're awesome!
