4	My hubby and I are picky about our sushi. Many claim to be sushi spots, but they lack the culture that we look for in a sushi restaurant. Some chains have tried to make sushi hip, cool, and corporate,by pushing out the culture that invented it in the first place. Atami is authentic, JAPANESE, sushi, and it is oh so tasty, and reasonably priced. The spot is owned by a friendly Japanese couple. The husband handles the sushi right behind the sushi bar. LOCATIONThis spot is a hole in the wall location right next to a SUBWAY and some independent businesses. Boo on you if you let the location deter you, and you chicken out and you opt for SUBWAY! Where is your sense of adventure? You are missing out. Some of the best food comes from these types of locations.RESTAURANTBefore you walk in, you'll see their "A" Grade proudly posted in their window for everyone to see. An "A" Grade is more than enough reason to set my foot in the door!!! It is very neat and clean. The restaurant is tiny. It is sit down, or take out. It has a sushi bar where you can see how your food is prepped. It also has booths and tables.FOODYou can order sushi and other Asian dishes from the menu, and they are reasonably price. This is not an easy find. Sushi is often overpriced. One of the highlights of this location is the Bento Special. The Bento Special includes your choice of an entree that comes with soup, rice, 4 California Roll pieces, and a Spring Roll for 6.99. You can tack on their 2 sushi roll combo for an additional $7. The food is fresh and is served on something that is not your traditional white plate. At this location presentation matters.The menu is nice, but the highlight of this location is the sushi. The sushi is the first thing that you should try. I heart Atami and you should too!!!! Support this local business YELPERS. This place needs to be around because it is legit, and it is oh so tasty.
1	I came across Atami Sushi by chance, as I was looking for an alternative for the regular restaurants.  I was attracted by the large sign outside of the establishment boasting their $6.99 shrimp bento box.  When I walked in, I was seated and ordered the aforementioned dish.  I was told that they didn't have the bento box and were out of salad.  I began to leave and they said they could make it for me, just without the salad.  When it arrived, it was the worst bento box I've had in the entire World.  I've traveled everywhere and grew up in Japan and Korea, and this box had the smallest servings I've ever seen and lacked in the asian flavor many other restaurants can easily manage.  The shrimp were small, the serving of rice was possibly one cup, the advertised egg rolls were half spring rolls and, the fried carrots were over cooked, the miso soup was cold, and the california roll was very warm and filled with cream cheese, instead of fish and vegetables.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone based off the location, which is in a questionable neighborhood; the customer service, because of the pushy person who lacked proper english skills; and the quality of the food, which lacked in holding up to its advertising as well as its lack of quantity, value per price, and lack of the traditional asian flavors.
5	Best Chinese food in Phoenix so far.
4	I really like the food here, regular & sushi. The prices are good and it's always delicious. The people that work here are very friendly, stop by and give it a try!
4	My husband and I love Sushi this is right around the corner. Aami has a wide selection of rolls that are delicous. I call ahead and my take out is always ready when I get there
5	This tiny little place has a chef who has been making real sushi for many, many years and it shows well it tastes. This place is probably not for those who like to eat those big fat sushi rolls stuffed with cream cheese and everything else imaginable. Though they do serve those rolls that are deep fried and what not, still their best ones are the simplest. Every time I've been there, the service has been great. Su ( I don't really know how to spell her name) makes a great hot and sour soup. The fish is always fresh, just grab a slice and place it on your tongue it tastes so great it melts. And it doesn't hurt that every once in a while when we're sitting there chit chatting with the owners we get a free roll or soup.
5	This small sushi bar is the closest to real Japanese food I have found! It is amazing and deserves to be praised. They have made a long time customer out of me.....
5	The food is excellent, as us the service. A true Mom & Pop restaurant. I was impressed with the size and selection of the menu. Tried 2 of the rolls and had a bowl of chicken udon noodles. The rolls were shared as was a large bowl of hot & sour soup. All was excellent. The chicken in my udon melted in my mouth. By far this is my favorite sushi/Japanese/Chinese restaurant....EVER!
5	Some of the best sushi and hot &sour soup I've ever had. Excellent service! The orange chicken was perfect.
5	A Ta Mi Sushi was amazing! My boyfriend and I were searching for a very close sushi place that also offered other cuisine options, since he is not a sushi fan.This place has it all and it is VERY affordable! I had a Miso Soup, Spicy Tuna, and the "Mexican Roll" (superb) and he had the Orange Chicken Wok meal and we paid $30 and were stuffed! I am happy that I found a sushi place that I can go to with my boyfriend - who hates sushi!
4	Good sushi and good prices. Small family enviornment and the taste is worth the wait. Sushi is made fresh and tastes great!
1	first time i went the food was good, cali roll to go, service was a little cold.  Second time I was exhausted after a crap day at work, wanted to pick up some soup and a cali roll, go home and chill.  I called ahead to make sure they were open, man said "we open tip 9".  when i got there at 8:45 he said sorry we are closed, i said i just called you and he proceeded to argue with me.  He was about to make my cali roll when his wife i think started yelling in a non-english language.  I asked to maybe get something real easy and she kept yelling at him.  finally I gave up and let them know that i intended to not ever come back and not refer a single person to their establishment due to the unacceptable customer service, the man said "go, get out to here", sheer rudeness like i have never encountered.  Tired and begrudgingly i went further down the road to Sushi Style, received timely, friendly, perfect service and excellent food.  So sad about Atami because food is good but I would rather not have my head bitten off to get it!
3	We were in town on vacation and needed a late dinner.  We eat sushi everywhere so we know good from bad.  This was good sushi.  It wasn't "great" or super fancy.  Everything was very tasty and seemed fresh.  The only downer was the rice.  We went late so maybe it had been sitting.   Overall, nice people and good food at a reasonable price.
4	this food is very good.  the crab ragoons are huge and delicious.  the people are very friendly and made to order.  fresh and delicious.  i can not wait to try other things on their menu.  check it out.  very small if eating there. but it's nice
