3	You can take me outside of my hometown New York City, but you cannot take New York City out of me!  After a long day's of driving from New York City and spending two hours at Ausable Chasm, dinner in Montreal's Chinatown the sweet tooth kicked in.  I was hoping for French Chinese flair in their sweets which I didn't see anything unique except for a sweet donut which was gargantuan.  I felt somewhat motion sick since we were driving for hours.Ultimately, I opt for Dan Tat which is CAN $1.00 which after watching Liu Kim Ching (Risky Liu)'s "Pastry"  film made wet my appetite for Dan Tats.  The Dan Tat is poorly prepared as the crust and flakes breaks so easily in my own hands.
3	There are so many pastry shops to choose from now on this street.  I was determined to try as many as I could within the short time I was visiting Montreal.  Callia stood out in my mind because they have a larger selection of crispy pastrys with meat fillings, as well as many of the bun varieties.  I had my eye on all of the curry filled pastries and tried one of each.  They were not as flavorful as I was hoping for and I recommend reheating in a toaster oven instead of the microwave.  The bacon and onion bun gave me a stomach ache for a couple of days, which made it difficult to sample further.  I was not able to try their bubble teas, but I did like the passion fruit bottled tea.
4	Hands down favourite Chinese Bakery on the block. Here are the reasons why:1. Almond Cookies. When I was a kid I hated them, Now I love 'em. They have great almond cookies2. I like the coconut bun, and the topping of the pineapple bun. As far as I know no other bakery nearby seems to make the ultimate bun, The pineapple bun filled with the coconut insides. 3. They have the old school Vitasoy drink box, and I love the Chrysanthemum Cold Tea.4. The Little Wife Cookie. The fact that they actually did the english translation of this product slays me.  There is also the Big Wife Cookie. I'm a sucker for misspelled product stuff, or literal translations. 5. Japanese Cheesecake. I love it. 6. The cashiers there are super nice.Only thing that is missing? The coconut gelatin square that I get from down the street east of St-Laurent, on the same street.
4	I love their pork buns! (the regular ones, not the sesame coated ones) I also had salted pork cookies here, which were delicious!
5	This place is fantastic. Their baked goods are all excellent - the BBQ pork buns (and BBQ pork pastry) are fantastic, the almond cookies are delicious, and I can't get enough of their wife cakes.The text on the pastries is a source of amusement for all who see it, but don't let that bother you - it just makes the food tastier.The staff is also super friendly, which is an added bonus.
4	There's nothing quite like a good Chinese bakery buns and Callia does them well! My faves: BBQ pork bun & coconut. A little afternoon snack good for any walkabout Chinatown & Old Mtl. And on cold or rainy days, there's a little seating area tucked away in the back of the store.
1	I don't even write Yelp reviews normally, but had to create one just to review this place.I went to Montreal to visit for two days, hoping to find some good bubble tea to try in Chinatown. Not only did this place have terrible service, their bubble tea tastes completely disgusting. Is it even edible? First sip and I had to spit it out. I ordered a lychee bubble tea. I asked if it came with boba. The lady asked boba? And I said, "Pearls." She nodded and I paid. After I paid, she turned around to her co-worker and started making fun of me for saying "boba". HELLOO! I understand Cantonese too. Don't be ignorant. After I received my drink, I took a sip and had to spit it out. I let my friends taste it. They hated it. I went to the lady and told her that it doesn't taste like lychee at all and she speaks to the other woman in Cantonese. The lady makes another one and it's the same thing. ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. I didn't even bother and walked out the door and left the drink by the door.My friend ordered a passion fruit one and she hated it.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. THE WORKERS ARE RUDE. THEIR DRINKS ARE NASTY. I haven't tasted their baked goods, but I would never step into this place ever again, so I'll never know.
4	I saw a review pop up on the feed about their drinks, which prompted me to mention their baked goods. I actually think most of their baked items are quite yummy! This is was the first bakery I visited in Chinatown, and when the place across the street was busy, this place usually had more breathing room. I feel like this place is more old-school bakery than catering to young people or tourists, but as a whitey, I've never had an issue there. PS: To Helen, if they did say something rude about you, you should have said something...posting here won't make them check this behavior because odds are they don't read Yelp. Sorry you didn't like the place :( Try across the street next time, at Harmonie.
3	An interesting selection of Chinese pastries with some that I have never seen in my time in the Boston counterpart. The pastries are unfortunately lukewarm at best and it's hard to figure out when they just came out of the oven. Overall, however, the food was pretty good and relatively inexpensive.Food: 3 starsAmbiance: 4 starsPrice: 3 stars
4	Came here again.  Egg tart is quite good and the price is reasonable.  Beef curry bun is served hot and it is delicious.
3	loved the japanese cheesecake. a great selection for great prices. i don't recommend the deep fried taro or any of the deep fried round rolls. They are really thick balls of oil.
3	Staying at a hotel near Montreal's Chinatown is dangerous when you need snacks and have bakeries like this nearby.Overall it's your typical Chinese bakery offerings (no different from what you'd find in New York City) BUT The pastries here are LARGE and CHEAPER. That is only if you're looking for pure quantity.There are about 2-3 other Chinese bakeries along the same block as this one. What sets this place apart is the fact that the prices are relatively lower, but you pay for what you get.As another reviewer had said, PASS on the bubble tea here. I concur.
4	This is on of a few bakeries on this little road. They have a good variety, with some different items than the other shops however nothing really stood out to me as particularly better. They had a good selection of meat-filled buns that did seem to have more options than neighboring shops. The BBQ Pork Bun was a delicious quick lunch and the doughnuts were good. I appreciated that she offered to remove the skewer from the doughnuts before we left the shop. Only downside is that it is cash only. I would definitely go here again. The prices are extremely reasonable, much lower than NYC, and portions seem much larger.
3	Pretty good bakery located in Montreal's Chinatown.  We received good service here too.  Not the best on this street though.  Of the three bakeries, Patisserie Callia was second best.  The egg tarts and the custard bun were above average.  Other goodies were mediocre.Are they worth returning to?  Yes, they are.  I would return for their yummy egg tarts and lower prices than the competition.
