3	It's three stars because I don't know how to rate it -- I didn't think it was very good at all when I went the other night during their grand opening, but maybe I just don't have a taste for it.  Service was prompt and polite.  The food?  Eh.  I had one of the house specials.  I didn't think it was very special.  I do think the waiter deserves bonus points for talking me into a half order rather than a full order.  The lemon-lime beverage was strong and sweet.
1	I couldn't wait for this Filipino national chain to open up back in 2007.  I was there on opening week, at three-month mark, and then another three months later.  All visits were met with horrible service and mediocre food, most of which tasted canned.  If you feel like you must visit and eat here, then try the lechon.  It's the dish the chain is famous for back home.  It's the one item offered I cannot complain about.Customer service is horrible; you may start with one server and end up with another.  You'll be lucky if either knows what the dishes they're serving are (none I stopped to ask could visually identify what the food they were bringing to the table were called), much less what ingredients they're comprised of, and these are servers that have been there for months (maybe even a few years, since I haven't been in for a very long time).  The first week was understandable, but the same lousy service extended to you after three months?  After six months??  On my last visit, I specifically stated I was in the mood for fresh seafood and asked the server, who was the brother-in-law of the manager, for some suggestions.  Upon hearing that I liked mussels, he suggested I try the mussel dish.  When I complained of the taste of the dish, the manager disclosed to me that the mussels were from a can.  What the !@#?  He then tried to appease me by saying that dessert would be on the house.  I was kept waiting for another 15 minutes or so while they tracked down my server, since he apparently left the property.  Knowing what I know now, I could wager a bet on where he went, but then I would be disclosing where I work, and I'd rather not.  He was finally called back in, and I tried the ube halaya dessert, which I now wished I did not waste 30 minutes of my life waiting for.  To top it off, the bill arrived with the charges including the disgraceful entree AND dessert.  Tsk, tsk.  The shame was all on me for coming back the third time...Do yourselves a huge favor and do not eat here.  These proprietors used to do business in California.  Do some legwork and see why they left that state and set up shop here.  What a disgrace to the Barrio Fiesta reputation built back home. (Actually, Barrio Fiesta has franchised so widely in the Philippines that it no longer has the great reputation it once did 20 or so years ago.  I think that Kamayan is a more-honored chain; I had the opportunity to dine at a Makati location in '99 and the food was FANTASTIC!)
1	the food was alright, but the if you want to be annoyed the whole time while eating by the loud TV, and loud music playing on the other room from some kids trying to learn how to dance than go here.  every time i went it just gets worst and worst, one night the girls that were rehearsing on the other room played the same song over and over and over again, i think the whole time me and my family were there thats all they kept playing.  we asked the waiter to do something about it but he says he can't cause they're rehearsing.  so me having a smart mouth said, well than i guess u just lost some customers than.  only if they had a sound proof door separating the dance floor and the dinning room than it would be a good place.
2	Would you guys PLEASE stop putting Pinoy places in my path that I can't resist stopping at!  I was on my way down Alma School Rd. on my way to Chandler from my daughter's in Mesa when I spotted this place.  I went to the bakery "next door" (open between the two, not two different store fronts) and got a cheese pimento turnover, a chicken turnover/pie, and a Tuna Turnover_ to go, then came back over to the restaurant  side and sat down to order something to eat there.  I did feel like I was being treated as an oddity or an inconvenience rather than an appreciated customer.  Unfortunately they didn't seem to be set up for a singe person eating alone, so I had to order a huge bowl of Sinigang, enough to feed a family of 4 or 5 and then get a container to bring what I couldn't eat home.  The service was a little aloof-maybe they thought I wandered into the place by mistake instead of heading in here on purpose because I like Pinoy food so much.  I would hope if I lived around here and became a regular they would get to know me and be more friendly.  Racial profiling can work both ways of course.  The Sinigang was good, both hot, there on the premises, and cold the next day at home.  I wish I knew a group of people to come in here with!(4/14/09)
3	Oh man was I excited when I heard there was a Barrio Fiesta in Arizona. The one back home is BOMB and all I kept thinking on my way to this place was "lechon manok, lechon manok, lechon manok". But WTF, the waiter didn't even know what lechon manok was!! He was probably thinking "this white girl is crazy, a lechon can't be a manok!"Anyhoo, I settled for fried chicken and lechon kawali. Yeah it was good, but not having the lechon manok killed it for me. Also, Barrio Fiesta's are usually good substitutes for mom's cooking.. but this place made me miss mom even more. If i can't find a better Filipino place, I'll probably be back.
3	I had dinner here last weekend with friends and shared a couple of dishes. We started the meal with delicious, crispy calamares then went on to nilagang baka (boiled beef and veggies), sisig (a spicy pork dish), relyenong talong (roasted eggplant covered with ground pork and scrambled egg), and fried chicken. The portions were generous, the dishes were good, and with rice it turned out to be too much food for the three of us, meaning we had some pretty good food to take home. It was Saturday night, so there was also Latin Dance instruction being given on the dance floor at the end of the restaurant, with several people enthusiastically trying out the steps being taught. I came back today to try the lunch buffet with fellow yelpers Rand H. and Mike  C. The restaurant decided to venture into offering a lunch buffet option only recently, so I guess they are still feeling their way around in this field. The selection of viands was limited (especially if you're used to going to Chinese buffets). I liked the dinuguan (pork stewed in pork blood; this could be a bit daunting for the uninitiated), the lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly), the tapa (thinly sliced beef fried in garlic), the ampalaya (bittermelon with beef) and the kinilaw (the Filipino version of ceviche). Some of the dishes could have used some tweaking: the lumpia (spring rolls) could have been a bit more crisp, and the pancit noodles had an overcooked texture.  Come for the regular menu for lunch and dinner. The buffet also offers authentic Filipino dishes and will hopefully incorporate the needed tweaks in some dishes as they get more accustomed to offering this option. Four stars for the regular menu, three stars for the lunch buffet at this point.
3	The food was A-OK.
3	Well 3 stars is "me" being nice. I love filipino food and eat it a lot.  A woman recommended this place to me so I decided to try it. I spent about almost $15 on Chicken Adobo and two odd lumpias. I took it to go and did not know that the meal does not come with white rice. The guy did not ask me if I wanted any either but I never met anyone that didn't eat there adobo without rice. So yeah... I had to make it when I got home. I wanted the thin rolls of lumpia and ended up with two wide rolls. It just did not taste that great to me and very bland.  I just can't say I could crave that food there. The person just took my order wasn't mean but wasn't nice either.  Customer service needs some work. Ugh! So the 3 stars is being nice but I know I can get better filipino food or make it myself.
5	Try adobo rice! Everything was good! Since none of Indonesian restaurant in Arizona, the foods in this restaurant was similar with Indonesian foods with different name such as La Ing for Cassava leaf coconut sauce or "Sayur Singkong," Sinigang fish soup was awsome although I prefer with pampano fish (they didn't use this fish)...I always come again! Highly recommended!
2	I'm Filipino and I am picky about my food and I found that this place was just all right. I've had better food at different places. It was a bit over priced for the food portions they have.
2	I can't say I eat a lot of Filipino food, but my Filipino buddy says it's pretty authentic.  So I'm gonna have to take his word for it.  However, truthfully, I rather eat when he cooks for me :)  Some of the dishes I'm gonna have to pass, but there was a curry like beefy dishes I can appreciate.  It was like moms.  Nothing was overly seasoned, but I feel like it was under-seasoned.  Red Horse beer -- wow -- I drink whiskey these days and this beer got to me (I suck!).  Service, well I think if you speak Tagalog you'll be fine - you'll definitely get better service!  The place itself is pretty blah -- plain and simple.  I'm gathering on a Saturday night the place becomes a Salsa joint.  Nice touch for the business, but they close too early - Enjoy!
3	My wife is Filipino and I have been over there a number of times, mostly in Cebu City, but also Manila and a few other places. Barrio Fiesta is a known name there, at least in Manila, but I have to say this place is different than what one would experience in the Philippines. Of course, it is not possible to get all of the ingredients here, so I guess we should cut them some slack. But other Filipino places do a better job, so that is not the entire reason. I've been here at least half a dozen times, and each visit is a different experience. One time we will be pleasantly surprised and hasten back, only to find the quality has gone down hill. I have to assume that the quality depends a lot on which chef is working that particular day. The service is generally good, however, and I like it a lot better now that they serve San Miguel Beer. Prices are okay, maybe a little high--though we tend to order a lot when we visit. I would say this place is worth a visit, but don't neglect some of the other Filipino restaurants in town.
4	Barrio Fiesta has pretty decent Filipino food for the Phoenix area. I tried the adobo and the crispy pata. Crispy pata is beyond delicious! If I am ever in the area again, I will go for that dish alone. The rest of the dishes are pretty authentic though. The ambience is a bit sub-par. It may need help in that department. They also turn it into dancing and karaoke after dark on weekends which is cool. This place is definitely a place to try if you're looking for filipino food and your in the area.
4	Ashlee, Kerry & I came around 10pm and still they serve dinner. Dinuguan, Mechado, Kenchai Beef, Calamari, Kare Kare....it was too much but it was good. It was ballroom Friday night so it was a little bit LOUD.
3	This place is very good for a filipino dinning experience.  It's a bit pricey but the service is good and the people are nice.  I would recommend it as they have many options on their menu.
