3	This is Lowe's.  You know what you get here.  This Lowe's is fine.  Their garden center (where we were) has mulch and plants and all the stuff you would expect.  The employees are friendly, but hit or miss in terms of knowledge.  This is really true of Home Depot too, but it seems Home Depot's people are usually more knowledgeable.  But if you know what you want, it doesn't matter.  In my opinion Lowe's also has a lot more floor space dedicated to decor.  That's why it's often called the "lady's hardware store", and I think that's right.  Which is not "bad", it's just "different".  I tend to prefer Home Depot for my irrigation supplies (we do a lot of gardening) and most tools, but I have bought a few tools at Lowe's (a crescent wrench is a crescent wrench, and both offer lifetime warranties).For soils and plants, and decor items and some tools, Lowe's is fine and this Lowe's is a nice one.
2	I live in Power Ranch, so its a toss up as to whether its more convenient to go here or the Home Depot on Power Rd.  I've tried both multiple times, and I find a HUGE difference.  At this Lowe's, its very hard in every department to get someone to help.  The layout seems to have been designed to hide what I'm looking for. I'm glad they are here as an alternative for that occasion where that "other" store doesn't have what I need, but from now on it is always option B for me.
4	Just recently moved to a new house so I've been here lots of times to buy some "home improvements" products. Most Lowes are similar in size and stocked with the same items so nothing to share in regards to that.Let's talk service... Skip was charming and very helpful! First visit, he assisted us on making an appointment to get our windows measured for some blinds. He informed us on an upcoming promotion on a specific brand we were gearing towards. He also offered an additional 10% military discount on top of that. He just looked at my BF and asked if he was in the service (must be the haircut). But I like that he took the initiative to ask because we wouldn't have even thought of that.Second visit, I went down by myself to pick out blinds. He also educated me the different types from color to materials, etc. He also suggested shades which I knew nothing about to. I'm a very indecisive person and was also trying to stay within budget. He was very patient and took the time to price out different options for me so that I would walk out of there satisfied. I think I spent about an hour there when he said it normally took people 20 minutes. LOL.Besides Skip, the other employees have been helpful, too. Everytime I've walked by one, they've asked if I needed help to find what I was looking for.
2	Went there today for the first time . Won't go back. Cashiers in the garden center were all 100 years old.and were more interested in talking about  how they love being from Iowa. Than getting there asses in gear and operating the cash register. Slow as hell.  i love the old folks as much as the next person but  get moving. Home Depot is so much better.
4	Gotta love Lowe's and especially this location.  Not only is this location conveniently right down the street, but even the customer service is phenomenal.
3	Lowes.....HD..... cheaper than Ace so if it's in the neighborhood I am working in then I'm hitting the closest spot. They give military discounts so thats a plus!
5	We love coming here and most of the people are friendly to us.  It's the closest hardware store to us and we know a few people that have repeatedly given us great service, so we keep coming back, even if the prices aren't the best sometimes.Sometimes customer service is what makes the difference, not just right prices.  If you have great customer service, your customers are willing to come back over and over and to put up with a few idiosyncrasies.
5	Alex Landeros extremely helpful today as I made my 3rd visit here today. Always friendly and helpful staff.
5	Stopped in this morning for a few items....  Within an aisle of coming in, saw a Gal so asked her where I could find a particular safety latching hook.... She gave me the exact aisle #!!  Then I needed a white wire shelf, found two guys at the end of the aisle....again, gave me the exact aisle # and even told me where...since the numbering flips around!  Once I got to shelf aisle....I noticed they were all about 6ft long.... I needed just 64 inches...  So I started chatting with a worker down the aisle about the shelf hooks and braces... Mentioned I would just buy the 6ft...take it home and cut it to size....  She informed me.....Lowe's can cut it to size for you!!!  I found the gal in the department, who SURE enough, measured it out and cut it to length!!!  FANTASTIC customer service!!  One happy customer right here!!
5	Everyone is nice and helpful here. Anthony went out of his way to stop what he was doing to answer my roofing questions.
1	Go to Home Depot no one knows what they have in the store! 30 minutes waste of time in my life!
5	Alyssa in the blinds department is awesome.  She is extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  She helped me pick out the appropriate blinds and cut 7 of them to fit. I know she just did her job....but, these days it's becoming more and more difficult to find good customer service in these young adults.  Walk up to Alyssa and she'll greet you with a smile.
