4	However devoid of creativity... and wall decor it may be - the food (based on the one meal of Mongolian Beef I've had here so far) was actually pretty darn great.  The service was quick/attentive, and the prices were also good.Kind of the perfect generic Americanized corner Chinese lunch/takeout place so far.   Will post an update after I've had another meal or two there.
5	My wife just tried the Orange Chicken and I tried the Szechuan Chicken from the Chef's specialty menu. The service was excellent (despite the Grand Opening party) and the food was divine! Additionally, the egg roll we had and Lo Mein was the best I have had in years. I do not know how they make their egg rolls and Lo Mein, but they seemed better than the norm. The menu seemed more varied with more Chinese dishes than other Chinese restaurants in the area as well. Like others have said, the decor is plain, but hey they are just getting started. I am looking forward to eating here again at my new favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant!Chef's Specialty Menu examples (NOT all are listed here):Lake Tung Ting Shrimp, Scallops with XO Sauce, Salt & Pepper Squid, Perfect Match, Sizzling Squid w Black Bean Sauce, "Green Tea" Spicy Chicken, Hong Kong Style Pan Fried Noodle,  "Green Tea" Curry,  "Green Tea" Spicy Chicken Wings, Dragon & Phoenix, Green Jade Scallops, Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce, and Shredded Pork w. Peking Sauce
5	Great food, cute little place, clean, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and close to my house!  I am very happy this place finally opened and has great food! This is my new go to for Chinese food.  Try this place......they have really good egg rolls.
5	I am from out of town, and was getting my tires changed across the street at Firestone. They recommended this place, and I'm glad they did! Both the food and service is outstanding! I came in with my 2 year old, and 5 month old and instead of the usual sigh and eye roll I get from servers, we all were treated with the utmost respect and kindness. This is a family run establishment who takes pride in both their service and food. Not to mention the cleanliness which is always a factor for me.
5	Absolutely delicious!! Fast, friendly service. I had the vegetable spring rolls to start (they were crunchy and amazing) and the orange chicken lunch with wonton soup and would get it again but can't wait to try something different. Will go back again soon because I can't help it! The decor was perfectly fine (it's a Chinese restaurant in a strip mall for goodness sakes) clean, bright, and inviting. Fair prices too.
5	Small unassuming sparsely decorated little place in a Safeway strip mall.  What it lacks in curb appeal it fully makes up for in price flavor and quantity.  I had the tofu chow fun, vegetable spring roll and my daughter had orange tofu.  All of the food was extremely fresh and beautifully prepared.  As someone who eats a lot of tofu this was very satisfying. The staff was very pleasant and service for takeout was fast without cutting corners.  So glad to find this local gem.
5	We love Chinese food and are always looking for new places to try.  I read the reviews and decided to give it a try.  We had the Sweet and Sour delight, Triple Delight, Chicken lettuce wraps, Shrimp fried rice, Lo Mein and Egg Rolls. The egg rolls were nothing special, but everything else was delicious. We did take out so I can't comment on service. Also they don't have Egg Foo Young on the menu, but I asked and they will make it for dine in customers. Definitely going back to dine in.
3	Very quiet at lunch today.  There were 4 of us dining.  Atmosphere clean, pleasant and comfortable.  Staff very accommodating, friendly, attentive. The food was just average.I had eggplant and minced pork in garlic sauce.  It is a spicy dish that I requested to be extra spicy, it wasn't! There was barely any pork in it, maybe an ounc.e or two of ground pork.  We also had General Tso's Chicken, also barely spicy but plenty of white meat chicken, not a lot of flavor.  My sister had shrimp in lobster sauce, could had been a bit thicker, shrimp cooked well.  The meal was so average I will not return.
4	As I'm writing this review I'm eating my to go chicken lo mein. I do have to say that this place can make some good noodles. They're not greasy like most other chinese food places. This is my first time eating from this place and the reviews thus far are accurate. Keep it up green tea bistro! I'll be back for sure.
5	We've been curious about this place since it opened and decided to give them a try. The service was great as well as the food. We had hot and sour soup, string beans with chicken, and a shrimp and beef combination. Everything came our hot with very good flavor. We will definitely be back again. They also have lunch specials that I'll try soon.
5	Best Chinese food I've had for awhile. Service is nice! I'm gonna become a regular of this place.
5	Lunch today with the husband.  Tried this place for the first time.  Service was fast and friendly. Tried the kung pao lunch special for 5.99. Comes with choice of soup. We also had the Mongolian beef, both were very good.  I thought the portions were very big for a lunch menu. We tried both iced and hot green teas. They were good...looking gorward to trying more tea flavors. Will be back here for sure!
4	If you are looking for healthy delicious Chinese food .. This is The Place!! YUMGive it try, you won't regret it.
5	Best I have had in a long while. Service was great. Sad that tea is not loose leaf but Mongolian beef was yummy!
