2	Although not nearly as bad as the Debenhams in Edinburgh's city centre, House of Fraser is a strong contender for second prize in the terrible department store stakes. The ground floor houses the 'premium' cosmetics counter, but browsing is not a luxurious experience that makes you want to buy into the glamour of the brands - the place is badly lit and the assistants either don't seem to be interested in serving you or are so desperate to sell you things that you'd be forgiven for thinking they'd been starved of human contact for days on end. The basement which houses the young fashion section (Oasis, Ted Baker, Warehouse etc) doesn't fare much better, again it's badly lit, the assistants seem disinterested and it always seems to be a bit of a mess. The shopping in Edinburgh has improved vastly in recent years, so I don't see why anyone would ever have any cause to enter this nightmare of a shop.
3	I really do believe that with a bit of snazzing up and redoing, House of Fraser would be a pretty cool department store. It's not that there's anything much wrong with it, it has many floors of items and fulfills most retail needs, it's just looking a bit tired around the edges. House of Fraser is in a really handy shopping position right at the west end, so I do often pop in here and head straight downstairs to the women's fashion section, where there is a small, but brand populated area of clothing. The best bit about this store is that they stock Therapy, a funky little brand, which is both on trend and very reasonably priced. So for impulse buying purposes, this floor is very useful. Other brands in the same section include Warehouse, Oasis, Kookai, and the reliably decent Mango. One floor up you've got perfume and cosmetics, stationery, a small amount of jewellery, handbags, and a newly opened Caffe Nero. The perfume and cosmetics are pretty organised, but the rest is a bit of a random hodge-podge. Otherwise, there is a menswear section, two more floors of ladies brands, which are either designer or just a bit pricier, and then on levels further up, there are items for the home. There used to be quite a standard cafe, which was just fine, but I actually think that's recently ceased to exist, maybe because of the new Caffe Nero downstairs. I really think with some careful and trendsome updating, House of Fraser has the potential to be a brilliant department store, considering where it is and the space it has. For now, I shall continue to get my Therapy fix here, and perhaps have a small coffee and a browse, but that will be all.
3	After trekking the length of Princes Street I eventually came up to the famous House of Fraser. This particular store seems a bit tired and in dire need of a makeover. The assistants in the linen department must have vanished as soon as I turned up and when I eventually found someone she was helpful yet unhelpful at the same time. Have you ever had that sort of experience? She showed me where the stuff I wanted was but didn't really help when I asked her about alternatives etc. The kitchen stuff is a bit in a random order although this might have been because there was a sale on. Whatever the case expect to find mostly the big brands here rather than individual pieces of clothing and despite the overheated room take your time to browse.
2	I had great troubles getting in this shop one day, it has some sort of automatic doors which didn't open when I walked up and wouldn't open when I pushed/pulled them. So I went to another door and the security guards pointed and laughed.Then you get in the blimmin shop and you are likely to get lost because it is a complete maze. Full of random staircases and rooms leading to other rooms. And there never seems to be any staff anywhere! Much prefer Debenhams, even though I really dislike Debenhams.
5	Am I missing something? I LOVE House of Fraser!!They have everything you could ever like in here. If it's raining, come straight here and you won't have to leave until 5pm. They have all the big names and all the small ones - they have Topshop, Warehouse, Oasis and lots more! They have a great little cafe here too, it's got a really traditional feel to it and you sit and watch people come up and down the sweeping staircase.The main thing I like about this particular House of Fraser is the size of it. It's really big, but all the areas are quite small. So although you're in a huge department store, you feel like you're in a collection of small wee shops. It's nice!Their handbag department has lovely staff - particularly Hazel and Lizzie (if they still work there). They helped me choose my mum's 50th handbag., and were absolutely brilliant!!
4	Small and low profile, this branch of House of Fraser couldn't by any stretch of the imagination be called a flagship, but with Edinburgh City Centre being fairly generously strewn with large and luxuriant department stores, I doubt that'll pose much of a problem to anyone.Confusing, difficult to get around, and addictive, it's all a good department store should be, even if it lives somewhat in the shadow of Jenners, which is just a rebranded Frasers' store anyway.I still feel a bit irritated walking through the aftershave bit and getting sprayed from all directions by fake-tanned, sale hungry young metrosexuals, but nowhere's perfect.
4	Someone, somewhere in the planning section of House of Fraser is a very nice person. Don't have the energy to trudge all the way to the other end of Princes Street to go to Jenners when you need a department store? No problem, they put their other branch at this end so that our shopping-weary feet don't have to suffer too much.I love this place for the young fashion department. Yes, it's a bit like a rabbit warren with all of the small rooms linked by passges, but that's Edinburgh's architecture for you. Fraser's is, to my knowledge, the only place in Edinburgh city centre that has a Mango in it so there's a good chance you'll find something here that you won't get elsewhere
4	Standing on the same street as Edinburgh's staple department store Jenners, this House of Fraser is a bit of a wallflower in comparison. It doesn't boast the ornate fronting of Fraser's in Glasgow, or the glorious facade of Jenners through here.But you don't go to a shop to look at the front of it for hours - you are presumably there to spend money.Inside, Fraser's is very easy to get lost in. When you emerge from the fragrance and beauty section blasted in perfume (not quite, but you can ask for a sample), you can wander up to the designer clothing sections.It's lovely and the staff are great. It's a bit too pricey for me at the moment since I am rooted in my poor pauper postgrad student status, but one day I aspire to be able to buy some pretty frocks from here. And to be overly indulgent on perfume, and not feel shy to get one of those make-up makeovers that they offer in store because I will be able to afford the products by then. Their products are of great quality, hence the price, but for folks like me, we'll just have to make do with the immense 70% reductions in the mid-season sales.
