4	Very tasty food! The lady's offer prompt and sweet service. I would highly recommend this place!!
1	I grew up about an hour away from the U.S/Mexico border, so I got used to eating really good, authentic Mexican food. Ever since I moved to Las Vegas, I have been on a mission to find restaurants that can compare to the places I used to love in Arizona.We decided to try Restaurant 2 DOS Potrillos without really looking into it, just because we had seen it on a previous visit to the area. The restaurant is cute, simple but clean. The prices were good, service was fine, as it should be since we were the only customers. I will never return though. Hearing the microwave ding multiple times before your food comes out is a major turn off. If I wanted my dinner nuked I would have went to the frozen section of my local grocery store.
4	soooo....my love of my life, (MLML & AKA the Hubby) decided to go to 2 Dos Potrillos after passing by the District where we were planning to go.  This is not our first time visiting 2 Dos Potrillos...probably our 4th or 5th time...maybe even 6th time within the last year that we have been here.One reason is the MLML loves the mole sauce they make and he always orders the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce.  Of course he orders the same meal and adds pico de gallo with jalapenos.  I love pico de gallo but never had it with jalapenos.  Well he adds the pico de gallo  to the wonderful salsa that they automatically bring to the table with chips and it was so hot, I had to wave the owner/waiter down to get me some milk!  My tongue was sizzling!  MLML loved the spicyness!The tortilla chips are also very crispy.I ordered the pork carnitas which was like a pulled smoked pork with the seasonings that were very distinct and tasty.  It also came with rice, beans, sour cream and guacamole. Also after reading one of the reviews for this restaurant, we did not hear any microwave beeps going off.  Actually we were the only ones there for awhile and the owner was just great! We will be back...!
2	Not awful, but I'd expect better in the area.  The food was too salty, and she puts ice cream in the licuados because the Americans who come in don't like their "shakes" made the authentic way.  The guacamole was clearly pureed, not mashed.Seriously, though, if you're jonesing for horchata or authentic Mexican lemonade, this is the place.  Their horchata is the best I've ever had (made with brown rice, too), and the lemonade is everything it should be.
1	Absolutely the worst mexican food we have ever had. Meat was pre-cooked and reheated in the microwave. Owner lied when asked about the microwave. Do not ever eat at this restaurant.
4	This is a cute little restaurant.  My fiance and I used to live in Texas, so we're pretty hip to authentic Mexican food.  This may not be quite what some are expecting or hoping for in that regard, but their food is pretty delicious.  The service is always good and the restaurant is clean.  Good enough for me!
5	Moved to Henderson 10/12 (6 mo) and have been hunting for "the" Mexican place! Found it! Most excellent and authentic.
2	Let me start off by saying that I wanted to love this place. I walked by this restaurant when I was downtown for a Henderson street festival and car show a few months ago. First off, there is a serious lack of air conditioning with two small ceiling fans to cool down the restaurant. Immediately, I was put off knowing I was about to sweat through dinner. The extra firm chips showed up with a tasty red salsa that gave me hope that dinner may be in fact -OK. On the other hand, the guacamole/green chile mush was not as delicious.I ordered the chile verde that came with a small scoop of rice, watered down beans, and store bought tortillas.The pork was not as tender as I had hoped, and there appeared to be a mysterious red liquid under my beans. Red wine? Blood from raw meat? Kool -Aid? I really don't know-but it ruined my appetite. I did not mention it to either the lady who took our order, or the cook who prepared my dinner. Instead, I am trying hard to ignore what I just witnessed and chalk it up as a bad experience.I am giving this place 2 stars for the red salsa, and polite people working there.Otherwise, it would be 1 star for the food alone.
2	Tried this place for lunch with the same friend that had me try El Torito. There was no comparison. Had a coupon for the $6.99 lunch special. The only thing veggie friendly were the cheese enchiladas, but I didn't want that. I wanted a wet burrito that only came in meat choices. I politely asked if I could have mine with beans, cheese and rice and they obliged. The lunch special comes with a side of beans and rice as well, and your choice of a side salad or soup. I chose the salad.When we got our orders, my friend got his wet chicken burrito with beans and rice and soup. I got my bean, cheese and rice burrito with just my side salad. What gives? I asked the waitress, and I think she was the owner, why I didn't get beans and rice and she said they used in my burrito, hence why mine was bigger than my friends. She said that next time, she would be more than happy to make my burrito smaller and include the beans and rice on the side. Well...there will not be a next time.The service was great and the employees were extremely friendly but the food was not good at all. Very flavorless and just bleh. The burritos I fancy at Fresh and Easy tasted better.The overall look and cleanliness of the place I'd give a C-. This was a one and done experience for me. There's better authentic Mexican restaurants out there for sure. I think others may feel the same as there was one huge party of women there when we walked in and by the time we left, it was just me, my friend and two other customers. Try if you like but I don't recommend.
1	Came upon this place while I was at the Farmers Market across the way. So after some shopping done, we came in here for lunch.  The place is pretty tiny but had room enough for a few booths and dining tables. It was busy but we were greeted and seated right away by a really nice guy when we stepped inside.   Our server on the other hand was something else.  I asked what I thought was an innocent question; "What type of Mole sauce did they serve with their dishes?"  Most servers I have asked usually would know and had no problem answering with either Mole Poblano, Mole Negro etc. But this person just copped a tude threw up her hands and said it's Mole sauce! (like duh Mole sauce you idiot)  I was going to rephrase my question then and ask what ingredients was in their mole sauce when the guy who seated us was about to pipe in and help the server out, but she held her arm out and just continued on and snapped at me and said Red sauce is Red sauce!   At that point, I looked at Mr B. and said Im outta here. I thanked her got up and we left. The guy who seated us gave us an apologetic look, I felt bad, but there was no way I was going to have lunch there after that.  Hey well at least I know that their mole sauce is red.
3	Before I start writing this I have to say I do not know that much about mexican food.  I know about mexican american food.  So first off, it was the middle of the afternoon when I came into this place and the waitress seated us right away and water along with drinks orders were placed immediately.  I appreciate that anywhere because sometimes you just need a glass of water.  The selection seem simple enough when looking at the menu.  I ordered cheese enchiladas and the old man ordered soft tacos which came with beans and rice.  There was a soup that came that seemed tomato based with strips of pasta in it.  It was actually flavorful.  Chips, salsa, and guacamole also came right away.  It wasn't the best but it certainly was flavorful and the bill was decent enough.  For a little hole in the wall mexican place I was impressed.  Would definitely come here again for another quiet lunch date.
1	When we walked into the restaurant and saw Grandma sitting out in the kitchen, we were excited, thinking that her recipes and good old-fashioned Mexican cooking were awaiting us.  Little did we know.  We started off by ordering a couple of margaritas.  Not good; watery and what flavor there was barely resembled anything like a margarita.  Next, seeing chicken mole on the menu, I asked the waitress if they made their own mole; she assured me they did and that it was very good.  When it arrived, the plate contained shredded chicken bits in a watery brownish-reddish sauce accompanied by shriveled-up, mealy rice.  Now, if they consider this to be mole, it is unlike any mole I have ever had before in my life, and I consider myself a mole afficianado.  It had a vague watered-down flavor of some kind of red enchilada sauce and, truly, it was not good.  But that was nothing compared to the disaster that my daughter encountered on her plate.  She ordered the chicken fajitas.  The chicken platter arrived with raw onions and raw green peppers and thought that was a bit unusual.  However, she assembled her tortilla with these items and took a bite.  Strange flavor.  She thought maybe she'd try another bite and then realized how offensive it really was.  She smelled it, then gave me a piece to smell.  It had the putrid stench of unidentifiable chemicals.  I called the waitress over and told her we had a problem and tried to give her a piece of the chicken to smell for herself.  She refused to smell it and said they prepared the chicken every morning but that if I said it wasn't good, she would bring us something else.  I urged her again to smell the meat but she again refused.  I told her we did not want to get sick and would not be ordering anything else.  This place needs a thorough inspection from the health department.  Human beings should not risk endangering their health by eating at this establishment.
5	This is as hole in the wall as it gets- an it's awesome.  My husband and I found this place because we were hungry for breakfast burritos one morning and stumbled upon it.  Then, we loved the food so much we have gone back consistently and taken many people.  This place is clean and the food is great.  It's definitely worth checking out!
1	When I see a hole in the wall in old Henderson, usually its a safe bet. Not this time. Bad service, bad food. Just all around bad. This place must be selling crack out the back door to keep it open. There was one server, and one cook. Expensive ass prices when they advertised a lunch special for the exact thing I ordered. The only thing worth mentioning was the chips and salsa. And it was just OK. I had the cheese enchiladas  (what I usually order) as a first timer at a mexican restaurant. OMG disgusting. My boyfriend had a steak ranchero dish and the meat literally tasted old like a jerky or something. We stacked our plates, paid the bill and ran for the door. Should have just listened to my girl Shirley B!
3	I am writing purely on the ambience of the restaurant and the quality of the food itself. The ambience was very authentic and colorful. Plenty of hanging and wall decorations are throughout the restaurant although quite small. The food quality is average and the service is friendly. Not bad though. If I had a choice I would prefer to eat at either Fausto's or El Torito (Food quality is good but service is very slow). But nonetheless those 2 businesses are not nearby if your out on a lunch break.What I would also like to touch on are the prices. The prices are pretty high for what you get which is ok food quality. I would have given the prices itself 2 stars but everything else about the restaurant is ok.
2	Little mom n pop type of place...I had high hopes for Huevos Rancheros ... but we got there too late (noon) to try it.So, I opted for a taco / enchilada combo.... chicken was shredded but the overall flavor was lacking.  Really nothing special about it.  Came with rice and beans... pretty standard and again... flavors were flat.Salsa and chips were complimentary... but chips seemed a little stale.. salsa was good and had a nice flavor.  The guacamole was disappointing.... it was runny and seemed to be "canned".  Service was really good, and I like supporting small places.  But they have to back it up with good food....
1	Walked in here during the Super Run on Water Street and received a Special Super Run Menu. We paid $47 for 2 meals with 2 beers. Side of salsa = $5. Soda = $4. Don't know the remainder of the pricing because they don't present an itemized check. Paid with $60 and they did not offer change. When asked about the pricing, they flipped the closed sign and shut the door. This place is trying to collect all they can now and they don't care about their future. I will not return!
1	Worst customer service ever!!!! We had a shrimp cocktail and basically it tasted like water, salt and onion. It was disgusting! And when I told the lady working there she was very rude and said there was nothing she could do! I will never go here again. I have never had such awful customer service! Or food!!
1	I belive the reason for poor reviews is simple,  poor quality of ingredients. The only decent thing on my plate was the chicken taco. I didn't realize they were charging me $3.99 for the bland guacamole. My server was on her cell phone when she delivered my salsa. I can see why thethe want a soul in the place
2	Located in Downtown Henderson, ok so not the swankiest joint in the Valley. And would it have killed the woman behind the counter to stop yapping on the phone for 10 seconds to answer my question? And maybe a little salsa with my quesadilla? everything here was ok, just ok, but they seam to be winning a one man race as there were no other restaurants in sight. Life's too short and the Vally too big for ok Mexican food. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
