4	This place was originally Hooper's.  The owners redid the place, upgraded the menu a little bit, and added a small Comedy Zone in a side room.  Hooper's was a little on the rough side, with even a stabbing before the renovations and renaming.  However, they did have good food for a bar.The place now looks a lot nicer, boasting a lot of nice hardwood decor in the bar/seating area.  Most of the wait staff are helpful and friendly, but there are one or two bartenders who have a bit of an attitude.  The food is similar to what was served at Hooper's albeit a little more streamlined.  Overall, it is still mostly fried apps, a lot of burgers and wraps, and an occasional $15 entree.  The food is a little above par for bar food.The Comedy Zone is in a small room inside the place with a very small stage.  It probably sits about 80-90 people crammed together.  They often send out free tickets if you sign up for their emails.  It's definitely a good time and makes a good night out - sometimes even cheaper than a movie.  They also offer dinner and a show packages.If you're on the south side of Charlotte, I'd say go check it out.  It's a cool little place with decent food, reasonably priced, and the comedians are usually funny (though they can often be R rated).
5	Madison's On The Corner is a great sports bar with plenty of TV's and very good food! Now add in The Comedy Zone and it is by far the best place to go in Fort Mill!check them out at www.thecomedyzonefortmill.com
4	I have to say I did under estimate Madison's before we tried it out and I was pleasantly surprised. We decided to check it out because I kept receiving emails for free comedy zone tickets. I grabbed the chance when they sent me an email to see Gemini for free. Basically it stated he was a magician, stand up comic and a ventrilaquist so we really wanted to see that. As far as the show it was great. I could of done with out the magic but the comedy and ventrilaquism was great! We actually sat in the front row and we were part of the show. The comic bought us a round of shots and gave us a free dvd. As for the bar itself, we arrived a few minutes early and got to spend time at the bar while waiting to be let into the comedy zone section. They had some really cheap beer, shot and drink specials. They also had a good selection of premium beers on draft. One of the playoff games was on and there were alot of tv's pretty much everywhere. We did not eat, but they had a decent looking menu. Most of the items were fried and it consisted of bar food mainly. I would seriously recommend signing up for comedy zone emails, getting free tickets and checking it out with some friends.
4	Who would have thought...a decent Comedy Club in Fort Mill, SC?Well, this place does not disappoint.  We've seen two shows here, and both, while not nationally known headliners (come on...we ARE in Fort Mill, SC here, people), they were hilarious!  Food is good; HINT - get them to make you an order of Fried Pickle Chips as an appetizer.  Beer selection is also good for a divey type of place like this.  I use divey as a term of endearment for a joint like this....if it were anything other than "divey", it would attract the yuppies, and that's the last thing you want.Great place for some cheap entertainment...we will be returning, and often!
4	For a bar connected to a comedy club, their food is really tasty!  Great drink specials and beer selection.  The comedy shows are usually good as well.  A great asset for Fort Mill nightlife
3	Madison's is like a home away from home. Friendly people, courteous bartenders (especially new manager Mark) and a good atmosphere altogether. Different specials every night, plus the Comedy Zone in the next room....good times!
4	Madison's is nice little bar, and they have juicy, good burgers.  The wait staff is usually attentive, and they have a nice selection of beers on tap--not just Bud and Miller.  The only improvement would be if they'd get a local beer.  OMB?  Green Man?  There are many to choose from.  Between the Comedy Club and trivia nights, they keep us entertained (it helps that my team won the trivia last week!).  This might just be the place we become regulars!
4	Madison's is a great little "dive" bar, wouldn't you know it, that is located on the corner!  Also home to the new Comedy Zone Fort Mill!Let's separate the reviews.MOTC:  Very laid back atmosphere, indeed.  Several televisions around for different viewing pleasures.  Large selection of beer available as well as a full bar.  As far as the menu is concerned, I believe I have only been disappointed once with a particular food item, and that was just a slight let down.  There is a wide variety of eats to choose from, making it very hard to make a decision.I would suggest the Fish Tacos!  These, by far, don't compare to any that I have had in the area including a well known restaurant that has the words "bone" and "fish" in it's title.The fried pickles are also a killer choice as either an appetizer or a side choice with your entree!  Hell, just get it as an app and add the homemade chips as the side.  Cuz I said so! ;) You'll thank  me later.Wednesday is Live Team Trivia Night, Thursday is Ladies' Night (hey now!) as well as Open Mic Night.They claim to be "The Home of The Steelers".  I don't watch football, so I can't  back up that claim with any facts.CZFM:  Friday and Saturday nights are set aside for Live Comedy (and the aforementioned Thursday Open Mic Night)!!  Such a great thing to have a national comedy club chain around the corner in little 'ol Fort Mill.  They bring in some very solid comedians every week!  It's worth the price of admission as you normally get three stand-up sets in one evening including the host, opener and headliner.Dinner packages are also available for the Friday and Saturday shows, just pick up the phone and give them a ring-a-ding-ding!Be forewarned it is a very small, intimate environment.  Seating around the 70+ range.  "Comedy in a closet" as I like to refer to it.  Hopefully one day they will be able to expand the Zone!Support live stand-up!!  Attend a show today!! (well, just Friday & Saturday at this venue...)
5	I travel often to Fort Mill for business and i have been looking for a place like this for a while. Great atmosphere, friendly folks,  amazing bar tender and great food. I felt i was in one of those Cheers episode. A lot of friendly regulars. Perfect to unwind with friends.
4	I found an offering on craigslist for free comedy tickets and figured, why not?  I'm new to the Charlotte area from NY and have been to several comedy clubs in NYC and was curious to see what the comedy scene would be like here.I was pleasantly surprised to have a great night at the comedy zone on a Friday night.  Drink prices were reasonable and the two comedians that were featured that night were HILARIOUS.  I wasn't expecting much considering it was pretty much a hole in the wall in a strip mall (far from what I was used to), but don't let that fool you!Bonus?  No two drink minimum like every other comedy club I've been to, so had a great night for free!
4	This place has the best bar food in the area in my opinion. Not the great for the heart healthy meals, but once in a while it is delicious.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 this time is because they overcharged us for our kids and when I questioned it they said their specials where only on one day a week for kids even though there is a big sign on the front of their building that states differently.  I paid, but came back in after I looked at the sign again.  They refunded the difference, not squabbling over a few dollars but it was awkward having to go back in again and talk to them about it.
4	First timers for Comedy Zone Ft Mill.Substantiate Kevin F. comments:Be forewarned it is a very small, intimate environment.  Seating around the 70+ range.  "Comedy in a closet" as I like to refer to it.  Hopefully one day they will be able to expand the Zone!Shoe box 20' wide x ~80' long.  Yes, intimate environment.Saw Patrick Garrity. Hilarious, entertaining, not vulgar.Our waitress very good.  Bar tenders fragmented.  I got Long Island Iced Tea.  Got tall pint.  Lady in our group ordered one too.  Her's was in rock glass.  GF ordered Pina Colada.  Nice.  BUT-Pina Colada delivered at table next to us was topped with whipped cream & cherry.  We asked waitress why?  She said probably different  bartenders.  She asked if she should bring whipped cream.  I told her "yes."  She delivered, topped glass with load of whipped cream & cup of cherries.  Excellent.  Then all the tables around us started laughin'.  Added to humorous nite.We had nachos platter.  VERY GOOD!!  Well presented "mexican" style.  Not anglo sloppy mess.  Neat.  Good salsa.  Jalapenos.  Cheese.  Sour cream.  Lettuce.  Attractive presentation and enjoyable to eat.Nice venue.We'll be back..  We can always use as good laugh with nice crowd.C&G
5	FABULOUS PLACE!!!   everything is awesome, shows are always great, food is great and the staff is GREAT! recommend this place to everyone you know!!
4	My daughter and I ate here for lunch after prom dress shopping.  Yeah, the place is a little dive-y, but the service and food more than make up for it.  It's just a nice, casual place to grab a bite and watch a game or enjoy the company you're with.  And the food is surprisingly yummy for a sports/comedy bar.  I loved the cali salad and my particular daughter loved the chicken wings.  I've never experience the comedy club aspect of this place, but if you want a good lunch at a decent price, I have no problems recommending Madison's on the Corner.
3	2.5 stars, simply because the drinks were strong enough to get past the vibe of the crowd this particular evening.A hole in the wall, but seemingly local favorite as exhibited by the local-ness of the patrons. Drinks are cheap (they have a happy hour where drafts are $2.50, along with a couple of other specials), I don't have qualms with that. It is incredibly loud, and the music choice on a Saturday night (with the exception of a few good tunes) was rather annoying "trap" music, as the young kids say. Can't say I got the best impression my first time here, but if people seem to like it as much as these other reviews imply, I might have to make a return- most likely not on a Saturday night.
2	Kind of a weird place to me, but the people who obviously frequent the place love it... I'm not quite sure of what to think.  If a packed dance floor in a sports bar is what your looking for on a Saturday night, I guess this is your place.Met my friend for a couple of drinks on a Saturday night. She wanted to show me Tega Kay's finest, and she definitely didn't fail to do so. It was "different".  A bar on the corner of a strip mall.  I really don't even know what to say.  Just not my crowd.  They had a couple decent beers on tap but this more of a domestic bottles kind of spot.I won't be back, but it may be your kind of spot.
5	Great service and pleasant crowd especially at happy hour!!! A good choice for some dinner and to catch a comedy act. Enjoy...
5	we used to live in western Virginia with the nearest comedy club being Improv in DC and overall enjoy the comics here just as much as we did in DC.  Plus the costs at Madison's is much cheaper and the food better!    The venue at Madisons is a little different sort of like comedy in a long trailer but then the DC Improv would stuff people in like sardines so for us no problem.  Anyway we love it especially from what we had in Virginia
4	Good grub, decent prices. Staff could use a little more hustle, but at the end of the day, it's a good watering hole and fun sports bar.
4	Good food, great service, good local crowd.
5	I was pleasantly surprised on how good the food was. Husband got a mushroom burger with hand cut fries and I got the philly with veggies. I'm glad we chose to eat here before the show.
4	Been here multiple times over the past several years. Just left after treating my aunt and uncle to lunch. Great bar food and surprisingly good seafood. Got all of us drunk and full for under $100. Can't beat that.
