4	I was here on Saturday with 4 other people and I have to say that this tiny Greek-African fusion restaurant was such a great find! Plus, it is bring your own wine!It is pretty small and almost empty when we got there at 6pm on Saturday, although it started getting busier when we were leaving. The service was excellent. I know there was nobody there, but the waitress waqs extremely friendly and went above and beyond our expectations by explaining the menu to us in english, even though she was french and struggling a bit. Those of us who do speak french helped her out with some words she didn't know, but overall, she was very capable.)The food was fairly priced and so amazingly flavourful. We started with 3 appetizers: Spanokopita, which was just okay and probably my least favourite of all the dishes; Nem Abidjanaise, which were rolls of chicken and cheese and they were so good; and lastly the fried plantains. Delicious! My boyfriend also tried the Pepe soup, which was a fish soup with spice that you add yourself to adjust the heat to your liking. It was great and the fish inside was moist and yummy (with the exception of some annoying bones.)For the dishes, 2 people had the Chicken Katoum, which the waitress let us know is their signature dish. The spices and aromas from that plate, as well as the other plates were amazing. I had the choukouya chicken, which again, was so good! I am not sure what the other dishes were, but I know that my brother ordered a lamb dish and the lamb was cooked so tenderly and tasted great. The dishes came with salad (standard but good balsamic dressing), greek potatoes (very lemony and good, which I love, not a huge hit with some others who prefer them a different way) and couscous or rice. The one complaint that my family had with the food was that the couscous and rice were both very bland. (I ordered extra plantains with mine instead of the rice, so I can't complain!)Overall, there were no disappointing dishes at this place. They all had such good flavour and were very filling. As well, the prices seem fair and the portions were generous. I would give this place 5 stars, but there was one flaw: I don't think they have air-conditioning, because I was sweating like crazy and dying of heat, as was the rest of my family. (I would have given 4.5 if possible!)What a great find. I highly recommend this restaurant!
3	Good restaurant. The decor is very nice and the staff are very friendly. The main dish food portions are huge and can be shared between two people (don't listen to the waiter saying otherwise). We had the full chicken braise with the couscous and the alloko (fried plantain) as a starter. The plantain was a bit oily but the tomato or pumpkin sauce that accompanied it was delicious. The chicken was a bit dry and the couscous was cold and sticky. It tasted pretty good tho. Beware of the hot sauce!We were here on a Friday night and the service was very very slow. There was a big group at the restaurant so the two person serving staff were completely overwhelmed. Took us two and half hours to get out of there!
