5	5: Food- Tuscan Kale Salad at an airport? I'm on board! I don't see this type of thing often... but when I do, I usually go for it. It was almost on the verge of being too sweet, but felt like a good choice rather than a cookie or a big bag of nuts... Tuscan kale, berries, pickled onions, shaved fennel, diced green onions and ummm.. a sweet vinaigrette hit the spot! 5: Customer Service- a few sweeties behind the counter prepping food and taking my money. What a treat. There were no kale salads in the cold case in the front, but they made one for me. Yea. There was bit of a line around dinner time, but it worked, because Southwest gave me time to eat in between flights. Yea. Would I return? Yep. They had a cashew butter and jam sandwich, the simple salad looked good too and hmmm... I know there were other options I would have shoved in my mouth in a heart beat, just give me some more time and I may update this review. K. Happy travels!
2	Absolutely horrible service on the sandwich side. Avoid if you're even a little worried about time. I sure hope the food is good.
2	Subpar even for airport grab and go. Go next door to Humble Pie and place an order to-go for a far better sandwich or salad. My husband got the roast beef sandwich, it was not fresh... At all, bland, soggy. Bleh!I got the Simple Salad... You would think 6 ingredients would be easy to execute, however the carrots were slimy and mushy... Basically on the way to rotten. Everything else in the salad was fine but I opted to use the balsamic dressing from Humble Pie as the creamy white dressing included didn't look like the "red wine vinaigrette" that was supposed to be in the salad kit. My son had the PB&J. Not much peanut butter but bread was decent. Sorry, NOCAwich, I think you can do better.
1	Didn't feel like having tacos and a previous bad experience with humble pie, I opted for this place.Service: The lady at the counter was pleasant and quick. Off to a good start plus roasted veg sandwich with pesto, goat cheese and romesco sauce in a wheat toast sounds soooo good! My food was taking a little long hmmm ok. Saw some toast sitting on the toaster and thought --- wow those looks awfully burnt. Got my food. Fries and the sandwich -- no bag? Ok I'll ask for it. Here you go with the guy grumbling I gotta go home. A little unprofessional don't you think? Fries are good but would've liked them more crispy. Opened up my sandwich only to find that burnt toast I was eyeing. I ended up deconstructing the sandwich bec the burn toast overpowered the taste. Got the goat cheese taste-- nothing special. The grilled veggies? No taste at all. Very bland! Yuck! Ended up throwing most of the sandwich away. Off to my connecting flight.
