5	Amazing people, services, and experience.  The people are very responsive via phone and email.  I had a ton of questions after the fact, and there was always someone there to answer them for me.  I loved the pictures.
4	We used them for photo and video. My only complaint would be that if you do not do an engagement session you do not meet your photographer until the day of your wedding. Other than that they were fantastic to work with and answered all of our questions quickly! We love our pictures and can't wait to see the video!  Our photographer was Dianne Welsh and our videographer was  Chris Galgon, we highly recommend them both!  Easy to work with and take suggestions and really get to know the bride and groom.
5	What an incredibly professional organization. They have great communication and actually LISTEN and execute your vision for your wedding. Our photographer, Man Nguyen, delivered. We trusted his artistic judgement and he captured the entire day from start to finish. I am able to look at my photos and the feelings of the day rush over me. He was organized and kept the day on track. He was cool under pressure and kept us from feeling anxious.  I didn't have to worry about a thing. He also surprised us with some evening shots that were a huge hit! We continue to receive compliments from the photography and the moments captured. A+, wouldn't change a thing looking back.
5	I would most certainly recommend George Street Photography! My husband and I are SO HAPPY with our gorgeous pictures from our big day. I adored my photographer, Paul. He was so friendly and helpful and had awesome, creative ideas for our portraits! He looked at my Pinterest and gathered concepts that I liked from there, as well as bringing his own ideas to the table, which I appreciated. Paul was so attentive to our needs, and seemed like a friend as he helped to calm me down and capture all of the important moments during the wedding and reception. He was totally flexible and happy to shoot anything that we requested. LOVED HIM-SO very talented!!! Paul truly made the day more enjoyable, and we could not be more excited with our photos. The whole George Street team was great, from planning to execution. All of my questions and last minute changes were handled graciously and very efficiently. We had photography (lead Paul and assistant Kayla!) and videography. Our videographer Bob was fantastic too, didn't miss a moment during the entire day. We are really looking forward to viewing our video. Love this company!!
5	From matching us with the perfect photographer for us, Paul Sinnett, to making the day run smoothly, this vendor was a great choice! Although the price tag is high, the entire experience is worth it. Thank you, George St.Photography for capturing our big day!
