5	We have had two visits to this dental office (Dr. Jacobson is our dentist).  I was immediately impressed by the office staff.  They are friendly and sociable, and even remembered specifics about my child on our second visit a month later.  I love that kind of attention to detail!  The waiting room is adorably decorated in a pirate theme.  There are touch-screen computers with sports video games that even the little kids can easily play, plus a number of other activities to keep the kids engaged.  I swear, I'm thinking about bringing my son here during the hot summer - just to play! ;)During our consult and cavity-filling session with Dr. Jacobson, I was incredibly impressed.  He was caring and genuine, and took the time to explain all of our options in great detail.  He knew we had switched dentists because of their aggressive treatment plan, and was very considerate of our comfort level with the procedure.  I am so happy that we switched dentists.  Places and people like this are a true find!
5	I am very pleased with Phoenix Pediatric Dental. I have been taking our 4yr old here for a couple years & I started taking our 1yr old as well. The office is very clean & completely caters to kids. The staff is great, very professional and amazing with our boys. Their scheduling department is wonderful & always calls you if they have a sooner appointment to see if you would like it. I'm very happy I found Phoenix Pediatric Dental and recommend them to anyone I know.
2	Initially this was pretty good until the dentists started changing.  They love pushing the non-insurance covered sedative and give it out like candy.  They have little or no patience with hard to manage kids.  I felt they scoulded my child in a very unprofessional way.   Good for little kids, maybe, and definately if your hispanic.  Much more worth finding an alternative.     Oh, and they love telling you your child has a gag reflex so they can possible put them to sleep for treatment, another very costly procedure that is not covered by insurance.   We have out grown in and will not use anymore.
1	We have been going to this office for the past 5 years with no issues.  During my children's last visit, we received a new dentist.  The dentist never introduced himself nor did he give any detailed explanation other than both of my children had cavities and that my 10yr old need to be put to sleep in order to have them filled.  When our visit had ended and the dentist started to walk away, I stopped him and stated I still had questions.  I wanted to know if my son need to see an orthodontist for his overbite, to which he said yes it was probably a good idea since many of his permanent teeth came in.  I felt that is something he should have mentioned to me instead of me inquiring.  Upon leaving I was asked to schedule an appointment and received estimates for both children to have their cavities filled.  The total for both children was close to $600 out of pocket.  I was so dissatisfied that I decided to have the services performed somewhere else.I scheduled services at another office for a check-up. That dentist showed me their x-rays and stated they had no cavities.  Upon exanimating my son's teeth, he stated that one of his molars formed a hole that need to be filled to prevent a future cavity.  The hole was not a cavity but the way the tooth had grew.  The new office was exceptional by comparison, very informative and caring.
5	My son's last dentist tried telling us that our 9 year old who has only lost 4 baby teeth needed braces, so naturally we looked elsewhere since that notion was absolutely absurd. So after some searching I decided to give this place a try and I am very happy I did. The staff is extremely friendly, the waiting room is beautiful and equipped with game centers for the kids while they wait. The Doctor was gentle and good at explaining everything and was shocked when I told him about the last dentist and the braces. He also thought it would be ridiculous. All together it was a good experience for my son and I. I would recommend this one to anyone needing a dentist they know isn't going to tell them they need things they don't just to make a buck.
2	Daughter was regular customer I received a threatening call concerning 57 dollars and that I would be turned over to collections. This is the first call I have received concerning the alleged money I owe. But I'm moving on to another dentist. I have no history of non payment. Surprised with there attitude.  I will review payments and pay if legit.
1	Took all 3 of my kids here for about 4 years and thought it was ok. Then last year I had two HORRIBLE visits there. To the point where 2 of my children were terrified to go back to any dentist! One appointment was set for my 6 year old son to get a filling. I sat in the room for this and the dentist gave him the shot to numb him, and then immediately started in on the filling. My son said it was hurting (obviously the  area was not numb yet or he wouldn't have felt a thing) the dentist didn't stop just told him to hang in there and even seemed like he was laughing at how upset my son was. Ughhh.  Wish he would have just taken the time to let the area get numb but he was probably in a hurry to move on to the next patient. "Time is money" is apparently the motto at this office. Then about a week later I had to bring my daughter in to get a cavity filled. That was all that was supposed to be done, This is all that I had been informed of, and the only thing I had signed paperwork for. Somehow the dentist decided that without my permission or even consulting me, he was going to put a crown over a completely different tooth! The tooth had been chipped and I took her to a cosmetic dentist to have it fixed. He literally ground off the other dentists work (which insurance didn't cover and I paid out of pocket for) and then stuck a crown over it!! I was mortified, as was my 9 year old daughter who was in so much pain! She wasn't expecting anything major like that, just one little filling was supposed to be done. They had no consent! RIDICULOUS. I am appalled at there lack of business ethic and disgusted at the way the arrogant dentist acted. He said the other dentists work was not done correctly. WELL, IF that was the case, you should have taken an X-ray, showed it to me and then asked for consent to "fix" what was supposedly not done correctly. Sorry for such a LONG review, they were just literally THAT BAD. I had to let everyone know who took the time to read this: PLEASE DO NOT TAKE YOUR CHILDREN HERE. Worst pediatric office in the valley!!
