1	Haven't been back in yearsssss due to uncleanliness that other waxing places offer. She also up her service prices that you should not being for in comparison to the treatment you receive at European Wax Center or Pretty Kitty. Please save yourself a trip and get a wax service done elsewhere !!! on a budget? WAX WITH LINA! that is all i can say! fast and clean. painful but the cheapest i've found, for only $35. she also wipes your bottom like yousa lil babyyy!
4	They did a nice job on my pedi. It is not a fancy place and do you expect for only $20. I was treated good and I can just walk right in. 30 minutes later I have pedicure and fresh polish. No it isnt full of massage or spa like pampering but let me say once more, it is $20 so what can I expect? I see reviews that shred these little nail salons. I expect proper sanitation, to be treated with respect and reasonably soft feet with some polish of my choosing. I got just that and nothing more for my tiny bit of cash I paid a nice older woman to do my feet. I will be back. It is basic grooming at a bargin price.
4	I was a walk in for a fill and pedicure.  The price is cheap and is average for these type of nail places. I was greeted when I came it and picked out my nail polish. I immediately went to the pedi chair and got a nice pedicure.  The polish looked good and my fill was done. She did a good job. It was fast, affordable and convenient.  It seemed clean and im happy with my results.  It isn't an extravagant luxurious salon but I would rather not pay for that frill.
1	Yikes. Nail FX is a nice looking salon but if you look in my pictures I posted the huge hole the nail tech left in my finger. They looked nice but it was by far one of the most painful sets I ever had! The tech i had was a man, who said he was part owner (WOW REALLY??).. Shame on them. He did not have any skills with the drill and filed my nails until I was bleeding.I got a bad infection in my thumb and ended up on antibiotics. WILL NEVER go there ever again!
2	Got a pedicure here today with a friend paid $25+tip, used to be $20. I didn't tip like I normally would have and feel a bit bad leaving such a small tip but here's why I did and why I won't be returning: - One of the other pedicurists was talking about me in another language, it was obvious, I understand this happens but be discrete.- No massage, my pedicurist was nice but she basically just put lotion on my feet and legs.- No cash discount plus the price increase. - My friend asked for the corners of her nails not to be cut, her pedicurist did it anyway (this is why they were talking about us) and caused her quite a bit of pain. - Broken massage chair. - I spent more time under the dryer than in the pedicure chair. The girl who worked on my toes was really friendly and the pedicures I've gotten in the past have lasted but Premier Nails on Horizon Ridge is closer, does a better job, and offers a cash pedicure for $23.
4	I go to this place every 3 weeks for a new pedicure and gel manicure and I am happy with the result every time. Lina and Ann know that I like my nails short, that I go mostly for reds and I always use the same color on fingernails and toenails. The comfort of not ever having to say what I want is just awesome. The gentleman did my nails once and I was unimpressed with his technique, but these 2 ladies are very good. I never had any issues, because they are careful when they cut the cuticles, and I leave with perfect looking nails every time. I don't particularly care for the movies they play there all the time (the world's worst comedies seem to be big hits with the owner), but I easily tune them out and read e-mails.
3	I came to this salon while I was on vacation vising my aunt. They had a great selection of shellac nails and the couple that worked there were  very friendly. The reason I am giving it three stars though is because the shellac wasn't completely dry and when I asked if I can use the dryer for two minutes longer they said it would dry on its own. I reminded them that shellac nails don't dry on their own but they kept insisting it would dry on it's own. The next day my nails kept getting stuck on everything that I touched. It was clear that they wanted me to get out because they had other customers waiting.
1	This place sucks the guy did a horrible job on fixing my friends nail and shaping it ... They made it super thick and didn't even know what the stiletto was ... They saw my looking and asking about 3d design and let me sit and wait until it was my turnto tell me the girl that did it wasn't there .... Then I tried to get a fill anyway and told them to do baby blue on the bottom and pointed french manicure on top he couldn't even do that so I left
