5	I chose this shop from a handful provided by the insurance agency handling my claim; I was concerned that the chrome accents on my (relatively new) truck would not be replaced correctly by just any shop.  These guys gave me a fair estimate, and called regularly with updates about the work.  It turned out that the entire side panel of my truck had to be replaced due to the damage from the collision, but even with this work, they still had my truck ready for me three days before their estimated finish date.  The chrome and the fender all fit perfectly, and the new side of my truck is indistinguishable from the original (other than the glossy coat on the paint).  I am incredibly grateful that they took such great care of my vehicle.
5	Matt hurtado was wonderful to work with. They Transformed my 12-year-old car to a car that looked just like it  came  off the showroom lot. They didn't amazing job!  I highly recommend them!
5	Wow! Customer Service with a damn Smile! Can you believe it!KJ was awesome! From the minute I walked in the door till I left with my wifes car the following week everything was handled very professionally. KJ insured things where taken care of with the claim department thru getting and returning my rental. By the way the wifes car looks great! OEM parts all the way! Need work on your vehical GO see these guys!
5	I have taken my car here a few times for repairs after someone has ran into me. This is the only Place I trust with my car to make sure it comes back looking better than when it came from the factory. Great Customer Service and Matt Hurtado has been great to work with.
5	My car is my baby. And the people at caliber collision center were gentle with my baby. Thank you Kyle and everyone that helped for amazing service! Will be back when my baby needs more pampering :).
5	Great service! Worked with Matt and they made the whole process very easy. Best bang for your buck by far.
2	I saw the sign of "Quality the first time" in their window so I had high hopes for my wife's car repair.  After a couple of weeks between Geico and Caliber blaming each other, we got the call to pick it up.  It had blemishes that needed to be buffed out.  They were nice and asked if she could come back the next day and pick it up.  She did.  When I got home, we examined the hood and found over 50 bubbles, blemishes, specs within the clear coat.  She called back and they said they would correct it and provide a rental.  They did.  A few days later she picked it up and their original friendliness had now subsided and basically couldn't get her out fast enough.  Definitely not quality the first time.  The end result is still not stellar but just not worth the hassle to deal with it.  Yes, the provided a rental but they fail to grasp the level of interuption and hassle this imposes on the customer.  Based upon other comments, possibly this was an anomaly but I cannot recommend this place.  There are just too many options out there to endure this experience.
5	From my first phone call to schedule an estimate to picking up my car after repairs, my experience with Caliber collision couldn't have been easier. Caliber had me picked up by Enterprise after dropping off my vehicle, sent frequent progress updates via text, called me with major updates, and worked around my schedule to make sure I could pick up my car when was convenient for me. Communication was outstanding and customer service was off the charts. Repairs were quick and my car looked better than I'd ever seen it when I picked it up. I wouldn't hesitate to bring them more of my business in the case of another accident, and I'll be recommending them to friends and family.
