4	Very comfortable for Monkey on business.Remote energy efficient touchscreen thermostats mounted inside every room.  Huge flatscreen TV, WiFi, desk area, coffee makers and 4 easy to find electrical outlets. Over 30 HD channels, in room safe, fridge and uber comfortable beds topped with triple-sheeted comforters and big, fluffy pillows.  Monkey got everything needed to enjoy staying put.  Great gym with several working treadmills, dumbells, machine weights, all overlooking the indoor/outdoor pool.Though this hotel is located 10mins short of downtown, it is a wonderful pace to enjoy the quiet surroundings.  Staff is very professional, friendly and efficient.  Champions Club lobby bar, bedecked with 10 TVs, is spacious and inviting.  Great friendly service.  Monkey ended the long day with a glass of PEPPERWOOD PINOT NOIR.  If you're out of time, just drop by the Grab n Go Cafe for a panini, salad, snacks or drinks to go.
4	This hotel is located on top of a hill. It's extremely difficult and frustrating to get a cab so if you don't have a car, best of luck. It's not too far from downtown but it's far enough that not many cabs are around and can pick you up in a reasonable time. The hotel's shuttle service is very good for airport pickups but not for other destinations.  Although I must admit the hotel's drivers are very nice and they would offer you rides if your destination is close even if you don't ask for one.  Their lady driver is the nicest, sweetest driver ever! The rooms are very nice and clean. They don't have free wifi in the room but they have it in the lobby as well as 3 computers and a printer that you can use for free. The staff members during breakfast were also extremely nice which made my breakfast very pleasant--the complete opposite of the waitstaff in their restaurant for dinner. We only had dinner there once but experienced a terrible service--rude waitress and extremely slow.
4	We only had one king bed which made the room seem small.  It's an older hotel that was renovated so you you run into those types of problems.  The hotel features are very nice.  A nice restaurant and bar, a legit gym, 2 pools and hot tub, and a bistro that is open early.  I would prefer a continental breakfast and surprised they don't have it.  We ended up ordering breakfast sandwiches from the bistro that were $6 a piece.  The breakfast is my only knock on the hotel.  The people there are very nice and helpful.
5	Nice and clean rooms staff is very friendly. I will highly recommend this hotel. Out of all the places I stay at this is the best
5	Totally remodeled.   Phenomenal staff.   For once, a really good restaurant in a hotel.  This is a good all around hotel just outside the Pittsburgh city limits.
