3	I go to El Penasco for lunch during the work week.  It's always good, but for me the service is always better than the food.  Not that the food is awful, but it's not really super great either.  Their lunch menu is much more limited than their dinner/weekend menu, but it's got the basics and everything is about $6 which makes is a popular spot.  When I go early I can be one of 2 tables in the place, but by 12:30 or so it's ususally getting pretty full - often including 20 folks or so in their seperate room meant for large groups.  Agreeing with Calamari about the rice and beans though.  I could get better opening a can of Rosarita and heating up some Rice-a-Roni.  Not high benchmarks at all.  I had a different experience with the salsa, which makes me wonder if it's made fresh - and she just got a bad batch.  The red had a fresh taste and pleasant kick while the green tomatillo had a really nice flavor. While the chips were fairly standard, they also included a hot tortilla on top of the chips which was a nice option.  Not a bad spot for a quick lunch, but it wouldn't be a destination spot for me.
5	I adore the atmosphere, food staff and prices here.  I go about once a week and the owners and waiters are like friends now.  They are the nicest, most hard working people and it really shows in the resturaunt.  The food is consistantly amazing.  I never really cared for enchiladas, quesadillas or tamales until I had El Penasco's.  There hasn't been a dish that I have tried there that I haven't loved.Maybe the best part of the experience is the fresh tortillas and original green, mild salsa.  It comes with chips and red salsa too, but the tortillas and green salsa are amazing.  Above and beyond what can be found in other resturaunts.  They have wonderful service with friendly, effective waiters and chefs, fantastic food and very reasonable prices.  Words cannot say how highly I recommend El Penasco.
4	I love this place.  My boyfriend & I went in on a whim and really enjoyed it.  I think we go at off times, because it's usually pretty empty (Sunday early afternoon).  I don't know what it is about their sauces, but they absolutely rock!  Try ordering the Penaso Burito (not sure if that's really the name).  It has machaca and this great spicy, creamy sauce... LOVE it.  Last weekend we tried another new one also from their specialties.  WOW!  I love this place & look forward to trying their Wednesday taco bars.
4	I really dig this place.  Angel and his wife (owners) are wonderful people, and do everything possible to ensure that your food is delightful.  It is not overpriced and the salsa is my favorite.The verde salsa with the monterrey and guac cubes is amazing. So is the red salsa.  Fajitas are simply great and I have heard that the Margaritas are pretty damm good too.Great atmosphere and I hope they stay open a long long time.
2	I am a bit surprised by the previous reviews.  I had dinner here with a friend on a Sunday night and the restaurant was almost empty.  The waitress was not friendly or very good.  The chips and salsa was amazing but that was really the only good part of the meal.  I ordered a bean and cheese burrito.  The beans were bland.  I had it deep fried.  It was but not to make it tasty.  It was dipped in oil just long enough to make it oily but not at all crispy.  It was then topped with a cream cheese sauce that was a bit spicy but mostly flavorless.  I'm glad we had an entertainment coupon for buy one get one and I would not go back.
1	AAAHHHH!!!   Don't waste your money here! When we went on a Wednesday night the place was empty, no music, no laughing....  the atmosphere was severely lacking. I ordered a shredded beef taco, chicken enchilada with green sauce, and rice and beans.  Ugh... the shredded beef was too thick and unseasoned (and left a bad after taste), the chicken enchilada had weird cubed chicken inside (was topped with sour cream, what?!)  and the green sauce lacked in flavor and tasted like it was full of fat.  Even the rice and beans were bland!    Also, this place is way too pricey for a little hole in the wall mexican food joint.  For 2 people (ordering water and no appetizers) we spent $24!!Ahhhh!  Honestly, Filiberto's would have been better!!  Yikes!
2	I wonder if this place used to be a venue for weddings.... the awkward dance floor, now home to a buffet, tells me that it was.  The food was ok, but maybe over priced.  I'd be interested in trying the lunch buffet at some point in the future, but it might not be the best idea given the small vegetarian selection.  Final verdict: I feel a little bad for suggesting the place to my friends, but if they had suggested it I wouldn't hold it against them.
4	After a long day in Tempe, I luckily found this place in my Entertainment Book (coupon book) so we thought we'd give it a shot.  When we walked inside, they asked us if we were there for the dancing or the food--they were having salsa classes!  We said the food and I'm glad we did because it was excellent Mexican food.  The fajitas were marinated in lime and the carne asada was also generous.  The beans were excellent, as were the tortillas.  Give this place a try.
4	I like this place, now I am not a big fan of overly busy, jammed packed restaurants. So I liked that I wasn't waiting for a table too long, even though I think they have the opportunity to do so. I thought the food was great, the service was great and would recommend this place to anyone. Angel, the owner is very friendly and nice. I am excited to take my girlfriend there on Wednesday's for Salsa dancing, which Angel said they started a month ago. Good room for meeting space as well!!!
3	Have been going here since it opened, and I think the owners are wonderful people.... but I have to give an edit.Their verde sauce with jack cubes and onion is amazing.  It is one of my all time favorite sauces.  I could eat it everyday and even bottle it.But I have to complain about the Red sauce.  I used to think it was some of the best it the valley.  Why did they tinker with it?  It now has a taste that is very bitter and taste more like the red sauces at the 24hr burrito stops.  I wish they had kept it the way it was originally.  It was so fantastic.
3	Hubby and I went here and used our Entertainment coupon. We checked out the reviews first and it seemed about 50/50 . Not scared. We arrived and it was quiet for a Friday night in Tempe. Still not scared. We order a beer each and get down to checking out the menu. I order the steak fajitas and hubby gets the carne asada penasco. My fajitas were delicious, lots of peppers and onions crisped nicely. The steak was flavorful and juicy. Hubby liked his enchilada, I got a few bites, it was delish!  Love the sauce. He said his steak was a little limey, wasn't crazy about it.         There was a salsa dance class going on that looked fun. It seemed to be getting a little busier too. Our tab was  $25 for 2 dinners (we had coupon worth $12)  and 2 beers . Okay I guess. I gave it 3 stars for the server. Normally I'm real forgiving. I waited tables for more than 15 years and know how it feels on that end. But we were easy customers, no problems or special orders. She barely looked at us and when she brought our change , she just dropped it off and left.        We didn't see the owners, we heard they're cool. Will look for them next time, if we go again.
5	I always try to stop in whenever I'm in the area. Good people, good food. I recommend El Penasco to everyone I know.
3	Stopped into this friendly, mid-sized place for their "Wednesday Lunch Buffet".  My server brought me a basket of chips, a warm flour tortilla, & little bowls of red & green salsa.  Both salsas were good, especially the green!Over at the serving table, there was salad, Spanish Rice & refried beans (both excellent), soft flour tortillas, toasted corn taco shells, tostadas, soft corn tortillas, & pre-made crisp tacos with mashed potatoes as one of the ingredients.  (Weird, eh?  No, they were good!)   There were also chicken enchiladas, beef enchiladas, plus lots of ingredients for finishing your tacos & tostadas, including meat choices of chicken, picadillo beef, & tasty "Al Pastor" pork.The ambiance here wasn't to my liking (booth arrangement, daytime lighting, too-loud music), but the service was good & the food delicious!Wednesday Lunch Buffet $7.97 including beverage.
4	We had our local "Lunch Club here on Wednesday and everyone had the Taco Buffet. I was surprized when I saw all the other items in the buffet. I tried a little of everything and loved it all. They have a nice side room if you want to hold a meeting or event like we did. The service was prompt and they handled our group of 35+ without a hitch. Thanks, We'll be back often!!
5	"Wanna try that place? You know, that one on the corner that we've passed a million times? I've heard it's good."That's how most of my discussions begin. El Penasco has got to be one on the best Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. The tortillas were soft and fresh, the salsa was a dream (and recently won an award at the Salsa Festival in Tempe), the tamales with red sauce were divine. The do breakfast too, but I haven't been for that. I went back for lunch the other day and had fajitas. There are different versions of "Mexican food" depending on the region of Mexico, and whatever region this comes from is one of my favorites. Service was a little slow, but I'm willing to overlook that because the food was great. They teach Salsa dance classes here on Wednesday nights.Bottom line: a great local place and worth checking out.
2	i liked the food, it was a nice diversion from "chain" mexican restaurants, which are quite frankly NOT my favorite, but thanks for playing. shredded beef taco and bean/cheese burro. LOVED the tortilla, nice and chewy, not all chalky and almost crunchy like some. Matthew got a chicken taco that he said was good. the chips and salsa were also quite tasty.however. it's dark in there. like hard to see the menu kind of dark. it's also COLD, i bring a hoodie everywhere and that usually solves my delicate flower tendencies. not here, still cold with my hoodie.i really want to give this place 4 or 5 stars, i really do. but the service was just not that caliber.the service was awful. asked 2 separate times for more chips and got them at almost the end of our meal. my drink sat empty for 10 minutes. the servers were nice, but they got my order wrong and put the tacos on the wrong plates.  now, to be fair, there was a "party", looked like some corporate event or something. but, they were attentive to the other tables that had been seated and not us. it may be that i attract bad service at mexican food places, i hope that's not the case!anyhow, i will patronize this restaurant again for TAKE OUT!
4	Ok, for those of you who like going to chain restaurants, this is not your place. Also, if you're looking for white tablecloth and Vogue-ish ambiance, go to PF changs (yuck). This place is for weddings, family gatherings, just simple good food, morning noon and night, and amazing drinks.We went for breakfast, because I love a good Mexican breakfast, but they're impossible to find here.John had juevos rancheros and they were lovely.I had the eggs and ham and it was perfect.Great departure from the typical diner breakfast. Perfect for a hangover, because there's a full bar, and they will give you a bloody Mary.The wrinkle, is that breakfast is served weekends only till noon. We walked in a half an hour late and they accommodated us. ;)Their claim to fame is the taco lunch buffet. ~we didn't stick around for that. I can also imagine there would be some good salsa dancing in this place late nights.From the outside it looks like a tiny storefront. But it's huge inside and mellow, like everyone there was there the night before and the moonlight hasn't brushed off yet.
2	I've been to this place many times with co-workers since my office is just close by. I finally understand this place. While the food was pretty decent, the service is so slow that it's angering. Sometimes, when I'm fed up at work I get the urge to come here and order something and wait 50 minutes for it so that I can appreciate retreating back to cubicle hell. On every occasions I've had to wait on my order for average 30-45 minutes. I eat for a few minutes before rushing back to work with them just fed up. On one and only one occasion have I had an explanation from the wait staff but the place only had a few tables with patrons so I didn't understand why it was so slow. Since then, I've stopped eating here and reverted back to eating and the other nearby Mexican restaurants that have my food out in a few minutes but sadly not as good as this place. The food is good but it's not good enough to have me tapping the table for my whole lunch period.
3	Take a look at El Penasco's logo.  The man and woman are not happy being together.  There's something about the disinterest in their eyes and their lack of passion that saddens my heart.  They were in love once and the love has faded.  In a way, that may be a metaphor for the food itself.When this place first opened, it used to be a lot better.  I remember the food then was really awesome and it was nice to have a container filled with warm tortillas and salsa at your table.  Going back, relatively recently, the food just wasn't the same.  It's certainly not the worst that's around by any standards, but there's certainly a love of the craft of food that's long gone.
