4	Fast, efficient and friendly service.  My spa pedicure included an amazing hot rock calf massage.  Polish lasted a good 3 weeks before chipping.
1	Went in for a manicure, paid 14 dollars and left with nails not painted. Basically all he did was file and trim cuticles.  I think the polished I picked was old and when it bubbled some lady there said it was my nails that made to polish bubble up! He took color off, tried again...same thing. I asked for clear and he didnt even get all the color polish off....I will never go back...the lady was so rude to me.
5	Great place, fast and friendly. Tracy is the best!
2	1st time today here. Nice pedicure and manicure. Tracy hooked up my eyebrows. Very friendly.Update: on 10/13 mu daughter and I went for pedi's and the service wasnt good. Both techs were not friendly and one was actually rude towards my 15 yr old daughter! Will not be returning .This visit was completely different from my first initial visit.
2	This place is SO cheap - so if you're looking for inexpensive, go here!  I think it was $42 for a mani w/ gel and pedi.  My friend and I were blown away at the cost, which tempts us to return... but we wont'.We didn't make an appointment, but they were eager to get us into a chair.  We sat with our feet in the water for a good 20 minutes before anyone was available to start with us. Not too big of a deal, but by then the water was cold and their massage chairs are NOT good. Very old... I don't like the gel/shellac polish they use. It chipped and didn't look good after about a week/week and a half (typically I can wear mine for 3-4 weeks without a chip).  My friend's color was completely see through. Our toes both turned out OK, but again they chipped completely off some of my toes by the end of week 2. I think their product is outdated - they need to upgrade!Overall, if you need a cheap mani/pedi and don't need it to last more than a week - go here.
3	Recently received a pedicure and gel manicure. Clean shop and nice folks however polishes were poorly done. Polish was not painted evenly and thick in some places. Gel manicure was not much better. A light pink polish was chosen but afterwards you are still able to see my nail bed through the polish. Will not be returning.
5	I have been coming here for 3 plus years.  Originally I received a gift certificate from my husband and kids but I love this place.  I have nails that are very curvy and have a tendency to in grow  if not taken care of regularly.  Tracy always takes the time to make sure they are good before I leave.  Recently I began have gel manicures and I love them!  They last for about three weeks with out chipping and usually need to be redone due to growth.  I get many compliments on my nails from store clerks, friends, etc.I always receive great service and even tough occasionally I have to wait, it is always worth it. We moved about three months after I began coming here but I still come here even though there are several salons much closer to my new address.  I highly recommend this salon for any one looking for special attention.  Always friendly and welcoming.
1	They only had 3 people working on a Saturday afternoon, one person was doing a family members nails, when others were waiting  to receive a service. One of us received a pedicure right away while the other person waited with cold water for 20+ minutes. I would not recommend this place unless you have no other options.
