2	I had a gift certificate to the spa inside the J.W. Marriott in Summerlin.  I found it to be very loud while you were waiting for your massage.  I was not in a relaxed mood by the time they called my name.  There was a huge group of loud women waiting also and they should have been quieted by the staff.  I've been to spa's in the Bay area and was so impressed.  They soaked your feet in warm water and served you wine or champaign and you were only allowed to whisper.  There were candles and the ambiance really set the tone for relaxation. But the Aquae Sulis Spa at the Marriott was a disappointment to me and did not offer the same atmoshpere as I have had at other spas.  I was very shocked as my expectations were much higher for the Marriott.  If it was not for my gift certificate, I wouldn't pay to go back.
5	Just returned home from the Aquae Sulis Spa, which is now my favorite spa in Las Vegas.  It is a completely different and more relaxing vibe than the spa at Red Rock.  The fitness area and locker rooms were huge, and there was plenty of room to move around.  For those more modest guests, they even offered two private dressing rooms.The best part about my experience was that I have never received such outstanding customer service in recent memory.  From the  valet to the check-in staff, and the great nail tech (Tammy), this was  top-of- the line all the way.  They offer a 20% locals' discount which comes in handy.I cannot wait to return when it is a little warmer so I can enjoy the spa pool area.
4	I've been to this spa multiple times and have throughly enjoyed the experience.  The facilities are very nice w/ fresh fruit, juices, and water to enjoy as you please.  Television w/ couches and magazines to relax.  Cold towels w/ fresh slices of cucumber await outside the steam rooms.  Cold and Hot dip jacuzzi's.  Co-ed workout and outdoor pool area.  The staff is also very attentive and keeps everything in order.  The one downside about this place is the fact you have to walk through a very loud casino to get to it.
4	I have been going to Aqua Sulis Spa for about a year now and have had my hair and nails done about 5 or 6 times. Every experience has been nothing short of fantastic. The service is always exceptional, i feel right at home, and have met some really great friends. I learned during my more recent visit that anytime one receives service they then receive an all day access to all the amenities the spa has to offer. (this includes gym, pool, spa, sauna, steam room, showers)my girlfriend and i spent a good 3 hours working out, relaxing by the pool, taking a dip when the 110 degree weather got a little too unbearable, enjoyed the steam room, as well as the sauna, and even used the shower which included shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and shaving cream. to use the gym, pool, etc costs one $20 a day. a membership is $150 a month. i am seriously considering purchasing a membership, as everything that i need to get in a great workout is there and it is 10x's nicer and enjoyable than a 24 hour fitness or LVAC.
4	Ok, so I admit it. I went there EVERY DAY of my stay during a work conference. The spa gym blows away the hotel's sorry excuse for a gym any day.  I did breakdown the 2nd day and got a swedish massage from Tiffany and I was transported to heaven.    She was able to get out all kinds of knots in my shoulders and neck and let's face it, there were tons since I was there for a WORK conference.  The rest of the spa's faciilities are very nice - locker/dressing room, torrential rain shower, steam room, sauna room, cold dip, hot dip, relaxing lounge, complimentary beverages, and nice amenities for showers, shampoo, conditioner and other necessities. I would stay at the Rampart again just for access to the resort spa and lounge.
4	Loved it. I had nothing but a good experience at the spa. I had read the reviews here on yelp(as well as elsewhere) and became a little hesitant, but I was extremely surprised. For one, you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the spa. If you self park or valet off Canyon Rd., there are doors for "hotel registration", which is right before the spa, as well as the stinky, loud casino. The facility was extremely clean, the pools were clean and working, the staff was professional and courteous. I had a detox seaweed wrap, a refresher facial, wax, mani, and pedi. All of my girls were sweet and very professional. During the seaweed wrap, my therapist made sure to keep my lady parts covered and that I was comfortable. I absolutely adored this treatment and recommend it. My esthetician showed me the products she used and gave me a pamphlet of the products. This was my first facial, so I had no idea what to expect.  They have you lay in a warmed bed, under the covers, which got a little warm, but I think that's the point. It was nice and relaxing. My manicurist was very thorough on my feet(which needed it!)and did such a great job on my french mani. There's no skimping, no rushing, no pushy sales people. There are personal lockers, you can use the facilities all day long if you wish. They offer fresh fruit, tea, water, and a number of canned, chilled juices. The staff was always attentive. I didn't use any of the other amenities, so I can't say that sauna or steam room worked, but I'm sure it did-others were enjoying the indoor pools and steam rooms. I would have given Aquae Sulis five stars, but I have nothing to compare it to. This was my first spa experience and it was well worth it. I would highly recommend it.
5	My husband and I had a Valentine's Day special, couple's massage and it was awesome!  I loved everything about this spa and their staff.  What I liked the most is that it wasn't crowded or full of chatty ladies and also that it's nice and open (spacewise).  I do like that you can choose to go outside where there is a co-ed swimming pool and steam room.  With this, it made me feel more like I was there with my husband rather than to just do my own thing then see him during the massage.  At the end of our time spent, I truly felt relaxed and would love to go back again. =)  If your looking more for a romantic spa day, then I would recommend this particular one.
5	Loved this place! It is off the strip, which made it hard to choose over the many spa options on the strip, but it had a pedicure option that sounded so divine, it made it worth the trip. I am so glad i did! You definitely need a car to get here.My sister and I (along with our husbands and father) spent several hours here one day. The men hung out on the men's side of the spa, and we on the women's side. We went a couple hours early before our pedicure appointment so that we could enjoy the spa amenities before hand. So glad we did. You have to go early to do the "aqua sulis rituals" (i.e. the hot and cold pools) as well as the steam room. I love a good steam! Our spa service (pedicures) came with full access to the spa for the day. The men didn't have services done, so they had to pay a $25 fee for use of the spa for the day. My dad, who goes to vegas frequently, said he will definitely be back to enjoy the spa experience again.It was disappointing that the outside spa pool was not in service on the day we went. It would have been nice to have been told this when we made the appointment and/or when they called us to confirm the appointment the day before hand. Although that was disappointing, we thoroughly enjoyed our time there.There is also a huge pool area (outside of the spa, the regular hotel pool) which is beautiful. There is also a poolside cafe where you can have a bite to eat. That pool was totally open while we were there.Pedicures were amazing. We got the wine down pedicures which come with 2 glasses of wine each and a huge plate of several different cheeses as well as some crackers. Very generous portions of cheese, very good cheese, very generous and good wine. It was Ravenswood Zinfandel, one of my favorites! There was brie, cheddar, gouda... there was also a bit of fruit.The ladies who gave us our pedicures did an excellent job. Every time i look at my pretty toes i smile remembering the great time we had! They took their time and were very professional and thorough with each part of the pedicure experience.The chairs that you sit in during the pedicure are awesome. So comfortable. And the foot bath you put your feet in is amazing. The products used on your feet are so wonderful. Everything was perfect, relaxing, luxurious. I couldn't have asked for a better experience.The only thing I think that could be improved would be a walk through of the spa area explaining the aqua sulis rituals. We were only shown to the locker room and assigned lockers. We pretty much had to figure everything out on our own. If you are advertising this as a "ritual" then you should explain what that ritual entails. Or if you don't want to pay someone to explain that, then at least have a sign up that explains it.This was my first trip to Vegas. I really didn't care for Vegas very much and really don't have a desire to go back (i don't gamble, and hate cigarette smoke) but i have to say that the side trip to the spa was the best part of my trip, and i would LOVE to go back just to stay at this place and do spa days every day! I'm thinking i will have to plan a girl's trip just to hang out at this spa again. The entry way to the hotel looked amazing too. I'd love to go back and stay there and check it out.The men also had a great time on the guys' side of the spa. The only negative is if you wanted to have a couples experience at a spa, this is not the right spa to do that in. The only shared co-ed area of the spa is the outdoor area pool and the gym.This place is wonderful and absolutely 100% definitely worth the trip off the strip. Do it - you won't regret it! My free advice - go WAY early before your appointment to give yourself PLENTY of time to enjoy the spa! Make a day of it! Even if you are only having one service done!
1	Is it possible to give zero stars?If so, I would.My friend and I had comped day passes to check out the spa, and decided if we liked it, we would stay and get a massage and pedicure.We left after 10 minutes.  First of all, check in was completely unprofessional.  The locker facility at my LVAC location is nicer than the women's changing room here.  The outdoor hydrotherapy pool was closed, there were 2 bugs in the steam room, the showers out by the plunge pools were closed, and about 6 of the workout machines were out of order.We got of there quickly and decided to go to Red Rock next week, which is one of my favorites.  I'll let you know how it goes, but ANYTHING would be better than Aquae Sulis.
5	Enjoyed another great experience at Aquae Sulis again this morning. Stayed at the J.W. Marriott with a "Romance Package" which included a facial or massage. Went for the facial, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Theresa listened to my needs and truly made my facial "custom." The staff went out of their way to make me comfortable. Nate at the front desk was especially accommodating. This spa is so much more relaxing and laid back than Red Rock.
5	My skin gets really dry in the winter time so I wanted to hydrate it. I decided to get  a Coconut Creme Body treatment . It hydrates and detoxifies your system. This is the first time I ever got a full body exfoliation. Debbie who did my treatment said it wasn't going to hurt like normal ones do. I also talked to a friend that had a body exfoliation done somewhere else and she said it felt like they were rubbing shattered diamonds all over her and it hurt! Luckily this didn't hurt at all! I was lead in a dim room where there was a shower inside. I was left to disrobe and get under the covers on a massage table. Then I was exfoliated with a sugar cane / warm coconut milk scrub. Most of your body is exfoliated except for your chest area and private area. Once  I was fully exfoliated I was left  with some more scrub that I could use in other areas while I  rinsed off in the shower. I used it on my feet because they need all the help they can get!  Once I was fully rinsed off then I was massaged with exotic oils. The smell reminded me of the soaps and shampoos that I used in Bora Bora. I think it smelled like the flower Tiare. After my 50 minute treatment I felt rejuvenated and relaxed.  My skin was also super soft! Thanks Debbie! Aquae Sulis also offers locals a 25% discount.
3	The massage was wonderful but the check in to the spa is the real let down.  As another reviewer noted, it was unprofessional.  You go through two check-ins, yet they never give you a tour of the spa like other spas do.  A quick walk through of the facilities would be appreciated for the amount of money you pay.   I almost missed the waterfall showers but luckily I didn't.  They were so unusual I used them twice.  Nothing like heavy water falling on your aching muscles, pooling at your feet.Hubby booked me for a spa sampler, an 80 minute treatment of body, scalp and foot massage. I added on a facial.  I'd give 5 stars alone to Mitch for the massage treatment.  He was professional and courteous, providing the right amount of pressure and making me feel completely relaxed.  I usually don't get a male massage therapist but in the future I'd want to clone him.  The facial was OK.  My skin gets super dry in the desert, so it was necessary but expensive.  On par with other hotel spa services, but the facial felt standard,  nothing special.The gym was spacious and quiet.  They had an ample number of cardio machines and decent weights.  I think they tack on an extra $25 or $35 fee if you are just using the gym without a spa treatment (not including waxing), the higher fee if you aren't a hotel guest.  Definitely do yourself a favor and book a massage with Mitch, then give yourself at least 1.5 hours to work out and use the dry sauna, steam room, cold and warm pools, and those wonderful waterfall showers.
5	My first pedicure...I got talked into it by my wife.I was terribly afraid my feet would be too ticklish to make it work.    But darn it was sure worth it.  Fantastic to get the spa treatment, and I would go back here any day of the week.  (And probably will on our next trip to Las Vegas).Very relaxing.Oh and a great gym here too!!
5	My wonderful husband treated me to a spa day for my birthday and I was thrilled with the package that he selected for me.I started the day with a Coconut Cream Body Scrub and massage. Quinn performed my scrub and massage and it was wonderful. I prefer to have a male masseuse as women tend to overcompensate and rub too hard. Quinn did a great job and worked out all the knots in my back. Ahhh.Next, I had a Custom Concept facial. I hate that I can't remember the woman's name who performed this service, but she had an amazing Russian accent. My pores have never been so squeaky clean and the face and scalp massage was wonderful.After having been scrubbed, massaged, and polished, I headed down to the salon for a pedicure. I had the Paradise Pedicure and it was very nice. My toes look perfect and Jessica did a great job smoothing out all my rough edges. :) I received a full grand tour of the spa and did also use the gym which had a wide variety of machines and free weights. Everything was in good working order and I was very pleased with the service and the spa treatment. I would definitely go back!
3	If this wasn't part of the Marriott, it would have 2 stars.  But since I am a loyal Marriott customer and know they CAN offer an amazing spa experience, I bumped them up.However, I wouldn't say this one is "awesome".  First, before we even arrived, I was a little unsure about the atmosphere based on all the pictures on the web.  The photos looked more like America's Next Top Model Challenges, that just happened to be set in the spa.  The ridiculous poses on the pedicure chairs and plenty of pictures of glamour shots of the girls didn't help me get a feel for the actual spa facilities.We stopped in anyways to hang out and schedule a couple of services - since our experience at other spa's have been amazing, we figured this was a safe bet.  On my first visit in over the course of my stay, check-in was a touch painful and involved 2 people to complete:  the one very helpful guy and the girl that just stared back at me from behind the desk. It was awkward. She then escorted me to the locker room.And that was were it ended. The locker room attendant proved to be a hit or miss deal - on this particular time she was behind the counter, but many other times during my multiple visits, the desk was empty.  I received no real tour of the facilities except for standing in the middle of the room, pointing in the direction of things.  I can only tell you for sure that they offer bathrooms, a hot tub and sauna.  Those are all the things I found.The facility itself was clean and nice.  The locker room is a shared space for getting naked, getting dressed, grooming and...eating?  There is a kitchen in the middle of it - which does nothing for me.  I think it is a  little gross actually.  They offer a gym which seemed to be pretty good except for the first 3 treadmills I tried didn't work.  While a tad small, they do offer a private pool for the spa guests, which is much nicer than the family circus pool in the main area.  However, it is by a walkway so that you are completely on display and with no umbrellas, there is no escaping the sun all day.  One thing that stood out compared to other experience, was the lack of pool service.  No one came by to take a drink order, clear away used towels or uneaten food, or even do a general picking up.  Ii certainly didn't notice any leftover food and used towels lying about in the photos!  This was the case throughout the 3 days we were at the spa.  It definitely kills the ambiance - especially if you are paying for services or paid to just hang out.  We also ran into a snafu and poor service when trying to order lunch.  As for the services, I can't complain at all. You have to try pretty hard to make a massage terrible.  And the facial was one of the best yet.  So at least Aquae Sulis can deliver on the spa treatments...which they do well, so there is hope!  They just need to spend less time on the glamour shots and more time on actually creating a glamorous experience.  And getting rid of someone's unfinished lunch that has been sitting next to me all day.
4	My daughter-in-law and I wanted a spa day together and received gift certificates from my husband.   I was concerned because I had read some reviews here that were less than favorable.   Well, management must have read those (and the JW is undergoing management changes/improvements) because the staff could NOT have been more attentive!   We were given a full tour and our massages were wonderful!   We ordered wine and lunch (you do have to do this at the front desk at the spa, from room service)and it was delicious!   The dishes/trays were picked up promptly.  I do have one small complaint and that is the lack of a shady area outside.   There are no umbrellas and we wanted to stay outside but out of the sun, and finally found a small spot at the edge of the pool.  The facility is clean and not busy on a weekday, which was nice.  It not the MOST luxurious in Las Vegas, and it is pricey, but if you are in the area or staying there, it's a great choice...AND locals (at least now) get 25% off during the week!
2	On my several visits I never had more than a lukewarm shower (even after running the shower for 20 minutes before use).I'm told the Boiler needs to be replaced and there are no plans to do it. For a Resort of this type and their prices I find it totally unacceptable  and would never pay full price and will only go with a Casino Comp. As for the facility itself. Spacious, excellent professional staff, superior Massages  ( I had Ron - and I highly recommend him), All of the amenities that you would want, overall clean (with the exception of minor mould in the showers - that I reported).This is also a very dated  low use facility, which can be good and bad. If you like a massive spa relative to yourself - You have arrived; If you like a modern contemporary spa - don't even consider this one.
3	Three stars only because of excellent Spa treatment services. I've had a couple of Deep Tissue Massages and all have been excellent. If I could only say the same for the Spa. The Attendants are Courteous and willing to help, however that does not overlook that in Months (Possibly Longer) they have only Cool (at best) showers, a Dated Facility where no money has been spent since it opened and Management does not seem to care. For a Day pass the expect $ 45.00 - Really ! You can go to almost any other Spa in Town and you will get Hot Water and Pay Less. Spa Services are expensive and if you do not qualify for a large discount - I would also go elsewhere. Judging by the low usage of this spa I'm sure that is what is happening. I've even been to this spa when the was no attendant (literally out to lunch) and no other patrons or staff and had the entire spa literally to myself for 45 minutes. This could be extremely dangerous, but their management seems to be willing to take the legal risk.
4	The Hot Water Shower issue in the Men's Spa has Finally Been Addressed.Excellent Massages (Ask For Ron for an Amazing Deep Tissue Massage and Locals Discount if you are a Nevada Resident) Dated but Spotless Facilities, however for a    $ 45.00 Entry fee do not expect a free Juice bar, Just water and Apples is All. The Hot Water was out for ages and I'm happy to report that you can finally get a Hot Shower. They still have second rate robes and towels when compared to the Qua Spa, however a Spa where there are never huge Crowds (I understand the East Coast Crowd keeps it busy from 6 - 9 AM) makes the place enjoyable. Still a High Price for a Good but not Superior Spa..
4	Serene, relaxing and enjoyable.  I had a pedicure and a facial.  Both were exactly what I was looking for.  I'm pregnant, and one of their indoor warm pools was perfect temperature to allow a pregnant mama soak.  A nice treat since it was a cold day out, and all that was left otherwise were hot tubs and saunas (no go with pregnancy).
3	Overall, I always have a relaxing day using this spa's indoor and outdoor hot tubs and gym. The gym overlooks the waterfall outside, and there's a nice selection of fitness machines. They used to have bottled water and juice available in the women's locker room, but no more. Disappointed for sure. There are both hot and cold jacuzzis inside, along with sauna rooms and waterfall showers. The regular showers have shampoo, etc. right inside the showers, which is great. Outside is a nice long pool and a jacuzzi with lounge chairs by the waterfall. The facilities weren't busy, and I enjoyed being able to use both the indoor and outdoor tubs. I didn't have any spa services, so I didn't get to see the treatment rooms. This is a JW Marriott, which is an upscale Marriott property. I've always expected the spa to be more upscale for this reason.
4	My hubby and I booked a couples massage for our last getaway before the baby comes. It was my hubby's first massage ever and now he is hooked. The women were very accomidating and professional! They have special pillows that allow for pregnant women to lay on their bellies for their massage and that was amazing! I was worried as to how relaxed I would get if I had to stay sitting up or just on my back the whole time. The indoor womens area was very clean and pretty quiet. The indoor pools are cool, lukewarm, and hot. The lukewarm is perfect for a good mommy to be soak as it isn't much warmer than room temp. Thier is a sauna, steam room, waterfall showers, and normal showers with soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion in the stall. The only downside to this place is that if you are getting a couples treatment, there is no inside waiting area to be with your mate. The only places you can relax is at the private spa outdoor pool or the gym area. The only other place you meet is the waiting room for your treatment. I really wanted to be close to my hubby before our treatment where we could hang out and talk in a comfy area. not just the quiet room or super loud gym. The private pool outside was very nice, although the small pool was closed. Aromatherepy or hydrotherapy pool perhaps? The water was super cold and no one was in the pool. Was a bummer since being pregnant, I can't use the hot tub. There are no umbrellas for the afternoon sun.
4	I really enjoy this spa and I love it even more when they are having the locals discount. I have tried many of the services, but my favorite is still the 55 minute Swedish massage and 55 min Desert facial.It is really nice in spring and summer to have lunch at the private spa pool. They offer healthy choices that are delicious. The spa outdoor pool is really nice with all the different out coves.They used to have a really nice selection of fruit and juices. This has gone downhill a little bit, but still a great place to go.
5	First time here and first time at JW Marriott. Amazing first visit and I will be back. Friendly staff, super clean facility! I have been to many spas and this time I tried the desert stone massage. Sincerely I loved it way better than a Swedish massage! I fell in love! The waterfall showers are an experience itself. It wasn't busy which makes it more relaxing. There is a private pool outside the gym portion, steam rooms, saunas, an indoor pool and hot tub just in the woman's side. Honestly for the price, you must treat yourself to a desert stone massage. I promise you won't regret it. This was a hidden little gem away from the strip!First time here and first time at JW Marriott. Amazing first visit and I will be back. Friendly staff, super clean facility! I have been to many spas and this time I tried the desert stone massage. Sincerely I loved it way better than a Swedish massage! I fell in love! The waterfall showers are an experience itself. It wasn't busy which makes it more relaxing. There is a private pool outside the gym portion, steam rooms, saunas, an indoor pool and hot tub just in the woman's side. Honestly for the price, you must treat yourself to a desert stone massage. I promise you won't regret it. This was a hidden little gem away from the strip!First time here and first time at JW Marriott. Amazing first visit and I will be back. Friendly staff, super clean facility! I have been to many spas and this time I tried the desert stone massage. Sincerely I loved it way better than a Swedish massage! I fell in love! The waterfall showers are an experience itself. It wasn't busy which makes it more relaxing. There is a private pool outside the gym portion, steam rooms, saunas, an indoor pool and hot tub just in the woman's side. Honestly for the price, you must treat yourself to a desert stone massage. I promise you won't regret it. This was a hidden little gem away from the strip!
2	This place like the entire hotel is in need of an update. Half the spa facilities are broken and usable like the hot tub, steam room and mineral baths.  They had water and tea available but no hot water, the hot water cooler was broken. Service was nice and friendly.
4	My Mom and I stayed at the JW Marriott while she was in town and we were given Spa access.  She said it was a first as she had stayed there before and wasn't given that privilege.  It was my first spa experience and luckily I brought my swim suit.  My Mom has been to other spas.You first enter a little retail shop where you have to sign your name and room number.  We explained it was our first time at the spa and they took us back into fitness center and through a side door that enters into the spa area.  There is a desk with aroma therapy steamers.  No one was at the desk so they told us someone would be along eventually to give us a tour.  After standing for awhile we decided to come back later to check it out again.  The second time we went back no one was at the desk again but this time we managed to find spa staff restocking towels in the locker room.We explained it was our first time and we would like a tour to use the facilities.  I came in my swimsuit and bathrobe from the hotel room, but discovered they have their own soft spa robes and special spa sandals for you to use.  The spa attendant asked our sizes and went and got them for us to change into.  They have a full fitness center in a half circle and in front of that is a wood floor where they seem to hold classes such as yoga in front of this ceiling to floor windows that over look the outdoor private spa pools and waterfalls.  It's very beautiful and serene and gives off this warm glowing natural light.  You can come fully dressed with a gym bag and a change of clothes with your own makeup to use their ladies locker room.  It has most everything else inside you'll need.  I recommend bringing your own loofah for the shower to use their spa body wash with.The staff was extremely friendly and gracious.  She took us on an entire tour.  On the inside of the women's area she showed us the waterfall showers which two out of three are being redone, the steam rooms which there are several of, the hot saunas, the cold plunge pool, the warm pool, the hot pool.  Then she took us outside and showed us how to work the hydrotherapy pools and explained the different settings and timing on them.After that she brought us back inside and showed us the rest of the ladies locker room and how to set the codes on our lockers if we wanted to use them to store our stuff.  Where the bathrooms and towels were. The kitchen area has a ledge already set up with fresh fruits, teas, refreshing water with fruit in it and fruit juices.  There is a beauty area with mirrors and sterilized hair brushes, hair dryers, ect.  Then she explained the showers and showed us the spa shampoos, spa conditioners, spa body wash and spa lotions to use.  All of this is included in spa access with no additional charge.She also explained we could order lunch and other services but we just wanted to relax by the private pool and swim, and try all the hydrotherapy pools, and the steam rooms, and sauna, so we went outside where she brought us some towels.  Some of the hydrotherapy pools seemed to be having low pressure and maybe needed cleaning maintenance that day.  I recommend swimming the length of the pool and trying all the little pools on both sides as some have better pressure than others and you'll get the full benefit of what they're meant for.  The waterfall shower is really nice for your neck and shoulders.  Then there are ones that are very good for your knees and legs.  There is also one that is amazing on your back.The outdoor spa pool is co-ed and private from the hotel pools.  The men's entrance is on the other side from the women's.  I don't know what the inside of the men's area is like.  On the women's side inside it's private with private indoor pools and rooms too.After we tried the outside pools we went to the private women's area inside and tried the large warm pool, the hot pool, and the cold plunge pool.  Then we tried the steam room and the hot sauna.  After that we went and used the spa showers with their spa shampoos and spa conditioners and spa body washes.  Remember to do that part because it really completes the day of relaxation and pampering yourself.  After the shower we used the spa lotion which had the scent of cotton candy and doesn't feel greasy or oily.  Everything is wonderful there.When we started to get dressed and go into the beauty area to dry and brush our hair there came a bridal party of around 11 women for a spa day.  I think someone was getting married.  Also the women from the yoga class in the fitness center were finished and came into the ladies locker room to get ready to go out.  I could see why they were all there.  Spa days as so luxuriously relaxing and pampering and we had a great experience.  I can't believe I've been missing out on this my entire life and I highly recommend it to anyone.  I now foresee many rejuvenating spa days in my future whenever my friends and family want to come visit me in Las Vegas. I'm a fan!
2	I paid for a 55 minute pedicure and it was only 45 minutes. I could have used the extra few minutes on my massage or calluses. To be honest the chop shop I go to does a better job for half the price. The ambiance is nice though. The salon has a clever way of automatically putting 20 percent towards their tip so if you don't believe your service is worth this much you have to tell them to make an adjustment.
4	Great adult spa.  Services are top notch but it Is very $$$$... Gym is nice for a workout.   Mens spa is clean and attendants are quick to serve.  Price brings a 5* down to a 4*    otherwise it's flawless
4	I had family and friends come to town and stay here again. We enjoyed another day at the spa together. I really love going to this spa! This time we were in the Palms Tower which is not the tower with the spa in it that we were in last time. From the Palms Tower we had to either walk through the smoke filled casino to get to the spa or take the scenic route through the grounds to avoid the smoke on the way to the spa. It's a little bit of a walk but nice. I took pictures this time from the Palms tower and a few quick blurry ones inside the spa. The hotel is very lovely with very nice rooms and grounds.Inside the spa this time in the outside hydro therapy pool area I noticed a family going into this hidden area. Out of curiosity I checked it out and saw it's a private Japanese style deep-soaking tub area for massage. There was a sign but I can't remember the name of it and it said it was by appointment only. It's closer to the men's side door.
4	This spa was so relaxing, the staff takes care of you every step of the way. Everything was clean and smelled nice, from the changing area to the massage room. I got an 80 minutes sports massage, my masseuse found and destroyed all my knots and sore areas. The steam room was soothing and the sauna was clean and big. I would go again.
2	The first time I had a service at this spa I was underwhelmed. Half of the women's side is out of order or doesn't work well. Most of the areas are too bright and nosy. The whole thing is in desperate need of an update!I walked in and was greeted by four attendants who were all smashed behind an awkward table. I was taken to my locker that is not private in the slightest. The attendant walked me around to show me the facilities telling me certain things were broken. The place was virtually empty on a Sunday. Normally when I go to a spa the music is quieter and the lights are dimmed. Not here. The tiles are not straight and the grout is missing in many places throughout. The chairs are super uncomfortable and look like outdoor furniture. The steam room should just be called a warm room because there was almost no steam. I went outside and enjoyed the pool but noticed most of their 'water therapy' spots were broken. The grout in the pool and spa outside are missing. There are holes in the sides of the pool. The robe they give you is paper thin and not at all plush like most spa robes. If you get your feet wet and put them into the flip flops you will fall over. They called me back for my body wrap and I was taken to a very nice quiet comfortable room (what the rest of the facility should be like). The wrap was wonderful. I would go back if the rest of the facility wasn't so drab and old.
1	This is the second time I have been here and I have to say the second time was less than desirable. The first time was amazing, very attentive staff.  The facility was in great shape. A few years later and this place is run down. The women's side showers were out of order, ALL OF THEM!  we were escorted to a shower to use that was a quarter of the size of my hotel room shower up stairs, away from everything. Someone should really come in and renovate. Replace broken tiles, fix plumbing, etc. get this place back to where it should be.
