4	I've been a loyal t-mobile customer for almost 10 years so when my last two year contract was up, I knew I would sign another and upgrade my phone.I put off the upgrade for a few months because we were in the midst of planning a cross country move. When we were settled I just happened across this location and decided to go in.I want sure what phone I wanted (my previous upgrade experience was less than stellar and I was expecting to pay a lot) and the girl who was helping me walked me through all my choices. She was patient even when my daughter started asking when we would be done over and over and over.I settled on the galaxy s 2, got it for even less than what the girl thought I was going to have to pay, but I did have to change my plan because the sweet unlimited plan that I was so lucky to hold on to for the past 8 years or so was no longer compatible.Service was fast, staff was friendly, I only knocked down one star because they were lacking in the accessories department. Oh, and this location is great for people watching. In the short amount of time we were in there, I got to witness some interesting interactions. All the other guys who were working never missed a beat.
5	These guys are always helpful and can fix mostly anything that needs to be done. This store is pretty busy most of the time but the wait time usually is quick.
1	No no no! Don't go here please. I was told to go to this tmobile because they said they had a galaxy q cell. So I drove from one tmobile to that store to find out they didn't have the cell I needed. Then the guy says go to baseline and Stapley store they have it. Hahaha I said, "ok I'm here, do you have the phone?" The guy didn't even know his location then he kinda tried to upgrade me and didn't know shit about the cell. And then he told me why don't you keep your old phone. Told him my cell is 3 years old I would like a new one and if they display a phone that isn't there then they shouldn't put it on display. Then told me only one tmobile has that phone and its in Phoenix. You guys suck.
1	Kinda helpful. mostly just wanted to sell me on a plan so he told me to check my credit, and that they use soft inquiries (don't show up on credit reports). that was not the case. It showed up on my credit reports. Maybe he believed that it was a soft inquiry and was not educated correctly. either way, these guys hurt my credit report and score.
5	Excellent customer service. Aydimi is wonderful to work with and went above and beyond to give me a great experience at this location.
