5	Potenza is the new favorite pizza place to order from for my wife and I. We've tried numerous places over the last year, and Potenza seems to be the most consistent for quality.My favorite hoagie is chicken parm, as I order one almost every time we call in an order to any pizza shop. I guess you could say that's what I use to compare. I have to say that even if the pizza was awful, I'd at least be calling Potenza to order their chicken parm hoagie! It's that good. Large pieces of breaded chicken, good sauce, and a nice balance of cheese that isn't too overwhelming. Not to mention the large is big enough to feed a few people...or one of me.Fortunately, the pizza is really good, as well. We've only had cheese, and recently tried the white pizza. Is it the best plain cheese pizza in Pittsburgh? Nope (our nod goes to Fiori's), but you're not going to have any complaints. It's very good for your run-of-the-mill pizza place in town, a la Milano's or Parma, and the white pizza was excellent!The other great thing has been the delivery. We seem to get a call from every delivery person - regardless of who we order from - asking about where our place is. Potenza's drivers seem to be the nicest ones we've had to deal with.In short, if you're looking for a pizza joint with consistent quality and service, Potenza is a safe bet...and seriously...best chicken parm hoagie that I've found more recently in Pittsburgh.
2	We ordered a sicilian pizza because we like our pizza thick, however, our pizza was no thicker than a standard round pizza -- very disappointing.  There was hardly any crust also.  I will say the roasted red peppers as a topping were good.  The other thing we didn't like was that it was pretty salty.
1	This place claims to serve kabobs and naan well that is def not the case.  Well let me back up, they do serve it but it is TERRIBLE and EXPENSIVE!  I just ordered a mix grill kabob with a side of naan (or 6" pizza cut in this case!).  The naan was a 6" piece of Pizza dough with some seasoning, didn't taste like anything at all, more dried out and hard from being sent thru the oven.The chicken was probably the best out of the mix grill.  I'd have to say the 3 pieces of 4 beef were the worst.  Dry, nuked, over cooked etc.  I am going to end this review early.  I paid 13.36 for junk, learn from my mistake, save your money.
4	I ordered the mixed grill platter that included beef, kofta, curried chicken, basmati rice, and tzatziki sauce and a tiny dish of peppered salad. The food was so delicious that I was able to finish the entire dish without having to pack any of it, which was pretty remarkable since it was easily more that what I can normally devour in a single meal.The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was that the wait was a little long, but given how good the food was, it's a picky point. Should I come down that way again and be hungry I'll definitely return.
4	To say anything else but delicious about the food here would be a lie.I ordered a smoked turkey wrap and could not have been happier.  Instead of using a tortilla like most places do, they used a pita...a nice fresh pita, yum!  The turkey was moist, bacon was salty, tomatoes were nice sized slices and lettuce was crisp.  What pulled it all together was the honey mustard dressing (packaged, but still good).  Only downside I had with it was that it was to come with a side of cole slaw and a pickle spear.  Pickle spear was lacking and tiny.  Cole slaw was nonexistent.  Maybe next time they will get it right.
4	I really like Potenza. The portions are generous, orders come hot and on time not earlier and in the 2 years I've been ordering from them: they have never made a mistake. Trust me, that's not easy to accomplish with someone who orders like me. I am happy to tip above and beyond, but I want my order exactly as I order it.  The beef ravioli is very good! The sauce isn't anything to write home about, but you can always count on those little pasta's being plump and full of yummy ness! Baklava is AWESOME so sweet and flaky, and always:  generous servings. I think my favorite thing though... is their crab cake balls. Totally indulgent junk food. You green smokers out there? Get on those crab balls! Munchie heaven.  Last thing: They have a lot of coupons: so before you pay full price go see whats being offered.
3	They have a GREAT menu (pizza, gyros, wraps, mexican foods, shish-kabob, ect) It's crazy! &good!!! I looked at the menu for 20min because I couldnt decide! It just kept getting better every section of the menu! :)
1	Ordered delivery of a pizza and a salad last night.  Pizza arrived without the correct toppings.  Salad did not have the correct dressing.  Do they deserve a 1-star rating for a botched delivery order?  Probably not.  We've ordered from Potenza a few times in the past and have been pleased.  However,  I'm sure that establishments like this have a high turnover rate with employees,  so the service and food quality may vary widely over a range of time.   I guess best you can hope for from reviews like this one is to gain an accurate snapshot of the business at a particular point in time.    So, currently,  it is a 1-star.   There is nothing worse than waiting 30-45 minutes for delivery and then the order is wrong.    Calling them back and yelling at them does nobody any good.  Calling and asking them to fix their mistake doesnt work because you are starving and dont want to wait another 30-45 minutes for the corrected order to arrive. So the only thing to do is turn to Yelp and hope you can effect some change that way.I'll probably give Potenza another shot some time in the distant future when I can be reasonably sure that the people who screwed up my order last night no longer work there.
5	it's the Best Pizza) thank you for delivery foods, your delivery is very fast, I like your menu, Pizza with chicken, broccoli, with ranch and mild sauce it's Deluxe, I advise everyone to try this FOOD!) thank you so much Pizza Potenza!
5	Great Pizza the guys here were very nice and I look forward to coming here again. After just moving to shadyside I will be coming here a lot more
