4	Paradise Bakery &Cafe at The Falls at Ocotillo is always -- always -- busy. That's usually a sign of greatness in a restraunt. Unfortunately, in Southwest Chandler, it's more a sign of the dearth of quality eating establishments... but I digress. At Paradise Bakery, all of the menu items are made fresh daily, and it shows. The service is generally good, although sometimes the staff still seems unprepared for the crowds. My favorite menu item is Irish oatmeal served in an oatmeal-cookie bowl. Try it. It's much better than the overrated croissants and muffins.
5	In the grips of a wi-fi withdrawl (while visiting my grandparents in Sun Lakes) I drove through every godless stripmall in the area hoping to find a internet cafe.  I was lured into this wi-fi oasis and have setup my headquarters here.  The tea sucks hard but the cookie aren't bad.  It's a big place that gets really busy around lunch.  5 stars for www dots and for not kicking me out yet.
2	The food is usually good  and most of the staff are friendly.  Had a bad experience with a counter person there once, she was very rude, if you hate your job, you should quit.  But other than that the low-fat raspberry muffins are my fav.  **Update:  Went there today and had their new summer salad.  Might as well have gone to mcdonalds for a salad, not great.  Service was better this time.
4	I go here all the time...and the fire roasted tomato soup is the most amazing thing ever....and I hate soup.  Go figure.  Anywho, the funny thing that happened today made me realize just how ignorant some of the help could be.  I asked the girl at the counter what comes on the Chicken Artichoke Panini Sandwich and she looked at me strangely and said "chicken and artichokes."  Ok, duh!  Anything else?  Like cheese, tomato, dressing?  "Oh, let me ask."  So she asks the guy that makes the sandwiches what comes on it and he said, "um, I have no idea."  Are you kidding me?  So the manager finally came over and told me everything that was on the sandwich.  Thank you smart lady. So, while the service is not the best...the sandwich was amazing.  And I always love my free cookie....
1	Limited choices of breakfast.   And our orders came in cold. They seemed to run out of people to clean the tables.  My friend added that they always run out of coffee.  I mean, it is definitely not place to start your day but a place for emergency.
4	Mmmm - they have a great vegetarian sandwich that I just can't resist!  The bf and I went for lunch on a Sunday and were happily surprised to find that they weren't busy.   The guy taking lunch orders was super friendly, and didn't mind that I'm a picky vegetarian - a big plus in itself!  Always had a positive experience here!
4	I go here often. This is my kind of place for a leisurely coffee and roll. Big, open, airy, warm atmosphere. Only downside is it gets too crowded. So find your own place for coffee, this is mine!
4	The food is amazing. I love the club sandwich. My husband and I go here for the food and the atmosphere. It is quite homey, I dont like coffee but this would be a perfect place to read the paper and sip a cup of Joe. The cookies are the best if they are cooked right. I find that they do not cook them all the way sometimes. Most of the time I have to get something other than the chocolate chip just because I do not like eating dough.
4	I have not tried anything else except the Chicken Walnut Salad Sandwich (and side), which to me is worth the price.  Cookie that comes with it is really good too!
4	One of my 2nd offices. Never disappointed. Employees happy to help. Incredible food. Free wi-fi :) Free refills. Lots of table choices, Ideal location. It's a winner - go there
4	Ate there yesterday, I love the vegetarian sandwich and the cookies can't be beat.  Only complaint is that the system for getting food and then drinks is confusing and not efficient, too many lines. Just doesn't flow well
3	I like to come here for a light breakfast or lunch. I love the soutwest ceasar salad. Also at times, we like to get a few bagels and make sandwiches at home. But dont come past 9am hoping for a bagel that isnt sweet or a good selections of muffins to choose from bc it wont happen. We have tried several times lately, through the week and on the weekend! No choices past 9. And Im not sure what you would order if you went between 10 and 11, they stop serving breakfast at 10, 10 really??? Yep, reallY!
4	I used to go to this Paradise often when we lived in Chandler, especially before the "new" one went up on Germann/Gilbert.  But now -- I'm resorted to only visiting 2x a year when I go for my dentist appts near by. :) Yes, that's right -- I love Paradise's sandwiches and sweets so much, that even after a dentist visit I'm still picking up some sugar. The staff has always been friendly here. And this location has a nice, comfortable feel to it. There even are a few leather sink-in lounge chairs  - - so it's perfect for surfing the internet w/ one of their cookies and some coffee.
4	Love to come here for breakfast & coffee. Had a frozen mocha & shared the breakfast burrito. Very good. It's s great place to go & bring your dog to enjoy the patio with you.
5	I love to come to this restaurant every time I am in rush for lunch. As usual the service crew is giving their out most courtesy which is an A-. I should say it doesn't diminish. Love a roast beef sandwich and their cranberry turkey sandwich. The cookie? hmmm...irresistible. It's a beautiful DAY :)
4	Fantastic place for lunch, food is extremely good...
4	The workers here are SO friendly. The minute you walk in the door you'll here a "Hello, welcome to paradise!" and if you stay to eat/study/chat you'll probably hear it every few seconds.I love coming here to study. They have lots of chairs and booths that welcome it and the staff, of course, does not care how long you sit. Food is decent. There are better bakeries in general but I can say that their cookies and salads are worth trying.
4	So, I've been going to Pardise since it open, what, 7 yrs ago? They have one of the best managers they've ever had, now. Mason, is the best. He's always there when I come in and is the nicest and most helpful manager I've seen EVER. You can tell he's good as all the employere are nice, smiling  and go out of their way to just be pleasant. It's the best feeling to go in here after a hard day at work, so nice!4 stars? - that's Panera's fault. As they now own Paradise, no samples anmore. Health dept. my foot, that's just Panera being cheap. Otherwise, great work, guys - you make it joy to come here!
3	Paradise is a 3 star in my book.They have the SAME salads and sandwiches all the time (I occasionally note they change a bit up, but nothing new to add to the repertoire), so if you eat there often (like I used to!), you get bored quickly.This particular location is decent and clean and fairly quick and friendly and hasn't messed up my orders before, so that's a positive note.Their nutrition online totally sucks and is always down or 'under construction'.  Also, they are a bit tight with their chicken portions and if you do extra chicken to your salad for added protein, it can add up quickly.  Paying $11 for a salad to me is rediculous.. but that's just me.  If I'm paying that much, it better have LOTS of ingredients and be big and of course have a heaping helping of protein (in the form of meat).
5	I hate this Place....Seriously, I can not go here with out a Cookie....Love The Thai Chicken Salad & Tomato soup, That's my go to meal.If you love the Club Sandwich, just have them add cranberry, you'll love me later.This place is awesome.
4	Feels just like the other Paradise Bakeries I've been to. Nice, clean, food tastes the same.
2	Always love a good sandwich and soup, but Paradise Bakery clearly disappoints.  We had the half soup/salad and sandwich.   The French Onion Soup was very average, the  chicken on focaccia was  sub-standard, and was surprised that the focaccia bread was underbaked.  I had the Thai Chicken Salad...which to me was a step up from a McDonalds salad and the Pannini (Cuban) was over done.I have generally had their muffins and baked goods as a take out and they have always been excellent but there are far better places to spend your money on a soup/salad and sandwich.
2	Every time I come to this place, I promise myself that I'm not going to waste my money here anymore. But it's just so darn convenient to where I work and it has wi-fi so I can do schoolwork over my lunchbreak. Pros: Wi-fi. Healthy options. Great cookies. Close to my work (but you don't care about that!) Cons: It's way overpriced. When I first moved to AZ I loved this place because the sandwiches were crazy-huge and the salads were overflowing and they had free cookie samples! It could be because I used to visit a different (Central Phoenix) location, but I think that general management has cut portion size by a LOT. My salads don't even come close to filling up the bowl now, much less to overflowing, and you're lucky if your turkey sandwich has as much meat on it as a Subway sandwich. Also, they're constantly messing up my order. And I'm not talking about picky orders, I'm talking about getting mayo when i ask for none, or being charged for a whole sandwich when I ordered a half because they wrote it down wrong (I order the half and half special!) These aren't big deals really but it's annoying when at least half of the time your order isn't right.I know, I know. I should just stop coming here, right?! But, like I said, it's way too convenient to drive a couple of minutes and get some homework done so I can actually have some free time (what's that?!) in the evenings. If I have extra time to drive to the Wildflower at Chandler Mall, believe me, I do.
2	Wife and i visited this PB last night with some coupons we had for dinner. We arrived there around 7pm. The place had very few people in it which was nice.  We sat down in one of the booths next to another booth that was dirty. The place was dead but none of the employees bothered to come out and clean up the whole time we were there. They had music playing over the speakers and every 4 seconds the music would skip like a broken record. This drove me insane. I got up and went over to the counter and asked the girl cutting meat if they could either fix the music or turn it off. She looked at me like i was crazy or something. One of the other employees came up and i explained to him that the music needed to be fixed or turned off. He said the music has been like that for weeks and it didnt bother him. Well it bothers me and i wont come back there until they fix it. I told him to ask the manager for me to turn the music off or fix it. I sat back down and waited for a manager to come acknowledge us but no one ever came. No one bothered to care. From now on i will be going to the other Paradise Bakery off of Germann street and will never come back to this PB. I am finding a lot of the restaurants close to Sun Lakes area suck!
4	The French toast bagel is delicious! Even when I was trying to avoid ordering a pastry or cookie, I decided on this gem instead. It satisfied my sweet tooth! I like to sit here and get some work done after a snack. I did bring my boyfriend a steak panini and he didn't like it. Not sure what he disliked about it, but at least it came with a cookie!
4	Salads are fresh! I recommend ordering from scratch though. However, if you happen to get there at brunch, you'll have to order a salad off their menu because the line isn't ready for personalized orders.
4	One of the best run Paradise Bakeries I have been to.  They are generally pretty steady, but usually don't have crazy long lines and poor service like some of the other locations in the area.  They do tend to be really busy for brunch though on Sunday mornings when the weather is nice, so avoid it then.Tables are usually bussed quickly, and the staff seems to care more and be more helpful.  Shop is pretty clean.The cookies are delicious!
2	This is not specific to this location.  I am finding all Paradise locations are 2-star.  They aren't BAD, but they aren't really great either.  The staff here was friendly enough, and was even calling some customers by name (I assumed they were regulars).  On this occasion we got bagels, scones and cookies for a meeting.OK...the scones were really good.  I gotta give them credit.  They were very popular at the meeting.  If it was just the scones they'd probably get four stars.The bagels were "just bagels", and they didn't offer us any cream cheese (we made the mistake of assuming it was included, so didn't think to ask for any).  The ones at Einstein Brothers are better, and they include the cream cheese (though you do pay a little more for their "baker's dozen", if you buy the cream cheese at Paradise it's about the same).  We ended up getting cream cheese at Einstein because the Paradise was too far away when we realized the error.  They should have asked if we wanted any at Paradise when we were buying the bagels.  Maybe 2.5 stars for the bagels, but deduct a star for neglecting to mention cream cheese.The cookies taste manufactured.  That's the only way I can express it.  Not like fresh homemade cookies.  Like a machine's interpretation of what a cookie should be.  I am not impressed.  And this isn't the first time.  I think I am done with their cookies.  One star there.So, overall, that's an average of 2 and 1/6 stars.  Or just 2.
1	Stopped in this morning to meet some folks for coffee and it was closed. The lights were off and the sign was off the front. There was no evidence that a Paradise Bakery had ever been there. Unfortunate.
1	As another writer mentioned, we too stopped by this morning to find that this location no longer exists, probably as it has become the new Panera being opened at AZ Ave and Ocotillo, which looks to be soon. Just a surprise to one not tuned in!
