5	Just stopped in for my first Firehouse Sub and I wasn't disappointed. I had the medium pastrami sandwich on white bread. The bread was fresh, a little crispy, and very tasty. The pastrami itself was cut thick and also had a great flavor. They have a hot sauce bar loaded with great, hard-to-find, hot sauces. The only complaint I have is that it does take a little while to get your sandwich, about 10-15 min. Now this certainly didn't ruin the experience for me and to be fair, they were getting slammed with orders. Overall, it is very easy to recommend this sub shop. I'll certainly be coming back...next time for a Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket!
5	Place just opened and I had not ever had it so my husband and I stopped in we shared the meatball dub and the beef and cheddar brisket both were fantastic
3	This location is BRAND new...when you walk in the decor is awesome all set up like a true firehouse. It was our first time trying this chain and I admit it was overwhelming at first. We were greeted right away but when advising it was our first time here nobody made a huge effort to assist in our choices. We were helped by someone named Aubrey who was very SWEET and HELPFUL. Problem is she definitely didn't seem to know what  they did or didn't have in stock. We ordered two kids meals and two adult choices. My Mom got a Italian I believe and I got the Chicken Salad - Chopped Salad. Which threw Aubrey off at first as well but I am trying to stay away from bread. Anyhow long story short they were out of Meatballs for the sub I got my son. Now I realize they are new but I just don't see how they weren't more prepared? The manager was nice enough to offer a refund but i just opted for a ham sub for him. He liked it fine but I can't give this place four of five stars when they ran out of chili and Meatballs. It seems like they weren't prepared for the business and if I was advised BEFORE I paid I would of possibly bumped this up to four stars but over all I wasn't WOWED it just literally was OK. The service was really friendly though and the location nice and clean.
2	I regularly eat at Firehouse by my office for lunch, so was excited to have one open by home. Unfortunately it seems they might be going through some growing pains. Minus one star for putting tomatoes on a sandwich clearly ordered without tomatoes (I checked the receipt & it was noted properly) and minus another for an EXTRAORDINARILY long wait time even though it appeared to be a slow night. I've never had to wait that long at any Firehouse even during a busy peak lunch period. It made no sense to me at all. Lots of chatter behind the counter though - at least the staff seemed to be enjoying themselves at the expense of my time. They also had a comparatively scant hot sauce offering, and what they did have had LOTS of empty bottles. It's all the little things Firehouse does that make it so good, and this location is doing none of them yet. Maybe once they learn how to pay attention to detail and start caring about empty condiment bottles and special orders it will be a real Firehouse subs, but for now it's just another hit & miss sub shop with lackluster service and employees who care more about socializing with one another than doing their jobs. Too bad - I had such high hopes because other Firehouse locations are just superb, but I guess they've had more time to work out their problems. I'll give this location another try in a month or so & see if they get it right then, but they sure aren't now. Oh - and Yelp is wrong on the times they're open too. I know they're open until 10 at least on Saturday, probably Friday and other days too. Yelp lists closing time as 9 across the board.
5	WAY better than Subway.  Just as good as it was 10 yrs ago when we lived in Florida.
3	Really good sandwiches but I don't understand why the long wait to get your food they seem to have plenty of employees working in the back counter plus the real good sandwiches you can only get them medium.
3	This was my first time visiting a Firehouse Subs Restaurant.  We went during the first month of this location's grand opening.  The place was packed but we were able to get our orders surprisingly quick. The cashier was really friendly too. My husband loved his sirachi burger but I was disappointed with the veggie sub. The dressing used in the sub was a bit bitter to the taste. Portions are on the small side and prices ain't cheap either. The custom cola machine was cool though.  My husband is set on coming back but I would probably stick to Subway's veggie subs instead.
5	This was my first time going here and it has ruined all other sub places for me! The Cheddar brisket is so tender and delicious it melts in your mouth. The cashier was very friendly and the rest of the staff were very efficient. I will definitely go back often.
2	The food is fresh! It tastes ok! It's way over priced! Maybe not everything but what I choose to eat is over priced almost 18 bucks for. 2 BLTs which contains lettuce, tomato, and here's my problem......  10 slices (which seems generous) of bacon! But it's the crap pre cooked heat in microwave crap! I ordered extra it was 5 bucks each which brought my order to 28 bucks for 2 sandwich's they have no avocado! Which I could care less about but it makes my wife happy! For 5 bucks 7 bucks with double bacon subway (which I hate for sandwich's ) is the way to go for a amazingly ......... Cheaper but same quality BLT! Why the 2 stars? Well I would give it one, because of the way I was treated at 856 pm the doors were locked! It says open till 9 ! My phone is set by my carrier so I know it was right! The guy sweeping up told "My bad, boss! The 2 very phrases I hate from someone waiting on me! Why 2 stars? The manager there is........ A spunky little fire cracker who is quick with the wit! She remembers me from the 3 or 4 times I was in there and I find that important in a business it's called customer service! And that she has!
5	The service was efficient and friendly.  My sub was super fresh and tasted great!  I will go back.
5	I went for the first time a few days ago and tried the sweet Thai Chili pork sandwich. It was great and I don't think I will be able to pick another sub place other than firehouse from now on. The staff was very friendly and brought the food to my table.  I recommend trying firehouse subs if you haven't yet.
4	After reading the reviews I can't wait to try it. It's my first time, the employees were very helpful and courteous. The place is clean.... I'm very impressed with the Steak & Cheese and will definitely et it again. My husband had the Thai Chili Pork, he said it was satisfactory
4	Firehouse extinguishes poor quality overpriced subs. There is a fire spreading into certain Subways and across certain Port of Subs. It is a fire made up of the elements of too little for too much $. Not all Subways, but certain Subways put too little meat on their heros. And all the Port of Subs I have been to are overpriced. This gets me on fire. But Firehouse Subs has served me quality and delicious subs at decent prices.  When I stepped inside the North Decatur at 215 Firehouse Subs it was my second visit to one of their locations. Months earlier after experiencing the Durango at Warm Springs Firehouse Subs, I was up to visiting this location with my brother. It is a location in the Winco/ Target parking lot. In a way, this is a glorified eatery for Winco and Target. When I walked into Firehouse Subs, I walked into you guess it, a restaurant that resembles a firehouse. This is not a theme restaurant made up at random. In 1994, two former firefighter brothers Robin and Chris Sorensen founded it in Jacksonville, Florida. The restaurant is fairly large with plate glass windows to the left overlooking Decatur Boulevard and a counter to the right for ordering the subs. The employees at the counter were friendly and professional.  The majority of their heros include meats and cheeses and are steamed hot and placed on a toasted bun. The medium subs range from $5.79 to $6.09. An additional $2.29 upgrades it to a medium combo whereas an additional $2.54 upgrades it to a large combo. For the record, I noticed a slight difference between the medium and large combos. Both size combos include a fountain Coke beverage and bag of chips. Firehouse utilizes the new state-of-the-art Coke machines that feature over 100 flavors of Coke. Peach Fanta and Raspberry Coke taste good with a sub. According to Wikipedia,  Firehouse Subs is the first national franchise to utilize the state-of-the-art Coke machines in all franchises. As far as the subs, Firehouses' s selection is smoking. They include the Hook & Ladder, Firehouse Meatball, New York Steamer,  Italian, Firehouse Hero, and Engineer. I ordered the Firehouse Hero. It burns away some of the competitor's heros. The hero was warm and filled with substance. The substance between the buns was USDA Choice roast beef, smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, and provolone.   When certain sub shops that charge high prices for so little gets me on fire, Firehouse extinguishes this bad taste. The deal is there currently only twelve locations in the Las Vegas market. And the deal is I plan to return to one of these locations in the future.
5	The bomb.com!! These subs are deelish!  This place gives Subway a run for their money and I was a big fan of Subway!  Every sandwich that I have tried at Firehouse is perfect!  They have great locations as well all across the Valley and the 3 locations that I have been to have great employees and clean restaurants!!
5	I love sandwiches and this is the place to stop. You need a little extra kick to your sandwich? Add some hot sauce and spice it up.  Never ever been disappointed when I have been here.
1	Tried this place again and frankly it just got worse .. They took a really long time to bring us our food and when it finally came out guess what? My daughters meal was Incorrect even with a receipt that said no cheese and not toasted it comes out toasted ham and cheese with pepperoni so we have to send it back.. I got the mommas homemade chicken salad again but this time as a Sandwich which goes for $6.09. I kid you not it arrived with bright GREEN tomatoes it was so gross I literally couldn't believe it was even worse quality then subway but it mostly seemed like the staff just doesn't care. We came here again to get some food before grocery shopping cause it's never a good idea to shop on a empty stomach but I ended up sending my food back and getting a refund. The one star is for their cookies both the lemon and chocolate chips were winners .. The guy checking us out was really nice but tori and the people making the Food really don't seem to care at all
5	Tried the new hawiian bbq.. Bomb!!And always enjoy the collection of hot sauces. Although this location seemed to have less than other locations I've visited and no extra hot ones lol but still very enjoyable!
2	Terrible customer service each time I've come to this place.  Only gave 2 stars because I like firehouse and my subs are always good but I've never been greeted by employees here when I walk in. Will not return. Subway it is!
4	I have been stopping by here for lunch and like the subs I have had. Inside is very clean and the employees are friendly and say hello when I walk in. They have plenty of tables if you want to eat inside, but I get my food to-go. The meat is sliced fresh and the sandwiches are made to order. Sometimes they can get busy around lunch time and since I'm on a time limit for lunch, I just call in my order for pick up so that it's ready when I arrive. Hook and Ladder - A medium costs $5.99 and includes a pickle. The sub has smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham and monterey jack cheese. I like it "fully involved" which means it comes with deli mustard, mayo, onion, lettuce and tomato. Per my request they leave the lettuce off. The subs are served hot and this sub is my favorite of them all. Usually I don't like deli mustard, but there is something about it on this particular sub that just makes it taste great. Firehouse Meatball - A large costs $8.49 and depending on your appetite could be shared between two people. This sub has Italian meatballs, provolone, marinara and Italian seasonings. I usually order this one "sweet and spicy" which means they add pepper sauce and red pepper flakes. I really like this meatball sub a lot. It's always hot, the bread good, meatballs good, melted cheese good, but..... there is a consistency issue with the taste of the sweet and spicy part. Sometimes it's just right and sometimes they put so much pepper sauce that it's too hot. When this sub is good it's very good, but when it's drenched in pepper sauce it's hard to taste anything else. The medium sub is just perfect for my appetite. If you are the type like my husband who eats 1 footers, you might want to order the large sandwich. They also offer catering.
4	This is a great sandwich shop!Nice take on the traditional sandwich. The dipping sauces are also great. Try the beef brisket and cheddar. You won't be disappointed.
5	Great and very friendly!!  Best subs EVER!!  Always fresh!!  I cannot say enough how they are always smiling and make life easy to order and take home that the family always loves without being normal fried fast food!!
5	I have yet to be disappointed by a meal here! It's one of the few places where the sweet tea tastes authentic and since there are free refills, it's a smorgasbord of beverage for me! I love the brisket sub and would probably try to live on that if the sodium and calorie content wouldn't kill me in less than a month. Yum!
