5	Stopped by last week because I was running very low on e liquid and happened to be in the area and had a very pleasant experience.Staff was very helpful, the woman that helped me was friendly and knowledgeable, me being new to vaping and a little overwhelmed by the options it was in stark contrast to the only other b&m vape shop I've visited.The juices I bought were very good, I was uncertain on what I prefer so she suggested I sit down and give everything I try. I went through 3 flavors and bought 2 of them, dark chocolate and skittles, and both are extremely enjoyable. Strong flavor and very good vapor production. The throat hit wasn't as hard as I had hoped out of my new clearomizer but it was decent dripping. This may be because I stepped down from 24 to 18mgs though.The decor left much to be desired, you can hardly tell it's a place of business. There is a small counter with some stools for tasting liquids, a small display some cartomizers/ clearomizers and a few personal vapors, and a couple of couches.Prices were about what you'd expect from a local shop they wont be competitive with any major online vendors but it's local and I prefer to have my merchandise in hand when I purchase it. They have a frequent customer card to encourage repeat business something along the lines of every 100 dollars spent you get a free bottle of e-liquid.Overall I had great experience and will be back often, I hope they continue to grow and expand their inventory so I can have a one stop shop for all my vaping needs.
5	Stopped in today and tried several juices. They were all excellent, and I had a hard time selecting just a few - I will definitely be back! Good prices and very friendly people. Love being able to try the flavors.
5	Natalie,  Keith,  & Carl, operate a nice clean Vape Shop.  They have a great juice tasting bar and accomodating prices to match.  I've been to other places that make their own juice, but the flavor only lasts between 1 to 3 days at best.  Valor Vapor creates excellent tasting juices with flavors that last longer than the usual norm.  They're also willing to customize the juice to your liking, or to your taste buds.  Will frequent often.
1	Would have loved to try out some juices in this shop, but wasn't able to get past the youngsters hanging out at the taste bar. Might want to consider making room for new customers!
5	Great environment and great people. Carl and Natalie are professional and knowledgeable about their products. I tried their weekly special "Breakfast in Bed" and for me it is like a sweet vanilla/maple desert flavor. I also like how you can choose your VG/PG ratio which a lot of other shops don't offer. If you are in the area I would definitely check them out.
5	Natalie is the best.  She has taken the time to help us find what we need.   She has customized every juice for our taste.  I could go on and on about how great this place is, but you should just check it out yourself.
5	Love this place. Keith said that if I buy 15 juices, he would do a lap around the complex in his undies. And he did! Try it out.
5	Love this place.  Natalie takes the time to aways make us feel welcome and remembers our favorite flavors.
5	Just started vaping....My buddie Abe referred me .So  I stopped by to pick up some juice.I was welcomed by Natalie as soon as I walked in( great to be acknowledged when you walk into a new biz)...I gave her the the 3 flavor juices .She made them right up ..So  she puts out her hand ( WE SHAKE) and ask me my name and welcomes and Thanks me for coming in ( very koo).....Thanks Natalie..You just got yourself a long time customer...Much Aloha!
5	We went here a couple weeks ago(just forgot to leave a review). Great place, great prices! Very welcoming and very knowledgeable! Customer service is everything to me and they have it. I've only been to a few places so far and this place has been my #1. They all have a sense of humor and try very hard to engage in conversation with everyone there, especially new people. Going back today to get some more awesome flavors for some awesome prices! I highly recommend this place to anyone, newbies and experts.
1	This a vape shop hah! If your just starting with kits fine. No quality or high end juices here all homemade. No authentic Mods RDA's RBA's and most of all no brand juices!!! Wont come here agian east valley vapors in mesa is wayyyy better
5	Great custom juices made on the spot to whatever way you like it. The employees are knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Excellent customer service. Special thank you to Kaitlyn for her help with my builds and expertise!
5	These dudes are awesome!! They have a lab in the back to make pretty much anything you want. The staff is friendly!! Nice ambiance and music.
5	Stumbled upon this vape shop completely by accident. Couldn't have been more happy I did!  They make all their juices there and was so happy that they did!  They didn't have my favorite (guava) on their flavor menu, but made it for me right on the spot!  Staff was super friendly and helpful!  Will defiantly be back!!
5	Stop by this vape shop for the first time to pick up some tools and juices. I was blown away with the help that all the staff gave me. I wound up dealing primarily with Emily and she was fantastic. She explained all the different vape tools and juices, how to use them to my best advantage and spent time explaining every aspect of vaping. I ended up buying a nautilus mini tank along with an i leaf battery forsaking the cheaper models , and 3 juices that I picked from the extensive choices of juices at the taste bar. They have a lab in the back where everything is made on site which is great. Now it's a couple days later and I love the products that I bought and Valor vapor and the juices are fantastic. I did a lot of research before I did this and I'm totally ecstatic , that Valor vapor was the right place for me and can be the right place for you too. thanks again to the entire staff and I look forward to doing business with you all in the future. Happy vaping.
