5	My massage therapist, Shanie, recently relocated here from a different business, and I followed her here because her massages are incredibly addicting.  I feel really refreshed after one of her massages.  She always asks beforehand if I have any areas that particularly need more attention during the massage.  I like how she really tailors the massages to my needs because I've never had a massage therapist ask me that before.  Even though it's not billed as an upscale spa, I feel really pampered with hot towels during my massage and a bottle of water after my massage.I really like her new space and I'm always greeted with a cheery welcome and a warm smile.
5	We have both been going to Larry Fafalak for 6 years now and he has been quite a healer for us. He discovered my skin cancer and I had it treated and he has helped my partner who has arthritis. We both think he is a great massage therapist and highly recommend him.
5	I have been going there to see Larry once a month for several years now. I have arthritis in all my joints and he has been able to keep me moving and active. This isn't the type of la-la massage you get at a day spa. It's real therapeutic massage. They deserve 10 out of 10 stars!! The staff is friendly and Larry is amazing. He is well trained and intuitive. He's kind of a cross between physical therapist and masseur. Do it! Do it! Do it!
5	This review is from Bob Z, who was accidentally signed on under Patty!I have been getting deep tissue massages from Larry every two weeks for about 8 years.  Larry is very professional and extremely knowledgeable about his work.  He always takes the time to explain what may be causing any discomfort and works to bring relief.  I have had ankle and hip surgeries and I depend on Larry to keep everything moving.  I always look forward to my massages and I highly recommend Larry.
5	I have been going to Harbor Lake Massage every two weeks for the last 6 months. They are that good. My therapist is Larry and he is terrific. From the first day that we reviewed my injury and my symptoms, through the present he has been able to relieve my back pain/neck pain through our meetings. After every session I feel like I am ultra relaxed, with my back barely aching. He starts the session with a review of your current aches, pains, and worries which I can tell he listens to astutely; for he works out all of those pain/ache points and after words makes sure you are feeling more loose and much better. In addition to the injuries I stated above I am prone to anxiety and stress; Larry has given me tips to relieve these symptoms as well as works on pressure points on my head, chest, and hands that have helped me regulate these feelings of fear and tension. I mention Larry this much because I believe in him as a person and a massage therapist. In addition to Larry I want to mention Lois; she is the partial owner of Harbor Lake Massage and her heart is evident in the business. She is always super nice when I walk in, asking about my life and other discussion points. I gave Harbor Lake Massage a 5 out of 5 because in my opinion they are the cream of the crop. Try them out and you will not regret it. Thank you Larry and Lois for all that you do.Lee.
5	Larry is very professional and has helped through post hip surgery complications. I don't think I 'd have done this well without him. I refer people to him all the time.
5	I have been going to Larry for massages for the past 4 years.  Larry can get the kinks out of my neck and shoulders like no one can.  I've had my c5 and c6 fused, so there is always some tightness and kinks around the neck area.  Larry's magic fingers can somehow work the tiniest little knots out.  And what a wonderful feeling that is...Kink Free.  He can also work on your TMJ problems.  My husband has been visiting Larry for his TMJ problems.  If you dont have TMJ issues, try a facial/sinus massge. It is heavenly.  Got to try him!!
5	I followed my therapist Mindy here and I'm glad I did, very warm space she has there, it's comforting and it's a nice private space. And the massage is always heavenly good! She always focuses on working out my knots by relaxing my muscles with some hot stones, it's a must addition to my massage!
5	I was having elbow pain, and decided to try massage. Not knowing much about it, I called Wendy for an appointment. She took the time to ask very pointed questions, then worked the area until she got to the source. Holy cow does it feel better now! Next up will be shoulders and back, can't wait!
5	Wendy  Nickell, 5 star plus.  Her consultation , customizes your massage, and she then pays attention to details . Also her knowledge of nutrition is great to help support your over all well being .Yes I will be returning to see Wendy
5	I highly recommend Wendy Nickell for Therapeutic Massage as she takes a personal interest in her patients and asks all the right questions to pin point your specific needs not only with muscle & skeletal needs but nutrition as well.   Wendy can assist you with all of your health issues with correct diet & supplements as well as massage.  Call her, you won't regret it.   Personally I had a knee pain issue and through Wendy's nutritional advice and supplement recommendations my knee pain has been alleviated.Ruby Daniels Schmidt
5	Wendy Nickell is a great therapist, If you need a deep tissue or a relaxing massage she can do it all, she has done wonders for me on my hip and lower back pain. If you need advise on nutrition and vitamins she very knowledgeable and if she don't know she will do research and find out. She is a very caring and kind person, If you need a massage Wendy is the one for you.
5	This is a great place to go for a massage. I have been twice now and it was amazing. Went before two endurance events and he helped out so much. I would recommend Wendy to anyone.  Remember to ask for Wendy she is great!  Thanks again!!
5	Carrie Herras is undoubtedly the best massage therapist in town......particularly if you like deep tissue!
