5	There's a reason there's a banner that reads,' Food Network Challenge Winner', hanging in their farmer market booth. I've had Pastry Chef Chris's gingerbread cookies; biscotti; coconut/chocolate cookies; and their carrot cake, and they have all been really, really, reaaaaally good! But today, at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market, I was knocked out by what she calls "Lemon Sunshine."  Words can not describe how delicious their lemon and cream & graham crust tart/pie is.Lemon tarts/pies are among my all time favorite desserts. I thought that the ones I had from TK's bakeries and Veronique Mauclerc were as perfect as a lemon tart/pie could be. Slice Cake Designs Lemon Sunshine pie is dangerously perfect...A must try!!!!!
3	I hired SLiCE to make my wedding Cake in April. It was a 3 tier, red velvet cake with butter cream frosting. I'm not a fan of fondant, so I asked Chef Chris if it would be possible to go without. She had informed my husband and I that because it was an outdoor wedding it had to have it. To my surprise when we walked up to the cake it was butter cream! Chef Chris did an outstanding job on the cake. The Icing was like little cloud of deliciousness :o) The grooms cakes, which was shaped like a football with a cowboys star on it had chocolate fondant. It was also delicious! With cream-cheese filling and custom hand gold design and maroon ribbon, the cake was a hit! the only thing was that the cake was just a little dry, but it was all made up for by the beautiful design! Thanks chef Chris!Ya know going back and looking at the Picts I realize the pattern is very uneven. I guess I was just so overwhelmed I missed it. Oh doesn't matter that cake will never be ever again.
1	Make sure that when you order a cake from this place you get what your ordered. Recently attended a wedding in Tempe whose wedding cake was supplied by Slice. I did not have the heart to tell the young bride that it was THE worst Red Velvet cake I've ever had the misfortune to eat.I happened to be near the cake table when it was brought it and was amazed at how unfriendly and dour the "cake chef" was. She was not very positive or outgoing and I truly hope she is NOT the face of this company. Maybe she doesn't think she needs the business but you never know who you will meet, especially at a wedding and it might behoove you to be nice to the folks who may be your potential next customer. Fast forward to the cake, it had a gold fleur-de-lis design which was uneven, double shaded and blotchy. It looked as though someone's hands were shaking when they stenciled the design on and they didn't have time or common sense to re do. I am not a cake decorator, but shouldn't the designs be crisp, and smudge free?All of that might be forgiven if the cake was good but it was NOT. I am surprised to read that this joint is a "Food Network Challenge Winner." I've eaten at many places that sport this sign but have to tell you that IMHO many times that seems to be the death toll for these companies. Maybe the fame goes to their head, maybe they can't handle all the business that comes their way but perhaps Slice should retire the banner for awhile.The cake was horribly dry, tasteless and just plain old sad. As the other reviewer said, how you can f$ck up a red velvet cake so badly is beyond me. I swear the red velvet from Costco is 1000 times better and no, I don't work for them. Many people left their cake on the plate, maybe it's time to go back and recheck your recipe or maybe not make the cake so far ahead of time that it's dryer than Death Valley. :o/ Yuck. Double yuck. One star for yuck.
5	I've now ordered three cakes from Chris in the last year....and she's outdone herself with each cake!!First, she did an amazing replica from a photo I sent of a three tier cake for my mom's 60th birthday, with fresh cherry filling! We are STILL getting compliments eight months later! Second, she made a Nebraska and Cardinals football cake for my boyfriend's birthday, complete with both team's logos perfectly created in sugar on the top of the cake! There was also a football made of cake sitting on top, with such amazing detail!! It was hand carved!! Everyone fought over who got to take it home. I was shocked that the carrot cake inside the football was as deliciious as the rest of the cake!! And lastly, for my brother-in-law's 40th bday, she did the most beautiful 4-0 with the Ferrari logo as the decor on the cake...it was above and beyond my sister and I's expectations! She's so creative! And I love that she's willing to either duplicate what I send, or take an idea and run with it! We've ordered a different flavor of cake each time (vanilla w/cherry filling, carrot cake/w cream cheese filling, and chocolate w/fresh strawberries) and we're all arguing over who had the best flavor! Chris is our one and only stop for all of our special event cake needs! Thank you Chris for making our special occasions more personal and exciting than we could have asked for! You're the best!!
5	We got our wedding cake form Slice in May of 2010 and it was amazing!!! Chef Chris even came to our home with mini cakes of different flavors so we could pick our favorite. I told her to bring a more traditional white chocolate rasberry for me to try and my wife picked a key lime cake. I thought she was crazy, but of course, she was right! It was delicious!!!! Everyone at the wedding said it was hands down the best wedding cake they had ever had. I would reccomend her to anyone. Give her a try. You won't be disappointed. I still crave that key lime cake all the time... :o)
