5	Best delivery Chinese ever!!! I freaking love this place.  I ordered it New Years Day and I think it might be a tradition now- great hangover food.  I've been ordering from them for a while and have never been disappointed, they are consistent and quick.  The only thing is, I have never actually been to the place, so I have no clue what it looks like.  I love it so much that now I am afraid to ever go there, so I just keep ordering delivery.  Better to enjoy my food and not think about where it comes from at this point. As for the food, my favorites are:Honey Garlic ChickenLow Mein with ChickenThe ScallopsMu Shu ChickenThe Eggrolls- there's a hint of something sweet like brown sugar, not sure what it is, but it's good!Some kinda seafood mix- can't remember the nameYou know what?  Everything is good.  This is seriously the best Chinese I've had in the valley.
4	This place makes really great Chinese food.  So good, in fact that we drive from Desert Ridge over to where they are and get take out.We ordered the first time and asked for delivery and they agreed.  But none of us knew where the other was -- it took the poor guy 40 minutes to deliver it to us and he just kept apologizing.  Dude - our fault for sure!Their Moo Shoo Pork is to die for and their fried rice is fresh and yummy.  When I tell you we order $75 in Chinese take-out, you can imagine how much food that it.  We've had their honey Garlic Chicken, Almond Chicken, Beef Lo Mein (a total fav), both pork and beef fried rice, and the soups.  One thing we had that we weren't nuts about was the orange beef, not bad, just didn't love it.   As for appetizers, we LOVE their crab puffs - and i want some now as I'm typing.  Had the egg roll, and eh, it was just an eggroll.I would definitely recommend New Asian Kitchen to anyone who likes fresh and tastey Chinese food.  I keep telling them they should open up a location in Desert Ridge - heck, we'd probably keep them in business all by ourselves!
5	This is my go-to chinese place when I get a craving. I've been ordering from there for about 3 years now and have yet to be disappointed. They recently redid their menu and added a whole bunch of new items, they also raised their prices a bit, but it's totally worth it.I've tried tons of different things from this place, to make a small list:Pot StickersBBQ PorkBeef Chow Fun (KILLER!)Chicken Corn Soup (really good)Egg Drop SoupHouse Wor Wonton Soup (I'm pretty sure this is the one that had gigantor shrimp in it, which is great if you love shrimp, unfortunately I'm anti seafood)Beef With BroccoliGeneral Tso's ChickenSweet & Sour ChickenLemon Chicken (yummy!)Twice cooked chicken (meh...)Sesame Chicken (one of my favs, has a honey-ish perfect sauce)Pork Lo Mein...and on and onLike I said, I've never really been disappointed, and for the money it's a lot of food. I've never actually eaten in the restaurant, but it looks clean, nice. The people I always pick up the order from are really nice. Overall, a great place to get takeout from! :)
4	Yes, this is a good, even very good place.I found it and went there because of Yelp and the reviews here.I wanted won ton soup and shrimp lo mein last night, so I decided then to find a good, classic Chinese restaurant out here in northwest (sort-of) Phoenix.I loved the Wor Won Ton Soup.  However, New Asian Kitchen is only getting four stars (not five stars) because the Shrimp Lo Mein I ordered was on the sticky side and not dry enough (as compared to many of the other Chinese restaurants I've patronized).  I may upgrade my assessment if I am later impressed by other offerings.However, my initial assessment stands, at this point: it's a very good place.
4	I'm not a big fan of beef chinese dishes, but their Beef with broccoli is truly awesome! I liked it so much, that I had it 3 days in  row for lunch. Even better than going to the Chinese Cultural Center restaurants, more affordable and tastier! Lunch specials are affordable as are the dinner combos.My personal list:Beef with broccoli - AWESOME!Lemon chicken - yum!Moo Shu pork - another of my personal favesSesame ChickenBBQ Pork  Fried Shrimp - mmm, try mixing ketchup into soy sauce for dip.Crab puffsPork fried riceHoney Garlic ChickenSweet n sour porkI don't care for the egg rolls (however, my son LOVES them) or pot stickers (deep fried rather than steamed with oil). I wasn't impressed with the egg flower or hot and sour soup. I work close by and their delivery service has been primo. On time and food is hot! Their staff is friendly and very helpful. Everyone I have introduced to this restaurant has been very pleased. I sincerely recommend this place.
5	Day: SaturdayTime: 11am ishHungry: Hell yeahI look through my Yelp bookmarks and BAM there is is N.A.K starring me down like a Samurai Warrior before a battle. I had to go. NAK is only a few miles from my house and I have never been there?? Why you ask? Because it looks like every other crappy hole in the wall Chinese place. I was the only patron in the place, there was a girl plucking the stem and ends off of the snap peas, and a few in the kitchen. She gave me a menus and it is just about the same as the other places, but something seemed a little different. There seemed to be a few added items.... I was determined to find something different.  I had a "lunch" special with soup (hot and sour) egg roll, crab puff, fried rice and the main dish. The soup was really good, it had a little kick to it too. The crab puff was the first thing I ate. It was great. The egg roll was standard fare egg roll, nothing stood out and was the only part of the meal I could go without. The rice was not the normal fried rice it seemed to have a wonderful garlic flavor. The main dish was tender chicken (breast) served it a brown spicy sauce with shredded carrots, onion, bamboo and green pepper chunks. The menu said it was a spicy dish but I think they toned it down since I had asked how spicy....lol. It could have had more heat. The food was really really good. The service was 100%. the price... oh the price... it was like $5 bucks for all that food. Seriously the lunch special is a dinner portion. I will be back to try a few other things. I might have to do a family night here, so I can try several dishes at a time. :)
5	I brought the family to share in my delight this time. We ordered the "Fam-a-ree" special. Egg drop soup. Good, but have you ever really had bad soup? Won-tons. I could go with out Crab puff. I heard they could be a dessert they are so good. Egg Roll. Better this time to me Chicken lomein. boring but good Honey Chicken. good Beef and Broccoli. Really good Sweet and Sour pork. Eh it was OK Cashew Chicken. Really good Fried Rice and White rice both good. Needless to say we came home with a ton of leftovers.
4	I feel so bad...I usually order PONG PONG but I thought I would try something new. I cheated. And it was like each has good qualities and bad ones. And now I am in a love triangle...blah.I really like the veggies!!!! and the chicken quality is better.but the fried rice and the egg drop was on the salty side.the Mushus were even....they tasted equally good.MMMM the cashew chicken and MaPoTOFU soooooooo good :)My opinion is mostly based on veggies and rice quality so It is a tie. I will just have to alternate between the two till i decide? Oh look at me being naughty lol
4	This place was recommended by a co-worker when first moved to Phoenix. At one point I was going there 2 times a week. Food is EXCELLENT considering the prices. It's inexpensive, quick, and delicious.I recommend the ASU Devil Chicken... Their stir fried veggies are good too. I have not had anything that was not good. Their crab puffs are really good. A bit on the sweet side but I am not complaining.
4	We love New Asian Kitchen! The food is always fresh and delicious. I personally love the cashew chicken but I have tried other things and they are wonderful too. We ordered our food and 15 minutes later it was at our house! You could tell that they just made it because it was so hot that we had to wait a minute for it to cool to eat it! I definitely recommend it!
3	I'm a little blown away that this restaurant is rated so high. The food is good, the prices are fair, and the service was ignorable. It's just your regular run of the mill, hole in the wall chinese joint. No crazy special dishes or anything unexpected. I know it isn't stricly chinese but this place doesn't hold a candle to a Pei-Wei. I got the house lo mein and the Mongolian beef. Not bad but not great.
2	I was in the mood for Chinese food and this place was on my radar.  I really wanted to like this place, but it failed in almost every aspect.  This is my first two star review as I give almost every restaurant the benefit of the doubt and acknowledge that they must be doing something right to stay in business.Upon waking in I didn't know if I should seat myself or wait to be seated.  No one approached me immediately, but I patiently waited for someone to greet me and be seated.  I really should have turned around at that moment, but decided to give it a shot.  I ordered a meal that came with a soupy/slurpee/sludgy egg drop soup, soggy cream puff, decent egg roll, boring brown rice, and flavorless kung pao entree.  Really was some of the worst Chinese food I've ever had.During my meal I noticed the servers were unprofessionaly lounging at a table that had a bag of half eaten doritos.  Texting on their phone, and not paying attention to the customers.  The place is dirty and has clutter near the kitchen.  My advice is to clean up a little of that clutter and shut the door to the not so nice looking kitchen.  I'm sad to have to write such a poor review, but I'm only stating the facts.  I may be back, but it will be quite some time before I decide so.
4	We have eaten at this restaurant several times now. They serve sweet corn chicken soup -- a family favorite. Everything we order has been great. Most people like to pick up, however, the ambience is all right so dining in is a good idea as well. A hidden gem in the area.
3	We like this place for delivery.  They are quick, friendly, and affordable.  We like the chicken lo mein and the chicken with broccoli.  They use white meat and the sauces and veggies taste fresh and hot upon delivery.  They put lots of veggies in the lo mein.  My husband has had a couple of other dishes and enjoyed them, I think he likes the sweet and sour chicken and egg rolls.  We've never been to the restaurant, only had delivery.
4	when we want chinese this is the place..we have never been disappointed..we have it delivered and the drivers are always friendly and the food is hot and delivered fast...have recommended to friends that have enjoyed as well.
4	I LOVE love LOVE this PLACE! (how often do I even like a place?)I drive by at least 3 other Chinese Places that are closer to me to come here because the food is just SO MUCH BETTER the food is very flavorful fresh and packed with vegetables never too salty or oily . This is the only place out of  the 4 near me that makes any meal I order really delicious. So far after maybe a half dozen visits I have not been disappointed with any order .I haven't tried everything but meals that I have tried and can recommend are Chop Suey , Szechan , Dry Sauteed Beef Chow Fun and Yui Shan Eggplant these are all really great ! My favorite is the Szechan Chicken that explodes with great layers of flavors in your mouth  and is also loaded up with a great mix of fancy vegetables too this one dish is 5 stars . I haven't tried anything fried here so far so those dishes you will have to find out .You do need to know this place is located in an older strip mall and might be considered a dive with one booth held together with much duct tape . It might be a dive but the food is DELICIOUS so it's worth the drive!
5	THE only go-to Chinese place in the valley.  Really, everything thing about this place is wonderful. Every bit, of every chicken dish I have had here has been tender white and the good parts of the dark meat and so fresh the little boxes will honestly get a little too hot to handle at first.  The rice is always fresh tasting and stores so well, its unbelievable. The people are friendly and we (the wife and I) have never once been disappointed.Love ^_^
2	Basic Chinese food nothing special.   I've had better (see my reviews).Sorry will not be back.
4	Did you know that Dry Sauteed Beef Chow Fun is a major test for chefs in Cantonese Cooking ? This is not the easiest dish to prepare and requires some skill . New Asian Kitchen makes this dish and it is delicious , it includes tender beef , bean sprouts , onions , snow peas and wide rice noodles . I think the portion is large and two people can share it for dinner. (we did last night)My favorite meal here is the Szechan Chicken and I usually order that all the time but have had other dishes that were all good.slight update Feb-6-12 NEW AND PRETTY DECOR
5	Just had delivery for 1st time yesterday and I was so happy to finally find a Chinese restaurant in the area that was good.  I have tried several over the years and usually they are way to greasy, chewy or bland.I had the Mongolian beef and I really liked it.  I had the lunch special, good price, so I also had their egg roll and crab puff.  It was all really good.  Our office ordered so we received free pot stickers with the larger order, we all enjoyed them.I will be calling them again and trying different items on the menu.
4	went there based on recommendations by YELP.  It was very good, especially for AZ.  We had the combination fried rice (very good), beef chow fun (very good), ya-shu chicken - good but a little sweet, hot and sour soup (very good), and dumpling (good, but deep fried).  I am chinese and from Boston, and use to eating in Chinatowns.  We have been looking for decent chinese food since we moved here.  This is the best we have found so far.  Prices are very reasonable.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	We order delivery  from NAK approximately once a week.  It is always consistently good.  Our favorites are the sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken, general Tao chicken and the lomein.    Whenever I am sick, they make me a "special" soup which is the egg drop with wonton.  There is something about that soup that has healing qualities!   The food is always fresh and the delivery guys are great!!!
5	They have recently renovated! I have been going here for years and I consider it the best Chinese place I have found in Phoenix, hands down. I'm excited about the renovation because it's actually very nice to sit down in now. Very clean, consistently good food with great flavor. I never feel bogged down after eating here. The service is very friendly. They have a really nice menu with a ton of different plates that are all under 10$. Most of them start at 6.95 which is dirt cheap for the quality and quantity of the food you get. I love the pork fried rice, Snow pea pork, garlic chicken, chicken and broccoli, kung pao beef/chicken, and crab rangoons. They also have free delivery. Yum!
4	This Chinese is the best that I've found in this area and I have close to a half dozen places that are closer but non of them have make food so tasty flavorful and fresh like New Asian Kitchen always does. Last night I had my favorite the Szechuan Chicken it was great like it always is. My husband had a cup of House Wor Wonton Soup and the Kung Pao Delight.The bill including two drinks was only ONLY $22.85 before tax and tip.They remodeled and are modern and clean looking.
3	Not bad. My parents used to own this restaurant, and I would say that not much has changed in the past 6 years since they sold it. The place has been remodeled and they have made improvements. Recently they expanded their delivery space which is great for me. I would, however, suggest their dinner as opposed to their lunch. The lunch that I have gotten the past three times or so has been over salty and sometimes just not as good. Their dinner however and their chef specialties is what would make me come back time and time again. Their specialties are super difficult to find anywhere else in Arizona, especially for the price that they sell it at, so I would definitely suggest it. The lunch is not bad for the price, but being chinese and as a foodie, I would say that for two bucks more, just go to Panda Express. Go for the dinner.
4	Love this place.  The deliveries are always CRAZY quick, the food is hot & fresh. Generally I get the Veggie fried Rice- has a TON of broccoli and other veggies in it, not all bamboo shoots and water chestnuts like some of the "other" joints in the area. My kids love the orange chicken, or chicken fried rice, and the hubby is a huge fan of the house chicken.  You get a TON of food, and the prices are very reasonable.
4	You're tired. It was a long day at work and you forgot to start the dishwasher this morning. You dig into your wallet and find a $20 bill. Can you feed three people for that without "driving thru" some fast food joint?Yeah, you can. And you'll have leftovers, too.Order the "dinner for 3" and you will bring home egg drop soup, fried wontons, eggrolls, moo goo gai pan, sweet & sour pork and beef with broccoli for everyone's face. If you want to modify the beef with broccoli to, say, Mongolian beef, that's a dollar more. Your dinner comes with all the soy sauce/hot mustard/sweet & sour/duck sauce that you'll need and a big ass egg-fried rice. Carry it home in the handy box they provide for you (no spilling) and enjoy.
3	As decent Chinese delivery options seem to be sparse for those of us who live North of the 101, this place is pretty good. Ordered four different spicy dishes, though not as spicy as I or anyone else who was eating with me wanted, all the dishes had a good flavor. Nothing was over salted, the meat was a decent quality and unlike other places I've eaten and wasn't all fat and gristle. They also get extra points for not using that red sickly sweet, sweet and sour sauce. It was light pink and still a bit sweeter than I liked, but it was tolerable. The rice we had was a bit overcooked, but still for the price, quality, and quantity it's a great option for those of us in the North Valley and find it too hot to go out of the house or cook.
5	My daughter and I had food delivered yesterday. O my goodness everything we ordered came hot and freshly prepared. My favorite was the Crab Puffs and the Sweet and Sour Chicken. My daughter loved her Fried Shrimp and Sweet and Sour Chicken. The portions were big enough that we shared with my 2 boys when they got home. I had the Combination Dinner, it was a lot of food. My daughter had Chicken, Rice, and Shrimp. Will definitely be ordering front them again. Also they were very friendly. Even answered questions we had about a different dish.
2	I was craving Chinese for lunch at work and a friend and I went at the recommendation of another coworker to try this place out.  The business was clean and service was good.  The value was good as well as I had the lunch special which came with Egg Drop Soup which was the best item I had, Rice, Crab Puff, Egg Roll (pretty bad one), and my entree which was the twice cooked chicken.  All I can say of my entree was HOLY SALT.  I think they put a whole jar of MSG in there.  I did try my friends dish and it was decent, but overall nothing I will make a trip back for.
4	We've lived in this area for two years now and have tried several of the Chinese restaurants.  Tonight we tried New Asian Kitchen for the first time and we definitely have a winner!!  It's the freshest Chinese food I've seen or had in ages!  We had three different entrees; Mushroom Chicken, Orange Chicken and General Tso's Chicken.  Each were delicious, fresh, generously portioned and very affordable.  The food was even delivered in a nice, clean and branded delivery box. When have you ever seen that?New Asian Kitchen is our new fave!
1	Yelpers, you let me down...I have been searching for good chinese, saw these reviews and decided to check it out. My girlfriend and I were literally the only people in the restaurant at 6pm on a week day. Not a single person came or left the 30 minutes we were there. I ordered a spicy chicken dish, asked no soy to be on it. Waitress confirmed, "no soy, only spicy sauce" and it was brought out at a spicy level of 0. Sigh. Half the reason I wanted asian food was for the spice. But I tried to eat it anyway.However the chicken was like gum. I literally chewed my first piece for about 2 minutes... I wanted to spit it out. Not to mention there were only about 7 pieces of chicken on the entire plate. I took about 5 bites and decided I was done. Ended up driving through taco bell on the way home, very irritated. Also, they decided not to turn on the heat when it's about 30 degrees outside. It was barely warmer inside than out, and all the staff were wearing thick jackets. Just, what?... cmon. Absolutely will not be back.
3	This is my go-to take out place for Chinese. I wouldn't say there is anything in particular that stands out at this place but it's just good all-around food. I've ordered several items from the menu; teriyaki combo, chicken lo-mein, pu-pu platter and kung pow chicken. They also deliver to our place that is slightly out of the delivery range and only charge $2 extra - not bad I think for the convienience.They have also always delivered what I ordered and in the time frame they specified.
5	I don't know if this place change ownership, or if some of these yahoos have selected the wrong location for the review. this is one of the best small and independent fast food chinese food restaurants in Phoenix.  I and my family and friends are regulars. it is ridiculous that some people believe that they are able to assess a place in a single visit just because it wasn't perfect.they are friendly, the food and vegetables are fresh and hot, and the prices are great. want-to-be food critics need to realize that no restaurant or magazine or television food critic evaluates a place good or bad in only one visit. this is a five star place for the type of restaurant it is.. I encourage anyone who has only had one visit, especially if it was two or more years ago, to either revisit or I hope that the intelligence of the reader is able to discern the difference. I love new Asia kitchen
5	I agree with Ryan C on this one. New Asian Kitchen is the best small and independent fast food Chinese of it's kind in the area. Nobody in a several mile radius makes Chinese Food as tasty. Food packed with lots of fresh vegetables and great flavors. They even make the very hard to make Cantonese Dry Sauteed Beef Chow Fun that's considered a major test for Cantonese Chefs for cooking and their version is very good indeed and you will not see that dish at most places I note. My personal favorites are the Szechuan Chicken, the  Curry Chicken and the Yui Shan Eggplant. Lately they don't make these dishes as spicy as they use to make them but they are so flavorful it doesn't matter. The people that own the place are very nice and they will make anything within reason for you.I have at least a half dozen places that are closer that aren't nearly as good.This place isn't fancy  at all but it seems clean and is very reasonably priced.
1	OMG!  The worst Chinese take out in town.  I ordered Sun Devil Chicken & Chicken lo mien.  Well the chicken was chewy.  Icky.v In fact I gagged.  Its was liked rubber.  My daughters also thought the chicken was nasty.  Never again.  Eww!
5	Fantastic food, quick service and ridiculous portions. This place is absolutely fantastic and worth the drive up from Tempe.
3	Great little place for dine in or take out we have tried both, everything was fresh and seasoned well, not overly salty. Great service.
5	So glad to of found our new go to Chinese restaurant. Everything was AMAZING. We got egg drop soup, crab puffs, general tsao chicken, curry chicken, & noodles. Not a single complaint. We ate there, but next time will get it delivered. I overheard another guest in the restaurant saying "we just drove across town to eat here again." HUGE portion sizes. We can't wait to order again!
4	Love and miss this place. A hit and miss at times, I guess that depends on the cook but most of the time you can taste the love in the food. They are fast when they deliver, "GREAT" wor wonton soup or as my friend calls it "kitchen sink soup" cause it has it all in there every meat and veggie a winter must have. The pineapple chicken is bomb. Great pork fried rice and fried shrimp! yum!
4	we have gone to many places, but we always come back here ,food is always fresh and really good,my wifes favorite is the kung poa chicken, and by far they have the best hot and sour soup any where, all i can say is try it you will like it,
5	I love this place! We ordered lemon chicken, vegetable fried rice, crab puffs, and egg drop soup. Everything was so good. The crab puffs were the best I've had, and the fried rice was amazing, with lots of fresh vegetables. The chicken was tender and the lemon was just right,  not too overpowering. We got this to go and it was ready in 10 minutes - can't beat that for fresh, homemade food. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I always try different dishes and they all are very good. Their Mongolian Beef is the best I have had in Phoenix! Their House Chicken is always the same! Excellent! I always have it delivered and the driver is always very courteous.
5	I had the Mongolian Beef Lunch Special with steamed rice instead of fried rice when I was in there yesterday. Wow. By FAR the BEST Chinese food that I've had since moving here. Egg roll and crab puff were fantastic also. I've tried 4 or 5 other Chinese restaurants since I've been here and so far New Asian Kitchen is the clear winner. The dining area was clean and server was attentive, but not annoying.
5	Recently moved to the neighborhood and have been to this place several times now - it's that good!  LOVE everything we've tried so far, so much better than other places we've been to, they are very attentive, good service, very friendly and most importantly food is great and served quickly.  BEST Chinese food I've had in a long time!
5	It can be hard to find a good Chinese restaurant, and after moving out to Arizona from the other side of the country, I was a little afraid of trying out a new place to get my Chinese food from, but this one was pretty awesome! The food was delicious, and the restaurant was clean. The waitress was really nice and attentive. Really on top of her game, offering refills when they were needed. I'd highly recommend checking it out!
5	We tried this place for the first time tonight. It was great! I had chicken lo mein and my husband had the combination fried rice. The veggies in our food were super fresh! I loved the lo mein. It had squash, mushrooms, & bean sprouts in it. The shrimp in my husbands rice were huge! Overall the food was great and service was very friendly. We can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
5	Food is very fresh and amazing! Very clean, friendly staff, and affordable. Very glad we happened upon this place, the beef chow fun is great! We will be back!
2	Order each course one at a time. Right now we've got apps, soup and entrees - too fast!I wanted to give them a higher score because they seem to try to run a good, tight ship.  The only problem with that is the food is a little on the bland side.  For instance, the "Hot and Sour" soup was the correct temp, however it lacked any "zing" to the soup.  Had a touch of heat, but you also need the sour.  The meal my wife had was the Egg Foo Young and it looked good, however once again it was a little on the bland side.My meal was Pork Fried Rice - which is something I do at Chinese restaurants that I have never been to.  It was cooked properly, had good hot temperature, but ultimately unsatisfying.  The highlight of our meal was the Potstickers with dipping sauce.  These were pretty good, however I prefer them steamed to fried.  Having said that, even though they were fried, they lacked any semblance of "toasting" or browning color, which seems odd to me.  All in all, a nice place I wouldn't mind going again, but I won't seek it out.
4	I am so pleased that I followed the Yelp reviews and tried this gem of Asian Culinary Delights!  Large portions (which I didn't need) and good taste.  Prices just right too.  The Dry Rub Beef Chow Fun was very tasty and had wide flat noodles with just the right amount of sauce and beef strips with onions and peppers.  The Won Ton soup was also tasty with all kinds of meat and noodles swimming around in a light broth.  The restaurant itself was very clean and neatly setup.  I carried out but did wait a few minutes for my order so I was able to observe others eating.  The server was attentive and friendly to the customers and also me.  All my food tasted fresh and very hot.  I'll go back again next week when I return to Glendale!!  And they accept all major credit cards definitely a plus for me since my employer uses AMEX and many Asian restaurants don't take it.Thanks Yelp!
2	Not So Good.I really hate to give restaurant a less then favorable review.  Especially when the reviews are really good.  So lets start off on a positive note.  The staff New Asian Kitchen are friendly and very accommodating.   The service is fast and the prices are reasonable.However, The food just wasn't that good. The pork and  chicken lo mein was very greasy and tasteless. The  vegetables were overcooked and soggy. The egg roll was cooked nicely, but just didn't have a good flavor.  The same could be said about the won tons and crab puffs.   I cannot  give New Asian Kitchen a good recommendation but in a pinch, you could do worse.
4	Wow! I know this place has been there for awhile but we always stuck to the usual place we get delivery from. Gonna have to change places now. Food is great, better selection.
4	I ordered the lunch beef and broccoli and it was very tasty. It came with rice, crab puff and an egg roll. I also ordered an order of crab puffs which were really good and they gave me a good amount. They delivered my food fast and hot. The portions were more than enough and the price wasn't too bad at all either. All in all I have to say I will be ordering from this place again. My first experience with them was pleasant and very satisfactory so I suggest this place if you want quick Chinese take out.
3	Pretty Ok food. I ordered Kung Pao chicken, it really didnt have that much chicken but it had a great flavor. Also order Egg fried rice and that was good too.
1	Warning, the food tasted rewarmed and old.  The fried rice was brown,  dry with no sign of egg or anything else that may have helped identify this as an authentic Chinese food.  If you want Chinese food and this is the only place open,  keep driving. That is honestly how all four of us felt after dining here.
5	This place is a family favorite! Very nice and clean! The food is all great! All there me ur items are great! Very goooooooooooooood food! ABACC,LLC endorses this great place! Come eat here!!!!!!A quick note for those of you that complain. If you have an issue talk to them they are more then welcome to fix any situation. Stop hiding behind the Internet and solve the situation first hand. The owners are there with open arms to solve any uncertain difficulties you may have. Also, just speak up they will hear you out. Have a good one and hope this helps enjoy good eatings!
