5	OK. This is the one for me. This is a massage clinic that isn't stupid expensive($45) and specializes in near-masochist massage, which is what I need. Gentle stroking and kneading just frustrates me and makes me more tense. These women have elbows of stone and iron thumbs. I imagine if you are a puss they can back it off, but they do not tickle you for an hour and call it therapeutic. You are gonna release some toxins, man, so drink your water. The best part is, if you have a specific area that needs attention and you want them to just concentrate on that area for the full period of time, they will. I have been in a couple of pretty bad car wrecks, and my left shoulder is screwed up. They will work on just those knots if that's what I want....and that's what I want.
4	Myoworks is my preferred place to get a massage.  Although I believe the therapist that I regularly request has moved on. I've been going here since 2005 and used to go at least once a month.I usually call in the day of to come in, and I love that most of the time they are able to accommodate me.  The place is clean and has a relaxing atmosphere.  The price is reasonable, and they offer other spa services.  My massages usually includes hot stone, but I guess it depends on the therapist. I receive their email specials, and they do a lot of combo services for holidays. I've also purchased gift certificates here as well.www.myoworksvegas.com
4	This place is located in a business plaza with these other medical offices. I was kind of put off by the location. The studio was a little austere. But sign in and you can go back to the lounge and kick it. The lounge only has four chairs. They also serve tea. Whatever. I was there for a massage. Not tea. Part of the etiquette is you have to be there 15 minutes early. We got there 15 minutes early. And for 15 minutes, I sat with bated breath waiting for my damn massage. I was ready for this all day. My bf and I booked a couples (side by side) massage only a day ahead. It was no problem getting an appointment for the time we requested. They hold your credit card info just in case you don't show up or you cancel less than 24 hours ahead of time. Our couples massage was $65 a head or $130 for the two of us. Its basically a combo (Swedish + deep tissue + hot stone). If you were to get the same massage package, but just for one person, it would be $55 a head ... Yeah, I don't really need to be next to my bf during a massage. If I can save $10. My masseuse was awesome. Great bedside manner. Great technique. Great pressure. Great routine. She was good enough to go back and ask for again. I'm not telling you her name. She's mine. * off the strip, non-casino
4	You can't beat the prices at this place. I had a 60 min combination massage (deep tissue, swedish and hot stone) and paid $40 bucks. The deep tissue part hurt like hell, but I suppose that's the purpose, right? I also had my eyebrows done on a whim afterwards and the chick did a great job. Its not like a day spa or anything, but the prices are awesome.
4	Sign up for their newsletters. Their specials are no joke, man. Last week I got a 60-minute massage PLUS a free foot treatment for $40. What?! Yeah. The foot treatment was no more than 10 minutes, but still the 60-minute massage alone is worth the $40. The foot treatment happens right after the massage. You're still in the same room, on the same table. I got a Sugar Kiss treatment (it was around Valentine's day), so he pretty much gave me a lubed up sugar foot rub and then wiped off the sugar after. The foot treatments change all the time. Sometimes coconut, sometimes jizz. Just kidding. So iono if they have like only entry level masseurs, but my guy last time was decent. I got no complaints. (Plus when you review day spas, salons, or any biz where you work with one technician, you gotta be careful to review the biz, not the technician. But my guy was good. Just sayin'.) All of the employees I've encountered are warm and friendly. Some of the other customers seemed to have a real intimate rapport with the employees. Parking is never a problem. When you book your appointment, make sure you mention the email special. Some of the other emails specials are like a 60-minute facial with free add-on (giggle). I'ma start making massages a regular thang suckas! Sorry, I'm kinda hyped ...
1	I used to go here all the time, loved them! Great price for a great massage. I got at least an email a week from them with great deals. So on Valentines day my boyfriend bought me $100 gift card, Sweet! However a month or so after... Guess what?? They Closed and went out of bussiness! No courtesy email to say... hey we are going to be closing, they could send out emails every week when things where good but no warning that they where closing! Them to make it even better, they gave two of their employees their whole email address book to get bussiness to them! So they could do all that but not give notice that they where going to close or give $ back for un-used GC! I am very dissapointed to say the least! Out my massage and out $100! I feel like we where robbed!
