4	Authentic Chinese at a reasonable price. In terms of location, it's about as good as it gets in proximity of UW. The best dish there by far is the Xinjiang Chicken with Rice Noodles. The warm noodles are slathered with a generous helping of spicy chicken chunks and hot peppers and even the regular size is more than enough for dinner and leftovers for the next day. I've also had the fried rice and while it's nothing too special, it's very filling at a very low price (and works great when you're in a pinch, food and money-wise).Be warned however that it is cash only.
4	Delicious, heaps of authentic Chinese food. This is probably the only place near campus with chinese food like what you can get at a restaurant in China. Portions are generous and taste is amazing. I highly recommend their century egg and tofu appetizer, it's quite the acquired taste but their portion is huge and delicious. The only thing keeping me from giving them five stars is they don't have a great selection of vegetarian food.
5	(Waterloo Star) serves northern Chinese cuisine for the Puritan and the homesick. Sparse in its decor and prompt with its service, Star will satisfy your stomach if not your eyes.Hot and sour soup ranks mid-high in my continuing quest for the best SLT on the continent. The clay pot casseroles are specialties that will warm your heart on the coldest of days. Generous portions are usually enough for more than one serving. The lamb and radish casserole had a heap of tender meat on a bed of noodles, radish, tofu, mushrooms, and cabbage in tasty broth. They also serve hot pot. Debit or cash.
4	This place exceeded my expectations, considering almost all the joints I've been to in the plaza have been overall mediocre.Their portions are absolutely huge, and for a low price too. Since the price itself was low it did allow me to lower my standards a bit I guess...but it was still of good value.The vegetable and tofu soup was delicious (though the tomato looked out of place...personally I prefer seaweed). The beef fried noodles is a huge dish (if you're even only 3/4 hungry, you probably will need to pack it home), tasty, and filling. My friend had a casserole, and she was satisfied with her results as well.I've passed by that place at night occasionally and I always see it full. Now I know why.
3	good place to eat
3	The food is good, there are lot of options on the menu, and it is quite cheap.The only downside is that the service is pretty terrible - especially if you are not Chinese or with someone who is ordering in Chinese. I went in there once with a friend, they sat us down, and completely forgot about us. We waited 45 minutes before we left. During that time, they served food to people who came after us!
5	Well, maybe we just picked the right dishes - but oh boy were they ever delicious!  Based on the reviews we tried the Xin Jiang chicken which apparently is actually called Dapanji and translates to Big Plate Chicken.  Yes!~!  When the platter (not plate - platter) arrived - OMG there must have been an entire chicken on it!  It is one of the delicious chicken dishes we have ever enjoyed and there was a full take out box to take home.  I assumed they made an error and ordered the large size, but no, on our bill we were charged 11.95 for the dish. Unbelievable!!  We also ordered the eggplant with garlic sauce.  I loved every bite and it was hard to stay away from it.  My partner found it just a little sweet being used to a spicier and more savory eggplant dish.  Still it was a really great dish.  I highly recommend trying this place, especially if you are getting the Xin Jiang Chicken-  What fantastic flavor in this dish!  Service is excellent - prompt and very attentive wait staff.  Decor is casual.  We are not Chinese and don't speak the language and we had no problems at all with the service. This could easily become one of our favorite places.
5	In one word - delicious.  Good service, flavorful great tasting food -  LOVE the green beans with lo9ads of garlic and pork, ditto the baby bok choy, and how could I leave out the fantastic xin jiang chicken?  The hot potsd are very tasty, but like it says hot and spicy. VERY hot aand spicy :-)  I would love to try a few more of them buty some ofthe ingredients are a little dfifferent, like luncheon meat. I'm not a big fgan of chinese fish balls or meatballs, as I find both to be tough and chewy.  The criiospy chicken is great too and I look forward to trying more of their dishes.  It's so hard to resist the xin jiang chicken and green beans though!.
5	I absolutely loved my experience here. The atnosphere was great, even though it was really busy, there was no language barrier which was great because i cant speak chinese. They had anime going on the tv's which i absolutely loved and you get sooo much food for a great price, we were 3 people, we got the all you can eat hot pot and it was definitely more than we could eat. This is definitely one of my new favorite restaurants!!
