4	While the Concord Mills theater is starting to show its age just a bit, this new location is pretty sweet.  You'll still find that a few of the auditoriums are a bit small, but you also may get to see digital 3-D (saw the new Journey to the Center of the Earth) there, and the sound overall is better.Also, the overall feel of the place is nicer - it's just newer, and feels like everything is just a bit newer.  Of course, the location is a bit more inconvenient, and you only get your choice of 14 movies vs 24 when you're talking Concord Mills (or 22 when you look at Carolina Pavilion), but 14 is usually enough that you can find something to enjoy.
5	I don't really know why I like this place so much, I just do.  It's small enough so it doesn't feel overwhelming, but big enough to give the viewer plenty to choose from.  The whole place, from the concession counter, to the theaters themselves being smaller than most multi-plexes, just makes the overall experience better.  Plus the video and sound equipment are newer, so of course it's going to look and sound better.
5	AMC Theatres have always been my favorite theaters.  They're the cleanest, offer the best rewards program, and lately have been offering some fantastic pricing deals during off-peak hours.  This newest AMC at Northlake Mall in Charlotte (although a couple years old now) is still the best.  It's a little drive if you live in South Charlotte -- or anywhere outside the Huntersville area for that matter -- but it can be worth it.   Plus, it's only one of about 3 theaters in the Charlotte area that can offer movies in 3-D when they come out.  And, folks, there is a line-up of 3-D movies coming out in the next couple of years.  Last weekend, we went late on a Sunday morning to see Disney's "Bolt" in 3-D.  Tickets were just $5 each with an additional $2 for the luxury of 3-D, but it was worth the extra cost for the visual effects and it was still cheaper than if we went to see a movie on a regular night for about $9-$10.  After buying your ticket outdoors, you enter into a large lobby area.  Right away, you can tell that it's a nice complex.  It's clean and well-maintained.  Our theater was a very large one, probably their only one that can accommodate 3-D showings.  It felt very spacious even with a crowd.  And, again, I emphasize the clean part.  No sticky floors, no holes in the seats, etc.  The 3-D experience of "Bolt" was fantastic, both in picture and sound.  There was not a complaint in the house.
4	This place is great. Conveniently located off of 485 and 77. i mean, really it's just another movie theater, but it a little nicer than some theaters are.  The best thing about AMC is their price. How can you beat $5 movies for weekdays and matinees?? Combine that with their Moviewatcher card and they're practically paying you to go. i believe they still give free small popcorn on Wednesday and with every five tickets purchased you get something free (drink, popcorn, night at the movies).  Since moving to Charlotte and with the close proximity of several AMCs, our rate of movie-going is back to where it should be.
3	AMC Northlake is a big multiplex that is good for seeing less big movies. Or at least thats the feeling my rarely-seen-at-the-movies self got.The theaters are realtively small, but the seats are plenty comfortable. For some reason they had all the electronic signs above the theater doors that are supposed to tell you what movies is playing covered. This is no huge deal since your stub has the theater number but it really just stuck me as odd. The theater doesn't actually connect to the mall on the inside and there is no space inside before you need to present your ticket, so if its cold or wet out don't show up early to wait for your friends. You'll be standing outside.The ticket prices are very reasonable, on a Saturday afternoon I shelled out $7.50 when I was expecting to owe at least 10 bucks. Concessions are you standard movie theater level of ridiculous. I didn't actually believe anyone bought movie nachos, but my friend did, and when she added a large drink she had to fork over $12.If I was interested in going to a show i thought might sell out, I would probably head elsewere, but for a cheesy movie staring Cher on a Saturday afternoon it was a solid moviegoing experience.
3	The good: new-feeling, clean, nice movie theater. Basically what you'd expect from an AMC theater.The bad: broken electronic ticket kiosks, having to buy your tickets outside after waiting in a long line, and the ridiculous traffic jam up that resulted from the perimeter-style road around the mall/theater complex having very few exits.
1	A group of us went to see the Hangover, and when we sat down, it was warm, we all thought that it would cool down... Needless to say, it was disgustingly hot in the theater the entire movie!! After we sat and sweat, we went to guest services to find out why...  The girl notified us that the air conditioner was broken and they were waiting on a part!!! Ok.. Other then them knowing that we were going to be in a full movie theater, opening weekend of a great movie, we sat and sweat the entire 2 hours ..  Probably Wont be returning to this location!!! Oh The seats are comfortable!!
3	Film selection here is not quite as good as at Concord Mills, but the theaters offer a smaller crowd, clean theaters, and most of the big hits.  It's a chain theater, so not really anything else of note.  Average size screens, average size seats, typically horrendous prices.
4	I wish they can pick this theater up and move it next door to my house!  The newness, the comfy seating, and clean surroundings make this an ideal place to watch a movie.  The mall itself is not too shabby either so it makes for a great place to kill time when waiting for a showtime.I tend to stay away from movie concessions anywhere I go since it's their main source of revenue and they push all these ridiculous combos for you to buy.  Guess that's the downside for working in a movie theater for the summers in high school, it's good to know the inside smack sometimes.  I was totally kicked out of concessions when I refused to increase my # of combo sales - I think I was a much better usher than salesman.I do like the fact that AMC theaters offer ICEEs and self serve butter stations.  I know, I know, heart attack situation - whats not to love about being stagnant for 2-3 hours and filling yourself with over processed products that mostly come from a bag?  I think the worse product in a bag was the nacho cheese.... I just remember replacing the bags in the dispensers and thinking about the cheese going into people's bodies...gag reflex every time.
4	So expensive, but I guess that's all theaters these days. I love that you can butter your own popcorn and that the bathrooms are always clean.
4	AMC Theaters Northlake is a great place to see a movie esp. with the kids.  We visited this time on a weekday afternoon with minimal crowds - yippee!  We saw the movie Zookeeper which was a nice family movie and I don't recall hearing any curse words!  To top that off Tuesdays before 6 pm is only $5.00 - what a way to save a few bucks.  How-e-ver, the snack bar will give you a big hit to the wallet with two kids, ouch!
3	08/22/11Clean, very spacious, and staffed w/ friendly employees.  One in particular was very efficient in informing us of the new Stubz membership ($12 annual fee) that replaces the obsolete Moviewatcher card when I asked her for more info, but gently reminded us that we could get more info after the movie ended.  (You may save all of your past receipts and get credit for them when you do sign up for the new Stubz promo...)
4	When my wife and I go out to see a movie, this is the theater we always go to. Still being fairly new, its clean and the seats are very comfy. The staff has always been friendly and helpful. $5 tickets prices for matinees and a short drive from our house makes it a winner. We go to the earliest showing and then go out for lunch rather than paying for the high dollar concessions.Also we have never had any trouble with people talking during a movie or cell phones going off at this theater. We used to go to Birkdale, but their prices have gone up and with this theater just as close to our house, its the better deal.
4	Granted Northlake is close to our house but I am very pleased with the rotation of movies and the cleanliness and curtious attendants at this theater!  Parking is good and if you get there early you can grab a bite at the mall ...
4	11/25/11Saw "Arthur Christmas" w/ the family today (great animation, funny, and very entertaining!).  Really liked the space of the room: multi-tiered, nice leg room, movable arm rests.  A few tips:1. For those who like to order fountain drinks, the concession stands offer free refills when you purchase large-sized cups.2. All shows before 3:55p are $5 per child and $7.50 for adults and seniors.3. Just for the holidays, every $25 gift card purchase earns you a $5 gift card reward.
1	Thoroughly disgusted with my trip to Northlake AMC tonight. First off let me say that Northlake in the past has been fine. I recommend weekday or week night visits but weekend nights are ridiculous. I paid $10 for a rated R movie I didn't even get to enjoy because of the number of rude UNDERAGE teenagers in the theatre. They talked, texted, screamed, and cussed through the whole movie.The entire theatre experience was rather ghetto. The staff, and kids were all ghetto tonight. I complained and no one came to investigate. I will not be going back to Northlake on a weekend night. I recommend skipping Northlake and heading north to Birkdale or south to the Epicentre. Maybe then you will hear less "baby daddy" talk and more of the movie you paid for!
3	My only big complaint was the screen was dirty and old looking. It was distracting. Time for a new screen.
3	This time the projected image was about a foot and a half to the right so some of the movie was on the curtain. A little distracting. Also, if a fat guy who has not eaten all day passes on popcorn and a drink, then your concessions may be too expensive.This place's saving grace is that it is convenient.
3	3D movies are fun here - the prices are high but tolerable.  I prefer going here over Concord Mills.  Overall the place is clean but they do need a few more people working in the evenings to handle concessions and tickets.
4	Like they say, all good things must come to an end. Like all theaters now, this one has followed suite and raised prices. They used to have the best prices for movies with all shows before 6pm just $5 and after 6pm was just $7.50 with the exception of 3D movies of course.Now the first showing only is $5, the next one is $7.50 and night time prices kick in at 4pm and go to $10. The first showing for a 3D movie is $8.50, which is still a bargain compared to other theaters, which charge $11 for matinee 3D movies.Since my wife and I always go to the matinees anyway, the higher pricing has not affected us other than we may have to go a little earlier than we used to.Since this is the only theater close to our house that still has a $5 matinee, the other one close to us (Birkdale Regal 16) charges $7.50, its still our theater of choice.
4	I went for an early movie and the line moved quickly for the ticket and the price was just right at $5! I did stop by the concession stand, and for it to be early morning they were VERY busy....but what made my visit was that they offered me  fresh hot popcorn which was a nice treat....I hate when I get a bag that has been sitting!Kudos to the staff for the very clean theatres....found a seat right away the theater was very clean and the temperature was perfect!  It's very typical AMC theatre,but I will surely be back!
4	I've been to this location several times to take in a flick & have never been disappointed.  The staff here are always very pleasant & welcoming & actually seem to enjoy working here.The concession area, while busy at all times, is always clean & the employees are quick to get your snacks & drinks in a timely manner.The seating in the theaters are comfy & have the handy drink holders at each seat. This comes in quite nice for those thirst quenching drinks. Thankfully, the cleaning crew is good at cleaning up after each showing...no sticky feet for you! The sound quality is always great, too.Go on Tuesdays & movies are only $5!
4	This is an easy access theater at N Lake Mall near my family who lives in Hunterville.I like it because of location but they also seem to consistently have more than adequate staffing at the ticket window...the lines moves quickly.The theater always seems to be clean and in good repair. They do a very good job with concessions as well though I think the prices are a bit steep.The other big plus is lots of parking and you have the option of various exit doors to different areas in the parking lot so yo can make a quick getaway if needed.
2	I am so disappointed in this AMC location. It has been my go-to theater of choice for years. Recently though, the quality of service offered has dropped off dramatically.One one occasion the projector broke down (strobing colors onto the screen together with loud audio bursts - sounds fun but my partner and I soon started feeling ill). I had to inform the staff of the problem. 20 minutes later I continued to be informed that the system was being rebooted. The strobing hadn't stopped so I asked for a refund and left.More recently, I went to a 09:30 am showing, only to find that all of the automated kiosks were out of order and the manager hadn't arrived. Consequently, none of the staff could sell tickets. They just sat on the other side of their glass bubble, staring at the ever-growing line of eager theater-goers!I'm giving two stars based on past performance but I will not not be returning any time soon. I am a very unhappy customer.
1	Worst managed theater in Charlotte!!! Avoid at all cost!!! For me it all starts with the purchasing of tickets. The walk-up self service kiosks never work, you can only browse the various showtimes, then you are forced to stand in a long line because there are only ever at the most two ticket windows open. The ticket doorman are always very nice and greet you with a smile and from there it goes downhill. There's only one or two concession lines open that take at least 15-20 minutes to navigate because there are always employees goofing off in the back, standing around not a manager to be seen. I've complained 5 times to the on-duty "manager" who only once offered me a free movie pass WHICH WAS MISSING THE ENTIRE POINT! I don't want free movie tickets, I want a better theater!!!! The bathroom stalls have no locks on them, there are paper towels all over the floor because the actual dispensers are completely empty. Not that you could wash your hand after using the restrooms because the dispensers are always empty. This makes me laugh because of the sign in the bathroom requiring all employees to wash their hands before they return to work, a feat that is impossible due to the lack of soap in the bathrooms. From the restrooms you see cracked lit movie poster frames covered up with clear plastic tape. The only redeeming value of this theater is the movie theater. The red drapes and stadium seating along with the great sound system make it occasionally bearable, but every time I go back I always end up disappointed. Steer clear of AMC Northlake at all cost. Save your money and spend it on gas to drive to another theater where management actually gives a flying flip about the quality of their theater.
5	I love going here, I just wish it were closer to me. Tip: they have $5 matinees! We often make the drive just to save a few bucks and make a date night of it. It's large, clean, bright, and well kept. I recommend this theater if you're in the area! Tip: don't bother buying their membership card unless you plan to go here several times a month, it doesn't pay out well enough.
1	This movie theater is a disappointment to the AMC brand.  The management is the worse I have ever seen and it is spreading throughout the employees there.  My past two experiences I have shown up to the theater to see an early movie and NO ONE is ready to take guests.  I have not shown up extraordinarily early, but about 30 minutes prior to the beginning of the movie.  Today took the cake.  Arrived to see White House Down at 9:45 AM this morning.  I was there about 9:10.  Approached the ticket booth and two employees were there.  I asked when the theater was to open.  "About 10, 10:30."  I said, "A movie is beginning at 9:45."  Employee: "oh really?".  And she walks off.  I stood there in disbelief.  I get my tickets at the kiosk because no register is open.  9:30 comes.  Still standing outside.  Other guests are arriving and no new movement behind the glass doors.  I approach the door at 9:30 and again ask "When is the theater opening?"  "We will be opening soon."  "Is your supervisor here?"  "Yes, she is upstairs."  "Is she aware a movie begins in 15 minutes?"  "Yes, she is." "Well, what is her name?"  "Donna"  "What is her last name?" "I don't know"  "You don't know your supervisors last name?' "No"  Door closes.  Standing in disbelief.  "Donna"  finally comes to the ticket booth at 9:45!  Yes, that's when my movie is to start.  We are then let in.  I ask another employee what her last name is and am told they don't know.  This is indicative of the management style this woman is imparting on this theater.  No sense of urgency, no sense of customer care, no sense of what is right.  This movie theater reminds me of the experiences I have had at Regal, which is why I go to AMC's.  I am an avid movie goer and I will let everyone know how this place is run.  Completely unprofessional.  Completely.  I have written to management to let them know and I hope they take it seriously.
4	I'm the guy who goes at first show Saturday morning... Has great range of times for new movies and they keep older movies just enough.
1	Patrons and staff alike are incredulously rude. The worst of humanity. Only go if you are interested in a social experiment.  Management could care less if are happy or not. Consistently bad interactions with other customers. This kind of rudeness would not be tolerated at a Regal movie Theater. Ticket machines never work. And open a new window to assist with a long line. Sure, let the 20 people at the end of the line go first and literally laugh at the others  waiting in the original line. Fabulous movie going experience!
2	The bathrooms were abysmal in the early afternoon and the water fountains barely worked, if at all. The seats were comfortable and the service okay. There are definitely better theaters in Charlotte, unfortunately none of those are closer.
4	I go to movies at Northlake mall all the time.  Recently I have seen Anchorman 2 and Frozen at AMC Northlake.    I like that the theaters are always clean and that the staff has always been friendly and polite.  My complaint would be the PRICES - it feels like the prices for a Friday night movie go up every time I go to the theaters.  Also the cheapest hot food item they have is a hot dog for $4.75!  The cheapest fountain drink is also $4.75.  I also don't like the the kiosk to buy/purchase tickets is outside.  Its usually an issue in the summer when its scorching hot outside and its an issue in the winter time when its often rainy.  Overall, this is a decent movie theater - definitely above average.  They always have the latest releases playing in clean, stadium-style theaters.  Is you're looking for a theater to watch the latest releases, this place is definitely a solid option.  PS: Frozen was WAAAY for entertaining than Anchorman 2; which was essential Anchorman 1.
4	I come here often. The theaters are almost always clean and the staff is generally friendly.
4	I frequent this theater because (1) it's really close to home and (2) it is always well staffed and clean.There is never a problem with parking, there is really a long wait in the ticketing or the concession lines.  The popcorn is always fresh and the staff is very friendly.
4	Came in for Captain America 2.  Theater was very clean and the people were very friendly.  You didn't get that 5th star because I paid $4.50 for a bottle of water.....  it wasn't even magic water... just Dasani.  Prices for food are real expensive.  I strongly suggest eating before you go, unless you want to take out a second mortgage for a combo meal at the concession stand.
4	This is a great theatre. It's large and the ticking is done outside, plus side is there's lots of room and no crowding but the downside is if it's raining. Staff is always friendly and helpful and theaters are cleaned nicely. Another good thing is security. Because it is by the mall, the security spills over. On the weekends, as many places are, it is very busy at night but to avoid any riff raff, the mall and theatre have enforced a curfew where if you're under 18 you need to be with a parent or guardian of at least 25yrs old. And they do enforce it strongly.If I had to leave a downside I would say that if you're going to the movies on a Friday or Saturday night, come early. Because it's with the mall, parking is horrible and the lines for tickets can get crazy. Also, if you're getting food, the staff tends to be on the slow side but the smell is always amazing!!!Definitely a beautiful theatre and great way to relax :-)
