2	The Capri on Camelback has an amazing location!  Walking distance to newly opened Fresh and Easy, Chelsea's Kitchen, Vincent's, Postino, LGO, and the Vig.  It's exactly what you want in walking distance to home.  From the looks of it from the outside, it looks drab and boring, but inside, the apartments are quite nice... nothing to write home about, but nice.  Why the low score?  The Parking is a nightmare!!!!!!!!!  It's the worst possible thing I can imagine!  To go through that headache every single day is become too much.  Every car is parked within inches (INCHES) of each other... and to top it off my truck has been spit on twice.  The staff knows little to nothing.  The laundry is expensive.  And it's like college where every other night a fire alarm gets pulled.  Plus, every single morning from between 7 - 10 am they are dragging metal dumpsters or trimming the hedges or cutting the grass or blowing the grass or etc, etc, etc.  You CANNOT sleep in with the windows open... even weekends.But the worst thing... in an apartment complex with easily well over 500 people living here, there is NO RECYCLING!  I cannot believe this, in this day in age.  No recycling.  Unacceptable.
1	DO NOT RENT HERE! I've been here for about 9 months and I'm currently taking steps towards breaking my lease. I have dealt with smelly hallways, noisy neighbors, leaking ceilings and barking dogs... all of that I can deal with for the cheap rent and the great location. But the one thing I refuse to deal with is the INFESTATION of cockroaches. I'm talking multiple times a day. I've had the complex exterminate 4 times, I've used an outside service and even Raid Maxx Bug Barrier. Nothing helps. Not even a little. I was lucky enough to be woken up to a COCKROACH CRAWLING ON MY FACE. It's like being in my own personal horror movie. I am a clean and hygienic person and there is no reason for me to have that kind of pest problem. After a few horrific experiences (including the bug on my face, the one crawling over my feet in the shower, and finding about twenty of them underneath my toaster oven) I spoke to the ladies in the office. They insinuated that I was being dramatic by saying that no one in the building has had complaints. What difference should that make?! I promise you, there will be problems with your apartment here. I thought it would be worth the cheap rent, but I am glad to spend another hundred dollars a month in rent to avoid coming home to a cockroach infested, urine-smelling, loud, disgusting personal hell every day.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars, because that is what it deserves.  I only lived here for 3 months and I feel so lucky that it was a short term lease.  Lets see...The worst problem was the roaches.  Absolutely disgusting.  I had to call them at least 3-4 times, and gave up on them fixing the problem.  I just decided to put borax acid down to fix it myself.  While it did temporarily, they never completely went away.  This place needs to fumigate the entire building.  Absolutely disgusting.  The trash shoots were also a major gripe.  In the summer the garbage wasn't emptied enough and reeked of rotten food and garbage.  Thats ok, they decided to spray a disgusting scent to try and cover up the problem.  Just made it worse.Just about everything in the apartment was broke when I moved in..  None of the outlets worked and had to be replaced.  The door handle was basically impossible to open each morning.  The bathtub had sludge that would come up almost on a weekly basis.  The sliding glass door wouldn't lock and had to be adjusted.Within that time frame my car probably had about 100 door dings from their inadequate parking.  Luckily I then switched to a covered parking, which was built too low and would hit my antennae each time I entered or  exited.Stay away...Everything in the complex seemed to be broken as well.  The bbqs were pretty much broken all summer...how convenient.  The hot tub was also broken most of the time.Also someone graffiti-ed a explicit profanity in the hallway one week and is pretty much still visible.
1	I give it a 1 for location because I have to. I've been here less than a month and everything I've read, I've experienced so far. Car window smashed the first week. Fire alarms went off for an hour tonight. I've seen 1 cockroach in bathtub. My car was backed into and dented. This is a great area but not a great place to live. I unfortunately moved here sight unseen as I was confidentily reassured by the staff (Alex) that these complaints weren't true. They've all happened to me so far. Only 12 months to go, joy. Positives: nice pool, above average fitness facility for an apartment community and some good people. Live and learn, this will be a 13 month experience.I wrote the above blurb after the first month but never posted and didn't expect to see it here, so kind of interesting to add the full review below with a one month review. After 5 months I couldn't take it anymore and paid $1200 to get out of my lease and my full review below.This place is bad news. Where to start? First week my window was smashed on my Tahoe and nothing was stolen, just $260 to replace it. Second, someone backed into my front bumper causing a nice dent. Fortunately, I have a 2002 so I'm not concerned about needing it fixed. There isn't much parking, making you park in unlit or unprotected areas. I believe the safest area is up by the tennis courts. It was inconvenient, but the problems stopped except for the dent.In my 5 months of a 13 month lease, I paid $1200 to get out of here early. The parking is tight, you will get door dings.  The community has useless security guards that basically lock the pool doors. A mouse is more intimidating. I've heard the fire alarms go off 4 times from drunks in the middle of the night. I've seen two cockroaches in my apartment and they were huge. The garbage area literally almost made me puke in unit E (if you must live here, make sure it isn't by a garbage room). I'd say 50% of residents pick up after their dogs, so crap everywhere. The water pressure in my unit was horrible. The heat and air conditioning is controlled by management. I had to keep my sliding glass door open at night because it was unbearably hot. I had a smoker above and to the left of me so I got to inhale there smoke because I had to leave the door open so I didn't melt. The laundry facilities are NASTY. The water just stands in the machines. If you go inside a machine and shake it you will hear the recycled water. Always check the dryer as people before you don't care about leaving nasty hairs or other nasty stuff behind. Two units in E were constantly broken. The cost is $1.25 and you have to use a laundry card. You lose it and it is $25 to replace. If you don't use it alll upon leaving, the next tenant thanks you. Your only option for television is DirecTV. The maximum lease you can sign is a 13 month lease, the minimum contract with DirecTV is a 24 month agreement. Getting out of that contract was a nightmare. I typically get contracts when you have a choice, here the equipment is installed and you have no choice. Yet, DirecTV will give you the BS line that they have to account for equipment costs. I am moving into a residence that already has DirecTV and they still didn't let me out of the contract. Last, I went to turn in my keys today thinking I had paid my rent Jan 1 thinking it was good through my early move out date of 2/6. Nope, and no bill. I find out today I had a $178 worth of rent for 6 days, a $50 late fee and another $40 in $10 a day accruals. The community leasing agents will act like they care, but they know they work for a terrible management company with no sympathy for honest mistakes. They kind of just go silent when confronted and pray you walk away. There hands are tied. Two of them are easy to find. they are always outside smoking. Last, I moved in sight unseen over the internet. I was handed my keys and never even given a tour. I had to find everything on my own. The only good thing about it I guess is the location, but I'd find a different location to live in the area. If you want to live in a dorm style community, this is the place. I have lived in many communities over the years and I've never left a place on a sour note. This is the worst 5 months of living I've ever had.Pro's: Location, Gym is decent for an apartment community, nice pool, convenient store. I will not say price because it all adds up in misery.
3	i have lived here for two years and its ok.  i am on the 4th floor and i can honestly say that i have never seen a bug, except in the last two months a few small roaches have shown up.  the hallways do smell, especially during the summer, which is why residents prop the hallway doors open.  the laundry rooms are better now, they just installed brand new machines.  the on-site store is awesome.  the pool area and gym are nice.  the real downsides are.....this place will nickle & dime you to death. first of all, if they advertise the rent at $600, expect to pay $700 after all the monthly fees.  and there is a fee for EVERYTHING.  keys, laundry cards, pets, parking, utlities, etc...  The heating and air conditioning is non-existant.  it is so cold in the winter that we ran the fireplace (available on 3rd and 4th floor units)  almost every nite to stay warm.  The summer it is just unbearable.  It is true about the fire alarms going off all the time, and the alarm does not just sound in the hallways, it sound IN YOUR APARTMENT.  And let me tell you, it is LOUD.  Parking is a nightmare.  Of course if you want to pay for a parking spot....another fee.  The units are nicely appointed, the maintance crew is fast responding, the grounds are nice.   They raise  the rents every time you renew, which is a major reason why i am leaving.  If the heat and AIR CONDITIONING worked i might consider paying more, but for this price point i do expect air conditioning.   Just remember , even though they advertise utilites paid, that is only kinda the case.  You do pay a utility fee.  And remember, NOTHING is included here.  There is a fee for EVERYTHING.   Like i said, you can easily tack on another $100 dollars a month to their advertised rental price...because your just not gonna pay rent....your gonna pay electric, water, garbage, sewer....etc.  That nickle & dime crap, and the heating/air conditioning not working are the major issues.
1	ok so on the 19th i posted a review and my biggest gripe was the nickle & dime practices of the managment.  Well today i got my move-out bill.  You see, when i paid my rent on the first of the month, i thought that at the end of the month when i moved out i would all paid up.  Apparently not.  3 dirty ceiling fans,stove top,oven,microwave,sink,cabinet,shower/tub 127.50Carpet Clean 55.00Carpet Clean - Tax 1.10Dirty bathroom sink 15.00Water - $15Sewer - $8.54Trash - $9Gas - $9Electric - $27Tax - $1.61Service Fee (?) - $3.40Total - $272.15There was absolutely NO damage with my apt when i left.  I am being charged for general cleaning that would need to be done prior to any tenant leaving and a new tenant moving in.But thats not the worst of it.  I got charged $197 for cleaning (the rest is for utilities). In fact it could have been much worse.  It could have been $250 JUST FOR CLEANING.  And according to the lease, I actually agreed to this.  Additionally, the office suggested i do a walk-thru inspection prior to my moving out.  So i said, well i'm moving out on the 30th, so it can be anytime between now and the 30th.  I was told well you have to been completely moved out prior to the walk-thru, so i suggested that we do it on the 31st.  I was told then i would be charged and extra day.  So i said how about late in the day on the 30th?  Well the guy leaves at 3pm, and it was unlikely that we would be completely out by 3pm.So basically, if you are gonna avoid any cleaning charges, AND would like to do a final walk-thru, you need to move out in time for A) to have the apartment professionally cleaned B) have the carpets professionally cleaned , and C) do a final walk-thru.  So be sure your out a good 5 days prior to your actual move out date.Review your lease CAREFULLY prior to renting w/ Greystar, and their Capri on Camelback property.
1	I agree with pretty much every review. The Capri slogan is "Redefining excellence". That is effing Hilarious.The Capri is super dumpy. We had hoarder neighbors that lead to a cockroach infestation in our apartment. The hot water was out all thru the holidays of 2011 and typically goes out at least once per month. My GF and I had to shower and get ready for work at our gym for an entire week during that time. The hallways smell like hot trash all the time. The parking situation is really shitty and your car will get dinged constantly. The people in the office are not accommodating or understanding about anything. They roped us into paying a "prorated (increased) rate" for an extra 3 weeks because we didn't go to the office and sign a 60 day intent to vacate notice. Even though I emailed them twice when I was out of town telling them we were not going to renew.The only positive thing about the Capri is the onsite Capri marketplace and that it is in a good location near great restaurants, bars, the canal for running/biking. My humble opinion is that they should level this place.Bye Bye Capri, our lease cant end quick enough.
4	great location, great pool..
3	This has to be the worst apartment complex around. The area it is located in should be embarrassed to have the complex there. 3 months with no hot water and the same excuse" we fixed a pipe but it broke again" NO you put a band aid on it and prayed! Top to bottom this place has a list of awfulness. I would rather shoot myself in the face then renew the lease here. I will leave 1 star because I can't put negative stars.
1	0 stars. I hate this place, this has been THE WORST experience and I've only lived here for a month and a half. DO NOT MOVE IN HERE. Terrible management office, terrible utilities. I've had packages "lost" repeatedly in the office, I've had maintenance in my unit without my permission and no response from management when I complained. The heat doesn't work and I can only assume AC won't either. 11 months to go...
1	If could rate this with 0 stars I would! After living a Capri almost 12 months I am finally getting out of this wretched place! The entire complex wreaks of pet urine and feces and maintenance does nothing to clean it up. For being in such a great neighborhood it's sad this complex could not be managed better.  After many conversations with management it's clear there only concern is collecting the rent and they have no interested in improving the property. Renter be ware, stay away from this place!
3	During my stay at Capri I always had a decent experience.The grounds were clean, the dogs were leashed, and the maintenance was always quick with repairs.There was a mild bug problem when I moved in but that was quickly addressed. The parking is a nightmare unless you buy a space at extra cost and the lack of recycling always puzzled me. Overall though, not too bad.
1	I am on the same page as Lindsay T & Anthony M.  Hot water was inconsistent between the months of Nov 2012 through Dec 2012 with reasons given that pipes were old & they can only fix when it bursts (I was thankful 2013 wasn't as cold) When they did give us notices in our door, water never came back on as noted or even back on that same day. I counted a total of 9 days with no hot water. As many have mentioned here, management has the worst customer service. I have rented half my life & have never been this unhappy. They make you sign that loud noise in not tolerated but I'm surrounded with neighbors (kids) blasting their music, when I call the office, I always get "we will give them notices", but those same neighbors have not stopped. Notices to clean after pets, go unnoticed. It's disgusting to see dog poops & pee stains on walls. And like C.l. the roaches are nasty. I've woken up 2x with roach on my bed (yuck!). Pest Control should be ashamed that they can't figure the problem, they were in my place practically every week to "investigate". Fumigated 4x. Injected pesticides & was certain that would solved the problem. NOT. I also attempted using borax. I kept getting excuses it may be my neighbor, when that wasn't validated, they said it may be the trash room.
1	This place is horrible for so many reasons! Let's start with the bugs, smell, safety and staff! The bugs are ridiculous! I wake to them almost every morning. The smell is old and musty and despite my attempts, it doesn't go away. Some of the neighbors are great, some are just straight out stalker crazy and the staff took no ownership in my and/or the safety of my children. And to make matters worse, the staff and clearly for the benefit of the owners, are money hungry munchers! They nickel and dime you for everything, from parking spaces, to move in/out costs, etc. The washers and dryers are disgusting and of much need of renevation. It's located in a great part of town and Arcadia, is definately my favorite place to live and you expect the modernized, 50 style building, but this place is a joke! Save your money and buy in the neighborhood! This place is no where to live!
1	Here are the pro's:  Decent gym, for an apartment complex.  The wifi center is OK, but nothing to write home about.  I can't say much about the onsite convenience store.  I hardly ever used it.  Plus, I could probably name about five other places around the Phoenix area to get a good sandwich.  Now, the cons:  Unprofessional leasing office, subpar maintenance team, a complex that pretty much caters to drunk, noisy, college kids, and unsupervised bratty little kids.  Basically, if your credit score is at or near the gutter they'll let you in the door.  I lived here for three years, and the laundry list of problems I had here were numerous.  Bug problems (cockroaches, Mosquitos), people not picking up after pets, strange smells in hallways, noisy neighbors, thin walls, people pulling the fire alarms in the middle of the night, faulty appliances, and worst of all a lot of thievery runs rampant here.  Do yourself a favor, and just avoid this place at all costs.  Capri on Camelback does not "redefine excellence."  Capri couldn't redefine mediocrity on it's best day.  Do not rent here, just stay away!
1	Just an update to my previous review.  Here's a suggestion to the management:  Why are you charging someone twice for utilities when they move out?  When someone gives their sixty day notice just combine the charges for those final two months in just one bill instead of two separate billing statements.
1	I can't believe I ever wanted to live here. This place is the absolute worst. I think it has potential. Unfortunately the staff is atrocious. The main reason I chose not lease. My two friends and I met here on a Saturday to look at the one bedrooms. We walk in and I already think the place is cool/unique. We see the lady who says hello and welcome to Capri. The SECOND thing she says to us is "Now if you want a tour, we are gonna have to make it quick; we close soon." Mind you- we showed up 50 minutes before closing! I can tell by your voice your a good time / heavy smoker but I think you can make a tour of a 1 bedroom in under 30 minutes! After the tour I really enjoyed the property and apartments. However, the lovely lady attempted to insult me by saying "Yeah, of course we would rather love in old town Scottsdale. But if this is what you can afford..." This place is a joke. My friends and I still die when discussing our visit here. #trashystaff
