5	Super-duper huge multi-story record store! The staff member that helped me out was amazing, a song was playing in French on the overhead sound system that I decided I liked & after I told him just a few words of the song, he located the CD for me!Good discount CD section too -- I found the few years old British Now 52 for $4.99!
3	Huge music and DVD megastore. I thought I would be able to find some music from France here considering the huge Francophone selection but was disappointed to find that it is mostly just music from Quebec. They do have really nice listening stations. Check out the lower level which is much mellower than the first floor. Prices were fairly reasonable.
4	Dropped into the HMV today and this place is massive!  It's multi level and has a ton of media along with clothing and other miscellaneous items.  The selection is very large and and they have listening stations all over the place.There are always clearance bins but I found the staff a little hard to track down today.  When you do get their attention they are very helpful though.
4	I've been coming to this HMV for a while during my time here in Montreal. I've gotten lots of things here and it's just great. The sales are amazing. Today I got two DVDs for 23 dollars, one of which was five bucks and the other fifteen but three movies in one! More than a bargain. Too bad they got rid of their video games but at least there's other places I can go for that. Nice to have an HMV nearby since the chain has died out in the US.
2	the store is ok. selection is decent if compared to online. staff is decent, not the most competent but better than some other places.they used to have a gaming section but it was way too expensive. they now have clothing but quality wise, its a crapshoot with walmart but at a premium price.their movie selection is bad with ridiculous prices. on seldom sale, it does hot but outside of those times, better look somewhere else.their boxing day sales.. probably the biggest joke out there as they limit the offered quantity. once they run out of the allocated number, you'll pay regular price on the item you thought would be cheap.. buyer's bewaretheir website, pretty useless and in 2014, still can't buy online. you can reserve but you know, convenience and with so few stores in town..
4	Perhap not always informed of some movie titles, the staff is ever and invariably helpful. To be fair, I would'nt know who directed '200 cigarettes' either. The prices are favorable. Most poular works (dvd & cd) are on sale, perpetually. It's only bleak that HMV is offering expired technologies. I cannot remember the last time I purchased a cd. Times a changin'.
