5	Saw a write up in CL late last night and was in the general vacinity today, so went  on the hunt... only the basic coordinates"near the intersection of Sharon Amity and Albermarle roads.." in fact it is wedged between Ali Baba which I have never been to and a Middle Eastern grocery that I will visit next time I am in the mood for some goat. I think it is in the old Jeruselem restaurant location. We ordered 2 manakish, sort of flat bread pizzas that were brown and bubbly, 1 mohamra and 1 with eggs and cheeseboth of which were really good. Khaled / Khalid (?) brought us 2 cookies that I think were basically date stuffed short bread, that had great textureand not too sweet. On the way out the pita was coming out of the oven,  warm, soft and puffy  ..1.59 for 4 ...(Take that Harris Teeter).Khaled told us about the pastries most of which are sold by the pound, and I got 2 of what looked like  Baklava but had a cheeseish firm custardinside, and were not super sweet, which is perfect for me and doesn't make the keyboard sticky!The place has been open for about 3 weeks so they are still making changes.  It is a bakery with a few tables so it is functional but a bit sparse.Go in a buy some Pita !
3	I love this place.  Everything is freshly made, Great Service but they should remember "cleanliness in next to Godliness".  Please WASH hands more often! We smoke, cough, sneeze and handle cash/cards and then go and touch my delicious treats, not good.  Outside of this, which I think is super important, they would get 5 stars.  The deserts are very tasty but usually on the well done side.
5	Best Bread in Town!!!  This is a SERIOUS Bakery!  Huge OPEN Kitchen!  Breads and Middle Eastern Desserts!  I have eaten a bunch of these Desserts, the only one I know the name of is Baklava!  Today I'm getting some still warm Flat bread similar to Pita Bread!!!Mostly Takeout, though they do have some tables!  I'll be back with my Camera to get the next treats!
5	Wow, this bakery is amazing! The sweets are absolutely delicious and as good as my mother's (she's from Syria).  The pies are also SUPER tasty and fresh!  My wife and I tried the meat and the chicken and both were great, but the chicken was our favorite.  We'll be going back for cheese and spinach as soon as possible.  I only wish that they would open another Golden Bakery in Huntersville, NC so that we could go more often.  Oh, and in response to Allspice S. who reviewed on 8/14/2012 the gentleman who helped us wore plastic gloves when handling our sweets and pies so you'd be pleased.  He was also very helpful and friendly.  If you are looking for authentic, fresh, and delicious Middle Eastern food than Golden Bakery is for you!
4	Tasty food, very cheap, and friendly owners. Check it out.
5	Got a groupon coupon in email today and decided to head over to try it out. LOVED the bread! I bought fresh pita made in the brick oven, a date/sesame round bread, and a bread that is flat and looks 'grilled' they make it in the oven. It is called Naan bread like pita without the pocket and its made in a tandoori oven!  Must try it - I know I'll be back. Very soft, light, moist not dry like Italian or French breads. I love these types of breads. Wonderful with hummus, or olive tapenade etc. I bought a sample of every syrian sweet they had except for the cookies on the bottom shelf (I forgot!).  KENAFAH was great! It had what looked like thin noodle threads on the outside, one had cinnamon and I think its a cheese mixture that tastes creamy, like ricotta. REALLY good! There are many different types of what I call Baklava (one is spelled Baklawa)  (they have different names and are not made with honey) Almond, cashews, pistachio, I think Walnut etc. Finally there were pistachios sesame seed flat cookies that isn't on the menu below but LOVED LOVED them and so did my kids.  The difference between Syrian and Greek desserts is Syrian/Lebanese do not use Honey they use Rose or Orange Blossom water. I actually prefer it because its less sweet than honey. The taste doesn't deteriorate the flavor and you can eat more of them without being overwhelmed by the sweetness like you would with honey lol!I had the round borma which was probably my favorite if I had to pick one ....though the cookies may have been better. Also purchased different types of open faced and closed (like little empanadas) "meat/cheese/veggie" stuffed little pies called Fatayer. Not overloaded with meat (wish they were because they were YUMMY!) but great to slice and eat as a snack or a side if you had a nice bowl of soup. I tried the sausage, chicken, beef, spinach and cheese. Really enjoyed them!All in all, I am so glad I found this place, Syrian, Lebanese, Greek food is so healthy for you and so hard to find in Charlotte NC. I am from NJ and miss the different types of baking/cooking. The person that I met at the bakery is from Upstate NY so he knew what I meant when I said I wish Charlotte had more variety of food lol! All in all, do yourself a favor and take a ride over. NOTE....the mall/store front can put you off but don't let it. There were a few of the local stragglers hanging around outside but the bakery is nice and clean, open and its worth the effort it takes to look past the store front to get home baked breads and sweets! He told me that they just took over the Aly Baba restaurant next door and cater to vegan and vegetarian in their menu. GREAT for my daughter. https://www.facebook.com/GoldenBakeryCharlotte/infohttp://yahamshari.wix.com/goldenbakery#!bread/ct60
5	A friend and I popped in quickly to pick up some pita bread after a quick run through the halal market next door... at least that's what we MEANT to do. There was hot markouk coming out when we arrived so we ordered one just as it came off but the manager was having none of that and after we sat down he passed us a huge sampling of fatayer. The markouk was delicious and the fatayer was absolutely amazing! We tried beef, chicken, spinach and feta and one with what tasted like a slightly pickled spinach or other green. The bad news is we'd just come from having Korean food so we were already stuffed.. the worse news is that didn't stop us from diving in and loving every bite! I'd say if you think it's yummy when you're already well fed then you know it's really that way!
4	WOW ! First time I had Syrian desserts, it was so FRESH !  The pita bread was so fresh right out of the oven still warm. The pistachio beklawa was so good.  I suggest all the yelpers out there should try this place. You will be glad you did.
1	Not sure what happened to this place. I stood there at the register for a little over 5 minutes. They had 1 customer aside from me. The person who seemed like the owner did not welcome or ask to take my order. A younger gentlemen came in and stood behind the register for a minute or so. He didn't ask to take my order or whether I had been served. Decided to walk away.
4	great cheese pitas  and dessert! The owner is also super helpful.  He explained to me and my husband what each item was and also gave us his suggestions.  We bought a bunch of different types that came straight out of the oven hot.  We literally sat in the car and devoured it.
5	This is a for real Syrian bakery. The kanefeh is almost as good as you can get int the Middle East. Baklava is excellent as well. I understand they have the little middle eastern "pizzas" (can't remember the name). Will need to try those sometime as well.
5	This is the best bakery around! The owner has always been really helpful and explains what the pastries and foods are which I really appreciate. The ovens are so authentic as are the wonderful foods. You can taste the difference. I am enjoying a delicious pastry from here with a tea right this very moment. If you want to have the pleasure of enjoying a real bakery then this is something you should definitely try. I will be coming back.:)
