4	Very tasty Persian food here in Montreal, a $15 plate gets you a very delicious chicken kabob, a well seasoned lamb kabob, vegetables and a ton of rice. Grab some pita bread and hot sauce and dig into some Persian awesomeness. Service was attentive and smiling, food took a bit but for the quality of its preparation I did not mind. They have a small selection of hard alcohol and wine available as well. Ambiance was cozy and comfortable and not very busy for a Saturday night probably due to the rainy weather outside. Street parking only but it's Montreal, you get used to parking blocks away and walking to places.
4	A variety of Iranian dishes from appetizers to main mealsThe price you pay is affordably set ( mostly below 10$) and you can choose to sit outside in an open area in front of the restaurant as we did this evening in late June when it's coolThe weakness is the service which although is so friendly but slow ( only one waitress and many guests!)Tahchin is a MUST try they make it really well! It could be with chicken or red meat. I prefer the latter though.
1	This place is everything that you don't want in a restaurant. Rude waitresses, low quality and quantity of food, long serving time and above all an owner which is a crook. I arrived 9:35 Friday evening there with a group of friends to try "Chateau Amoo Jamal" since we had envied this since long. First they started by telling us that there is no food left. We ordered some dishes from the very limited list of options left. Then we waited and waited and waited and waited again. Meanwhile other groups of people arrived and where served earlier than us while they had ordered proper dishes like kebob, curry, etc. I complained to the servant and she started to mock me asking for the food. I couldn't believe my ears and so embarrassed in front of my friends. Then she went in and brought the so called food in a minute or two. It was half done and it was more of snack than a proper food. Then the manager came and made excuses where I proved him wrong. He just was speechless. Not even an apology but more mockery.If this wasnt enough, then came the topping for their stellar performance. The CROOK owner said that his machine doesn't work so we had to pay cash. Obviously he was avoiding taxes. Downtown Montreal. Can you believe that!
4	good resturant... good service... good area... Delicious food.. but because i am irainan and i can Compare with other resturant... i Criticized ... 1. Lower frequency at menu. 2. i think their Kabab koobideh... not reqlly perfect...
