2	Good food realy bad service
4	The mariscos here were hella good! I had an absolutely great ceviche and some bomb ass oysters! the margaritas were ok all though I prefer the aguas frescas. The limonadas are especially delicious!  There was a live Banda Sinaloense playing and it was pretty loud. They were talented although not a full nor authentic Banda, but we aren't judging on the music but the food!
4	Best micheladas (Mexican Bloody Mary) in the world... And so cheap.. The food is good too but those micheladas oh my god...
3	Ok, so this review might not be 100% fair because generally I'm not much of a seafood gal and this place is pretty seafoodcentric. I went here for lunch today with a couple of girls from work. This place does have a few non seafood items, but it is pretty limited. I got a carne asada taco and I got a scallop tostada (I like scallops alright). Well, the taco was somewhat bland. There was nothing exciting or special about the carne. The scallops were alright, but it was a scallop ceviche and I felt like the scallops hadn't had enough lime or hadn't marinated long enough because they still looked pretty raw to me (I'm not sure if this is normal...). The flavor was good, but very spicy! I liked that, but I didn't like looking at the scallops while I was eating...it made me a little nervous. Also, the tostada was loaded with juice or sauce that fell all over and the tortilla didn't hold up to the topping (both mine and another girl's totally fell apart). Overall, this place was fine and definitely authentic, but I would not go back.
4	Very nice place to eat! Friendly device, great food, and nice background music! Keep it up!!!
4	Ok so i come here only when I'm really craving some awesome mariscos!!!! Mmmmmm, their portions are big and not expensive...i haven't been here for a while so i don't know if their prices have changed but i usually get the battered shrimp w/ rice and beans and it's about 12 - 13 bucks but i always take home left overs. Now the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the restaurant has like bands that come in and play their instruments but the restaurant is too small and you can't even have a conversation because you can't hear...OMG!!! THAT IRRITATES ME BAAAD!!! That's the only drawback from this place....so i don't go that often, the best time to go is on a weekday afternoon...WEEKENDS ARE INSANE...DON'T GO and save yourself from the wait and insanity
4	Ok so i come here only when I'm really craving some awesome mariscos!!!! Mmmmmm, their portions are big and not expensive...i haven't been here for a while so i don't know if their prices have changed but i usually get the battered shrimp w/ rice and beans and it's about 12 - 13 bucks but i always take home left overs. Now the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the restaurant has like bands that come in and play their instruments but the restaurant is too small and you can't even have a conversation because you can't hear...OMG!!! THAT IRRITATES ME BAAAD!!! That's the only drawback from this place....so i don't go that often, the best time to go is on a weekday afternoon...WEEKENDS ARE INSANE...DON'T GO and save yourself from the wait and insanity
5	Altata requires a minimum of two meals every time I come to Phoenix. Best Mexican seafood I've ever had and I've been to a lot of places.  The place usually has live music and it's LOUD! Definitely not for the faint at heart. If you can power through the music then you'll LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
3	Indeed Altata does have some of the best seafood ever! The reason why I am only giving three stars is because of the service.  I cannot emphasize enough that if your a women eating here with out a man and your not ordering things left and right you WILL receive the worst service ever. Every time I've visited we always get ignored biece of someone else. I once waited thirty minutes just to get someone to run my debit card. I've learned to just get up and tell them to do it. The food like I said before is what keeps me coming back. Although I no longer eat inside I always order  .  It to go.
4	Great food. Service is ok. My favorite is the camarones ala diabla and the camarones ala cucaracha! Good beer selection. Just beware of ur bill. They always seemed to add another 15-20 bucks on ur bill specially if u have been drinking. So they get 4stars.
4	This place has awesome sea food my favorite are the breaded shrimp. They are too bomb only downfall of this place is how small it is and they sometimes have live music which can get a little hectic but if you don't mind that than this place is great. The portions are great you get a lot of food for your money.
4	Super fresh seafood!! How do I know? I developed a slight allergy for Shrimp when I moved to the US (everytime I eat shrimp I get hives on my face). Ate shrimp all my life back home (I grew up by the sea) and never had a problem. I go to this restaurant and eat shrimp... nothing happens and tastes delicious!!!When you arrive and sit, the waitress brings you chips and salsa and a cup of hot steamy shrimp boullion. I always order Shrimp Aguachile ( raw shrimp cooked in lime juice and chile) or Cocktel Campechana (big cup of seafood variety). I tried the Pescado Empanizado today and it was delicious!!!!! I will order that next time. ALSO there are people selling stuff like mexican pastries and other mexican food you dont really find at the stores ( like queso from Chihuahua) so bring some extra cash with you !! Things I dislike about this place: Waitresses lack of customer service skills and take forever to aknowledge that you arrived and need to be seated. I have seated myself and waited 10 minutes for the menus and What would you like to drink? Question.Music is EXTREMELY loud. I love the fact that you can go and listen to some live Banda music while you are enjoying your seafood.. however the place is too small and music too loud. I had to point my order to the waitress from the menu because she couldnt hear me so don't expect being able to conversate with your party. Those are my major issues however FOOD IS SO GOOD that I don't care..PLUS they are remodeling the restaurant and it looks like they are adding space!! Enjoy!!!!
3	While in AZ for family, we went to this place per the recommendation of some cousins. Those same cousins came with us and told us to get the platter of shrimp mojo de ajo style. I'm not a big fan of shrimp so I was like, "meh" and ordered the ceviche tostada with scallops and squid... It was pretty good. I was actually surprised by how fresh the seafood was considering we were in Arizona! I messed up. When their shrimp platters came, the smell alone got me salivating. It was a full platter of large shrimp smothered in garlic goodness. I stole a handful or so from my dad's plate and savored every bite. Those shrimp kicked my tostada's ass. Again, VERY surprised that I can now say my favorite shrimp plate is down in Arizona.The only reason I give this place a 3 is because everything else we had was alright. The little soup that comes in a cup was okay and had some definite seafood flavor, but was too salty.
3	I agree with everyone here the food is good fresh but just the service is terrible i've been here several times , and they just don't have a good customer service , i'm not saying don't go here just letting you know they're rude ...  The Ceviche is great that's why I keep coming back whoever is the cook is good that's all I got to say !!!
3	Food is better some days than others, Seems more fresh. My favorite entree is the  Aguachiles, yummy! Prices are pretty much as other Mexican seafood restaurants. But the servers/waitresses should smile more often as they currently walk around looking unhappy! LOL no really, the food is good, service not so much.
