5	Kevin, you ROCK!!I called him to inquire if he serviced refrigerators and although he doesn't, he helped me troubleshoot the problem over the phone and explained a very simple solution to get it cooling again.  All without the need for a service visit and costly repairs/replacements.Thank you for your honesty and assistance.  I'll be sure to refer others to you.I called Kevin to install a new unit for me when I couldn't get it properly repaired under warranty by Brewer's a/c.  Kevin installed a new, energy efficient unit as promised and now my tenant is happy.  I'll see you in court Brewer's.
5	This is the type of business / service-dude we need everywhere.  I own some rental homes in Phoenix, yet live in CA.  The refrigerator went out in one of my rentals over there - tenant living out of a cooler.  So I came to Yelp to find someone to check it out.  In-Phase was at the top with some good reviews.  I called and spoke to Kevin.  He tried to help me over the phone, but since I'm here in CA, and my tenant works full time it wasn't feasible (plus i wsan't going to ask my tenant to play DIY repairman)  I just wanted someone reliable to check it out.  So, he arranged a time with my tenant to check it out.  He was to go the next evening, but when he realized his last stop of that same night was about 1 mile from my tenant, he stopped by afterward (and at about 8:30pm.)  He had a quick look and determined that the compressor was fried due to a previous hack repair job.  He stepped us through the ins/outs and the procedure, and while he would have loved the work, he recommended I get a new refrig based on the fact it would cost ~200-225 to fix it.  (I had already figured if whatever repair was going to be over 150-200 that i'd get a new one anyway - it's 10yrs old)  Then he proceeds to tell me he wasn't going to even charge me for the service visit - he was literally around the corner, and we spent more time chatting than he did to determine the failure.  Dude seemed more happy for my tenant and that she'd be getting a new fridge soon . . or something?   Whaaat?  No charge? Done deal!  He went on his way, and I couldn't thank him enough. I told him I was going to write a nice review on Yelp.  He said "Now, you're the 2nd person to call me from that place . . . i'll have to check that place out."  LOL!!  (Not sure he does much computer work??, but it doesn't matter.)If there were 6 stars, I'd give it to Kevin.  You want someone good, call him.  Then tell him you're from Yelp and he'll get a laugh of it.This dude is the best.
5	Not only does Kevin from In-Phase fix AC units he also fixed all the fans in my house that were off balance.  He did not charge me for it, he just did it because it needed to be done and it would help the air flow to better cool off my house in the heat.  He explained everything and was reasonably priced.  He runs a family business too!  i will definitely recommend him to every one that wants the job done and done right.
5	Kevin is the man! I had a couple other estimates to fix my A/C at outrageous prices. Kevin came in and fixed the problem within seconds, and the A/C was up and running line new. He didn't want to even want to charge me for the service, because I plan on having him out again for a couple other maintenance issues we will be taking care of soon. We are confident he will do an amazing job on that also. Very trust worthy! You can tell he cares, and looks at things form the home owners perspective. He not just out to make a buck like some companies. I would recommend him to anyone! Thanks Kev!
5	It truly is a relief when you can find someone that you trust.  Its like when you find a good mechanic, you keep going to him even though he might be on the other side of town, because you know he's going to give it to you straight and sell you only what you need.  In a nutshell, that's Kevin.I just bought a new home, and I was concerned about the AC units because they didn't seem to be blowing enough cold air.  Kevin came out and quickly diagnosed the problem.  About an hour later things were already starting to cool down, and it didn't cost me anywhere near as much as I had feared.I know I'll need to replace one of them soon, so when I do I know who I'm going to call.
5	Returned from long vacation to find one of our Lennox central air units wasn't blowing any air, despite me being able to hear the blower motor.  Called them to schedule a service call to replace the blower.  Kevin asked some questions then instructed me to check outside for ice on the compressor line.  Sure enough, there was a grapefruit sized glossy snowball of ice on the line despite it being 100 degrees out.  Kevin said I don't need a service visit to get it running again.  Told me there's probably 6" of ice on the coils inside the air handler so I merely needed to turn it off for 3 hours, then turn the fan from auto to on for 30 minutes and everything will be fine.  He was right, it was.Kevin explained that it froze up with the storms we've had here and the sudden rise in humidity.  That a contributing factor was my too restrictive & dirty air filter from Home Depot.  And / or that I might be low on coolant.  He also explained what kind of filter to get instead of the ones we had been using.I had Kevin out a week later as a follow-up and recharged the coolant which was low.So, we'll be using Kevin from now on for all of our service & repairs.  Will give him our business too when it is time to replace our 15 year old systems!
5	Kevin is freaking amazing.  We called him after we returned from our vacation.  He did troubleshoot over the phone, but I still wanted him to come by.  He is so reliable, honest and thorough.  The only thing we needed was some freon or it equivalent now a days.  Very reasonable price and trustworthy.  I added his number to my contact list on my phone.  I am glad I have someone who can take care of my A/C in the future.
5	OMG! What a nice guy! He, Kevin, was soooo knowledgeable about AC and the history of AC. Just a wealth of knowledge. I love informed people. ok, so here's our story: Our AC went out around 5:00pm or earlier - and of course in AUGUST we're freaking out. So I called someone in the phone book and they referred me to Gottl (sp?). We called them, THEN checked Yelp, THEN called back and 'Thank you Jesus" canceled that app! "Did you see the reviews for that company?!" Anyway, we saw In-Phase in Mesa and all the great reviews. Mesa is close to my home, and so I called In-Phase around 8:00 or 8:30pm, left a message and he ACTUALLY CALLED BACK at around 9:00pm and made an appt for very early the next morning. He showed up promptly, got right to work and FIXED OUR AC! WoooooooooooHooooooooooooooooo! We are happy, happy campers. He was nice and did a great job. If I have a party, HE's sooo invited! This is the guy and company you want to call. Kisses for In-Phase AC! "Muuuuuwa!"5/25/12  - We had to call him again and AGAIN he was wonderful.  What a great guy.  If we have to replace our unit, HE'S hired!!!
5	After waking up on a Sunday morning to a cold house, I started to panic.  New heater?  If not that, how much for the repair?  My husband and I called Kevin and we quickly to try to get on Monday's schedule of calls, and we were surprised with his return call an hour later.  He talked us through what the possible problems were and instructed us on something we could do to fix the sensor.  It worked!  Kevin saved us a fair amount of money.  He's also gained our trust and he'll be receiving our business from now on!  Thanks, Kevin!
5	I love Kevin. I seriously wanted to give him a hug. He is great. He was on time. He explained everything that was wrong in great detail. I was just so happy with the work he did. We definitely will not be going anywhere else for the work we need done.
5	I have had them service my A/C twice. The first time was for a general check-up, and they did a great job. Today my A/C wasn't working right, so I gave them a call at around 6 pm. They were there in around a half of an hour, and had the problem fixed right away.  Great service!
5	Called Kevin today and got the most honest and sincere answer I've heard from a repairman all day. Our freezer and ice maker have been acting strange for a while now. Frost has developed all over and the ice maker stopped making ice. Here's a direct quote from Kevin: "I'm gonna save you about $60 on a service call, and I'm probably going to lose the job, but it's a pretty simple fix..." Kevin went on to explain EXACTLY what I needed to do to fix my freezer. I not only appreciate him saving me and my family money on the service call, but he sounded genuinely happy to help me. I couldn't recommend Kevin any higher for any service or repair needs.
5	This is the first time ever I am writing a review, but Kevin from In-Phase Air has been outstanding.  After my tenant's AC went out (condenser coil leaks) and after two SCAM contractors from Chase Roberts and another independent contractor "Chuck" charged me over $800 total for leaks and repairs, the AC still didn't work.  Kevin came out the very same day and repaired the problem by next morning.  He has been very professional and I will definitely use him for all my properties in AZ from now on.Ed
5	Kevin is amazing, he's very informative and honest to a fault about ACs. He provides competitive quotes for brand new ACs and is an AC repair wizard. I wouldn't go to anyone else with ACs and you shouldn't either.Service was great, he works real hard and is one of the most friendly people ever. Nothing but thumbs up for Kevin, he puts the customer first.
5	Kevin is friendly, talkative, and down to earth. You can instantly tell he's a genuinely good person. He's also an AC repair wizard. I took an interest in what he was doing and he gave me more information than I thought possible about my system, what to expect from it, and how to care for it so it lasts. He fixed a problem with my thermostat (I didn't realize it was my thermostat) quickly and for a very, very fair price. I highly, highly, highly recommend him. He's up there on the top of my list with Selberg Electric and Artie's Master Plumbing for A+ Arizona contractors.
1	I called this company on a Thursday 1/10/13  to obtain a quote for a new cooling & air conditioning system.  They took my name  and number and said they were in the middle of a job but would call me back later.  Today is Saturday 1/12/13 and I still have not heard back from them.  I guess they don't want my business.
1	I called this company about a quote for a new residential heat pump. Kevin was very nice to talk to and seemed very knowledgeable about ac units. However, trying to get a quote from him was impossible. He came out to check out my existing unit (he was an hour early, thankfully my roommate was home). He said he would email me the quote after I texted him my email address. I did so and didn't hear back from him. I tried two more times by calling him to have him send a quote. Both times he said he would, but I never received anything. I finally gave up trying because I didn't want to deal with the hassle.
5	Today I received two Nest Thermostats in the mail. I am not too knowledgeable when it comes to installing thermostats, but these seemed to be easy enough. I hooked everything up to what seemed was the correct connections. Upon turning my units on the thermostat said it was cooling, but my vents were putting out hot air. I called Nest to diagnose the problem, and long story short after an hour of attempting different methods was told that the thermostats were not compatible with my AC units. I was about to pack them back up, and send them back but decided since Kevin is so knowledgeable, and trustworthy I would call him to get some advice. He had the issue fixed over the phone in under five minutes. He was more than happy to help, and didn't rush me off the phone. Turns out the wires weren't color coded correctly. One of the wires which was white, I connected to the "W" input as the instructions had stated. In reality, it should be an orange wire, and should be connected to the "O" input. I don't blame the Nest customer service woman. She was genuinely trying to help. I do think that Nest should have a better handle on demographic situations such as this. Kevin on the other hand is as good as it gets. I will always give him my business when I have issues with my HVAC. And you should too.
4	Kevin is very friendly and wants you to understand what is going on. He demonstrates that he likes what he does and has a good attitude. My compressor died and since the inside coil was also falling apart, we decided to replace all but the furnace. He took a little bit longer than he said but this is to be expected sometimes. The price was great. He also gave me some good information for the future. I would use In Phase again.
5	What a Great Guy! I was trying to set up a service call and instead he spent 15 minutes (for free) walking me through what to do and how to keep it going in the future. He was very courteous, knowledgeable and thorough.  I am really going to refer him to everyone I now and scheduling an appointment for him air conditioning maintenance. Thank you!!!
5	Kevin is awesome. He is honest, reliable, and hard-working. I've used him twice and both times he exceeded my expectations! He is incredibly knowledgeable and was able to fix the wiring on my circuit board (instead of making me purchase a brand new one). I recommend him 1000%.Thanks Kevin!
5	My new A/C guy.  He is KNOWLEDGEABLE.  That is HUGE. All the other HVAC companies you call cannot give you the correct time of day.  He understood my issue exactly on the phone, knew my product and general industry information. After going to another company with really sub-par techs,   I will definitely be using Kevin to do ANY a/c work for my house.
5	Kevin is about as good as it gets.  He is very professional, cares about the safety of his customers and backs up his abilities with facts about how things should be done.  It was an enjoyable experience working with this company and I will be going back to them when my other AC unit passes out!!UPDATE!!!Kevin is the jack of all trades apparently.  His team fixed an issue with my bbq grill hood that had me throwing fits over the last year.  I had 5 contractors come up, some never called back and 1 guy actually took my motor and never returned it.  UNREAL.  Here comes Kevin, as he is installing my AC unit, I figured I would ask him about the hood issue since it could be up his alley.  He sets an appointment to measure the specs, etc....and his team fixes it the SAME DAY. No "hey its going to take 2 weeks for the part, etc" which I was fully expecting considering my prior whiffs with other servicers. Expectations exceeded.  Ridiculously good service.  Reasonable prices, and he cares about SAFETY.  When I look at all the other reviews, he seems to do this frequently.  Thanks again.
5	I called Kevin based off the Yelp reviews.  He was pretty knowledgeable and said based off what I described it sounds like a capacitor.  He sent out his son in law, Chris.  Family business which I always like to hear of and support.  Chris was also very knowledgeable and quickly identified the bubbled capacitor and had it replaced.  What I liked was that they were quick to send someone out and get me cold air when it was 112 degrees outside.  I would use them again and recommend them to others.
5	I called based upon the great Yelp reviews, but was a bit nervous having something like my A/C worked on.  I've had quotes in the past for things like plumbing, and a 30 minute job can cost $1,700.  I fully expected to hear, "your a/c is broken, so you need to buy a new one."  Much to my surprise, Kevin was just as honest as everyone says he is.  I had an extremely easy fix and the cost was minimal.  He could have easily told me that x, y, and z were wrong and I would have paid for it.  I am glad I found someone who works on appliances and A/C that I truly feel like I can trust.Thanks so much!! :)
1	These guys were about as helpful as breasts on a boar. I have a GE fridge that is fairly new. I needed the door handles tightened up. They just said call GE because they didn't want to work on GE as they don't have GE parts.....like I am going to know more than they are about how to get GE parts or find a GE appliance repair company. They wouldn't even spend the minute it might take to give me GE's tel number saying just look on the internet. If they are this crappy and unwilling to help someone in this situation, I'm sure they will be wonderful with other stuff.Thanks for the help guys,,,,,
