5	Love him and the staff!
5	Dr. Gulinson & his staff are the absolute best. I will NOT go any place else and have made several recommendations to co-workers and friends. I am 40 years old - ended up needing a hysterectomy and he was ABSOLUTELY wonderful. I can't say enough positive about how well he communicates the treatment plan and goals. He listens and answers questions. My recovery has been great - the office staff are supportive and phone calls are answered promptly. MANY THANKS to Dr. Gulinson and his team.
1	I schedule a first time appointment here showed up 20 minutes early. As a new patient It was never explained to me that the doctors office rents part of their office space out to a aesthetics company. I interacted with 3 different people, none of which told me that I was waiting in the wrong area. I used the bathroom in the doctors office, in fact I believe I even ran into the physician that was meant to see me as I was trying to find the restroom and was never informed. Every 5-10 minutes for two hours one of the two girls who run the aesthetics office I was sitting in checked in on me, asked me my name, I told them I was there for my doctors appointment and not a laser serviceI and was still never told that I was in the wrong area. Once I finally realized I had been in the wrong area I brought it to the other front office desks attention and was not given any sympathy and they took absolutely no responsibility for the miscommunication. Both doors have the doctors name plate and information pamphlets for both services. I was basically made to feel that this was my own fault for not knowing. also, that other patient took precedence over someone who had been waiting over two hours and I could be seen in an hour or longer. I am sorry but if you rent half of your joint office out to another company you owe it to your patients to let them know this or at least periodically check to see if a new patient has accidentally made this mistake. Finding a new office is not easy, being allowed to sit for two hours with people checking in on you every 5-10 minutes is ridiculous. This is outrageous and the way it was handled is offensive to say the least. I let them know that I was disappointed and frustrated by this miscommunication and was still met with a flat lined response.
