5	Ok, this is a music festival that deserves a little more than the previous positive and negative review. This was the 3rd year of Vegoose and as always it was an amazing weekend of music in Vegas. I just got back, I'm exhausted, dusty and beat. But right now I wish I could rewind and do it all again. So here is a quick recap of the weekend, for me to remember and for you to know that next year you gotta go. The night shows are a must, after a day in the sun out don't forget to get tickets in advance, they sell out.Danced my bootie off at HOB for a little Silent Disco with DJ MoPo. All I have to say is put the head phones on and just enjoy it. It's amazing, really it is. Saturday line up, M.I.A she rocked it. The stage almost collapsed with all of us going crazy. Iggy yes Iggy he's still rocking it. Thievery Corp I could see them every night, so bummed I missed the night show on Friday. Oh yeah the night shows, they are on the strip and you gotta get the energy to get back out there for a 1 a.m. show, but it's so worth it. Don't forget buy your tix in advance. And the highlight to Saturday night: DAFT PUNK. Go to YouTube there are tons of video footage from the show. Saturday night late night, Michael Franti & Spearhead 1 a.m. at the Joint. I love Franti and Spear. "I like my base loudy loudy louder"Sunday four words Rage Against The Machine! Unkle was cool but nothing can be like Rage. Superfly Productions, congrats on another amazing year at Vegoose. Until JazzFest and Bonnaroo
5	my oh my. first off i wish i went both Saturday and Sunday... i only went Sunday. that being said...Muse, Rage Against The Machine, a bottle of Jim Beam, my favorite jeans cut off at the knees due to hot weather, a whole lot of half naked sweaty boys beating me up, and the knowledge that i have to be at work in less than 12 hours makes for a perfect  combination of the rebelion i so dearly miss now that i'm no longer master of my own destiny.some fun facts:LOTS of porta pottiesdifferent styles food, not just hot dogsVERY EXPENSIVE BUD LIGHTexciting assortment of playboy bunny Halloween costumesNot too many goth kidsthe whole grass felt like astro turfdown to go again next year.
4	i don't wanna' waste to much of your time so here we go:this was a very very great festival!  the shins, MIA, queens of the stone age & daft punk were the standouts of the Saturday show!  sucks that i missed thievery corporation for like the 8th time in my life, but the time spent getting to the front row and waiting for daft punk to come on was priceless... i would have missed the birth of my first child just to get that close again!!!!the shins played from all their albums and even covered "breathe" by pink floyd... that was sick as fuck!!!!MIA did her thing and got me and my group to get down with the get down as well!!!!queens of the stone age fuckin' rocked that shit out as i expected them to do and managed to hype everyone up that was waiting for daft to go on.  they've made a bigger fan out of me too!waiting in the front row amongst thousands of people pushing alllllll the way from the back was an experience in itself, but one that i would definitely do over!  after bartering water for weed and telling everyone around me that hadn't seen daft before that they would pee themselves just a little bit out of shear excitement, is something that i will remember the rest of my life!!!! now, i can go on and on and on about daft punk, but it's gotten to the point that I'm at a loss for words when explaining daft punk live!!!!  fucking phenomenal performers!!!!  best show of any genre of music... ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i would take my kids, if i had any, to this show and tell them, "remember this shit kids, cuz there will never be anything like this in your lives again... not even your wedding day!!!!" yeah, they're that fuckin great!!!!one last thing...fuck las vegas cab drivers!!!!  those fuckers were straight hustlin' everyone trying to get back to their hotel rooms on the strip!!!!  those fuckers would cruise up to groups waiting alongside the road and say, "$50 back to the strip."  if you questioned them on it, they would drive the fuck off!!!!!  so for this reason vegoose only gets for stars... even though it was a well rounded festival with top notch performers to boot!!!!***ursa major***
4	iggy and the stooges with mike watt. public enemy. "historical". (yes, not historic. historical.) my highlights.blonde redhead. the shins. theivery corp. gogol bordello. cypress hill. ghostland observatory. mia. muse.i was alice. i AM alice. he was the mad hatter. we were BOTH mad.matrimony with mr. t, ozzy, alice cooper, tina turner, oh and michael. (jackson, of course.) "hysteric" (and most likely hysterical.)5 stars denied because i needed more...well, uh...nevermind.
4	This show was just aight for me. It was billed as being at the Sam Boyd Stadium, so I really thought there was going to be seating, facilities, concrete to walk on, etc. Instead it's in the field next to the stadium. Although the ground was at least dry, well packed down and the grass was very short, it was so dusty I felt like I'd smoked 2 packs of cigarettes in the few hours we were there. Also, the slope at the main stage wasn't enough for someone short like me to see a thing on stage without standing back a couple hundred feet. Naturally, the port-o-potties were in a terrible state by 7pm on the first day, but at least the lines weren't nearly as long as the interminably slow drink lines. Lastly, there were no ins and outs so even if we wanted to walk the 1.5 miles back to our car for more water, we couldn't have.On the other hand, there seemed to be a great variety of delicious concessions and the people were generally cool and friendly. It was great fun seeing people in costume - the creativity, the amazing variety of "sexy ____" costumes, and it's much easier to talk to and meet strangers when in costume. The only reason I'm not giving this show 3 stars is because of the costumes and that Daft Punk headlined this year.The Daft Punk show is the most awesome thing I've ever seen in my whole life. The light show is simply amazing and the progression of the  music and lights together is so exhilarating, it's almost like a religious experience for those who like this kind of music. We'd already seen them in Berkeley, but seeing them again here made us so convinced that this show is the best thing ever that we're going to Tokyo next month to see it again - twice. I guess it goes to show that one amazing act can make even less-than-ideal concert conditions well worth it.
5	Bring back Vegoose! I think Sin City is ready for a Coachella-like indie rock fest, after the success of the Electric Daisy Carnival a few months ago and the more modest triumph of the Matador 20 celebration at The Palms last year.
5	Best music festival ever. Just poorly promoted.
5	Superfly, please resurrect Vegoose. Please. We will be better this time around. We promise to tell our friends, neighbors, and even random concert-goers about your festival. Insomniac, with EDC, has shown that festival-goers can be brought into town. People are finally willing to travel to Las Vegas for a music festivals. The Cosmo, with its indie series, has shown that there can be organic appreciation for great music. The other festival they are organising downtown will show it too. We are ready, Superfly. Bring Vegoose back. -------------------------------------------------The first year I went was the last iteration of this festival. I have an excuse though; it was the first one since I had moved to Las Vegas or even lived on the continental U.S.Vegoose attendees wore costumes; only major or semi-major festival I had seen people do that. Really affordable festival passes, especially when one considers the line-up: Daft Punk, RATM, QOTSA, Muse, Iggy & The Stooges, M.I.A., Shins, et al. Parking was free. If there is ever another Vegoose, you must attend. Just buy passes and have a costume ready for each night. - E
