4	Found my wedding dress here. The ladies are very nice and helpful. I came in with a few different styles from the Maggie Sottero line that I saw. Heather showed me what she had, and also brought me dresses that were similar.  We found a perfect dress for me.  I ordered it, and it took a little longer than expected, but its gorgeous. Check this place out, it has some nice dresses and what I thought was reasonable prices.
4	I've been to numerous bridal & evening gown stores in the valley. I've hated all of them. I found a dress on line by Marys Bridal, the informal collection. I called all 12 stores who are suppose to carry it in the valley, Prescott, Flagstaff, and Tucson looking for this dress. Not one store had it. By this time, I've already tried on 45 dresses. I've hated 44 of them. I really liked this dress a great deal. When I called Molina Bridal, I spoke to Heather. She said she had a similar dress with the identical cut. No one out of the 11 other stores suggested this to me. She said if I tried it on and liked it, she could order me the Mary's Bridal dress I was looking for. I went in the next day. Heather was very nice, honest, and understanding. My attitude wasn't pleasant because I've tried on so many crummy dresses and nothing fit right. She didn't give up on me. I liked her and the other people a lot. She also called the manufacturer and found out they have the dress in stock in my size and I could get it in a week. I ordered it the next day. Their staff is very personable and not because they are putting on a front. They genuinely care about your concerns and make suggestions to help you out. The price was very good and at the low end of the price range for this dress. Their alterations are inexpensive. For body alterations: $40. For a hem: $40. This is nothing compared to the other bridal stores. These alterations would be $150-$200 somewhere else. My dress comes in, in a week. Their dresses are very reasonably priced. Their formal gowns & bridesmaid dresses are priced from $79 on up. Very reasonable. I would highly recommend this store due to their courtesy, knowledge, helpfulness, and prices.
1	I recently picked up my wedding dress, that the Owner, Sondra, said she would store for me. When I went to pick it up, I gave Heather, one of the other Owners, my name and immediately, she said "Oh.....I hope we still have your dress" as if they have lost or misplaced dresses in the past. I was on high alert due to this comment, like any bride would be. She returns from going in the back room with what looks like a package due to it being folded up into a rectangle shaped package with twine on either sides. This was how they decided to "store" my dress. She cuts the twine and begins to unravel the dress which was inside a cheap protector. She did not offer to steam the dress and stated "well....here ya go". Needless to say I am severly disappointed with the bridal store, and will NEVER refer anyone and highly recommend others to shop elsewhere. I contacted my wedding planner to let her know what happened and that I am going to need it to be steamed elsewhere as they are not willing to do it nor do I trust them at this point. My planner emailed the owener, Sondra to let her know what occured, even though Sondra was in the back room, listening to the whole thing and did not try to do ANYTHING! Sondra said she tried to call my planner, but yet my planner did not have any missed calls from her. Regardless, my planner emailed her back and set up a specific time for Sondra to call her, which Sondra never did and completely stood up my planner. Clearly communication is a problem for this small business owner as well as with Heather, the other Owner, I am happy I have my dress but man what an ordeal & I hope NO bride has to EVER go through what I experienced as it was purely unprofessional and lacking everything that a service orientated business should care about!!
5	FANTASTIC! Sondra is amazing and so is her help, I went in looking for 1 thing and walked out with the dress of my dreams all because she took the time to see how dresses were fitting me and where my wedding was at, this was a busy saturday and we went in with out an appt, she was warm, inviting and incredibly helpful! Although it is a drive for me, I do not think I could have had a better experience! The ladies at Molina Bridal are top notch!!!
1	My experience with Molina Bridal was about three years ago.  I didn't do yelp then or you better believe I would have put this comment then.  I'm looking for dresses again and saw Molina on here so thought I should warn those considering this place.At first our experience was great.  Heck it was amazing.  We had gone to other places and looked at dresses for my nieces quinceanera and they just couldn't do what we wanted.  Then we went to Molina.  The staff was so nice and helpful and painted a beautiful picture.  We selected dresses for the girls - 14 of them from one of the books they had.  They we simple black dresses but we wanted to add some pink to it so decided on a pink strap that would be sewn in around the waist about two inches thick.  When the dresses came in we all went for a fitting, only one of the dresses had the strap and it was only pinned on so we could see.  We were fine with that and actually glad because the strap was not even.  Where the strap was to meet in the back on either side of the zipper, you could clearly see that the strap wasn't evenly cut.  One side was about 1/4 in thinner.  They assured us this was just a fast cut done so we could see the look but that everything would be done perfect.  A couple weeks before the quinceanera the dresses weren't done yet.  The girls weren't able to pick them up until the week of.  The girls started picking up the dresses on Wednesday for a Saturday event.  On Friday we had our final rehearsal and I had all the girls bring there dresses so they could try them on and we could see how they looked in them.  We were so excited to see them in there dresses.  Then that excitement turned to horror when the girls started coming out in there dresses.  The satin straps that they had sewn on were horrible.  On some you could see the yarn, that's how poorly and loose the strap was sewn in.  The majority of the others were like the strap was at the fitting.  Where the strap meet in the back, I had two dresses extremely off.  One side was the 2 inches it should have been and the other closer to 1 inch!!!!  No way did the seamstress not notice how off that was, they just didn't care!!!!I immediately called them and they were extremely rude and laughed, yes they even laughed.  I told them I would be there in the morning and that someone better fix at minimum the two dresses that were so horribly off.  They flat out told me know and that they would call the police if I went.  Now I was mad when I called them because they were extremely rude but to refuse to fix the dresses and threaten to call the police.  That is crazy.  The morning of the quince, I drove with the two girls and their dresses to Molina's and when they saw me pull up they locked the doors.  They just looked at me and smirked.  That didn't go to well for them as a few other cars pulled at the same time as me, all potentially new customers so I proceeded to tell them my story and show them the dresses. One of the girls at Molina's came out and told the others they could enter, they all got back into their cars and left.  I ended up taking the dresses to Ofelias Bridal all the way across town.  I remind you, this is the day of the event.  I went, spoke to Ofelia directly and she was amazing.  I had dealt with her 10 years prior for my own quince and kicked my self for not going to her in the first place.  Ofelia took the dresses and told me to come back in an hour.  We left and got our makeup done and came back for the dresses.  They were perfect.  She even fixed a few other mistakes on the dresses that I hadn't even asked but she noticed when she had the girls try the dresses on when we first went.  We made it back home to finish getting ready and in the end, those two dresses were the best ones.  I'm sure not all experiences will be like ours but I definitely wouldn't chance it ever again!!
1	Terrible!!! Go elsewhere, do not waste your time. I don't know where to begin. First, the owner ordered a dress size bigger than what the bridesmaid had originally ordered without notification. When asked why she did that she said that she talked to bride and got her approval, the bride not once received a call. Second, one of the bridesmaids dress had to get altered 4 times because they could not get it correct. Third, the grooms suit was 4 sizes bigger than his size, they told him it would be fixed the day before the wedding and of course it was still too big. Needless to say, the groom had to go buy a new suit the day before his wedding. No discount was given to groom or bridesmaid. Do not go to this place, it is horrible.
1	Bought a prom dress for my daughter and went to take it back to be steamed and when we got home there was a hole in the outer layer netting of the dress that was not there when I dropped it off.  I immediately called over there and of course she said that my alterations lady must have burned it when all she did alter the straps.  Somehow I knew she would say that.  I will never recommend this place, she was rude when I dropped the dress off and would not take responsibility of their mistake.  If the dress had a whole in it when I dropped it off then why didn't she say that when I called to find out if te dress was done.  Never again will I deal with these liers.
