5	Probably not one of my more timely reviews...St. Mary's apparently began its life as the chapel of an orphanage (which itself is no longer standing).  Now it is just the chapel, which is used for weddings - I suppose other events could take place there as well, but weddings are far and away the most popular event at the chapel.Take note of that if you plan to get married there (as we did).  We went in late January and they were booked through August.  This means that every possible slot was filled - in two-hour increments - more than seven months in advance.  In other words, plan ahead.As luck would have it, browsing one page at a time, we managed to find a single slot that had been canceled, so we grabbed it, and that lone factor is what sealed our wedding date (a mere two months from our engagement date, rather less than that from the time we went to find a venue).  But we are very glad it did, because the location itself rocks.Nestled just outside the 277 loop, on the grounds of Thompson Park (also the site of the Vietnam Veterans memorial), the chapel and the park offers a nice respite from the busy-ness of Uptown while being close to everything.  The trees provide great cover, so you barely know you are so close to the city, and inside it is like you have stepped back in time.  You can even have your organist play a harpsichord (if they are able).Since our wedding party was intimate - just the immediate family - we had the whole group entirely on the raised dais, which provided a nice treat to everyone, rather than scattering them in the pews, which would have separated everyone far too much (for larger parties, it would certainly be fine).  Big thumbs up.
3	I have a bit of a soft spot for oasisy parks. That's definitely the descriptor for this spot. If you come at it from the wrong angle, you might not even notice it, nestled between construction sites and busy traffic along 3rd, 4th and kings. But if you look sort of downish toward the park from 4th, you catch a perfect framing of flowering trees, the little chapel, the pagoda inspired gazebo, the simple walking path that then turns into a Vietnam war timeline. It's just a tasteful little park around a chapel with enough walking and sitting space to provide a quick respite, provided the hour is not too trafficky. You could certainly relax here in the sleepy noontime pre rush hour.
4	Great venue for a wedding - I attended a couple of weddings here and the chapel is very quaint.  If you like historic little places with lots of character and don't want to get married in an actual church, this is a great option. It is also centrally located between midtown & uptown districts, which is nice if you have people coming from out of town or simply from different sides of town. There is a beautiful garden outdoors with lots of trees and a sweet little gazebo which is perfect for those wedding photos.
5	Beautiful littel chapel, not a Church, this facility is now only used for Weddings and it is pretty good idea and location for that, small chapel with large grounds and the weather was great for photos, i was a little hurt that i was not shooting my first wedding, then later releaved and glad my friend and yeas he is a jock of course explained that his brides mom needed to be the one to chose the photographer, i gleamed so ideas from himback to the review, this place does have that Historic look and fell to it and the cordinator was cool as she could be for our group, or one half of, to be so disorganized, bet she did not plan on being a zookeeper that day, she remained as calm as ive seen, so she gets high marks totightly scheduled for a party known for lateness, not me a caught a ride with the puncual few, wich means the groom picked me up, ok they give you more than enough time if you get there on time, ive said too much about my friends wife and her family,mmmuhwhat about the honeymoon? good question and i do not want to know, my friend is 19 and his bride is in her 20s so they could have stayed in Matthews or Pineville and saved some monetthanks to everyone for liking my reviews, i'm back
4	It was a very small and beautiful chapel. We were here for a wedding and sat in the back and could still see and hear everything. It's in the outskirts of the city, so lots to do and the park next to it was nice to walk thru to kill time. Only draw back is the parking. We ended up parking by the Target and walking the trail to the chapel.
4	This little chapel is more quaint than you can imagine. From the outside, it looks like a humble building without any bells and whistles or even modern amenities. Though surrounded by a beautiful plot of greenspace amid busy Kings Dr, 4th, and 3rd St.  I've been to a handful of weddings here and they have all been spectacular. For those seeking a smaller ceremony with an intimate feel, and perhaps more of a less modern or dated feel, St Mary's is perfect. A bit of a bonus is the connection to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway. You're maybe a hundred yards from steps that take you onto the path. The whole site is run by CharMeck Parks & Rec and they do a darn good job of keeping it pretty. Love this spot!
