5	Make sure you set an appointment. Top Gear is playing on the tv! Friendly staff. I only got an oil change mind you. Very professional. I know where I'm getting my oil changes from now on.
4	Good service.
1	We arrived to pick up our truck in the middle of a fullblown August monsoon.  Not only was our vehicle left unlocked in a place where it was unattended, but the windows were left completely rolled down, so the interior was soaked.  When my husband mentioned this to the receptionist, she merely said, "OK, I'll tell them".  No apologies, nothing.  What????They did no diagnosis whatever, they didn't address the Check Engine light that was on.  No customer service whatsoever.  Apparently not Meinekes are the same, because we have had excellent service from the Chandler Meineke on Alma School & Ray.
2	Been here about 10 times 5 for oil changes another 5 for services on my car. My experience with this meineke was great at first then took a nose dive on my recent visits. I paid 168$ to have a steering problem fixed, picked it up; steering still bad transmission and gauges having problems. Tried calling, their closed. Next morning took it in soon as they opened. Had them look at it, he says another 260$, replace a whole part(had warranty), gonna take all day. I asked about yesterday's pay, he said nothing he could do. So I basically paid 160 for nothing....by the end of the day I picked my car up and it was completely fixed and all was better. I'm glad they did their job,but it could of been better the first time. Be wary of having your car serviced here. Also, this was just one of two problems I had here. Only reason I consider coming back is for its convenient location and I have parts under warranty here.
1	I wish I could put negative stars on here.... Went to get a oil changed and tire rotation when I got my car back the radio didn't work, all the electric had been tripped and I now need a serious alignment. The manager basically told me to bad so sad it's not their problem, they were busy and they had no time to fix their mistakes.  They didn't even offer to fix another day or anything just that it was my problem now.
