5	I thought I had been flossing correctly all these years, but I still got gum disease.  Dr. Sean Gubler cleaned it up with a laser and his hygienist taught me how to prevent this from happening again.  I've been back for a bridge and several crowns.  Here's why like really like Dr. Sean:1- He is gentle.  (My dentist growing up was like going to Dr. Frankenstein - he did a lousy job and it always hurt.)2- Dr. Sean is a perfectionist.  He corrected some of my early dental work so I would stop grinding my teeth - what an amazing change!3- State of the art equipment - digital x-rays, one appointment crowns, and I don't really know what else except that it was painless.4- No long wait - he manages his appointment times pretty well.  I'm typically in the chair within 5 or 10 minutes.5- Friendly courteous staff.  (I had to take my son to an oral surgeon in town that treated me like I had just asked to borrow the surgeon's Ferrari!)6- A couple of my friends had been putting off some problem teeth until they were in severe pain - I insisted they call - the staff made room in the schedule to get them right in - both were thrilled with the results.You'll love this guy.
2	I picked Gubler Dental because it was close to our house and at first I didn't have any issues, but recently I've had a few problems so I've decided to find another dentist.One issue was they did some work on my wife and she was in quite a bit of pain for several days and it turns out she needed a different procedure than what was originally done.  The billing also got messed up and took quite a while to resolve.Another issue was I went in for my cleaning and at the end of the cleaning the hygienist let me know that the dentist was actually out of the office and she would have him call me to follow-up about her recommendations.  Guess what?  No call.Finally, when I made the decision to switch to another dentist I called to find out if I could get my x-rays from my previous cleaning.  They told me I could stop by and I asked when they closed and was told 5pm.  I showed up just after 4:30pm and the doors were locked.  Luckily someone was walking past so they opened the door and got me what I needed.
5	I have always enjoyed going to the dentist but, being new to Vegas has caused me to check out my options and Gubler Dental was my first stop! I have decided it will definitely be my final decision here in Henderson. They are more thorough then any dentist I have been to in my 24 years of life! I now know more about my mouth then I ever did and Jackie from my first visit made me feel comfortable while the computer was giving her some issues. My cleaning was done by Erin whom I LOVE! She is a smart cookie and she knows her stuff which makes me confident in my decision making. I also met Dr. Sean Gubler who was able to break the news to me that I could benefit from "a lot" more flossing. My teeth are smiling! I will be seeing them again on Friday and I can't wait!
4	I recently switched to this dental office after being disappointed time after time after time with my past office.  Gubler Dental was recommended by one of my best friends, so I took the plunge.So far, I have been twice for cleanings.  Rachelle is awesome and knows exactly what she is doing. She is also knowledgeable and friendly! I was in there my first time almost an hour as she did a very thorough job and took the time to explain things to me.  My prior hygienist barely spoke to me.The first time I was examined by Dr. Chad Gubler.  He was friendly, told me about his background, and that he was in this office with his brother, and two of his other brothers were in another office. Lots of dentists in one family!  He asked if I had any questions, and really listened to me.  He didn't try to push sell anything on me, and suggested I get my wisdom teeth out. The second time I went in, I took my son and saw Dr. Sean Gubler.  I had to switch due to the days that I am available. He had worked with children in the past, so this was a nice fit.  He sat and spoke with my son and didn't address me to answer for my son.  I liked that, as I am not sure what goes on in my son's mouth.  He was very friendly and professional.The staff is nice, the location is convenient, except that you have to park at the rear of the building and take a really slow elevator up, but that's not Gubler Dental's fault.  I will stay with this dentist for a while to come.
5	I lost a crown while in town on vacation. My hotel hooked me up with Dr. Sean Gubler. He fit me in his schedule that same day and fixed my crown, saving my vacation. He and his assistants were great. I highly recommend them.
5	Sean Gubler handled my dental care all in one visit.  After many years of neglect, and some other underlying health issues, I opted for oral sedation and had one tooth extracted and 10 cavities filed...after never having a cavity in my life before.I found this dentist efficient, professional, with a willingness to answer my questions.They do tend to handle scheduling of the hygienists very tightly...which can mean the need for more visits.I would recommend them to anyone needing dental care, just make sure they are a provider on your dental insurance from the start of any treatment.
