4	This place brings me back to when I was a kid and my parents brought me to get ice cream!  The people are friendly and the ice cream is great!  A great place to grab a treat fro yourself or your family :)
4	Fast friendly service and great ice cream. Deducted one star for price though, 2 cups of ice cream without toppings was $4 and change.
4	I love the opportunity to have soft serve or scoop ice cream. The 31 degrees blast with butterfinger was awesome. Lots of butterfinger and the soft serve ice cream has a delicious vanilla flavor. The caramel sauce on the sundae is great and they put almonds on it instead of peanuts. The workers are very friendly and happy to give small pink spoon samples. The only downside is the cost. The price can be expensive.
4	Great ice cream, but pricey. Won't go without a coupon...but they have lots out there. I had the snickers and my kids like the wild and reckless sorbet.
5	Baskin Robbins is awesome. There is a wide verity of ice cream to choose from plus you can turn any ice cream into a Sundae. My preference is chocolate chip cookie dough winning.
5	We love this place!  We always receive great service.  It's usually a bit busy, but the employees are always happy and helpful.I also love the indoor and outdoor seating options.  They recently added a really cute kids bench with umbrella.Not only do they have a great selection of flavors and options, they also have tons of ready made treats like ice cream cakes, desserts, and pre-packed quarts.  A+ in our book!
3	Ice cream is great and so are their employees but there are typically only 2 people working and the wait gets long, especially when whole families come in. I also think it's a little on the pricey side for ice cream
4	Jamoca Almond Fudge! Its hard to find but they have it here...so good!
2	We came here at 8:50 and the doors were locked!  We could see the girls counting out at the end of the night, BUT, it closes at 9:00!  I'm not an ice-cream person, but decided I wanted a Sunday. We passed on dessert at the restaurant we just came from and decided we wanted ice-cream. We Yelped the closest ice-cream places, as we are not from LV and found this one. They ended up opening the doors for us,  think they thought we would have gone away, but when I'm in the mood for something, I don't give up and they had another 10 minutes before their actual closing time!!! Anyway, I'm giving them 2 stars and that is only for reopening. You can't go wrong with Baskin Robbins, but you can for service.
5	Great place! This store is well taken care of and the staff is more than gregarious. The set up allows for indoor and outdoor seating to enjoy all the flavors BR is know for. I'd suggest having an extra attendant during peak hours to allow a faster flow of customers, but other than that, this place is phenomenal!
4	This is a pretty darn good Baskin-Robbins:) They seem to do a ton of business at this location, which is fortuitously located right across from both Centennial Hills library and the YMCA. (AKA NW kids central)I've never seen more than two employees working at one time, but on hot evenings (which are frequent around these parts!) the line of customers sometimes reaches almost back to the door. If anyone at Baskin-Robbins corporate offices were beating down my door for advice, I would recommend scheduling three employees for the busier times of day and the weekends. Maybe one employee at peak hours could strictly man the cash register while the other two handle the samples and scooping. I notice that the putting on and taking off of gloves over and over tends to hold up the line even further. But while we're on the topic of the line, enormous kudos to the people who work here for tirelessly handing out sample after sample with a smile to little kids (and maybe big kids, too) and never losing their outgoing and friendly demeanors. This is just generally a very friendly and nice to place to get some delectable ice cream-y goodness.
1	Staff was rude,prices were to high, wondered why nobody was there... Well go to golden spoon or DQ
1	Talk about disappointment.  Went there yesterday afternoon for the first time in ages.  Son and I both ordered milkshakes.  The soda jerk made them to spec (watched her weight the ice cream and measure the milk.  Turned out to be very high calorie chocolate milk - I mean this was the thinnest milkshake I have had in my entire life, and at 60+ I've had more than a few.  Next time will go to DQ or Sonic.
3	I haven't been in a Baskin in ages. With so many other ice cream shop options, the chain just doesn't ever come to mind. We happen to be right in this area and wanted some sweets at a time when many places were closing. I ended up getting a mint chocolate shake. The BF got a oreo salted caramel peanut thing. My shake was A-OK. Good, but nothing special. I was in for ice cream, but I wasn't fond of the texture so I figured if you blend it up, it'll be much better. I don't see myself coming here very often as it's been nearly a decade since my last visit and I'm not barring the door to come back. If youre in the Target shopping center, at the YMCA this is a convenient spot to get a cold treat.
1	Me and my husband went to this location for the 1st time. ..we went in right before closing really in the mood for hot fudge Sundays ... The girl says oh sorry we ran out of hot fudge at like 7:00 tonight ..... I mean really ???? Baskin Robbins without hot fudge is like McDonald's without fries !!! I mean the girl could have at least given us a free scoop with the 2 orders we placed!!!... .
4	Cleanliness: 4 StarsThe front of this chain ice cream parlor is clean and well kept, counters, glass and condiment areas were all free of debris and smudges. The restroom was clean but didn't smell the freshest. Hospitality: 3 starsThe staff was attentive and polite but was snippy due to the amount of customers in line. When ordering our food we have two small kids, it tends to take an extra minute or two and this seemed to irritate the young staff. Food: 5 StarsThe portions are good sized, and everything was fresh and as expected. Quick service, and an accurate order are not easy to find some times. Overall: 4 StarsThis place is great for a "quick treat" and for carry out but not for a dress up date night as it wasn't very intimate..
