4	After two car accidents in under a year, my neck and back were in pretty terrible shape. I've been to Spooner after each accident, and after the standard 8-12 weeks of treatment, I felt like my young spunky self again. The first accident was a T-Bone on my passenger side, and my neck was all funky and hurting. Ryne massaged, manipulated and exercised my neck and shoulders back into pre-accident shape. He also equipped me with exercises to continue after treatment ceased, and they continued to help make my life better, especially since I'm at a desk all day long typing and designing away.The second accident was much worse. I was at a complete stop when I was rear-ended at 35+ mph. My neck, shoulders, back, and arms were achy and had shooting pains. I had a constant headache until Torrey started treating me. Torrey is Ryne's older brother, and he's a miracle worker with my neck and shoulders. Now, after 8 weeks of treatment, I'm feeling much better, and should hopefully soon receive the "we don't wanna see you anymore" go ahead to resume my normal life.These guys know their stuff - if you ever need PT, I'd recommend them. My mom (59 years old) went to Ryne after a leading surgeon botched her knee replacement. After a new replacement, she was in serious pain, and Ryne coaxed her leg back into shape and health with patience and understanding. She said she'll never go to anyone else.
4	Had a great experience rehabbing from a car accident injury.....Paul and David (the PT Team at Scottsdale) took great care of me and helped me get back in working order in only 6 weeks.  The equipment was top notch at the gym, amenities were nice, and location was very close to home.
4	I've been having lower back problems and when my primary care doctor sent me to a back & spine specialist, all they wanted to do was inject cortisone into my back. Well, my therapists at Spooner has been working on getting my back pains controlled thru strengthening my core and they have been successful in doing that!  What I am even more happy about is no medicine was involved!  The therapists here are trained to be caring and professional and they do a good job of helping patients get better physically !!!!
5	As I age and stay active, I'm learning about the importance of knowing a top-notch physical therapist....and Torrey Foster at Spooner Physical Therapy is exactly that.Over the past few years, I've experienced lower back pain (SI), a broken bone (ankle - probably done with basketball), shoulder impingement, and a strained glute/hamstring.  I've tried several PT's with mixed results....but, my recent experiences at Spooner with Torrey make me feel like my search is over.What makes so happy:1). First and most importantly:  I am making progress with healing.  I've been working on two issues, and both are being treated in ways that are providing great results.  2).  Torrey takes the time to explain what's going on (I love/need to know what the issues are, and he even breaks out his textbooks for me!).  He also pays close attention to my pain, my progress, and adjusts accordingly.  3). The PT assistants are helpful and friendly.  I've worked with two, Julie and Karen, and have been pleased with both of them.  They explain each exercise clearly, watch to make sure I'm doing them properly, and are upbeat and encouraging as I work thru moments of pain. And here's the thing about Spooner:  The time spent at Spooner is very efficient.  Appointments start on time, the PT assistant works 1-1 with you as you move thru your regimen.  You move along at a good pace, though there is more than enough time to talk - it does NOT feel like being rushed at all.  Rather, it feels respectful of the fact that you need get back to work/school/etc. in a reasonable amount of time.
5	Followed my therapist from Scottsdale Spooner to Biltmore office. After back surgery can't be more grateful for Spooner & my therapist, Ryne Foster. Works me hard but getting great results. Thanks for everything.
