2	This is a new Philly cheesesteak restaurant in Arizona Mills Mall. It looks like it replaced Great Steak and Potato which used to be one of my favorite quick service restaurants in AZ Mills. Arizona Mills is doing a big food court overhaul and this seemed to be one of many new restaurants.I was not impressed. I got the buffalo chicken philly, which is what I always used to get at Great Steak. It was extremely salty and the chicken was like deli slices instead of an actual chopped up chicken breast. It was drowning in sauce and so salty I downed two waters afterwards. I realize that I should not expect a ton from a quick service restaurant in the mall but Great Steak used to make this sandwich so well and this was no where near the same quality. It took about ten minutes to get one sandwich which wasn't too bad. Overall, bad food. I will not be back.
1	Over priced menu for subpar food  12$ for a cheese steak sandwich and over cooked fries   pass up
3	Not very impressed. We got the steak bowl over fries. It took a looooong time to be ready. Fries were good (lots of them, and lots of bell peppers and onion but not much  meat.)Over $16 for a bowl, a side of fries and a soda.
2	Don't come here hungry for breakfast.  Cause they do NOT have their sh*t together.  Stood in line while the guy tried to figure out how to work the register for like 30 minutes.  It was between the Chipotle style place the next stall over, or this place.  And neither were moving people through the line.  With a hungry toddler, you can imagine how fun THAT was..waiting to just order food.  The food was mediocre.  We ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches - one with sausage and one with steak.  Honestly, I could have made the same thing at home. And better.So save your money and eat before you arrive (which we intended on doing, but every restaurant in the area was packed).
1	Worst Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had! Not sure if it's the seasoning on the beef or the beef but it has no flavor and very bland. Waste of $10! Won't be coming back.
2	We decided to stop here for loaded cheese fries because we wanted a snack to hold us over until dinner. It seemed OK at first, but the cashier struggled to get our order entered, and we had to keep repeating what we wanted. When we did finally get our order and got it over to the tables in the food court, we found out that it had been both entered wrong and as a result made wrong. I had to go back to the counter to ask for the side that should have already been with the fries, and had to wait in line to even get someone's attention for help even though I already waited in line and paid for my food the first time. While I was standing in line waiting, I noticed that the same cashier made mistakes on two other peoples' orders. The food itself was very good, but the service was frustrating. I would be willing to go back and give them another try because the food was good, but hopefully they can get their service up to par.
2	This place has the chance to be great, but unfortunately it just isn't there right now. We wanted a snack to hold us over during the in between time of lunch and dinner, so we headed over for some fries to share. The cashier seemed confused about how to ring up our order. It was clear that this was truly the case when our order came out and was incorrect - so upon checking the receipt we noticed it was rung in incorrectly.My husband headed back up to their store front to let them know that it wasn't what we ordered, and after a wait to get someone's attention, we finally had the correct one. Sadly, the food didn't make up for the service and being ignored to fix the initial error. The cheese was luke warm and the bacon really didn't have any flavor. Overall: C-Poor service and just mediocre food. There are plenty of other options in this food court, so this place is a future pass.
3	OK food. Nothing great, mall food Good food a hold lunch if you happen to be at the mall. Rain forest cafe has much better food but does cost more. Staff friendly and looked clean. I would go back.  I had the Phily finest cheese steak meal.
2	Not impressed and I was really looking forward to trying it.Got a cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms and cheese sauce.  The vegetables were al dente and needed to be cooked much longer.  The cheese sauce was under the food and not on top which I prefer.  The cheese sauce also was not tasty.The best part of the meal were the fries and the vinegar they have available to put on top.For two cheesesteaks, one fries and one disgusting sweet BBQ order of chicken wings the bill was $27.  For a food court meal!  Ick!
1	First the bread tasted stale, hardly and steak on my sandwich and the cheese tasted like craft singles yuck! One good thing there fries are great.
2	This place is OK. I have only had the Chicken Philly sandwich and it has been really good each time that I have had it. My husband ordered the bacon ranch fries and by the time that he received his food, it was cold. He then had to take it back so that they could remake it. He said that his food was actually good after he received a fresh hot order. So it's a thumbs up for me but it's not the best that I have ever had either. So if you are in the mall and looking for something decent to eat, this place would be good if you order the Chicken Philly sandwich. One thing that I was not happy about is the fact that they are a bit over priced. My regular sandwich and my husbands Bacon Ranch Fries ended up costing us over $14, which is a bit ridiculous to me. So if you don't want to spend that much or more for two people to eat, I would say look elsewhere because it's not worth it.
