5	Two other AC companies were going to charge me double for the same fix.  Accutemp has a new customer for life!  Highly recommend!
5	After 4+ bids for an AC Unit, I went with AccuTemp.  Matt was helpful and honest.  He gave us time to do our research and answered all our questions.  The installers were professional and although a mistake was made, they came out quickly upon realizing there was a problem and corrected their mistake.  Mike was on top of it and wanted us to know that they stood behind their work.  Hopefully there will be no more problems in the future but should there be, I am sure they will be there to help and fix them.
5	I called Monday morning during a heat wave and said that our unit was not cooling down as much as it should a hot afternoon.  They said they either could come out in the afternoon or the next day, which--considering we still had a/c and it was cool at night--was fine.  They did keep in touch (it was the next day), and I found the technician to be on-time and responsive.  (Some freon just needed to be added.)  The service call was $65 and the lb. of freon $25, so it was very reasonable.  He told me the techs work by the hour and not on commission like some companies, so they don't try to sell you something they don't need.  I definitely would use this company again.
5	FABULOUS! Thanks Yelp writers for the reviews! You guys put in touch with a great company.
5	Consummate professionals.I called at 8:30pm on a Saturday night with a broken A/C unit. They indeed called back within the hour (as promised on their web site) and offered to come out the same night. The woman who called clearly explained what the rates would be and what I could expect. I decided it could wait until morning (since one of our two units was still working) so we agreed on 9:00am Sunday morning.The technician arrived promptly, was very personable and polite, and quickly diagnosed and fixed the issue. He explained that their technicians do not work on commission so they are not under any pressure to oversell or overcharge.House is nice and cool now--everything is great. Huge thank you to AccuTemp. 100 degree heat + broken A/C = no fun.
2	Their tech showed up the same morning I called which is great for response time for an AC repair.  He took a long time but couldn't get the unit running cold.  He seemed to be hung on selling me a newer unit instead.  The next day a tech from a different AC company got it running in just a few minutes.  Eventually I did replace the entire AC unit, and the price I paid was well below the Accutemp estimate.
2	The only reason I'm giving AccuTemp two stars INSTEAD of one is because their replacement specialist Mike was awesome.  If we could have dealt with him the entire time we would have gone ahead with the repairs -and likely be giving them a better review right now.  The reason they are getting such a low rating is because:I called AccuTemp originally because I liked the fact that their technicians are non-commisioned.  I told the lady who answered the phone that I needed to schedule a repair estimate.  She responded, "A repair estimate. Okaaay."  My initial instinct was to hang-up.  I have an A/C unit that is functioning subpar and I'd like someone to take a look at it.  Call it what you want, I could do without the attitude I was getting over the phone.  But I thought, just because receptionist irks me, doesn't mean their technicians aren't great.  So I clarified what I wanted and we scheduled an appointment for a couple days later.We wanted an estimate for replacing the Air Handler up in the attic at a rental property.  The replacement specialist (Mike) gave us a quote, but suggested that we have one of their repair technicians take a look at the unit since there might be a cheaper solution to our problem.  We found Mike to be very honest, professional, and courteous.So we set up another appointment with a repair technician.  We scheduled several days in advance and were told he would arrive between 1-5pm on Friday.  On Friday at 5:20pm the renter's called to let me know that nobody had showed up/ were wondering if they should keep waiting.  Now granted it was Memorial Day weekend, and I'm sure they were slammed, but a courtesy call would've been greatly appreciated.  I called the office and got the voicemail since it was after hours.  I left a message and waited hoping someone would call me back.  Finally I thought to call Mike (replacement technician) on his cell, even though he wasn't involved with our repair.  Within minutes Mike called me back and said he had called the main office and they should be getting in contact with me shortly.  Again, awesome customer service by Mike!  The main office did call shortly and said they could have someone out there around 7:30pm or the following morning.  The renter's were NOT happy with this at all as they had Memorial weekend plans, so we rescheduled appt for the following Tuesday.Late Tuesday afternoon I get a snide phone call (same receptionist, lots of attitude) that the repair technician is at the rental property, but nobody is home.  At the same time the renters are calling me to let me know it's almost 5pm and nobody's showed up yet.  So I asked the receptionist if she was sure he was at the right address (Ave not Dr. or St.)  Turns out he was at the wrong address,  She apologized and said he'd be there shortly.  He suggested we have two parts replaced.  But before he could replace anything we needed to install plywood in the attic so he could have easier access.  In speaking with the receptionist to get clarification over what exactly was needed, she said two 8'x2' sections 1inch thick ($50 at home depot). I asked if the sections could be cut at all so we could fit them in our car, but she said "No." and suggested that we "rent a truck from Home depot". We live 60miles away from the rental property and the whole process was turning into a huge headache. So we went with a different company.  Visca A/C -(http://www.yelp.com/biz/visca-a-c-phoenix#query:visca%20air)  Their estimate for the same two parts was half the price of Accu Temp's (granted Accu Temp is a larger company/ probably has more overhead costs), but after checking the A/C they also said only one of the two parts even needed to be replaced /the other was working perfectly fine which again cut the cost of the repair in half.  And they said the attic was easy to navigate -no need for any plywood!
5	I was having trouble finding someone to come out and take a look at our AC unit - my home warranty company said the soonest they could get anyone out was in two days.  Not okay, considering it's 100 degrees out and I have a baby in the house.  I called AccuTemp and they had someone at my house within the hour.  The woman who answered the phone was very friendly and understood my situation, and Ken, the technician, was superb!  He found a few other issues in our unit that four previous contractors had not seen, and I'm very grateful to him for pointing out these issues that could lead to future damage.I was very impressed with AccuTemp and will continue to do business with them in the future!
5	Great company with excellent service. They dont commission their techs so you dont have to worry about being upsold just so the tech can jack his truck up. Had an issue with our AC and they fixed it quickly. Highly recommended.
5	AccuTemp Refrigeration saved the day! After being scammed by another company called Accutemp Air, I was able to get top notch service and installation from a reputable company. It was impressive from the moment I spoke to the manager till the installation was completed. Their customer service was outstanding. I will continue to recommend them to all of my friends!
5	I CANNOT say enough good things about this company!  Every part of my experience with them was top notch...from the initial call I made, I had a great feeling about choosing this company.  Customer service was amazing...answered my questions over the phone and on site, called back to confirm I would be home, etc. The technician (Joe) was polite, professional, and took the time to sit down and explain to me what the issues were with my AC.  (And also gave me some great pointers about air filters!)Repairs were made promptly after the issues were diagnosed and the technician had all the necessary parts on his truck.  Prices seemed very reasonable, and I never once felt like I was trying to be 'upsold' on what was needed.  A+++   Will recommend highly to all of my friends and family!
5	These guys are the greatest!  The receptionist was very professional and courteous,  which is an art frequently lost in today's business'. She told me a time window and to expect a follow up heads up call when the tech was on his way. Brian came in and after a quick assessment determined that my transformer was bad,  which he replaced in short order. The transformer was actually the wrong part which is why it blew. Brian checked with the manufacturer to make certain that the replacement part was correct. What makes this company head and shoulders above the competition are the courteous staff,  the technicians who go the extra mile to make sure that a job is done correctly,  and their very reasonable rates. I have A/C now! Thanks guys.
5	Excellent service.  Sandy the Dispatcher gives you details up front about fees and even who your repairman is going to be.  They get somebody out to you as soon as possible.  Michael the repairman was prompt and got to work, diagnosing and fixing the problem in just under two hours.Friendly, professional and competent at a fair price.  I am very appreciative of AccuTemp Refrigeration.
5	Of course, the AC breaks down when it's 111. We've used AccuTemp for years and have always been very happy with their quality and service. Tonight they were here in less than 2 hours, diagnosed the problem quickly and had the part to fix it on the spot. I'd have hugged our tech, Brian, but we were both sweaty . Highly recommend!
5	This is the best AC business I've dealt with anywhere. Reliable, polite, professional, honest, and competent. Reasonable prices. And they don't try to sell you a bunch of crap you don't need. Highly recommended!
5	Our air conditioner stopped working this week around 6:00 pm.  Fortunately, we have two zones and the air conditioning in the bedrooms was working fine.  For this reason, I requested AccuTemp to come out the following morning.  The service tech arrived on time and identified the problem within ten minutes.  The motor burned out due to wires getting tangled within the unit.  The prior company I used (through our "Homeowners Insurance")  tied the wires together with a plastic tie.  With the warm weather, the tie broke.  I am happy to say that AccuTemp fixed the problem and covered the wires appropriately and did it within 45 minutes.  The tech stayed until he verified the AC was working properly.  The knowledge and professionalism of the tech exceeded my expectations and the cost to fix was fair and below my expectations.  AccuTemp is now my company of choice.  I highly recommend them!
1	A/c unit started blowing out hot air today and noticed all the good reviews for this place so I gave them a call. They told me that it would cost me $125 to come out for the emergency and this would cover the first half hour. The tech showed up and told me that the Dual run capacitor needed replaced. He wasn't even here for 30 minutes and charged me $407.46. Found out later that the part itself sells for 30 to 40 dollars. I got robbed!!!!!!!!!!!! I will be calling the owner/manager on Monday and expect a refund. Avoid this place at all cost!!!!!!!!!!!
5	One of my A/C units went out on one of the hottest days in the valley...120 degrees today! I found AccuTemp on Yelp and decided to give them a call. They have emergency service on the weekends and while you pay extra for the emergency service, it's worth it when you need them at the last minute on a Saturday. The customer service was amazing. She made sure to let me know the costs and while they were super busy today (not surprising with this heat), she said she would keep me up to date if they could get out to me. She called me twice just to update me on the status and they were out to my house much faster than I ever expected! The tech walked in and got straight to work. He didn't waste any time and had the unit fixed in minutes. (It was a capacitor) The price was very reasonable and he didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need. I would highly recommend AccuTemp and while I hope I don't need A/C service anytime soon, they will be the ones I call if I do. A+
5	Interested in a Carrier A/C?  This is the place to call!Good price and good warranty and good after-program (in fact, great after service with 2 free checkups a year).Did lots of research on who to use and had it down to this firm and another.  I went with Trane ultimately, but Carrier is also great and was a hard decision for me to make between the two.  However, if I were to not buy Trane this is the company I would use.They really have an exceptional program for their clients that I didn't see anywhere else, and I would definitely trust their service as they have many great yelp reviews here.Carrier is an old line a/c company with a great reputation, but I just wanted to change out the Trane I had before--otherwise, Carrier it would be.David Bird was the rep who came out who will be more than happy to explain everything in their program to you.  Nice people here, too.This is a solid company with a very good reputation for a reason.
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!! I  am a landlord and unfortunatley currently out of town and this company totally tried taking advantage of the siutuation! My  AC unit was acting up in 110degree temp and they sent a tech out who totally misquted and later to find out mis diagnosed.  For what they needed to replace they qouted me $1700. I thought this was high so I called 2 other companies through Yelp and the 2 other companies qouted me $1010 and $990. Then when I declined to use them and I told them exactly why, she charged me $195 for 3hrs of examination when it probably took 1hr and that was to call around for parts.  I will never use this company agaion and totally advise anyone to stay away!
3	I'd like to thank Chrissy for making this right. She charged me for the service that I received and I greatly appreciate her excellent customer service. I will now consider AccuTemp for further A/C work.
1	Funny how 24 hour emergency service offering companies never seem to have anyone available until the next business day afternoon.
5	I called after-hours and Sandy took my call. She was very kind and helpful. She took my information and when they officially opened shop they called me back and made an appointment. Thus far they have called multiple times to keep me updated on any times or that the tech is en-route. Tech (Tom) arrived on time and was very good. He seemed very straight forward and honest. He was respectful of me and the animals that were brave enough to come out and investigate.Do your technician a favor though, offer them some water when they are working - it is hot outside and blazing hot in the attic!
5	Yesterday I hear my fierce Jack Russel barking at something in my backyard. When I go to investigate,  I see Dexter has cornered a terrified mouse. I thought to do the cool thing and scoop up the mouse and chuck him over the fence.Where does this story go you ask? Well, my AC went out the next day and I called Accutemp,  they dispatched  their tech to my house and he quickly found out that the low voltage(lucky mouse) wires were chewed through. I gave him some steel braided line to place over the repaired wire and we were good to go. Something tells me that mouse won't be too lucky next time! Kudos to Ken and the staff at Accutemps again!Oh yea, Jennifer did a nice job of getting my tech out to me asap and calling with updates. This business is the best.
5	I had a great experience with AccuTemp.On a Friday night in August, our air conditioner started blowing warm air.  We were set to leave town on Sunday, so we needed someone to fix the problem on Saturday.  I called on Saturday morning and talked to Sandy, who picked up right away and explained the pricing and availability.  There's a charge of $125 for an "after hours" visit, but it seemed fair.  She quickly called back and confirmed that a technician would be there within the hour.  Indeed, 45 min. later the technician (Brian) was here.  He immediately diagnosed the problem and fixed it in less than an hour.  The total bill was a few hundred dollars and we got the air conditioner up and running the same morning.  Everyone I talked to was polite and professional, and they delivered exactly what they promised.  I will definitely call them again when the need arises.
3	Services were good, prices were reasonable.  That said, after a few months of seeing insulation drop through a vent i climbed into the attic to find some of the duct blowing into the attic and not connected to the vent (I love spending $$ on cooling my attic....keeping it comfortable for the roof rats).  That said they were very responsive.  I had it done in the winter so once we hit 115 in July i may bump or drop them another star :).
3	Yelp reviews sent me to this Company. They were a second opinion for repair over a personal recommendation. I was blown away by the professionalism of the technician and Dave ( install coordinator?). I would have given the company 4.5 stars but the original phone call to receptionist / assistant/ call operator was off putting. Kind of an air of arrogance. Made it past that to the actual nuts and bolts of the operations and was very satisfied even though the news was a unit replacement at $4k. Within 24 hours a crane was onsite and replacement complete. Then I received a phone call from Lisa for payment. Same attitude, coldness, indifference to my business. It's tough to see the people actually doing the work in the field professionally, honestly, and promptly get tainted by the phone answerer / bill collector. Fix that problem and this company is amazing. Overall still happy I chose them for my repair.
5	This is the best refrigeration company I have dealt with.  Ken not only provided excellent service, but also offered a more reasonable alternative to a new system, which another company recommended I needed.  His professionalism, knowledge, ethics and customer service, was very commendable.
5	Last week, I called AccuTemp Refrigeration based on reviews from Yelp.  We moved into a new home and needed to see if the AC was working well and up to snuff.  We set up a schedule easily for two days down the road.  Ken was our technician.  He came right on time.  He checked everything in the attic and noticed a some potential for the clogging of the overflow system.  He made a $20 adjustment to ensure good drainage.  Next he looked at the unit (17 years old) and indicated that it was still in good working order.  We also had some rattling noise that we could hear, so we were expecting a condenser problem or some other problem in the ceiling.  It turned out that the vents rattled when set a just a particular angle.  He adjusted them, no more rattling.  Total cost...$80 for the maintenance check and minor drainage adjustment.During the whole process, Ken would provide instruction on what he was doing and the potential problems and solutions.  He was very informative and honest.  I would recommend Ken and AccuTemp to anyone.  They were very good.  My mother is going to call them soon to service her AC.
5	Very thankful on a holiday weekend!  Super professional - quick response - courteous - on time with timeframe told - quality work - very well priced.  We returned home from a 4th staycation on a Sunday to find our house at 96 degrees.  We called and left a message and got a return call in less than 20 minutes when the range is an hour. We got service about an hour later. Very reasonable rates for a Sunday of a holiday weekend.   They were quicker than estimated on all fronts.  AC fixed and we dont have to stay in a hotel tonight. Thank you!!!
5	Why does this always happen during the Summer months? I come home from work yesterday and notice that my house is hotter than outside! Good thing my house has 2 AC units(upstairs/downstairs), so I made an appointment for the next day for a repair tech.I get a call from Jennifer that the tech will arrive between 10-3 and get another update that the tech is on the way. My tech , Ken, quickly finds the cause as a bad contactor, shows me the bad part (that has tons of filth on it) and replaces it. Ahhh..... cool ac again. Accutemp will always be the best for me as not only are the office personnel and techs always courteous and friendly ( a lost art in 80% of business nowadays),  but their updates and prompt service has made me a customer for life. Gotta keep up on those Season maintenance to keep my outside units clean!
2	I echo what one reviewer said about the receptionist. She made me not want to use this company. I told her I was out of town and couldn't get there until 3pm but she was very precise that the time frame had to be 1-4 and if it was after 4pm they would go into  their costly weekend rates. She was also very precise about what the service call would cost me within 30 minutes and how much it would increase in increments after that! I'm sure she was just saying what she was told to say but, geesh, she scared me away from using this company!
3	They changed my ac 6-7 months ago. The price was good and installer did a good job. But the customer service is not as good. I got the filters after making some calls. The ac is making very loud noise also, they came and checked but couldn't fix it. I was promised $200 aps rebate but i haven't got it yet and haven't received call back from accutemp after several follow up call.
5	We highly recommend Accutemp.  We had a couple of service calls on our old heat pump which were very satisfactory.  When the heat pump died, we bought a new system from them, and installation and a couple of maintenance service calls since have been excellent.But, we would not buy a Carrier Heat Pump again.  Works fine, but the "programmable" thermostat is just too complex, and difficult to understand and program.  And the system won't accept non-Carrier replacement thermostats.
