3	A coworker who lives at the Ogden has been raving about this place for a while, but it never seemed to be open the few times I've been downtown. So I was excited to check it out during the downtown Wednesday happy hour last week. The Roof is not surprisingly located on the roof of Inspire - there's an elevator past the news stand area, with someone there to push the button for you. I'm assuming to make sure that nobody goes to the 2nd floor - 365 Tokyo super special people club. It's a huge open patio with scattered comfy couches and some great people watching directly above Fremont.  Too bad the super chill atmosphere they were trying for was completely ruined by them blasting obnoxiously loud 90's hip hop. Combine that with the 15 min wait for the bartender to bother acknowledging us at the bar, and the only thing they inspired us to do is leave.  Has potential and maybe we'll try it again another time, but this was a pretty crappy first impression of the place.
4	The bar is located right in the hipster district of Fremont east,& it's broken up into 2 different sections. The bottom seemed to have a jazz lounge theme, with dim lighting & close spacing. On the roof Is where I spent most of my time though,not only is the city view welcomed, but there is a lot more open space & the bar tender was more than happy to hold conversation with me on the changing scene in downtown,while pouring me & another patron a couple of freebies. :-)
3	Views...you come here for the East Fremont District views on the 2nd floor of the Inspire building, running parallel w/ Fremont St, it's prime real estate. The whole upstairs floor is covered in turf. The outdoor seating is nice, comfy and each area seats a fair 6 ppl. This place is all about the ppl watching. Tonight the breeze is constant, making it a perfect night to hang w/ our friend who's in town from Conn.The sound set up is decent. Not too loud but good bass. The DJ is killing it tonight. The bartender pours a solid drink, that's for sure.Not sure if the 2 girls dressed in the same outfits are servers or just twins but we definitely had to go up to the bar in order to get our drinks while they chatted it up. In all fairness we only sat for four songs before choosing to make the trek. They are why they get the 3. If I learn the don't serve the seated areas I would up to a 4 easily.There's definitely a younger crowd here. I wouldn't say hipsters but definitely of the college, younger entry business looking folk. Feels like the opposite of your Fremont Experience crowd. It's like a breath of fresh air into downtown.
