4	Great studio!!  Kind to visitors.  Showers, quaint location in the Strip District which was hopping on a Saturday morning.  Old school heating elements add to the nostalgia of the place.  Windows are opened and closed to control the temperature and air flow.  Worth the stop if you're a traveling yogi looking for a place to practice.
3	*Just fine* And I mean that in the best possible way. Like what the Yelp three stars is supposed to mean, according to them... "A-OK"My review is based on a recent 1 day trip to "the 'Burgh" that had me cramming a whole lotta city into 36 hours.  My 10am yoga break at this little yoga outpost proved uneventful.I showed up 30 minutes early to get signed up for a drop in class ($16 - pretty cheap by my standards for a 1 day-er). + 1 Star - Sweetness.  The check-in lady, who turned out to also be the teacher, is a sweet lady.  Very important to be eased into the torture that is Bikram by a nice hearted person.- 1 Star / +1 Star - Decor.  Obviously this is place was put together with love and some discount paint as it's a bit like a yoga place as envisioned by just-outta-college types.  But that's part of the charm.+ 1 Star - Clientele.  Mixed, with mostly just average looking folks, which makes it comforting to take class.  No one really to look at and think: "I hate him/her Gumby-elastic-Plasticman/woman," but then again there was no one to keep my mind focused on in a lusty way.  Oh, I am supposed to focus on me, you say?  Where's the fun in that.+ 1 Star - Heat/Humidity.  Good job my friends.  It is hot and wet as a freshman's jock strap in here.  But smelled helluva better.  - 1 Star/ +1 Star - Parking.  A pain by Pittsburgh standards, but a breeze by LA standards.  I got a (free!) spot just down the street, which then tempted me to walk past all the foodie shops (I went in, later...)- 1 Star - Towel/Mat.  I rented both (for a buck each) and the mat was shorter than a normal yoga mat (!!?!) and the towel was an ole grey Ikea-y looking ragamuffin.  Not impressed.+ 1 Star - Cleanliness.  Is next to godliness, as we know.  And I felt pretty okay here, and I am the sweat-squemish type.All in all, this place is not going to get design awards from Arch Digest, but the basic homie-ness works A-ok for me.  I would come here again if I were in town for another quickie.  However if a snazzier Bikram studio opens in Pittsburgh (uh, doubtful), these folks would need to up their game.
5	The best part about taking a Bikram Yoga class is that it is always the same.  You can go anywhere around the world and still experience the same workout and the same sequence of poses.  I normally frequent the Bikram Yoga place in Downtown LA, and I was pleased to find a new studio close to my hotel in Pittsburgh.This studio tends to be a bit hotter than my normal place, but the teachers will open windows in the back if it gets to be too intense.  I LOVE my new teacher.  I wish that I could bring her back to Los Angeles with my in January.  She is very soothing and informative, but also pushes me through my practice.  I feel that I have improved a lot over the last couple of weeks.There is a new student special of 30 days for 30 bucks, which basically gives you no excuse not to attend class.
4	My yoga teacher told us that we were all going to die during savasana...  Uncool.   I came to yoga as part of my New Years resolution of 2000 and zen.  I don't think you need to talk about dying during class.  The entire class laughed uncomfortably after she said this, but the overall mood was almost entirely ruined.  The studio has also canceled their 7:40 class on Thursday.  That is serious bummer for those of us who get out of work after 5 PM.
2	I've been to this studio a few times as I both pass through Pittsburgh regularly and attend bikram yoga classes regularly in another city.  It is a friendly and welcoming atmosphere, which I appreciated.  I was largely disappointed with my last experience (the 5:45pm Monday class) due to the high temperature of the room.  The space is not well outfitted for bikram yoga (read: poor temperature control).    The instructor keeps a temperature gauge with her at the front of the room and has to open and shut the windows throughout class to try and keep the room at the correct temperature (around 105 degrees).  I was overcome by the heat during the standing series, which never happens to me.  Sure enough, the teacher opened the windows soon after.  At one point 3/4 of the class was panting on the floor and two women left the room due to the heat, which is a "no-no" in bikram.  I don't blame them - I wanted to leave too.  I was so dehydrated that I felt ill the entire next day.It is better to take classes here in the morning as there are fewer people heating up the room and the instructor can better regulate the temperature.
4	Considering this is the ONLY Bikram studio in the 'Burgh, I'm going to have to say that I'm a fan b/c I have no other alternative.  If there were others to compare it with, then I would feel better about giving this 4 stars.  But the 4 stars are primarily due to the fact that I enjoy Bikram.I got introduced to Bikram in Chicago and they have several studios that I was able to try.  So by those standards this place pales in comparison in terms of facilities.  The building seems older and you can tell, but once your in the studio I guess it doesn't really make a difference.  It would be great if the studio was a littler nicer and I just don't get the whole carpet in a bikram yoga room?!?!?!  I mean we're all sweating all over the place and it gets soaked through and you're eventually walking in a puddle of someone elses sweat - which kinda grosses me out...but let's face it Bikram is a sweaty gross mess!I've been to a few studios in Chicago that did NOT have carpet and I preferred them b/c at least you could see the puddle and jump over it.  I also felt that when there was no carpet the studio smelled less.  But as far as Bikram goes, this place has got it down.  There's not much you can mess up since there are 26 specific poses.  The teacher was very friendly when I've been there, and at times (weekends) it can get a bit crowded.  I don't rent their mat or towels b/c I bring my own, but don't forget to bring lots of water.Also when I was there some of the clientele aren't really familar with Bikram manners - like don't just get up and walk around closer to the window for some air and walk out of the studio b/c you ran out of water.  I mean there are exeptions like if you feel like your about to faint, but they tell you that the goal is to stay in the room and not to disturb those around you.  Not sure that Pittsburgh is ready for Bikram so maybe it makes sense that there's only 1 studio for now.
5	I normally practice Bikram in Berkeley and San Francisco, but when I come home to visit the Burgh, its good to know I can keep up with my yoga.  The classes here are better than many at my fancy, huge Berkeley studio. The teachers are all really knowledgeable about the poses - why they are the way they are and what each one does for the body - and they share that knowledge with the class. The studio is small, which means that the classes feel more personal. The teachers all seem to really care about the students, from remembering your name to noticing when you need some help with a pose. I also dig that this is NOT your typical yoga population (i.e. people of all ages, genders, colors, and sizes do yoga here). There is also free parking if you give yourself some time to look for a spot.  Yay for Bikram in Pittsburgh!!!
1	There is DEFINITELY room for improvement in the instructor's approach to treating customers and the company's customer service. That is very clear in Zeb's response to Brittney T. Rather than apologizing and offering her a second chance like any respectable business would do, he not only argued with her but mocked her. That is immature and repulsive. I believe that maybe their teaching approach is a scare tactic. I was only offered to sign up for the unlimited 10 day package which I thought was a STEAL! One class is $16! What's the catch? It must be the attitude/customer service. Or they are discouraging customers to come back and pocketing the extra $4/person. I am not sure what is going on. I would love a good hot yoga class and I would also love to be pushed - that's not what people are complaining about. It is known that Bikram is a discipline. Constructive criticism is necessary. But personal attacks are very un-yoga-like. And I'm sorry, but I cannot honestly recommend this place to anyone. It's a shame.
5	I decided to try out Bikram 7 months ago because one of my friends could not stop talking about how great it is. I had been been practicing at Amazing Yoga for almost 3 years and I decided to challenge myself at Bikram Yoga Pittsburgh. Like many of the reviewers below I misunderstood the concept behind Bikram. I was expecting to be challenged like i was at AY where the instructors tell you how long to hold a pose when to go deeper. Bikram on the other hand is more of a mental challenge there is no "flow" and so you kind of decide for yourself how long you are going to hold each pose. You also have to quiet your mind and breathe and push yourself when in different poses more than you do while doing Baptiste I expected to be good at all the poses because i had been practicing Yoga for so long but the challenge was not in the poses but more in focusing my mind on breathing.  So my first tip if you haven't practiced Bikram before don't have any  physical expectations of yourself. Just  go quiet your mind and breathe...Parking is relatively easy to get during the weekdays but it may get tricky on the weekends when the strip gets crazy but there are some lots around and off street parking a few blocks away Contrary to the reviews below I loved Sherie...As a newbie i introduced myself and told her it was my first class and she remembered my name. it made me feel more comfortable about the experience:  ONE STAR already my favourite thing about her classes is that she explains the benefits of most of the poses...i don't know about you but in between bow pose its nice to be reminded that my back is reaping some benefits  TWO STARS She also paused the class in once instance and demonstrated how to do camel right...She is also very encouraging. Forgive me but I like being told when I'm doing something right especially when I'm sweating like a pig but she will also tell you when you need adjustments ..... THREE STARSI have also practiced with Zeb and he  is very welcoming and has been beyond professional and he  truly cares about his students.....They are all very passionate about what they do!!!In regards to the negative reviews yes they will tell you to sit up when you just really want to get into child's pose and they will tell you not to drink your water in between poses.... don't take it personally  they are the instructors! and they know their shit so let go of the resistance and let them do what they are good at. Your practice will grow and you will soon notice your body doing things you didn't think were possible (like going through an entire class without a sip of water) The studio is clean and they have showers!!!!!! so you don't have to stink up the grocery store or your car on your way home. I'm not a big fan of the carpet but this seems to be a common thing in Bikram studios (maybe it helps with postures?) plus the shower and spacious changing room makes up for it. - FOUR STARS As far as the pricing it is very reasonable. I used to think yoga in Pittsburgh was expensive until i moved to denver..people $150 for monthly unlimited Yoga is deal!!!! students also get 10% off too - SCORE!!!!! -FIVE STARS I have been practicing Bikram in Denver as well but BYPGH has made the most impact on my practice. and i can tell the benefits...(hello tight butt and strong arms..i had missed you ) All the other students are super friendly and it is an amazing environment to expand your practice in. So to the reviewers below. Give BYPGH a second chance with no expectations and no resistance you will find that it is a beautiful  practice that will change your life. Fo Realz!
5	I was traveling for work to Pittsburgh for the first time, and I was in need of a Bikram class. I was so lucky to find that Bikram was located just 1 mile from my hotel in a cool little "strip" district in Pittsburgh. I am huge fan of Bikram, and I have fun seeing new studios. It was friendly, focused, and solid teaching. Lora was fantastic and even gave me a tip to correct my rabbit posture that no other teacher has shared with me before. Corrections are a gift. I would totally recommend it - great community.
4	This was my first time ever doing hot yoga. I bought an offer on Groupon, and the price was a steal. Upon visiting, the instructor took time to make sure I was using the correct form and wasn't pushing it too fast. Awesome. The only thing that was a bit frustrating was the size of the class. I went at 6pm on Monday and the people next to me were so close that a couple of times they were on my mat. When you are extremely sweaty you don't exactly want the sweaty person next to you up in your business. I am definitely going to hit up a 6am class to see if it is less crowded. Especially since it's on my way to work and they don't have many showers. Kudos to them for having showers! The crowd must mean something... they are awesome. The class was difficult and pushed me... something I was hoping to accomplish. The teacher is extremely talented and was able to teach a large class yet help out individuals. The range of talent spanned from beginners to other yoga teachers. I am a big fan and will definitely consider a membership after my Groupon of 2 months expires. Good to see yoga in Pittsburgh!
2	EDIT 8/2013: I don't know why I'm going back and reading things that aren't relevant to me in any way anymore, but I would seriously recommend that anyone thinking of going here read zeb's responses to negative reviews. It may help you decide if you want to have any association with this business. Also, really and seriously, please read up on bikram choudhury. -----------------------------------This is absolutely the worst thing I have ever knowingly done to myself. I suppose Bikram is something that you either love or never want to do again. I never want to do it again. The class left me feeling pretty sure it wasn't for me, but the real tipping point was reading about Bikram Choudhury. Both the articles written by fans and by the ones written by detractors totally turned me off on the practice. This was my Bikram Yoga Pgh experience:I had been thinking to try Bikram. I love yoga but wanted more oomph to my practice. So my friend in Boston agreed to sign up for a class on the same night I signed up here. They have a special offer for 2 weeks of class at $20. Sounds great. I called to ask what to expect. I spoke to an incredibly nice woman and was told to bring a towel and to hydrate before class. When you look at the website it says "large bath sized towel.' This is not what they mean. I went with a large bath sized towel and was told it was insufficient but that I could use one of their towels for the first class without charge. I also had water and a face towel. This, it became clear later, is also a no-no. This is not the kind of class with water breaks.The class was crowded. The floor is carpeted. Two people who, it turned out, worked at BYP made snide and not very quiet comments about new people and something to the effect of 'we'll see if they last.' And then I proceeded to pour sweat from places I didn't even know I could sweat. And I liked that part. What I didn't like is the two times my vision narrowed to a pinhole. Apparently I was not adequately hydrated. I drank my water. At one point I saw the instructor reach down as if to take my water away, then realize that doing so might be off-putting to a new student.So, for 90 minutes we did the Bikram series. And at the end I was informed that water and face towels are discouraged for being distracting... and by 'discouraged' it was pretty clear the meaning was 'not allowed.' The only thing that made me think I might maybe want to come back was how generally nice the instructor and the girl who answered the phone were. But I never went back, and I don't believe I ever will.Obviously, a lot of people enjoy Bikram yoga. I wouldn't want to discourage anyone from trying it, but you should know what you're getting into here. My Boston friend had a great time at her class (which might be considered a watered-down [pun intended] practice since her class had Party Time water breaks.)
1	Bikram Yoga is heat yoga in a carpet studio. The studio smells like an old gym sock. I wanted to wear shower shoes just to cross the room. ICK!
3	Last year I scored one of those cool Groupon deals for three unlimited months of practice at the Bikram Yoga Pittsburgh studio. It was a great deal and I really enjoyed the classes.First off, I think that practicing in a hot room during the cold winter months in Pittsburgh is a great way to spend your time and money. It was refreshing and throughout the season I felt like I had a really nice buffer against my usual cold hands and feet. Bikram might not be for everyone; the room is really hot and it can be overwhelming to some. My husband had a hard time pushing through and doing the movements because it was so hot for him. I on the other hand really liked it, so it might depend on chemistry. It is worth a shot if you are interested through. I will be going in this week to get my winter fix. If you are on the fence about it, check their website and get on the mailing list. BYPGH runs specials regularly and you can usually find a deal to take some classes at a discounted rate, especially if you are new.I attended classes regularly between December and February and the studio got quite full at times (particularly over the holiday when people return to Pittsburgh to visit family). My work schedule was varying at the time, and I got to try classes on all days and times offered. I'm not sure if it still is, but the studio was carpeted at the time, which to Serena R's point seems strange because there is a lot of sweating going on. I enjoyed the teaching (particularly, I liked Zeb's classes) and even when classes were big the instructors still made point to compliment and constructively correct students, which is the point of attending a class so you can get better.Some other things that are good to know:+DRINK A LOT OF WATER before you even arrive. 90 minutes in a seriously hot room means you are going to sweat. You don't take drink breaks during the class because the point is to focus yourself through a series of 26 positions. Drink a lot before and bring a canteen for after.+Bring a yoga mat and a towel big enough to cover the whole mat (or close to it).+There's a men's and a women's dressing space with bathrooms, a shower, and cubbies to put your belongings during class.+The studio sells some drinks, like water and coconut water.+The studio rents mats and towels if you forget yours.+Dress: a lot men seems to wear swimming-like trunk shorts, running shorts, or speedo-like briefs. Shirts optional but formfitting usually. Women wear sports bra-like tops, running shorts (spandex or standard), formfitting tank tops, etc. Generally, not much that will hang loose or anything heavy enough to make you feel too hot.+Parking: can be tough depending on the time of day (night is easiest for parking). I think they suggest arriving at least 10 minutes early for class but I would leave at least 15 minutes extra for parking and walking to the studio.
4	I started going to Bikram Yoga Pgh about 2 years ago and have been a continued student, taking breaks usually only due to lack of monetary funds.  (Not that this studio is expensive - it's very comparable to any other respectable yoga studio in Pgh - just all yoga is a bit pricey.)  I love this studio!  All the instructors are very friendly and helpful during class.  They make an effort, (and usually succeed,) in knowing everyone's name, even on in your first class.  The only thing I can think of that would turn first-timers off is if they are unfamiliar with Bikram yoga.  It's a very specific type of yoga, practiced in a heated room of 100+ degrees (hotter than normal hot yoga) and it's the same 26 postures, repeated twice, every class.  Each posture is practiced in the particular order for a specific reason and benefit, which the teachers are very good at explaining during class.  I would advise to visit their website or call before attending your first class so you can be prepared by knowing what to wear, bring, eat/drink before/after, etc.  Other than that, if you're prepared for a vigorous (and sweaty!) mind and body workout, Bikram is the place to be!    Other random tips:+Parking for the 10 am classes on the weekends is difficult due to the traffice in the Strip District.+10am Sat/Sun and 6pm weekday classes seem to be the most crowded, from my experience.+Arrive 10-15 min early if you're particular about a "good" spot in class.
2	Like many other people on this forum, I purchased a Groupon for Bikram Yoga in the Strip District last year.  I practice advanced yoga 2-3 times a week and have attended classes at a few other hot yoga studios, but never practiced Bikram.  I had a two month unlimited membership and only went four times during those two months.  First of all, I was not wild about the Bikram practice - I like more variety, but to each his own.  I think if you want to develop your Bikram yoga practice into more advanced poses you will have to go to teacher training.  All classes in this studio are at the same level and I don't remember any pose modifications being offered.Also, I did not like the instructors scolding me when I took a sip of water, wiped the burning sweat out of my eyes, or removed my wedgie.  It is very difficult to hold a tree posed when you have a slow-flowing river moving down your leg.  I fared okay with the heat, but there was a girl in my class who had to sit down for over half of the class.  The instructor regularly checked in on her (which was nice), but when she asked if she could leave the room, the instructor told her "only if [she was] going to pass out."The whole experience seemed a little cult-like to me (and according to Details Magazine, I'm not the only one).  All of the instructors greeted you by name in a very sedated tone and wore (seriously) next to nothing.  And they encourage you to buy into the whole lifestyle - practicing everyday or more than once a day.I will say that the location is ideal and the facility is nice and clean.  I would prefer it if the room were a little less bright.  I'm a pretty confident person, but feeling like I was practicing in an operating room made me a little self-conscious.   The bright lights also makes it difficult to concentrate when you can clearly make out every  little bump in your instructor's Speedo (whether you want to see it or not).I'm glad I gave it a try, but it's just not for me.  Such is the beauty of Groupon.
2	I went to Bikram Yoga for two weeks straight, attending 5 to 6 days out of the week. Some days I loved it, other days I was counting down the time in my head for the class to end. The same 26 postures can be boring at times, but it's almost nice to have a routine. But then I wonder why the hell am I paying money when I can practice the postures at home. The heat didn't bother me at all; it actually cleared up my skin. The humidity does wonders for my skin during the dry winter months. I was not a fan of the carpet, especially when you're lying in savasana and all I can think about is the stench, bacteria, BO, sweat, and who knows what permeating from the floor. The fluorescent lights in the room were god-awful as well. The studio could definitely improve on their atmosphere. As for the instructors, I had varying degrees of loving them, and hating them. I loved Zeb. He was very nice and encouraging. I wish he instructed all of the classes. There was one instructor who I had a class with at 6am. She kept apologizing for being "bossy," and yes, she was very bossy and rude. She was rude when I walked in and slightly less rude when I walked out. She kept picking on this one poor student. He was older and couldn't do the moves as well. I felt bad for him and her "constructive criticism" of him was distracting. She nit picked even if you were slightly off on your posture (for instance, she yelled at me because I was grabbing my ankles instead of my heels). She had a very type A personality and it did not flow well with my bikram practice. I guess she just wasn't my style of instructor. I'll give the instructors this though: it's nice to have someone guide you to improve your poses whereas I found other studios just didn't give a damn what you did. I just wish they would give guidance rather than rude criticism. The clientele is elitist. People wear speedos and bathing suits, which I don't understand. Yes, it's incredibly hot and humid, but is being half naked really necessary? Meh, whatever floats their boat, but it's another distraction in my practice. And the instructors don't want you to drink water or have hand towels to wipe off sweat because they are "distractions," which is complete BS to me. Water is necessary and I don't care what anyone says. If you're sweating profusely in a 100F room for 90min straight, you need water for your health's sake. It doesn't even matter if you hydrate before class, a sip of cold water can do wonders during practice and your likelihood of burning out or quitting is decreased. The true distractions are the smelly carpet, awful lighting, rude instructors, half naked students, and elitist attitude. I love bikram yoga itself; the tendonitis in my knee is completely relieved. I would practice bikram every day if the studio and people were nicer. I'll probably visit the studio every now and then, but it's not somewhere I would recommend for every day practice.
5	I have been practicing standard yoga for years and truly enjoy the relaxation and meditation of it.  I had considered hot yoga in the past, but it also did not actually connect with what I had learned in my standard yoga practice.  After attending the PA/NJ/OH Asana Championship with Bikram Certified Teacher - I decided to give it a shot.  I signed for the two week intro offer, GREAT PRICE, seriously ALL the classes you want for two weeks = $20.... Anyway, tomorrow is two weeks.  I have attended 7 classes and feel amazing.  My appetite is smaller now and the 6am classes during the week put you in a perfect frame of mind handle the day. I have experienced weight loss, overall cleansing sensation and increased strength and stamina.  Over all of those benefits however, the fact that the permanent knot I had at the base of my skull that stretched down into between my neck and shoulder blades is GONE!  Its been there so many years, it is my 'normal'.  I had no idea it was there, until it was GONE.  I have other former injuries and Bikram is perfect for the strengthening and breaking down of the scar tissue in between my joints.  I feel stronger and more flexible.As far as the studio itself, the instructors are encouraging and positive at every class.  The instruction each teacher provides helps me to work on form, which I didnt specifically do in my standard yoga practice.  I have been in class next to instructers and felt selfconcious to begin with as they are 'pros' but that was MY internal self confidence, not anything from them... and if you keep your eyes on your own eyes, next thing you know, you like your 'own eyes' in the mirror.  Zeb (owner) has been wonderful.  I love that he acknowledges you in class.  He has created a beautiful environment where each person develops a practice and that practice begins their story.The busy class rooms mean that it is a popular place as far as I am concerned.  And I now know why, each class I go exactly where I need to go that day.  The instructors guidance and occassional joke and funny story, help make the 90 minutes fly by.  The moral of the story?  I signed up for monthly membership of unlimited classes today and plan to be a LONGTIME member!POSITIVES:Go with an open mind, and listen to the instruction - you will go where you need to goHYDRATE the day before and after class.  Its good for the body and a great habit to be in anyway!ENJOY a yummy juice drink after class (I love those bell jars!)... It is a great treat and healthy for youNEGATIVES:For a standard yoga practitioner, it will be off-putting to see carpeted floors, this is for safety folks, think about it!!Parking is a bugger if you try to make certain classes... simply plan and look on the side streets!
4	Wonderfully spirited yoga studio with one of the most inspiring and motivating instructors my daughter & I have ever had, Zeb.  We only attended once because we were visiting for the weekend but appreciated every minute of our time at this studio.  Such a supportive and nurturing atmosphere... True Yogis!  I understand from the newsletter that renovations and interior improvements will be made so congratulations on that and I am sure it will be absolutely beautiful!  Only wished it was near our home in New Jersey :(  Thank you for a true yoga experience and camaraderie!
1	Mediocre facilities (from the shoe drop off area to the locker room to the actual studio), rude and uncaring staff. I don't know much about yoga; I am very flexible not necessarily in all that great of shape. I travel to a different city every week and recently tried Moksha yoga in Winnipeg, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Physically, heat is an issue for me because I don't sweat like normal people, so I am extremely prone to overheating/heat injuries. BYP was excessively critical of my need to drink water, rude about my need to have a full size towel, and I left class about 20 minutes early because of nausea relatedt to the heat. Between it being small and crowded, and carpeted, the studio was uncomfortable for reasons beyond the heat. I think having carpet in a hot humid atmosphere is gross-- the room smelled like a cross between feet and Florida in July/August. Not hygenic, or easy to clean the sweat pouring off most people. Instructors were snide and haughty; no one offered hands on corrections or modifications to poses; the instructor girl made a rude comment about one of her regulars at the beginning of class... I hated it. I paid for another class and much as I don't want to waste my money, I will not go back to those jerks. They had the berve to tell me after class that I might have been nauseous because I drank water... Well, 4 years in Special Operations, and I know what heat casualties are. Maybe they need drill sergeants and proper training. This place sucked.
5	A girlfriend and I tried the introductory offer (unlimited classes for 14 days, only 20$$) on a Sunday morning at 10am. The instructors and patrons alike were kind and friendly. We felt so welcome and put at ease. The thought of practicing yoga in 100 degrees is daunting, I must admit! However, throughout the class, the instructor was wonderful and encouraged the newbies. It was no easy feat, but I felt AMAZING afterward and my mental clarify was vastly improved. You will sweat allll over your body, so make sure you bring a body-sized towel to place on your mat. Also, make sure you drink A TON of water before and after. Coconut water is divine as well. I will be returning many more times. Love! Namaste :)
5	This is my first yoga experience. I started when one of my friends would not stop raving about how awesome bikram yoga is. Although I was initially skeptical (rather scared) about exercising in 100 degrees and increased humidity, I decided to give it a try and purchased a groupon offer. I have to say the practice itself far exceeded my expectations. I am quite athletic and had stayed away from yoga so far because it didn't seem challenging enough. I did learn my lesson (in a good way) with bikram yoga. Every session is an intense workout for each and every muscle in the body but also very relaxing and detoxifying afterwards. The best part for me was that I had been suffering from back pain for 1.5 years (sometimes so bad I couldn't fall asleep without using back patches) and it just disappeared after the first class to never came back. As for the studio, I was very surprised at some of the negative reviews. Quite a few of them mentioned the carpeting, and people not wearing much. The carpeting is a necessity or people would be slipping and sliding all over. As for the clothes, it is 100+ degrees in there as it should be and people dress accordingly. This is like complaining that people wear bikinis to a beach. I was especially surprised by the few negative reviews mentioning the instructors. I took classes with every single instructor and they were all very supportive (and I do drink water and wipe my sweat off every class) and kind. They learn everyone's names in a few classes and despite the number of people taking the classes, there is attention paid to every student. Not only do they correct you kindly so you don't injure yourself but they also recognize out loud when you are doing a posture well. I was doing at least one thing wrong with at least half the postures when I started out (I am terrible at synchronizing what I hear with what I do) and in a couple of weeks, I got all the postures down right thanks to the instructors.I have been having a great experience with bikram yoga in this studio. I feel refreshed and stronger after every class. Not to mention how I had a free fix to my back pain. I will definitely continue practicing here after my groupon expires.
5	After moving back to Pittsburgh this past spring, this is now my regular yoga studio (woohoo!). I decided I needed to update my review because they JUST moved to a new location (right where Penn and Butler meet - on Penn, just across from the statue).Since I implied in my last review that the old studio itself wasn't as big/ fancy as my studio in Berkeley (though it was great in other ways), I feel like I now need to say: the new studio IS big and fancy (in an cool industrial way) and brand spankin' new! (Three showers in each locker room and much more mirror in the studio.) So, not only are the classes still great, the teachers still caring, and the students still diverse... the space is now equally awesome. Also, parking is a lot easier in the new spot and apparently bike racks will be up shortly. So happy to see this great business growing!
5	I was a little nervous to try Bikram yoga.  Some of the Yelp reviews made it look truly awful.  So I kept putting it off, and low and behold, Groupon showed up with a two months unlimited for $40.  I signed up, and I went every day for three weeks.  Unfortunately, I haven't been in Pittsburgh much since, and I miss Bikram ever so.Bikram yoga consists of the same... 26, I believe, postures every class.  Classes are an hour and a half, slightly longer.  It is HOT.  There isn't any way around it.  The front of the classroom under the vents seems to be the hottest, and you will walk out of class feeling like you just got out of a swimming pool.  Luckily, there are three showers in the locker room waiting for you.What makes Bikram great?  I have never been so relaxed in my life.  Afterwards you feel like you've had a long massage.  Your muscles are so happy, and you have so much energy. It's such a great feeling.What makes this studio great?  The teachers.  I took classes with Lori, Kate, Zeb, and Shannon.  Lori is this little bundle of positive energy bursting out of every corner.  Shannon is the most "critical" (In a good way!!!), and she really watches to make sure that the posture is correct, which is SO helpful.  Kate was really nice and very encouraging.  I only took one class with Zeb, but he was cool too.  I've been in quite a few classes with Zeb, though, and he is amazing to watch.  He makes the postures look so easy and beautiful.  Second, there are so many classes to choose from (SIX PER DAY ON THE WEEKDAYS!!!!!)  !  I work a full time job at night.  Thank Goodness for 10:00 and now noon classes!!  So many studios cater to the day people  Additionally, the studio is very clean, and the hardwood floors are nice.Insight:  1)  DRINK A TON OF WATER.  I did not.  ER visits are expensive.  2)  Wash your feet constantly!  I picked up some awful foot infection from someone wandering around untreated.I only wish Bikram studios across the U.S. had some kind of connecting deal.  If I could get an unlimited month membership at any Bikram studio in the U.S. for an additional cost (Like LA Fitness does), I would commit in a second.  This probably isn't realistic, but it would be perfect for those of us that are semi-nomadic.Summary:  Go to Bikram Yoga.  Every day,  You won't regret it.
1	DISGUSTING. Would give zero stars if I could. Place was dirty. Carpeted floors in a HOT yoga setting is a terrible idea. Imagine sweaty, damp carpeted floors teeming with bacteria that is flourishing in the humid, tropical temps. Smelled like urine, B.O., and mold. The smell was so overpowering that it actually made me nauseous. I have done hot yoga/Bikhram at many studios for years, and I was unable to complete even one class at this site because of the foulness. Packed in one hot little dark room like sardines with barely an inch between mats. Not nearly enough room to comfortably and serenely hold poses. Teachers were condescending and arrogant. Yoga is supposed to be about your own practice, and what feels right for your own body. Teachers were very authoritarian about when we were "allowed" to take sips of water (hot yoga. Dehydration. Need water. Hello!?) and how we were "allowed" to rest between poses. No child's pose "allowed" apparently. Will NEVER return to this place and will actively encourage friends NOT to go. Purchased this on Groupon and demanded my money back for both my friend AND myself. Stay away.
3	Well that was different. If you are a typical suburban yoga lover, you will feel out of place. First, the room was packed with people who looked like dancers. Quite sure if I yelled "vogue", most of the class would strike a pose. Second, there are some quirky things that you have to do but all the others seemed fine with it so when in Rome.....The positive is the posture positions left me feeling tall and flexible. Also, The teacher was nice and personable. She took the time to reference people in the room as a motivational tool. It worked for me. I will definitely go back as it mixes up my yoga routine.
4	This is the only Bikram yoga studio that I have ever been to, so I'm not sure how much of my opinions are a reflection of this particular studio or of this particular style of yoga.In general, I love yoga!  I normally prefer a more vinyasa, power yoga style of practice, but I'm newer to Pittsburgh, so I've been trying out different studios.Positives of this studio:*Great location and lots of parking!*Locker room is clean and spacious*You can tell that the instructors all love yoga and their job!  They're very encouraging and always so engaged.  I really appreciate that they make an effort to know everyone's name, even if the class is packed!*Plenty of class times*There are some peak class times, but for the most part the classes are not too full.  *Again, the instructors are great.  They provide a lot of feedback and adjustments.*I looove heated yoga!  But you have to do it right.  Just turning up the heater isn't enough.  There has to be a good balance of heat and humidity.  So even though it's 100+ degrees at this Bikram yoga studio, the temperature feels really soothing and invigorating at the same time!Things I could do without:  All the rules!  It might just be part of the Bikram style of yoga.  Given that Bikram is essentially the same postures every time, I'm not too surprised that there seems to be "a way" to how things are done.  But, I'm more used to a "if it's in your practice...everyone's practice is different" type of yoga mentality.   *You have to have a towel, which I understand that they require, due to all the sweatiness.  But, we're not really moving fast, so I personally would not be worried about slipping.  Plus, I feel like I can't get any traction with the towel and I'm always slipping on the towel vs the traction I get with my mat.  *You're asked not to drink water until the standing portion is over.  Again, I know they have their reasons.  It's distracting to other yogis.  But again, I'm more used to a "if it's in your practice...everyone's practice is different" type of yoga mentality.  *Everyone is dressed in bathing suits.  I mean, yes it is sweaty in there, but I'm perfectly fine in my dry fit attire and "normal" yoga leggings.  I felt a little bit judged the first time I entered the studio.  It was like "mmmhmm, she's new.  she's not practically naked."  And the last thing is that the classes are all 1.5hr long, which is kind of big chunk of time if you've got a packed schedule already.So I hate to end on negative notes because, I do enjoy going to this studio.  I feel really invigorated after each class and would definitely recommend this studio because the instructors are great!
1	Ahem, I am editing this review after having received a reply from the owner, one that is the most condescending, officious and cynical I have ever seen. In reply to my commentary that floors /mats/anything really were not cleaned before or after class, and there is a heavy smell of urine bathing the whole room, he suggested that I am the one who smells like urine. Excellent business to attend!Not to mention the authoritative suggestion to delete my own review.__________________________________________________________________I am writing this review secretly hoping that the instructors from the location will see this and take matter in their own hands.Here is my personal story. I can put up with almost everything related to bikram yoga: the heat is fine, the totalitarian reign of bikram yoga instructors is fine, 90 minutes is fine, the speedos and crowds are fine. While I am a dilettante and I do not understand the philosophy behind it, I respect and follow.There is, however, one thing that I cannot put up with while I practice: the heavy smell of urine that oozes from the floors and the mats that they give for rent (?). Lack of hygiene has taken a new level in this location. You come in and enter the sweaty hall (which is completely understandable, there was a class right before you came in where an average of 40 people were sweating like satan in Sahara), and then you realize that you will bask in their own sweat as much as you will in yours, because nobody cleans the floors, and the mats that are aligned next to the walls will never be cleaned, only sprayed with some water and aligned back on the racks. There is no spray to clean even your own mat, and as you exercise, just when you have completely forgotten about the deal, yet another whiff of heavy, rancid urine hits you unexpectedly. ( I still have not figured out the mystery of: why on earth does it smell like urine and not like sweat?)Other than that, instructors are really cool, but as I said, I put up with not drinking water and savasana is my dear friend.I  am giving this place 2 stars (oops, not after seeing the owner's comment) because the groupon was very cheap. However, beware: if you want a full year subscription it is $1000. And then you know what you have to put up with...
4	Not for me, but...I took about 4 classes at this studio.  The first 3 went well for me (I have been a dancer for most of my life, so yoga comes pretty easily), the 4th one ruined it though.  I appreciate the idea behind Bikram, but I just felt like the heat was closing in on me... I think I nearly had a panic attack as my whole body turned bright red.  I made it through the class somehow, but only with numerous breaks.  I thought I was dying.I do love yoga, and I know that this studio is following the Bikram style and requirements.  However, the carpeted floors *WERE gross (glad to hear that they aren't carpeted anymore).  The employees do have a bit of arrogance about them (like when I said I've done "hot yoga" before, and they basically laughed at me when I told them where... "Oh, haha, that's not Bikram.").  The positive side is that the instructors are very helpful during practice (when it matters most) and make an attempt to learn everyone's name to motivate you.  As a teacher and dance instructor myself, I find that to be very inviting, especially the first time you're trying something new.The facilities here are great as well; I appreciate the fact that they have showers and a large locker room.
4	Great yoga studio in a beautiful space.  Big, clean, hard wood floors, mirrored walls.  Bathroom with showers and lockers (also clean).  Instructors are helpful, friendly (they remember your name), not pushy and pay individualized attention to you in a way that is not over-bearing.  They should have a solid 4-star rating for sure. I've done Bikram in several different cities from Brooklyn to San Francisco and in between and this is a great studio.  My one recommendation would be to offer classes that vary (in terms of level/poses/length).  But if you want a solid hour and a half class of Bikram-I would highly recommend this spot.
5	This is the best Bikram yoga studio in Pittsburgh as of 2013. If this were 2009, I  might somewhat agree with any of the comments about yucky carpet, etc (which were easily forgotten if you had Sheri, Kasper, or Zeb as your instructor), but since the relocation in Lawrenceville, this place has exceeded my expectations. Probably one of the best studios in the world that I've had the chance to practice in (although I haven't been everywhere - I've only practiced at studios in 22 out of 40-some U.S. states that have Bikram studios and only 10 of the 22 European countries that have Bikram studios...I shall post an update as I visit more around the world).Four showers, with cool wooden planks to stand on. Very clean, no carpeting, high ceilings, and a very hip, rustic feel...all of which make your Bikram practice that much more enjoyable.Also, I'm a juice person, so I LOVE the variety of drinks they have for sale. I recommend trying one of each before deciding. They also have this new Kangen H2O which I haven't tried, but am excited to.If you are a first timer, make sure you attend a class where Zeb is the teacher. Everyone is good, but he is the best.One last thing...I consider myself very honest, providing true Yelp accounts of my experiences so when I read some of the other reviews of this studio, in particular;Amy H.'s customer service review that was based on the premise that she felt cheated paying $4 extra for an intro special package (that most Bikram studios offer),..really?-or-Marianne C.'s complaint that the class was terrible because she spent years of her life eating twinkies in front of her tv rather than working out...really?-or-Jenny C, who posted a review on 16.Jan.2013 about the a"carpet" proving that she was not only a liar, but someone with an IQ of under 80 (she spelled Bikram as Bikhram and claimed she had been practicing for years)...how do you spell moron in Sanskrit? If you want to blog about how cheap you are, or how you prefer inactivity to yoga, or spew ridiculous lies, do it on your own blog rather than on a review of this studio. That way, no one will read your lame posts and see that you also rated Shady Grove with 5 stars (yes, I'm talking to you Jenny C. - Shady Grove is the lamest place on the planet), thus proving to the world what a foolish cretin you are.
5	I really like the new studio. I have been going to this studio on and off (due to money and time issues) since 2009 when the studio was under a different owner and in a different location. I've also been to studios near my hometown in Massachusetts that I didn't like nearly as much because the teacher barked orders into a microphone and said that every posture should hurt. The new location is excellent and the studio is much nicer with the hard wood floors than the old carpet. They also clean the yoga room after each class which I appreciate. I do miss some of the older teachers but the newer ones are still good.The teachers here are very helpful when you ask them a question. I love that Shannon or Zeb will stop the class to show the correct way to do a posture. I also love that all of the teachers will point out people when people are doing well. I know when I hear my name it gives me a boost of confidence and I try harder to do the postures the correct way. I will say I was surprised the one time I rejoined and they recommended no water during class but I have since learned that class really does go better without it. I'm not going to lie, this yoga is pricey but ALL Bikram yoga studios charge the same, if not more, for tuition. Also, if you have issues taking your shoes off and walking around or seeing nearly naked people in class and naked people in the dressing rooms, this probably isn't for you.
5	I went to Bikram Yoga today !  If you want a good workout that works every muscle in your body and is easy on your joints then this is it!  The room is hot , but you get used to it pretty quick it helps to warm up your muscles making it easier to do the poses.You burn a lot of calories because you sweat a lot! The studio is very nice and spacious also. They have a changing room with a couple of showers.  The instructors are very nice and they tell you not to push yourself to far into the poses it takes time to be able to do them all and that's ok.  If all you can do is stand there in the room that is okay to.You feel really good after you do this yoga!
5	I love their studio space. It's so big and clean. There are plenty of cubbies and a few big showers. The instructors are all so kind and really helpful in class by giving you pointers, tips, and encouragement. You can tell they all really love what they do. They make an effort to learn everyone's name when you sign in so that they can personally address you and give you instruction during the class. If you've never done bikram, I think you should give it a try. It's not for everyone, but everyone should at least try it once. The heat can be difficult to practice in at first, but eventually you adjust. You leave class dripping sweat, but feel like you can take on the world!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Bikram Yoga Pgh. I started out using the unlimited pass for two weeks and it didn't take long for me to start seeing the benefits. I use bikram as an addition to my other cardio and muscle building activities, and it truly gives me a sense of personal fulfillment. About the facility: it's fantastic. They offer classes at various times throughout the day. Between the classes, the front door is locked so that your items in the locker room are safe. The actual building is clean, has an urban feel, and has everything from a retail section, main desk, lounge area, mat rentals, and beverage area. The locker rooms are clean and have nice showers and cubes for your items. Many people utilize the shower facilities and there is enough room for all of the customers between classes. The actual yoga room has beautiful floors , surrounded by mirrors. The staff is so helpful in and out of class, and I have asked them for postures tips and technique help after class many times.
5	This is a very nice studio.  Very spacious, clean and urban feel to it.  So it has a nice fresh feel to it.  The teachers are very helpful, highly skilled and friendly.  They offer feedback and corrections on postures which is invaluable and will improve your practice.  You will hear them talk about form over depth.  If you go enough, you will learn how to do the postures with the correct form.  If you have trouble with some of them, they will offer you an individual modification.  In other words, you learn the proper way to do the poses which of course decreases the chances of injury and improves performance.  The class is the same every time:  the exact same postures done in the same sequence.  Personally, I find this to be a real strength.  Through repetition, you really get good at these poses.  It's very empowering when you start doing things that seemed impossible when you first started.  This is certainly a long term endeavor.  This is not a something for nothing quick fix.   It's the exact opposite of that.   Some of the poses can take ten years to fully reach.  As far as the environment, yes it is hot and you will sweat a lot.   The key is to hydrate properly .   Also, don't think that this is some elitist yoga.  It is truly for every body type, age, shape, and size.  Everybody  can benefit from it.   Here is my only complaint.  I hate to buy new pants or jeans because I know that in a few months they won't fit so well.  It's certainly a good problem to have.
