2	I have to agree with the other review here.  This place makes you feel like you are a piece of cattle being processed.  The size is one thing, but the fact that the staff doesn't seem to know that they are treating humans is sad.  Also, she is correct about the wait times.  They are incredibly waaaay too long, and nobody informs you as to what is the status of your appointment.  If you go here, be ready to feel like a number.
1	Horrible treatment of patients.  I wrote a lengthy review under UPMC about this specific hospital, Presby.  I was humiliated and exposed repeatedly in front of non-medical people, had urine poured all over me and my bed and was left to lay in it for hours.I've never been so disappointed in a hospital...and I never thought I'd say that after Honolulu hospitals!
2	In a few words : Mercy is better/cleaner/nicer/less gritty/dingy and depressing.
4	The cafeteria has some pretty good food.  Seriously - if you are often in hospitals - you will appreciate this.  11th floor - lots of windows, with very nice views.  I hope that you do not need to visit often - but if you do, you will appreiate the good food (and choices).
1	Had hearing tests done. Moved to audiologist and was fitted w hearing aids. All was good for the first three visits. During that time I was quoted a price of $200 for the optional remote to go with my new $5400 phonak hearing aids. When I got my bill they charged me $450 for the remote she had quoted at $200. I reminded them of the quote and found that quote was convienently forgotten. No adjustment!  I was then inspired to research prices on the same aid elsewhere. Shame on me for spending that much money without researching it first. Found that I was overcharged by $1,200 or more depending on where I could have bought them. Again! No adjustment!  Most places throw the remote in for free.On my last visit we were adjusting the remote and Audiologist handed the remote to me and said I dont know how to operate it. I also noticed she had trouble initially programming the aids. Not sure if she knows how to program the newer and high end models. Do your homework!  I was referred by a friend. I trusted This audiologist and my friend. Not anymore. Highly suggest going somewhere else for hearing aids. Besides, parking is a pain and will cost about $8 per visit.What a change in my opinion from the first visit to my last. All this is not to mention that I drove an hour and a half each way for each visit. Love the aids but they ain't worth the price now that I know the competition.
1	I was referred to Dr. Sundar-Raj for a new prescription after having retinal surgery with Dr. Eller. My surgery with Dr. Eller saved my sight, and I can't recommend Dr. Eller enough!  Dr Sundar-Raj, however, was in the room for hardly three minutes, barely looked in my eyes, and then wrote a prescription for a strength and brand of contact lens that doesn't exist.  (He prescribed a -10 soft Acuvue lens, and they only go up to -9.)  I was charged the $80 out of pocket prescription fee, and then had to chase down the office to edit the prescription to a type of lens that I could actually purchase.A year later, I returned for my yearly contact prescription.  Again, after two minutes in the room and barely a glance at my eyes, Dr. Sundar-Raj said that we should just reorder the lenses I had that were working well. Relieved that it would be easier this time around, I agreed.  When I got home (after paying another $80 out of pocket) it turns out that there was an error on the axis line of the prescription that made it not match up with the existing lenses I had that worked so well.  I've been on the phone with his office for over an hour trying to get this error corrected so that I can get my new contacts.  Of course the doctor doesn't want to admit to all of these errors, so he's insisting that the incorrect prescription is correct and refusing to change it.  Meanwhile, I am out $80 and have no functional contact lenses.  This hospital is fine, but under NO CIRCUMSTANCES should anyone see Dr. Sundar-Raj!
2	I have had surgery many times and this is my worst experience to date when it comes to anesthesia, pain management, and recovery care. Again, I had similar surgeries multiple times in the past so its not that I have unrealistic expectations when it comes to comfort, but my throat hurted terribly post op (this is my 4th time undergoing general anesthesia so it's not like i didn't know what to expect), and i was severely dehydrated post-op (i have had similar surgeries as well as surgeries with more blood loss - again, i knew what to expect and this is below expectation). I felt like the nurses at the recovery room rushed me out before i had enough iv fluid to cope with dehydration. Not to mention that the recovery room nurse was kinda rude and not responsive when asked for.the only reason i give this a 2 star is that before the surgery the wait room staff and nurses are all very friendly and that gets an extra star in my book. but aside from that i gotta say I'm not a fan of being practiced on by students -even tho i understand that's necessary, i kinda hope they could be more prepared before practicing on real patients. i had the worst iv job ever, i kinda wish she hadn't inject me with the numbing shot since it didn't do anything for me at all (still hurt a lot when she struggles to put the iv in). and my mouth and lips still have lots of cuts and scratches from presumably a sloppy anesthesia/intubation job.
3	What a joke ... Waited 1 hour and 50 minutes alone in the room so the uninsured drug addicts who put themselves there could receive service first... When somebody shows up because they passed out from smoking 4 blunts and not eating or OD on coke, they should be the last of concerns... No diagnosis was reached and I was given the wrong address to a specialist the next day, to top it off the security guard who I asked for help with locating the building in the department directory was a complete dick for no reason... Healthcare is a disaster and this is a prime example
1	Usually my visits here have been amazing, however, this one has been lackluster and continues to do so as the days go on. My father is in here recovering from recent survey and when he got out of surgery it took them about 9 hours to find him a bed and get him to a room, then the bed they found him was broken. So he has been uncomfortable after major surgery and unable to sleep due to bring on a broken bed for over 60 hours. So the hospital care coach, nurses and doctors told us they would get him a new bed, and more than 60 hour later, he's still in this broken bed. Also his gown does not fit or cover him, so the gown they ordered has also taken more than 48 hours to come in and upon his discharge still has not come in.On top of all of this, the ceiling tile fell in his wing. Yes, the ceiling tile fell and laid on the ground for 4 hours... This was only after housecleaning walked over it and did not clean it up, twice. I'm pretty sure it's a fire hazard and in general not safe or clean to have a ceiling exposed in a recovery wing.I went to find the patient advocate, and they also have been terrible. You cannot just go down and meet with the advocate, you have to call them. But please understand, they have office hours, and you can't meet with then face to face.So we have a bed that is broken and was never fixed or given a new one during his stay, a gown that doesn't fit and the new one never came in, a ceiling tile that fell and wasn't cleaned up or fixed for 4 hours, and a patient advocate that can't be found. Overall, I'm not pleased with the cleanliness out customer care with this visit, at all.  The overall care was good, most of the nurses and doctors were awesome but, everything else was so far below expectation, it is scary.
