4	They have just opened to the public and got their license a day before that. Thus they are still trying hard to get the correct system in place.  Some of the beers were not on yet,and some of the wine hadn't arrived. That said, they are a very friendly and helpful bunch. The staff is lovely and sweet! The atmosphere is a pub, a brownish one. The decorations are a well though out mismatch of grafittied walls to taxidermied exotic animals. We noticed that there are a few elements not so well though out. The lack of coat hooks for one. This means people use the sofas or the back of chairs to leave their coat, and discovering the second flaw - balance. The chairs are not designed to have a heavy coat on them, so they tend to topple over. Minor but noticable inconvenience. I think they need to change the seats/ supply pillows.. but that could just be me. The good points are the staff, prices for the food, cocktails and other drinks. Also the menu is slightly different than the usual fares you get. I loved their chef's handrolled sausage and vodka infused fennel. And the rosemary roasties were a treat! It was nice of one of the chefs and owner; Joseph Malik, to come out and have a little chat with us and plug their brunch menu as well. And that looks delicious.  I do like it here and have already staked my favourite seat(s) in the house.
4	Can Leith stand another pub? Well, maybe yes from my first couple of experiences of the just opened Lioness of Leith (LOL).  In terms of location and market LOL squeezes in between the Parlour (which will suffer most from LOL's arrival), the Swedish bars (Victoria and Boda) and Compass/Nobles on Constitution St.  I dont think it comes close to the Vintage in terms of booze and food (which is my benchmark Leith bar) but equally its got a cool factor the Vintage lacks.  It should do well with its friendly service, great food, decent (but not great) beers, good cocktails, family friendly, decent sized space etc.  It has a pinball machine and a retro video game.So far the big plus is the food.  The wiener schnitzel is already a hit with those who've had it.  The steaks look great as do the roasts (there is a rotisserie set up at weekend) .  In passing, I am so pleased to see that the tradition of a good roast is beginning to make its mark on Scottish bars.  I have tended to think of this as an English pub or a Beefeater chain thing but there is no reason not to see it more regularly in good local bars.I am a BIG fan of LOL's sister bar the Safari Lounge and if LOL can take some of that vibe and develop some of its own style then it will become a very popular Leith destination bar.  There is a bit of a buzz at the moment since it is new but the test is in Feb/March when we see who chooses to spend there time here rather than in the other good bars mentioned above.  I hope LOL does well.
4	I feel i ought to give this place a second visit as I went for lunch and don't actually have a great sense for the place as a pub. anyway:So the lioness has a very child of the 80s aesthetic. Arcade game machine by the door, big boom boxes hanging from the ceiling. This place has certainly managed to shake off whatever lingering clientele there might have been from whatever it was before and has established itself as a place for trendy folk with cash to splash. It's a big open bar, i'd love it if they did events where they cleared away all the tables and had a big dance space. The main bar is probably somewhere in the region of 25m^2 so could be fun. I didn't particularly like the rustic tables they have here. the table edges are too rough and I could feel the skin being grated off my arms through the meal. They're also not level, not idea for tall drinks at all.Firstly i had a pint of the house beer, a light lagery thing that was entirely drinkable. Perhaps not to the taste of people who want a pint with a great deal of depth, but I suspect it would be a great post work pint. I didn't ever get close to the bar to inspect what drinks are on offer at large, the taps looked a little lacking in variety, fairly typical euro imports for the most part although i did see some barney's on the right.The menu seems a little impenetrable at first, there is none of your typical pub grub affair here, and perhaps some of the descriptions are suffering from being a little too wordy. That said the staff are happy to explain various things to you so you don't order something you don't want by accident. I had a lovely little chorizo and capers starter, but my risotto main was lacking something. Perhaps some crunchy roasted pumpkin seeds or something. The dessert i had was pretty excellent however. Poached pairs with, get this, cardamon custard croquettes. Light, sweet, spiced; heaven I tell you.I want to come back to this place to drink rather than eat so i can get a full measure of the joint, but I'm positive it'll be to my liking. That said I am fussy about my pubs...*edit*I popped in for brunch with a yelpy bunch today and was very please with my brunch roll thing. Delicious filling although the roll was a scone which just plain confused me. What was really lovely is the facilities they have for kids. A gorgeous kids menu and tasty food for little mouths too.
3	Oh, it's so very cool here - I love the bright walls and the wacky decoration (a stuffed antelope head on the wall adorned with a tacky tiara sums the place up pretty perfectly) and the retro arcade game. I also love the sense of space.The brunch menu is limited, and of the four options, two appealed to me: the Mary Moriarty (poached eggs and smoked salmon on a brioche bun) and the Eggs Irvine Welsh (scrambled with chorizo, I think). I plumped for the MM, but I was surprised to find the salmon cold. To be fair to them, it was clearly meant to be - not a case of "outrage! My dish arrived cooled down!" More a case of "that's a bit odd, with hot eggs." Maybe just me, but I wasn't sure about it. The brioche bun was very nice - again not my expectation - I think of brioche as super soft and fluffy and this was toasted to rock-like crunch - but pleasant.Our waiter was very perky and achingly cool in style; big plus points for dealing with a confused rabble of brunch-hungry Yelpers on a Saturday morning with such efficiency and cheer.All in all, I had a lovely brunch, but I think much of that was related to the lovely company. I'll be happy to go back and try it again to see how it fares in a less brunchy situation because it really is a very nice spot.
4	My kinda place, thanks to Rayan D. for setting up a Saturday brunch here!There was a slight initial misstep, in that our first round of drinks went undelivered, but the friendliness of the service more than made up for the slight mistake.The only other slight curiosity is in ordering one of their bloody mary's I was asked how spicy I would like it... as anyone who knows me would expect, I ordered the hottest possible and was even warned by the waitress that it was going to be "extremely hot" when it was delivered... somehow, to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up, it was not spicy at all... as in I'm not saying that because I love spice and it wasn't spicy enough, it literally lacked any kick whatsoever... to the point I'm wondering if there was a mix-up somehow.  That said, it definitely got an A+ for presentation... if I find myself here on a weekend morning again I might give it another go directly from the bar.As for the food, between three of us we had a sharing platter and two of the egg dishes, the Mary Moriarty and Eggs Irvine Welsh... all three were winners, with a special nod to the sharing plater and the Mary Moriarty.  (The Eggs Irvine Welsh wasn't bad, I would just choose the Mary Moriarty over it personally.)  Some of our group opted for the roast chicken, which I believe normally requires four to order... it definitely looked like it was worth a try, but having lived in Yorkshire for so long I tend to skip any type of roast lunches if there's something a bit more adventurous on offer.The decor and vibe of the place were spot on... no complaints to be had, I personally love a rustic retro chic vibe.As an example of the level of service, after the majority of our group left another large group was seated next to my two cohorts and I... after a while more members of that group arrived and the waiter very kindly asked us if we would be willing to move later if he topped up our beers.  We explained we were happy to move when the time came, and that no top-up was required... after moving and denying two top-ups of beer the gentlemen came by with three shots of jaeger as a thanks for moving without a fuss... as you can guess, we graciously accepted these... I mean, he had already poured them, it would have been rude not to.I guess one of the best compliments I can pay to this place is that I wished it weren't so far away from where I'm located as I stand envious of those that can call it a local stop... still, it was worth the journey and I definitely look forward to returning for another lazy weekend lunch or perhaps even dinner in the future.
4	I really liked this place! Tucked up a street at the Foot of the Walk, opposite the big Tesco, it might seem out the way but open that corner door and you step into a spacious, chilled bar and eaterie that was the perfect hideaway on a wet winter's night.The big thing that I remember is the two barmen and staff were so super friendly. So much so that I kinda want to go back just to get such great banter and warm smiles.My hand rolled Italian sausage was nice. A little dry, but it was gluten free and given that most sausages aren't gluten free, I was a happy chappy! The garlic and rosemary roast potatoes I ordered on the side were DIVINE. I wouldn't be surprised if they were twice roasted, or fried, or made delicious. So crispy and fluffy.A nice bar, well worth checking out. The menu doesn't have nachos or burgers, but the prices are still affordable. A bit fancier pub grub with nice prices, ace!
3	Popped in for a pint on a rainy Saturday night and the general impression was of a place still in the phase of initial popularity as there wasn't a seat to be had around ten pm. Plumped for a bottled Australian beer as there didn't seem to be any real ales on tap so confirmation of that, paying a visit when it's emptier and having a look at the menu are all factors that will see me make a second visit in the near future.
3	Daura Damm GF beer available and for a first visit, this pleased me a lot!I don't find myself in Leith that often and although we've had a few brunches in Leith, I've always found the menu's to be lacking in GF friendliness so I've tended to avoid.The Lioness is one of the new gang of pubs which have opened over the last year or so. All reclaimed furniture, lots of wood and even a pinball machine you can sit at. We of course sat at the pinball machine for novelty value but not the most comfortable as I hate sitting on stools.So, GF beer available - yay! We grabbed some quick snacks - chips which were ok and nothing outstanding hence the three stars. If I'm in the area then I probably would pop back and try some more of the menu as there were GF friendly dishes listed and maybe will increase the star rating.
3	I think 3 stars is about right for this place.Personally, I think there's too many similar bars popping up in Edinburgh with similar decor and drinks etc but what makes others better is their menus and to a lesser extent, the price.  There's been a couple of times I've been hungry but just don't fancy the limited choices at the weekend. There's also been a few times where I've popped in only to find that all the tables are reserved with no one actually sitting at them. This is not the only bar that has this policy in place though  it is annoying and these places are losing custom because of it.
