5	Very nice store with great quality products. We have purchased cheaper baby stuff at the big box places but have then come to stores like this for the good stuff all over again. Take my advice, spend the money right the first time, and you'll save money in the long run. The owners are very friendly as well. We'll go back for sure.
5	Just purchased my bugaboo stroller from this store.  Found products that are usually only available online.  I love this store.  Super cute and great customer service!!!
5	This place is awesome! They have a great selection of strollers and carriers. The store owner is very helpful and knowledgable about everything he has in store. I bought a bunch of accessories for my stroller here. He will let you try the strollers and carriers out and show you how they work. I bought toys here and love them. I recently had my baby's amber teething necklace break (bought it from here) he replaced it no questions asked. This place is where I come for all my baby needs.
5	Great store, they have the higher end items that are only available online or at the other store that I will not name or patronize in town.  Extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Very fair prices too.  I would reccomend this store anytime and will be back to buy more.
5	This store is a must when in the market for quality, high end, modern baby items. They have a large selection of double strollers that is hard to find elsewhere. The staff is very open and friendly and not pushy like some places can be.  I will definitely be back!
5	Best store for new parents.the owner is very friendly and informative on his products.give discounts and help u if needed on assembly products. I strongly recommend!
5	It was an absolute pleasure to find this shop and see all the great new products that it keeps up with. Coming form Hawaii we have the big box store and a couple of boutique baby stores but the prices are high. I highly recommend you visit this shop when in the area. The owner is the nicest guy!
