4	Hip clothes for the instant rock and roller.   Spanking new Ben Shermans are very expensive but if you can't find it anywhere else in Charlotte, you can certainly find it here.
3	I'm not too sure how to review this place.  They have some great funky clothes which a lot are retro remakes. Where new companies will buy old patterns and styles from defunk companies.  I have bought a few things here and do like the place, but it reminds me of people looking for that "vintage look" but want it in brand new shape and don't mind paying 45 dollars for a t-shirt or 150 dollars for "vintage looking" jeans.  I guess its a bit too LA for me. If you want to look vintage you shouldn't be spending Nordstrom prices.
4	This place is party girl/hipster central.  There are slinky dresses and various other club ware.  All kinds of designer brands, so it's not the cheapest place on the face of the planet, but the shoes are worth it at least.  They also have party supplies, so if you need interesting decorations to go with that new outfit this is the place to come.
4	I walked into Boris and Natasha's and I was greeted by the disco sounds of LCD Soundsystem.  Not to mention it was the first time I had been to the place in almost eight years and the owner still remembered me.  There is nothing I love more than people that respect their clientelle as much as this place.  The clothes are somewhat expensive, but its a boutique and that is the way that it goes.  The staff is absolutely wonderful and full of fashion and music knowledge.  The store is set up with all of the colors of the rainbow.  There is a great selection of funky aviators (glasses are my thing).  See what's up!
3	Although I've never been able to afford to buy anything from Boris & Natasha, I've had lots of fun window shopping. It's a great place to get a taste of what's happening in fashion, and then you can hit up Forever 21 to get the knock-off version. The customer service is top-knotch, as it should be for a boutique. If you've got deep pockets, then Boris & Natasha is the best place in Charlotte to get your hoochie clothes for the club...if they're not so deep...get your clubbing inspiration, and make the hike to Concord Mills for the Forever 21 alternative.
4	How I wish I could afford anything at Boris & Natasha...I would buy so much clothes there. They've got really cute, funky dresses, skirts and tops. Lots of high-end brands like Anna Sui, Ben Sherman, Modern Amusement and French Connection. They've also got great jewelry, and sometimes jewelry designers do trunk shows there.
4	Cool hipster clothing shop, housed in a large colorful corner building in Plaza Milwood offers an assortment of modern fashions for men and women, although the offerings for men are more limited than for the ladies.  The usual assortment of hipster brands - Modern Amusement, Munsingwear, Ben Sherman and the like are represented.  The shop girls follow patrons around, but do not offer assistance unless asked, at least during our visit, perhaps there are a lot of thefts in the store that justifies this odd practice.Store mascot, Odie McMuffin, a mix breed dog was one of the highlights of the visit.
2	Seriously? You're going to just stand behind the counter staring at me after I walk into your store and cheerfully say "Hi!"?Wait, you're going to follow me around, too, when I get slightly out of sight in the Men's section?Um, you only stock way-marked up designer and knock off crap that a) anyone with half a brain could source on the internet for cheaper and b) seems to be a selection of the ugliest, trendiest wares available that season?Oh, Boris and Natasha... I remember when you were a latex-bedecked, stripey, upscale goth version of Hot Topic, and I wish you'd revert back. At least you were good for a laugh.
4	Ok yeah, it's on the secret 4th level of expensive, especially for Charlotte.  When I drop that kind of coin in boutiques here in the ATL, i have store people calling and emailing for weeks.  Just to you know, see how i'm doing and enjoying my purchases and to let me know what a precious angel from heaven I am.   HOWEVERBoris and Natasha is amazing.  It's, like, actually worth it.  There's a good spectrum of more affordable things mixed in with the Anna Sui and Pat Field's.  I love how NYC fashion it is, even though you know they know it's like a fashion missionary effort to lots of folks who are still rocking cherry print dresses like it's 1999.  And I can't find anything like their jewelry in Atlanta.  Little 5 points and East Atlanta front so hard but Boris and Natasha is the truth.  I've gone to the dark side of bougie-prepster-j crew 20% off sale, but i look knowing and ironic with my bright orange coral necklace that looks like sabertooth tiger teeth.  i also found an edgy white dress that i'd never have the balls to wear out but secretly, in the dressing room, had to admit that if i was a dude i'd totally want to bang me.  Just sayin.What I'm trying to say is:  it's good stuff.  You might not get it, but it's good for you.  Live a little for chrissakes.
2	I visited Boris and Natasha's yesterday to look around and I was hoping for a much better experience. I love fashion, and I genuinely enjoy looking at higher-end clothing (I usually don't buy it, but I've been known to...) just to say I have seen it. I walked into the store to and was "greeted" (more like appraised based on my shorts and tank top ensemble) by 1 of 4 employees sitting around their empty, over-priced store. As I looked around, I was followed by that same employee who watched my every move. It got ridiculous so I just left without seriously considering looking at something. Yes, I understand I am a teenager, but for all they know I could be ready to drop some cash on dresses and I was not impressed AT ALL at their attitudes. (After all who is there target audience here...they're playing pop/indie music and selling junior high-end dresses and they don't want teens in their store?!) Their clothes were decent, but the brands in the store, such as French Connection, normally have more to offer and I don't feel like Boris and Natasha's was selling it well. I give them 2 stars because I'm not completely heartless, but I was pretty unimpressed, not to mention intimidated out of mind by that clingy saleswoman...You and your wallet would do much better elsewhere in Charlotte.
3	Perfect for hipster fashion.  Its a little pricey for me, but I usually end up going there once or twice a year to get that perfect hat or vest.  The owner has always been helpful to me and is extremely generous with donating to charities that I worked on.
1	Glad to see people are catching on that this is an overhyped, overpriced sh-thole that have the most unfriendly, pseudo-hipster poser employees you can imagine working in a retail store. With the friggin' OUTRAGEOUS prices you'd think that the employees would be over-accomodating to try to make it such a great place, u don't mind spending what they ask, but NO!!!!...the perfect storm of crappiness: poor selection, high prices, sh-tty employees, pissy attitudes...LETS ALL GO RIGHT NOW!!!!!...:)
5	Being from Montana, we just don't get a selection of designer stuff like this. Anna Sui? Impossible So I was in heaven lifting stuff off the racks and trying it on. I especially loved that Hope has high/low price points on EVERYTHING. I bought THE MOST amazing pair of shoes for $79. She and her employee even stayed after hours to let me try stuff on (which they probably don't make a habit of, but I am eternally grateful, as my flight left early the next morning). I found them to be very relaxed and helpful, not hovering. I gave specific concerns about my figure flaws, and both Hope and her employee went on a scavenger hunt finding appropriate cuts within my price range. They nailed it!  I love this place! I think it really shows when someone is passionate about what they do; Hope clearly is an expert and loves what she does.
4	I don't know why it's taken me oh-so-long to step into Boris & Natasha?! Honestly, I didn't know what to expect, but I was really impressed overall.The major points of importance...1) Selection: Everything from affordable, adorable brands like BB Dakota and Double Zero to uber trendy and pricey Anna Sui and Vivienne Westwood. I also saw plenty of brands in between like Tibi and French Connection. Whether you're on a budget or blowing out the bank, there's something here for you. The mix is great and there are tons of dresses and tops for a variety of styles (and price points)! I didn't, however, see too many pants or jeans except for on one wall near the cash register. 2) Price: Just to clarify from above - tops from $20-$200, dresses from $40-$600 (only a few at that elevated price point), jewelry was all over the map and really, really cool. 3) Staff: The staff was really friendly and quite helpful! They let me shop around, made a worthwhile suggestion that actually led to a purchase. FYI - I had a lovely top in my hand and they suggested I take a peek at a dress that was the of similar style. I didn't find them to be the least bit overbearing or on the other side of the coin, aloof, they were right in the middle. While I don't have a solid reason why I waited so long to visit Boris & Natasha I know I won't wait too long to go back!
5	I Love this Place!!!  Last summer I was introduced to Boris + Natasha and always look forward to taking friends and my family when they visit!I'm always looking for new hats and today I had my eyes on some new (not here last month) swim wear!!!  What I have purchased here was higher quality than most stores and it was better constructed and better materials!  I have probably met all the staff and they are always helpful, very knowledgeable and friendly!  My aim is to get here at least once a month.  I figure here their are about 24 Fashion Seasons for Men!Today my nieces, sister and parents came for a visit and they really liked the store, merchandise and Dog!
3	Stopped in Boris and Natasha recently with some friends.  It is a funky place with a surprisingly large guys section.  Most everything wasn't my style as it leaner towards flashy and "look at me" items.  For men it is super pricey hipster - a lot of niche brands along with Ben Sherman and Original Penguin.  Nice to have some different things to look at than mall clothes though.  It had the feel of a thrift or secondhand store, but with new clothes and higher prices.  Service seemed to be friendly and they made an effort to point out some things that I would potentially like.
4	Boris + Natasha is THE destination for cutting edge fashion for both men and woman.  This is not the place you want to shop if you do not want to be noticed or complemented on your appearance or style!  The prices do vary tremendously so do not be surprised if you find a $70 dress on the same rack as a $300 skirt.  Whether  you plan on spending $70 or $300,  you will find some amazing clothes, shoes, shades and jewelry. This is my one stop shop for most social occasions. From French Connection to Double Zero, Boris + Natasha fits sexy-trendy to classic-chic style preferences.
2	As someone who gives credit where it is due..here is what I can say about this place. Nice, trendy and classic pieces. Terrible customer service. Primarily overpriced. I myself have experienced the "not so friendly vibe"...as well as many of my friends. We've all had similar experiences there. It's almost like "you're not buying anything,so who cares" But why would we? When you feel like your business won't be appreciated. I also know friends who sell to the boutique and the markup is insane. So I know the value just isn't there. But I'm not trying to knock her hustle...I've purchased things in the past. The attitude always changes when you're spending money... so I think that's the key. *side eye*
4	I've only been in this store twice but I've loved it both times. I don't remember how the customer service was last time i went (over a year ago) but I do remember that I got some awesome green over-priced boots for really cheap because they were on sale in the middle of summer on a 99 degree day. I still wear the boots and think that their sale section is awesome.When I went in today i got a really cute mustard yellow top that was a very unique, chic design. THe guy behind the counter was SUPER friendly and helpful. I def enjoyed shopping there today.As for the price, it ranges. Some things are pretty moderately pried while others are pretty expensive. It really just depends on what brand you're looking for. I will definitely continue shopping here.
5	Great clothes!Cool Sunglasses-Amazing Jewelry!!!!
2	The staff here is somewhat friendly but their selection is lacking.  I find their prices to be insanely high.  I mean, it's Charlotte not Rodeo Drive.
5	I've been going to Boris & Natasha for nearly a decade. As you can imagine (and hope) my tastes and budget have changed. No matter what my spending limits are, I can ALWAYS find a great dress or ensemble. The employees are just lovely- bringing me additional sizes, suggesting great styles (both things that fit my pre-existing wardrobe and things that are out of the ordinary- items that I most often end up purchasing). Beyond the incredibly versatile selection of clothing, they also have an amazing selection of eclectic jewelry from local designers, great (and cheap) sunglasses, and wonderful shoes ranging from very affordable flats to beautifully constructed leather boots. I sadly no longer live in Charlotte but every time I come back in town for a visit, this is most definitely a required stop.
4	I've been living in Charlotte for over a year and just went to Boris and Natasha for the first time this week. Considering I have shopped around Central Ave frequently, goes to show you how this place can be overlooked easily.  In terms of dress selection, I absolutely adored the place! The prices were a bit steeper than I'm willing to pay, but I did find a great dress for an upcoming wedding that was reasonable.  My husband really likes the store as well, said he wanted to buy everything! Consider this a new destination shop we'll be visiting often when we need our shopping fix.
1	I experience racial profiling during my visit at this store. I have previously been a customer before the bad experience of being followed around the store like I was going to steal merchandise and because of that bad experience I know longer want to spend money at this place. I have never felt so mistreated and uncomfortable.
