4	Pretty awesome business.  Actually, pretty awesome project I should say.  They're one of the lucky businesses that have been included in the Pittsburgh Pop-Up Project - a program that helps business development downtown (http://projectpopuppittsburgh.wordpress.com/about/).  The whole concept is that the workers are "dreamers."  Whatever flavor you choose is assigned to a certain dream.  So every purchase of ice cream allows 25% of the profits to go to that certain dream.  Some of the dreams are making an album, raising money for the Liver Foundation, a missions trip, tea room and the list goes on.  Such a cool concept, right?  So let's get to sweet stuff, the ice cream!  It's Perry's Ice Cream, which I haven't had too much of... but will now!  I tried the Carrot Cake, which was incredible!!  It seriously tasted exactly like carrot cake, with cream cheese included!  YUMM-O!  They actually had a bunch of winning flavors for me... Cookie Dough, Birthday Cake, etc.  So here's the thing... visit this ice cream shop because it's not only local, but you'll be supporting someone's dreams.  Ice cream + dreams = makes ya feel great!
5	OH MY Deliciousness!  They do really make dreams come true - mine that is!  I got the banana cream pie ice cream and it was fantastic, really everything I dreamed it would be!  I sorta felt it was a bit pricey at over $3 for a single scoop, but I justified it since I was helping someone fulfill their dream while indulging in a super tasty treat, which is every girl's dream...that or maybe a knight in shining armor carrying a bowl of this ice cream!
4	Loved the flavor choices. Staff very friendly. Great concept.
5	A great concept brought to downtown Pittsburgh by another great concept!  Thank you, Mayor Ravenstahl for Project Pop-Up - if for no other reason than Dream Cream Ice Cream.  I was happy to support the Dream Cream cause because I think it's a wonderful idea.  And even better than the idea?  The ice cream.  The White Lightening made me weep.  And being told, "Meritt thanks you" because I bought her flavor was a nice touch.  I thought the price was reasonable - $3.25 for a generous single scoop - especially when you consider that you're helping others.  The staff of volunteer dreamers was very friendly.  I could not have been more pleased with the whole experience.  I've started recommending Dream Cream to everyone.  And now that summer is upon us, I will be returning to help others through my love of ice cream.
4	Pop-Up project hits it out of the park and into outer space with Dream Cream Ice Cream.The concept is both simple and inspiring.  An ice cream shoppe where certain flavors are assigned to dreams.  Part of the proceeds from the sale then go towards the fulfillment of said dream.Three flavors caught my eyes:  birthday cake, red velvet, and cookie dough.  I opted for the Birthday Cake, yum, and will be returning soon to try out the other two.  Pricing was above average in the "expensiveness" when comparing to other scoop based shoppes, but it is such an unique downtown offering, than it is well worth it.Newer facilities and great service as the cherry on top of the ice cream cake, haha.
5	Service was friendly. Nice addition to downtown. No complaints only great ice cream from people who seem to enjoy where they work.
5	Some of the best ice cream I've ever had. Coconut is a killer house flavor and the birthday bash was not too sweet. Owner is very kind and wanting to talk about life with anyone who walks in. A great business model and way to support dreams of the people right in the community of Pittsburgh. Highly Recommend!
5	I dream, you dream, we all dream... for much more than just ice cream.  Dream Cream Ice Cream is not just about enjoying the delicious slow-churned Perry's ice cream they serve here, it's about supporting people's dreams--  whether it be studying abroad in Australia, producing a short film, or building an organization.  A quarter of profits for each of about a dozen of the flavors here go towards supporting a volunteer's dreams (who works two days a week).  You can also apply with them if you want one of your dreams supported for about a month.  Thomas, the owner, is a funny guy.  I asked him what his dream was, and he said it was to allow people to fulfill their dreams.  He plans to have some tables and counter put in (currently, there is nowhere to sit).  He also told me about how he planned to have all these signed Playbills from the nearby musicals and shows put up along this wall.  Will have to come back later to see if he's fulfilled his dreams and enjoy more ice cream.  One scoop is $3.25, two for $4.15, and three for $5.This shop is a part of Project Pop-Up Pittsburgh to make downtown Pittsburgh more vibrant and attractive to visitors.
5	Excellent ice cream, friendly employees, and proceeds benefit good causes. What more could you want? I recommend stopping in to chat with the employees and support them. Each ice cream they sell benefits local charities and other good causes. The place isn't fancy, but I just took that to mean they are spending their money on better things than decorations.
3	I think all the hype about this place is for the dreamers.  I thought the cashier was inattentive, and was way too busy talking to his friends to pay any attention to us the customer's. The ice cream was alright but nothing to make me come back for more.
5	Found this little ice cream place on yelp! This small business opened the end of May, part of a empty store front project. Half of the flavors, 25% of proceeds go to an nonprofit organization. The scoopers there today represented their own organization and flavor. When you go in, they give a brief explanation of their organization and their flavor, they were very friendly and allowed us to try quite a few flavors. The flavors were unique and very tasty, prices were very reasonable as well. The decor and even the ice cream cup were plain, but don't let that deter you; its to be expected with this type of small business. Hopefully they will do well the first year and stick around! Definitely will support them and go many times again!!!!
5	This place is awesome! I'm out with my significant other for New Years Eve and thought I should embrace the winter weather and get ice cream. We were the first customers of the night at Dream Cream and the owner embraced us with a warming welcomed and explained his business model to us...supporting peoples dreams with ice cream!! Some flavors provide donations to people in need who then volunteer at Dream Cream. Its an excellent service and the staff is very friendly.The flavors they have are splendid. So many tasty flavors such as southern apple pecan pie, pumpkin, coffee, tiramisu, and your basic flavors. Sometimes I hesitate with flavors parlors offer, but here at Dream Cream I knew right away; Southern Apple Pecan Pie. It felt so warm and flavorful. Im not sure if this place is seasonal or not, but it was open for NYE and that was awesome. I do plan on coming back; support this establishment!
5	Honest ice cream.  I had the strawberry - it was creamy but not cloying, with slices of strawberry that were perfectly ripe and very refreshing.  My friend had the Blueberry Cheesecake, which he said was yummy - and a rare find.But there are other reasons to go to Dream Cream.  First off, it was kind of a party in there, and the warm vibe of the owner scooping the ice cream, and his banter with his other customers was infectious.  We only stopped in because nothing else was open in downtown Pittsburgh after 11 pm one night - and we left feeling like we'd had a feast instead of an ice cream cone.  He told us about how he just signed the lease to stay as a permanent tenant after his year as a "Pop Up" - and about how he is helping other people's dreams come true with his ice cream sales.  Really, it just was a great experience.  I'll be coming back the next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
5	Do you work downtown and find yourself occasionally craving a sweet icy treat?    But wait...does eating ice cream make you feel guilty? Well good news, Dream Cream Ice Cream is a unique nonprofit and with each scoop of their tasty ice cream, they facilitate funds to be donated to individual philanthropic projects in our community. These projects can vary from raising money for new soccer uniforms to helping a local young couple with their child adoption fees. (Yinzers helping other Yinzers reach their dreams...all while enjoying delicious ice cream)Here is how it works: "Custom flavors serve as crowd-sourced fundraisers which allow groups and individuals the extra funds to conquer financial hurdles and, in turn, accomplish their goals. Individuals choose a custom ice cream flavor and Dream Cream Ice Cream donates a percentage of monthly sales directly to each dream. In exchange for the donation individuals barter their time as "Dreamers" by serving in the ice cream shop."Bottom line: delicious ice cream-good cause
4	Great ice cream and for a cause!  Only open during business hours.  For each different flavor a portion goes to a cause i.e. to help with someone's medical bills or to replace a home that burned down.  They have about 20 different flavors and basic toppings (no sundaes).
5	What a FANTASTIC and inspiring little ice cream shop!! Cute, colorful atmosphere (though can get a bit crowded), SUPER friendly and informative employees... OMG the guy behind the counter was not shy explaining every flavor I drooled at, nor did he mind giving the many samples I requested ;)       The cause is such a cool idea - giving back part of the profits to people trying to reach their dreams! The somewhat pricey ice cream cone (about $4.50 with tax for two scoops and an add-in of butterfinger pieces) was well worth it!! Get Queen of Hearts; this rich, fudge-y, melt-in-your-mouth flavor (double fudge chocolate with swirls of raspberry) will NOT disappoint.
5	Best idea ever. Ice cream combined with helping startups and foundations. Walking distance from the PNC Park and the Renaissance Hotel. Choose a flavor with your mouth, and a cause with your heart.
5	Ive been here three times now and every time they have really hit it out of the park. The staff is incredibly friendly and most importantly the ice cream is fantastic. I love what they are doing here and I really cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Super friendly staff and delicious flavours of ice cream! Keep in mind the flavours get rotated out either weekly or bi weekly! Don't get upset your favorite flavour is gone! Try something new!HIghly recommended: Peanut Butter FudgeWhy: Duh, its delicious
5	Eating Ice Cream to help a noble cause. Pretty Awesome! right? Well, it gets better - the prices are very reasonable and the staffs are super friendly and professionalA portion of the money for each flavor goes to a specific cause. If you're interested in knowing the cause - Thomas (the owner) will be more than happy to give you a run down of that specific or other many course the store supports. And don't worry - the same flavor doesn't always go to the same cause - they rotate every now and then but you can always ask before trying.So, go help out a cause and spoil yourself with one of the many flavors of Ice Cream.
4	I took my coworkers there. We both like their lemon favor. I got this 5 for 10 dollar deals from yelp and it is a great deal.
5	The carrot cake ice cream was flawless. Really amazing idea behind the business, makes you feel great about eating ice cream! The owner is very helpful and friendly. Ill be back a million times.
5	Who knew that stuffing my face with ice cream could help others?? Love the concept of partial ice cream profit proceeds going towards someone else's "dream." Why should Ben and Jerry make bank on ice cream flavors?Staff volunteer for their donation proceeds. Friendly folks and their ice cream.
3	Great concept, but terrible service. After waiting a long time while the girls before me flirted with the scooper, I was given a dinky, icy scoop when the girl before me got a nice, full cone. I ended up picking out the candy pieces from my ice cream and tossing the rest. I wanted to love this place!
5	Small gem tucked away amongst the big city.  Pumpkin ice cream, polite and enjoyable staff and helping others with their dreams. Highly recommend you stop in today.
5	Everything about this place is amazing.Amazing ice cream choices! (too many to choose just one!)Amazing idea! Volunteer/Sponsorship opportunists!Amazing people! Friendly, energetic and motivated staff*! Amazing location! Easy to get to on my lunch break when I need a sweet fix!If you haven't checked this place out yet, you truly are missing out!
5	I can't believe I've never reviewed Dream Cream. We've been coming since their opening night awhile ago. I absolutely love the concept of how proceeds go to a Dreamers dream or a local charity/organization. For instance, at the moment the cookie dough is for the Urban League to create more school programs to help more kids graduate. Even my diet can't argue with that! They always have many flavors to choose from + yogurt or sherbet flavors(Perrys Ice.Cream) The owner is really nice. We've been coming so much that we always chat with him and catch up while we are there and wave as we're walking past on the days that we don't stop in.
5	Stooped In during a Segway tour of downtown Pittsburgh. Great variety of flavors.  Friendly staff.  Very cool concept.
5	Who knew that buying ice cream would be helping another achieve their dreams? You get delicious ice cream and help out a good cause: a win-win situation!I stopped by just before a show at Heinz Hall and had the opportunity to meet 3 cute ladies, who each explained what they were raising money for. I initially only wanted 1 flavor, but I ended up getting three (not because I'm a fatty) because I wanted to support the girls I've met.The ice cream is delicious- thick, creamy and flavorful. They have a bunch of flavors (20 or so?), and you can try some of the unconventional ones before you decide.As for the price- super affordable. Three huge scoops in a waffle cone with $5? And support a project? You can't beat that.
5	Best ice cream in Pittsburgh!!! Every scoop of ice cream flavor you buy has a certain charity/intent designated to it and a percentage of the $ you spend will go towards that cause. If it's your first time there they'll clap for you and sing you a welcome song!! So don't be afraid. Best ice cream in Pittsburgh as far as I'm concerned. I went a little HAM with my 3 scoops.
5	Great ice cream (Perry's, which is especially exciting for me since I'm from the Buffalo area), great flavors, great service and for a great cause.  I'll be trying to earn that 11th free ice cream!
5	Very nice staff. 25% goes to someones dream. They clap for you if it's your 1st time. Ice Cream tastes great!! Good price! Coming again before I go home!
5	Ice cream and helping a cause? What's not to love?The people are welcoming and friendly. Love this place!
5	Dream Cream is a little pricey per scoop but it's for a good cause! It's a great nonprofit and each ice cream's profits goes towards a different charity or cause of your choice! Wonderful flavors for a great idea.
5	Really good ice cream, and a super cool idea. They clap for you though which is scary
5	This ice cream shop is absolutely amazing! They don't just sell ice cream, they sell dreams as well! Every month, each ice cream flavor represents a different charity or cause. My favorite flavor is "Movie Time." I know it sounds weird but it's actually delicious! The ice cream tastes like a salty and sweet popcorn and it has caramel cups swirled in! One of the best ice creams I've ever had! Come check this place out!
5	I'd been meaning to stop by here for some ice cream for awhile, but the opportunity didn't arise until tonight.  My friend and I were headed to the Benedum to see Annie, but she didn't want to have dinner beforehand.  I asked her if she wanted to get ice cream, and she assented, so we headed to Dream Cream for a quick before-show snack.My friend and I really liked the concept of this business--since others have articulated it in their reviews, I won't rehash it.  When we walked in, we were asked if it was our first time here, and we confirmed that it was, so we were given a round of applause by all of the employees.  The two young men behind the counter gave us samples of the red velvet ice cream, which was the flavor of the month and supported the Children's Miracle Network.  While the flavor was interesting and tastier than I'd imagined (I'm not a huge red velvet cake fan), I decided against committing to a scoop, but the good salesmanship won over my friend.  Instead, I went with the birthday cake ice cream, which was quite delicious--almost on par with the similar flavor at Dave and Andy's--which supported another employee's effort to obtain hospitality training to start a restaurant.  Regardless of which flavor you choose, you can't go wrong, since they serve Perry's ice cream, and they all support a great cause!The one suggestion I have is to provide signage or labeling indicating the cause that each flavor supports, since this may sway some people's decisions.  I did ask, and one of the employees said he knew all of them, but I didn't want to trouble him to recite them all, so I just chose a flavor and asked him to tell me what the cause was.  Other than that, this place is a great way to give back to the community while enjoying some delicious treats, so give it a try if you haven't stopped by yet!
