5	I scheduled my dog for grooming and I was a little nervous, because this was the first time I had taken her to Crossroads Veterinary Hospital.  But all doubt was erased when the groomer arrived and it was Scott, the dog trainer.  He taught the canine obedience classes that we took with our puppy.  I immediately knew that my dog was in good hands.  Scott listened to my concerns about my dog's sensitive skin and assured me he would use the oatmeal shampoo.When I picked up my dog she was all smiles, sparkling clean and super soft. The staff was friendly and helpful and the place is really clean.  I will definitely be back.
5	We've been using Dr. McComb for many years, at least since 2002 I believe. He's been an awesome vet from the very beginning. He knows his stuff, cares about his patients, is fair in pricing, and definitely is passionate about his profession and his clients! We went to him when he was at McQueen Veterinary Clinic, and we'll continue seeing him at his new expanded clinic, Crossroads Veterinary Hospital. Congratulations to him on his expansion! That says something about how great he is, doesn't it?Thank you Dr. McComb! Our Pack (River, Charlie, Yasha, Marley, and soon-to-be-new-addition Timber) thanks you as well :)
4	I can't keep track of the vets that have examined our dog and cat but they seem to be very caring and informative. They took us with out an appointment one day when my silky got stung on the tongue by a bee and was throwing up and shaking. The vet and techs were very attentive and took care of my doggy. They have boarding, doggy day care and grooming services too. My only complaint is that they are a bit on the pricey side but they may well be worth the price since they are obviously good at what they do.
5	I saw the bad review posted here and was quite concerned as it may have reflected the rare bad day we are all subject to once in a while. We have taken our little poodle  to Dr.  McComb for about 9 years.  Dr. McComb just operated on our dog's orthopedic issues in his neck. Everything went very very well, our little guy was treated in the best possible way . (The doctor even let me go in the recovery room to comfort my dog.) It was serous surgery but our dog is doing GREAT now.We do have to see Dr. Mc Comb  fairly often as our dog  has several issues that require frequent visits. Dr. McComb is an excellent diagnostician and a very skilled surgeon . We send many people there with confidence.  Everyone we have sent there has had nothing but very good things to say. If you get the right Vet ..you save money because the malady is identified  and treated sooner and the animal suffers alot less.  Our experience at Crossroads Clinic has been very good and very consistent . Please give another chance to someone who might have had a bad day or maybe is not feeling well on that day. At least do it for your pet.
5	This Veterinarian hospital is amazing the staff, the doctors, the vet techs all some of the most compassionate beautiful souls . We have been coming here for about 2 years and yesterday we had to let go of our 10year old mastiff Gus. Long Story short on how we came about Crossroads.We had an estimate done on our house and the guy didn't lock the back gate. Gus(our mastiff) gets out the next morning and after hours of searching. We find out through flagging down a ACC truck that he was too big to fit and is at a vet office on McQueen (before they moved).One  Of there amazing staff picked him up running down cooper. From that moment on we have been going to Crossroads.Yesterday, We did an at home visit and Dr. Garner and her tech they helped us through the VERY difficult process. He left this world with dignity and so much love. They even did a clay paw print with his name. I cannot thank the staff enough for everything they have done for us past and present.
5	This place is amazing. We took in a rescue and alas, he was sick and our other pets got sick. Dr. O was WONDERFUL with Sammy (and us!) and then when we brought our other older, overweight pets in, she came up with a great plan for us that was very doable. There was no "selling" and we felt like our babies were very cared for. We have found our vet for the duration of our pets lives! Great job guys!
1	The lady that answered the phone was completely inept and couldn't answer a single question.She was clearly an east coast lady and pissed to be working on Saturday. Thats about all i can say about that.When someone calls asking whether or not you offer sedation, you should have an answer.
5	Crossroads has been amazing! The best vet in Gilbert by far! I have been taking my dog, Dixie, here for a little under 6 months now and they have been nothing but wonderful! I first took Dixie in due to some stomach issues and saw Dr. McComb he was very sweet to her and did a thorough examination. Gave her something to settle her stomach and she was better within a few hours!!! I recently had to take Dixie back on somewhat of an emergency situation. I made the HUGE mistake of taking my dog into a clinic to get her spayed, seeing that I am a bartender and all the snow birds have left I was low on cash. (DO NOT TAKE YOUR BELOVED FAMILY MEMBER TO A CLINIC) I had to learn the hard way that taking her to a clinic was the wrong choice!! They didn't properly do their job and it resulted in my dogs incision became very infected! I took Dixie back to Crossroads because I loved them before and trusted them to examine her infection. The tech took a look and did an amazing job at comforting me while I was so nervous for my baby! I then saw Dr. Garner and she was wonderful as well! They gave Dixie an antibiotic shot and sent me home with some anti inflammatory/pain medication and sent me on my way. Within ONE day Dixie's wound had cleared up remarkably! A week later they called me to follow up and see how Dixie was doing. (Amazing customer service!!)Dixie's internal stitches were absorbing but one part of it was trying to protrude through her skin and causing her some discomfort. The tech I spoke to spoke to Dr. Garner and asked me to swing by to have Dr. Garner take a look. Dr. Garner did have to make a small incision and remove part of the stitch that wasn't absorbing (the part that was irritating my dog and protruding from under the skin) and drained the fluid build up. Long story... Sorry!! Lastly, Crossroads has been a lifesaver for me and my Dixie! I will never take her anywhere else from now on! I highly recommend them and Dr. Garner! Dixie is now one happy and healthy pup! I owe it to Crossroads! I hope my review (although long) helps everyone out there! :)
3	We've taken our pup here to get shots and heart worm meds. Cost us around $170 (meds included), but I suppose that's alright... I was hoping to get him into their doggy day care program, but the hours are not convenient to anyone who works before 7am.  Will go back.
2	I've tried to figure out how to write this without it turning into an epic diatribe.  Let's see if I can keep it concise.If money is no object and/or you don't mind going into debt for your animal's care (some of which may be unnecessary) then you will love this place.  I have no doubt any of the 4 doctors are competent, and they also do doggie day care, boarding, and grooming here.  Really quite an operation, BUT I went in thinking I was only going to have to spend around 250 dollars, and got a "treatment plan" in which they wanted almost $1000 that day.  Oh yes....over 900 dollars.  I don't know when things changed at the vet.  Dentists are the same way now.  Maybe it's because there's one on every corner. I went in for a senior cat exam, and two kittens who needed a shot and treated for ear mites.  Dr. O didn't even listen to me when she asked me if the old cat had had the feline leukemia vaccine.  I said yes, I can get those records from home, that test and subsequent vaccine was added on to the "treatment plan" anyway.  $484 just for the old cat alone.  Unbelievable.If you're not comfortable saying "No", then you will get bent over here.  Seriously.  I am well prepared and can afford to take care of my pets, but getting ignored and then these "treatment plans" which they make you sign......I had to cross about 8 things off their lists.  50 bucks per stool sample for example.  Hey, how about this instead.  I scoop their poop every day.  I'll bring one in if anything changes, ok?  I am way too familiar with how it's supposed to look.  And the baby talk to my animals.....Oh.  My.  God.  It was ridiculous and made me nauseated.  I know I must be in the minority because I treat my pets like animals, not like kids, but good Lord the baby talking by Dr. O to the cats made me embarrassed for her.  Do people actually like that?  I don't know.After all was said and done I felt like I had been through the wringer when purchasing a car, not just a trip to the vet.  I managed to get what was necessary and still spent $313.  A little high, but not totally out of line for 3 cats.  I agree with others when they mention the rude front desk women.  I wish I would have gotten the gal's name who took my payment because she was awful.  Cold and bordering on mean, and when I asked for a copy of the "treatment plan" (which I was told by the vet tech I would get) she shortly said, "That's what you get today" and handed me the list of what I was actually charged for, not all the other unnecessary items.  Hmm.  Ok Sweet Pea.  I'm fine with that, because I won't be back. There was also a very nice older gentleman up front with his aged chocolate lab, and he was talking about treatment for his dog, and right in front of me, she loudly said, "Well you know you still have a balance on the account."  Hmmm.  I bet he does.  I felt so sorry for the guy I almost paid his bill for him, but it could be in the thousands of dollars for all I know.   One star because the joint is really clean and they offer a lot of services, and one star because they let me look at one of the ear mites under a microscope.  That was cool.
5	Our 9 year old golden Gracie has had a rough year. She has had 2 hematoma, one on each ear. The vet team at Crossroads has been nothing short of amazing. Dr O is the most caring veterinarian that I have ever met. I highly recommend them!!
5	We've been taking our animals to Crossroads for about four years now since our old vets office closed. All of our animals see Dr. Garner who is very caring and involved with the animals. She will even field your questions over the phone if you have any. We've also taken in two cats recently and they needed to be fixed and the office did a great job with the surgeries and the after care. They even make sure to call you and check up on your animal once you bring them home from surgery. Also, last year one of my weenie dogs developed back issues and Dr. Garner was very helpful when it came down to dealing with his back pain and making sure his back healed properly so that there would be no surgery required.
1	The lady that answers the phone is rude. And btw, they no longer accept spay/neuter pet vouchers.
