3	This is a great place to come and take a look at Rolex watches and the people who work here of course know a ton of info on each watch. I wouldn't buy a watch here because you'll only get the retail price so after you try on the watch you're interested in and want, go to a grey market place and get your Rolex and you may save a few hundred bucks.
5	The service is outstanding here!  We were dressed like bums.  Actually, tourists wearing flip flops and sandals and were still greeted by Mike with a great welcoming attitude.  I was surprised b/c most of the time when we go into luxury/high end stores, we don't even get a hello unless we dress the part but we were on vacation.  So we were definitely not dressed to impress.   My husband knew what he wanted and asked about the New Submariner Date.  They had it in stock.  Mike showed it to us and told us all the great and new features it had compared to the old models.  We had to think about it and Mike was so patient with us.  He gave us his card. We even called our local store to compare prices and their price was about $1,500 over this stores price for the same watch.  About a few hours later, we decided to make the purchase since we would be saving some money and went back to Mike.  Mike gave us a brand new one, never been touch or opened by anyone else.  He knew his stuff and have been with the company for 10 years.  This is the only Rolex store I would trust and he's the only person I would purchase from.  We'll be getting our next one with Mike.   If you go there, ask for Mike!!!
5	I rarely write reviews, but when you have an exceptional experience, especially with a retailer in the luxury goods market, it should be shared!Regarding the store, it is located in arguably the nicest hotel in all of Las Vegas, The Wynn.  Regarding the inventory, I doubt there is a Rolex store with a larger selection.Really this review is about the purchasing experience I had specifically with the store representative Marci.  From start to finish she was exceptional!  It should be noted that I work in the "ultra luxury" men's fashion market so I know the difference between someone that is just going through the motions and someone that is genuinely giving of their time and effort.Upon entering the store I was greeted by Marci.  We briefly chatted at which time I made a passing comment there was a particular watch I was "hunting" for.  One that is very difficult to find and as a rule requires a long wait on a list.  She noted that should could not promise when one would be become available, but she would promise to let me know.  Over the next few months I stayed in touch with her via e-mail.  She was always very good about e-mailing back, unusually good.  In addition I stopped by the store unannounced, I missed her as she was at lunch.  The other staff called her at lunch and I spoke to her on the phone.  She was apologetic for not being in the store to see me and practically insisted in coming back to the store to see me even though she was on her personal time.  How often do you feel someone genuinely feels compelled to engage you when you are not spending money in the moment, not remotely enough.Finally, when the watch came in I was unable to take delivery.  I gave my credit card, the watch was locked up in the safe and upon the precise agreed upon date shipped to me as promised!  It is not possible to have a better shopping experience.  I cannot give a higher praise to the retailer and especially Marci!Thank you again for such a wonderful experience.
5	BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! One of the main reasons my family went on a trip to Vegas & stayed at the Wynn was to visit the only Rolex store around so I was happy that everyone's very nice & welcoming, Mike helped my mom & I out and he was very knowledgable and went above and beyond our expectations to make sure we were happy with our purchase! We took some time deciding which watch but Mike was so helpful, especially after the purchase since we went home & contacted him with other questions yet he was still so helpful!! Definitely looking for Mike when I come back, THANK YOU!
