1	I consigned furniture here and stopped in a few weeks later to check on it. I was shocked to find that the owner opened a coffee shop on the property and customers were eating and drinking coffee while sitting on my furniture !!!! The owners are totally unethical !!
5	Red Truck  Grotto Cafe is so awesome!    Great espresso crafted from coffee roasted locally from Press Coffee.   My favorite salad is the "Southwestern" and the "Multiplicity" wine for $5.50 is a good value for nice merlot /sarah blend. Wonderful employees and nice ambiance with unique furnishings.  John C.
4	Was doing some shopping up in Cave Creek and came across this place... I heard music playing so I decided to check it out. They have a nice mix of furniture and artwork since it's a consignment place. On the weekends they have live music; it was in the courtyard on Sunday since it was so nice out. A nice weekend event - some shopping and some music with a little food and drink. The musician this weekend was Dave Sheehy.
5	The Grotto at The Red Truck Trading Company,is a quaint place off the beaten path. It is worth the effort to locate, you won't bee disappointed. It is an eclectic cafe/coffee bar that has raised the bar good food. I have not tried everything on the menu, but what I have tried has been tastefully prepared and artfully presented.
5	Grotto still tops the list of must try places when in this area.
5	Grotto still tops the list of must try places when in this area. They are trying new menus items. This week is Gazpacho Week at The Grotto. Stop by and try.
4	Good coffee and gnosh in beautiful Cave Creek, Arizona. Breakfast sandwiches, healthy and tasty combo bowls, paninis and the like. The food and the beverages are very solid, but what wins me over is the easy-going cool style going on here. Very chill, but in an upscale and affordable way. This is the reason the bikers and adventurers come to chill out in AZ and Carefree, in particular. The ride to get there through the majestic saguaro cacti feels like you're going through nature's temple. I like this place and I like the amazing art stores, gem stores, bars and everything else close by within walking distance. Everyone feels like they're on vacation. And they might be. It's a magical little town that's home to healers, artists, businessmen and bohemians who enjoy the finer things and nature's beauty. And they all probably come through the Red Truck at one time or another. It all makes me want to put the top down and take a cruise after a great meal... and is that Gordon Lightfoot I hear in the background? "Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away on you..."
