5	I know exactly zilch about African cuisine.I don't mean North African, like Moroccan and Tunisian  of which we have plenty in Montreal.I mean equatorial Africa. Cuisines of countries like Congo, Nigeria, Burkina Faso, Senegal or Ivory Coast. I admit my ignorance completely on the foods of that part of the world.But now, I don't have an excuse anymore. Gracia Afrika sits on a stretch of Notre-Dame street which is rapidly undergoing gentrification. Within walking distance of both Lionel-Groulx and St.Henri metro stations, it's a great place to stop off for dinner right after work. With simmered stew and curry-like dishes, if you like Indian food, it's not a hard stretch to appreciate Gracia Afrika either.With dishes like Mwambe, a simmered chicken in peanut sauce dish or dishes  like spicy catfish cooked in banana leaves, the food is spicy, but not hot, extremely flavorful and satisfying in a home-cooked meal kind of way. It's also BYOB. Ingredients like coconut milk, plantains, rice, beans, goat and lamb all are featured prominently.We came in last night and were instantly welcomed warmly by owner and cook Bibi Ntumna. Articles which have featured the restaurant are all on display on the wall. Bibi has also cooked for the likes of former Governor General Michaelle Jean, introducing African food to the folks in government.So if you want to get to know what African food is like, make a stop here. I'll be going back.
5	It was my wife b-day and she wanted to try something different.  I found this place on Yelp and both ratings had 5 Stars. Since we had a party at the house for 7:30 we needed an early dinner. Bibi was not sure if she would have food ready for so early but she told me she would call me by 5, and she did. She normally does not open so early but she did for us. When we arrived  doors were still locked but she let us in the the place was all ours. I fell in love the minute I walked in. It just had that I am gonna like it feel.I had the chicken in Peanut Butter sauce, while 2 of my kids had soso Chicken and the other had the fish. My wife had the Goat. Everything was great as I tried a little of everything. fish was great wit a hint of spice. Just enough to notice.service was just excellent and I promised we'll be back.
3	Home cooking.... So. Tasty!
5	Great food, very comforting, loved the heat that was added to the dishes upon request, cosy spot. Will be going back soon !
5	On an adventure metro trip with the wee daughter, we happened upon this restaurant. What a great surprise! Fantastic food (we had the chicken & goat platters), nice ambiance and the owner/chef was super friendly. Absolutely recommend!
5	This place is a gem.  Mother Africa is behind the curtain preparing your meal with individual care. The menu is on an eraser board and only had three choices. We ordered all three.  The setting is intimate with soft African music playing in the background.  Very relaxing - don't go here if you're in a hurry.  The food was exotic and delicious.  Loved it.
