4	Very clean and friendly nail salon. After trying many in the city it is refreshing to visit a salon that actually takes time to do your nails.  The lady that did my nails looked VERY young (more like 14 or 15 years old, but she did have her nail technician license so must be legit?)  I walked in without an appointment and was seen right away.  They sanitize everything very well and it was very relaxing.  For two french pedicures and one manicure the total was $70.  Not a bad price.  Would definitely go back again!
5	This is a great place! It's nice and roomy inside, the different stations aren't packed super tight. I came with my mom & sister and we were seen immediately.It was a little later in the day when we went so it wasn't busy, but with all the space inside I imagine it would have been a comfortable salon visit even if it was.Heather did my nails. She was very sweet, worked fast & clean, and kept the conversation light-just the way I like. She did my nails exactly how I wanted and also advised me what would work best for future visits/fills. Not only that she was more than happy to answer my thousands of questions about different nail polishes, designs, and finishes. She was great!
5	Nate This was my first time getting full service both hands and feet it was wonderful the staff is very good nice and professional I recommend everyone to come and try them.
5	They were super friendly. We paid $45 for an upgraded pedicure and manicure. $55 for upgraded pedicure and a fill. They took their time and were really sweet.
5	Very nice, clean place. The ladies are very polite and gentle. I have slightly ingrown toe nails and I didn't feel a thing, usually it is painful trimming them. Highly recommended!
5	Best of the best on Westside Las Vegas! ! Pedicures here are a must try!  Relaxing,  very nice service!
5	This  place is under new ownership and has grossly improved from what it was years ago.They have a 20% discount advertised outside of the store and since it's super close to my house and I love a good bargain, I decided to go in and get my gel manicure on.Being a Tuesday, it wasn't super busy and they staff was very friendly. They started on my manicure immediately. The lady that did my nails took her time and paid attention to small details. Sometimes at other places, they rush and the color is uneven or outside the lines but that wasn't the case here. I opted for a dark gray with a sheer glitter top coat and they looked fabulous. For a $24 manicure, it really exceeded my expectations. I really can't remember the last time I got a gel manicure and didn't have to pick the excess gel off of my cuticles.I will definitely be back and I hope they're here to stay.
