4	I was"t able to come in to buy the dress I want during the sale so Evanna said I could call in to put a deposit down so I could get the dress at the sale price still. She was very patient and accomodating. I could not ask for better customer service!
4	Happen to find this place when my friend had recommended me to her stylist that was right next door at Joleon Salon. I am actually the MOH for my cousin's wedding and recommended the same stylist and also made an appointment to check out the dresses here.They had a great selection from a variety of brands.   The girls here were nice. And we were actually able to find THE dress. And happens to be on a weekend when there was a sale! So my bride put down a credit card to hold the dress and went back for measurements and order, hope the rest goes well. So far, good to go!
5	What a pleasure to be able to get your daughter's wedding dress at a place like this!!! They have a HUGE selection of dresses and they are very reasonably priced. Their alteration gal (Lucette?)was lovely to work with and she did an excellent job. During the first dance, I kept thinking (amongst so many other things) how perfectly her dress skimmed the floor.  The sales girls were patient and helpful.  Most importantly, they made the bride feel so special!!!  It was a wonderful experience!!
5	In preparation for my wedding, I visited almost all of the tuxedo shops in town and I can safely say that Bowties is the best. Jason, the manager, is the most friendly person you'll ever meet and is sincerely committed to making it a great experience for all. He went out of his way to help me make sure everything would match perfectly, that my not-so-easy-to-work-with disabled dad would fit well in his tux, and that we felt very welcome in his store. Bowties' prices are competitive, the service is unbeatable, and the policies are beyond fair. All of my groomsmen tell me that they will use Bowties for their weddings. You can't go wrong when you work with Jason! Save yourself the hassle of driving around town!
4	My parents owned and operated a small bookstore for over 40 years, so I really enjoy supporting local businesses whenever possible.  The family that owns this shop is friendly, helpful, and they remember you each time you come in!The prices for tux rentals beat out other big stores in town!  Thanks you guys for a great experience as we prepare for our wedding!!
1	Terrible customer service! I went in to try on shoes for a wedding that I'm a bridesmaid in and ask about alterations, and was told by the associate that she wouldn't pull any sizes from the back so I had to make do with what sizes they had in the samples. So I was only able to try on the left shoe, and not even in the style that I wanted. I guess if you aren't going to spend a lot of money in there then they really don't care! I'm going somewhere else to get my shoes and alterations done(I wasn't even given the time of day to ask about that).
5	i want to thank Evana for helping me find my Cinderella wedding dress omg girl your are the best i love my dress and RAINBOW GARDEN for make me feel like a real Cinderella all u girls are the best please if u getting marry go see Evana she will make sure u find ur dream dress thank LORI at rainbow garden for all the attention to my girls beso y Que dios la vendiga RECUERDEN (RAINBOW GARDEN LAS VEGAS) AND (BOWTIES TUXEDO & BRIDAL ) SON LOS MEJORE DE LAS VEGAS
5	We did not interact with the bridal boutique but the level of service we received from Bowties Tuxedo was beyond superb. We had already been around town to a few other tuxedo rental shops and were quite unhappy with the level of service we received from local competitors. My main complaint was that my husbands tuxedo pants were baggy everywhere we went and just didn't look right; no one so far was willing to do anything about this since it was just a rental, however, the friendly tailor at Bowties, without hesitation, took the pants in back to tailor them on the spot!! All of the guys looked stunning and my husband looked so handsome! We will absolutely be back for any future events and will always highly recommend Bowties Tuxedo.
5	Great shop! The people were friendly, and the prices are great! Best place in Vegas
5	Bowties Bridal and Tuxedos have been amazing to work with.   They have been very helpful and attentive to my needs. I'm a very indecisive bride and they worked with me to find my perfect dress.   My dress was everything I wanted and more.  They custom made my dress to fit my style.  The day I walked down the aisle I have never felt as beautiful as I did that day. I'm so glad I purchased my Maggie Sottero from Bowties. The Bridesmaid dresses were affordable and stunning.   My Groom and groomsmen looked amazing.  I was unsure of what I wanted them to wear but Jason made it easy and helped me make my decision.  I would definitely recommend this company to another couple.
5	Recently was married in Las Vegas and Bowties was awesome! Jason, the store manager, was extremely helpful. He made sure that everyone looked amazing, he stayed after the store was closed the day of my wedding so that we could get ready in the store stress free (groomsmen, as well as myself were from out of town). If you are going to need a tux in Vegas, you have to stop in to Bowties! Awesome place
5	Bowties bridal is great! Everyone is very helpful and made it very easy to find my beautiful wedding gown. Alterations is just as great, my dress fit perfectly!
4	All the Ladies at Bowties were very helpful in my search for a wedding gown.  From shopping for a gown, ordering, and alterations to helping me pack my wedding gown for a long flight, they were all very kind and helpful!  I would recommend this shop to all brides!  Great experience overall!
4	Bowties Bridal was my second stop during my 3 day wedding dress shopping extravaganza.  I did not find my dress here but everyone who assisted me was extremely helpful and they had a great sale going on.  Also they have a dress maker on premises which is great if you want major alterations.They have a good size selection of dresses but nothing really high end,  I was leaning more towards a couture dress and while everything I was seeing was pretty nothing was that special.  If your wedding dress budget is in the $1500 range you will find some really great dresses here but if your tastes lean more towards the $2500 plus range they really don't have that much to look at.  I would give them 5 stars for their customer service but only about 3, personally, for their dress selection.
5	Bowties Bridal was a wonderful experience from selecting a dress, alterations, wedding day and final cleaning/preservations of dress! Evana was great to work with and she makes you feel like a beautiful bride everytime you speak with her. They are professional and follow ups are to the tee! They help tailor to your needs and wants and spends the time to get it right! I highly recommend Bowties Tuxedo and Bridal Boutique!
5	So, being a typical guy, I forgot to take care of renting what I needed for an event I had to attend on Sunday. So on the morning of, I enlisted the help of my good friend the Yelp app and searched for a tuxedo rental place and this one was one of the few that was actually open. I called them to make sure they were opened and I could come down to try some shirts and have my Tuxedo steamed and they were very nice over the phone. Once I got there, the lady behind the counter (forgot her name, sorry) took the time to show me the different shirts and ties that would match my needs and let me take all the time I needed to make the decision. Not only was she great help in making my outfit look like a million bucks with her recommendations, she was nice enough to steam my tuxedo and get me out the door with my rental items in less than 20 minutes. The best part, everything was less than $30 bucks! (tie, shirt, shoes, steaming tuxedo).
5	I actually live in Southern California, but I bought my wedding dress here. I had called several stores within 50 miles of my home only to find that most did not have any of the dresses I was looking for. So while we were in Vegas for a weekend, we took a look at 3 different bridal salons in the area. One Maggie Sottero dress in particular was high on my list of potentials. Bowties had a sample to try on and a few others I liked, Michelle helped me get in and out of the dresses, and one of them I decided was the one for me. Only an hour prior, we had seen the same dress at Bridal Elegant, but were told that the dress wouldn't ship until late May, and probably wouldn't arrive until too late for our June wedding.Turns out, Bowties was able to find the dress already in stock and only had to order it.  It came in about 2 weeks! I now have my dress already. And even though it's a few hundred miles away, I'll probably bring my dress back to Bowties for any alterations I need closer to the wedding.  And Evanna explained that they have dressmakers doing alterations rather than someone who just takes in sides, etc.I'm all for supporting local businesses, but some of the places I called closer to home (such as The Dresser in Fullerton, CA) are downright rude. Michelle at Bowties was a sweetheart, and I'm really happy with my experience there.
1	The only reason I'm giving them one star is because they have a great assortment of tuxedos in many sizes for a cheap price. Plus everything is there. They don't send out for anything. What they have in bargain prices, they lack, however, in customer service. The first thing that went wrong is the owner's mother, who is an employee there. She was nice enough at first, but proceded to tell my wife to be that she thinks our colors are weird. Ok...forgivable....maybe she's senile or something. But then I hear from all my groomsmen that go in there that she refers to my wedding as "the one with the weird colors". WTF woman?! Even if you think they are weird (which they weren't), keep it to yourself! Are you crazy?! Do you WANT me to write a bad Yelp review??Anyhoo, after all that, some months go by, I calm down a little and it's time to pick up the tuxes. The crazy lady strikes again with my soon to be father and brother in law: She wasn't going to even have them try the tuxes on! She said, "Oh, they'll probably fit..." Huh?? So, they, of course, did try them on and lo and behold, they don't fit! So, she huffs and puffs and resizes them. Very rude.The final straw: I'm elated. I finally meet the owner and he's a very cool guy and takes great care of me when I pick the tux up. Not the same story when I drop it off: I won't go into too much back story here because the review is already longer than I'd like to make it, but basically he ridicules and scolds me for something that wasn't my fault. I had an alternate groomsman that got sized but I told the owner's mother to not get a tux ready for him unless I tell them to. Well, they did get it ready and he told me, "you should have given me a heads up! It costs us money ya know!" Wow...first of all, no it doesn't. You have everything there, remember? Secondly, it sounds like  miscommunication between you and your employees.However, even if there was some inkling of blame that rests upon me, THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT! Retail: 101. For this reason, I will not be back, nor do I recommend this place to ANYONE.
3	They were the only store in town that carried the tea length dress I saw online and desperately needed to try on. Needless to say, I fell in love with the dress and said, "yes!"Inventory:-Prices range from $700-1800 -Styles are mostly "glamorous" and "sexy"(Less high fashion or modern but they had a few styles)-They had the most tea length gowns of the stores I'd seen in town-designers include Justin Alexander and MoriLee, Sottero-bridesmaid dress selection - wide range of colors, however your typical shiny organza material-handful of veils in different lengths from cathedral to birdcage prices from $55-200 -dye-able shoes - did not inquire on pricesService:Hours are not great if you work 9-5, they close at 6 on weekdays.  Call ahead for appointment to try on dresses. Someone will help you get in and out of the gowns, style you, etc.  The owner is very sweet, and tries to be the liaison between the bride and her (opinionated) posse. She compliments you and makes you feel beautiful, but be warned, I tried on several dresses that were hideous on me, and she just pointed out the positives. Stick to your gut feeling about the dresses you try on.Half deposit due at purchase the rest at pick upDelivery:Dress arrived six months after ordering. The store called, picked up in large garment bag and brought back later for fittings.Alterations:Holy expensive and misquoted originally! This is where I'm taking off one star because the service on the alterations were disappointing. When purchasing my dress, the owner suggested I get a sweetheart neckline on my dress, said it would be $125 for all alterations total including bust and length if needed. False. Sweetheart neckline $185Cups $55Take in bust $160Can't even imagine how much taking up the length or adding a bustle would costThe seamstress pins you etc and THEN quotes you. So you're kind of stuck. You come back for two more fittings and then you're set. Something happened during my second fitting, I don't think they had me in their books... There were NO alterations done on my dress. The front staff was very confused when I arrived and then after waiting 20 mins, the seamstress seemed to have made up some lie about someone taking a couple of pins out. Super unprofessional. While the actual alterations were executed well, I'm super disappointed by the service. I would suggest taking your dress somewhere else (there are other tailors in town experienced in wedding gowns).Overall, I loved my dress and got a ton of compliments. I just didn't love feeling taken advantage of price wise based on the "this is the only time you're getting married" theme.
4	One of the best bridal stores in town. The consultant was amazing and only pulled dresses that were flattering, gorgeous, and in my budget. The quality of the lace gowns was exactly what I wanted.
5	Hi my name is LyndaAnd I recently got marry and bought my wedding dress from Bowties. The owner is someone that really gets involved with her customers. She was very patience with me and answer all my questions. Her staff is just as involved as she is great customer service.
5	I just had my wedding 7-13-13 and we have 5 boys so we needed a total of 6 Tuxedos.  I have to say that the customer service there was great from the moment we walked in the door (first visit was with Groom and one of our sons)!  I explained that 2 of our sons live out of state so we would have them come in on their next trip to Vegas... No problem!  The second visit we received the same great customer service, they remembered us and pulled our ticket and took the boys in to size them and try on tuxedos.  We had to make 4 trips there altogether and I am so pleased with their customer service, not to mention the prices are so affordable!  I highly recommend this business!
5	I just had my wedding 7-13-13 and we have 5 boys so we needed a total of 6 Tuxedos.  I have to say that the customer service there was great from the moment we walked in the door (first visit was with Groom and one of our sons)!  I explained that 2 of our sons live out of state so we would have them come in on their next trip to Vegas... No problem!  The second visit we received the same great customer service, they remembered us and pulled our ticket and took the boys in to size them and try on tuxedos.  We had to make 4 trips there altogether and I am so pleased with their customer service, not to mention the prices are so affordable!  I highly recommend this business!
5	I am not one of those brides that dreams about their dress, in fact I did almost no research before walking into Bowties bridal and I was very nervous. I thought that I had an idea of what I did and did not want but I was way off. I was really trying to stay away from a strapless dress, I just had a vision in my mind of pulling it up all night long. I told Lauren my consultant what I was looking for, what I liked and disliked and then she got to work. She went all over the salon pulling any dress that I had a desire to try on and a few others just for good measure. She was even willing to pull dresses off the manikins which I thought was great. When we got into the dressing room she made me feel really comfortable and started off with a few dresses that I thought I would hate, they were strapless ballgowns, just to rule out the shape/style etc. Turns out she knew what would look better on me then I did, the first 2 ballgowns I tried on ended up being my favorite. I ended up comparing every other dress to those first two dresses. I only had 2 people in my entourage, my mom and my sister but the other girls who worked there came out to watch me try on dresses, they all gave their opinions and really helped me to pick out the best dress for me. I am one of those people who keep second guessing myself and had to keep trying on the last 2 dresses but Lauren didn't mind at all she was happy to help. I ended up ordering a 2013 Maggie Sottero, the dress came in right away! I love it and i am so thankful to Lauren and the rest of the girls at Bowties Bridal for really making me feel special and helping me to pick out the perfect dress!
5	Came to help my girlfriend pick out a gown, Amazing selection & Lori was so knowledgeable. prices were reasonable!! She got the gown she loved & we had a blast
4	This is a review from a bridesmaid/bride that got her dress from another shop review.We booked an appointment here on a Sunday, yes brides, it's open on a Sunday.  We decided to come here because the bride had her mom and sister in law in town for the weekend and the bride was determined to find a dress.  I should start off by saying that yesterday we went to David's Bridal and Celebrations yesterday.  We had spent about 2 hours in each shop.  Overall for the brides first time, it wasn't the greatest experience at any of the previous places.  She actually said that her arm hurt from assisting to hang the dresses up in the dressing room today as a result of yesterday's shenanigans.  Anyhow, we had luck on a dress at one of the shops which was a designer I was familiar with, Mori Lee.  I wasn't sold on her falling in love with the dress, but convinced she liked the designer and we figured out what type of dress suites her.  We looked up who carried it in Las Vegas and up comes BowTies.  That's when I called and they said they could take us on Sunday.  They asked what style and designer, and they said they had LOTS of Mori Lee way more than Celebrations.  Sweet!I walked in today and was instantly wowed by their displays.  As a matter of fact, they display everything by style.  To your left is the discontinued/outlet, lots of size 8,10,12 in there.  You can't order those it's off the rack dresses.  To your right is all the current styles.  The easiest shopping experience because they even have the photos attached to them, as in the photos you see online when shopping for styles.  If you like Maggie dresses, they got that too.Trying on dresses is fabulous because they have great lighting, a stage, a pedestal, and couches to do your "oh's and aaaahhh's". The brides stylist, didn't get her name, but she is from Sacramento, has over 20yrs of experience.  She got the bride in and out of dresses really quick.  She only let her have top two's, gave her expertise, I mean she really gave all of us a great experience.  She jazzed up dresses with belts and veils, the whole shebang.Rules are simple, they only allow you an hour for your own insanity.  After all the crap we went through previously, it all makes sense to that rule.  Wish I had gone here for my very own bridal dress shopping, it was how I wanted to of experienced it.  I did walk out with jewelry for my day though  brides, you won't be disappointed of at least the customer service here.
5	Great service and great prices. Hands down better than men's warehouse. You will not be disappointed here, make them your first stop!
5	This place is AMAZING!! After a tough first day of dress shopping my bridesmaid called Bowties because the carried the designer I liked. We got an appointment the next day (Sunday) which is awesome because not everyone is open on Sunday's and my Mom and MOH were leaving that night. Laurie was my consultant and she was awesome with over 20 years of experience she really knew what she was doing. To start off we were early and they took us right away and showed us how the store was designed. In one section was the clearance dress and then the other was the rest of the dresses. The regular priced dresses where organized by how high they were on the waist and then slowly progressed down to trumpet/mermaid on the other side of the room. The best part of this was they also had the pictures of the dresses on the outside of the bag. That way you could get an actual idea of what the dress was like. Laurie had me in the first dress in a matter of seconds we were all shocked! She only allowed me 1 favorite at first and then at one point a top 2 because i had 2 dresses I fell in love with. She also had a rule if the dress didn't fit over my hips properly that style was out as it would not look good on me or be comfortable. Within 45 minutes i was down to 2 dresses and Finally "Said Yes to the Dress" After spending close to 6 hours dress shopping the day before we were so excited how quickly I had found one here. I truly believe I would have never found my dress without Laurie and her colleagues, their seamstress showed me different ways I could bustle the dress and also explained what I would have to change on my dress if I lost weight and how much weight equaled a dress size. I am so thankful for Bowties and can't wait to go in for my fitting next year!
5	My best friend and I walked in on a Sunday afternoon to browse around because I really needed to bite the bullet and get the dress situation handled with less than 6 months before my wedding. Lucky for us, they had no appointments and we were the only ones there. My best friend convinced me to try a couple things on even though I totally didn't want to, and I ordered my dress and veil by the end of the hour and a half that we were there! Laurie was a godsend. She knows the product, and really wanted me to find something because the Allure dresses were all $500 off and she wanted to avoid putting a rush on the dress.I still had to rush the dress to be safe, but I still saved a bunch on my dress, and I can't wait until it comes in. I will definitely update my review when the time comes!Even if they don't have THE designer you are looking for, you should really really REALLY call and make an appointment or stop in to take a look at the amazing dresses they stock. They will give you a great product and great advice because they aren't on commission!
4	Best Experience looking for a dress. The staff was very helpfully and Accommodating to what I was looking for. I  was looking for a short dress to go with my pin up wedding they didn't have any but showed me ones that could shorten for me. I also wanted to add purple, and agin they showed me Options on how to do that as well. My dress came out Perfect!!!!
5	Can't say enough how awesome Bowtie came through for me and my son. Short notice and we were done within 25 minutes, wearing our sexy tux on the way to church for a wedding anniversary. Ms.Elaine was a true professional and remained calm throughout our whole ordeal. You can really tell she knows her stuff!  Can't say enough about the great prices too. She gave us a 10 percent discount to boot.  Thanks for saving our weekend, Ms. Elaine!
2	This is a review of the purchasing experience only.  I could not find the dress I wanted in town, so I tried it on in another state.  But decided to order in Vegas since Bowties carries the brand and can do the ordering.  I also compared prices at the different stores and for the same dress, they were able to order it for less than one of their competitors...who is going out of business.  So the two stars is for the price of the dress.  Very simple, went in placed the order, they measured me and I paid.  The strange part is that when they measure you, they don't really make any suggestions on what size you should get....they tell you okay these are the measurements and this is the size chart for that brand.  They make you select the size, since they want you to assume any blame in case the dress comes in and it's the wrong size.  So I selected the size based on the chart and waited about 6 months for the dress to come in.  The wait time is not their fault since it takes that long for some of the dresses.  Come November, I go to pick up my dress.  I'm ushered to the back to try on the dress.  It was really strange, the lady helping me kind of stood in the room while I changed.....all the other places I've tried on dresses, they step out and you let them know when you are ready to be zipped/buttoned, etc.  So I put the dress on and they walk me to the back room where the seamstress looks at me in the dress and starts quoting off numbers for each part of the dress.  Mind you, I called before I went to buy the dress and asked what alterations run.  I specifically asked, is it possible for alterations to cost more than the dress....they say oh no and laughed.  So as they are running the numbers off for hem, bustle, taking in the sides, adding cups...my calculator aka brain totals up the numbers...yup equal to the cost of the dress.  I look this lady in the eye and say, "So you are telling me the work you will do for this dress is equal to the work it took to make the dress and the materials?!"  She looks a little sheepish and says well yes, it will take a lot of work.  It's true the dress is lace, but I later go and get quotes at two separate places that specialize in wedding alterations....this place quoted me hundreds of dollars more than the other locations.  So then I go back to the changing room, and she says oh we've moved you to a different room....so then I look at her and say but my clothes and purse are in the other room....what do you expect me to do here?!  She then goes oh well maybe you can go back in that room then....seriously, there is no one else here using the other room, why would you move me.  Even when I go to the counter to pay the balance for the dress to take it home with me....the lady looks at the quote and reads the hem price with shock and asks what type of dress I have.....even she was in sticker shock with the hem price.  The alterations lady did say the prices are an estimate until they start the work....but that usually means it will go up not down.  Big NO BUENO to this place for alterations.  Take it elsewhere at least for estimates so you can make an educated decision and perhaps save yourself some money.  They also charge a fee if you want the dress pinned so you can see what it would look like when they give an estimate.  Also I realized later, they gave me a plastic garment bag with a big gash in it....no good at all, thank goodness the gash wasn't made when the dress was in it!  I always try to put some positives in the review....they did at least take the dress and walk it to my car for me =)
5	I cannot say enough good things about this bridal store. Evana (sp?) and the rest of the associates were incredible. I had a somewhat unique situation based on the fact that I have 2 mothers and I wanted both of them to have the experience of finding "the wedding dress" with me. Evana and her girls made sure that both of them felt so special and wonderful that it brought tears to my eyes. My dress was perfect and they were so upfront and honest about alterations and what was needed. I changed up the look of my dress by removing the belt and placing a new bedazzled applique on the left hip that made it even more stunning than it already was. They walked me through this entire process and made sure I was 100% satisfied. They also made time for my many phone calls and search of hair accessories, shoes, etc. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a dress, and I promise you TRUST what they tell you! They all totally know what they are doing!!! Thank you so much for such an incredible experience with something so important. I love you all!!
5	Needed a Tux for prom because I'm a last minute guy and this place was perfect! Great, quick service. The guys here take the initiative to get anything you need or anything you want to change. In the words of Arnold Schwarzenegger "I'll be back"
5	This review is regarding the TUX RENTAL, not the bridal shop. (There's nothing wrong with the bridal shop!!)Jason is a sweetheart!  He was so helpful and genuine, I couldn't ask for a better tuxedo renting experience. I feel so bad, you bought a few bowties for my groomsman party.  Unfortunately, drama happened and a few of our groomsman didn't pick up.  Jason was more concerned about how we felt than the fact that they didn't come and pick up.  Jason is such a sweet heart.  He's so chill and easy going as well.  Definitely will come back again!
4	From my wife: "I just got married last year. I bought my dress in December 2012 and Bowties Bridal was great from the beginning, especially the seamstress Lucette. She and I both speak French and we had an instant connection. She was so sweet and hard-working throughout the whole process. I had 3 alterations appointments, and every time she made sure I was fully happy with the results. Lucette is simply the sweetest lady ever. I knocked out a star because I bought almost everything at Bowties Bridal (almost $2500 worth of items which included the dress, hair accessories, veil, corset) and I would have liked to have gotten some sort of discount. Something like throwing in the veil for free. Besides this little detail, I highly recommend Bowties Bridal!"
4	I needed some tux measurements done for a wedding in CA. The company is not affiliated with Bowties but they said they were happy to help over the phone.I popped into Bowties and he took care of me with a quickness! Very friendly, fast and I would definitely go back if I were in need of these types of services in the future.
5	I thought I knew what "the" dress was for me, and my girlfriend and I set out to go find it.  After stopping at several dress stores that did not have the dress (but tried on a 100 other ones anyway) I finally got in touch with Bowties and they said they had a sample in stock to try on!It was across town for me, but was well worth the trip.  I arrived and Ivanna (the owner) greeted me and took me to the fitting room to try on the gown I requested.  It wasn't what I thought it would be...just looked blah.  I was so bummed.Ivanna asked if I was open to trying on a different style gown b/c she had the perfect dress in her store for me, and I said that I was so she left to go and find it.  She brought in 3 additional gowns but told me I specifically had to try the one on she had in mind first.WOW WOW WOW!  It was perfect!  Just fit me beautifully, complimented my body, and of course, got the tears going.  I felt that feeling that everyone says when they say, "you'll know when it's the right one".  How did Ivanna do it?I didn't want to just impulse buy, so I tried on some other gowns and then the winner one more time and still felt amazing in the dress.  I wanted to sleep on it, so I left pretty certain I would be back to buy the gown.Sure enough, I thought about the dress non stop for 3 days before returning to buy it.  Another lady was working in the store when I went back, and as I was buying it we realized the price on the website was different than the tag on the dress, so the lady gave me the lesser of the two prices.I got my dress for a steal...seriously.  Turns out the lower of the two prices was the wholesale price!  But since it was the store's error and not mine they graciously sold me the dress at wholesale price anyway.Because of that, they won me over.  Not only did Ivanna just know what would look awesome on me, she runs a top notch service store.  I ended up giving her all my bridal party business.  We rented all our tuxes from there (and my husband got his rental for free) and we also purchased Bill Levkoff dresses for my bridesmaids there as well.Even though I got very lucky on the dress price, the dresses there are so reasonably priced it is not breaking the bank anyway.  I see "Say Yes To The Dress" and the budgets people spend on their dresses make me cringe when I think about how good the prices are at Bowties for such dreamy dresses. When my dress came in, I felt it was just a little loose, but instead of charging me $100s of dollars for alterations, the alteration lady practically begged me to just wear the dress as is.  She said she could pull it in, but it would be such intense work for such a small alteration that it really wasn't necessary and she wanted me to save my money b/c I wouldn't notice much of a difference.  So she told me to just go enjoy myself and indulge to gain a few pounds...LOL...gain a few pounds!  And I have to admit, it was kind of nice knowing I could enjoy all the festivities of the wedding week (all friends and family flew in a week early to enjoy more time with us in Vegas) and not be worried that I had to watch what I ate to squeeze into my dress.My best friend got married one week after me, and she also got the perfect gown at Bowties, as well as the bridesmaid dresses and tux rentals.  She had alterations on her gown and they did an amazing job on them...she was such a beautiful bride in her extravagant gown. Everyone looked stunning on my wedding day...I couldn't have asked for a more magical day.Thank you Bowties for giving me such an awesome experience!  I got married back in 2010, and I still get compliments on how gorgeous I looked in my dress.  I look forward to the day my husband and I renew our vows so I can come back for a visit and get another dress from you guys!
5	This place has a Awesome selection of dresses. Lauren was amazing helping me pick out the dress. I highly recommend going here.
5	Their bridal section is to die for. Their store is super organized and was so easy to pick out a dress to try on. Lori was my consultant and she is an angel. She is very honest and wont push you into a gown you're not comfortable in. They don't make commission so you don't feel bad for purchasing a sale dress. I found my dream gown and she helped me find the veil as well. I got an incredible deal on a designer gown that I couldn't be happier in. If you're looking for great customer service along with the most perfect dress then go see Lori at Bowties Bridal.
5	Great customer service and very patient. I definitely recommend this place. Thanks Bowties Tuxedos
4	Sent my measurements in a couple of weeks ago, came in today with my party to try everything on and everything fit great. We did have a couple of adjustments for a couple of other guys in our party but they took care of them on the spot. Great customer service!!
1	The woman that approached my daughter and I was rude and condescending.  Even making a comment that the designer dress we seek is not carried by them because they are high end, and most likely to be found over in the "hispanic area of town".  Just moving here from Miami, Florida where there is a melting pot of people, I was mortified by her snobby comment.  Ironically, the majority of the dresses that we were told could only be found at her shop (for homecoming/prom teens) can be found at Dillards for half the price.
5	I purchased my dress at Bowties Bridal and had a good experience. All of the consultants were very nice and helpful, and put you at ease. I purchased a Jason Alexander dress, a designer which I love and only available in Las Vegas at Bowties.When my dress came in, it was not what I expected from the sample. This was not Bowties fault, the sizing difference between the sample and the actual dress just produced a very different look. The staff at Bowties were quick to jump on this and give me alternate suggestions including options to pick a new dress in time for my wedding or more extensive alterations. They put me back in the original sample to see what I loved when I picked it verse what I was seeing on the real dress. The manager could not have been nicer about everything and their seamstress truly worked her magic. On the day I picked up my dress, I loved it as much as when I tried on the sample, and it was the perfect dress for my wedding day.
5	Beautiful selections!Great prices! Wonderful service, wonderful alterations!I got my wedding dress here, it was ready when they promised! It looked beautiful and I think I got a great deal!
1	I went here because they had a contract with our venue. I was extremely disappointed!!!! The staff didn't make you feel special about your big day at all! They acted as if you were there to shop for a prom dress. Also I am not a bigger girl, but hardly any of the sample dresses they had for you to try on fit. How are you supposed to spend over $2,000 on a dress that you are forced to hold up to yourself in the mirror??!? This was my first time looking for dresses and after I left here my entire outlook on finding dresses was ruined. They said you could order a dress to try on for $150 and if it fit then you could use that money towards your dress. Really??! The prices were also extremely unreasonable. Overall this experience was disappointing, I was upset and will not be recommending this place to anyone!! If your a bride looking for a dress I do not recommend. I am not the only one who has had this experience either, four other women in the same week had similar feedback. It's rude to make a bride feel this way.
5	Love love love this place. Got my wedding dress here and they did everything correctly and made my dream wedding come true. The seamstress was the best and the staff is wonderful. I'll recommend everyone here, I went to almost every boutique in Vegas and I drove the 30 min just for this place.
1	Went into this store with my daughter who had found a dress she wanted to try on we had an appointment but we were there early our appointment was at 3 we thought it was at 2. The owner said they would "fit" us in since they had no one coming in until 4. She told one of the other ladies to show us some dresses. Our appointment was for 1 hour the fitting lady had us in and out in less then 30 minutes there was 1 dress my daughter did like but she did not try to sell it to her did not sell up anything. Kinda felt rushed out of there. Felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Women we didn't belong there. I know 3 girls that got engaged this year I will not recommend this shop! Our money went elsewhere where someone took the time and made my daughter feel special and found "her" dress for the most important day of her life!
5	Bowtie Bridal has the best customer service! I did not purchase my gown from them because they didn't carry the designer I wanted, however, they allowed me to store my dress in their shop and get all my fittings and alterations, and preservation done there. I even had some bling added to the dress!! They were very accommodating. I got my dress in New York and had no where to get fittings done until I contacted BowTie Bridal. I highly recommend them for future brides. They are very nice women who work there and really care about making you look beautiful on your special day. :)
