4	This year at the Taste & Sounds of Soul-Mario's Westside Market was serving up GREEN FRIED TOMATOES!! Being from Iowa -Green Fried Tomatoes are a staple of Midwestern cuisine but here in Las Vegas there's a small handful of places that serve them and most don't even do it right!!! Mario's does it just like mom used to!! Sliced thin breaded in cornmeal and fried quickly!! Yummy!!
4	I never would have that Mario's Westside Market served Louisiana style cooking.  A friend told me about this place so I thought I'd give it a try.  As soon as I walked in the place, the cashiers greeted me but the customers were staring me down like they never seen a Filipino kid before. Oh well.  I went straight to the back of the market where they served the hot food.  Everything looked good and fresh!  I asked if there was any deals.  The guy helping me said "the deal is, you hook the jar up, I hook you up.". So I did just that.  They charge by the pound here just like Smiths or Albertsons would charge you where the hot food is.  I got 2 lbs of catfish, 1 lb of porkchops, a pound of Mac n Cheese, and half a pound of potato wedges to-go. I took it home and the smell blessed my car and my house.  The catfish was cooked to perfection, crunchy on the outs and tender on the in's and the seasonings were just right! Porkchops were OK, it was way too salty. The Mac n cheese was the best, no complains about that.  But the potato wedges were horrible! It tasted like it was cooked in very old oil and it was stale! Ranch or ketchup couldn't save it.  Other than that, I had a good experience with Mario's.  If I want some good catfish and Mac n Cheese, Mario's is the place to be.
5	I grew up traditionally Hispanic and American foods, so some of the items on the menu here were newer to me. This place opened up my eyes. I had the catfish, mac and cheese, and peach cobbler from here. This was one of the most satisfying meals I've ever had in my entire freakin' life. Seriously. The food was so good, and the servings were so generous, and even the hot sauce was perfect. My friend had some ribs or something, and they were equally delicious. It was a really good meal, and I can't wait to go back to grub up on some more super tasty food!
4	I see people aren't sleepin' on Mario's!  OMG, I'm getting home sick just thinking about their catfish.  As mentioned in other posts, it is fried to perfection and seasoned very well.  I only eat fried catfish when I'm in Vegas.  I've tried catfish in Minnesota and it was straight garbage.  I do agree, Mario's potato wedges are not the greatest.  I'm gonna have to try their mac-n-cheese next time I'm in town.For those of you unfamiliar with the westside, it is 'the hood' and a bit sketchy but the food is damn good.  Just head to the back and place your order.Oh, seiously Scott D. "Green fried tomatoes".  I have never in my life ever heard anyone call them that, let alone seen it in print on a menu that way.  They are "FRIED GREEN TOMATOES" bruh. . . just sayin'
5	Best catfish in Las Vegas.  hands down.   So good, it'll make your eyes roll into the back of your head... add hot sauce.  Seriously fabulous.My favorite guide and old school Las Vegan took me here today - and she'd just found it last week - had been dying to get back as soon as possible - with me in tow!   Sides/veggies apparently change daily...today's star:  sweet potatoes -  I actually don't really like them much, but these added a welcomed sweetness.What makes this place really cool is that it's in the back of a grocery store - up against the meat counter.  Be prepared to stand in line - apparently it gets long - so best to come early.   Once you get your food, you go back up to the front of the store to pay for it,  then if you wan to eat it now (trust me, you do!) go back to the tables back at the meat counter, take a seat (if you're lucky - since there are only 3 tables...) and eat.   Do not wrap it all up and drive -- the steam in the styrofoam will make all that makes this fish perfect die.   Just sit down, shut up and eat.  And don't forget the hot sauce.  Anybody who thinks this place isn't safe is a fool -- I've never felt safer.   One other tip:  tip -- and be generous.  If you're like me, you'll want to hug the cook!
5	They have the best catfish in Las Vegas. We go there whenever we can. All the food they provide is fresh aside from being very convenient.
4	My friend told me about this place, she told me " you have to be ready coz the line will be long." lucky for me line wasn't that long. I maybe was keeping the line coz i want to try everything. Of course I got the catfish. WOW! catfish fresh. they cook their catfish every like 5mins. BBQ ribs so juicy off the bone so good. ohh and let me tell you about  their GREENS a must try.  So recommend this place!
5	I've been coming here ever since I moved to Las Vegas back in 2004. Mario's Westside Market has been around for much longer though. It seems as though everyone knows about this place. There's a little restaurant area in the back. That's where it all goes down. If you like soul food, you'll love this place. Being from the South, sometimes I crave some good ole fried catfish, mac n cheese, yams, collard greens and all the other good stuff. You can purchase by weight or order a combo plate. I've done both. It really depends on how hungry I am when I get the craving! A half pound of fried catfish will come with a couple pieces of bread and some hot sauce. What more do you need?! Rest assured, they've got all the fixin's as well. Sometimes I even eat there and devour my food at the little tables they have inside. No shame! I can't tell you the best time to go because I've never been there at a time when there isn't a line. That just comes with the territory, it seems. Remember hearing about "delayed gratification" in your college psychology class? Well, there you go! Enjoy.
5	Whole Foods market in the hood serving soul food to perfection.  Hidden at the back of this grocery store is Mario's southern style cooking to perfection. Reminds me of the time i used to live I. Louisiana.  Places authentic and good as this is so hard to find since most good tasting restaurants here cater more to locations where people are willing to spend more. This place is a hidden treasure. I never get anything else but the catfish in here.  I can always find other places in Vegas that cooks good ribs, chicken, pork....but catfish this good is a rarity.  Save money by getting the "oh my dinner" meal which includes your choice of meat and 2 sides for 8.99! My favorite sides are the sweet yams, Mac n Cheese and peach cobbler.Don't be scared to enter this place because of the location.  People here are friendly.  I'm more scared entering fancy ass restaurants with snobby people staring at you. Hood is Good!Who ever you are Mario, you got my 5 star!
5	A coworker raved about catfish to me and I thought, really? Fried Catfish at a little market...We decided to sneak out during lunch and headed to Mario's.  This is your typical deli type style.There is a line inside to order food.  Service is quickness is decent and the portion prices are fair.  Paying is quick since everyone has to pay up front.  The catfish is excellent.  Deep fried and not so much batter.  I do wish that I had gotten some kind of dipping sauce to make it amazing.  We also picked up some pieces of fried pork chops.  It got a little soggy after I got back to my office, but still bomb.  Pork chop seasoning was minimal and doesn't leave you thirsty.  The pork itself does feel a bit over cooked hence the massive chewing I had to do.  I def come back since I took a look their items and some of them made me curious.  And I'll have to get some of that Kool-Aid.
5	The Best Fried Catfish in las vegas. I wish everyone should come and taste their yummy catfish, it's the bomb. We felt in love with their foods the minute we taste it. We already went back for the third time and it won't be our last. People are very friendly here and service are the best. The cook deserve a big kiss from us, thank you Mario.
5	Best Soulfood I had since i've lived in Vegas and thats saying alot being that Vegas is deprived in the food catogory
1	I'm very confused about the glowing reviews for this place. My experience here was terrible. So I come around 7:30pm on a Thursday night to get some southern soul food like I remember from my childhood. After all I grew up all over the south including Louisiana, Georgia, and South Carolina.So I go to the back where the prepared food is and there are two people in front of me. I figure there should be no problem getting some food and being out of there in time to pick my girlfriend up from yoga at 8pm. The line is moving at a snails pace and 10 minutes in I'm starting to worry. I really want to try this famed fried catfish I've read in these reviews. Around 20 minutes in I finally get to place my order for some catfish and fried okra (it's been forever since I've had some and I love it). I end up waiting a total time of nearly an hour and give up on the okra because somehow that was forgotten from my huge order of... two items. So I figured I'll just grab some macaroni salad that they had pre made and head out since I was supposed to pick my girlfriend up nearly half an hour ago.So we finally sit down to eat the food I brought back hoping that it makes up for the wait. I figure it might have been an off night, but if the food's tasty I'm willing to give it a pass. No such luck! The catfish is terrible. It's most definitely frozen catfish that they have tried to mask the flavor and texture of with the breading to no avail. The macaroni salad tastes like they thought it was supposed to be a dessert, so they piled on the sugar.
2	Being that I'm from the dirty south people point me in the direction of this little hole in the wall with pride as if its some place Id like to enter. I went once and then once more just to get a second feel of the place. This place is so unsafe that I allow the husband to go in the day time only because he likes the catfish. But no he wont go alone at night to get robbed by a common cat burglar. They have some ok catfish no its not slap your mama good. Once inside the floors are very nasty people are selling foodstamps and knock off purses as well as cd's and these people get mad if you pass them by and don't choose to buy what they trying to sell. Like people with missing teeth who yell at you and beg OMG its just sad and unsafe. The employees are loud and unprofessional they talk about everything from sex to fighting in the store. I started to text people just so they would know where I was and so they would know I was not in a safe place. The inside of the store itself I could not belly. So I took my little self and got back in my car and locked the door. I kept texting my husband to see if he was ok. Once back in the car with me he was like who is your friend? I looked at him like really some bum is taping on my window begging for change and u title him as my friend. (Rolls my eyes) So knowing I was safe with my husband in the car. I rolled down my window and gave the man ten bucks. I hated to see him hungry. He said he was hungry but he smelled like he had been to Fat Tuesdays last Monday and I know he was drunk. So my husband has a bright idea to dig into his fish I yelled as he ate are you crazy start this car lets go! I'm not trying to get shot because you want to eat. Our next stop was the beauty shop once inside I told my girls about what just happen they was laughing at me. Telling me if you go MWM leave your coach bag at home put your money in your pocket and don't make eye contact with the men at all. Just hop out the car and run inside and get your food and leave. I was explaining I don't want to eat from a place where its like a action packed scene from a movie. When I go just to get food. As I sat and ate my MWM I knew I would never be one of those ladies who was willing to make a mad dash for MWM. If I ever have the stuff it will be because of my brave husband and his willingness to provide the fish or whatever else they got that I may want. I give it two stars. I was told the floor was dirty because it was raining.
4	Catfish, Mac-N-Cheese with Callard Greens and a side of laughter.   The people at Mario's make you feel like your part of the family.  Only three tables inside, so you might want to get it to go but it's worth it.
4	Probably the best damn catfish I've ever had in this town!!! Been here 11 yrs! Yes its located in a sketchy area, Yes its in the back of an old grocery store and sometimes the lines are long and the service is a little slow. But what do you expect if you want  down home style southern/soul food. Well you wont find it in Summerlin! Where else will you find Okra, Oxtails, Smothered Pork, Black Eyed peas  Mac and cheese and Yams? The greens were also pretty damn good!!!  I'm a fan and only been there twice. The prices are pretty good too! Get off your high horses and try to appreciate the culture and the experience behind the dishes!
5	It's not always a bad thing to get "catfished." When said catfish comes from Mario's Westside Market, you can dupe me any day of the week!I've been meaning to check this place out for a couple of years. I finally got my chance during Nelson's UYE. The last time I tried, there was a huge line going out the door. I'm not sure if it was related to catfish, but I wouldn't be surprised. Luckily, today was crowd free.Cutting to the chase, Mario's serves the best catfish in Vegas. It's about $8 per pound and worth every penny. The fish is perfectly flaky inside the breading, while the breading isn't overly crunchy or distracting from the catfish.I'll definitely be back to try more stuff. Oxtail! Turkey neck? The only thing is that it's not a part of town I find myself in often.
4	ok so I have tried the Catfish and Mac and cheese because someone brought it into work for a birthday party. It was fantastic this is why I have to post a review.  The catfish was tender, breaded nicely and so very tender and if you use the hot sauce they give in the packets WOW!! An explosion of the flavors the used to bread the catfish.; The Mac&Cheese was very creamy and delicious. They are located in a area that I am not comfortable with but, next time a friend who goes I will be willing to pitch in some $$ for it.
4	Good food and good prices...that's all that really matters!Tried the Fried Catfish, Mac N Cheese, and Hushpuppies.  Catfish was lightly battered and flavorful!  Just the right amount of crunch...right around $7-8lb  :)Mac N Cheese was pretty boring.  Yes, it was super cheesy, but that's all I tasted...no spices....nothing out of the ordinary.Hushpuppies were good though, good breading hiding inside.  And super cheap!You might see me here again...during daylight hours!Pics :
2	Sadly this place is only serving up two good things. Catfish and yams.Their greenbeans were bland.Okra tasted old and dried out. Fried Chicken was standard.Greens were good buy missing some seasoning. The cornbread was a big ol square mound of possibly uncooked sweet cornmeal.Not interested in going back.
5	CATFISH!! I haven't actually been here physically, but I do know it's located next to the CVS on the SE corner of Lake Mead and MLK. We usually have take out from Mario's because my co-worker's husband knows Mario and he sure does treat him well (or maybe I should say us)? The Catfish is perfect because it's not too dry which can happen when using corn meal as the breading. Well seasoned so I can't complain there. I sure wish they made some type of special sauce and that would truly make Mario's extraordinary, but we're stuck with the hot sauce and tartar sauce. The mac and cheese is okay, but I have definitely had better. The potato wedges is pretty standard and the greens are good according to my co-workers (I am not a fan of greens regardless of who cooks it). My only gripe is that the sweet mashed potatoes is too sweet, almost to the point someone may have spilled the sugar in the pot it was was cooking in. Next time I have Mario's I will definitely be making me a sandwich as you can see in the pictures.
5	Love the catfish! The seasoning really makes it tasty. I would definitely recommend this place. I can't speak on the sides as I have not tried them, but I have not heard positive comments on them :(. Also, I would not recommend visiting this place at night if you are not familiar with the area.
5	Hidden Gem in Vegas! It's not in a good part of town at all, but definitely some of the BEST Catfish I have EVER eaten! This review is based solely on the catfish...The price is reasonable too!
4	The food was good. Best fried fish that my husband and I had since we've lived here. We are from L.A.so there are many paces to get delicious fried fish. Mario's is really good. A mom and pop joint with long lines but it was worth the wait. We got 2 fish dinners with kool aid. Delicious!
4	The best catfish in town. Love the Mac and cheese and banana pudding too. Don't love the parking lot but during the day have had no problems. The clerks in the hot food section are very nice and friendly.
4	I would've given this establishment a complete 5 star rating but there is only one thing that honestly brought the experience down, the sides. I had initially heard of this place through friends and coworkers and was strongly recommended. All I ever heard about this place is that the catfish was to die for. A friend from work offered some to me on one occasion and though it was a bit cold when I tasted it, the crunchiness and flavor of it was so amazing. I needed to try it fresh, and soon!I decided to go a couple of weeks later, and though it may not be in the best location it is completely worth going to! The line was a bit long when I arrived but moved fairly quickly. I decided to get 4 catfish filets and a side of hush puppies (an order has 8). I took it home, open it up and inhaled that delicious steam that rose from the box, this alone made my mouth water. The crunch on the filets wad that of fried chicken but not heavy or greasy. Still very delicate and light. A small drizzle of lemon or hot sauce is honestly all you need as you want to taste the freshness of this fish. On to the hush puppies which was the reason I did not give this place 5 stars. When I first bit into one I noticed that it was spongy. A spongy feeling that happens when things have been reheated a few times. Seasoning and flavoring was there but not freshness. Marios is a great local gem that everyone is Las Vegas needs to visit at least once. The cooks definitely know what they are doing with their fish.
1	Called on the phone to the meat department asking if southern packs were available.. drove 23 miles and no turkey necks and out of Turkey wings too. never again. One star for Faygo pop. Im soooooooo frustrated..
1	Maybe it depends on the time you go....but I was not impressed by the catfish AT ALL! I went on a weekday around 4pm. The catfish was dried out and frail! The flavor was O-K but not everything these other reviews are claiming. Again it could be I was just there at the wrong time......although I feel a good quality place should have good quality food 24-7?! I also had the mac and cheese which was just an epic fail altogether and extremely bland potato salad. The cornbread muffin was burnt and dry. I live in Providence area and I'm so disappointed I wasted my time and gas! And lastly the customer service?!......I can't even give them credit there. The girl behind the food counter is very unpleasant and unwelcoming.....it's like your bothering her! The girl at checkout was getting her Jack in the Box on instead of focusing on her job?! I was just happy to get my red pop soda and get out of that place!
1	Stopped by today for the smothered chicken which is supposed to be the special on Thursdays. NO SMOTHERED CHICKEN, they advertise it but didn't bother to cook it. Please take the sign down. I opted for catfish with rice & what looked like great northern beans. The gentleman fixing my order didn't know what kind of beans they were either.  SMH ...  I should have just left after that bad sign. I get my food home and I had three small dried out pieces of fish and the sides were tasteless. I hate to waste food but unfortunately this time I had to. I tossed it in the trash. What a waste of my time, money and gas. Also, can you please get a new glass for your steam table. The one you have now is so scratched up that a person can barely see what dishes are being offered behind it. Then I get to the counter to pay and the lady is busy talking to another employee and writing something. I stood there for almost 4 mins. No thank you for waiting, no I'm sorry to keep you waiting just barked out the price that I owed. I wish that I had snapped a picture of my food, to add to this review, before I tossed it. WILL NOT BE GOING BACK!!
5	Catfish good.
4	I'm giving 4 outta 5 stars. Catfish is the bomb-diggity. Flavorful and non-greasy, fried goodness.They need to work on their customer service and efficiency, big time.I called to place a large catfish order to be picked up in a couple hours. Their business phone must've rung 20 times before someone picked up and hurriedly put me through to an order taker. When I showed up on a Friday night to pick up the order, the line inside the store was long, and the service slow and unorganized. 30 minutes later, I walked out with a huge tray of their awesome catfish. I believe somebody dropped the ball and didn't have my order ready.The business reminds me of a Mom and Pop corner grocery, with a meat/butcher department and a take-out counter. Also some tables for those wanting to eat inside. Just don't be put off by some of the riff-raff outside the establishment, and be prepared to wait for your catfish, chicken, wings, and sides.It's worth it.
1	I traveled to this market just to try the cat fish. The line was quite long. I did not get any cat fish because my impatient personality did not want to stand in line. There was buffalo fish on the meat side, and I have been looking for some for a while. I was skeptical because of the old meat smell of the place. I think it way past due for a deep cleaning. To my surprise, I found out when I arrived home that the raw fish I purchased was rancid. I really wasn't surprised at all. The staff was very friendly and professional, but I would not eat  raw or cooked foods from this place even if they gave them away. From outside to in the smell of the death floor of a meat packing plant was too much for me. I'll pass Mario.
5	You have to be patient, but it's worth the wait. That have been there for years and the food is always good. I used to teach down the street and ate there often!
5	Ordered catfish dinner and it was so worth the wait great potatoe salad and real mac n cheese all for $9.99 cant beat it. Also got 8pic wings and they were on point def worth it must try its a diamond in the ruff San jose Ca messes with mario tough
