5	I needed to add this business to this website for 2 reasons: 1, it's awesome and authentical.2: My friend believes restomontreal.ca is a better restaurant review website than Yelp. So as I prefer Yelp and wanted to proove him wrong, I needed to add that business.One of the issue I got with Japanese cuisine in Montreal it's that it's mostly marginalize in Sushi and Crazy Chef mumbling funny stuff and doing a flame while cooking your shrimps. I went to 2 great Japanese restaurant in my life and one of them is Mikado and the other one is Hanashima. Mikado would be more in the Modern New Japanese cuisine style with some really talented chef and Hanashima would be more into the Traditional Japanese Cuisine. Now, I'm not an expert, but my friend is really into Japanese stuff and knows more about it. From what I understand, Traditional Japanese cuisine focuses on the taste and quality of the food. The menu is quite simple. The restaurant is welcoming and it kind of feel like a bar with the exception that it's japanese fondue restaurant!You have 3 choices of broth. Chicken, Neutral (algae) and Spicy (which I was told is really spicy). Then you choose your sides. Vegetarian will be happy to find some great vegetable and meat lover will be happy to find their meat too. It's one of the most healthy meal you can have: Boiled in a great broth, with sides of rice and soya sauce and peanut sauce, this meal is so simple, yet so good and CHEAP, that it's worth a 5Stars.Alcool + Shrimps + Meat plates and Veggie plates, + Chicken Broth with Tip cost me 40-45$. Plan at least 1-2 hours for your meal.
2	Shabu shabu. Boiled meat. Boiled vegetables. Really...would you even do this at home? Flavorless.
3	I have been wanting to try this place for a couple of years now, and I am happy that we did.  This is only my second Shabu Shabu experience, so I do not claim to be any sort of expert.  You can order either a small or a large here.  I recommend a small for one person or a large for two people to share.  My husband ordered the traditional broth with beef, because he wanted to try shabu in the traditional way it is supposed to be served.  Well, he regretted it because it was completely flavorless.  The "broth" was water with one piece of dried seaweed in it.  I ordered the "spicy" broth, which was not authentic Japanese, but quite tasty.  It reminded me of Korean spicy tang soup- and was just the right amount of spicy-ness.  They also pass around a condiment tray with different toppings like green onion, hot pepper powder, and ground radish- I recommend using one of not all of these for flavor in the broth.  Mine became a yummy Korean spicy stew (Soon Dubu Jigae) before the night was over.You are served a large tray of mixed vegetables and tofu to put into the soup.  The beef was tender and had great flavor, but the cut of pork used tasted just like Holiday Ham, which did not go well with the flavor of the soup.  Maybe it would go better with some mashed potatoes and a side of cranberry sauce.  The meal also comes with two sauces; one a ponzu type and one a peanut/sesame type sauce.  I liked the ponzu more because the strength of the sauce held up well against the strong meat flavors.  Rice and a complimentary dessert are also served.
5	Where I come from, while having a shabu shabu you might as well drop your wallet into the pot so expensive is the experience.Hanashima hits the spot on all fronts. Firstly, it is a very informal setting and elegantly minimalistic. High stools, a long counter and an individual burner for each guest are really all it takes for shabu shabu, no bells and whistles added.Secondly, it is incredibly well-priced and they make a perceptible effort to keep their prices down. In the two and more years I've been a patron, the prices haven't changed by a digit.Recession bit them too, so today instead of ice cream PLUS iced coffee for dessert, you get one or the other. Additionally, if before prices included tax, today the tax is extra. It is still a bargain.Thirdly, the service is efficient, polite, cheerful and fast. I would go to Hanashima just to have the waitress smile at me.Fourthly, the menu is simple but the meal is filling and involves a variety of courses. The extra sides you can order make the customisations almost endless.Even ethnic food sceptics appreciate the straightforwardness of Hanashima's approach and the sheer quality of their food. I've seen it happen first-hand.Other reviewers mentioned another website that lists Hanashima (restomontreal). After reading the reviews on Yelp, heading over there for the vouchers can actually offset the sales taxes (10%). (I hope this doesn't breach Yelp's terms).Hanashima is a spot to keep in your books due to its perfection and its location. In the heart of Chinatown, it is close to great Chinese bakeries where you can get an extra dessert and bubble tea.I also recommend Hanashima for a cheap and no-strings-attached date, or for post-important-introductions dinners. The counter seating doesn't require guests to stare at each other for the meal's duration, the crowd, decor and food provide great converation starters and the gentle broth's bubbling fills in the necessary moments of silence.A relaxed meal in an unusual setting without the pressure of it being too unusual. Vegetarians are catered for with the huge veggie combo, meat-eaters are spoilt for choice, seafood lovers will delight in the seafood combo and everyone will have a great time at an excellent price.Get the regular portions, splurge because here you can!Reserve whenever you go: I saw it fill up pretty fast on both weekday (sometimes) and weekend nights (always).
4	Mmmm...shabu shabu!  It had been a year since I had shabu shabu and boy did I miss it.  Ugh, sad face, since I had to go to Montreal to get it.  I kind of wish I could move to Montreal, if only Canada would have me!Anyway.  The place was on top of their game.  It wasn't too crowded, the food came out fast and the meat was fresh and delicious.  I went with the traditional broth and my boyfriend got the spicy.  The traditional was great but I kind of liked the spicy more. I also love the counter environment.  Price wise I don't think it was too bad.  All I know is after we were done eating I was in a food coma.  I kind of remember leaving and walking, a lot.  After the food had settled, maybe an hour or two later, I was good to go.  Shabu Shabu places tend to run the same lines in regards to menu items.  Where they differ is service and decor.  Hanashima, has both my friends.  Next time I'm in Montreal I will make the trip back in.
5	Shabu Shabu aka Japanese fondue has a home in Montreal!This is  actually a really fun place to eat at. Seating is around a horse-shoe shaped counter/bar  which takes up the whole restaurant. You have a choice of broths (spicy or traditional) and you choose which kinds of meats and veggies you'd like. You're also given a bowl of rice on the side. You "cook" the thinly sliced meat in your broth   a la fondue style along with the veggies.Everything is super fresh and super healthy. You can overeat all you want here and don't have to feel bad about it afterwards at all! It's a great cheap date spot!
2	I am a huge fan of fondue, in terms of making it myself or going somewhere to get it. I was hoping Hanashima would change my idea that good hot pot in Montreal is really not possible. Honestly, this place doesn't do it for me. I came for the first time with my boyfriend awhile back and we ordered I believe the regular broth with just vegetables, no meat.  The broth was flavorless and bland, and the vegetables were very little on a rectangular plate. It was very expensive for what was given. I think it was an extra 5 or 6 dollars for more vegetables...which is strange because vegetables shouldn't be that expensive. The only decent dish we ordered was the salad, but even that was given in such a small portion. I prefer Mongolian in terms of broth/soup base. They have more flavor and taste. Service was ok, but food did not live up to my standards.
4	This place was great! My first experience in a Shabu Shabu type restaurant! I had the beef/veggie combo which was excellent, but I think the next time the meat will be enough. Very good quality food, and people were really nice.You each have your own pot of broth, and your meat cooks in less then 15 seconds! Very cool restaurant. I will be going back soon
4	Such a fun place! Playing with your food :) Especially in groups! Everyone have their own individual hot pot so no worries of losing your piece of food and for it getting it picked by someone else ;)  They serve the hotpot with a seaweed salad and a marinated cucumber at the beginning.  They also include a soya sauce as well as very yummy sesame sauce. You can choose either a vegetable, a meat or a seafood platter.  The two latter includes a large vegetable platter with interesting choices such as chinese radishes, udon noodles, bok choi, several types of mushrooms, etc.  If you choose the vegetable option, you will only have a larger vegetable platter than others.  You are also allowed two bowls of rice (most people dont know it!) There is a certain order in which you should add your ingredient in order to optimize your experience and not find yourself with overcooked or undercooked items.  As for the broth, I strongly recommend the spicy one since I find the others quite bland.  They also have a seasoning wheel you can ask where you can add green onions, chili powder or radish puree. Finally, a dessert is included!Affordable, healthy an fun way to enjoy a meal between friends :)
4	This is more of a 3-4 stars place...but I will give them the bump up to 4. I had the vegetable plate and added some shrimp. The presentation of the food was great, the spicy broth was not too spicy, but had some flavor. I wish they gave us a little more instruction on the cooking order of the food, but we figured it out. The quality of the vegetables and the shrimp was great. I saw other plates with beef and pork and they all looked like good sized portions. I would go back again when in Montreal.
3	First time at an authentic hot pot restaurant and was semi satisfied. The experience is definitely fun, but the food is just okay. I had the spicy broth because most people claim that the traditional and chicken broths are too bland (definitely agree.. Fiance's chicken broth tasted like nothing). We both had the beef and had to order a side order of beef on top of that as well as two sides of mushroom. This was because the restaurant wouldn't accommodate our request of switching out the rice and noodles for salad or extra veggies.. So it was not very filling. Overall, a cool experience, but won't be returning. 3 stars for cleanliness, price, and concept. If you want food that tastes great, this is not the place for you...
4	Solid shabu shabu. Wish they had some leaner beef. Make sure to get the spicy broth
3	Went here because I really love shabu shabu and wanted to see how it compared to the ones in LA and its not as weird to sit alone when you're doing a bar style restaurant. It was kind of hard to find the place because it was upstairs, It took me a while to find it especially because It was my first time in Montreal. I came in and it was fairly slow, but I did see there were multiple reserved signs around me. I ordered the beef.Their ponzu sauce tasted a little diffferent, I can't seem to put my finger on it, there was something lipstickey about it, if that makes sense. The beef was a little too thick and didn't have the "melt in your mouth" aspect that I'm used to.  The service was decent, and the server was somewhat friendly. What was also pretty nice, was that there was dessert that came with the meal. pretty much-- this place didn't exactly wow me, nor did it completely disappoint me. "EHH"
4	Delicious, fresh & clean. You'll order a soup(broth) & a plate of meat.Don't forget to use dipping sauce in the small cup in front of you. It elevates the flavour. Don't expect Chinese, Mongolian fondue either. Japanese version is different.
4	Stopped here with my wife and 3yr old boy right after the lunch crowd-1:30ish. Place was clean and the staff was friendly (albeit small). We had the lunch special which is basically less meat and veg. -9.95ishSpicy broth tasted good, but not necessarily spicy..more like flavorful. Good for us to get our jones for shabu, shabu,... But does not compare to Boston area etc.
4	Yesterday was my first time here with my friend! And boy that was a good meal. Japanese comfort food par excellence! I order the B combo of lamb. The soup was light and comforting on a rainy and cold night! What i like about this place is the they give you a nice presented place of veggi will a bit of everything (carrot,daikon, broccoli, spinach, cabbage, seaweed, mushroom, tofu, bok choy, udon). The house sauce is so yummy with rice will definitively come back during the winter time
