5	A rather unlikely location for "new" Asian fast food (in Sun Lakes??), but Asian Grill is a real find. Wonderful lettuce wraps and probably the best hot and sour soup we've found in the Valley.
4	Yeah, I know.  Sun Lakes?  Being that I work relatively close to this area, I'm no stranger to the lunch menu at Asian Grill.  My 'ol standby is the Spicy Honey Chicken.  Sesame Chicken is good as is General Tso.  Is that the trifecta of standard Americanized Chinese chicken dishes?  If so, these guys are cranking these items out perfectly.It's good to note, and they do so on the menu, that Asian Grill only uses white meat when it comes to chicken.  No mysterious dark parts.  For some reason, I find this reassuring.Lunch specials will run you about $6 plus a cup of hot tea for fifty cents or so.  It's not spendy at all.  I'd agree with the only other person who reviewed this place that the hot and sour soup is truly wonderful.Small place, somewhat cramped seating but it's rarely over capacity when I visit.  It's a good place to not be seen if your operating on the down low.  Very incognito.  On top of that it's right next to a Bashas' so you can pick up whatever you need, if you need whatever.  Ha.
5	Always great service and the freshest ingredients, this place is a local favorite. I love the food and they give generous portions! Lots of options, and good prices. I've been going here for years and never tire of it.
3	The food is good but you need to demand your bills. breakdown of orders are somewhat vague. We just felt we are somewhat overcharged. I'm so hesitant to visit this restaurant even though it's near us.
5	This family owned place has the BEST egg foo young!  I LOVE the owner's daughter, Ivy.  She is so sweet and helpful.  I really like supporting local places like this that treat me well.   Definitely give this place a try.  No MSG, which is a HUGE plus for me.
5	When it comes to quality, affordable asian cuisine...you should always think of 2 words...Asian Grill! This family owned restraunt has amazing service! Ivy the daughter is the best! She knows what it means to provide outstanding customer service and will even remember your name when you return. Their impressive lunch special Monday- Saturdays from 11-3, where you get an entree, egg roll, fried rice, wonton and choice of either egg drop or hot and sour soup all for around $5.50~!! It will leave you quite satisfied and full!No MSG! And they only use white meat chicken!Their hot n sour soup is phenomenal! A small is plentiful, a large is enough to share with at least 3 people! The entree portions are HUGE and are carefully prepared to your liking!! They will even customize it for you. Enough to take home for leftovers.Take the time to enjoy some of the best Asian food out in the Chandler/SunLakes area..they even deliver!  Tell them Bob sent you!
4	The food is excellent and the delivery service is outstanding.  They handle everything with a smile. We've eaten our way through the menu and haven't found anything that wasn't good.
4	Wow! We usedYelp review to find this yummy place. It was better than we expected. The food was delicious and the brother and sister team were very friendly and hospitable. The price was very reasonalble too.
5	OMG! Best crab rangoons i have ever had. I am from Chicago and i was visiting my mom. She recommended the place and i was thoroughly impressed. In Chicago when you get crab rangoon there is like one squirt of filling and the rest is the fried dough. Here they are filled to the max and utterly delish! The veggie lo mein was pretty good.Service was fast and friendly.
5	Ordered takeout on New Year's Eve for my wife and I and we both loved the food. We ordered two meals and that was more than enough for the two of us and we had some left over for the next day. The vegetable lo mein was delicious and the orange chicken tasted extremely fresh. The staff was extremely friendly and delivered great service. We will definitely be going back.
5	My Father in sun lakes likes to eat  takeout  an average of once a week from here, we really enjoy the food
3	Was craving Chinese and relied on Yelp to point me here. A bit out of the way, but I figured I'd give it a shot. It's not like I have many great Chinese options nearby.Looks like most of their traffic was take-out and delivery, place was empty on a Saturday night. It's a walk in, place your order at the counter and we'll bring it out when it's ready kind of restaurant.Won Ton soup was good, as were the egg roll, crab rangoon and pot stickers. I'd rate them as average, nothing more but definitely not less.Main dishes were honey chicken (son had them leave out the spice), Teriyaki Chicken (daughter wanted this with dark meat), Mongolian beef and Kung Pao chicken and shrimp.I know the kids didn't really order Chinese, but they liked their meals and I thought they tasted fine for what they were. Kung Pao was good and the Mongolian was ok. A bit black peppery and sweet moreso than spicy.Price was ok for what we ordered off the dinner menu and we did leave with leftovers.All-in-all this was a Yelper disappointment for me as the place was rated as if it were a great place and it was merely ok.  If I happened to be in the area I'd do lunch. If I lived nearby and wanted to order out, would do so. But won't specifically head here.
4	After reading all the other existing reviews for Asian Grill, I think I have a legit sense of understanding towards why this place gets 1-5 reviews (and everything in between). Trust me when I say that Asian Grill is a great place for lunch on a weekday. Its not good for large groups, or bday parties, or dinner, or date nights or any of that crap. Its excellent for going outside the office for lunch, eating a good meal and then continuing with your work for the remaining of the day. Its not meant to be a dining experience; its meant to be a dining convenience. And let me explain why: You come in, the menu is already at the counter, you select your combo (soup, lunch plate and a beverage for about $5.45) and pay up front. You fix your own drink, you find a seat, blink, and your plates come up pretty immediately after. Unless you have super-powers at eating, you box up whatever you didn't finish and peace out - all in about 20mins or so (total in-out). With this (hopefully new) perspective, let me justify my 4 stars for Asian Grill. Simply put: the food is plentiful and although a little greasy, great in flavor and quality. The staff is very friendly, the food comes out SUPER fast and the prices are extremely do-able for what you get. My beef dish was very tasty and the wanton soup was hot and flavorful. I won't go into an over-elaborate description of the food look and feel, because y'all know how standard american/Chinese food tastes like: better than Panda Express, worse than legit Chinese food. Done.
4	I like this place for take-out or casual dining. I've had the Kung Pao Chicken, Honey Spicy Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Pepper Steak, Chicken with Vegetables, Chicken Lo-Mein, Hot and Sour Soup, and egg rolls and liked it all. Recommended!
4	Dang. Not Pei Wei. But much cheaper and still good.
5	Family-owned, friendly, fast and great for takeout or delivery. We order-in from Asian Grill at least once a month, if not more, but have never actually dined at the restaurant, though the tables are often crowded, so our reliance on this great Chandler/Sun Lakes fave for takeout shouldn't stop you from dining in.The very first time I walked in the restaurant to pick up a menu, a woman waiting in line for her pickup order went out of her way to tell me, "You have to try the hot-and-sour soup; it's the best ever!" That's pretty high praise, as I've eaten in Chinatown in both LA and New York. Turns out, her recommendation was spot-on, which explains why Asian Grill is selling it's amazing soup all year around... even in Arizona during the summer.Our typical order includes the soup or the equally impressive tempura shrimp apetizer, which are huge (and soooo tasty), the cashew chicken dinner, and the House Special Lo Mein, which includes beef, shrimp and vegetables with wonderful noodles.We live close, so we often pick up, but their delivery service is free and quick, too. Can't recommend them enough.
4	We have tried every Chinese delivery in Chander over the past few years and have found them all to be barely edible...and we aren't picky eaters. Honestly, fellow Yelpers, we even didn't like the one's you gave 4 stars. Where's the flavor? We tried Asian Grill delivery tonight - wonderful...delicious! We finally found excellent Chinese food delivery in Chandler!
3	I am Chinese.  To get a OK, 3 star from me is not a bad thing.  Dishes are on the too saucy and too salty side for me, but the portion is generous enough.  Ingredients are fresh.   Good for take out as the establishment is not a fancy place.  I will order from this place again, but ask them to reduce sauce....
4	DELIVERY IN OCOTILLO!!!  ALAS, A BUSINESS GETS THAT I WANT FOOD BROUGHT TO ME!!!!This place is quick, the food is predictable and good tasting. VERY large portions, I recommend splitting but the food does reheat very well. We have had the lo mien, teriyaki chicken, beef and broccoli, crab wontons, egg rolls and spring rolls, sweet and sour chicken, ALL WONDERFUL! They give you lots of sauce, which is awesome. They don't skimp! Best of all, they are one of the only places around here who will deliver anything besides pizza!! Glad they left a menu on my door!
4	This place surprised me, the food is pretty great.  I ordered takeout, and arrived to find a huge line early on a Saturday afternoon.  Once I got the food home I learned why.  This is the best Chinese I've had in Phoenix for sure.  Everything seemed quite fresh, and was closer to the type of Chinese food I am used to (coming from the Northeast).  Not bad at all.
2	Went here this past weekend while visiting sun lakes.  Worst idea we had all trip.   The family that owns and runs it must work hard because they were all there and the place was busy.  The food is just not good.  We got Coconut Shrimp, Orange Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, and egg rolls.Orange chicken is soggy and pork fried rice was gamy...  The pork was super overcooked and gross.  My brother and I both had half of a plate and called it good...  We were rummaging the cabinets an hour later but neither of us could stomach the idea of more of this gross food.
5	The potstickers are very addictive.
5	We've ordered several items from here and everything we've tried has been good.  We live a little outside of their delivery area, but they've accommodated us and yay! Delivery!  The food arrives within 45 minutes or So and is still hot.
5	Stumbled on this place last weekend.  What a find!  Food was fabulous.  Fresh, fresh, fresh!  Cooked to perfection.  Sauce was outstanding.  Everything home made and perfect.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Looks can be deceiving. It located in the corner of the strip mall in the Bashas' shopping center.  Do give this place a try!  The owners are awesome, and their attention to detail does not go unnoticed.  Fresh ingredients, great taste, definitely a go to Chinese place in south Chandler.   I have been working my way through the menu over the past few weeks and have yet to find anything that I didn't like
5	Holy crap! This place is awesome! I was at work and decided to place an order for take-out.... Which is really convenient since it is about a 5 minute drive up the road. I am all about garlic chicken, and decided to order their lunch special. Only $5.75 for a whole lot of food! I went in to pick up my order and was greeted with a warm smile... It was as if they already knew who I was. My order was ready immediately... And it was delicious!! This place gets 5 stars for their amazing service and for the food! I will be back soon :)
5	Great food. Fast delivery; not sure how they delivered so fast, but delivery driver was awesome! Food was super hot. You HAVE to try the Coconut Shrimp.
4	It was our first time there, and we will be going back! The portion sizes were good, my jumbo shrimp really were jumbo! The combo meals are perfect! They come with an entree, fried rice, a crab wonton and a spring roll. The price was very reasonable for the amount of food. We left satisfied! Also the server was super friendly and attentive!
5	My wife and I love this Chinese place. It's not to oily and the food is always delicious. The delivery is very fast as well. Great for a night you don't want to cook or go out!
3	We have always liked the food and James, our delivery guy.
5	Very good food and the servings are generous and reasonable. The egg drop soup is the best I've ever had and I ate it all. I usually only have about 1/4 in other places. The delivery was great. We highly recommend it!
1	I am removing my good rating. The kind of service I received this last time was OUTRAGEOUS!! We decided to order delivery this time. Locating a complete menu online was a HUGE pain. We knew they had combo plates though and knew that's what we wanted. My husband searched for at least thirty minutes for a menu listing the combos. When I was finally ready to call I couldn't understand what the lady said at first. So I responded that I wanted to place an order for delivery. She asked me what I wanted. I told her a number one and a number eighteen. The lady asked me "what?" so I repeated. Then she, clear as day, asked "what is that?" I responded the number one, it's the chicken and broccoli combo. Then the number eighteen the spicy honey shrimp. Then she asked me my cross streets, THREE TIMES! The third time I even asked her if she was listening that I had already told her twice. After that we discussed phone numbers and addresses. Then she asks if I want to pay by cash or card. I said card so she asked me for the card number. Worried she might have messed up the order I ask to know the total first. She told me it was $21. The number 1 is about $8 and the 18 about $10 so I thought that seemed right with taxes. I said ok and prepared to give her the card info and she hung up on me. I was angry by that point. She refused to listen the whole time and then hung up. So my husband called back and told them we needed to pay. She argued that I said I wanted to pay cash. He said "no she said card." THREE times she repeated him saying "oh you want to pay cash" and he had to yell to stop her from hanging up again before he could get her to understand we were paying by card. ONE HOUR later the food shows up and it's WRONG. Not combos at all but just the two meat dishes. So I called back AGAIN. I told her we ordered combos and they weren't  combos. She told me she repeated the order to me twice and I confirmed. She did not repeat the order even once! She proceeded to call me a liar and hung up!!So I took the food back to their shop. I told her I wanted my money back. She said why, I  told her it was because it was wrong and she has poor customer service. She then called me a liar and told me how I was trouble, to get out and never come back. I told her I wasn't going anywhere until I had my money back. She then told me she already voided it. Who's the liar now? She didn't want to give me a refund when I walked in. The delivery guy was visibly shocked when he heard her refuse to refund me. Then she says she already did it? BS. I told her I didn't believe her and I wanted proof. I argued in full view of all the customers for over fifteen minutes. She told me I was a liar over twenty times. Then it turns out she's not even the lady I was talking to on the phone! All of a sudden it slips out someone else does the phone. She's not even really 100% sure what was said! This was the business owner! And the business owner was the lady I talked to when I called about our missing food! The business owner lied about repeating the order to me twice on the phone. And the business owner is the one who called me a liar and hung up on me. She told me she's never had a problem in ten years and I was trouble and a liar over and over. Finally she printed me a receipt saying she had voided our transaction. As I walked out the door she was SCREAMING "You are a liar! Don't come back!"This lady is insane!! She has an elderly Asian woman answering the phones instead of someone more fluent in English. But if there is a mistake it's all the customer's fault. This only happened tonight so I will have to wait and see if we really are reimbursed for our food!! If we aren't I will be reporting then to the BBB.
1	Their food has been ok for delivery, and we love our delivery. But even that won't cover bad costumer service!!  Tonight was the last straw, and it was a pick up order.   If their food was great, I would suck it up, but it is no where near great to deal with rude. Better off sticking with Pei Wei.
1	HORRIBLE! If you like food, do not come here. We tried, tried & tried this place for years but NO GOOD each time. When I see the 4 star review, I know I have to do something.The last straw for us is, they would not honor their own coupon that has no expiration date printed.Yakie!
1	After ordering one general tsaos chicken and a side of crab puffs for delivery 2 hours passed and my food still never came. I called several times and got different stories on the whereabouts of the driver. First they said he will be leaving soon then immediately after that said the driver left 8mins ago. Finally I decided to cancel my order and have my money refunded back on to my card they assured me it would be done my 9pm. Another 2hrs passed and 9pm rolls around still no refund on my card and now they are not answering my calls, Im assuming they are closed for the evening. The next morning I proceeded to try and follow up again about my money still no answer still no refund. Very poor customer service and accountability. Never got a chance to try their food and from my first impression I will not consider it.
4	We ordered online which was convenient,  but were disappointed that it took over an hour for the order to arrive.  The food was delivered warm and tasty. We especially enjoyed the lemon chicken and vegetable egg roll.
