3	Pros = Above average deli food, pet friendly, fills the need for Jewish food in this part of the ValleyCons = Overpriced, too-hot coffee, slow service at timesSomewhat strangely, Kashman's has 2 locations off Scottsdale road within about 2 miles of each other.  This would make sense if the food was stellar and the prices were reasonable, but considering neither of those points are true this fact will remain a mystery...
2	While food is decent - it is overpriced. The biggest quirk is paying $ 8.50 for banana pancakes.Service is inconsistent at best, bordering rude and snotty at times. Staff does not even make an effort to remember your name, as they are too busy.I give them credit for creating a terrific bagel. One of my favourite items on the menu for lunch is the Sonoran chicken sandwich - htat is a must have.When I first moved to the area, I went there several times a week, and now have limited mny visit to an oocasional one simply because the service is nothng special yet I would expect a little friendlier staff from a deli that charges premium prices.
5	Kashman's is North Scottsdale's best-kept open secret, something that many people living in the depths of Central Phoenix have never heard of and would never deign schlepping to for breakfast.  We became intimately familiar with it when we lived for nearly a year up in a  Grayhawk apartment, waiting for our condo renovation to be completed.  I love the egg dishes (try the Chicago omelet), the salads (Trifecta rocks), pastries made in-store (the black-and-whites are good, and the fat-free blueberry muffins are better than the regular ones--all are usually refrigerated, though, so you may want to ask for your muffin to be heated before serving) and the bagels have the perfect bite and chewiness (contrast with the bagel-shaped bread that Einstein's churns out).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have found the owner's family to be quite friendly and quick to recognize regulars.Seating is sketchy during peak hours, although, for a relatively small strip-center establishment, there are a decent number of tables in and outside.  As a first-timer, remember to ask the wait staff at the door to give you a number corresponding with an open table.  You will need this when placing your order at the counter.  It can be difficult to peruse the large menu, so it may help to grab a paper copy before queuing up.
2	Cute little place to go for breakfast on the weekend.  Food was good but I felt it to be a little over priced for a place that does not serve you.  In my opinion, I found Kashman's to be very overpriced for breakfast, and I found it to be the same quality as The Good Egg but way to over priced.
4	kashman's tuna melt the best EVER. Have it on a cinnamon raisin bagel, I know it sounds nasty but it's delicious! Kashma's service is great and well worth the trip. Just remember they close by 3pm on the weekends and perhaps during the week as well.
3	I had high hopes for this place. It's only two strip malls away from my parents' hood (since I'm a visitor and didn't keep track of actual distances, and there are strip malls galore in this area, that's how I keep tabs on locations), and it's a Jewish-sounding deli! Sign me up...Three of us went for lunch and got sandwiches. My cousin, a 19-year-old macho man terrorizing much of the Phoenix female population currently, got the chicken salad sandwich. He liked it a lot. It was piled high with mayonnaisy (how in the heck should I spell that, sorry) looking chopped chicken. My boyfriend got the roast beef sandwich with cheese and roasted red peppers. He thought it was pretty good, but picked off the red peppers. I tried one, and could see why they wouldn't really fit with the rest -- really pungent tasting, would totally overwhelm and stand out from the other flavors. I got the half sandwich/half salad combo with the thanksgiving turkey sandwich (cranberry spread, yum) on whole wheat, house salad. Eh, just ok. Nothing special. This rates ok since it's convenient and serviceable, but really it's not the good Jewish deli I was hoping for, and the prices are pretty high for just a sandwich. I'd rather pick up fixings and make my own at this cost, which is what I did the next day.
4	Just realized that I wrote a review for the Kashman's location at the Summit, but not for this (Pinnacle Peak) location yet... and this is the one I frequent!I am a regular customer at Kashman's and although I feel like it's kind of expensive, I love their food, so it's worth it to me!  Today I had the chopped farmers salad (no cheese + turkey).  I love that it is full with veggies and the light balsamic dressing they use goes perfectly with it!  Other menu items that I order consistently are the omelettes (they do egg whites no problem), oatmeal, trifecta plate, turkey sandwich, and tuna melt.  The bagels are the best I've had in Arizona, and my friend DeDe swears by their matzah ball soup!I witnessed an interesting scenario when I was there today... a guy had bought lunch for his wife and came up to the register when I was paying and said: "Excuse me... my wife changed her mind and does not like her cookie and she wants to exchange it for a blueberry muffin."  Nancy, the owner, looked at him and apologetically said "I'm sorry, sir - that is the cookie she chose and I cannot serve that cookie to anyone else now.  You can buy a blueberry muffin if you'd like."This made me think two things: 1 - I'm glad they will not reserve food like that but 2 - perhaps they should have asked if the cookie was bad, etc... and maybe even done so much as to give them a muffin to make them happy?Anyways, that's my story for the day, but I have been and will continue to be a loyal Kashman's customer!
3	Kashman's has great food but you really have to gear yourself up for the rude owner (artichoke lady) and some of the mean, crotchety ladies that work behind the counter. This is not a good place to place your order by phone. They're always nasty and short with you on the phone and then when you pick your order up, they get all bent out of shape because you have no place to stand and wait for your order. The guys and gals that bus are usually super efficient and very friendly and the food is above average. If you're looking for good food and a verbal lashing from the staff that work there, then Kashman's is your place to eat!!
5	Breakfast for lunch and lunch for late breakfast....my kinda place!! From salads, sandwiches to bagels....I love it on weekends to sit outside when I have time to lounge. I love that I can bring Max to sit outside with me!Casual, clean and yummy!
4	I really am a fan of Kashman's Place, unfortunately I don't live in the neighborhood anymore or I'd probably make it a daily stop.  I swear that they have some of the best bagels that I've had in the valley- their jalapeno bagel hits the spot! So does their bagel sandwich for a quick on the run meal. I was also a big fan of and can recommend the Thanksgiving Cranberry Turkey and Sonoran Chicken sandwiches. Everything that I've had at either location was top-notch... if only they had a CenPho location.
4	Once you figure out how this place works, it is a great place for a casual and tasty breakfast.  When you arrive, it is important to get a number for an open table before you order.  Also, the menu is fairly long, so it is best to get a paper copy and figure out what you want before getting in line.  I say this because even though the line may appear long, it moves FAST.  Yes, these people at Kashman's are quick and efficient, so you don't want to reach the counter undecided!  So far I have tried various omlettes (with bagel & fruit as the side items) and a breakfast bagelwich.  All have been great and arrive at the table quickly.  An added plus is the fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The seating inside can be tight, especially if there are peole waiting in line to order, but there is ample seating outside, most of which is either in the shade or under umbrellas.  One thing I really enjoy is that it is a dog-friendly place - they have bowls of ice water and bags of biscuits outside for our furry friends to enjoy.
4	After being on our list for awhile, we finally made it out to Kashman's this week for breakfast (on a week day).  I was a little surprised when we got there, as I expected a sitdown restaurant, but instead it's an order at the counter and the food is brought out kind of place.  There was a TON of seating outside, and I remarked to my wife that Kashman's is probably the place to go on the weekend's once the temps cool down...We each ordered a coffee and the wife ordered a egg/cheddar bagelwich on an everything bagel, while I ordered the stuffed challah french toast.  There were several choices of Seattle's Best coffee at the self serve condiment bar, and I think three different types of milk.  Coffee was good.  After a few minutes the food was served to us.  My french toast (stuffed w/ cream cheese and fried) was delicious.  It was one of the dishes where I have to tell my wife that if she wants a bite she better hurry up and get it while there is some to be had.  I finished the whole thing, no problem and wish the serving size had been a touch bigger.  The only downside of the plate was the fruit that came with it.  There was much honeydew and cantaloupe (both of which I dislike) and precious few slices of delicious strawberry.  I also had some of my wife's sandwich after she was done, and thought it was good, bagel was nice and warm still.  Kashman's get a solid four stars, and I'd probably go more often if it was a little more convenient for me, though I have a couple of relatives who I would consider making the drive out here for.
3	Was visiting Scottsdale this weekend and wanted a local place for breakfast.  The food was pretty good but the service kind of sucked.  The woman taking the order in the restaurant came off as rude and not friendly at all.  If you can deal with that then no big deal.  Pretty good food for a reasonable price.
2	I love breakfast, and this place has decent food......BUT it is just very VERY normal food. Nothing unique or special and It is WAY overpriced. The wait times are also ridiculous. I don't like to wait 40 minutes for some average waffles.Don't believe the hype.
4	I love going to breakfast on weekends. I actually live for it and I've been going to Kashman's for about 4 years now. (Wow, has it really been that long!) After reading some of the reviews, yes - it is a little expensive for breakfast and yes- the food is normal breakfast food, but I love that it is a small little breakfast, brunch, lunch joint. I mostly love it because it is one of the few places that I know that welcomes pets! I feel so guilty some mornings getting up and leaving my little pooch that it is nice to have a place I can take him. Of course there is outdoor seating and it is a great way to start out your day. We usually see a lot of people come in after their morning hike. Some meals are big enough to share as well...although I don't.  :-)
4	Kashman's is the go-to deli of choice for my family.  My parents own a home between the two locations and when they are in town, we are frequent visitors to both.  I enjoy both breakfast and lunch at Kashman's.  I've never had a bad meal... omelets, oatmeal, bagels, sandwiches, salads, etc... it's all delicious!When I'm in need of a pick-me-up, I head to Kashman's.  Their chicken noodle soup combined with a power bagel and cream cheese does the job.  There is something about the combination of carbs, fluid, protein, and dairy; it's better than what my grandmother used to make me!  But don't take my word for it; go check it out yourself!
2	I don't understand something about this place - and that is how unfriendly and unpersonable the owners and cashier staff are. The staff are either miserable, not well treated, underpaid or all of the above.Stone faced is how I would describe the people who take your order. They'll take your money but that's about it - If you expect a smile, you may want to place a token in their mouth and see what happens.The truth of the matter is: I would rather drive 20 minutes to go to another deli, deal with friendly and courteous staff, feel appreciated then go to the most convenient deli, pay outrageous prices and be taken for granted.In my book and especially in this recessionary period, it is the little details that win my business and the verdict for Kashman's is just about the most unfriendly, most unwelcoming breakfast joint I have yet to come across. I don't understand how they stay in business !
3	Pinnacle Peak location now closed, just fyi!
1	this kashman's is closed - as of Sunday June 20, 2010Their summit location is still OPEN - however, this is a little farewell to the Pinnacle Peak location.What used to be my favourite deli turned into a nasty neighbor. It's nothing personal, but really - they did everything to drive my business away, so when I say their doors closed, I was actually relieved because they left a sour taste in my mouth. While their food was decent, it was overpriced and I never got over just how cold and unwelcoming they were to not just me but everybody.I will not even bother to drive further north to visit their other location because really the farther away they are, the happier I am!
5	Best breakfast in Scottsdale!  Bring your puppy
