5	I have been to many Asian restaurants in the valley, some big, some small. Gourmet Wok on Baseline & Hardy is one of the best. Hands down. First thing, it's CHEAP. $4 lunch combos with fried rice and some crab puffs, and it's more food than just about any other take out combo I have seen. You can also get a pint of egg drop for a buck. A lot of reviews, like for Quick Wok say you get A LOT of food, but I usually don't see that. At the GW I think you really do, usually enough for two sittings.I've tried almost all the lunch combos and they are all great. I think the quality rivals any large restaurant. They don't have a fancy store with fancy containers, just good food. It also seems like a genuine small family restaurant. Nice old Asian people who don't speak great English always, and some old Asian dude in the back cooking. :]  And the food is always made right then and hot as sh*t. Not spicy, but burn though your hand hot.I used to think Golden Canyon by MCC or YC's was the best, but since moving to Tempe years ago,  I think it's a tough choice. Although YC's is kinda in another category. A little more expensive and not really takeout. BTW, YC's is also very AWESOME.Every time I try another place, I wish I would have gone to Gourmet Wok. Like, today I went to Quick Wok on Mill & Southern, not again. Don't get me wrong, the food was great, but less of it and $2 more. Check it out. Buy the way this is my first review. I just didn't see any other reviews for such a great place.
3	This place is great for a couple of reasons. Firstly, it seems to be a Mom and Pop shop that has stood the test of time in what has been a turbulent strip mall that has seen many transformations over the years. Only a few things have survived as they were going back to Gourmet Wok opening (Hell, even Barros Pizza moved.). The Taco bell and KFC and this little place. The family vibe of Gourmet Wok is great, I love seeing places like this survive hard times. Secondly, the food is solid and you cant beat the price for the portions you get. I have ordered many items off the menu and I have never run in to a bad one yet. Its solid, not amazing, blow your doors off, have a religious experience kinda food, its just a solid little place. You get your moneys worth. They have very affordable lunch specials and I suggest checking that out if you are free at that time. They are closed on Sunday so be mindful of that. Anyways, give it a go, they do delivery of you live on that part of town. Do it.
4	The hot and sour soup is great!The orders are ready quickly and are screaming hot. Don't judge this book by the cover. It is a good typical chinese take out joint.
5	I loved my food here.  I got some veggie dish with tofu.  It came with steamed rice and a spring roll.  Delicious vegetarian food!  So hot and fresh and tasty.  I met a friend for dinner the first time and liked it so much I went back and ordered the same thing for lunch the next day.  I've been craving it ever since.My suggestion would be to do takeout though.  The place seems to have no air conditioning and it was HOT.  They offer super cheap lunch meals.My friend ordered Moo Goo Gai Pan and pork friend rice and hated it.  I have to say that the pork friend rice looked terrible but maybe that is because I don't eat pork?  Also the Moo Goo Gai Pan looked good but it was mostly white meat chicken and a bizillion mushrooms and my friend is not a fan of mushrooms in the least.
3	I ordered shrimp lo mein for lunch here.  It was really delicious, inexpensive and I didn't have to wait long for my meal.  I didn't even mind that the place looked run down because I could tell it was clean.  The only reason why I knocked off a star and probably won't come back was because I had these little, black specs in my food that were really hard, I couldn't help but think they were pieces of teflon from the wok.  I dunno but it freaked me out.
4	Well.  Here's the thing:When it's good, it's good!  When it's bad, it's pretty bad.  I've had some pretty tasty dinners here, and the portions are such that I can get about three meals out of a dinner combo.  Awesome, considering it's costs like $8 or something.  But then I tried the Hunan Beef and it was awful.  No flavor and a strange texture.I give it 4 stars because I don't want to change their rating.  If you get the right things (which so far have been General Tsao's Chicken and Sesame Chicken), then it's good.  But some things are very mediocre to... not good.I will definitely go back.  Great price, generally good Chinese food, and pretty giant portions for the price!
2	Gourmet Wok used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant. I live a five minute walk away, and when i craved Chinese, i was lucky to have an affordable and delicious option right nearby. I spent two years looking for an eggroll that wasn't garbage out here, and Gourmet Wok was the first place i found with an eggroll worth eating at a take out place. But not anymore. Recently they changed owners, or at least there is a different family working it now. And the quality took a nose dive into an empty pool. The food is pretty meh, a hell of a lot greaser, and the service is much less friendly. The eggroll is still decent, but the general quality of the General Tso, Orange Chicken, and Mongolian beef has just turned bland and not worth it, where it was wonderful before. Its still cheap, but i'd go somewhere else for chineese now.
4	Decent, fast Chinese food.  Can't really go wrong with a dinner that costs less than $10 and leaves you with enough food for another full meal the next evening.  The Kung Pao Chicken was pretty good, a little heavy on the sauce perhaps and the egg drop soup was basically broth only, with some egg thrown in, guess I didn't really know what I expected. Definitely a good place for takeout, not much in the way of ambiance...
5	I am so pleased with the lunch I just picked up here I'm writing this review while I eat it (much better use of multi-tasking than getting back to work as intended, don't you think?). Perusing Yelp for a decent Chinese place near my office, I found the Gourmet Wok was just about a mile away hidden behind a Taco Bell in a strip mall tucked between a nail salon and a dentist office run by a guy name Nguyen. A little Google magic revealed their menu and list of lunch specials. I ordered the Szechuan Chicken, which was $4.45. You have to pay a premium of $4.75 for beef or shrimp And, because I already threw caution to the wind this morning and had margarine on my white toast, I went ahead and had them throw in an egg roll for another $0.70. I also kind of figured I wasn't getting much food for under $5, which was an incorrect assumption on my part as I will likely be eating left over Chinese for dinner tonight. The food itself was very flavorful (albeit not hot enough for me, but that's why I keep Sriracha packets in my desk drawer anyway) and there was plenty of it. The broccoli was still bright green and crunchy, there were lots of carrots and they mixed in lots of those little baby corn bits everyone loves. I grabbed a couple of take out menus for the office and will try to entice my co-workers into switching to this place for delivery ($10 minimum so I'll need some help) from the other place nearby, whose name I will not mention, with whom I am less enamored. Incidentally, I would say that this is definitely a takeout/delivery joint. The interior is not exactly decorated for comfort. It reminds me of the little Asian places I would order from in Toronto or San Francisco. Sometimes there is an indirect correlation - the less comfy the restaurant, the better the food - when it comes to good Chinese and/or Mexican.  Who knows what the next visit will bring, but for the moment, for the money, I could not be happier.
4	Best Chinese fast food I have found in the area.  Had Dragon Phoenix (1/2 shrimp with veggies and 1/2 general taos) --- plentiful, flavorful and fresh! New favorite take out place.
3	Average at best.. I had the Kung Pow Chicken and it was flooded with too much sauce. The sweet and sour soup was alright. Prices are very reasonable though. Nothing spectacular.
3	A hole in the wall that offers tasty food at a good price. Great alternative to the chains so prevalent in the area. Also a good option for something quick!
5	I am only rating this against other hole-in-the-wall chinese places and this is about as good as it gets! Not much by way of ambiance and the day I went there they didnt have a/c (dont know if it is all the time or it was just out?) but the food was delish/cheap/ and close to my work! You just cant beat a $4.75 lunch special! MMMMMM
1	I am a Chinese student here and have tried a lot of Chinese Food in AZ area. This one have terrible crappy food with the worst customer services. My roommate and I odered the lunch specical and they sent us the large size food which charged us more than $20 and they rejected to do anything for their mistake. ==PANDA==========
2	I'm trying the places close by my temporary Tempe home... it's tough to give more than two stars after my experience here.I walked by on my way to Food Town, and I picked up a menu.  In  perusing the offerings, I was struck by the Thai Basil Chicken combination. I figured with egg roll and Lo Mein, the combination would probably work.  After picking up the Food Town items, I walked toward Gourmet Wok.On opening the door and walking in, I was the only customer in the restaurant.  When I passed by earlier, picking up the menu, there were no customers in the restaurant.  The only people in the restaurant were a waitress, her child and another lady at the same table.  The tables and chairs...Goodwill Industries.  The menu board...with lots of prices that have not been updated, even though the prices in the paper menu have...I thought I might have found the proverbial 'hole in the wall' for take-away Chinese cuisine.I compared prices between the picture board, the written menu on the wall and the paper menu in my hands.  The prices on certain items varied based on which source you ordered from.  My Thai Basil Chicken combination cost $6.55 based on the paper menu.  With tax, I paid $7.14.  The person who took my order advised I would wait 5 minutes and my order would be ready.I walked to the local literature distribution near the front door, where I picked up the coffee-time news.  After reading my horoscope and several articles about truffles, I was called to pick up my order.  3:20 on my watch.  This was either an extremely coordinated cook or certain items were cooked before being commingled with all the ingredients.  The person who took my order brought the bag to the counter, handles looped through one-another.  I opened the bag, took a peek and everything looked appropriate.  I asked for some pepper oil, and was provided with a container.  Out the door and 2 blocks to the homestead...I walked in, unburdened from the trip, washed my hands and prepared to open the box for dinner.  The egg roll...it had been sitting under a heat lamp...there were no grease spots on the envelope.  Cabbage, carrots, but no seasoning...frozen, not prepared fresh.  No Lo Mein...but rice cooked in yellow broth, and it was a little hard, like it could have cooked for 2 or 3 more minutes.  As hard as I tried, I just could not enjoy the rice, either.  Last but not least, the Thai Basil Chicken with no basil.  I'm betting the cook did not read the order, or chickie who took the order wrote down chicken with broccoli, because while there was no basil, the broccoli was in large quantity and cooked to perfection.  The chicken...no.  It must have been cut and then steamed and left in a tray in the preparation area.  The pieces were very uniform, very soft (beyond tender) and flavorless.  While I could not see what the cook was doing in preparation, my bet is that he took already prepared broccoli, carrots and onion and tossed 'em with the chicken pieces, then slathered the whole thing in sauce.  First time, not very impressed.  I will give them one more try, because every time I go by, the place is always empty.  Maybe if they get the chance to impress, and succeed, they could grow.
3	This restaurant is gone.  :(  It is now a place going to be called China Jade.
