4	Support the local hockey team.. why not?!? Go to MCmullians drink walk across the street watch em play and enjoy. I went to midnight game paid about 20 bucks and had some fun. :)
4	Who doesn't want to watch hockey in the desert? Even though the team is under .500 right now, they play hard and games are always entertaining. They played the Idaho Steelheads (I have no idea what a steelhead is) this past Thursday and Friday and both games ended in a shootout, with the teams splitting the games. There really isn't a bad seat in the house and prices are very reasonable. I had seats about 10 rows up from behind the net and they were only about $21 a piece. Kids under 2 get in for free. Not a bad family-friendly event, fights and all.
5	Luckily for me, my dear father loves playing at the Orleans casino, and this medium roller is more than happy to hand his free tickets off to his wife and daughter. Tickets are pretty cheap, which makes for a great night of entertainment, where you can drink, yell at people and enjoy some hockey.The coolest thing about Wranglers games is the fact that it brings every hockey fan in Las Vegas together. Go to a game and you'll see a lot of Wranglers jerseys, but you'll see just about every NHL jersey as well. Mom and I enjoy playing the license plate game with jerseys during intermissions. Double points for Penguins fans, of course. More if you get a high five from one. Automatic win if you trip a Flyers fan. Maybe not, but it's a thought if a game really goes sour and we need something else to do.Right, the Wranglers. I'm not totally sure what the mascot, Duke, is, but he's a cool guy. He runs around the Arena giving high fives to kids, sitting on fans' laps, leading cheers, shooting T-shirt guns and mooning the visiting team. Wranglers fans have a number of cheers, most of which include the word "suck," whether it be directed at the visiting team or the referees. They are fun to yell, so I would recommend learning them. Quick correction (yes, I went there, Misti--) the LV Wranglers are a pro sports team. They're part of the ECHL, which supports the AHL and the NHL. Unfortunately, that means our players are often signed to other leagues, but that's the price of having good players, right?Let's go Wranglers, let's go! (clap clap)
4	I look forward to the Wranglers games for 10 reasons...1) It's in an expensive night out that's easy to find/get in and out of2) A fight breaks out every now and then ....and our guys know how to fight really good3) It gets me out of the house.... always a good thing since I work from home and have to deal with idiots all day long... this gives me an outlet to yell at something4) Duke.... love that .... guy.... thing.... he's the mascot who stands on the chairs, bangs on the glass, teases the other teams, leads cheers and contests, plays with kids and adults...he's all around a lot of fun5) TACOS!  5 Wrangler goals means everyone gets a coupon for a free taco at Del Taco6) You can yell, cheer and boo at anything and everything ... it's very therapeutic7) People watching is priceless and incredibly entertaining at these events8) Chuck-A-Puck... it's a fundraiser deal.... you buy rubber pucks and throw them on the ice for a chance to win a gift card for food or a signed jersey or something like that9) McMullan's is just a hop, skip and a jump away and that place is awesome before and after the game.... really good Irish fare10)  You can ride the Zamboni... just call the Wranglers office and see when they have an open spot... I did this for my mom last year for her birthday... she had a Blast
5	Las Vegas Wrangler Hockey baby! Been coming to the games myself since 2007, I saw an ad on TV for the annual midnight hockey game and the rest is history! It's always a great value, fun to hang out and cheer on the local ice hockey team, and Duke is pretty awesome himself too! For the most part the team has been pretty good and wins quite often which helps for sure lol. Bring your friends, bring your family, bring everyone, the more the merrier defenitly applies here. The games are usually more full on the weekends, the Tuesday games are more lax. Word of advice: come when they play Alaska Aces, those games are always wayyyy more awesome because the two teams hate each other. More often you come, the more you will want to come to the next game! Learn the chants and get into it! My only complaint is the crowds are a little small sometimes, but that's not theteams fault, it's the flaky people in this city. So come on out! We have all four big sports between the UNLV Runnin' Rebels (basketball), two-time champs Las Vegas Locos (football), the Las Vegas 51's (Triple A baseball) and our very own Las Vegas Wrangler hockey team (the Phoenix Coyotes are the parent NHL club to us). So come on out and support the Las Vegas community and be a part of our great city. You're gonna have a good time!
5	I am a Canadian and absolutely love hockey games. The Wranglers games are no NHL but still heaps of fun. The tickets are cheap, you can drink beer and snack on arena food,  the kids are super cute to watch dancing and cheering for their team and the overall ambiance is awesome.  Get a bunch of friends together and head to the Orleans arena to watch a game... You won't regret it. :)
4	I went to my first Wranglers Hockey game recently and I had an EXCELLENT time. We attended on a Tuesday night, the arena was clean and the staff was friendly. Food and beverage were decently priced for a casino arena. Seats were close! Prices were affordable. Attendance for the game...I couldn't say if this was normal or not because it was my first an only game, the place was "empty" in my opinion. BUT the people who did attend were good fans! Cheering, paying attention to the game (super important!), general hockey heckling. It was wonderful :)I will certainly return for another game. I'm glad I had a chance to attend and find another fun local Sport to watch in Vegas.
4	Give the crowd what they want! That was the motto of the night. Within 3 minutes of the start, a fight broke out and the sea of cowbells rang throughout the arena. The Wranglers would not call it a night at just one brawl, but two more occurred during the game. Is this normal or am I watching the WWE on ice?It does not really matter to me. I might not be a normal spectator, but every now and then one gets tired of gentlemen sports. I came out half dazed and falling asleep, but  some knock down/drag out fights are the cure for waking a person up.Last night, our hometown team took on Alaska. Although the visitors pushed the Wranglers to play defense through most of the game, LV was able to score four goals leading us to a 4-2 victory. We were a goal short of getting our free taco, but not on excitement. With 7,442 people in the audience, it was a passionate crowd. Just make sure to find a spot close to an exit and immediately leave after the game. It gets hectic when the mass exodus begins.
5	I have been to several Las Vegas Wranglers games and my most recent one, a special midnight game, was the best yet. Seeing them at the Orleans Arena is a huge plus. Easy to get in and out, the seats are comfortable and the concession folks are friendly. Thankfully, the Wranglers have kept their ticket prices to what a large screen 3D movie costs. They brought the action and won last night. And for that I will be going back. I hope that they keep the midnight games, those are fun.
5	I love hockey. I have loved hockey since I was a child. It's a family thing, I suppose as my parents love it and their parents before them too. I was raised on the Chicago Blackhawks until we moved to Anaheim in the 90's, where I became a Ducks fan.I can honestly say that if we didn't have the Las Vegas Wranglers I could not live in Las Vegas. ECHL hockey is in no way NHL hockey but Im grateful that we have it and have enjoyed every single one of the hundreds of games Ive been to since I moved here in 2005. I had season tickets from to '06-'11 seasons and now I maintain a press credential with the Wranglers. The front office staff is fantastic and I have had noting but pleasant experiences with run ins with the players.When friends ask me what to do in Vegas I ALWAYS recommend a Wranglers game first, before any of the tourist stuff. Hockey in the desert is alive and well. Treat yourself to a game and I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
5	By now, most people on YELP know that I just moved to Vegas.   This is where the fun begins though!We have friends in CA who visit as often as possible to attend the Wranglers games since they love this venue and the Team!    I had never been to a hockey game before, so my DH and me decided to join our friends for a "trial run" at attending a hockey game.  Wow!   We had so much fun!  The Team is enthusiastic, the music is loud and makes me want to dance (I ain't no spring chicken either) and the people who come to these games have such a wonderful time -  it is just so infectious that I would have a hard time believing that anyone who is breathing wouldn't enjoy it!   We are now contemplating season tickets!   This venue is fabulous for kids since many of them attend!Las Vegas is more than just gambling and the Wranglers provide a wonderful fun night out on the town!
4	Last night was my third Wranglers game ever.  They played the Idaho Steelheads and lost to them in an OT shoot out.  Apparently I heard the Wranglers were number one in the West Coast Division which baffles me.  Two of the games I've been to, counting last night, the Wranglers have lost.  Maybe I'm going to the wrong ones.I love the fact that you can just grab a beer, some carmelized nuts and yell profanity at the opposing team.  I love these games!  I love the chants, I love the fights and I love the chuck a pucks.  By the way, I was irritated with the referee last night, number 78.  He kept breaking up all the fights.  Only one really broke out.  I also don't like the Duke.  That green mascot is weird, I just don't get it.Tonight, we used a Groupon for two people.  The staff was nice enough to seat our group of 4 together.  There was a total of 6,989 fans that attended the game which was also the most people I've ever seen at a Wranglers game.  I do have a lot of stress in my life and it's great to come to a game where it's ok to get out my aggression verbally.  The first game I've attended, I was fortunate to get a free taco because the Wranglers scored 5 times.  I'm really going to need them to get it together and do it again!
5	Got tickets for $7 each on Groupon, but even at $14 regular price it would still have been a good value. The quality of hockey was great. 6 goals, a couple fights, a penalty shot, overtime, and a shootout. Couldn't have asked for a better game. Lots of fun events in between periods to keep things entertaining. The arena itself is very nice. It's small, so even the highest up seats are still very close. You'll have no problem following the puck. Go and support a local team. BTW, parking is free. Lots of fun.
5	I'm a season ticket holder for Wranglers games.  I love hockey and the Wranglers provide plenty of entertainment for a very reasonable ticket price.  The Orleans Arena is a nice venue and even the cheapest tickets would provide decent seats.  A fun event for the entire family.
4	The quality of play in the ECHL is pretty good and you can get seats up close for next to nothing. The crowd for Wranglers games can get pretty boisterous and entertaining, and that's always fun. The boisterous crowd might have something to do with the inexpensive drinks. Food isn't quite as cheap as booze (go figure, this is Vegas, after all) but still pretty cheap, especially compared to any major league sports arena.The charity "Chuck-A-Puck" contest is a fun intermission diversion, and damned if I didn't see little kids riding the Zamboni. I don't remember that ever happening at the Brendan Byrne when I was going to Devils games as a boy.The Wranglers also get a lot of attention for their quirky promo nights, like Dick Cheney Hunting Vest night (orange vests reading "Don't Shoot, I'm Human"), Regrettable Tattoo night and their 11:59 midnight games. But the Orleans Arena is plenty fun whenevs.
5	Who would have thought you could watch hockey on ice in the middle of a desert and have so much fun? I'm not a huge hockey fan but do love watching games in person. The Wranglers are a top notch team and play a very aggressive game making it a near blood bath every night.We get discounted tickets from one of our local rewards programs but even at full price its still a cheap night out and worth every penny.They run a blimp between periods and drop gift items and if you want one of these things you will want to be sitting somewhere in the middle ice seats; our seats were always behind one of the goals and the blimp never ever came anywhere near our seats. After the 2nd or 3rd time of this I just broke down and bought my GF and I t-shirts so we could take home a physical keepsake.
3	These guys sure do try,but sometimes (most of the time) I go see them they are outplayed/outhustled by visiting teams. Not sure if this is typical, but I have seen them a handful of times and only witnessed them win once a couple of seasons ago (against Utah).Perhaps I am going to the wrong series or I am a sort of 'jinx' on them (if you believe in such a thing). Games are cheap and there are plenty of fights -- although one would presume that they would be a lot better at fighting than any visiting player since this is the mecca of fighting and once can throw a rock and hit is an MMA megagym just about anywhere in the valley. I once saw a local news story in MN about a player that was training at the Guerilla Jiu-Jitsu MMA gym in Eden Prairie: apparently he was beating the shit out of everyone on the ice whenever they fought. Players need to show more intensity and energy at all times (not just in the beginning of the first period and the final half of the third and go train some MMA somewhere (e.g., Xtreme Couture, Wand Fight, or Throwdown) to earn more stars in subsequent review updates from this loyal narrator. - E
4	I'm new to the hockey scene, never been a fan until I met someone who is and changed that point of view quickly! I love sports so this fits nicely. The team itself, regardless of winning or losing, always seem to attract a small but faithful crowd. No matter what they say around town, I'm not so sure Vegas could support any pro caliber sport team with attendance like these guys get...but that's another story.Tickets are cheap, concessions aren't too bad and it's a clean venue. They seem to do their share in supporting local charities as well.Whether your a hockey fan or not, 3 years old or 100, get out and support these guys. It's a fun atmosphere, they're not half bad and the venue is excellent. A great night for families too.
5	Had a great time at the Wranglers games on 12/7/12 & 12/8/12!  Been to games there before, but living on the east coast, I'm a bit far away to get to many games.  I was sad the Wranglers lost on 12/7, but the shootout win on 12/8 was awesome!  Always take in a Wranglers game when your in town, and so are they!  Good stuff!  New red/white home uni's look awesome too!
4	I have lived in Vegas for more than 5 years.  Every year since the first year I keep saying I want to go to a Wrangler game, and every year the season comes and goes.  What makes it worse is that my wife is a teacher and gets free tickets from time to time.  We never took advantage of the tickets.  Just recently my team at work have fun days.  This outing happened to be a Wrangler game.  I was was super stoked to finally get out to a game.  My work also provided pre game cocktails as well.  That's what I call a double score!  The game was on a Thursday night.  We followed the signed to the arena.  It seems like a long way to the arena.  There was moving sidewalks and everything.  I was hoping that they would let me take my drink in the arena.  They had a guy telling everyone to either throw away or drink your drink.  We really didn't wait long in line.  They were checking people pretty fast.  I was surprised the arena wasn't colder.  I even saw people in shorts.  The seats were comfortable and the beer prices weren't too bad.  The game we ended up seeing was pretty good and ended in overtime.  We even got free taco coupons because the Wranglers won.  This is a lot fun and I want to bring my daughter to watch a game.  If you get a chance come see the Wranglers, it's a lot of fun!  Cheers!
5	Great place to take your family.  Local team and Local Fun
4	It is New Years Day 2013 and the NHL season is no where to be found. What is a casual hockey fan to do? See a Las Vegas Wranglers hockey game of course. The first annual Indoor Winter Classic to be precise. A game early enough in the afternoon that a young family can enjoy without the little ones getting crabby. A game where it snows indoors at regular intervals. A game that the home team wins with a final score of 3-2. Today was a great time. This is the third game I've been to and each time I have a lot of fun. Whether for todays Winter Classic, the charitable Guns and Hoses game (cops vs fire department in conjunction with the Wranglers), or just a general regular season game. I wish Las Vegas would get behind the Wranglers a little more than they do. They have been around for 10 seasons and have performed well. Maybe if we, as a community, get behind the Wranglers and prove we like this fast paced sport, we can finally get a major league sports team. If you haven't checked out the Wranglers, go. If you have, then you already know what I am talking about. Now get off your computer and go to another game.
5	Love the Wrangler games. They are so much fun and Vegas fans are the absolute best. Not as good as when the Thunder was in town but they are pretty good. Great place for kids and ticket prices are very reasonable. I love when they have the fights, the crowd gets crazy!!
4	Glass seats! SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY!Sooo Santiago and I have been lucky enough to have a friend who give us glass seats to the Wranglers! We love hockey and since there is no NHL this is the best and closest we can get here in Vegas! Theres plenty of parking here at the Orleans, and any where you go its just a short walk to the front door. Upon getting your ticket scanned you either walk up a shit ton of stairs or follow the signs to your seats!Theres typical fare here: cinnamon almonds and pecans(SUPER yummy!), popcorn, pretzels, ice cream, and smoothies (Freakin gross!) and a bunch of other junk food!Taking your children to a Wrangler game is truly a great time! Chuck the puck and the dance cam are some of my sons favorites! Ticket prices are def reasonable and theres a lot of audience interaction during half time!Go check out a Wranglers game!
5	I absolutely love coming to the Wranglers games! Going to see the Wranglers play hockey, makes me feel like I'm a kid again. I am not a big sports watching enthusiast, but I can watch the Wranglers play hockey each and every day. My family and I go crazy over their hockey games!I love how they(Wranglers announcers) get the audience so involved with things like: Being horrible dancers, whipping your hair back and fourth, and booing the other team in sync. Its brilliant! When you can openly yell, mock other players, and make fun of referees while eating nachos, drinking beer, and hanging out with your family, you are in a combination of happy success. My family will be representing the Wranglers for a long time, and can ever hardly wait until the next game!Thanks Wranglers for being amazing!
5	Wranglers are in their 10th year here in Las Vegas. They are a professional hockey team and a member of the ECHL Hockey League. There are formers members who are now in the NHL. The games are fast and fun, and also very entertaining. Great for the entire family. Once you go to a game you are hooked.
5	This is one off the most fun sporting events in Las Vegas!!!  The wranglers are AA professional hockey. They play in the ECHL and are currently the defending champions of the western conference!!!  They are reasonably priced and great for a night if family fun or a night out with friends.   Check the calendar for one of their many unique to the team special event nights.
5	Answer one thing before you read this review. Do you like watching 2 grown men grab each others collar and repeatedly punch each other in the face until one of them just cant do it any longer, while listening to a 60 year old woman behind you scream KICK HIS ASS at the top of her lungs? You can tell the truth... That is some entertaining stuff. I had heard lots about the Wranglers and was told multiple times how fun Hockey games are but let me take a moment and be real with you. I cannot stand watching the sport on TV. As a matter of fact I would rather watch Bob Ross throw down some happy trees than watch hockey on TV. When a friend of mine asked if we wanted to go check out a game I decided that it was time to give in and check it out. What's the worst that could happen? We go hang out with some cool friends and pay absolutely no attention to the game while chattin it up. The complete opposite happened, Hockey live is absolutely amazing, the action is through the roof and man the minute they started fight my adrenaline went through the roof, my 2 year old son that was sitting on my lap almost did too because when those gloves came off we jumped up like there was a fire and he went right up with me. It was too bad this was the last game of the season because I really thought about trying to buy some more tickets.. I think I have a hockey fan deep down inside of me.
5	Love the wranglers.
5	Fun hockey at inexpensive prices. Their front office does great promos that are unique and entertaining. Season tickets for 3 years now. Definitely a great locals event.
5	Best Money spent on a Sporting "Event".   The games are enjoyable and it is the Greatest thing to do in Las Vegas/
5	Bestest bang for your entertainment buck in all of Nevada, or California for that matter.
5	Team needs a new home arena in Vegas for next season. 5 Stars for the Wranglers -10 for Boyd Gaming for being greedy and evicting Vegas' team on such short notice. BOYD GAMING SUCKS
5	Its not an NHL arena, but it is cheap entertainment if you're in Vegas.Don't worry about splurging for the expensive seats.  In fact, my GF and I did that and then moved our way UP to the middle of the arena so we could see the game better.The fans that they have are passionate, and like any minor leage team, rowdy when the fights on the ice break out.Food is relatively cheap too.  Good times!
5	I didn't know it was possible to review a sports team on Yelp, and at nearly dead-last place in the league, the Las Vegas Wranglers should get 1 star from me. Fortunately, I like watching them play too much. Though to be fair, the team has experienced quite a bit of success in it's short history.I have loved and played hockey for pretty much all of my life and upon moving to Las Vegas and finding out they had a professional hockey team I was ecstatic. I have probably been to around 10 or so Wrangler games and have never been disappointed even though the score may not have gone in their favor. The atmosphere in the smaller intimate arena is always great and contagious even though the seats are typically at about 50% capacity. This goes well with the fact that there is quite a bit of fighting in ECHL games.The concessions are standard faire and the prices of alcoholic beverages aren't bad when compared to NHL rinks. Parking is a breeze and getting in and out of games is easy. Be sure to hit up McMullan's Irish Pub across the street after the game for 2 for 1 drinks with Wrangler ticket stub!
5	One of the best Things to do in Las Vegas! service amazing, employee's are very friendly. Entertainment A+, Price A+
5	HIGHLY ENTERTAINING sport! I shall miss them so much! As a lifetime hockey fan I say FOR SHAME on Las Vegas for losing this incredible, worthy team and sport, even for just 'one year'. That is usually lingo for ADIOS permanently by the way. As a native of Denver who lived there 57 years, I have seen 'temporary hiatuses' before. It means the 'Goodbye forever' kiss of death. Good help! I enjoyed the seating which was always excellent and the quality of hockey for the buck too. Orleans Arena is comparable to the old DU Arena at U of Denver, and was adequate for minor league hockey. It wasn't the NHL but it was SUPER for Vegas!
