3	I was really excited when this gym opened, but have been disappointed. There aren't enough elliptical machines 'without arms.' And the few they have, are always saved for their group fitness participants. The classes focus too much on compound movements. They don't have anything new and different...like Zumba or Belly Dancing. I took several pilates classes on the reformer and the room is so small, they try to pack in as many people as they can ($), and you end up bumping into your neighbor. The best classes, are always packed, with a huge line outside. People guard their exercise space like they own the room! So NOT cool. I also don't find the locker room to be anyting special. I found Equinox in NYC far better, with half the space. THAT felt like a spa experience as well as a workout.
4	OK so I just found out that you should join a Fitness Club to work out...Wow who knew??? Weird...We have been members for a while now and although I've worked out here only a handful of times I love the facility. As I mentioned in an earlier review I get my haircut at the Princess well for GREAT hair color Amanda is your girl...She works at Lifetime Fitness. She travels all over the place mostly to New York to work with Models doing hair and make up before photo shoots. She does AWESOME COLOR, she worked at the Princess before Lifetime. Anyhow she is a hidden treasure TRUST ME!Other than that my son who is 12 has a great trainer "Chris Miller" other than being uber cute he has done wonders for my son and is great to work with. He is always on time, and has SO much patience. I'm not a huge fan of the pool in the summer it is like Santa Monica Beach in the summer "You try and find a place to sit down???" but the kids like the slides and I'd prefer Lifetime then the public pool...It is clean, has lifeguards and comfy lounge chairs.I'm all about the fitness can't you tell???
5	I love love love this gym. Mind you I have never taken a class here, they always seem to be packed and I'm just not a gym class type of girl. I just love the huge-ness of the place, all the equipment they have and the people watching. That's what makes my boring cardio sessions go by in seconds. It's like "oh, I'm done already". Not to mention the place is super clean, has a "rock" wall (yayyyyyy!) and I love my after workout smoothies at the Lifetime cafe.
4	So we joined about a month ago-and so far it has been awesome.  I really think it is catered towards children, which I know is not great for some. But having an 8 and 5 year old, it is perfect for us.  My kids love the pools, and my son is obsessed with the basketball court in the child care center.  I love classes, so I am in heaven.  Lots of spinning classes, which are my favorite.  I can get a spinning bike 5 minutes before class starts on a Saturday, which is pretty awesome.  It is just really clean, and comfortable to be there.  I have spent more time there then I thought I would-which is great!
4	I should start out by saying I belong to the LF in Goodyear. It is a great place. 24 hours a day, lots of pools with huge slides. I was a member when it first opened, but had to cancel my membership because it was (and is) too expensive. Over $100 a month for the lowest membership(me, wife, 4 yr old and 6 month old). We have cut spending in other places. It's never overcrowded and there are always bikes or machines open. The outdoor pool is huge. The babysitting is very good also. It would be 5 star except for the price. I have seen 24 hour fitness offering $25 a month. The one on Dysart is just to far away. If you can afford it, it's kinda like a country club.
4	My husband and I joined here several months ago and I have to say we love it. The facility has everything and more one would want from a gym. I love that it is light and airy and is cleaner than other gyms I checked out when searching for a new fitness facility. Classes are good but we have not taken advantage of them all. I like the aqua fitness, especially during the spring and summer when they hold classes outside.
5	This place can't even compare to any other gym. It's hands-down the largest gym I've ever seen. I'm not even a member so I don't know if it's really fair to talk so highly about it. It's got to be at least 100,000 plus sq. footage. Slightly bigger than my apt. After a brief mixup on my tour for that day, I went through with Anne. She was very friendly and nice. AND laughed at all my jokes. Like the one where I said I recently lost 40 pounds...since birth...oh that was a good one. But back to the review. Okay. This place is so big, they have a trolley that takes you to the shoulders area from the deltoids area. I got lost so many times when I walked on my own. Ok they don't but they should. It's a massive room with top of the line equipment on the second floor. Very large free weights area with about twelve bench press areas. They have so many treadmills it's like going into a blockbuster recent release area where they have two gazillion copies--no waiting. Tons of LCD screens every where too. After walking through the machine and dumb bell area, we ventured to the actual hard court area where there were two full sized basketball courts, two racquetball courts, and two squash courts. Very nice. Then we walked over to the rock-climbing area where someone spilled about 600 drums of black licorice on the floor. By the way, did you know that black licorice is an aphrodysiac? It's true. I think "Good and Plenty's" sales have sky-rocketed. This rock climbing is bar none one of the largest this side of Yosemite! At first I thought they were bats, but when they came down, they were people.Now on to the highlight. The pools! One lap pool on the inside, with two enormous jacuzzi hot tubs. I asked her if this was Hugh Hefner's grotto. That's how large they were. Unfortunately no women in them at that time of day. Maybe because it was 107 outside...and then the pool next to it was a gradual entry like a beach that lead to two second story water slides! inside!!! It was just too humid in there for me, so we went outside where there was this gigantic pool that was quarted off into again a lap pool, another water slide area and then a hang out pool. The only thing missing were girls dressed in togas feeding me grapes. I suggested it to Anne, she said she'll look into that for me. Lots of chaise lounge chairs strewn around. I love that word "strewn." or  scattered around and then another huge jacuzzi off in the corner. BUT WAIT, we're not done! There was a cafe adjacent to the pool where you could get refreshments-didn't check if they served beer. The locker rooms were spacious with a cool locker system. The end of the tour took me to the spa, where they had full hair and coloring stations,  two foot massage stations (I told her about my six inch toe nail problem), and I believe they also had  a massage area that was very quiet and soothing.  I believe these are all extra costs. Though I didn't ask. And then she showed me a full sized cafe with refreshments. It was nicely laid out. The only caveat, is the price. It's kind of pricey at $90 a month, and an administration fee which is pricey, but they do offer a month to month contract with a 30 day money back guarantee. I did offer them some SCRIBULZ but still waiting on that deal. If you can afford the price, it's a no brainer. And no I don't work for them. You really have to check it out for yourself.   This is a very upscale place, great service, most every one was cordial, and polite. Extremely clean too. This place is totally kid-friendly. I haven't joined yet, I told her not until they offer the six-pack tanning spray package.
3	I've been a member of this gym for a few years.  It is a beautiful gym.  It's very family friendly, which is important to me.  I do like that there is a spa there also so I can put my kids in the daycare center before getting my hair done.The pool is great, but usually very crowded with kids.  Not somewhere you can just relax by the pool in quiet.The gym classes are okay.  They really could have some new classes to get more members.  I'm getting bored with the same classes.The staff is always nice and friendly.  And the child center is definitely five stars!
5	I've been a member at Lifetime in Scottsdale for 8 months now and I love it.  Great pick up games (best are Saturday and Sunday morning), plenty of weights and machines so you never are waiting around, lots of TVs with an array of programming, good food and a great spa even for guys.  There are a few kids running around but not enough to bother a normal person.  I don't do classes so can't advise there but the outdoor pool, lap pool and hot tubs make me want to stay rather than bail.  The spa is a huge help too - easy to get your hair cut on the same trip and the girls do a great job.  It's not cheap but the whole package makes it worth the money.
4	Day not starting out the way you want?  Fortunately, there is a way to put frustration to productive use.  Gwen.  Gwen the Rockstar Spin Instructor at Lifetime Fitness.  Her classes are Intense.  Insane.  Powerful.  Motivating.  Exhausting.Today the focus was on endurance.  Good.  Turn off the lights and let's DO this!  I just let go of everything that was bothering me, and felt as if I was all alone in the room.  There were probably 50+ other people there, but I didn't notice them.  It was just me, the bike, and Three Six Mafia - "I want to FEEEEEL IT".  Oh I felt it.  Sweaty, tired and happy.  Aaaaahhh.  All better now.  Bring it Tuesday, I'm ready for you...
4	Great place clean....smells funky in showers is the only complain I have.  Rather then that it is a great place for working out.  Staff are friendly and they actully smile.
2	I really wanted to fall in love with this place.  It's located close to my house, I could bike there, it's got a great pool area.  But alas, Lifetime just did not live up to my standards.I joined and I did not go because well, there were just several things about this place that just bugged me.First of all, this place is just TOO big- no sense of intimacy- even with all the fancy granite tiles and nice carpeting- this place just made me want to come- get my workout done- and leave!The class offering were small so every class was packed- people were waiting in line to get in and aggressive about getting the necessary props for the classes.  And the spin classes were so aggressive- I want a good workout- not to start a head banging fight.The staff up front never seemed to know what was going on- every time I asked a question, I get a dull stare back.The locker rooms were dirty and most of the time wet.  It was disgusting to try to take a shower there after working out.And the swimming pool that I was so excited about for my son?  No umbrellas so you are at the mercy of the blazing hot Phoenix sun at all hours of the day.My son couldn't stand to be at the daycare facility either.So overall, there were some serious negatives for me.  There are twi good thing I will write about this place.One is that they have great machines for working out- every type of machines imaginable- all in excellent condition- so if you are into lifting weights then this is the place for you.One is that they do a great road ride every Tues and Thurs morningat at 5:30am and I've met some really nice riders.  Esp. Rick who is so passionate about riding, he's a total inspiration to me.The other is that they have great machines for working out- every type of machines imaginable- all in excellent condition- so if you are into lifting weights then this is the place for you.
1	Run away. I was looking for spinning classes and this place looks so nice that I decided to give it a try. Set up and appointment with a sales rep, Brad and I told him that I had to try the spinning class before enrolling and that I'd give him a call if i decided to join. This guy said that I could not do it over the phone because there were some paperwork to fill out so i did. My mistake was giving this assh my credit card number and my email. After that day I kept receiving junk emails from this place, 5 to 6 per day. I had to email the general manager 4 times before I could stop the junk emails..and of course I let them know I was not going to join the club because the spinning class so the most boring class I ever have attented... if it can be called spinning... anyway the emails stpped for a while and suddenly today I have a charge in my account for $500 and of course im sure fkng Brad got his commision... also they promised 79 per month... probably they have charged me for 2 yrs...Dont go they are thieves and the classes are not worth the money they ask for.
5	Gyms don't get better than this if you are a member.
4	Love this gym! Instructors are awesomeand will push you to your limit. Spinning classes are great! My heart rate is up to the roof with my sweat burning my eyes and running down my chin. I keep telling myself to try other classes but to be honest, I'm kinda intimidated by them. I should really suck it up and just go to them. I mean, there are old ladies joining those classes and are still alive! Pools are  big enough for everyone. You'll also find steam rooms and sauna. Nothing to brag about with the cafe food. It tastes really "healthy." Would give it a 5 star if the monthly charges weren't so high.
5	Love this gym!!!!I have officially become a Gym Rat and mainly do Spin Classes and Barbell weight classes.  Yes, it's a big gym - its like a flipping city its so big - but I think that's what I love about it.  Its big, it's airy and there's always enough equipment there to get a great workout in even after work.I just started with a Personal Trainer because I really want to get these last 10 lbs off and started training with Jake.  He is pure muscle himself so I'm thinking "whoa, this dude definitely should know what he's talking about".  And he does.  After 3 weeks with Jake, he's changed my eating plan, my exercise habits and monitors everything with Lifetime's very sophisticated systems.  I was really impressed.  What impressed me even more?  My arms and legs are beginning to get some cuts in them and it looks like I'm making progress.Then after a hard spin class or workout, I go over the the Lifetime Cafe and get a Whey of Life protein shake and the world is good again.I even started to go to the Lifetime Spa for my hair  - Megan is the best hair dresser there or anywhere - but that's a whole other review.
5	I would liken this place to Chick-Fil-A...they just seem to get it and have figured out what everyone else cannot for some reason.  It's nice, has lots of stuff, has great hours, facilities are well thought out, etc.  What's most important to me is how they do childcare though.  They are so, so good at it.  My son literally cries when we leave and constantly asks to go to the gym.  It's a good motivation actually...
5	best gym in town!
4	I don't think I can express how much I enjoy this gym! It has everything I could ever need and then some. I am on a 2 week pass that was given to me by Mark at member services. Keep in mind this particular gym does not participate in free week passes but when I contacted Mark he was more than happy to give me a pass and he went even further by making it a 2 week pass. He is definitely the epitome of great customer service. This whole place has a great staff from the front desk, to the activities desk to the kids club. My son LOVES going to the kids club. It has a small basketball court, outdoor play area, computer lab, tv, and climbing indoor gym. Although I feel there could be more staff per children they seem to do a good job at taking care of all the kids. The classes here are also amazing. There's a class whenever you might be there. I took a cardio kickboxing and a yoga class. Both were great and I knew I had received a great workout. I haven't had a chance to try out the salon or rock climbing wall but I did enjoy the steam room in the spacious women's locker room as well as the hot tub. This place has an indoor and outdoor pool plus waterslides, towel service, large locker rooms and even a family locker room where you can bring your kids in. There is something for everyone here. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because for me it is a little pricey. There is another gym that has the same amenities and is not as much. If it were a little more price competitive I'd give it 5 stars and join in a heartbeat.One thing I forgot to mention when initially doing the review...this gym has a barbie and ken feel to it. When going to workout it seems most of the people here dress to impress rather than to get in a good workout. Although I will say everyone is in shape so they must be working out. I personally didn't get intimidated by the crowd as I went very often in my sweats (which I got many looks for) but didn't care. I go to the gym to workout NOT to impress anyone.
5	I truly love everything about this company's approach. I know what to expect when I walk in the doors of any location....I've been to 3 of them now and will continue to try more in my travels because it keeps my workouts straighforward when I don't have to take extra time trying to figure out new machines or even locker room set-ups! This location is beautiful and filled with beautiful people, I'm not even exaggerating a little bit! I love the flow of the cardio area and I loved that on a Sunday there was still plenty of space to do all I needed. The music was a GREAT volume (my home location could learn something from Scottsdale on that point) and the dressing area had wonderful large lockers throughout - yay!I didn't try the salon or cafe on this first visit, but I'll be Yelping any other points I come across!
5	This is the best facility of its kind that I've ever encountered -- so good that I have bought its stock, assuming lots of Boomers will find their way to the top-of-the-line fitness experience. I've been a member for more than a year. The trainer I work with is extremely competent and professional. The equipment selection is vast and well-maintained. I get my hair cut in the salon, and I use one of the massage therapists (although this is the facility's only weak spot; staff skills here are mediocre to poor).
5	FIRST OFF GWEN, YOUR A NAZI....!! Gwen is a spin instructor who challenges you at all points. She really is great, I hate you!  Anyone who says that Lifetime Fitness is not worth the fee does not belong to Lifetime. Anyone who says Lifetime is not the best club ever....does not belong to Lifetime. Anyone who says it's a rip-off CAN"T AFFORD LIFETIME. I love the classes, the clientel the trainers. They are all a part of what makes a great health club. The other defacto here is the club is bar none nicer than any other in our state. This is not a pretentious club, this is a club where people come to have a great workout and HELP others to do the same. I really don't want to make a page about Lifetime so please visit this club, look online or ask others who are members. CHAUNCEY only BTW!! I am only speaking of Chauncey.  For those who have a proffesional carreer not only do they offer you classes at 5:30 A.M. but they leave you alone. You are not bombarded with people around you. If you prefer a workout on your own based on your schedule well this joint is rocking 24/7. Can't beat it!!
5	I am a member of the one that is being built in las vegas and i wanted to see what they were like so i got a free pass from the vegas office to go in.  Place is amazing.  Clean and just has everything you would ever think of having at a gym
2	Not worth the money.  I was a member for a few years. nothing special.  Lots of attitude and douches.  Better spend my money somewhere else. I had been a member since 07, due to pregnancy complications I cancelled it for a while and restarted after the twins were born.  Around April 09, I spoke with Andy, one of the Managers about my membership.  He also told me about the daycare.  I had a nanny at home so I didn't need to use their daycare.  He said he would just put the names of the babies in the computer just in case one day I would decide to use it, so it won't take time.  He told me I wouldn't be charge for it.  I said fine.  I didn't notice until a year and a half later that  they had been charging me for this all along.  I call Andy to let him know about it.  He used to be very receptive and always answer to my messages.  Unfortunately, he had been promoted to Regional Manager or something, so he is always traveling.  He didn't call back, so after a week I talk to another guy, I think his name was Derek.  I explained the situation and he said he would take care of it.  I thought it was corrected.  Well to my surprise I was charged the following month again.  I talked to Derek and he informed me that there is a 30 day notice for cancellations and that I could use the daycare until the end of that month.  I was outraged, he didn't listen.  I told him, I was not supposed to be charged on the first place and that I have never and will never use the daycare.  I had a full time nanny for my twins, so I didn't need that service.  Again, he left me a voice mail saying I could use the daycare until the end of the month.  Well, I don't need to go to that gym.  I cancelled my membership the following month.
2	Joined Lifetime Fitness N. Scottsdale pre-opening, December 2006. I terminated my membership August of 2010.I am taking the time to write this review today because LTF continues to market to me as a former LTF member. Between December 2006 & August 2010, (44 months) my average monthly spend for membership and PT was $425.29. When I attempted to resolve a minor service issue with the club's general manager Ray Haizlip my concern was marginalized, Ray did nothing to retain my business. In the end I was seriously under whelmed with Ray's one size fits all, transactional approach to my business and loyalty.Nice facility, impersonal, inflexible, poor value...
4	Beautiful facility, check. Roided out dudes with tatts, check. Roded out gorilla looking women, check.  Older women with bedazzled trucker hats and dragon designed yoga pants and enough make-up to put on a Mary Kay exhibit, check. Countless amounts of  eyecandy with gym shoes to match the skin tight gym attire, check. Quagmire type guys who are hitting on the ladies between every set, check. Wives flirting with their young buff trainers, check. Tons of state of the art equipment and weights, check. Over priced Cafe food, check.  Great pool, cardio, yoga, and spin classes, check.  Priciest gym in the valley for sure at around 90 a month, but looking at the abundance of BMW's and Mercedes in the parking lot, I dont think the crowd up North is to concerned. All in all worth the price of admission :)
5	This place is amazing! I was visiting for a week and worked out here during my vacation. I love this gym. I wish my home town had something this incredible. And ask for IVAN! He was so helpful and gracious. You will feel very comfortable with him...
5	I LOVE LIFE TIME!!  It's always clean  plenty of machines to work out  on  that are in working order!  HUGH VARIETY  of classes to take and keep you from getting bored.  My kids LOVE it too and ask when we are going to the gym.  They also have the rock climbing wall, basketball and Squash courts and outdoor and indoor pool with life guard and a water slide at both.  The out doors  and indoors have a lap pool as well .  The inside has 2 extra large jacuzzi  and of course your steam room and saunas. I personally love the locker rooms they are so nice to shower and get ready in they provide everything you could think of ( just like a 5 star hotel!! )  This place keeps me motivated You Gotta try the Zumba class and Strictly strength class!!!
4	This place is great.  My kids love the play area, the kids summer camp prices are really cheap plus all day!!!  The services are really convenient.  My wife can put our three kids in the free kids play for up to 2 hours.  During that time she could go workout or she could get her haircut (in peace) and get a massage (in peace) all at the facility.  The teens they have running the kids area are really friendly and get to learn the names of the kids they look after.  Parents night out is really cheap and again a fun time for the kids.On the workout front, the machines are abundant and clean.  There are times that it does get a bit crazy busy for the weight machines however, I have never had a problem getting a treadmill or cardio related machine.  The exercise classes are good.This would be a five star rating however, the staff friendliness is spotty.  There is the combination of Scottsdale snotty with  "I am in great shape and barely fit into my shirt" persona to comes off from much of the non-teen staff.  Take special note of the guys that are signing people up for memberships.At the end of the day, for families the amenities can't be beat.  There are many beautiful people to give many of us that extra motivation push through another set and achieve greater progress.  I have been a loyal YMCA and Golds gym member over the years and Lifetime is head and shoulders the best value and the best total package.
5	There is no other gym I would rather go!  I have belonged to many other places and this is the ONLY place I keep going back to.  It is a bit on the pricy side, but if it gets me there and makes me want to work out, I am for it!  Classes - instructors are great! Facility - clean and welcoming.
4	Lifetime has everything and more than you need. The gym is kept up well and has full amenities,  the fitness instructors are top notch, and there is always an open spot for equipment. It is expensive, but with it, if you go all the time. Only negative they don't have wifi on the second level,
2	So I have been a member of LFT Scottsdale for 5 yrs now and have watched the deterioration of the facility. It use to been a very clean place, but I have to say that LTF Scottsdale management (and their HQ) are totally missing what most people want -- i.e. a CLEAN place to work out.  The men locker room is filthy and the showers ... I see people use them, but I wouldn't , except in a pinch.Instead of hiring a real cleaning crew to come nights and really clean, they have their "personal trainers" cleaning the facility .. it really makes me want to pony up $75/hr -- NOT!Anyways - they want to raise the dues on the club - so they called it a "Onyx" level ... whatever - its still really dirty!Oh -- LifePower - I belong there as well.  The air conditioning units have been out for 4 months (they are ordering parts), just in time for winter when you really need air conditioning.  (On a positive note - Life Power is clean!)So -- really if you are looking for a club to work out in its "ok" ... but just warn you its dirty.
5	I was visiting Scottsdale and staying at a nearby hotel that offered free passes to either Lifetime Fitness or Gold's Gym. I went online and read the reviews for Lifetime and made my choice without even looking at Gold's. What an incredible place!I am training for a triathlon, so used the outdoor pool, and the indoor bikes and treadmill.The pool - wow! What a lovely outdoor swim pool. I swam in it twice and had a lane to myself each time. The indoor workout area - huge. No problem finding a free bike and treadmill.The women's locker room - like a spa! The steam room was the best I've ever been in.I have been a member of gyms on the east and west coast, and this place is more like a high end spa. Very friendly staff. I went in three times and I was greeted twice by staff who asked remembered me. Really remarkable.
2	Pros: Gym is close to my home and is in a nice area. Lots of cardio equipment, treadmills, etc. CONS: Trainers will interupt you during your workouts trying to get you to sign up with them. They also call A LOT....got two phone calls yesterday alone from two different trainers. Gonna cancel my membership tomorrow.
1	I just moved from SF to Scottsdale and went to this gym to check it out. I met with a membership person by the name of khieser and all his only motive was to sell me a membership that day. He was a used car sales person working in a gym. I asked him to see if I could try the gym for a couple of days and he said no they don't do that. He lied... Later I checked on there website and they offer a 7 day free pass. Anyways horrible customer service.
1	Lifetime Fitness continues to market to me via snail, email and telephone. When I express my reason for terminating my membership they respond by pitching me with their latest "we miss you" promotional offer to return. In the end Lifetime is just another nobody cares organization. Perhaps the company's CEO - insensitive self absorbed Bahram Akradi needs to climb down from the company Hawker Jet and his 7 figure salary to read a few Yelp* reviews.
5	Love this gym. Has everything from basketball courts, raquetball, lots of free classes, indood and outdoor pool, tons cardio equipment, the free weights go up to 130 lbs dumbells for strongmen like me. There are plenty of hot looking women from early 20s to 50s. Most of the hot women do yoga or stair master.
3	Beautiful gym, more like a resort. Huge indoor and out door pools with slides. The selection of classes is nice but pretty limited to during the week and morning or evening only. I've tried two different classes here. Water areobics with the old ladies and zumba. Water areobics was a lot of fun with great music blaring to get you pumped. Zumba was fun (1st time), but they need to limit the amount of people in class, add more classes, or have in a larger studio. There was so many people in there you couldn't do the whole motion and I felt like I was constantly trying not to get hit or kicked by others in class. Gym has a nice spa area that they give you a new membership discount for but after that the prices are really high.Price for a single adult membership is $51, there's also a hefty joining fee.
4	It's a modern, well-lit, open place, the equipment is maintained, it's not over-subscribed, and most of all, IT IS CLEAN.I used to belong to the LA Fitness at 20th and Camelback, and you can read my reviews to see why I felt compelled to leave. Lifetime is everything LA Fitness is not. Unfortunately that also means it's not close. I gladly drive the 15 miles or so up the 51 and across the 101 to get there a few times a week.The most expensive gym membership is the one you don't use. Lifetime is more expensive than LA Fitness or some other clubs, but keep in mind what you get:-real 24/7 availability-a good schedule of free classes-expanded childcare hours (and the children's area is like something from a dream. Rows of iMacs, a big habitrail, big-screen TV's showing Disney flicks, and actual gym classes for your kids)-pools both indoor and out, both with waterslides. The outdoor pool area is more or less like a resort.-a eucalyptus steam room-access to any of their clubs anywhere in the nation (I also use the one up in Colorado when I'm there)So with these items combined with the fact that my son and I love going there whenever we can, the monthly toll isn't that bad. This being North Scottsdale there is the expected assortment of posers of both sexes. They don't usually seem to get in the way of anything. Also, another typically-North Scottsdale feature is the regular conflicts in the parking lot among the entitlement-minded regarding speeds through the lot and who gets to park where. Gyms are basically temples of self, so nothing surprises me anymore.
3	Lifetime is where a lululemon MILF can go to meet her future filthy cabana boy.  In a club where the female membership ratio is high, the company seems to employ a plethora of mostly young, handsome, athletic men as personal trainers rather than women.  In the short time I've been a member I can only recall only seeing three to six female personal trainers.  I think their criteria for female trainers are as follows: must be fit, must be naturally attractive, preference for late 20's to mid 30's moms or mom-types, no "party girls".  Any female not meeting above can chose to work in either the childcare, activities and/or front desk, or be a lifeguard .  The facilities are clean especially since the new renovations.  It is lacking a tennis court, otherwise it almost has a country club vibe.  Sure the family aspect is central to the club itself, but its more of an afterthought.  We held a birthday party here and the party room was a former racquetball room.  The childcare personnel is great.You can expect group fitness to be full in January and back to school in August.  Lifetime's real mantra should be "SELL! SELL! SELL! because our members can afford it."  Every inch of the facility is plastered with advertising for spa services, vitamins, heart rate monitors, etc.
2	I joined Lifetime three years ago, as a Family membership ($180 pm) a few years ago, like many, hoping I would enjoy working out. I am not a gym rat; it takes determination to walk through the doors.Sadly, during my period there I had numerous issues. Daycare staff were untrained and just kids looking after kids.I play squash, which was one of my main reasons for signing up. Sadly, the courts in Scottsdale were never maintained, and worse, kids play sessions were scheduled on the courts which damaged them.The staff are distant and in many cases rude. They just couldn't care, but I think thats a side effect of a huge membership.On the positive side, the cafe is great and the smoothies are excellent.They also have a beautiful pool, which is great fun for kids.Their equipment is also great quality.Unfortunately when they raised their prices I decided to call it quits. Of purse, once I cancelled they wrote and offered free this and that, but I had had enough, and joined 24-hour fitness instead.
5	Tons of classes and equipment. Indoor and outdoor pool and hot tubs. Great food in the cafe. There are saunas and all kinds of other amenities in the locker room. Can get busy during peak times.
5	We have a family membership at $175 a month. If you are firm and are willing to play the game, you can get no joining fee. After your visit they will constantly follow-up until you're a member. It's was hard to swallow the increase from $75 a month (me, wife and 2 kids camp fees at LA Fitness but there is NO comparison on the facility). If you consider they offer parents night out every Saturday, your about the same you would pay a babysitter for the night and at break even if you use it once a month.  Also, free towels (less laundry) and much wider availability in kids center really makes a huge difference. The kids are very happy and want to go which means I can get a good workout in without any problems.. It is always clean and the staff is amazing.  I am pretty hard to please so that is saying something.   One word of caution, avoid the spa; they upsell everything.  The staff is a different cut from the rest of the facility. After several treatments, and cuts I have stopped going. Advertised prices are never what they are and some of the gals there are rude.  It't not worth the hassle. FYI: They are upgrading the facility this month with even more space, and apparently a bunch of new equipment.  Not sure its needed, I have never waited to use equipment there. Just hope it does not raise the rates even higher.
5	I NEVER thought I'd pay this much ($90/month) but I can't quit this gym! The keys for me are their great yoga classes and instructors (just as good as any studio) and their three lap pools where I can always find a lane.Being open 24 hours a day is wonderful and even when they adjust their hours on holidays, they're workable. At peak times, the parking lot can get crazy, but you'd never know once you get inside because it's so big, you don't have to wait for a machine or a shower. It's very family friendly, which to someone without kids means crawling with kids during summers and other school breaks, but they're not allowed upstairs in the "gym" so it's just dealing with it at the pool or in the locker rooms.
5	Yes the membership fees are high, no doubt but the location is worth it. Huge place, great equipment, I always get a great workout in plus you have never seen so  muh silicone and yoga pants in your life. Great place for Coug hunting, if you got the stones, its like stealing candy from a baby. God bless North Scottsdale.
1	decided to hit me with two months of dues when i moved.
4	This gym really does have it all! The price is a little scary (yes, I pay over $100/month for a gym membership).  But, here's the bottom line:  I GO TO THE GYM! The high quality of classes, equipment, and amenities make me WANT to work out.  My favorite part of the gym is the individual Direct TV access mounted to cardio equipment.  This keeps my ass on the equipment for worthwhile amounts of time!  The only downside I see to the this place is the "sales pitches" that the staff gives new members.  There are also some other pushy tactics involved with a membership like that stupid magazine subscription and email spams.  Both require members to take action to if you choose not to be bothered by them.  Overall this gym is pretty bad-ass and I'm pretty happy with my membership!!
3	Love/hate relationship with this place.Love the fitness classes/hate that I have to get there a half hour early to secure a spot.Love the insane number of machines/equipment to choose from/hate that unless I'm wearing lululemon or a pound of makeup I stick out while I'm using them. (Whatever happened to showering AFTER the gym?)Love the size of the locker room & the supplies within it/hate the RIDICULOUS membership fee that makes me feel like I need to shower there as often as possible to attempt to get my money's worth.I rest my case.
4	Yes, I belong to this gym so I am biased, somewhat. BUT I love this gym. The variety they have with equipment, weights, cardio options (treadmill, elliptical, plenty of pools, etc). The gym is 24/7 with the very few occasions when they have limited hours (never closed) and this is a HUGE plus. Locker rooms are well equipped and feel safe to leave my belongings in (they have built in lock and key)It gets pretty busy in the mornings before "normal" work time and of course after 5pm. I've found going around 8:30pm is great for me because it is pretty dead in the gym.The front desk staff are always very friendly and have always answered my questions.
2	Been members for about a month ... Having buyers remorse...why you ask?     1.even if I'm physically in the shallow pool w/ my son if there isn't a lifeguard we get thrown out. 2. From around 11:15am-4pm   1/2 The child care amenities are closed (tubes, basketball, outside etc) oh and I have yet to see the attendants play or organize the children into any type of activity (not even to read them a book) 3. They decided to change my child's swim lesson time/teacher/day and I really had no choice 4. Today my husband and I came on for our massage appt only to be told we weren't on the books. My husband has very little time off work and was really looking forward to this. They found an appt for a week later at that time but didn't have our name right. And it was of course after the intro offer was over....convenient.  Thanks Life Time.
4	Here's the deal: if you have the budget, this is an amazing gym. If you can invest in a minimum of $100 a month for the membership then you'll have access to one of the biggest, well-maintained, highest quality gyms around. It's actually open 24/7, it has classes all the time, and it has a staff that knows to train people without injuring them. They have a rock climbing wall and some great pools. Then also have the only day care center in a gym that I'd actually bring my kids too. It's got a spa and a steam room as well as a locker room that's stocked with hygienics; you could pretty much live here if they'd let you. Plus, unlike many other gyms, it's really easy to quit this one; just tell them you want to leave and they'll set it up so that your membership finishes the following month. If you end in June then it'll cancel fully end of July. They also have a hold option so that you can just pay $10 a month if you are having a bad month. .However, as wonderful as the gym is, it's not perfect and does have some negatives about it. For instance, it can be VERY difficult to get help from some specific staff members as they tend to be incredibly busy, probably due to having a low amount of staff with such a huge place. I know I spent months trying to get ahold of someone about a membership promotion I'd been a part of and STILL haven't gotten ahold of him. Another con is the price. If you just want the basic access to machines, weights, and most of the classes, $100 is great because you will have properly maintained equipment and good instructors for the group classes (they have to be highly qualified before they can work at LTF). However, there are extras and they tend to get pricey. The final thing that kind of irked me was that you have to pay for an orientation to use the rock wall, a (at the time) $30 fee. Considering this was half the reason I joined, it was a bit annoying.The pro's are tremendous and the cons aren't too bad (assuming you have the income to support paying for a gym at this price). There are other places that are cheaper, and if you're only looking for a place with weights/machines then you should probably go to them. However, if you like great personal trainers, classes, and so on, then I'd highly recommend this place.
4	If your looking for a clean- family like gym then lifetime is the best pick. The price is okay, and all the classes are free! Like other gyms you have to pay for the classes. There is so much equipment at lifetime you don't need to fight for a machine. I've gone different times throughout the day and I was always able to use my machines. The one thing that I think needs changes to is the basketball court. The kid's summer camp reserves one court leaving the other court to others. The other guys come and start a pick up game leaving both courts occupied. Other than that the food/ smoothies are great!
4	This is my gym and I love it. Let me clarify this by saying I love it but not thrilled with the cost. I guess you pay for what you get. This place has everything you will ever need. Stretching area, tons of cardio machines you could imagine, workout machines, free weights, free exercise classes, open area for non weight bearing exercises, and lots of trainers. Oh yea and that's just upstairs. Downstairs has 2 basketball courts, 5 rock climbing walls, racketball court, indoor and outdoor swimming pools with slides, steam room, spa. Plus men's, women's, and family locker room with secure lockers, a great cafe with really good smoothies, daycare, and a spa with massages. What more could you ask for. It's very clean and maintained very well. I've never seen it dirty. Front desk is always friendly and greets you and wishes you a nice day when you leave. I like to go during the off hours so I can get my workout done and leave. I don't like to fight for the machine or get rushed to finish up on a machine. Boom bam and I'm done with my workout. So I love this place but wish it was cheaper. Anyways, if you see me during the off hours then stop by and say hi. I would love to meet my fellow Yelpers who also loves this gym.
4	Really nice gym. Love everything they have to offer. Nice basketball, rock wall, locker rooms, pools, and workout areas on the second floor. The only things that get me about this place is how they are a little disorganized. The rock wall really needs new routes and the customer service leaves a little to be desired. The kids working the cafe need some hospitality lessons. Other than that, it's the best gym around.
3	I don't think I've been to a larger gym ever. This place is HUGE!!!!Interesting observation though, in my two visits to the upper floor cardio and weight room area, I didn't see a single employee cleaning. I also didn't see any trainers either.The place looks a little dated but is a great facility.
4	For anyone who is searching for a fitness facility with the added bonus of a higher end amenities this could be it. Massive amounts of cardio equipment. A variety of classes, indoor and outdoor swimming pools both with slides for the kids. Adults should hit the slide every once in awhile LOL. Two large jacuzzis, suanas and steam rooms in the locker rooms and indoor pool area. I didn't give it 5 stars because LifeTime continues to slowly raise the monthly dues and this facility has no room to add square footage. There are other locations that have tennis courts, indoor soccer courts or more sq. ft. for the same rate or less.
4	@quinterogolfI was showing a friend around my gym yesterday.  When you take in all the great things at lifetime fitness, it is awesome.  They have everything except tennis.  Literally, basketball, squash, racquetball, swimming, any type of gym equipment PLUS Pilates, personal trainers, fitness classes, fabulous pool and swimming lessons.  I do love the yoga options the most!  Great instructors and many classes to choose from!
2	Beautiful gym, but not worth the price! I have no problem with the gym, but the staff on the other hand could maybe undergo more training. No one seems to know anything and I can never get a straight answer. And the monthly fees are crazy and they've just been raised making them even more ridiculous! Thankfully my membership is up at the end of this month and I can go to a more reasonably priced gym, or maybe crossfit?! Hmmm
1	This review is not about the facilities or the experience in using it. I never did. This review is about customer service and bad business practices. I signed my family up in July this year. After a month we determined it wasn't going to be for us. Only my son went a couple of times. I called to cancel the membership, which I was told I cannot do over the phone and I had to come in. Major hassle because I am out of town so much. I went in a few weeks later to cancel which I did but I was told that I would still be charged for the current month, it was the 2nd, and that I would also be charged for the following month. I wasn't happy but that is their policy. So that meant $750- thrown away. I did try to talk to a manager but they were not in the building when I was there. Whatever.Fast forward 3 months and there is a charge on my account from Lifetime! I called, they said they had no record of me canceling and that I would have to come in and do the paperwork again! Again, I was told I would be changed for the current month and the following month. No one in upper management would see me. I just wanted it to stop. I planned on contacting corporate once this dust settled to see if I could get some kind of a refund, but first I wanted to stop the bleeding.Fast forward 2 more months. Yep, another charge. This time I called corporate. They (Corporate) told me they couldn't do anything and that it would have to be handled at the local location. Wow. I went in right away, filled out the paperwork, a very nice guy named Randy helped me out and now I'm told my membership is cancelled and I won't have any more problems. But... I will be charge for next month because of Lifetimes one month cancellation policy. When Randy asked the manager to make an exception they said No! Wow again. Of course I would never ever use this gym again. I write this review only to caution you on what I consider to be a major fail in customer service and the overall lack of discord shown to me. Be careful.
4	The gym itself is the best gym I have ever been to. The amenities that come with the membership are terrific and the amount of workout equipment is reasonable. With rock climbing, basket ball, racket ball and water slides this makes a gym ready for the whole family. The gym offers a child care so you are able to work out and bring the kids. They have many trainers who are flexible to your hours as well. The biggest complaint is when you have a family membership, it doesn't count if you're 21 and up. You have to pay about 90$ a month for the membership which is absurd. Otherwise if money is not an issue, life time is a great gym to join.
4	Been a member since this club opened in '08.  Spacious, with many different options to have an excellent and diverse workout.  No gym really compares on this level, including The Village at more than twice the cost.This would be an easy five stars if it weren't for:1) their cancellation policy - my friends have had to jump through hoops and/or pay a personal visit to have their memberships stopped.  If you can sign up over the phone, why can't you cancel a membership over the phone and email?  And 2) it is very crowded during peak times.  On the flip side, this just means the price is right.  To those who complain about the price tag, think how crowded it would be at HALF the price?Thank goodness they are open 24/7.  If you are serious about getting a great workout: best to go late at night or middle of day.
4	Awesome Gym! Tons of equipment that gets updated every few months or so! Very, very clean! Nice trainers that know what they're doing. Only downside is the price. Just a tad expensive, but worth it if you use the gym 4-5 days a week like I do.
5	I am so happy I finally signed up here! My boyfriend and I signed up for the onyx couples account! I was dragging my feet on this for a couple months because of past gym sales tactics that can be terrifying! But at Lifetime, Dustin was awesome! He was so personable and he truly engineered an effortless experience for us! We showed up, he let's us go work out, my boyfriend used the basketball courts, while I used the cardio machines and weights! Once we were finished working out Dustin had all the paperwork for us to sign! It was such a simple process and he truly made a wonderful first experience! The gym of course is outstanding, not one complaint can hold true for this gym as everything I used was working flawlessly! The courts that my boyfriend used were very kept nicely as well! I can't wait to go and use the rock wall soon! I found my new favorite place to be active! :) thanks Dustin for setting us up! Can't wait to become avid users!
4	Would never join a gym, but been using this free pass for a few weeks over at this location. Seems to have everything that would needed and more. The machines are set up in rows for the different parts of your body which is nice and the hoops court usually has a pickup game in progress. If I was joining a gym though, I would not want guys in full suits trying to sell me memberships. Too much sales pressure, so dress those guys differently is my advice. Eye candy factor is also at about an eight..cmon that is a key factor in any guy's mind right?
5	Best gym in Scottsdale. Has 9 lanes for swimming, tons of weights...rarely wait for equipment. Tv's on the cardio machines...multiple classes and open all day.
4	Nice place..Often very busy.But they have a great sauna,that blasts the steam!!
4	Full disclosure - I hate fitness clubs. So why do I go here? Great question.I've been training for an Ironman event. I have a treadmill and weight machine at home so between those devices and the good old outdoors I'm able to accomplish most of what I'd like to do. I have a pool but it's not long enough for any serious swim training.My swim coach recommended this facility.  They have both indoor and outdoor pools with lane markers and, so far, the other gym members have been respectful of the people swimming laps. While I don't use most of the other parts of the gym everything seems to be clean and up to date.  The locker rooms are very nice. The showers, etc. are clean and there are plenty of towels available. The staff is friendly and if you're into socializing there's a nice juice bar.This place may change my mind about fitness clubs.
4	I just signed up about a week ago and my fiancee and I have been almost everyday since. We consider ourselves gym rats, we are usually there everyday if not twice a day. The little extras go along way. We went to a couple cycle classes and it was so fun. The bikes were all new and in great condition. We didn't have to fuss with wobbly bikes or broken peddle straps. They have clean towels in the room along with ear plugs. The surround system is awesome, they have slide down projector screens with music videos. It was fun and motivating. The weight room and crossfit area( or the playground as we call it) it the best I have seen. All the equipment is meticulously maintained, it's well spread out and there is more than enough machines/weights even during rush hour. We also spent sometime at the sauna and outdoor pool. Has a resort feel.  Only thing missing was a post work out mimosa! I will say it's a bit pricey and the sales process to sign up is a bit much, but overall it's definitely worth it!
1	Absolutely the worst customer service. I had to be put on medical leave and had a note from my doctor which ended up to be a complete headache. They told me the wrong info over the phone for cancellation. When I went into the club they were rude. If you are going to spend the money I would just go to the village. They at least take care of their members.
5	i love ltf
4	I'm back in the gym. I had a personal trainer here last year who whipped me into shape and, after 6 months of back pain and eating, I'm ready to get back into it.. I've never liked going to the gym but the combination of great equipment and eye candy for miles make Lifetime the place I choose to sweat. They can be a bit sales oriented and there is frequent turnover of the staff however compared to the contractual nonsense a typical gym would make you deal with, I can definitely deal with it. I like the salon and really enjoy a smoothie after working out too..this place certainly has everything!
1	Completely over-capacitated! I have NEVER seen a gym with so many people at all hours of the day. I have been a trainer for 30 years, and I joined this gym to do my workout. Every time I go in there, there are no available machines, and the free weight area is even worse.They run group classed and take up 8 dumbbell benches, or 8 power racks at ONE TIME! Who is managing this gym???For $170 a month I am done with them!I will find a gym that I can get a workout in, where I don't have to accommodate their slow times (which are hardly ever).
2	I purchased a 60 day membership from this location, and was somehow tied into an auto renewal program against my request. I was charged over $1,000 over the past months, and I have never used the facility after my 60 day program. The salesman who I will say was very nice, unfortunately led me to believe he was selling me a 60 day membership, had me sign a machine with my finger, without explaining or showing me the actual documents. This is the trick to getting people subscribed to the auto pay. I have called in to get help for weeks, only to encounter terrible customer service, no returned calls, being left on hold forever and rude emails telling me I can't get a refund!!!! I have worked out at numerous Lifetime Fitness locations all over the country, and I have never once had a problem. This particular facility in Scottsdale is obviously having some problems, so take my advice and stay away!! I will update with more details as this situation unfolds. Would be nice for them to take care of this, but based on what I have seen, I doubt it. I will be contacting the BBB next in an effort to get my money back.
5	I am a member of LifeTime Fitness Tempe.  I work out early in the morning.  Today I was running late for work so I had to skip my morning workout.  The Scottsdale location is about 5 minutes from my work so I ended up at this facility instead today.LTF facilities are rated at proprietary levels.  My LTF in Tempe is a gold level.  The one in Scottsdale that I visited today is an Onyx level.  You must pay more to visit an Onyx facility.  How much more is between $20-$30 per workout as I understand it.  Or you can simply upgrade your membership to the Onyx level, but that runs somewhere around $100 more per month (I have  a family Gold membership) from what I can tell.I needed my workout today though.  It's my addiction (well, so is alcohol and television but don't judge me...).  So, at lunchtime I decided to take my chances and see how painful they were going to make my desire to upgrade for the day.  To my great surprise, they did not charge me the fee that I expected.  I think I just got a friendly front desk person.   Technically, they SHOULD have charged me.  And I was willing (somewhat reluctantly, of course) to pay if I had to.  I was jonesing for my fix today.  But the girl at the front let me go in without paying.  It pays to be nice I guess (or in my case, it doesn't pay...lol)....Anyway, I was not expecting this facility to be much different that the Tempe one.  I figured they charged more because they could.  North Scottsdale is infinitely more affluent and snobby (they don't call it Snotts-dale for nothing) than Tempe.  I was wrong.  I won't say it's like night and day, but there were significant differences.  The equipment is much better and newer in Scottsdale.  I mean, I have been working out my entire life (I am an amateur bodybuilder) and there were machines where I had to read the instructions to understand how to use them.  EQUIPMENT: There was a good variety of machines.  I happened to be working back, hamstrings and calves and I was pleased at the choices I had - except for calves.  To my great surprise, I could only find 2 pieces of calf machines and 1 of them (the seated one) was partially broken.  Otherwise, the equipment they did have was newer and worked different angles for each muscle group.  Bravo!LOCKER ROOM: At Tempe, the locker room is quite nice.  The one in Scottsdale is the same AND they provide you with lotion, razors, mouthwash and q-tips.  Those are extra little bonuses not offered in Tempe.PEOPLE: In the middle of the day, I was not expected it to be so busy, but it was.  It was not so crowded that it was uncomfortable, but it was much busier than Tempe.  The people are also in better shape than in Tempe which I found a positive.  People were friendly, considerate and focussed upon working out vs socializing.AMBIANCE: I could not exactly put my finger on it, but the aesthetics of the facility were nicer somehow too.  It was nothing noticeable, but there was a difference.All in all, I was very pleased with this place.  I don't know if it's nice enough to upgrade my membership, but prior to my visit, that option was out of the question for me.  At this point, I would consider it if I had to.  Luckily enough, my wife usually works out with me at Tempe so it's not really a choice I have to make.
1	I have still not found resolution to this matter. I keep receiving requests to pay, even though I did not commit to a membership. I am blown away by this gym, and it really gives all of Lifetime Fitness a bad image....
5	Really cool gym. Has everything you will need to not only workout but for visual entertainment as well ;) I wish there was one in NJ or at least NYC!
4	The atmosphere is hip, several equipment choices so you never get bored, and lots of great classes for all fitness levels.
4	Great facility...almost too big as in 200,000 Sq ft! There is something for everyone and the place is kept impeccably clean. The staff for the most part is friendly.  The dues are a little high however the equipment is top notch. There is even a cafe and a full spa with salon and massage etc...The offerings are extensive including personal training and fitness classes. The club is open 24 hours with limited hours on some holidays.
5	This gym is truly amazing. My husband and I recently got a membership and have a new found love of working out. I have received many emails from the different activity departments and I feel very welcomed here. This gym is large and they have many group fitness rooms. I love Zumba with Melanie! I wish they would schedule more dance type classes in the evening hours, after 6pm. My son goes to the kids care and loves everything they have to offer. There are so many areas we have not finished exploring yet but we are very excited to! I cannot wait to see the progress in my own body for weight loss and muscle toning. I do not feel like an outcast here and can work out without feeling judged. Great gym!
5	Love it here. Great stress reliever after being the chef at four peaks for 13 hours a day.
4	The staff here was really accommodating to is being members of the Austin lifetime. We do however have to pay the difference in memberships from our platinum gym to their onyx.
5	I LOVE it here! This gym really has something for everyone. From traditional cardio and weight equipment to basketball, racquetball, rock wall, and indoor and outdoor pools, no one could ever be bored here. Their cafe is great and they even have a spa. I could live here!
