2	In person, the staff can seem friendly or helpful. But over the phone, they don't even bother. They've called me to show up early only to switch doctors on me. The office isn't very clean. I had hoped to never go back, but they wouldn't respond to prescription refill requests and I had to go in person to fix the situation. First they told me I would need to come in and be seen every three months for my refills, but when I began to question this they folded and gave me my prescription. They seem like they want to force you to have as much done as possible to line their pockets with your insurance (hopefully) money. I'm back to hoping I never need to go back.
1	My Doctor was dr  John Brown he was a wonderful dr. He cared about you he was theperson that held the clinic together now he is gone and I dont have a doctor. I called in aprescription and had to wait 4 days before i received it. machelle the nurse or office gril said i would have it and never got it until  I went to the office, it was blood preasure medicine , i was having  headache and I told her i was out but they did not care.i m looking for Dr brown if any one know where he is let me know, but i will not go back to that place
1	Ok let's see..... I came to this place in JULY. I originally came for my shoulder (possible torn rotator cuff) and a lump on the side if my wrist that made the right part of my hand go numb. I saw dr Irene. She was ok. The wait time wasn't that bad and check out was pretty quick too. Why did I give such a shitty review? Because when it came time to get a referral that's when it all started to go down hill. I was told it would take up to 14 business days to get a referral to an ortho dr and that all I had to do was wait. Ok no big deal. So I get the referral in the mail and I call the office that they referred me to, they don't take my insurance. Called the referral office back and told them that A. They didn't have my wrist on the referral, only my shoulder and B. The dr they referred me to didn't take my insurance. "Ok not a problem we'll refer you somewhere else. Oh and we notice you didn't get you X-rays." Me: "I was never told I had to get X-rays" Them: "oh yeah you have to do that before we can send you a referral." Ok fine. I get to the X-ray place and they tell me they can't find the file in the computer, so they call my drs office and come to find out they had it entered in the wrong way! Really? Who do they have working in the office there?! The X-ray place decided it's not my fault my drs office screwed up so they proceeded to X-ray my parts and send me on my way. I called referral company back to let them know I got them done and they said ok we'll send you another referral. Got it in the mail, called to schedule an appointment and guess what? Right they don't take my insurance! So I call the referral people back AGAIN. Ok we'll send you another referral. Once again, got it and called to schedule the appointment and you guessed it they don't take my insurance! So now were on referral 3 at this point I decided to take matters into my own hands and call ortho drs myself. I found one in 20 minutes. Called my drs office to tell them to send the referral via fax. A couple days go by and I haven't heard anything from the ortho dr and when my appointment is so I call them and they said they never received the referral from my drs office. Ok that's it I'm LIVID. I call the drs office spoke to someone about it and she says "I will do it right now" well here it is TWO weeks later and I get a referral IN THE MAIL for the same damn place they referred me to back in JULY that doesn't take my insurance! I get in the phone with referrals YET AGAIN and ask to speak directly to a supervisor. It's 4pm mind you and they close at 6pm and they woman on the phone tells me that the supervisor isn't back from lunch yet. Really?! Who on this earth takes a lunch TWO hours before they are supposed to go home?! So this last go round with them is why I am writing this review. If you have something extensive please go to quick care. These people don't know what the hell they are doing. Save yourself the trouble I've experienced.
