5	Dr. Corey and his staff a very professional and make you feel that the procedure your getting is no big deal.  Staff helped me with any questions I needed and always got back to me and everyone including doctor Corey look great they don't appear to have had any plastic surgery done.  To me this matters
5	Dr. Corey's office is absolutely one of the best I've ever been in. From the receptionist that greets you, the pre-exam meeting with Dr. Corey's nurse until you get to meet and discuss treatment options with Dr. Corey - everything he and his staff does is top notch. He is extremely knowledgeable about all of the options available for each procedure and which one would be best for my specific needs and desires. I wouldn't hesitate for a minute to recommend him to any of my family or friends - and even though I'm from San Diego and he's in Phoenix, he's worth the drive/flight, whatever!
5	If it was possible, I would give Dr. Corey 10 STARS!!!!!!!  He and his staff are, in a word: OUTSTANDING! From my first consultation throughout the entire process to date, I have been completely impressed with the courtesy, professionalism and expertise I have experienced. I am 52 years old. Only 5 days ago, I had a mini tummy tuck and liposuction on my hips. I was able to unwrap the binder to take a shower after 48 hours. I was AMAZED at what I saw. My stomach is completely flat, and the shape of my hips is exactly what I envisioned... and I am still swollen! I am thrilled now, and I'm certain it only continues to get better after the swelling subsides. I can honestly say that I would feel comfortable wearing a two piece swim suit even right now!  Dr. Corey has an exquisite artistic eye. I HIGHLY recommend him. In the future, if I need any other procedure for face or body, I won't trust anyone else but Dr. Corey. Dr. Corey and his staff guide you through the process, tell you exactly what to expect, and prepare you well for the procedure. They are also very honest about the results that can be achieved. I had my procedure on a Friday. Dr. Corey called me that evening to see how I was doing, and told me to call him any time over the weekend, if I had any questions or concerns. On Sunday, his nurse, Sarah called me just to check up on me. If you are considering a cosmetic procedure, you will be ecstatic with your results if you choose Dr. Corey as your surgeon.
5	I had a very positive experience here. I love my results and the staff was so sweet. I have only had skin care work performed here but if I ever decide to do a surgery Dr. Corey will be at the top of my list.
5	This is the best plastic surgeon in Scottsdale you have probably never heard of because he doesn't advertise; he doesn't have to. God was having a good day when he made Dr. John Corey. He is that deadly combination of dastardly handsome, charming personality and amazing talent. You will absolutely love this man as your surgeon. His work is beyond good. He is one of the most self-effacing plastic surgeons I have ever talked to. Just a warm, wonderful way with patients. I had a breast lift and implant exchange and my results are just gorgeous. Wonderful, caring staff also. Jenn is an amazing nurse. Can't wait to save up my money for my face lift that Dr. Corey will be doing next. I went to TEN plastic surgeon before I chose Dr. Corey. He wasn't the cheapest, but I wasn't looking for some drive-thru Botox/boob job hut, either. It was just slightly higher in price but worth every cent. Bottom line: This is your guy!
