2	Where is he? Where is my uncle? There was a time and a place when I loved Uncle Sam's.. huge tasty cheesesteaks.. wonderful fried mushrooms and zucchini plus some of the best ranch dressing Ive ever had! I would brag about how awesome this place was until I took a few friends there. This place has gone from awesome to chintzy over salted frozen bag fried yuck! Cheesesteaks are super salty to a degree that makes them inedible.. the ranch dressing tastes out of a jar.. and the ex-yummy fried foods seem like they came from a freezer bag. What a real disappointment.. what happened? Change owners? The staff used to be so friendly now they seem they could care less. I miss my uncle.. he used to love me in a very special way.
1	Yes, this place still REALLY sucks! A girlfriend of ours works there so we went to say hi.. while the service was great the food, not so much. Pizza here is horrid.. the crust and the topping were so dried out it was inedible. I ask you this.. why the hell would you need to order extra cheese and a cheesesteak? Makes about as much as sense as a trailer trash woman from Alaska as our next vice president.
3	Great place to stop after work for some pub grub and a beer or two - NOT a destination bar! Very casual feel.The place is absolutely HUGE and mostly empty.Not much else to say...
4	YUMMY YUMMY Cheese steak!!  Their other location seems to be a bit better, but it was still good :)
4	Best Philly Cheese Steak in town.  A large will feed 2 people.  The honey hot wings are really good too.Overall, this is a wonderful "cheap eats" they always have a food specials and drink specials.  They know the economy isn't doing so well and they price the food out accordingly.
3	If it was not for the great wings I would give Uncle Sam's a 2 star.  The wings are great but the other menu items aren't good.  Too salty and/or soggy sandwiches.  I love wings so I do go about 1x/month but usually have to go alone since my wife is not a huge wing fan and dislikes all the other menu items.  If you go with your family for dinner ask to be seated away from the bar area.  On our last 2 visits guys at the bar had a few too many drinks and the f bombs and other curse words along with interesting stories were quite too frequent that it was actually uncomfortable.  Now if I was alone with the guys the stories would have been great but with the 2 little ones with us not so good.  As I said earlier if you like wings give Uncle Sam's a shot.  If you don't stay away.  Price is great too.  For a small salad, 13 wings, a beer or two you are looking at about $10/meal.  Not bad!
5	Love this place. I always get the hoagie grinder and my husband gets the chicken Parm. My sandwich normally makes a great lunch the next day, depending in how hungry I am. This is a Phoenix staple that everyone should try.
2	RU kidding me?  There is a reason the food is relatively cheap.....It's realtively bad.   You know the cardboard pizza that is occasionally mentioned when you talk about bad pizza?  This is an example.  The sauce is the worst....I did however, mark that it was good for groups, as there is always plenty of room....Does that indicate something?...Lots of open space....Uncle Sam wants you....to go somewhere else.There was another area below that asked "Good for" and included the opportunity to say "breakfast, lunch, dinner,"  etc....I didn't mark anything in there as they did not have one that said "nothing"...
1	I am originally from Philly so I appreciate good Pizza and Subs (Hoagies).  I have been going to Uncle Sams for a few years now.  I have usually enjoyed the food and the service was never anything to write home about, but it was never outright bad.  Lately the service and food have been sub-par.  I am not sure why.  It's unfortunate because we used to really like Uncle Sams.  I recently found my self calling the Owner Bret about an especially bad experience.  Even though the entire meal and service was not acceptable, all I asked Bret for was $15.00 back for the to-go large pizza the server jammed in a small pizza box.   The slices hot from the oven were stacked on top of each other (see pic).  Are you kidding me??? Needless to say I tossed the pizza out and ordered another Pizza from Papa Johns for my kids that were waiting at home for dinner.  I figured asking for the $15.00 was reasonable.  Guess not.  Bret declined to credit me the $15.00 saying it was his policy not to give refunds.  Rather he offered me another Pizza.  No thanks.  Guess he doesn't get it ... Its not the money - Its the principal.
4	it's a shame people have been having such bad experiences recently.  i went today because i just read about their bailout deal and it was so tasty i wanted to go back tonight for the reverse happy-hour.  while 1/4 sandwich doesn't sound big, let me bring you to scale: a half-sandwich looks a little over a foot albeit sliced in two and side-by-side.  a 1/4 cheese steak and a 1/2 order onion rings (with ranch!) is the perfect amount.  i'll be going back as soon as i can
3	Went here after a morning of Ultimate Frisbee for some pizza and to cool off...It wasn't bad.  I really haven't been here enough to make a big deal about what was there, but it seemed okay with me, but not enough for me to say "Hey, let's go to Uncle Sam's!"Pizza was pretty good.  Some guys at my table got some fries, but the fries looked like something I could have bought at Costco.Another thing that kind of bites is that they charge for ranch.  I had a ranch-a-holic at my table and he was pretty bummed that they charged.
2	Okay, let's be honest, the only reason I keep coming back is the prices.  Low low low.  For my small family of three, we can eat for less than $20 (not including tip).  I love the cucumber ranch with the fried zucchini.  I always get the cheese steak on wheat.  Great that they have the option to get it on wheat.  My honey and son love the wings.  But that's it about this place.  Service sucks.  Good service is reserved for the regulars at the bar.  We can never get out of here in under an hour.  It's never busy anymore so there is no excuse.  It's very sad.  This place use to be wonderful.  I enjoy being able to go somewhere and watch the game while I eat, but I don't want to be there so long that I can watch most of the game!  Also, the girls dressed in short skirts and tight shirts is getting old.
4	I had just recently taken Uncle Sam's off "Secret Double Probation" for an incident during last Thanksgiving week when the waitress disappeared for about 10 minutes because she was on break. On break, wtf? Take a break when you leave work, do you want to earn tips or not?But lately I found myself going to Uncle Sam's a lot when the Blackhawks were on their way to winning the Stanley Cup. My opinion has turned aroung 180 degrees. The wait staff that I have had this spring has been great, for example, the waitress had the kitchen put all the Pizza ingredients underneath the cheese (Chicago Style) instead of on top of the cheese (NY Style). Not the world's greatest pizza, but it tasted ok. I love the Chicken Parmasean sandwich which fits perfectly on the bread without spilling over, and it's covered in this sweet marinara sauce which makes it delicious. I enjoy their Calzones as well. But who can beat one dollar very cold and refreshing Amber Bocks during happy hour?
2	I guess it's exactly what you'd think it is.  Huge bland portions paired with super sized cokes all the while surrounded by red, white and blue paraphernalia.  Gives old Uncle Sam a bad name.
1	Tried to eat here last night.  Was pretty full.  The hostess sat us in the back room which usually isn't a problem.  We waited almost 7 minutes and i then asked the hostess if we had a server. She said she would find out who it was.  After waiting another 5 minutes no one showed up and the hostess didn't return to let us know she had notified our server. In the mean time the hostess had sat 2 other tables in the back room. I guess business is so good they don't care if people leave. oh, she did thank us on our way out!
3	Why do we go to Uncle Sam's?   WINGS!  WINGS!  WINGS!   ...and lot's of 'em.*juts out lower lip until it protrudes and starts channeling "Bubba" from Forest Gump* - "They've got buffalo wings, bbq wings, mild wings, medium wings, hot wings, suicide wings, honey bbq wings, honey hot wings and honey hot bbq wings....they've got wings, lots of wings, I like wings"Sure we've tried their pizzas and sandwiches, but they're consistently mediocre...at best.  The service can be spotty and negligent.  Occasionally they've had their surprisingly good service at times, but more often than not it's lacking.What does keep us coming back are the wings and a lots of cold beer to wash 'em down. Holy cow, you can even order a platter of 100 wings if you want!  Usually we order a few different types and share.  I love the suicide & the honey hot, the hotter the better!  Mmmmm good stuff.  I'm willing to overlook crazy Uncle Sam's flaws to indulge in some tasty wings, and if the service is slow that night there's always a game on one of their numerous televisions.  If there was a rating just for "wings & beer" they'd get 5 stars.  Too bad they miss the mark on everything else.
4	The wings here are excellent.  The "suicide" heat level is not ridiculously hot, but very tasty and they aren't over-powered by vinegar as too many other places do.  My wife loves the white pizza with garlic.  They are generous on the cheese and the thin crust is very tasty and well done.  Service is always good.
5	I love the hoagies and grinders and wings here.  Also, 'Uncle Sam's Stimulus Package' or whatever they call it is a great deal for happy hour!  It's hard to get in and out for lunch hour though, best to order to go if you're under a time constraint.
2	Uncle Sam's is a local institution, so I'll always be loyal.  I try to make it to the original Shea/32nd St. store whenever possible, though.  The Scottsdale store often makes me feel taken advantage of.  See, the thing about Uncle Sam's is that it started out as a kind-of hangout for high schoolers.  Which explains the haphazard atmosphere, service and menu.  But the food was great and service was efficient and friendly; so the kids just kept coming over the years and now have gotten their kids and grandkids on board.  All the good stuff is pretty much still there at the original location.  The casual attitude often turns into neglect at the Scottsdale store, though.  Resulting in sloooooow service, no refills and food that's cold by the time it gets to you.  So unless I'm right nearby, I usually steer toward the 32nd St. location when that cheese steak craving hits.
4	Philly Cheese, Please!If you're like me, you're not wearing any pants right now. Also, if you're like me, you have a few places you frequent where the food is good but not perfect, and the service is fine, but not amazing- and yet you still like the place.That pretty much sums up Uncle Sams. Imperfection meets comfort food and consistency. While UCs is not a first date spot, it's a great place to grab a lunch with a buddy, co-worker, etc. I usually get the mushroom cheese  steak, with fried mushroom & zucchini appetizer. I'm not sure who invented beer battering veggies, but I want to hug him/her. Pretty much- if it's fried at UCs, it will taste good!On my most recent visit, the service was just outstanding. It was weird how good things went, much like going to Target and getting Nordstrom's style service. Drinks were always full, plenty of napkins, etc. It was refreshing because I often dial my expectations down at spots like these, where you're not there to be pampered.In closing, Uncle Sam's is a good spot. Is it amazing? Nope. Life altering? Uh uhh. But it is good, consistent, and recently had terrific service. Sometimes that's just enough to make for a good outing.
5	I go there several times a week and I rarely have a problem.  I think I have had pretty much everything on the menu over the past 8 years and its all good.  Thanks Gloria, Lance, and Derek for the great service.
1	After a meal where my husband was served the wrong thing, my three year old son was burned by a faulty flood light in front of the restaurant that had exposed wiring and was wrapped in duct tape. He suffered second degree burns and ended up in the Arizona Burn Center because of his injury. The manager/owner of the restaurant called us back, but did not apologize. HIs response was that I should "teach my kid to not touch hot lights". Ok, well you should learn customer service and building maintenance you jerk!  Here's the entire story on my blog http://wp.me/pEqK4-gc. If they are so callous about service and maintenance, imagine how they are handling your food! My advice is to stay away from Uncle Sam's at all costs!!!!!!
4	Very good for what it is- cheap, tasty bar food. Everything on the menu is fried and/or covered in cheese. I like to wash it down with a $5 pitcher of Blue Moon during happy hour, kick back, and wait for the inevtiable stomach cramps to arrive. It's a good pain.
4	Love the cheesesteaks. Grinders and hoagies - great sandwiches.Pizza with excellent melty cheese (request pizza well done -sometimes can be soggy). Ice cold beer - and wings done right.
2	I remember going to the original location in the early 90's. Same scary decor, just a different location, Wanted to grab a few wings and get our 'fried' fix.  They are just o-kay. Nothing special whatsoever. It even looks like the wings are assorted sizes. Some are meatier and some just downright puny.  Our server said they are known for their philly cheesesteak sandwiches, so we got one to share. It was tasteless and as dry as the sahara desert.  The meat was shredded cardboard and the bun was straight out of the bag.  The cheesesteaks at Corleone's (a fast food joint) are light years better!The only thing that's good are the onion rings...(MMMMmmm) and cheap beer, if that's your thing.
3	Awesome happy hour prices and everything fried you can imagine. Except animal testicles, they don't have those. :(
4	I am being gracious with this review because of the bailout menu. Everything on it is less than 4 bucks. So if the food isn't stellar it's okay because it's cheap. And their hot wings are yummy for sure!
4	Love the cheesteaks and hotwings! Cant bring myself to try anything else and regret it. Everyone knows what I mean :)
1	Wish I could give negative stars.Called ahead to verify they were open for business, was told that "everything was warming up", but yes, they were open.Arrived at 9:36, left at 10:01.My g/f waited at least five minutes to be seated, while I went to use the restroom.Also, your waitress took my g/f's order and brought drinks, but never came back to the table after I came out of the restroom. And my g/f said the waitress wasn't even in her uniform yet, and changed after she took the order.Never received the appetizer, never had my order taken.Seriously, get some softer fucking toilet paper and paper towels. That's a really chickenshit way to make more profit.
5	Stopped in last night for a beer, wings and a cheese-steak and once again I wasn't disappointed.The heat level of the wings is probably one or two notches above most wing places so be careful, their medium is most peoples hot.The cheese steak is just like being back in Philly, in fact, no restaurant I've been to in Phoenix Metro serving these denizens of bovine delight comes anywhere close.I even got to watch the NBA finals on one of their many tv screens.Its always a good experience, the servers are friendly, motivated and quick to respond.A meal (18 wings, 4 pints of Blue Moon and two cheese stakes was in the mid 30 buck range.This is one of the few places where you can order your wings extra crispy and they actually arrive extra crispy. I love this place.
5	I'm giving 5 stars for the freaking awesome happy hour specials for beer and food! I mean where can you go for $4 pitchers in North Scottsdale??? I can come and get my drink on and some pizza and not be broke at the end which is a common occurrence in this area. Great pre-gamer for the night!
4	I think it really depends on what you order here. The wings are of the soggy kind, not the crispy, which I prefer. The pizza also looked average. Can't comment on the drinks since I can't order them yet.However, I am a big fan of their cheesesteaks. They're pretty big and reasonably priced. I always get either a mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions or a cheesesteak hoagie with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. Good sides have included standard fries, fried mushrooms and zucchini, cheese steaks, and even chicken tenders for the lol.I think it's a good place for groups, and I've always been able to get a table. I've come for dinner and late at night, and takeout is always pretty quick.
3	I will always be loyal to this place. I have been coming here for 8 yrs and like all things it's not the same. Service at this one is below expectations and the food lacks the care in preparation it used to get. I get carry out instead now because service has changed from friendly and fast to indifferent and slow.  Wings (good), cheesesteak (ok) but not what it used to be and much more expensive for less,  pizza (no).There are so many places to eat in this area that you should expect a better dining experience for your dollar.
4	The happy hour is  'not to be fucked with'I got out of there with a $7 tab.Find the "Bailout Plan" menu, order 1/4 cheesesteak.Enjoy!
1	I think I actually 'hate' this place. Strong words. It started many many years ago when my dad had me pick up an order here for carry-out. They forgot to make half the order and when I came back to get it - they didn't apologize for over-charging me, about forgetting the order or seem to notice I drove back to get it. I sat waiting for the order for. ever. Forgetting to include food in a take-out order happens, it's a simple mistake, I get it. But they didn't respond appropriately, in any way at all, just kind of stood there like "soooo does this mean you want us to make it now...err...maybe?...well....hmmm.." My dad actually called the manager when I got back - the second time - and he didn't offer an apology or remedy the situation. The food is just awful. I save the word "mediocre" for frozen wings, pizza & subs from the freezer section - Uncle Sam's is not worthy, it's gross. If my review isn't enough to warn you to dine elsewhere, maybe the state's health inspection review is - How bad is a restaurant that actually needs the government to tell them to get rid of roaches? http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDownAA&permit=FD-05575&business=Uncle%20Sam%27s%20Restaurant&address=10520%20N%2090th%20St"OBSERVED TWO LIVE ROACHES PRESENT UNDER EQUIPMENT IN BAR. HAVE LICENSED PEST CONTROL PERFORMED UNTIL PESTS ARE ELIMINATED."
4	I ordered the 1/2 chicken sandwich and it was like a foot long sub and damn good. I assumed it came with "pizza sauce", as I guess I misread the menu. It was pretty plain with just chicken and cheese, but I went to the counter, got some sauce, problem solved.
2	I don't know if my feelings would be as strong as Ester J's. I haven't tried the bailout plan so I can't comment on the positive review given by Chris P. What I can tell you is that cheese steak is horrible. The bread is soft, and anyone who knows cheesesteak, knows that the roll is vital. It has to have the correct taste and the perfect chew. Moreover, the steak itself resembled ground beef more than a cheesesteak. The cheese was nonexistent. The sweet peppers were not sweet, just bitter.As for pizza, it is your basic bar pizza. It can't rival a bar pizza like the Rainbow Room in LA. Its a bar, and the pizza is okay, flavor not so bad, pepperoni is packaged, cheese is not pure whole milk mozzarella.There is nothing wrong with going to Uncle Sams. It is what it is.
3	Eh, just alright.  The honey hot wings were decent, a little crispy on the outside, but some of them were dry on the inside.  Onion rings and fries were good.  Had some cheese steaks, which had a big portion of meat, and included onion, hot and/or sweet peppers.  Although portions were big, the cheese steak itself tasted bland, and it was even hard to taste the cheese in the cheese steak.
3	Good food, service is spotty, bar has a weird feel but they have the closest thing to a Pittsburgh hoagie that I can get so... yeah.
4	A friend of mine introduced me to this place several years ago before I moved here.  Since I moved here, we've dined here three times.  It's a fun, casual place to take your family and enjoy bar food.  Here's a breakdown of what I've had:Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich (Whole, $14.95) - Really good.  The Bread is decent and the Whole sized portion is enough for 2 people.Uncle Sam's Special Pizza (18" Large, $23.95) - It has virtually every topping on it.  Because it's crammed with toppings, it tends to get a little soggy even if it's ordered well done, which is how I order it.  Flavor is pretty good.  We always take a few slices home and it heats up well for leftovers.Wings (Baker's Dozen, $7.95) - Our friends don't like the really spicy stuff, so we always order the Medium spice level and the Spicy on the side.  The Wings are really good.  Always served hot and they break away from the bone well.  The Spicy sauce isn't too Spicy....I like spicy food, so it's about average for me.Large basket of Fries $3.23 - Decent sized basket.  Can serve 2-3 people.  Average flavor, reminds me of Wendy's Fries in terms of size and style.Large basket of Fried Zucchini $4.95 - Can serve 2-3 people.  The flavor is average.  Always served hot and crispy.  I've never had soggy Zucchini here, which is a pet peeve.The restaurant has plenty of seating and can easily accommodate a large group.  During one visit we had 8 people and it was very comfortable.  The Happy Hour here is pretty good, but I've never been able to try it because I'm always working.  The wait staff is young and relatively inexperienced, so you have to stay on top of them...however, that's to be expected in a restaurant like this.Overall, we enjoy this place and will definitely return.Return Factor - 90%
5	My so-called 'life coach' called last week from jail asking if I'd come down and throw his bail.I knew something about the guy didn't smell right when he told me I could turn vegan by simply limiting my diet to beer and Cheetos. What an asshole.Anyway, I'm at Uncle Sam's when he calls, mainly because they have cheap beer...their 'bailout' plan as it's called.I call it my vegan plan.Sixteen ounce Coor's and Miller light drafts for $1.25 every day from 3 to 7.Dos Equis Amber for $1.50.Loosely translated, this means I can throw back ninety six ounces for nine bucks, putting me squarely in the .0143  B.A.L. range.If I extrapolate these figures over the course of their four-hour happy hour, I figure I'm around thirty bucks in for around two and a half gallons and a solid .30 BAL.Pretty righteous, eh?And the food.The philly cheesesteak is my favorite, followed by one of the white pizza's and a dozen (actually 13) crispy hot wings. It should be noted at least one of the 13 is from a chicken who looks like it may have been a troublemaker, the farmer hobbling its wing with a hammer or something.Anyway, the guy IS my neighbor, so it's the least I can do to bail him out. But i am firing him as my life coach, the little prick, and I'm also demanding his parents pony up the three hundred on his bail.
4	The happy hour is unbeatable.  A premium pitcher for $6 (Fat Tire) or a domestic pitcher for $5.  They also have good happy hour food prices and a strong variety of options.  The waitstaff is willing to split checks in a variety of ways (for example, each person on the bill gets 1/3 of the pitcher if it was split 3 ways).  The pizza is so good that we order off the plentiful food happy hour menu for it.  The pepperoni's on the pizza are always crunchy.  Yeah buddy!If you are lucky enough to have Kelly as your waitress, she will be attentive, friendly, and will split the check a variety of ways.
1	I cannot believe they are still in business.  1st time I went no one waits on you finally they got me a flat beer then a tough filly cheese steak with hunks of uneatable fat.  Complained refused to go back finally after a year I go 2nd time the steak was fine and cold fries no napkin no fork no dish begged for a check takes them a long time to make change can't  count shorted me a dollar thats ok I tipped them anyway.  Wen back again 3rd time took a while for the food bar mades were talking with more important friends then the customers took a very long time to get their attention.  This was officially my last time there ever.  My friend went about a few months ago got seated and never waited on so he walked out the greeters did say "thanks for coming see you soon."  They got that part down.  If at all cost avoid this establishment unless you are a friend of theirs they will spend time serving you correctly.
3	I come here when I need I need my fried mushroom fix.  I think they buy their mushrooms because when I get a large mushroom, the inside is still frozen.  The good thing is that they are not stingy with their ranch...very generous.  Hubby usually orders the philly steak - they're just ok.  Chicken wings are large and very good.  Service is always good.  Overall, its an ok place, not outstanding.
3	Uncle Sam's has a pretty good happy hour.  Be advised that bottle beers are not on Happy Hour.  What is nice about them, they have a little of practically everything.  They have sandwiches, pizza, burgers, etc.  They have 6 beers on tap, one of which is Fat Tire.  The servers are usually pleasant and we get fast service.  It doesn't get too busy here.
1	I went there tonight, but sadly this Scottsdale location is out of business.
1	CLOSED :( They're gone..gone..gone
5	Great cheese steaks!!!! Service is on it. Was impressed enough to take my boss to experience the goodness. Keep it up.
3	So, Uncle Sam's is gone.  Too bad, because the food wasn't that bad.But in life, as they say: "As one door closes, another one opens."  See below:"Portillo's, a much-loved Chicago-area restaurant that specializes in Italian beef and hot dogs, is moving ahead with plans to open its first Arizona locations in Scottsdale and Tempe."Company spokeswoman Patty Sullivan said Portillo's is in the permitting process with Scottsdale for plans to open a location near 90th Street and Shea Blvd. in February. [Reported in AZBEX June 1st]"Portillo's also plans to submit permitting papers shortly for a location at Tempe Marketplace, near the Loop 202 and McClintock Drive. Sullivan said the company hopes to open there in August of next year."We are continuing to look for areas in Chandler," Sullivan said."Portillo's specializes in Chicago-style hot dogs and Italian beef, but also offers made-to-order salads, burgers, cheese fries, desserts and beer."Company founder Dick Portillo said in January that each of the new restaurants would be at least 7,000 square feet and must have a drive-through and ample parking. The new locations would be built, as opposed to moving into existing space"This is the first of four restaurants planned by Portillo's for the Arizona market"http://azbex.com/portillos-hot-dogs-to-occupy-former-uncle-sam-space-in-scottsdale/ Wow, four Portillo's in AZ.  Nice!
2	My wife and I couldn't be more excited!  My wife is from Chicago and we go back to visit there from time to time.  Each time we do, we go to Portillo's.  I'm not a huge hot dog fan but I've never eaten a better dog.  My wife loves the Itallian Beef sandwiches there.  We've struggled here in AZ to find anything that compares like, Luke's and some other Chicago Style food joints but couldn't be more excited to have Portillo's in our own backyard.  Oh yea, you have to try the chocolate cake!
1	Walked in with my hungry, thirsty children. Waited in lobby for a hostess to seat us for 7 min. Mind you, there was no one waiting other than us. When we finally do get seated, we waited for another 10 min. We finally decide to leave when the server says 'oh, your leaving.' When I said "yes, we are, you took too long." She replied "well I was over there arguring.." I didn't even let her finish, because that's exactly what we wanted to hear.
