3	"Ol Blue" passed her nine year inspection without having a tube stuck up her rear.  She had passed her seven year inspection and I didn't expect any problems.  After all, she had had her stomach pumped, her joints lubed, all of her arteries replaced, her belt replaced, her shoes replaced and rotated, her blinders with cracks replaced plus survived a left rear leg cosmetic mishap.I corralled her into a line with four other horse and buggys while she waited patiently as the heat started to rise in the early morning.  When her turn came I handed the ADEQ gentleman the ticket and was told to stand in the booth while he checked her pedigree registration, her intake, her cranking, her running lights, her malfunction indicator and her connector integrity.  Luckily, she wasn't exposed to an evasive physical exam that would have made her strut her stuff.  Why push her in her old age?Yippee "Ol Blue" is OBD Compliant and should be good until year eleven unless she follows "Big Orange" and "Brownie" to the glue factory before then.
5	We were in and out in less than 5 minutes. Amazing service and completely hassle-free.
3	One of our cars needed an emission inspection recently and we came here on a Saturday afternoon.  That's right!  Saturday afternoon!We had three cars ahead of us, and after a short stay inside, we gave our small contribution of $27.75 to Gov. Brewer folks at Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) and we were on our way.  No fuss, no muss.Nice!
2	Vehicle Emissions testing is a necessary evil. So every year I bring the three family cars to the station. This year it took what seemed like 2 minutes for my 1999 and 2001 cars to go through the grind. But there seemed to be a problem with my 1993 Mercedes Benz. It took about 20 minutes of testing on those insane rollers. Later, my mechanic told me that they are not supposed to put that model car on the rollers, apparently this shop didn't get the memo. The guy at the shop asked me if the car was rear wheel drive. How about having this stuff computerized based on the make, model and year or even by the VIN number as to how to properly test each car. They even checked out the undercarriage with those security mirrors you see being used at military check points. Talk about overkill. I don't know if it's a coincidence that my air conditioning started blowing out hot air after the test the last two years I've been using this facility.Yes, my car passed, or they were so incompetent that they passed it to get it out of the facility so that the considerable queue behind me could get tested.
5	Came here to get an emission check. Everything was fast, service was good. No complaints. Good place to go get your car's emission checked for vehicle registration.
3	As much as I disagree with e-check I'm usually here and gone in a relatively short period of time.  My biggest issues are signage, which lane as I supposed to be in?  and someone telling me what I'm supposed to do if I fail.My last visit involved a rather old Jeep.  If failed, I was told go around to the side, park, go inside and someone would assist me.  I'm sure that would have happened, eventually.  I actually had to open the door to the test area and ask for help.  I was shown what failed and proceeded to fix the issues and was retested the next day ( at no charge :)  ) and passed.It would have been nice had I not been forced to wait until I asked for help.
4	Great location to check your carbon footprint and do the global warming / global cooling dance. It is mandated that you get your vehicle tested once they turn 5 years old or older so you can then shell out some serious ducats for a new shiny sticker.I have been to several locations throughout the valley with company vehicles as well as my own and this one so far is the best. My older Mercedes turbo diesels were like a couple of mosquito foggers and no longer could bare this "do si do" and they were happy to let me know. Sadly I miss my 300TD and 300TDT built in Stuttgart with over 2 tons of bulldozing madness. Auf Wiedersehen!I arrived at 4pm and was out the door in 10 minutes.  Maybe I just got lucky this time but they say luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Good luck and hope your ride passes with flying colors.
5	For under 28 dollars they got me in and out in a matter of 10 minutes, smog check completed...  Holla!
2	The crazy State of Arizona has this stupid rule that you have to get a smog check from one of their ADEQ centers (Arizona Department of Environmental Quality).  Well, I took one of my cars there to go through the tests....it failed because the Service Engine light was on....what?!  Why?  What does that have to do with anything?  Ok, so I go to a mechanic and he fixes it and resets the light.  3 days later, I go back to the ADEQ center and it fails again!  Why?  Because they said that the computer in the car is "not ready"....what?  What's that?!  To get an answer, I have to park my car and go inside an office...out comes a manager and he says that the computer in my car is not "reset and ready" and so I have to wait until it is before I come back.  Perplexed, I asked..."how will I know when it's ready"?He says..."I don't know, ask the mechanic".I say..."wait, I have to go back and ask him when it's ready"?He says..."well, that's the only way you will know for sure.  The other option is that you drive around for a few days and hope that the car's computer is ready and then bring it back in for a test.  However, if it fails again, you will have to take it to a location in downtown Phoenix and have a mechanic check it out...it's not convenient or cheap".I leave extremely frustrated and angry.  Smog Checks are a scam.Return Factor - Unfortunately, I'm forced to do this every time my car registration is due...100%
5	in and out in under 5 mins wow ! though I got there early about 930 am so go figure on a Friday. Its a bit tricky got lost on the north sight blvd loop around. after a 30 min drive time from fountain hills and not feeling good so happy no line. dont miss the e evans turn it comes at you fast.
4	Best time to come here is either right after they open or come right before they are going to close.  If you come during lunch time, you'll be waiting anywhere up to 30 minutes.  They accept either cash or credit card, not sure about check as I've never pay with one before.
4	Well, getting the notice that you can't renew your car registration until you get an emission's test is never fun. However, at least ADEQ makes it as seamless as possible! You pull up, grab a number and wait in your car in line until it's your turn. Once it's your turn, they have you get out of your car for a quick minute while they check the car, then you pay, you (hopefully) get approved and you're on your way! I like this location because it just a couple minutes away from the DMV so after my emissions test, I stopped by the DMV and used their automated system to renew my registration without having to wait in line. The emission's test process took no more than 10 minutes and I think it was considered a busy day. Emission's tests cost $28. Yes, even the emission's testing deserves a Yelp review!
1	Absolutely terrible. The overweight, ugly, disgusting 'manager' of the store - I couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman - sees that my check engine and ABS lights are on because my sensor chip in my car is messed up (note: The car is just fine. I take it to a mechanic every 3 months or less), and STILL charges me $20 without even conducting the full test. In fact, she knows it's going to fail the whole time and does it anyways.  This place is a scam and this location in particular - I'm filing complaints with all of the offices, both written and verbal (ADEQ) and I hope that this location in particular is shut down and that the 'manager' (who didn't wear a name tag, which is either out of shame or the sure sign of a scam) is FIRED.Private functions need to replace all State functions within the next 5 years. Scottsdale, we can be first - let's kick public industry out of our city.
4	Vehicles newer than 1981 must be tested every two years. I fall into that category, so off I went to get my "check-up". This location is close to work and easy to find. Luckily, before you go, you can view the wait times online. When I arrived, it took less than 15 minutes total to get in and out. I've gone to other stations that have taken much longer, so I was extremely happy it was so quick. The employees working were nice and made the entire experience pain free. I won't say I'm looking forward to going back, but I won't be dreading it either.
