4	This was the meet up spot for the wedding part during  my  best friend's wedding in Las Vegas. It was the perfect spot to chat and linger with everyone, and surprisingly a nice, quiet "island" in the busy Paris Casino. The only thing all of us noticed was that drink prices were quite overflated - but heck this is Las Vegas, it's to be expected.  Either way a great time was had :)
5	Absolutely fabulous restaurant! One of the best of the best I have ever been. The service was impeccable. We can't wait to come back next time we are in Vegas!
3	I hear this place rocked, on par with Mandalay's Burger Bar - but different! So I had to give it a try, because Burger Bar is awesome!They have a Burger, Fries and Drink combo - Sweet!Note: If you show your players card, you get  $1 off , WOW a whole dollar. I love how the entire menu has a special blue column for "Players card" pricing and everything is just $1 less then the original price. They should just put a note at the bottom of the menu instead of repeating every price. Burger: I opted for the Lamb Burger. Cooked perfectly, it was delicious. I ony made it through half, it was so big. I wish it tasted like lamb instead of beef. The lamb flavor was so distinct, it was easy to miss.Sweet Potato Fries: PERFECT!Milkshake: Banana, Mmm! Best ever! It looks small but this sucker's huge!I would definitely return but this place would not be the first place I visit. More of a I have extra time and already went to all my fav's, now what? Place.
4	We were looking for a Banana Split for Dinner!  Ok... like you've never done it!  We stopped at several places on the strip,  but no Banana Splits.  The stop at the Paris Brasserie didn't have what we wanted but had so many options!   We ordered the Fondue and 3 other desserts. The service, the presentation and the view were exceptional!   Great place to meet and get a sugar high!    And if you fine the Ultimate Banana Split....please let me know!
5	We dined at this buffet and our pants unbuckled.  They have something for everyone.  Desserts galore and their coffee was delicious.  Our cups were kept full.  I would definitely go back wearing stretch pants or a dress.
