5	Today I had an appointment for a "cake tasting" (for the wedding) with Julia Baker Confections.  I had no expectations going in and didn't really think too much about a cake at all prior to today.  I didn't do any research, I just went with the flow.  Jared opted not to participate, so it was just me, my mom, and our wedding planner.  I was super impressed from the moment i set foot in Julia's office.  Not only did Julia herself greet us at the door, but the cakes on display were like pieces of art!  I learned about her business as I admired the cake creations and luxury chocolates that surrounded me.  Not only was everything incredibly breathtaking to look at, but I didn't take one bite of anything that I didn't absolutely love!(Yes - the wedding diet was on hiatus during my visit with Julia today!)I sampled the passion fruit chocolate and it was amazing.  My mom commented that the caramel truffle she chose was like an orgasm in her mouth!  Then it was on to the cakes: we had the white traditional cake with raspberry gelee and swiss meringue buttercream filling and american buttercream frosting, the chocolate cake with chocolate ganache filling and chocolate ganache frosting, and the red velvet cake with sweet cream cheese filling and american buttercream frosting.  OMG - divine!  All of it! (And I don't even consider myself a 'cake person.')I won't say which one my favorite was but I will say that Jared loved the same one I did when I brought him samples later in the day.  Our guests are in for a real treat...Since our meeting, I did some research only to learn that Julia's sweet creations have garnered her notoriety as the "Chocolatier to the Stars" and singer/songwriter Alicia Keys has called Julia "breathtakingly talented." Among the many celebrities Julia has made chocolates for are Bono & U2, Paris Hilton, Jennifer Aniston, and Britney Spears.  None of this surprises me, other than not understanding how Julia keeps her girlish figure while she's surrounded by sugar and amazing fresh ingredients 24/7!I am so excited for Julia to create our wedding cake!  If you're looking for a custom creation made with passion, check out Julia Baker Confections.
5	I had one of Julia Baker's petal cake at a New Year's Eve bash two years ago. The chocolate cake was truly the best cake I have ever eaten in my 39 years of life. It was a beautiful masterpiece to look at and almost a shame to disassemble to eat. The chocolate leaves were my favorite part though the moist cake layers competed.  My husband and I took home a slice and fought over each crumb the next day.
5	Oh My God!! Julia Baker Confections makes the BEST chocolates, hands down.  I sell them in my store and the customers go crazy for them.  I always get samples to pass out and everyone who tries one of her chocolates buys a box.  I really wish I lived in the Phoenix area because her cakes are so spectacular-I would love to order them for every special occasion.  I have had a tasting when I toured her offices and the cakes are every bit as delicious as her chocolates.  Not to mention that they are truly works of art.  Love everything about this business including the sweet, amazing staff and of course, Julia herself!
5	My boyfriend brought me these amazing Caramel Truffles...I can't wait to visit and try the cakes!!!!!THE BEST CHOCOLATES EVER THOUGH!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We used Julia Baker for our wedding cake.  It was the most amazing cake we have ever seen.  It was three layers of individual dark and milk chocholate with gnoche on the bottom.  It was the hit of our wedding and still 6 months later people still talk about it.We have also sampled her truffles which are out of this world.  Now that she has a shop at the Intercontinental we will have to go sampling.  Everyone needs to try her chocolates.  You will die and think you went to chocolate heaven.  Congrats Julia.  Thank you so much for making our day so special.  Shari and Dan C.
5	Ridiculously talented Pastry Chef Julia Baker runs this brand. Let me tell you--you haven't had caramel truffles ever, until you've had hers. 'Nuff said!
5	One of the rare "deserves every single 5 start review" places on Yelp.  Carmel truffles?  Sublime!   Red Velvet Chocolate Bon Bons? Extraordinary!! Think that's incredible - try the Dark Chocolate ones.  Best. Gift. Ever. for under $100 (seriously!) YUM.
4	A couple of my favorite chocolate places are Jacques Torres in New York and Vosges in Chicago.I stopped into Julia Baker's shop at Montelucia and picked out six different chocolates.  They were all very good.  I'd like to see more selection to choose from in the future.It's nice to have a high end chocolate maker here in the Valley.
5	With Valentine's Day around the corner, now is the time I start warning my husband NOT to buy me chocolates.  Somehow I believe that giving them up is going to miraculously result in a 20 lb weight loss.  One can always hope.This year is different.  After sampling these delightful confections at the DBG Chile and Chocolate Festival, I was hooked.  At the time, I sampled an itsy bitsy bite of the passion fruit chocolate, I was sold.  I wished I had a trunk full of disguises readily available so that I could eat each and every morsel on that tray.  It was too early to buy chocolates for the holidays, but we did go to the boutique at the Montelucia a month later.  I'm sure the valet appreciated parking our vehicle with it's sweet scent of our Chompie's leftovers in the back seat. We selected several different boxes for ONLY the people I thought would appreciate such exquisite chocolates.  Anyone that I've witnessed shoving an entire chocolate in their mouth with 2 chews at best was off the list.  That left a small list which was great for me considering these pricey little gems.  And despite my faint-hearted protests, my husband smartly insisted on choosing a box for me.  There are actually only a handful of selections, but truthfully, the flavors are so brilliant, you will not need any more.  My favorite is the passion fruit, followed closely by the French caramel truffle.  I usually don't even like caramel, but this toffee covered truffle is filled with the creamiest caramel you can imagine.The boutique is open every day, until 10 pm Wed-Sat!  We had the pleasure of meeting Julia on our visit and she let us know they offer chocolate and wine pairings as well!!
5	It's no surprise why Julia Baker has such great reviews. Her creations exude excellence. Pure and utter excellence. This could be my sugar high talking but that just means she truly succeeded in accomplishing perfection in her desserts! I finally visited Julia Baker's store this weekend at the Monte Lucia. When I walked in, I noticed how minimalistic it was. It was trendy, clean, fresh and subtle all at once. I read on the wall how Julia studied in France and then worked at two shops in France and let me just say...it completely shows in her desserts and her decor! I have a thing for mini cakes lately, and especially cake pops and cake balls. For those of you who haven't experienced either yet, they are pretty much "Alice In Wonderland" style cakes which are round cakes that you can pop in your mouth in less than three bites. It gives me the sweet tooth satisfaction I need without having a large piece of cake staring at me in the face. Plus, it's always fun eating miniature food. Don't ask me why. So yes, Julia Baker sells cake balls. She has red velvet and chocolate. I tried the red velvet and it was definitely velvet in my mouth! Delicious. They would be adorable party favors and especially since I learned that they create specially decorated cake balls for every holiday -- Mother's Day ones are coming out this week! The cake balls are $2.25 a ball, so they aren't cheap but would Parisians complain if they could have perfection in their mouth without the calories of an entire slice of cake? I don't think they would so I'm not going to either! Voila. Moving on to the truffles. Julia Baker has won awards for her caramel chocolate truffles, so I had to give it a go. It's a petite truffle with creamy caramel in the middle and with one bite, I was in bliss. The chocolate is decadent and it's the perfect size. She also has hand cut chocolates and other truffles for sale. In addition, she sells several boxes of different shapes and sizes for gifts or parties. This is the ideal place for a hostess gift or for small party favors if you're willing to dig into the wallet. She has the signature caramel truffles in individually wrapped plastic boxes which would be absolutely adorable on a table during a party. So I tried the cake and the truffle and I'm a huge fan, so I will say that if you have a party of any shape and size and you're looking for a sweet touch to the party, check out Julia Baker. Au Revoir!
5	I know this is soon for an update, but I find this update-worthy! When I visited Julia Baker last week, they said they would be carrying cake balls for Mother's Day. So on Thursday, I went back to purchase some for the Mothers in my life. They are adorable! They put three in a packet and they have white and chocolate balls with hard sugar flowers on top. They are the perfect gift or addition to a gift. Plus they are sturdy little guys! So, if you are looking for a last minute Mother's Day gift, scurry to Julia Bakers.
5	I stopped in here again one day after lunch.  I had a craving for some really good chocolate for dessert.The dark chocolate cake ball was awesome.  Super rich melt in my mouth goodness.I also bought a dark chocolate goey bar to go.  That night I intended to only bite off a small piece of the bar.  I ended up eating half of it.JBC rocks!
5	Appearance: 10/10Taste: 10/10Overall: 10/10I can only think of one word to describe her chocolates: decadent!I had no idea I was going to be eating Julia Baker chocolate today, but you can bet I was thrilled when I found out she was coming into our office today. Smart woman that she is she brought her chocolates with her.The first one I tried was their caramel truffle: Heaven!The second one I had was the milk chocolate ganache:Scrumptious!Warning: Do not eat at your desk. Eating might cause noises of delight.
5	This is a pre-visit review. How a business treats you BEFORE your actual visit is the lasting impression that of course gets you to come! And plus, some businesses tend to forget that great service has to also be extended in situations when youre not face to face. If they can help you thoroughly, with top notch service via phone and email, they're sure to please you when you arrive. So, I've been planning a few birthday surprises for my boyfriend's upcoming birthday, and Julia Baker Confections have been nothing but fantastic to me! Kelly Beeby has guided me and recommended so many wonderful confections and treats that'll make our trip to Scottsdale so much...well- sweeter. She's an expertise and a shining representative of Julia Bakers. I can't wait to pay them a visit when we head down there and to finally get to taste the treats!Best believe- another 5 star rating will come from me then!!
4	This review is a little late coming, but just got myself some fabulous chocolates and remembered how addicted I am to the passion fruit ones. It's a good things they're so pricey or I would probably eat an entire box.Julia Baker also did our wedding cake in 2010. The cake was a beautiful three tier red velvet. It tasted amazing, we still get compliments on it. Julia and all her employees were a joy to work with, the tasting appointment was one of our favorite parts of wedding planning. Would definitely recommend.Lost a star because they are a tad bit overpriced. Also the design on our cake was the wrong color, our wedding color was an olive green and the cake design was a bright almost neon green and we had asked for an olive or dark emerald color. If there wasn't a million other things going on I might have stressed about it but as it were the cake tasted great enough to make up for it.They didn't last too long at the Montelucia, which is usually when I'd stop in for a treat. I'm not sure where they moved but I know that you can buy the truffles and chocolates (seriously try the passion fruit) at AJ's Fine Foods in the area.
5	Thanks to Kelly Beeby from Julia Baker Confections!  Kelly was a helpful and creative resource during my wedding planning.  The sweets table and wedding cake - especially my gluten free cake - were beautiful and delicious.
4	Hoping to calm a tempestuous woman? Do something unscrupulous and looking for a way to say, "I'm sorry" without saying it? In search of a new aphrodisiac? (Uh, okay weirdo...)That time of the month? Get a box of passion fruit truffles. Bitches love passion fruit truffles.
1	Awful chocolates!!!!  This is perhaps the worst chocolate we have ever eaten.  Beautiful, yes.  But the chocolate ganaches were so bad I had to spit them out.  My husband and I agree they are inedible.  They have a funky chemical taste to them that hits you pretty quickly.  The truffles and caramels were OK but all of the flavors of the ganaches are just awful. I splurged on the holiday assortment in a red hat box, which is a lovely box but pointless if the chocolates are inedible.   I am going to have to throw away most of these.
5	They have relocated to the Biltmore Shopping Mall at 24th Street and Camelback.  Yay!!  They serve wine or coffee with chocolate candies or cakes in a sit-down cafe, and they sell custom-boxed candies or ready made and wrapped gift boxes.  Their chocolates have a distinctive flavor; different than Godiva or Ghirardelli (sp).  I don't usually like creamy chocolates, but theirs are an exception for me.  The cakes I have tried are top shelf! Yum.  I have not had the wine.  The coffee is rather good (says the Starbucks gold card holder). It's a fun venue when recharging after a movie at AMC across the street, and before taking home an adorable pet from Petique or a new Coach bag (less responsibility in the latter case) or a British cruiser bike.
5	Quality ingredients. Highly refined pastry skills. Edible luxury. Boom!
5	Deliciously decadent little bites of chocolate paradise!
4	This place is so cute! Perfect spot  for a date night and also for a girls night out. Went there with a couple girlfriends and ate yummy chocolate and drank wine. It can be kinda pricey, but if you get the tasting its not to bad.
2	There are a number of high quality chocolate shops in the US, but Julia Baker did not make the cut.  I like the elegant storefront decor, and the seating area for chocolate enjoyment.  Unfortunately, the chocolate flavor did not come through on many of the selections.  The fruit flavored ones completely overpowered the chocolate instead of complementing it.  The chocolates are not bad overall, but there are better options out there.
5	It's time for another update! Julia Baker has moved locations to the Biltmore Fashion Park and I am so very happy with their new location! Now not only do they sell their delectable truffles but they also have a cafe complete with mochas, sipping chocolate, and all of Julia's desserts! The shop has the feel of a Parisian Cafe and my sweet tooth kicks into gear as soon as I walk inside. During my most recent visit, I had one of the toffee caramel truffles and purchased chocolate covered pretzels for the road. The toffee caramel truffle was beyond delicious. As soon as I bite into the truffle, ooey gooey caramel flowed out. One definitely was not enough! Later in the day, I tried the chocolate covered pretzels and the chocolate is thick and creamy against the pretzel. These are a must purchase as is everything at this store. Next time I visit, I will be trying a dessert and a chocolate martini in the cafe!
5	I absolutely adore this place...everything about it!  I came here on the recommendation of my stylist and couldn't be happier that I have found Julia Baker.  The decor is sophisticated, the service is extremely attentive and the experience is top notch.  We tried some champagne and chocolates...next time we'll try some of the desserts too!
4	I stumbled across this gem while looking for another store...I guess my lack of direction can pay off sometimes! If you are looking for some beautiful unique chocolates that are made locally, this is your place. Visiting from out of state, I was looking for a gift for somebody to bring back. What a perfect gift, and who doesn't like chocolate?! (You can't be my friend if the answer is you).Julia offers a small selection of homemade chocolates, truffles and cake balls. The selection isn't enormous, so the indecisive (like myself) won't be too challenged. I easily filled a box with an assortment sure to please anybody. The prices are a tad on the high side but worth it in my opinion- especially with the excellent service and samples I was so graciously given!The other half of the store will satisfy your sweet tooth if you are looking to sit down for a dessert or specialty drink. That may just have to happen the next time I'm in the area!
5	Just had an amazing experience at Julia Baker's. Talk about next girls night out. Ladies this is the place to be. Yes, you can dine as early as 10am and sip on some fresh French Coco but there is an experience like no other in Phoenix. As an Elite member I had the opportunity to get the total experience. I met Julia who has an amazing story on how she got started. This lovely lady who created a dynamic, classy, and trendy Chocolate shop at the Biltmore Fashion Park created an ambiance that is fun. Gosh! Where do I start?The place is trendy with chandeliers and unique table settings. A total "Sex in The City" ladies spot. Yes, men can enjoy too but  this so reminds me of a girls hang out for bridal showers, girls night or birthday party. The variety of Chocolates and Cakes are freshly made with the best ingredients. You can place am order to go, dine in or have a party. Not to mention there are drinks. Yep! That's right... A variety of Champagne, Wines, and much more. The big hit of the night was the Chocolate Martini. I did not try it because I am not a drinker but the Yelp Ladies went "Wild." The glass was uniquely decorated with Chocolate with a glass filled with Yum!Yum! Yum! If your ready to get Chocolate wasted this is the place to be. The staff are wonderful and professional. Plan on having a wonderful experience when you stop in.
5	She is adorable & u need to try the chocolate martini!!
5	I typically would not write a review based on a Yelp event where I had the chance to try the food for free, but I just cannot hold back when it comes to this shop. The chocolate here is ridic. It is so good. I want to go back now....and tomorrow......and everyday. I won't, because no matter what Julia says, you can't eat this stuff everyday and be in good shape. Anyway, the chocolate martini may be the best drink I've ever had....so rich and delicious. The cakes were all good, but the chocolate mousse with the hazelnut was just insanity. I cannot wait until I can go back and have some more of this crazy delicious dessert....this may be my new fave dessert in the desert!
5	Chocolate heaven in a pastry shop and wine bar. The decor is beautiful. Julia is a wonderful and inspiring woman. She should be a motivational speaker. The desserts are scrumptious. A cute place for a gals night out party or shower. Another interesting little FYI Julia just got her own show on TV. Good for her. The only thing I want to know is how she stays so slim eating all that daily decadence.
5	I am not a huge chocolate fan....but after coming here, I think I may have changed my mind.  I would never have thought of coming into this cute boutique shop if it weren't for the Yelp Elite event that I attended.  Julia Baker was there and told us how she got to where she was.  What an amazing woman and such a go-getter. I could've sat there and listened to her talk all night.  I wish her the best of luck with her future endeavors including her show coming up on the Food Network.  During this stop, Julia served us with Prosecco - I'm not a huge fan, but she accommodated by offering Moscato - now that's what I like!  We were also served a chocolate martini...in my mind, I kept thinking, ugh, I'm not going to like this....but after I took my sip, I chugged that thing down and wanted more!  The chocolate was so creamy and the alcohol content in there just made it perfect. Three desserts were served - a chocolate hazelnut with a cookie-like crust at the bottom.  Again, not a chocolate lover, but this was absolutely scrumptious and I cleaned off that dessert like it was nobody's business.  Second dessert was red velvet - which was just that, velvety and delicious.  Not dry and perfectly moist.  The last dessert was her white chocolate with passion fruit and coconut.  Because I do not like coconut, this was my least favorite.  We were also given a little 2-piece sample in a cute box with a pink ribbon on it.  When I got home, my 5-year old gobbled it down before I could even eat it!! He came to me with chocolate all around his mouth saying it was delicious.  I believe him!This place has a back area that can be curtained off for private parties, book clubs, showers, etc.  I will definitely be coming back to this gem and buy gifts for friends in the future!And Julia, if you're reading this....maybe we have met somewhere before....I used to work in the hotel & restaurant industry and I know Chuck amongst some other Chefs....so I'm sure we have crossed paths before.  :) Hope to see you again!
5	We came in here during a Yelp event and just wanted to draft a quick review. Julia was there for the event and gave us a very interesting class on chocolates and how she got started in the chocolate business. She was very upbeat and was very interesting.  She's accomplished a lot in her life. While at the event we were able to be lucky enough to sample 3 of her delicious desserts including the passion fruit cake, red velvet cake, and a chocolate moose while drinking a wonderful chocolate martini. Man they were just awesome!!! I know my wife was in heaven and we will make this a regular stop next time we are in the Biltmore!!
5	yes, she was here! Julia Baker herself. don't know her? me neither...and then i met her and tasted the goodies she makes, and now i will never forget her. even more impressive was that she was so normal! like a regular person who liked to make chocolate goodness and became successful, but still remained normal. i liked her tremendously. and then she passed around some of her goodies. hot damn, i was having a fit. the passion fruit treat was my favorite. it was rich, flavorful, but light. there was no skimping on the passion fruit either. next favorite was the red velvet cake...now we're talking richness. then, and i can't remember it...but it was pure chocolate...deca-freaking-dent! but with champagne, it all goes down way too easily. julia is a well rounded and knowledgeable chocolate expert....she loves what she does and it made the experience so much better. i may have a new place to treat the wife to!
5	I was surprised to walk in here and see tables and chairs, and a bar! I assumed it was only a storefront for her chocolates, but you can order champagne and desserts-even reserve the back half of the establishment for private functions! We got to sample tastes of the red velvet cake, passion fruit dessert, and the third was a chocolate ganache filled piece of heaven. We also got a chocolate lesson on what exactly 70% dark means, and the difference between milk, dark, and white chocolate. Meeting Julia Baker herself really made this trip to Julia Baker Confections something extraordinary. She really has an interesting story about how she got into the chocolate business!
5	CHOCOLATE DREAMS.Sometimes the very best things come from dreams. Julia Baker's dream was to make sure that the very best chocolate was available to everyone. Her dream was not a small one; nor one that was easily accomplished. But it was there and it was so real that it overshadowed the other successful parts of her life. How do I know this about her Chocolate Dream?Because she is not one to skimp on words. She tells it like it is. She lays it all out there for all to see. She tells a story that started with her dream and that story has grown into more than just one woman's dream; but has grown into the dream of many from Arizona to Ghana. That dream has become the reality of CHOCOLATE farming. Chocolate Confections. Chocolate Truffles. Chocolate Martinis. Chocolate Pralines. French Sipping Chocolate. Chocolate Mousse Cake. Red Velvet Chocolate Truffles. White Chocolate.  Milk Chocolate. Dark Chocolate. Chocolate Dreams. Chocolate. Sweet Chocolate. Sweet, Sweet Chocolate. This is what sweet dreams are made of . . . Sweet Julia with the chocolate dreams.www.JuliaBakerConfections.com
5	Amazing. So delicious. The shop itself is beautiful, with a nice sitting area if you want dessert and cocktails. We picked up a few chocolates and a bar and were not disappointed in the least bit.The dark ganache truffle is rich, fantastic, delicious. Hazelnut is wonderful, coconut is yummy with a nice texture, milk ganache is simple and sweet, and the Irish creme was beyond what I would expect.The milk gooey chocolate bar is perfectly balanced with caramel. Usually, bars like this are overdone and too sweet, but this was the best.I cannot wait to stop in again and have a cake based dessert with a cocktail. This place is a little pricey, but definitely worth it.
5	I LOVE Julia Baker!!!  I told her that I'm going to move into her shop and eat chocolate forever...well maybe not because I would miss my husband, but this is THE PLACE for all things chocolate in the Valley.  And Julia Baker is so incredibly welcoming on top of that.  She hosted a group of Yelp Elites for the Dine Around the Biltmore event and the things she let us sample were to. die. for.  On top of that she sent us home with a little box of chocolates.  I can't wait to bring my husband back here!  Thank you Julia Baker for your wonderful hospitiality and your love of chocolate.  It shows in everything you touch and I know you have even bigger things ahead!  Let me know if you ever need a taste tester.  I will gladly volunteer my services for free, teehee. :)
5	This little shop is pure magic. We sauntered in post dinner and had a fabulous finish to our meal. The chocolate lava cake made me whimper and mewl. The cake itself was a little piece of perfection and  the chocolate erupting from it truly amazing. It was served with vanilla ice cream surrounded by a fine bed of chocolate crumbs. We paired this with two bold red wines that really brought us to the apex of dessert heaven.We met Julia and are excited about her efforts to give the Ghana(ese) people a hand up. It's a great mission to be able to change lives through chocolate! We'll be watching her website due to be relaunched to see the progress of Julia Baker Confections.
4	Do you love wine? And chocolate? Or both together? Need I say more then?? I first stumbled upon this glorious place while shopping in the Biltmore. I mean, who (ok maybe just us females) would NOT walk into a chocolate store  that also sells alcohol! You can sample off a tasing menu and sip a luxurious cocktail or take something to go like a box of chocolates. This I probably don't need to say makes for an amazing date or just something different and special to do! I got a Valentine's gift this year from Julia and LOVED it! Can't wait to go back again! Check out the website to really get the idea! http://www.juliabakerconfections.com/
4	This shop appeals to my girlishness. Prim, proper, pink and chocolates.  It makes me think of a cute shop in Paris. My friend and I felt like we had to be dressed up to enter here but the girls were still very welcoming to us considering we were in outdoorsy gear. They gave us a couple of free samples and explained to us the story of Julia Baker.  We were very impressed with their adorable uniforms and inquired about them. They are pink and black and so cute! We were waiting for our buzzer to go off for dinner for True Food Kitchen so we picked up one of their chocolates for dessert to go. $3 for a visually beautiful piece of chocolate. Taste wise it wasn't the most sophisticated chocolate I've ever tasted but I think the entire experience is what makes Julia Baker Confections so special.
4	Verrrrry good chocolate!  Priced similarly to what you find at Godiva, but you get chocolates that are even more delicious.  The shop is gorgeous and the sales people are so sweet offering a sample and information about the chocolates. They have a cute sitting area including a bar where they make coffee, hot chocolate, lattes, and serve wine to pair with your purchased confections.  I ended up buying a box of 8 from the case.  The french caramel truffle was just about the most delicious thing I'd ever eaten.  I kinda wished my whole box was just those... Maybe I should ask Santa!  ;)  No doubt, when I visit the Biltmore, I will be stopping here for a treat!
5	OMG I'M IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!Btw, Did I mention that Julia Baker is amazing? I didnt? Well SHE IS. So down to earth with a great sense of humor! She definitely has an interesting life story. I think this is a great place at the Biltmore to stop by for a bit of indulgence in chocolate, girl talk and espresso. They offer free wifi, which is great if you want to stop by and do some surfing of the web. If I lived in the area, I would stop by here to do homework. The ambiance is girly, but very European as well. Very similar to how I would view a cafe in France. The chocolates here can be a little pricey, but they are to die for. I would suggest the red velvet cake dipped in dark chocolate. Its amazing. I'll be stopping here every time I come to  Biltmore Fashion Park!
5	Well . . . I guess I'll join the " I LOVE JULIA BAKER " band wagon!!! As part of a Yelp event, Julia was there and oozed charisma. She was funny, engaging, and full of passion for her chocolate everything. I'm pretty sure everyone who meets her, falls in love with her. She's one of those girls, yup, she's like that. She told us her story, taught us how to discern quality chocolate the Dr. Oz way with canisters of cocoa, fat, sugar displayed in an easy to understand graphic matter. Best way to dispense important information- so simple and clear even a 5 yr old can understand it. From there, things just got deliciously better. She treated us to not just one but three decadent desserts beautifully presented in the best fashionable way. I'm not one to eat dessert but I made an exception for Julia. Because I recognize quality dessert when I see it and to pass up anything quality well, that's just not my style. True to my eye's opinion, the chocolate, red velvet, and lemon with coconut were all palate spoiling happiness. If you asked me to pick a favorite, I couldn't because in the world of perfect sweets, I love them all equally!On top of already feeling like I've reached heaven, we paired the desserts with my oh soooo favorite drink of choice- yes, you guess it- bubbly champagne. So crisp, just the right amount of sweetness. What?  You say we were in Phoenix? I would say we were in a Parisan cafe, enjoying the sort of evening that creates memories. Especially when already I was feeling the gratitude of a wonderful moment, a chocolate martini was served to me. I thought omg! I can't handle anymore wonderfulness. But again, I made an exception for Julia and her confections. You can write that there are better chocolates out there but there are no combination of Julia Baker and chocolates. That's right, she and her chocolates are definitely one of a kind!  Thanks Julia for the relishing experience!
4	My friend took us here to ask us to be her bridesmaid so it was fun that we had a nice little corner in the back with some prosecco and chocolate. The girls who work there are very cute and fun and were happy we were having a great time. We shared a piece of cake with a sampler of some dark chocolates. From my others reviews you can tell I am girl who likes a good bang for her buck and to me the chocolate size wasn't worth the cash we paid for it. The cake on the other hand was huge and delicious. I probably would never go here again because its not up my alley but it was good to be invited and to try something new.
5	Lovely little shop that serves a delicious cup of coffee with a side of sweet whipped cream. Very decadent! Wish I could have indulged in more. I will definitely be back for a taste of their chocolates and a box to-go for a great gift! Make sure to support this fun local business.
5	A night out with my little girl was home from school  and we find ourselves at Biltmore FP wandering around. We opt into Julia Confections for a dose of sugar and coffee. We actually did not realize there was seating and desserts til we were inside. With that we sat and shared the sundae. Can we say heaven? The sundae comes in a large decadent bowl and all these sides of more decadence: hot, rich JC, fudge ; hot caramel ; nuts; chantilly cream; chocolate sprinkles. Mmmm. My little girl loved making her own bites out of her rare dose of sugar. The adults had cappuccino from the coffee bar. As if that was not enough, we left with more chocolates. The girl working was a bit overwhelmed by herself; but she was super sweet and polite and apologetic for the tardiness in serving. That goes a long way. This little piece of heaven is tucked into Biltmore and worth the stroll in. Worth the next days workout!
3	I love Julia Baker's chocolates. Even though they are pretty pricey, they are totally worth it. However, I came in here with a group of girls for my birthday a while ago and I was a little disappointed in the service. If you read the below you might think I am pretty picky and maybe my expectations were just a little too high. But when you are spending that much money on just chocolate and wine what you are really paying for is a fun, girly experience and Julia Baker just did not deliver that.I called about a month in advance to inquire about a private party. When I was here for the Yelp event (the Dine Around at Biltmore elite event) the owner had told us about how they went all out for bridal showers and other events to make it a great experience. So, I thought it would be fun for my birthday. I was told on the phone that to have the entire place to ourselves for even 1 hour would be a $400 minimum. Well, that is a little much for me but I went ahead and made a reservation for the 9 of us since I figured we would all fit at those tables up by the register/bar. I was a little worried that the other girls would think it was a waste of money since their chocolates are really expensive so my hubby went in and bought a gift card which was an awesome surprise. The morning of the event we had all gone to brunch first and so we arrived about 30 minutes late but I had called from the restaurant so they knew we were still coming.When we walked in we were not greeted or acknowledged in any way by the lone staff member. I didn't think too poorly of her since she was there by herself and busy with other customers. But when I thought about it later, why didn't they have at least 2 people in the store when they knew a group of 9 girls was going to be there?? The biggest surprise was that none of the tables had been set or had any kind of signage showing it was reserved. After standing around awkwardly for about 5 minutes we just sat down. I had a menu that was included in the envelope with the gift card so we started looking that over. It was another 5-10 minutes before she brought us full menus. She did not provide any explanations on how their chocolates are made, what the different options were or any recommendations. Just dropped off the menus and left. We had to call her back to order some wine. By that time the store was empty and so we had her full attention and she was very nice about letting my friend sample some of the wine that she wasn't sure she would like (and she didn't). But it was still hard for her to get all the chocolate plates ready all on her own. After about an hour another girl walked in and seemed very annoyed at having to deal with a full table of women right away. We ordered another bottle of wine to use up the gift card and when my friend asked for a fresh glass (yeah, the same friend who had ordered a sample of a wine she didn't like) the girl rolled her eyes, sighed and then walked off to get the glass. We all just laughed it off and said "wow, I guess she is having a bad day." I still had a really great time because I have some fabulous girlfriends and my sisters and mom were there. But really considering I had made these plans over a month in advance and we spent almost $200 in that place I just really expected better treatment.I would maybe come in again just to get a box of chocolates or with a smaller group but they definitely are not a good place for special events as they claim to be.
4	Pros: Super sweet and delicious cakes, ice cream, and truffles.  Cons: It can be a tad bit too sweet for me, after a couple bites I'm done.Red Velvet cake is definitely my favorite and so is their washroom - mirrors everywhere and very clean.
4	I came here with a good friend for a girls day.  The interior of this place is beautiful! They really paid attention to detail when designing this place.  I ordered a glass of red wine & my friend ordered moscato.  We decided to each other something different & then split.  I got the cake bite trio & she got the chocolate lava cake.  They were both good, but I think for the price we paid I was expecting it to really knock my socks off which it didn't. The service was amazing, the girls were so attentive & sweet, they get an extra star for that! I think when I come back it will be more for a special occasion due to the price.
5	Yummy!  I love Julia Baker.  She actually did our wedding cake, so I may be a little biased.Basically, there is a sit down sweet shop in the back of the store that does serve wine and champagne as well.  In the front, it is a chocolate shop.  Both are great!  I prefer to get a table with my husband as the decor is very beautiful and romantic in my opinion.My husband and I like to come here for Valentines Day especially.  Make a reservation before you go.  The sundae here is very sweet.  I also recommend the red velvet cake.  The staff here is very nice and attentive.  Located in the Biltmore across from Saks Fifth Avenue.  Enjoy!
5	I love coming here w/my friends on days we'd all like to catch up &just sip on some wine! The ladies here at Julia's are always so attentive &helpful. The desserts here are heaven! My personal favorite would have to be their WHITE CHOCOLATE PASSION FRUIT MOUSSE CAKE! :) Leaving this place is almost as relaxing as leaving the spa.. I never leave disappointed.
4	Cereal milk shake, compost cookies, and lots of other fun unique desserts are as easy as walking up to the counter.We over ordered, so we had a good breakfast too. Everything we tried was really good.
5	I was not sure if it was a chocolate store or a sit down place.  A little confused.  But I was greeted right away by two lovely ladies and they explained to me they are a chocolate store and in the back they have a cafe.  OH!   They had pre-packaged chocolates on the right hand side of the store and then on the left hand was a la carte hand cut chocolates you can buy in each.  I got dark chocolate covered pretzels....  The dark chocolate had this slightly bitter and sweet taste.  It was so so good.  Then I got a bunch of other dark chocolate covered each thingy from the case.  I have to say....  It is not super sweet chocolate that you eat one and you go into a sugar coma.  It is just a perfect balance...  I need to come back to the cafe.  I heard the cakes are to DIE for.
4	"The Julia Baker Confections  is the Happiest Place in  Houck, AZ . The staff is happy to see you and happy to serve you one of their dozens of homemade chocolate treats. On our first visit we had several samples of their gourmet ice creams and decided on Snow Berry with a Hugh slice of "Any Day's a Holiday" cake on the side. We also got some yummy dark chocolate for the trip back home. We had to be at the MD Anderson in the  Houck, AZ medical center area for a few weeks and we treated ourselves to a different goodie each week. One week we made our visit on a Thursday night and discovered they have a jazz combo every Thursday night. What fun!!!" stated Lester and Amy Best off of New Orleans, La
5	Two words: Amazing & Tasty!!!
5	A restaurant entirely atypical !!!! it is built under a bridge in front of Central Station. Its decor is very original .. we see the steel girders of the bridge structure, but without making the austere place on the contrary. The staff is friendly. Breakfast "Continental" is $ US13.- and the Phoenix eggs & bacon to US $ 17.- with orange juice and hot drink included. Taste the pancakes .. a real regalia !!!! If you do not want to queue it is useful to reserve your table !!
5	I absolutely love coming here. Julia did our wedding cake 3 years ago and we served her chocolates as favors, which was a huge hit. When this shopped opened we decided that we would come ever year on our anniversary to have a piece of her amazing red velvet cake and we have now for the past 2 years and plan to continue the tradition for years to come. Sitting in the little cafe eating that cake brings back the happiness of the day we got married. The chocolates are to die for and there is a flavor for anyone. This year we also tried the chocolate lava cake which was very tasty. They actually pour the warm chocolate over the top table-side. Service can be seen as slow, but I didn't mind because we were there to enjoy the whole moment and were not in any rush to get out of there. So if you are looking to have dessert and champagne then you need not search any further.
4	I love Julia Bakers Chocolates, and the ambience is gorgeous and fun for girl time, but I was really disappointed this time around. We ordered the red velvet cake and I've had it before but today it was not very special. The cake was extremely dry and crumbly. When I asked the young lady attending us about the cake, she apologized and stated that it was a couple of days old. She said the last order came in on Tuesday, it was Saturday afternoon... which I was very disappointed because I remembered it very moist and dense like a cheesecake. This was definitely not very good. My latte was ok, nothing special ( the last time I had ordered the latte it was creamy and delicious). The caramel chocolates are my favorite and always something we take to go here. My friend loved the Sorelle Prosecco but I was not happy with the cake and my bland latte. I may not be coming in for cake (unless it's fresh). Make sure to ask for freshness!
4	Very expensive chocolate boutique, and more upscale than Godiva.  Chocolate is around $2 per piece, and the cheaper (thinner) candy bars were $4 (the large, multiple caramel-filled square one was $9 if I remember correctly).  Check out the website for the Biltmore Takeout menu (note that it doesn't include everything they sell, nor does the website's online store).Their ingredients are first-rate, and they're local, so I feel a little bit better about spending a chunk of change on a friend's gift (I needed to get something unique and local).The packaging (nice shopping bag, pink tissue paper, fancy boxes) is very nice, though be aware that boxed sets carry a small premium for the extra fancy packaging and plastic seal.I haven't had anything they sell here myself beyond a few tiny free samples, but what I did taste was very smooth and creamy, both milk and dark.Thankfully, holiday boxed sets are 25% off now, while supplies last!
4	I enjoyed Julia Baker's chocolates. I am more of a dark chocolate kind of person, so those are the only ones that I tried. I don't remember the names of all of the chocolates I had, but they were all pretty good. There was one with nuts on the outside and a salted caramel on the inside that was really good, and even the passion fruit one (which I was very suspicious of) turned out to be pretty good.I would definitely come back while visiting Phoenix.
