4	Just keepin the review short and sweet. This place is awesome and it has a cool vibe. It's just fun and over all a great place to go for a swim.
4	Great fun, excellent views. What more could you ask?
4	Very nice facility!25 yard lap lanes. Opens at 6 am weekdays.I signed up for the lap fitness and technique class. Monica is my instructor. She is very good at helping improve my swimming technique! It is amazing how she has been able to help me.When I 1st started I could only do 2 laps. End of 2nd week I am up to 14 laps.5 Stars for Monica!
5	Nice new aquatic center right on Hollywood Blvd. convenient location, brand new amenities, huge restroom area with open showers and ones that has dividers with shower curtains. Clean & well kept. Big indoor olympic size pool 7' - 9', a smaller indoor pool 3'-6' and an outdoor pool and an awesome slide! Lifeguard always on duty. They offer swimming classes for all ages and party reservations!
4	Thanks to my cousins we now have a new place to chill. Silly waiting for cowabunga to open when all that we need for our 7 an 8 year old is at Hollywood Aquatic center. The place is clean and new. Really nothing to complain about.
5	Me and my family have been visiting this waterpark for two years now and we absolute love it. It's pretty close to our house and the facility is clean. The lifeguards are friendly and it's very affordable.
1	HORRIBLE PLACE TO HAVE A BIRTHDAY PARTY!!!!!!! They kicked several kids out of the pool because of their swimming shorts.  Once was because his shorts went past his knees.  These are small kids we are talking about, give me a freaking break.  I paid for 2 hours of the picnic area for Saturday and was told that I can pay $40 for each additional hour if no one had it booked after me.  I decided that I wanted to pay for the rest of the day since no one had it booked after me and because my party did not have a place to go after our time was up because there's only 3 shaded areas in the whole park (2 other shades were not open).  So when I asked to pay for the extra hours, they told me that the person that handled the rentals was not there and had JUST left and I was not able to purchase the additional time for the picnic area. I then spoke with the managers and they told me there was nothing they can do because the rental person works only Monday-Friday.  Which means, I was just lied too because the people in the front told me that the rental person had JUST left. Anyway, they could have made $120 extra from me, but they only have 1 person that knows how to do the rentals. I suggest that you have at least a back up person on the weekend.  So anyway, I go back to the picnic area to enjoy the rest of the time I have left with my party.  I then was approached my the assistant manager stating that they have a new rental system for about a week now, and that they forgot about that, so they now can process my payment for the extra time.  I was very excited, and relieved that I wont have to kick all these people out of the picnic area and into the sun.  I went to the front where they were going to process my payment, and waited several minutes before I was told to go ahead back to the picnic area and that they would call me when they figured out how to process my payment. I was approached again by the assistant manager to tell me that they couldn't figure it out and that I would have to get out of the picnic area by 4pm, because "I feel bad for you." Awe thanks, that's so sweet.  It was already 3:30 (I only had the area until 3pm).  If it was left alone after I asked them the first time, I would have been able to at least enjoy the rest of the time I had, but NO, I had to hurry up clean everything and get my party out of there. These people are a bunch of kids that have no idea what the hell they are doing.  I understand that I could have booked more time before the scheduled date, but I have never booked this place before and didn't know what to expect.  Anyway, they need more people there that knows what they are doing.  I spent most of my time dealing with these people instead of enjoying my daughters birthday.  I suggest to pick a different place if you are having a birthday party.
5	What a wonderful facility Clark County has developed.  I do lap swimming (very slowly) almost every day and the Olympic-sized pool is always clean and rarely very busy.  The lifeguards are cool.  Parking is easy and the place is close to my home.  A great example of what government can do for its citizens.
