1	This company is a complete scam. My boyfriend and I wanted to find a crawl so that we could get drink deals and discounted (or free) cover, as it's hard to get any deals in Vegas unless you are with a group of girls. At the beginning of the night, the two guys we met with were super nice and funny, and very personable. We started at Kahunaville (not a club), which doesn't have a cover, but we were willing to see where the night took us. There were also only two other people there (not a big party group, like the website makes it seem). To sum it up, we went to Senor Frogs next (also no cover or line), then some club that was empty and boring, and then finally we showed up at Pure (which was supposed to be the best part of the night). We got to skip the line to the bouncer, but then got to the ticket kiosk and were told that we did not have what we needed to get in for free. We turned around to find the two guys for help, and lo and behold, they were gone. When we texted them demanding to know why this happened (we paid $70 and had only gotten two free drinks and no free covers), they said that they had had a long day and were tired, and were surprised that we didn't get in for free. Honestly, the two guys were very personable and I have nothing against them as people. However, paying $70 to go to restaurants and unpopular clubs, and then to be ditched at the last one when they couldn't provide us anything more was rude and unprofessional. I would not recommend this crawl to anyone at all, unless they get their acts together.
5	This is totally worth it. Had lots of fun and got into hard to get in places for Memorial Day weekend.  Cabanas and table service. Thanks for making my weekend epic! -Rhea
4	Ok I see where the One Star guy gets the "Scam" from. In my CRAWL (which was the Pool Party one, mind you) the "drink specials" were two for one drinks at Fatburger, which is the restaurant/lounge where we met to catch the bus. We were only there for about forty minutes so that is equivalent to about one free drink total, between two people. The first pool was Sapphire, I had read some reviews and expected debauchery but it was pretty empty when we got there near noon. We even went to the VIP area and were allowed to stay there for quite a while (almost until we went to the second pool). Someone on staff was making the rounds with a bottle of Fireball and pouring free shots into people's mouths, so that happened. Maybe this is why I only remember 1.5 of the 3 pools. Second we went to Venus which was either so unremarkable it was not worth remembering or they poured such epic drinks that I blacked out upon entering the venue.I guess third was REHAB at the Hard Rock? I have a cup from there & vaguely remember leaving so I am going to assume so. How did I even get let in? One of the CRAWL staffers snagged me outside after I took one of many tumbles onto the sidewalk and admonished me, "Hold your composure!" he said. I must have complied. But what is Vegas for, if not to get blacked out drunk and fall onto the sidewalk and into bushes (and into dudes)? Haha.It was a lot of fun and cool to have transportation but if you are looking for legit drink specials and free entry, go the route of twitter and hashtag #Vegas and you will get a litany of random promoters offering to get you on lists with drink specials, etc. No need to be on a party bus in Vegas when everything is so compact.Also, their website's photos have not been updated since MAY! Helloooooo, someone needs to get on that as they were taking pics all day and claiming we could find them on the website. Hmm.
