4	I like this place. I when there for a quick car wash and I was surprise. I will be back.
5	In addition to Costco Car Wash, this is the best we've ever seen ... awesome customer service.  Clean as a whistle, modern equipment, great layout, and terrific employees.  Next to Sun City Grand and so close there is never a reason to go anywhere else.
4	I wasn't to happy when I noticed this place being built! Just didn't want a car wash in our area! But I went ahead and tried this place out, since my son let me know that my truck needs a washing when I was taking him to the airport! Why didn't you tell me this when you were here earlier? He knew I was going to give him a bucket and soap! Anyways, glad I stopped by! Vacuums are free, I really don't understand why the sign says three dollar wash? There is nothing on the menu that is three dollars? I went ahead and purchased an $9.99 wash. Then Puff!!! My truck looks like it's new again!!!! I will probably become a regular customer
4	I paid for the $3.00 wash and was more than happy with what I paid for?  Simple touch up wash for $3.00, better than getting a bucket of soap and washing the cars on the driveway in 100+ heat any day!  I purchased the $5.99 wash for my little commuter car and the $3.00 wash for my dirty diesel truck and guess what?  Can't tell the difference in wash, maybe more soap for the $5.99 wash?However my truck had bird stuff, diesel fuel, tire dressing, dirt on it, dead bugs from a month, and it all came off.  I can't ask for much more than that?  It dried it also with the air so from now on im $3.00 when I need an outside wash.  Its mostly automated, with only an employee directing you to get on the track to be pushed through the wash.  It was fast, since I was there for only 5 minutes....
4	For the price it is a really good wash. Vacuums free for unlimited use and if your looking for solid car wash for only $3 then this is your spot.
2	My only complaint is that there is a giant sign in front of the place that says $3 wash but when you pull up to pay you find out it's a $3 rinse...a real wash at this place costs $10.  If the sign said $3 rinse/$10 wash I'd be perfectly happy.  The false advertising draws in the customers though.The $10 wash is good and they also provide you with something to wipe down your dash and an air freshener.  The vacuums work great.  The only problem with the place is that for a few more dollars you can head to Cobblestone and get your car washed, dried, hand dried, vacuumed, windows washed in and out, rims wiped down, trim wiped, dash cleaned, trunk vacuumed,  and all while you sit on a leather sofa and watch tv or surf the internet.  For this place to be of value the $10 car wash needs to be $5 and the sign on the building needs to be changed.  All this said, I'll continue to use it for the $3 rinse/free vacuum and use Cobblestone when I want a real wash.
4	I went to this place today and purchased the managers special, I didn't think that it was rinsing right and talked to the office and the fixed my issue and gave me another wash and it was perfect the second time around..oh and you get free vacuums..can't beat it..
1	Use at your own risk!!We paid for a $5.99 wash. We got trapped inside, and the belt pulled us into the truck ahead of us... and then pulled the car behind us into us. The car wash blamed the man at the start of the line, claiming he hit his brakes causing the accident. The man at the front of the line blames the car wash, and refused to leave any insurance information. We called the police and filed a police report, but with no one admitting fault, looks like our $5.99 car wash turned into a broken grill, and dented hood and trunk. The police officer said that he'd been to the car-wash himself a hand full of times on similar calls. Careful!
5	I really have to say this is a great deal! $3 really?  I mean if you keep your car fairly clean..   No mud bogs or anything LOL  Its a great deal, Vacuums are free and work great! Just hard on someone with back issues, but still... there is no way I could wash the car ! and the people here are really great too!  After the rain I upgraded one time and the air freshener they give you has lasted a really long time..  a great surprise!    I go back again and again!
4	Fast & Friendly Car Wash is great.  A great wash for a great price.  The vacuums are free for unlimited use which is amazing.  I hate having to rush trying to beat the clock as you climb around your car.  Check it out!
3	I've frequented this wash since the day they opened. When my car is extra dirty, I jump right to the $9.99 wash. On my last 3 visits over the past 2 months after purchasing the $9.99 wash I've exited only to find that traces of either dried mud or bird droppings had not been removed from my windshield. On all 3 visits I went inside and was told I could go through the wash again. Once the second wash actually removed what had been left on my car.. But on the other 2 occasions it did not and  I went inside I was given a cloth to clean it myself. I would think that if a customer isn't satisfied with a wash, someone would take the time to clean whatever it is the customer is complaining about. It just seem to be good business to hand the customer a cloth and have them clean their vehicle AFTER paying for a wash. Call me crazy, but the last time my burger wasn't cooked correctly at a restaurant, the cook didn't come to my table and escort me to the kitchen to cook it myself. Just saying!
1	The cameras posted were literally no help in this case. Upon review, the footage was not clear enough to make out who was at fault. Good thing we have full coverage insurance. I would recommend you do too if you use this car wash, or others like it.
3	I have been here a couple of times and it is a basic car wash and it has no workers to clean or dry your car. I am not complaining about it because it does a decent job but if you are looking for service and quality every time where you don't have to use elbow grease this is not the place for you. If you just want to get in and out it's a good basic wash at a decent price of 3 dollars.
3	I just moved to town and saw this place as I drove in. It has a couple different variations of washes you ca get from 3$ to 16$ or something. I wasn't really impressed at the wash it self. I got the middle of the road $10 price car wash. The entire right hand side of my car wasn't roughed by any of the spongy spinning machines. By the time I go to the end we were laughing at how much soap was still on the car. I have my own towels I used in the free vacuuming area to dry off my windows and areas that were missed. The free vacuum was super and probably the best part. Overall. I was underwhelmed and unimpressed. Also the other reviews state a crash from malfunction with unwillingness to pay. That alone scares me to not give them my business.
1	It's an okay wash for $3.I purchased one of those expensive car wash with mail-in rebate. I followed the instructions and mailed the receipt with complete information and I never got back my $3 rebate. It's been about 2 months since I mailed it, and I just guess that I am never going to get a rebate. With regards to the washes here, the dryers are just like the other drive-thru car washes, they don't dry enough. You are left with droplets in your car.
1	This is a horrible place to get a wash.  It's quick and does a horrible job at cleaning.  I bought the $15 wash and expected it to be nice but it was horrible.  Water was left on my car and it was a total waste of money!  The dashboard towel dried out with 5 or 6 wipes and didn't even have a good cleaning agent on it.    Horrible customer service as well.  The manager didn't know his own job.  I would leave half a star if I could
4	I was excited when I saw this place.  They had just opened up this type of car wash in Santee before I moved.  I went with the $5.99 wash.  You pull up, put your wheels in the track and then shift your car to neutral.  You then sit back and enjoy the 3-5 minute wash.  They have awesome free vacuums too.  The attachments are really skinny so you can get into most places of your car.  They even have upright floor mat holders so you can get those cleaned easily too.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the car wash still doesn't get all the junk off your car.  It gets most, but not all.  For the $5.99 though, with free vacuum, this will be my car wash of choice going forward.
2	Hello.  Yes it was at your car wash jeff and the manager was the one with white hairs. An older man but not over 55!  He was very rude and unprofessional!  It was around 15. I believe the actual price was 12.99. Total waste of money and should have got the 3.00
4	So Fast!  Not so friendly... but still a good deal on a partial do-it-yourself car wash.  Vacuuming my own car isn't so bad when the car wash does such a fantastic job of cleaning my filthy car!  This was not my first visit (I have come back multiple times because of how clean my car is when I leave this place).  I cannot say the same for most car washes (even those where someone actually hand dries my car).   I will definitely be back to keep my car looking good!
