1	My girlfriend took her Coach bag to this dry cleaners and when she got it back, it had a tear on the exterior that was as big as a quarter.  When confronted about the damage, the woman at the counter became very aggitated and refused to pay for the damage done to the bag.  I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and Celebrity Dry Cleaning did not respond to the BBB either.  I highly recommend choosing a different dry cleaner.
1	THEY MADE QUACKING-TALK TO MUCH HAND GESTURES TO MY FACE!   I took my cashmere wool blend coat to Celebrity Drycleaners.  Because of the cashmere blend, I specifically asked for a quote on the item.  The quote was reasonable, upon my return to pick up the coat I was charged double what I was quoted.    I was told there was no way they quoted me that price and they called me a liar.  It was so rude, the other customers in the store started to argue for me (thank goodness for good people sticking up for each other).  When I continued to try and get the quoted price, the counter person made the gesture with her hands, like a duck quacking (the gesture you make when someone is talking too much).   Wow!  I called her out on that!   It was so rude.  When I asked to talk to the owner, the lady suddenly didn't understand english.  Then, after finally understanding the word "owner" said she was the owner.  What a joke!  I filed a compliant with the Better Business Bureau. Celebrity Cleaners refused to respond to BBB letters.  I've used this service for my husbands business shirts and pressing services on and off for more than 10 years.  I'd be crazy to give them any more business.
5	Ok, I can see why some folks are upset. I would not take a specialty item, like a leather bag, or cashmere coat, or wedding dress to this dry cleaner (even though the signage says they do those things), but for everyday items like shirts and pants, or blouses and skirts, they can't be beat. I've been using them for my husband's work clothes and my dresses every week for over a year. How do I love them? Let me count the ways...1. Convenient:  Close to home and in a shopping center I visit frequently.2. Open early and late: 7-7 during the week, Saturday hours are more limited, closed on Sundays. 3. Friendly: everyone there has been very friendly and welcoming to me. One of the ladies knows my car and gets my order ready to go before I even come in. I'm not sure what country they are from, but it's obvious that English is not their first language. They still manage to convey their meaning effectively and understand what I'm saying. (This is another reason I wouldn't bring them a special item. I think the language barrier is a potential problem.)4. Helpful: they check pockets before cleaning the clothes and rescued my husband's rosary beads for me. They were neatly set aside in a small plastic baggie attached to our order.5. Workmanship: everything comes back looking and smelling clean and sharp. They've never torn anything or even lost a button. All stains I've alerted them to have been marked and removed with no damage to the garments. 6. No chemical smells. Usually they have the doors open, but there's never any smell that I've noticed. 7. Timely: orders are ready the next day no matter what time you drop them off. They will tell you "after 5pm" but usually they are ready to be picked up after 3. 8. Reasonably priced. Not the best deal in town, but good enough for our budget. This week we had 7 shirts and 5 pairs of pants and the bill was about $44. 9. Reserved parking, there are at least three spaces reserved for their customers, which is great in this busy shopping center. 10. They recycle. You can take back your hangers and plastic, instead of cluttering up your trash or recycle bin at home.
