5	I fell in love with this store and I just have to tell you about it.So I saw Electric Lemonade when I was at First Friday earlier this month.  But at that point I was already in the car and heading home so I made a mental note to check it out next time I was in the neighborhood.  Last night just happened to be that night.I wasn't expecting much when I went in.  I never have luck at vintage stores.  Either I find something I like but it's way overpriced, I find nothing I like (because "vintage" to some stores are clothes from 1996), or the place/clothes are so dirty that I just don't feel like looking around.  Well I'm happy to report that none of these are true at Electric Lemonade.  The store is bright and clean, they have pieces from the 1930's (hair accessories) to the 1980's (Journey tour t-shirts), and the prices are very reasonable for what you get.  Everything I saw here was clean with no holes or stains and it appears that a lot of thought goes into the items they choose to have in their store.You can find pretty much anything your heart desires here, including: bathing suits from the 50's and 60's, 1970's disco wear, purses, boots, and even a rack of more contemporary clothes featuring some independent clothing designers from L.A. and New York.  And don't fret, gentlemen, there is a great selection for you as well.  I saw my husband eying a few concert and sports t-shirts.  I really wanted him to get some super cool cowboy boots that were in his size (and only $50!) but unfortunately I couldn't convince him.  There are a few large, bright changing rooms to try things on.  The girl working when we were in (Employee? Owner?) was really sweet and answered the many questions we had.I am now the proud owner of a rockin' early 80's t-shirt and the coolest dress from the 60's that has roosters on it.  I am beyond stoked on my finds.I would say this place is a must-stop if you are into vintage clothing.  If not, I would still say to check it out if you are in the area or out celebrating First Friday- you might be surprised and find something you really like.  I definitely can't wait to get back over there and see what awesome new (I mean vintage?) pieces I can find!On the southwest corner of Charleston and 3rd Street.  Storefront is facing Charleston.  There are a few parking spots behind the building.*****************Hipster News Update: According to Electric Lemonade's facebook page, Florence + the Machine (not sure if they mean just Florence Welch or her band as well) spent two hours here before their concert at the Cosmo. Can you tell I'm jealous I missed seeing her?
5	Electric Lemonade is awesome.  I recently moved here from Portland, Oregon and was looking for something with not only great merchandise, but a good vibe.  This is the place.  When you walk in, its like stepping into a funkadellic 1960s inspired fashion studio.  You feel like you've discovered a secret that may be too good to be true.  But its not.  Their vintage merchandise is the real deal.  They have an excellent selection of men's and women's clothing: concert tee shirts, pearl snap western inspired shirt, vintage denim, and sweet hats.  The best part is the quality of their clothes.  I don't feel like I'm buying vintage clothes from the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s.  Its all in great condition.  The two women who work there told me they hand select all their stuff, which is means its only of the highest quality.My girlfriend loves to shop there as well.  I'm not an expert on women's fashion, but she always comes home with a new hat, shirt, or acid wash shorts from ELS.  She raves about the jewelry as well, the David Bowie necklace is her favorite.  Electric Lemonade Shop is definitely worth a trip downtown when you're in Vegas.
4	The shop is bright, clean, and there was no funky smell unlike other vintage shops I've been in. While the place is small, I think it is their variety that appealed to me. I saw some 60's mod-looking dresses, vests, rompers, as well as this adorable retro swimsuit. When I looked at some dresses, I thought "wow, this is something my mother would have worn when she was young". The shop itself is decorated with retro furniture and art pieces. Prices seemed fair considering the age/style and cleanliness of the garments. Unfortunately I didn't spend too long in the shop, as my friend was looking for something specific. I'll be back here to try things on during my next trek Downtown.
5	I decided to check out ELS since I work nearby and fell in love with the shop, they have a lot of nice clothes, I was surprised when I found a lot of things I liked and I am very picky when it comes to clothes, I like it much better than The Attic,  the store had a great vibe and the girl at the cash register was very nice and friendly, I've gotten great jewelry here, on the plus they sometimes have vintage deadstock.
3	For Las Vegas, this was the only shop that had an actual selection of vintage denim jackets which I was looking for. The only downside is that they were quite overpriced and they didn't that extremely vintage-worn-out look to them, they were pretty similar to just buying a new denim jacket but for about twice the price. Other than that there was a unique and cool collection of clothing, not the cheapest, but definitely met my expectations. Very limited selection for men, definitely a lot more for women.
5	As far as vintage shops in Vegas, electric lemonade has the best picks.  You can tell the buyers put some thought into the items and vibe of the place.  The name is just as quirky as the shop too, its based off the Electric Kool Aid Acid Test movement in the 60s.  I also applaud them for a well developed business plan.  They are very much a part of the resurgence of downtown Vegas.
5	It didn't take long for Electric Lemonade to become my favorite vintage shop in Las Vegas. The selection is always fantastic--you can find a wide array of clothing from 80s concert tees to 30s gowns, and each piece is unique and in excellent condition. Unlike some other vintage shops I've been to, there's no attempt to repackage Contempo Casuals clothes from the late 90s as being vintage. Everything here is authentic, because the owners know vintage clothing. Aside from being knowledgeable, the owners and staff are also very friendly and go above and beyond what's expected of them. My first purchase from Electric Lemonade was a pink, handmade dress from the early 60s. The woman at the register spotted a tear I hadn't noticed and took an additional 20% off the already discounted price. A few months later, I bought a beautiful 30s day dress and mentioned that it was a birthday present for myself. Again, the woman at the register took 20% off the already very reasonable price because it was my birthday. Neither time did I ask for or expect a discount. I just goes to show the kind of courtesy the owners extend to their customers. For those of you who aren't as into the treasure-hunting aspect of vintage shopping, the store itself is clean and well-organized and feels more like a boutique than someone's attic. The flip-side of this is that the prices may be a little higher than other second-hand stores. However, the prices reflect the quality of the pieces and the work which goes into getting them all under one roof. This isn't a rummage sale, it is a carefully curated vintage boutique, and I am happy to drop $50 or $60 on a unique, well-made, beautiful piece of vintage clothing because I know I will wear it, I know it will be a quality piece, and I know it will get me noticed. I have about a half dozen dresses from here and they're all among my favorites, and whenever I wear them I get a ton of compliments. And if $60 sounds like a bit much for you, they have quite a few sales. You just need to follow them on Facebook and you'll be notified of when the next sale is coming up. All in all, I couldn't recommend Electric Lemonade highly enough. If you're a lover of vintage clothing, or if you're looking for a unique accessory or article of clothing, come here first.
5	This is the best vintage store in Las Vegas.  It is hard to find good vintage stores here, but this one has a nice selection without ridiculously high prices.  ELS is much better than The Attic and ALWAYS has a great selection of accessories.  I have gotten the cutest hats, bags, sunglasses, and jewelry.  The clothes are sometimes hit and miss, but that's how I feel all vintage shops are - they always have some really awesome pieces just not always in the right size.  They have a wide selection from the 20's to the 80's.  The location is excellent for downtown, with easy parking and a good location.  Also, the customer service is amazing.  Everyone has always been SO nice whenever I've gone in there and it's just a fun place to be.
4	This is a really cool vintage shop downtown with pretty accesible prices. The owner is from Brooklyn I believe, and I think she seeks out brand name and obsure designers alike. When the store just opened she had a Pucci gown that was in the window forever, it was really pretty but cost like $300 dollars. They have a ton of cowboy boots, which makes me think they were super fans of Bon Jovi back in the day. The clothing itself is a mix between Mad Men meets farmer girl meets Mary Tyler Moore. Very eclectic but very cool.
5	I've been to this store a few times over the last year and their selection of vintage always seems to be developing with the current fashion styles. The music atmosphere is always interesting to me and I always hear something new that I haven't heard before when I go there. Also, I really like how they decorate their window and chalkboard sign for when I drive by, it kind of reminds me of the movie Mannequin, "Hollywood!" The last time I was in there one of the girls who works there was telling me they are starting to carry new items as well as vintage stock. I think she said they are going to open up the second floor soon with even more clothes, can't wait! I really wish I knew where they find their stock! They have some things there from the 1920s all the way to 1980s concert tees; which are my favorite. Prices can vary depending on what you're looking for but I was able to get a couple of shirts for a very reasonable price. It's definitely more of a boutique store than a thrift store.One thing I wish I knew before the first time I went there is where to park. They actually have a private parking lot for their customers but it's not visible from the street. The store is on the corner of 3rd and Charleston and the private parking lot is behind the building on 3rd street so you don't have to walk a mile to get there like I did.
5	I love this little shop! My brothers girlfriend Jess took me here because we both have an affinity towards unusual vintage finds and it did not dissapoint. Their prices are very reasonable too. I will definitely come back often
4	This place is great! Everything there is true vintage, but some of it is altered or reconstructed. I got a gorgeous 1950s bathing suit and some rad sunglasses for a little over $50 which is GREAT considering their flawless condition. The one girl on staff was very nice and helpful. The only downside was how small the place was and it's lack of parking. Other than that, it's a great stop away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip :)
5	Electric Lemonade is bigger and better than ever!  This is the only place in town where I regularly buy clothes, and I'm thrilled that they opened up the second floor with even more vintage awesomeness for me shop through.  More 70's band t-shirts, please and thank you.You can still find some small, boutique labels of modern pieces on the first floor, but the new addition to the store allows you to go crazy looking for the perfect vintage item.  It could be something you need (an Over the Hill t-shirt for your birthday) or something you had no idea you needed (an 80's jacket advertising a record store that belonged to a girl named Carolyn).  It's a win-win situation.I still adore the store and the girls that own it and I'm so happy to see their business growing.  If you haven't been, get your butt down there pronto.  You can thank me later.Reminder:  This is not a thrift store, so don't expect Goodwill prices.  They do the digging and searching for you so all you have to look through are great pieces.  That being said, their prices are cheaper than the sweat-shop clothes in the malls that are designed to look vintage.  Support a local business instead and get yourself real vintage that's one-of-a-kind.
5	Great vintage clothing find! Whatever decade you're looking for can be found here! Clothing is all in fantastic condition! I picked up an awesome Rosie the Riveter style jumpsuit for a steal! Good selection of vintage concert tees too!
