4	I love this place! After a morning of searching of places where to go, I decided to call my aunt to see where she had gone before and if she had liked it. She recommended I go here, since my little 6 year old cousin came here for some teeth work & loved it. & any dentist that is 6 year old approved is good in my book! The day I happened to go in, they accepted walk ins.*The staff is EXTREMELY helpful (: Especially the gentleman at checkout (didn't catch his name, my bad!) and Julia who was the scribe/dental assistant. The gentleman helped me understand all the pricing, what the insurance would pay, and gave me his experience of when he got the same procedure I would have the next week. He was VERY friendly, assuring me that I was in the right place. Now onto Julia! Honestly, if Julia wasn't there, I don't think I would have had such a great experience. She made me feel comfortable, talked to me to put me at ease, and explained everything perfectly so I would understand. I am returning soon to have a couple teeth extracted, and they have vanished any fear I might have by assuring me that everything will turn out fine.  The doctor was very nice and seemed very skilled and knowledgeable.I am confident in my choice of dental place&  I hope to stay with Neighborhood Dental for a long time! I am giving ND 4 stars for their awesome staff (with an exception**) awesome equipment, office environment, and prices.Stef*They take walk-ins on most days, but I believe there are also a couple days dedicated to appointments only.
4	I've been searching around for a dentist to go to and someone tipped me off that Neighborhood Dental was a good bet.  I went in without an appointment and was seated within the half hour.  Call it good timing or plain luck, but the wait was relatively small compared to other dental offices I've been in.  I was given a preliminary exam, the price for the procedure, and even had the procedure done in the same day.  Quick, helpful, and friendly.  Will definitely consider this office when I need dental work done in the future.
1	VERY OVERPRICED! even with insurance! What this dentist told me i needed done was going to be over $900! I went not far away to All Star Dental on Bonanza and Nellis and i paid 190! The staff was very nice and polite but for the out of pocket expenses I would not recommend this dentist.
5	Hands down the BEST DENTIST EVER! The staff is friendly & prices are reasonable, I don't know what Alyssa is talking about in the comment below. Over all they are amazing!
5	Still love this place. Monica and Cindy are really great staff, always greet me with a friendly smile and are willing to help with any questions I may have. Love this place!
5	I am so happy with the way they helped with my teeth the staff is friendly i have gone to other dentist and after they saw my teeth i would be in tears and very insecure about my smile now i only smile and would recommend my own mother to go here thank you to all the staff and look forward to having you in my life from here on out
5	Love love love this dental office. Everyone is always so nice & helpful. Front desk lady named Cindy is just the sweetest.
5	I've been coming to this place for the last 6 years. Absolutely love it! Staff is friendly, really helpful and the place is clean. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
