1	Not so much.  I should have known...That pretty much sums up my experience with this office.  My disclaimer is that my issues are with the staff and not the actual doctor.  He was fine, but nothing to write home about.  (Side note: he kind of reminds me of Alfred Molina.)  Anyway, back to the staff...I had a sore throat for days and regardless of my valiant efforts to drown myself with tea, water, and throat drops, it was getting worse.  I called in sick to work on Wednesday and went on a mission to find a new doctor near my house since the last one was only so-so and doesn't work at the office in my neighborhood which she used to.  I found this office and when I talked to the receptionist I should have known it was going to be bad, but it's crazy hard to get a same-day new patient appointment.  I was able to get a 1045 appointment when I called shortly after 9.  Sounds promising.They get a lot of my information off of the phone call and didn't tell me to come in early to complete paperwork, so I arrive at 1040.  I sign in and get handed the good ol' clipboard of forms.  I should have known...  I fill them out spastically so I am not holding up the appointments and can get on to the wellness I need.  Then I wait.  And wait.  And wait.  My only saving grace at this point is the fact they are showing "What About Bob?" on the TV and it serves as a mild distraction from my growing angst.  Then I wait a little more.  And then some more.  Finally (AT 1140!!!) I get taken to a room by a semi-unfriendly nurse.  She takes my blood pressure about 5 times before she can get it - I don't know what she's doing and am not convinced she does either.   She finishes all the other prep measurements and says the doctor will be in soon.  So I wait.  And wait.  And wait.  At this point I wish I brought in a magazine or something.  Then I wait more.  Then I manage to find some magazines tucked away, but am now too tired, mad, and lazy to get one.  So I wait.  And wait.Finally (AT 1215!!!) the doctor comes in.  He goes through a bunch of non-noteworthy questioning and examining.  He takes a throat culture and then tells me he thinks it's either viral or Strep.  He says the results of the throat culture will be in on Friday (two days from the visit) and they will call me with the results.  He gave me some antibiotics to start just in case it is Strep and sent me on my way.  I think the hour and a half wait was beyond ridiculous.  Especially for the 10 minute appointment.  Couldn't one of them just say they were running late when I got there??  I think that's just a common courtesy and I would have been less irritated if they would have told me that up front.  Bitches.  Ugh, I've had about enough of them already.Fast forward two days.  I am anxiously awaiting the test results so I know what I've got and whether I still need to take the meds or not.  I haven't heard from them by 230, so I give them a ring.  I nicely say I was in on Wednesday and was told my throat culture results would be in on Friday, I hadn't heard back, and I wanted to check if it was in.  I was told (imagine irritated put-off voice with unnecessary attitude) no, it wasn't in and if it was, they would call me and let me know.  Grr.  I asked if she thought it would be in today.  She told me (remember the voice and attitude) no, and even if it did, the doctor would have to look at it first and he was gone for the day.  When they do get it in, they will call me.  Double Grr.  Not a shred of customer service in the whole building (except for What About Bob).Stay as far away from this place as possible.  The staff is SO awful that I'm sure you would be more satisfied with a lesser doctor with better staff.  They are just as important in the doctor visit experience.  I will not be going back here ever and as much as I hate trying to find a new doctor again, I welcome that struggle compared to this angry house of medicine.  I should have known...
4	I've seen Dr. Darrin Saikley a few times this year. Sometimes the wait time can be long.When I do  see him he is very kind, takes his time and listens to what I have to say. I think hes fair and tries to relate to you. The staff at Dr. Saikleys office has been kind as well. My Daughter has gone with me every time and they were very sweet to her. I DO recommend this Doctor. I must note that I was seen at the Cave Creek office...NOT the Litchfield. Thanks
5	Love the new office!  9250 N 3rd Street suite 3025. Phoenix.  602-246-9080. I noticed his old address is still on here!  I went by the new office to schedule an appointment and everyone was so friendly and helpful.
