4	We dined in for dinner on Opening Day. It's a quaint, but clean space serving up eats from their native Puebla, Mexico. The menu is pretty simple with a about dozen items to choose from. Don't expect to find burritos, nachos and dishes loaded with cheese and sour cream. Instead, you'll find tacos and tortas with a few fresh ingredients.We were warmly welcomed; we took a minute to look over the menu and a few suggestions were offered. We ordered Torta De Pierna and Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. We were given free dessert and a fountain drink as a grand opening special. We took a seat and after a short wait, our dinner was delivered.The Torta ($7) is tender pork in adobo sauce on a crusty roll with beans and topped with avocado. It was a great sandwich only made better with the spicy red sauce that was brought over when we mentioned we loved heat. It was smoky with a nice kick. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano ($7) is shredded chicken rolled in corn tortillas covered with Mole Poblano and onions. Mole can be wonderful when it's good and downright awful when it's bad. Fortunately, this version was well done and one of the better versions I've ever had. The chocolate and chili peppers are harmonious in the this sauce. I've found that is rarely the case so this was so refreshing. I found the chicken a bit bland on its own but with the milder darker red sauce it was a match made in heaven. Dessert was chunks of jello and grapes in a milky sauce. It's slightly sweet. I like it best with the peanuts sprinkled over the top for a salty bite with crunch. We weren't sure what the purpose of the peanuts were, but when we asked it was explained that it is common for the people of Puebla to snack on them while they enjoy their meal. I've never heard of such a thing, but I love being educated on regional customs. Portions are on the smaller side. No grande meals here so if you have a hearty appetite order a couple items.
4	I had been looking forward for this spot to open and I have not been disappointed. I find the space warms and inviting and feel as though I am in a small eatery in Mexico. My husband ordered the Torta Pierna. He found it had a nice kick and was more sandwich than he was expecting, but the taste was so delightful he finished it in spite of being full. I ordered the chicken taco special. I found this dish good, but a wee bit on the bland side. I have had the single taco as well with the mole and limes. It's the first item on the menu, the name is escaping me, I apologize. But THAT is fantastic. All they need to do is spice up the food and kick it up a notch or two and this could be a nifty little gem here in the valley. OH! They have real Coke, in bottles, made with sugar! Hey, I was excited.
5	Holy Mole Poblano! Yes, that is what is served here at Las Cazuelas!  I took a glance at the menu that was outside their storefront and noticed they had a bunch of Mexican food not found elsewhere. If you're looking for Pueblan food fare, well here it is! That's the big appeal for me. Although the menu selection is slim, I love the variety of dishes they have to offer. My second visit here ended up being a mini fiesta of sorts. Orders of Mole Poblano, Pelonas, Frijoles Charros, Elote and complimentary tortilla chips and salsa covered my table. Yes all that for me. I had already tried most of the dishes on my first visit here and got hooked. The Pelonas especially! They remind me of sliders, only this is the Mexican version of it. The mini egg bun is fried with paste of refried beans smeared on and marinated shredded beef with combo Mexican sour cream/salsa sauce. Real simple but so good!  Oh and it's accompanied by the best beans ever! Frijoles Charros! Cowboy beans but Mexican version the owner explains to me.  The beans are the kind that's firm on outside and soft when you take a bite like it's been cooking all day. Simmering in with bacon, chorizo, and sausage too! It made one heck of a hearty dish.Mole poblano is legit.  With the dark chocolate prominent. So it was more sweet, not too spicy. Oh by the way, with that said, I have to do the eye roll when I read or hear "needs more spice" or "not enough of this..too much of that"  blah blah blah. Not going to act like I know Mexican cuisine, nor am I some self proclaimed expert in tacos or whatever. There are regional differences in some of the dishes. Not all are the spicy variety. So any preconceived notion of enchiladas doused with spicy red sauce and drowned in cheese do not apply here. It's a small operation run by husband and wife. Friendly, very humble and a super sweet couple.  So service is more personalized. Everything is prepared to order so my food came out one at a time for the most part, definitely not like the to-go fast food eateries speedwise.  I didn't mind a bit, since I wasn't in hurry. Serving portions are not the super size versions here either, but are just as filling. Everything is under $10. My mini fiesta was around $20ish ..not bad at all. Fast/casual little restaurant. Order at counter and your meal is brought out to you when ready. The dining area is really pretty. Love the wall art deco, unique pallets with knick knacks from Mexico attached. Turns out that the wife made and decorated the place. The space is small with four tables that seat 4 fills up. No worries though, there is plenty seating outdoors in the courtyard shared with the hot dog and boba place.  How cool is that a few of my go to places are just a hop, skip and a jump away from each other.
5	As a Mexican, I always tell people that Mexican food is not just burritos and tacos; well, this is the place to taste truly authentic Mexican food. The owners are really sweet. Loved it!
5	Definitely 5 star food and service. a little different than your "typical" Mexican Restaurant But you should try it, awesome food and friendly people.
5	This small ( 4 table) yet quaint restaurant is situated in a small plaza on the corner of Silverado/Eastern.  It is embedded in between Yummy Sushi Grill and Windy City Beefs and Pizza.  It's a great addition to the center as it is not your typical Mexican Food Restaurant.  It is a family owned business and the husband and wife team are very modest and friendly.  You can tell their mission is to showcase their native food from their city of Puebla.  Our menu consisted of the following:**Molletes: A split hoagie topped with beans, mozzarella cheese and lots of pico de gallo (chopped tomato, onion and chilies) added after the sandwich is grilled in the oven so the cheese can melt.  Unfortunately, our son is quite picky so he had his with just the beans and cheese...let's just say he licked his plate clean!Chicken Enchilada Mole:  This is definitely not your average enchilada as it is dressed in a chocolate-rich mole sauce.  Not my favorite but could be YOURS!**Pelonas: 2 sliders filled with marinated shredded beef fried with a smear of refried beans dressed with sour cream and salsa.  The description sounds nothing extravagant but believe me it will leave you wanting to order more...which we did ofcourse.Chanclas, slider-sized bolillo rolls filled with shredded chicken and avocado and drizzled with a chorizo-infused sauce...this is definitely worth the mess or a knife and fork will do too.Like I said earlier on my tip: you may want to look at the menu completely before ordering the tapas like dishes.  On our first visit, we started with one dish, then had to try another, and couldn't leave until we tried one more item!  Finally my husband and I agreed to return on another day as to not explode with all the yummy goodness.I have a feeling this place won't be here too long (in a good way) as they will need a bigger brick and mortar to accommodate their Foodie Fans!
5	My husband and I saw this place during one of our many trips to Target and decided to drop in for lunch. The menu is very limited but it seems like everything on it is delicious and done very well! They offer plates that are very difficult to find at a "fast food" Mexican restaurant - or really ANY typical Mexican restaurant. Very authentic. The place is small, but clean. It is clear that the owner really cares about presentation - not just of the restaurant but of the plates as well. The mole poblano is DELICIOUS and very authentic. Very very close to the mole my abuela and suegra make. The torta de pierna was also perfect!When the plates came out my husband and I thought it wouldn't be enough food. As it turns out the serving size was perfect. We were satisfied but not overstuffed. I'm definitely looking forward to returning to this place many more times to try everything else on the menu.
4	TWO IS NOT ENOUGHSome of us may remember the Sabor Restaurant behind Mimi Cafe on Stephanie in Hendertucky. Yu-go Chauffeur was absolutely in love with Mexico's west coast prehispanica influenced cuisine.   Sabor's menu pricing was a bit too rich for Hendertucky back then. It's no longer with us.  I think Las Cazuelas brings back that sabor cuisine favorably and much more affordable.The American perception of Mexican cuisine is of a yellow bell i.e. tacos and burritos. This afternoon we ordered their sweet chocolate Enchiladas de Mole Poblano plus Enchiladas de Verdes. Oops, we also got  a small bowl of nachos and salsa to start. Next our meals are delivered on Azteca mirror like polished metal plates with shiny brass handles accompanied by white plastic forks. I can relate to the pallets creatively utilized as their wall decor.On each plate lies four chicken enchiladas. One with sweet not bitter chocolate sauce and the other with verde (green slightly spicy) sauce. Let's just say it faster to prepare four small taquitos than one or two heavier enchiladas.  Not gonna pull the sheet over your eyes and say it was a fulfilling eating experience. Personally I think another entree would have enabled us to leave without having to stop at a taco stand.The next time I am better prepared to order differently.
5	Stumbled on this place while searching for Mexican food on yelp, and I'm so glad i did! Amazing food and amazing owners! I had the mole enchiladas which was awesome. Cant wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
5	Here right now.   Excellent food.  This is real mexican food..not americanized.  Had the chanclas (roll stuffed w chicken with chorizo sauce on top), molletes (bread toasted w beans and mozzarella) and chilaquiles (sort of like nachos).  Great choices and great food.  Will be back to try more.  Great value too.
5	Cute decoration and good food. I order the Taco Arabe and it was pretty tasty. Also had the Elote and it was very very good, I was a bit worried for the mayo thinking it was going to have tons of it, not at all. Definitely coming back.
5	Great Mexican place! My husband and I found it randomly and we were very satisfied. I was very pleased with the Enchiladas Verdes and Enchiladas de Mole, they are way better that the ones at Lindo Michoacan and half the price! The place is convenient located and looks very clean. Staff is friendly and helpful.
5	If you like authentic Mexican food but want to try something different this is your place. Great prices, variety and super kind staff.The mole poblano is the best, and they open daily from 9 to 9!
3	I have heard nothing but great things about Las Cazuelas.  So, we decided to give it a try for lunch.  The employees were very friendly.  After ordering, we were brought chips and salsa very quickly.  The salsa was extremely watery, which I don't care for.  The flavor was okay, not great, but I've certainly had worse.I had the chicken verde enchiladas, the wife had the quesadilla arabe, which is filled with cheese, pork and chipotle sauce.  We also tried the beans, mini molletes, and esquites.  My favorites were the enchiladas and molletes.  The molletes are sort of a Mexican bruschetta, refried beans, pico, and cheese spread over soft bread.  I loved the pico, I think next time I go to Las Cazuelas I'll ask for that instead of salsa.  The enchiladas were simple, just shredded chicken topped with cheese and lots of verde sauce.  I really liked the sauce, which made the dish.  The beans were basic.  The esquites, or warm corn salad, was okay.  I didn't get any lime or spices, pretty much hot mayo, cheese and corn.  The quesadilla was cheesy, but it didn't have much meat.  I don't know if this is how they serve them or if we just got a sparsely filled quesadilla.Everyone is loving this place and it's getting great write ups in local magazines.  So, it's likely that we ordered the wrong stuff (clearly should have tried a mole dish).  I'll return and give some other menu items a shot.
5	Fantastic family owned authentic mexican food.   I have been here 3 times since I figured out they were near me 2 weeks ago.  My favorite are the green enchiladas.It's so much better than chain mexican food.  Stop by and give them some support :)4 stars for the food + 1 star for friendly service.  I really feel like they appreciate my business!
4	Authentic Mexican by family owners. Loved the pork and avocado sandwiches swimming in red broth. Mole poblano which was very good , is an acquired taste that may not be enjoyed as much by those expecting Americanized Mexican cuisine.  Try the roasted corn epizote  ( less messy when ordered off the cob.) If you wanted a truly tasty Mexican meal made by "su abuela's" loving hands, this is the place!
4	This place was amazing from the rice to the enchiladas salsa verde to the corn on the cob elotes I believe it was called. But yeah me and my boyfriend wanted some good Mexican food and we heard nacho daddy was some weird white people twist on Mexican food so we were not down for that haha. But thanks to the ever wonderful yelp we found this place!!! It's very small but the food is delicious and I didn't have anything that I didn't like. My only complaint is that I wish their menu was bigger and the prices weren't so high. But other than that this place is definitely worth trying and even though I'm a little cheapo it's worth the money too. Support this local business and give it a try they definitely deserve it.
5	Today was my first visit and off of that alone I can see myself becoming a regular here. I had an order of pelonas with a side of frijoles charros and a taco oriental and all I can say is wow! It's very refreshing to find a spot where the food gives you that real homemade with love type of feel. I'm so glad I found this place, especially in an area where it's hard to find anything authentic!
4	Don't really eat Mexican food out much.  Usually prefer the homemade stuff.  In Vegas though I don't get much of that either so I decided to venture and try this place based on the great reviews.  We tried the chicken enchiladas with green sauce, mini-molletes, and a quesadilla arabe.  I got the chipotle sauce from the quesadilla on the side, just in case.  It wasn't too spicy but had delicious smoky flavor.  If you're a bit shy with spicy food, ask them to try the sauce before you order, they're happy to comply.  Great place, and I will most definitely be back!
5	5 for good food on the cheap and good service. It's family owned, and they were really nice! And it's also a bonus that it's really conveniently close to our new place.What we ordered (in the order of fave to least):-molletas-enchiladas de salsa verde-chanclas (w sauce on the side so bread doesn't get soggy)-taco arabe-frijoles charros -corn in mayo, cheese, and lime
4	Quick Tip: It not an expensive place but it's clean and prices are really good. Also, you get complimentary chips and salsa if u r dinning in.Restaurant is located right across from target. Its got many other restaurants in the vicinity including a hot dog joint and a boba tea place. It's a competitive area for a restaurant. However, what sets this place apart from others is the authenticity of the food. Mexican food in Henderson is easy to find; Robertos, Lindo Michocan, etc., but the taste of the food items in this place is exquisite. My favorite dish at this restaurant is Chicken Mole Enchiladas ($7). The mole sauce is rich and flavorful and enchiladas are in the league of their own. The meat is tender and has the right amount of spices. I could eat two plates of this because of the sauce. Chanclas; which is more like a french dip with avocado and shreaded chicken and its drenched in spicy sauce. Its wasn't my favorite, because the sauce didn't have much flavor to it. Complimentary, chips and salsa is good but salsa did have a lot of salt in it. Overall, this is an excellent place for cheap-authentic mexican food. I would highly recommend  you to checkout this location.  Mole chicken enchilada's are to die for.
5	I enjoyed everything about this place.  I loved the review from Shirley B and it was a place not to miss.  My wife wanted to try some Mexican Food and of course, I was looking for something very authentic... Glad to have found this place!a.  Ambiance - 5 Star - Ok, perhaps this may make you think too much, but this place is very basic, very simple and has 4 tables with 4 chairs each.  So approximately 16 people max.  There is nothing very special about this place or decor, but you know what it was simple yet just right for my expectations. Basic is often very good.b.  Menu - 4 star - The menu is also very basic and if these dishes are available at other Mexican Eateries, I have not seen most of them.  The menu has a limited choice of such foods as Enchiladas, Chanclas, two types of tacos, frijoles, Molletes, Huevos Rancheros and some other choices...c.  The food - 4 star - As I wanted to go authentic, the most authentic dish that I personally like is Caldo de Res, which I have found only in a few restaurants. This is a beef bone soup with vegetables.  So, when I meant authentic, I meant not tacos, burritos, tamales, and fajitas....  So we ordered:Enchiladas de Mole Poblano - Chicken in a corn tortilla with the mole sauce.Enchiladas de Salsa Verde - Chicken in  a corn tortilla with the green sauce.Chanclas - bread with chicken, avocado and onions with a chorizo sauce.Molletes - bread with refried beans, cheese, pico de galloI enjoyed the verde, the chancels and the molletes very much.  Since I am not a huge fan of Mole Poblano, I have to say that it was good, just not something I would personally order.  The enchilada was great though.  The chicken very tender!d.  The price - all very reasonable!e.  The service - Excellent small family style.GK says to check this place out for some really good stuff.  My next visit will be the frijoles, and the esquires!
5	There are few places you find that serve REAL Mexican cuisine at reasonable prices.  This is one!!  You must try it.  Not Tex-Mex, this is the real thing.
5	Great service. Food is fresh and affordable. The Molletes are so good. I would highly recommend this place for a good mexican lunch.
5	Green Chile Chicken Enchilada is Amazing! It's a small portion but it's worth it, plus you don't need the extra calories. Staff are friendly and courteous! I also love the fact that it's next to No.1 Boba!
5	It's very rare that you find an amazing gem tucked away in an unexpected place. I had their enchiladas salsa verde and it was ridiculous. This place is a Lance Armstrong on PEDS and Robertos is that annoying little kid on the road that refuses to move out of your way when you are driving. You should quit reading this and just go experience it for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
4	I'm going to start off with their service-- because they were so friendly! When we were done with our food, he let us know we didn't have to clean, thanked us, and even the lady in the kitchen thanked us, lol. We ordered 2 elotes, one in a bowl and one on the cob. While we waited, he started us off with some chips and salsa; very addicting! I am so glad I found out about this place, because I would previously drive so far for non-authentic, over-priced elote. The way they prepare their's is perfect! They are very generous with the spread, and they give you a chili shaker so you could add spice to your liking. Was not expecting much from such a small, random restaurant that I found on Yelp. Will be back to try more food, possibly will be the first place I rate 5 stars.
4	I really enjoyed the Chili Relleno. It was just the right amount of breading and the sauces was delicious!!!!! Highly recommend this!
5	We wanted to try something new, so I yelped Mexican and Las Cazuelas came up first.  I was skeptical because I had never heard of it, but we decided to give it a whirl.  We are sold after one visit.  This place is a small, family owned hidden gem, nestled in between all the chain restaurants on Eastern!  I had chicken enchiladas de salsa verde and my husband had the taco oriental & chanclas (sliced bread rolls, stuffed with shredded chicken, avocado, onion, drizzled with chorizo sauce).  This was fun to try something new and the menu items are unique.  Everything was delicious and they serve complimentary chips and salsa.  Even the salsa was good, and different from any other salsa I have had before {which is a lot of types since chips and salsa is a staple food group for me}!  If you are looking for authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices, this is your place.
4	I have walked by this restaurant a few times, commented that we should try it, and yet never stopped in. The storefront is unremarkable, and while not uninviting there is very little to compel you to visit.After some discussion, we decided to try based on our previous statements and the fact it is nearby and some Mexican food that is more "home cooked" would be welcome.From the time we entered we were welcomed warmly, and I'm assuming the owner talked with us and helped us choose our dishes.We ordered 6 dishes between 6 people (2 kids) and the food was delivered very quickly. While we waited, we had ample chips and salsa. The salsa was interesting, very atypical. It had a jellied quality to it that I really liked. It wasn't so spicy, one of our kids was happy eating it.The rest of our lunch was fantastic. Very light flavors, the food itself wasn't so heavy which is unusual with a lot of Mexican dishes. I can see people being disappointed if they are expecting saturated flavors.Great service, great food, not a 5-star establishment just because of location and ambience. It's hard to get excited when you're in a Target parking lot.
5	I love this place, they serve authentic Mexican food (poblana) it's so yummy and delicious I can't have enough of it!!
4	Great food, great prices, great service... Bam!Not your usual Mexican hole in the wall.We had the mole enchiladas and Asian style tacos.
4	This small restaurant serves authentic Mexican cuisine from the Puebla region.  We arrived shortly after the posted 9AM opening hour, but the doors were locked.  After waiting awhile we were just preparing to depart when the owner finally arrived and asked us to give him 15 minutes.   On entry we were provided menus, glasses of water, and salsa and chips.  I noticed on the menu that the tacos included parsley versus the standard cilantro.  The owner explained that this was the authentic preparation in Puebla.  We each ordered huevos rancheros which were very high quality and delicious.  I also mentioned that we would come back some time to try the mole and he offered a sample but I did not want to hang around waiting for it to be reheated.
5	Looking for authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas?  Look no further!  Las Cazuelas is an amazing little restaurant located unobtrusively in a strip mall south and east of the Strip.  The proprietors are from Puebla, Mexico and most of the ingredients that go into their food are from there also. Their menu is limited, but what they lack in number of selections they more than make up for in amazing flavors and smells.  It's not just the entrees, but the accompaniment of the homemade sauces that make this little gem of a restaurant remarkable.  Their mole is second to none.I travel a lot for business, love real Mexican food and search out same at all my destinations.  I would put the food of Las Cazuelas against some of the best Mexican food I've tasted including all of southern California, a bastion of amazing authentic Mexican food experiences.  Note, the place is small and doesn't serve alcohol.  A shot or two of a nice plata tequila would complement their food nicely.  I wonder if they have a BYOB policy (forgot to ask).I will be back...again and again.
5	Food was soooo delicious.  Chilaqulies tastes so authentic. You really can't go wrong no matter what you chose. It will be DELICIOUS !!!!!!!!
4	Let me preface this with some background- I'm a protege of the chef that put modern southwestern cooking on the map and have traveled extensively through Mexico, and I believe that hospitality and cuisine are a Mexican national treasure. I know Tex-Mex from New Mexican and Tijuanan-Border from Baja-Californian.This is the best regional Mexican food I've experienced in 25 years living in LV. The mole poblano is benchmark, if not acme, and I haven't had anything on the menu that disappointed. The corn is can't-miss, and the enchiladas verdes are as benchmark as the mole. The passion for food in their kitchen and their ability to execute it far out-matches their humble location and lack of serious accompanying beverage (enjoy the frugality of BYOB here while it lasts). The serving dishes and plating reflect their passion and far exceed expectations.This might be the Mexican equivalent of Lotus of Siam...
5	I was looking for a new Mexican place and this was amazing. It's hidden, but it is so delicious! This place is in the corner of Silverado and Eastern and it has only been opened for eight months. I am going to really try to get this place some business because they were just phenomenal. I remembered seeing them in the Seven Magazine, but forgot about that for awhile until be stumbled upon it one evening. It was empty, but it was also almost 8pm so we were like the last customers before closing. They still were very kind from the time we ordered to the time we left. Like most places they served the chips and salsa while waiting for our food. The salsa was delicious. It was not chunky, which was great for me and it had this new taste that I cannot really describe. Thank goodness it was not too spicy either, just enough to make it heighten the taste buds. My friends also ordered guacamole, but I did not try it because I do not like my guacamole with tomato and onions in it, however, they said it was good.  Next was our meal. They served us with these dishes that were so unique. It was a silver plate with little hold crested handles. It almost felt like medieval Spain ware or something. I am not good with eras, but I am just trying to get if you all a good picture of how cool it was. So I ordered the verde enchiladas and they were amazing. I usually only ever have two enchiladas wherever I go because they are so filling, but this dish comes with four and I was at the point where you know your full, but your not dying with the overeating bloating feeling. It was just perfect. I also had a side of their rice , which is what I judge most Mexican places by, and even that was delicious; light and fluffy. I was completely in love with my entire meal. My friends tried the mole, which is what Seven magazine wrote about. If mole is something you like, then apparently it was really really good. I tried it, but it taste like chocolate and coffee to me which is not something that goes well with my taste buds. However, every other bite my friend was just in awe of how good it was. We all ordered something that hit the spot for the night of Mexican good cravings and we thank Las Cazuelas for providing us with the craving satisfaction and a good experience. We will be back soon I am sure!!
4	I like trying hole in the wall restaurants always looking for that gem.  This one may not have been the gem, but their friendly and fast.  Don't go here expecting TexMex or Americanized Mexican because you won't get it. They have very reasonably priced dishes and a lot is more ala' carte so you order the parts you want and it is still reasonable. It was good and we may return to try some of the other dishes.
5	Holy COW! This place is awesome. Off-the-beaten-track AUTHENTIC Mexican food. The owner and his wife cook and serve the dishes; all originating from their hometown of Puebla, in Southern Mexico. Prices are low, low, low, comparable to Mexican "fast food" joints like Roberto's and Fausto's, but without the canned ingredients or processed cheese. I had the Chanclas- shredded marinated chicken on boletto buns with fresh sliced avocado and onion in a charro broth. DELISH!My husband had the Huevos Rancheros and a Taco Oriental. He claimed his meal was heavenly and was so good that he ate it up, before I got a chance to have a taste!They give you free chips and salsa, if you dine in. The salsa was GREAT! Not too spicy and very refreshing. Then the owner let us sample the Flan for dessert. My goodness! It was like I stepped back into my grandmother's kitchen. The best Flan I've had since I left New York City, eleven years ago.We will be coming here again and again!
5	Seems like I've had these guys bookmarked for a while now. When my buddy Bronsen K. asked me to look up a place in the Eastern and Silverado Ranch area for lunch, Las Cazuelas was almost a no-brainer.They managed to be a hole in the wall in spite of being in a huge plaza. Proof? I somehow didn't even remember them even though I was at Windy City Beefs a few months ago. Luckily, they are on right on top of that signpost near the Eastern Ave entrance.After some brief discussion, Bronsen and I decided to split some Enchiladas de Mole Poblano and Enchiladas de Salsa Verde (both items $7.00 for 4). Both are based on shredded chicken inside corn tortillas, but aside from the obvious sauce differences, the Mole Poblano enchiladas had cotija cheese, a couple rings of raw white onion, and roasted sesame seeds, while the Salsa Verde had cream and melted mozzarella.I must confess that I have never had mole before. The rich chocolate-based yet savory sauce was relatively mild in spice, which was totally fine with me. The tomatillo green sauce on the other enchiladas was vibrant and perhaps a bit more spicy, and it felt entirely different even though it was chicken and corn flour underneath both. I really enjoyed both orders and was glad to have the experience.We also received some complimentary tortilla chips with a more medium-level red salsa to start. No complaints there. However, I had an extra Taco Oriental ($1.50) that  I could've done without. Pork, onions, parsley on corn tortilla, but nothing special compared to other taco places around town.I probably could've used another item or a larger portion to get full, but maybe I'm too picky about that sort of thing. I am certainly looking to try a lot of the other items on their menu, since the enchiladas at Las Cazuelas were so great to me.
1	I have to say once they brought us the chips and salsa we should have just gotten up to leave.. Store bought chips and salsa was obviously from a can. My corn had so much mayonnaise and cheese I had to scrape it off with a knife to eat it. The fruit on the menu was not fresh cut fruit as expected but some sort of gelatin with a can of fruit cocktail mixed in.. I would definitely reconsider the menu at this place. However my husband loved his torta.. I actually felt really sorry for the owners as you just know this place is never going to make it.
5	I tried this amazing place for the first time about 3 weeks ago and I must say I instantly fell in love. If you are looking for authentic Mexican food this is the place to eat at. The owners are always very friendly and attentive. I've tried only a few dishes and some desserts, and all of them are delicious. The mole is so rich in flavor, the best I've had in my life. The chanclas are some sort of sandwich stuffed with chicken and a sauce on it made out of chorizo and other ingredients, it's so delicious. I am glad we have this restaurant in the neighborhood. I'm ready to try all of their dishes. If you like to eat TexMex don't even bother to come here, they only have delicious authentic cuisine from the Central part of Mexico.
3	The glowing reports are, I think, grossly over stated. While no where near the  quality raved about this place is about average strip mall cafe.The biggest complaint that I have is the waiter. We never heard him utter one word of greeting, thanks, or goodby.VegasPier
5	Happened upon this place passing through town. Great spot for unique and delicious Mexican food. Mole enchiladas were so good. So was the corn, and these bruschetta type things with beans on em. My boys got the tacos and they looked awesome.
5	Delicious!! Little hole in the wall in target shopping center... Food was fresh, salsa delicious, green sauce and creme with the flautas  was dang good!I love family owned establishments...
5	Mole enchiladas here are on point! Next time I'm getting the plate of 4. The service was good and the fried ice cream was great!!!!!!! We will be back!!
5	The mole and the salsa verde were awesome! The owner was very nice. I recommend everyone to give this restaurant a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	The food tastes great & very authentic! I had the Huevos a la Mexicana. Perfect portion size. Free chips and salsa, and their salsa is the best I've had in a Mexican restaurant in a long time. Clean, small but great decor and "home-y" feel to it. Feel like I'm at my nana's restaurant, if she had ever had one, or like my nana's tio's cousin's daughter's in-laws place. So, my cousin's place :) I'm coming back with friends.
5	This place has some really unique and authentic items that are rare treats. The prices seem just a tad high, but the food is well worth it. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the owner is helpful when explaining or suggesting dishes.
5	My new spot for authentic Mexican food! You won't see most these items on most menus... Which is the best thing you can ask for. Molletes, enchiladas mole, pelonas, frijoles charros, and elotes and sodas for under $25.
4	Awesome green sauce. Enchilada salsa verde is a must get.  Elote is also delicious!!
2	Going to swim against the current here. I am a big supporter of family owned businesses. This place has gotten a lot of great reviews, in fact so many good reviews that, that is what brought us here.  The place itself is small and not good for larger groups. The service was good. We ordered red sauce enchiladas, verde enchiladas, tortas, and a quesadilla. the food was tasty, nothing that stood out that was better than other places. We sampled the molle sauce and it was pretty darn good.Here is my issue with the place; the portion sizes are lacking. Everything is about half the size of what you would get at other Mexican establishments for the same price. It's as if the dining-ware they purchased was from a misses cook set from Matel. Everyone left still somewhat hungry. Even the chips and salsa were small, I think they were single portions but we shared them among 5 of us.If I'm going to leave a Mexican joint I wan to leave fat and happy.
5	Amazing authentic Mexican food!The mole sauce is the best I've had
5	OH. MY. GOSH. EVERYTHING was on point. Everything! The service was amazing - we wanted to sit outside so the gentleman at the front of the restaurant brought us our salsa and chips. We then decided it was too hot and came back inside - without skipping a beat, or being upset, the same gentleman gave us the same great service. The dining area was gorgeous - quaint and authentic. A few pictures on the wall of what was on the menu really goes a long way. The food - INCREDIBLE! I have to recommend the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. Oh my gosh the BEST Green Tomatillo sauce I have EVER had. And half of my family, is Mexican! I saw so many other items on the menu that I wanted to try - which is unusual for me. I usually find one thing I like and stick with it every time I go to a restaurant. But here, I'm excited to try more! I know it's amazing when I am craving the same dish the next day. Oh and by the way --- the salsa with the chips they bring you first thing is absolutely delicious. Perfect amount of spicy and savory. So good. I would buy this stuff just to have it at home whenever I wanted! I only have one critique...and this may be a non - issue because I didn't ask too many questions. The majority of the menu seems to be focused around chicken. I cant imagine having a shredded beef enchilada with that same sauce, or even a pork enchilada...They may have more options though - you will have to ask, and so will I when I go in again...This weekend! :D
5	Definitely one of those hole in the wall type of restaurant with only 16 seats and delicious food. This is my second time here and will definitely keep coming back.The first time I came to this restaurant I ordered enchiladas de mole poblano and it is the best enchiladas I had ever eaten. It's definitely a must try. The BF ordered quesadilla arabe which was pretty good also with Elotes to share.Our second visit we ordered pelonas, quesadilla arabe, taco arabe, and Elotes. The BF really liked the quesadilla that's why he ordered it again. I would had ordered the enchiladas again but I wanted to try something different. I definitely recommend this place and next time I will definitely try the chile Renello!
2	Food was ok. It's more like appetizers priced at regular food item costs. The service was bad. The waiter never asked if we wanted anything to drink. We had to stand up and walk over to him to get a drink. My friend asked for a soda and they thought he asked for a salad. Food was enough as I don't eat much, but ended up going next to the hotdog place next to it and was able to enjoy the rest of my lunch there with a hotdog.
5	Would definitely recommend this restaurant. Food is great reminds me of home. Will be coming here a lot , even my daughter like it and she's picking.
5	I had the Frijoles charros y tacos de cochinita.. The food is outstanding.I love the plates they serve the food on.  Gives it an amazing touch. .Great service!
5	Just went here for dinner. They were very accommodating and made modified things on the menu for us.We got pork tacos, chile verde enchiladas, Carne asada buritto, Carne asada quesadilla and beef taquitos. The pork tacos and taquitos were really good. I would go back just for the pork. You should definitely try this place and get something with pork. The frijoles charros were also delicious! I will definitely come back!
5	First off, apologies to Las Cazuelas for delaying this review.  This place is simply awesome, and I should have written this review sooner.  As someone who doesn't eat a lot of Central American food, LC has earned a place in my regular rotation when I am on this side of town!  Don't let the modest atmosphere of the restaurant fool you, the food quality here is just about as gourmet as it gets.  I've heard to referred to as Pueblan food more so than Mexican.  I must admit that I am ignorant in this area, but I can tell you this is not your typical Mexican food.  I highly recommend trying the enchiladas with the mole sauce.  This sauce is homemade with a delicious non-sweet chocolate flavor.  I crave it.  The verdes sauce is also excellent.  The new churros are the best I've ever had; custard filled with a homemade sweet chocolate sauce that will blow you mind!This place is an absolute must try if you live in the area.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed!
5	This is defiantly my favorite authentic Mexican spot in Las Vegas! You have to try the Mole Enchiladas! Also they always give you chips and home made salsa which is delicious! The service from the owner is great as well!  Highly recommend!
5	Total fat kid status with the enchiladas de mole poblano, fiscally delightful, very nice staff as well, coming back for sure.
5	Great service and authentic Mexican food for a low price. The Mole enchiladas are amazing
5	Fantastic service, very clean and the food is incredible!!! Great experience, nice to visit a restaurant that makes you feel special!
5	This small but mighty little gem in the Target shopping center on S Eastern and Silverado Ranch is wonderful. The absolutely best Mexican food I have ever enjoyed. The mole sauce was terrific as was the fresh corn. Between the four of us we tried nearly everything on the menu. And the bill total was only $65.00 for four people. Very reasonable!Great food, great service, small but mighty good little restaurant!
5	Aside from the fact that my doctor and dentist are in Henderson, Las Cazuelas might be the next best reason for me to return to this far away town. It's a small mom and pop shop in the sprawling strip mall with Target and Freed's Bakery. Order at the counter, take a seat and the food will be brought out to you. While you wait, complimentary chips and salsa are provided. The enchiladas de mole poblano ($7) are an excellent bargain. As with any good mole, there's a wide range of flavors with heat, smokiness and a subtle sweetness to it. The four corn tortillas were filled with shredded chicken, covered in mole and topped with cotija cheese, onions, and roasted sesame seeds.Despite the modest interior the food is much more refined than a typical quick/casual Mexican spot. There's a level of passion and precision in the execution of the food that you won't find at similar restaurants -- all the more reason to make the jaunt to the other side of the valley.
5	Very good food. Quick and tasty. Warm feel and friendly. I just walked in and got good advice on what to order. Chile Relleno and fried ice cream for dessert!
5	Whenever I am in this (LAME) part of town, I try to go to this little restaurant. Today I had their chicken enchiladas with mole. Always amazing! Love this place and wish they would be closer to the west side!
4	The food is great. Went with family las night for diner. Think will start comming more often. Recomend this place
4	As a vegetarian, it is difficult find Mexican food (although this really is more Central American) that does not have animal products in the rice, beans, and sauces. Not only is it veggie friendly but the food is excellent. If there were a few more choices on the menu I would give it 5 stars. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	We have eaten here twice and the food was delicious every time. You can tell that it is not your typical fast food chain which is very much appreciated. I rather wait a few minutes for a nice meal than having something served that's blend and half way done. We will be back for sure.
4	The enchiladas salsa verde is a great tasting dish, very flavorful, simple but keeps to the basics which makes it delicious.  The chicken was very moist and tender.  The churros were decent, they had a caramel filling inside and you get some whipped cream and chocolate dipping sauce to go with it.All in all, a small mom and pop shop in the neighborhood that's great for lunch.  If you're in the area, it's a good spot to drop by.
5	The bf and I decided to try Las Cazuelas upon the suggestion of another merchant in the same shopping center and were we glad we did!!  The restaurant is small, but I was impressed by how clean and attractive it is.  We arrived just after 10am on a Monday morning and only one other patron was there.  We ordered the huevos rancheros and sat down.  The gentleman taking our order at the register did not exactly exude lots of warmth but he was polite and we quickly had a bowl of chips and some of the tastiest salsa I've had in a long time.  The chips were salty without being too salty.  Most places I have to add salt to the chips but these were fresh, crunchy and with that wonderful salsa really hit the spot.  Our food came quickly and I was again impressed that when we ordered the eggs medium, that's how they were cooked.  No runny white, but the yolk still soft, just perfect for me!!!  The plates they use are very different and set off the food for a nice presentation.  The refried beans were very good and the corn tortillas that came with our meal were so hot I could hardly hold one in my hand!!  Lots of other places half warm the tortillas and they end up being hard and rubbery but these were not.  I finished off my whole plate and the bf did also.  At $5.50 for this meal, it is the bargain of the week!!!!    We want to try the enchiladas de mole poblano so badly, I know we will be back again there very, very soon!!  I am intrigued by some of the other offerings, some I have never heard of.  This is definitely a must try if you are looking for good, very reasonably priced food!!
4	I really like this cozy little restaurant, and I enjoyed a nice quiet meal with my husband and son here tonight. I had the Huevos a La Mexicana and Flautas, and my husband tried the Huevos Rancheros, Oriental Taco, and Carne Asada. We also shared the Frioles Charros and chips/salsa - all for only $29!! Everything was yummy, the service was quick and friendly, and place clean too. We'll definitely be back!
5	This is NOT a Tex-Mex place so if that is what you are looking for you will not find it here.This is Authentic food from the Puebla region and this is a HIDDEN GEM which needs to NOT be a secret.I want to see this place packed every day as the food is the most authentic place.  Look at the pictures & menu, you will NOT see burritos because that is tex-mex, not real Mexican.  This is my first visit here and the food is AMAZING.  I had the Chanclas which was authentic and awesome and we had the Taco Arabe, both filling and both authentic.The chips and salsa they serve is some of the best I have had in a long time.  This place sits in the corner of this shopping center near Office Depot and a place EVERYONE needs to visit if you want real authentic food.  If you don't come here you are missing out and this place will remain my secret and it will be your loss.I would love to see more reviews from visits....
5	A hidden gem!  The employees were incredibly kind. The food was delicious and very well priced. We will make this place a regular stop!
