1	I didn't even want to give them one star.  They ripped me off, charged me two times on my credit card and have yet to refund my money.The technician forgot to turn on both units to activate the heat and then said the system was faulty.  In actuality it was just the inexperience of the technician.  Its difficult to get through and they rarely answer their phone.This place is a scam and a ripoff.Give me back my money now!  Stay away.
5	I have used them 4 times in 14 years, tempe, mesa, and phoenix, phx, az, they provide service through out the valley az, arizona  ALWAYS GREAT service. Always been same day , fair and reasonable pricing. They have never tried to sell me anything I have not needed. It is really important to find a good honest repair company and that would definitely be these people.I have always requested Ken, he is very nice, personable guy. Obviously I only see him every few years and it is fun to "catch up" with each other. I really feel as though I have a "friend in the business".
5	Always do a nice job and are reliable.
5	I wholly endorse KS Kooling and Heating.  After suffering through appallingly dishonest service, my neighbors recommended KS Kooling to me, and what a relief and savior.  Ken, the owner is a rock solid man who will work with you on any issue you have.  I have stayed with them for many years now and have only very positive things to say.  If you want an honest company, call them.
1	We had KS Kooling and Heating out on Monday afternoon about 245pm to our office for a quote. Ken gave me a quote for moving some ducks to allow more cool air into the conference room to make it more comfortable for an office. He turned the main offices AC unit down to 64 to get it to kick on and check the airflow. It was at the end of the day and everyone was leaving he got his things and said he would email me a quote in the morning. We turned off the AC like we always do and in the morning turned them back on. The people in my office don't change the temp on the AC units they only turned them on or off, when my boss check the AC a little later in the afternoon because it wasn't cooling, it was still set at 64. We called KS back and they said that they didn't do anything wrong and they didn't damage the AC and he would come back out but he was going to charge us, and if there was a service need we would be charged for that too. We are very displease with this reaction, and this company's immediate denial of responsibility of the actions they took. If he changed the temp on the thermostat he needed to change it back before he left. We called another company out, they said in fact that the unit froze up because it was set to low. We are highly disappointed with this situation and KS refusal to make it right.
