4	I love this little place!  Not very big at all but that's okay, there is still plenty of room.  I really enjoyed the sushi.....we had something that was on special (I forgot the name of it now) but it had tempura shrimp in the center surrounded by rice and veggies and topped with eel.  Yum, yum.  It was also about 10 pieces for $9 which is really, really reasonable compared to other local sushi joints.  There was no fishy taste and it was filling and attractive.  I also had some standard veggie only rolls which were nice and fresh, and again really cheap.  My bf and I spent $25 and both left full and satisfied.  We didn't try any of their hot dishes, but there is a good selection of chinese and thai standards as well as appetizers and soup if sushi isn't your thing.
3	Ginbu is fairly simple, cheap and quick Chinese food and sushi. It's a good place for non-sushi-lovers to go, because I can get teriyaki chicken or mongolian beef while my friends order a variety platter of sushi. My boyfriend likes the spicy tuna or salmon hand rolls and the crab tempura maki rolls. It's a good place to get takeout. Plus, they deliver.
3	GInbu 401 has become our #1 ordering place for Chinese take-out and Sushi. That's what's great about Ginbu: they have both, and it's pretty good. I don't think too highly of Ginbu as an eat-in place, but it's always fairly bustling, so clearly other people think so. I love the dumplings and the Dragon roll on the Japanese side, and the Chicken Kung Pao on the Chinese side of the menu (order it spicy; it lacks flavor otherwise). It's not the highest quality sushi fish, but it's good enough, especially for the price. The chinese food isnt anything special, but it's not bad--it's pretty run of the mill. When you order, it comes pretty quickly, which is why it's #1 on our rolodex.
3	This place and Dragonfly are the two places we order Chinese from.  I have not tried the sushi here yet.  I actually  haven't been in the place yet either, although I have driven by it.   As not many places seem to deliver to us,  it's great that they have free delivery.   The food is above average.  Dan dan noodles are spicy and yummy, and the steamed potstickers were perfect..  My son loves vegetable fried rice, and this was a good one because it had big pieces of broccoli, carrot and snow pea in it, instead of the usual diced up bits of vegetables.   The food is plentiful. and reasonably priced.
3	I was in the mood for sushi last Saturday night, so we decided to give Ginbu a try since we had a coupon.  The outside and inside aren't anything that you'd "wow" over.  They've definitely tried to create an Asian atmosphere, but it's not classy or even "fun" or lively.  My partner thought the place used to be a bagel joint.  Our server was fantastic and attentive.  Sure, it was a slow night, but we never had to wait for anything.  While the regular menu looked pretty extensive, the sushi menu was pretty short.   We ordered several sushi rolls and all were good-sized and VERY delicious.  The only bad thing was that they were priced the same as a fancier sushi place, so I feel that I didn't get the same value.  The others offer atmosphere, so you don't mind paying the price.  Ginbu, unfortunately, doesn't offer any sort of truly "wowing" atmosphere, so I feel they should compensate by lowering their prices on the sushi rolls if they want repeat business.  Food and service = excellentAtmosphere = averagePricing = a bit high for the atmosphere
5	Absolutely LOVE the Rock n Roll Roll and Sunflower Roll! both special rolls that aren't on the regular menu. The edamame is a must. We're really going to miss Ginbu when we move to Milwaukee!Many great memories at Ginbu...
3	Free, quick delivery, friendly staff, and decent faux-Chinese flavors. Everyone needs a delivery stir-fry place in their lives, and this has become ours.I've only had one piece of sushi here - the ACA handroll. It was surprisingly good, and the presentation was sweet. Lightly battered asparagus, matchstick cukes, smidge of avocado. Tightly rolled, surrounded by a hoisin reduction. Tasty!Eating in here is pretty enjoyable - super-friendly staff, comfy fusion decor, but the booth backs are loose as hell so you're going to be doing the push-me-pull-you with whoever's behind ya. Sigh.They're angels about subbing stuff, so I've given several of their noodle dishes a go - had high hopes for the Singapore noodles, but it's a dry spice curry mix they're using, so it's pretty meh. Garlic sauce is pretty bland. But veggies are various and fresh, rice is of good quality, prices are reasonable (most veg entrees run 9 bucks) and like I said - delivery is quick. So for those lazy stir-fry craving nights, give them a whirl.
5	Nice little spot for a quiet lunch. I really like the sushi however. Something different i just cant put my finger on. Service is always fast and polite and food comes out quick, the right temperature and tasty! I think dinner would be nice there. I hear the Delivery is fast as well.Great spot!
3	Ginbu for us, has become the fallback for delivery.  The sushi is decent and at times surprisingly really good.  The delivery is prompt, and the people are nice.  It's fits our needs great.  Other than sushi, we have only ever ordered the Pad Thai and house ginger salad, my advice is skip those two.  However, the Hot and Sour  soup and sea weed salad were  much better.  Like I said before, the sushi is always decent, and at times really good.  If your looking for delivery that isn't pizza, Id try Ginbu.  for what it's worth even know I only gave it a three star, we seem to order from here 2-3 times a month so we do really like it.
4	A great place for lunch or dinner.  I've been to Ginbu more than a few times now and the food and service has always been good.Their lunch prices are quite inexpensive for the amount of food you get .  You have your choice of 6 different sushi lunch specials which all come with 2 different rolls and a salad or miso soup from $7 to $12.  These are no scrawny pieces of sushi either.They also have a nice selection of chinese dishes that are tasty...if you like lettuce wraps give them a try here.. of course they are not PF Changs but they deserve a mention.One other thing to mention...I've never had to wait for a table here which is always a big plus...enjoy!
4	One of my favorite chinese restaurants in the city.  Crab Rangoons are awesome.  good coupons on their menu and delivery is fast and reasonable--free if over $15 but i always tip delivery drivers generously.
3	I ordered lunch from here today and I must say, I was impressed with their super quick delivery service.  They quoted me 25 minutes and they made it!  I chose to order from here because I wanted sushi but I also wanted some good ole' chinese food.  I got a sushi roll with crab meat, shrimp tempura, cream cheese and avacado.  It was $8.95 so I was really expecting something special.  It wasn't special.  The crab rangoons were the best I've had in Charlotte.  The sesame chicken was OK but there was a small bone in one of the pieces.  I lost my appetite after that.  Both the delivery driver and the person who took my call were very friendly.  I'll probably give them another try in the future but I wasn't blown away on my first run.
5	Quick service, good quality, and inexpensive. I stopped in this place my first night here. The staff was friendly and ready to serve me even though they were closing.The dinner serving sizes were HUGE and plenty for 2 people. The sushi was yummy too and fresh. They have plenty of options for vegans... with edamame, vegetable sushi rolls, etc. and fairly well priced. I ate miso soup and the ACA roll with asparagus, cucumber and avocado. The ACA roll was so crisp and fresh and the miso soup had a lot of seaweed in it so I was happy. They make your sushi order right in front of you, which I like because you know what they are using. Being a germ freak, I was comforted when I saw them wearing gloves and cleaning the surface before and after making each roll.  I placed an order to-go and it was ready in less than 10 minutes. Oh! And don't forget- make sure to grab a take out menu for coupons!
4	I have to say that when it comes to sushi, Ginbu is very good.  I usually go during their "lunch special" hours.  Other than the ginger dressing (I am not a fan of this concept and I wish that every sushi place would simply invest in v/o or some thing else besides ONLY ginger dressing), I really enjoy Ginbu.A recent renovation has made it a bit more "chic" on the inside, leaving me to admire the cosmetic changes.  But the food, quality or otherwise, has not changed and I will continue to frequent.Also, the service is usually friendly and speedy, even on busy weekend nights.  Thanks Ginbu, I'll be back soon.
3	I'm pretty appreciative when I purchase a Groupon for a place that I may not have gone to if it weren't for the discount. I've passed Ginbu many times, but it never convinced me to stop because it didn't look too busy and a bit lonely on that corner. My husband and I recently tried it during an off-peak hour. Even though my Groupon said dine-in for dinner, they allowed us to use it early. Cool. Customer service was great! Our server was very friendly and completely attentive! The pacing of getting our food was great. We ordered tofu lettuce wraps (not on the menu, but they were happy to accommodate). They were flavorful! Then we ordered a couple sushi rolls: cherry blossom and Philly roll. They were good. The cherry blossom was made with pink soy paper and it made it look really delicate. The last item we ordered was the Kung Pao Tofu...I'd skip it next time. Not too flavorful. We also got some green tea. The pot was pretty, but the handle was secured by scotch tape...I think at that point it's time to retire it. In Asian restaurants, it's a tad disappointing when the green tea isn't loose leaf, but this tea was nice and warm on a chilly day.Overall, this place was A-OK. You can get good food and excellent service here!
3	I'm not a Fan of most Chinese food except when it is excellent!  Here the Food was better than many Chinese places!  My Dish today was Bean Bean Sauce with Chicken.  The Service was Fantastic and they handled my complaint very Professionally!  I was impressed!  The Interior is very nice looking.  I guess a Modern Asian decor.  My food was good, though no better than three yelp stars and I'm probably not going to review any places that I can not give three stars or better.  At 1:00 pm lunch on Monday I got the last Parking Space and the last Table!  This place is very popular.  I would probably eat here again except for better choices.
4	Working at Presbyterian I often feel like I lack healthy options for lunch. Sure there is Burger King and Bojangles nearby but I want something fast and nutritious. Sooooo with my Yelp app I checked what was within half of a mile of my office, Ginbu 401 pops up and only a block away! I checked their website and was ecstatic that they have lunch specials. I always get the spicy tuna roll, California roll and salad with ginger sauce. I once got the miso soup but there was way too much for my palate. Ginbu is my go to spot when I want sushi for lunch, I have never been disappointed.
4	Very good Chinese food, but what the heck is that smell?I've been to lunch several times and I'm always greeted to what smells like a broken sewage pipe when I walk in the door, particulary if it's been raining.Other than that, the meals are always hot, fresh, and plentiful. Kung Po, 401 Spicy, and 401 Sesame are awesome!Love, LOVE their egg rolls!Your pal,Walter
2	unimpressed. it was obvious that the staff was trying to do a good job, but sadly my overall experience was less than mediocre.While the folks there were friendly, they were really not attentive towards simple things like making sure we had plates, silver ware or chopsticks once the food arrived. We tried a variety of dishes.. started with a hot and sour soup which was okay, a house salad which was okay too. The chicken lettuce wraps were good until a couple minutes in to eating it I thought there was a strange smell in the food. We also had the tuna tataki (which is an appetizer and came to the table after we finished our main course), but it wasn't bad. For the main course I ordered the sa-cha chicken, and while the flavor was alright there were a couple things that really bothered mei) the vegetables in the dish were cold - not even slightly warm, they were cold.  ii) there were pieces of beef in my dish. That would not have been cool, if I was a strict non beef eater.It's just small things like this which add up, and ruin a customer's experience and impression of a restaurant, thus putting the restaurant on their "probably won't go back there" list. But given that there were so many other folks who seem to have enjoyed the food there, I may give it another try, and get take out this time.
4	I've been back a couple more times and haven't been greeted by the stench.The food here is great! It's definitely not "carry out" Chinese but they could do a couple of things to better the experience:Food presentation is always beautiful but goes down a notch by the addition of packets of hot mustard & duck sauce on the plate. It just doesn't fit. You get nice plates but cheap napkins and pseudo-silverware, which also seem odd. You might as well go with Styrofoam to complete "the look". The food itself looks and tastes "upscale". Almost picture perfect.The restaurant itself doesn't look like much from the outside but it is nice in the inside. There's something missing in the decor, though. They really need pictures or some sort of art inside. Get rid of the cheesy emo music, too.Your pal,Walter
2	The name of this place had intrigued me every time I drove by until one drizzling, dismal evening months ago. While waiting for a phone call from a lovely young lady I suspected was standing me up, I stumbled through the door overcome by hunger and dead set upon realizing the exotic, lusty and modern experience the name and sign promised.Immediately crestfallen upon seeing the decor, I draped my wet coat and hat around one of the classroom chairs festooning the cramped sushi bar. Neither the itamae nor any customers were in evidence. A young woman, American, came from the back and in an unplaceable NPR accent asked me which menus I'd like. Clearly lonely and at the end of a long shift, we spoke pleasantly while a proliferation of drinks was paraded before me.The water tasted .. odd.  Smelling of a mop-bucket after cleaning a gym floor. Tea next, in the saddest, stalest teabag I have ever seen, pitifully leaking its essence into the mop water. Okay, something bottled and stronger? Alas, the sake was lukewarm and unremarkable.Somewhere amidst the drinks buffet I'd ordered several courses of food, which came out apologetically, ordered as though the unseen and unheard chef was battling eddies in the space-time continuum.  Entree immediately, then sushi, soup, then, finally, a wilted, miserable salad. The rice was dry, the (chicken?) bland, the vegetables wilted. The soup was the mopwater, but warmer, and salted. Presumably someone had come in advance of me, ordered the entire restaurant's supply of 'interesting', 'delicious', and 'tolerable', then with an evil cackle absconded with his culinary trophies.My waitress apologized about the order, looking contrite but not surprised.The shining light of that evening-apart from the cordiality of the young lady who kept me company amidst the dust, faded posters, and ancient paneling-was the 'fire island roll'.  This single element of color, flavor, and spice rescued the night from the Raymond Chandler direction it was taking.I got my phone call, paid my tab, and left, frighteningly sober and still hungry, my head (and stomach) full of naught but unfulfilled promises.[ed: it's entirely possible the experience above has been colored in some fashion by the passage of time, and too many detective movies.]
4	The father -in-law gave us a Half Off Depot certificate for this place.  Since we made a staycation uptown, we headed straight down 3rd street (oh wait now it's Providence Rd) on Saturday evening to Ginbu 401 for dinner.  The place was smaller than I expected and the menu is somewhat limited; though they have a lot of sushi options.  My lo mein was delicious and my wife's sushi was good, as was her ginger salad.  I liked the un-dyed ginger with the sushi.  The service was good.  It seemed everyone in the place had a coupon of some sort.  It may be a little pricey at menu prices for what you get, but the slight discount evens it out.  We would definitely go back.
4	Good, solid Chinese takeout for lunch (that's all I've had from there). For under $7 you can get a great meal very quickly. This is somewhere I frequent often.
4	Since moving to Charlotte, I have had a lot of mediocre Chinese and Asian food in my quest to find a cheap and tasty one.  Stumbling upon Gin Bu 401 is definitely a very happy accident.My partner and I were on a quest for a new place to eat, and we could not find the place we were looking for.  We were really hungry, and decided to go ahead and stop in here.  Gin Bu looks fairly unassuming from the outside.  We went on a weeknight, and it was not very busy inside.  For an appetizer, we decided to try the crab wontons, which were pretty delicious.  They were a nice change from a traditional crab rangoon, although not too much different.  My partner ordered the Singapore Rice Noodles, which came in a tasty curry sauce.  He particularly loved that they reminded him of the noodles he used to get in his favorite Chinese restaurant.  The dish was tasty and quite plentiful.  I ordered the Dan Dan noodles, hoping they would be similar to a soba dish.  The noodles were more like udon, but they were also pretty tasty.  What I really like is that they also deliver.  We called last week and found out they deliver to our home, so I was all over that.  Our delivery took about 50 minutes, but our food was still hot and delicious when it got there.  I was quite impressed.Their prices are pretty decent for the food they have.  Both times we have eaten there for less than $25 (well, $30 with tip), and both of us had plenty of leftovers.  Service was friendly and efficient, which is always appreciated.This is definitely my new go-to place to get Chinese dishes.  Maybe one of these days I'll have to try their sushi as well.
4	I have dined in as well as carried out from this location many times. The food is always fresh, hot and the portions are huge for the price. The inside is small but I have never waited for a table, service has been consistently good. I always eat the chicken pad thai, its loaded with chicken... the eggs rolls are crispy and not greasy, my BF always tries something new and has really enjoyed what hes gotten. This last visit we took friends who love sushi and they were super impressed. Its one of the better chinese places around charlotte, you can tell they use quality ingredients and take pride in what they are serving.
3	I have passed this spot hundreds of times but being a creature of habit, I have never stopped to try, opting instead for Fenwick's (Oh! Fenwick's-- must write a review!)which is almost next door.  When I found a coupon in our Citipass book for a free sushi roll, I decided to give it a try.Unassuming atmosphere, which I appreciate.  Generally, when I dine, I am looking for a food experience, espeically in this price-point.  They have a very limited wine list, and a very limited beer selection, no cocktails!  Which, again, is all fine... who can't enjoy a Tsing Tao?We ordered a spicy tuna roll, a summer roll (special roll of the evening), and a crunchy roll.  My husband enjoyed all of them.  I, on the other hand, don't love spicy mayo on all of my rolls, so I enjoyed but did not love.  But, for the price, it is definitely worth a try.  I fear I have turned into a sushi snob :(Our service was fine.Tip-- Wear a sweater!  It was freezing in there!
3	We ordered Gin Bu for take-out. We split the sesame chicken with fried rice and chicken lo Mein with an added on egg roll. Positives- Really easy ordering, fast-service, the chicken was nice and crisp, the fried rice tasted great though it didn't have any veggies in it (which is a trend for Chinese in this area I've noticed). Negative- The lo mein was a little mushy and pretty bland. The majority of it was not eaten. It was also a tad pricier than some of the other Chinese-American take-out spots in the area.I don't think I was impressed enough to go back though I just might have to take Suzanne S's advice and check out the crab rangoon.
3	I haven't been in years, but wanted to give it a try, and ordered delivery. The delivery time was disappointing, over 45 minutes. Upon receipt of the food, it needed to be warmed. The egg rolls were pure shell, the filling was so small, almost not to be found. We also ordered Wonton Soup, which was pretty good. As for meals, large portions and good. I will give it another try, as well as order sushi, b/c the pics looks good.
4	Ginbu is a great sushi spot in Charlotte. I think it's one of (if not the) best in the city, actually. It's very comparable to Koishi in Cotswold, but this is much more convenient to me and they deliver, so this is definitely a go-to spot. I've dined in for lunch and dinner and gotten delivery/take-out more times than I can count and have never had a bad experience.My favorite rolls are the spicy tuna, philadelphia and the shrimp tempura, and they have some specialty rolls that are great as well. My husband frequently orders the sweet and sour chicken and teriyaki chicken, which he likes, but I don't think Ginbu's menu has anything too special when it comes to the non-sushi dishes. In fact, I've ordered pad thai a couple of times and each time am slightly disappointed. Charlotte has great thai restaurants, so I think I'll stick to pad thai from another place. If you're looking for consistently great (affordable) sushi  I definitely recommend it.
2	Was not impressed...When here recently on a Friday night instead of another spot...mistake....After straining to see the menu in a dark, dull interior, I decided on the sweet and sour chicken.  I don't know if I just ordered the wrong thing, but the sweet and sour sour was not what I was expected at all.  I was pretty much given two separate sauces and encouraged to mix them together.   I'll just say, it wasn't what I expected (or wanted).  The chicken was a little chewy and the peppers were few and far between.  The service was good, though the atmosphere and overall ambiance were both lacking life.  There is a fair amount of parking in a well lit lot, and the place is relatively easy to find.  There's just better Chinese in the area for equal or better prices.
4	Amazing sushi..I had the rainbow roll p;us split the Cherry Blossom both were awesome:) Can't wait to go back.
3	Nice service. Take out was packaged well. Good food.
3	Gin Bu offers sushi as well as some common Americanized Chinese dishes. The rolls were not creative, but this would be a good place if you like normal rolls made with decent quality fish. I enjoyed my meal here and felt our waitress was obliging.
5	I and my gf went there for dinner. The special roll: "pink panther" and "fun of soy" tasted really delicious!! The servers there were friendly and nice. Strongly recommend!! Must try! Yummiest!!!
3	This is a very clean restaurant restaurant located in a great treed neighborhood near a concentration of medical facilities & doctor offices.  The service during my lunchtime visit was efficient, professional and polite.  The sushi was nice-- not fantastic but not bad either.  The seaweed salad was fresh but the dressing seemed a little lacking in flavor.  The fish was moderately fresh but the rice in my nigiri sushi could of been more sticky to better hold up to the dip in the soy sauce.  This place was nice.  I'd need to visit more to see if they can earn more than the three stars I gave it.  But really, I think my rating is fair.
4	I had the Star roll and my friend had the Stir-Fry chicken. Both were very good and so was the service. The only thing was that the shrimp sauce was spicy, and I prefer a spice-less shrimp sauce.
5	Ginbu is our quick, favorite sushi spot. Many times we get it for delivery (though, they only deliver in a 3 mile radius of the restaurant). Before I write this review, I want to preface it by saying that Ginbu isn't some fancy smancy sushi place (like Nikko, Enso, Pisces, Room 112, etc....though, all these places are delish). It is a smaller, low key, and cheaper sushi option. If you are looking for some crazy designed roll, this place may not be the spot for you. -Usually, my husband and I get one of the Chinese meals (didn't really care for the terriyaki but the Ginger is great!) and two sushi rolls. We love the spicy tuna roll.....simply tuna and spicy mayo. Very tasty. We also get one of their "specialty" rolls like Cherry Blossom, Crunchy, or Star. I absolutely love all of these rolls.-We have eaten in the restaurant before, however, I have always felt like this place was our go-to for take out sushi/chinese. Thus, we normally get take-out/delivery. They are very quick with both take-out and delivery-They have great lunch specials......it's like $8 for two rolls and a salad or soup.
5	Absolutely love this place, although it is known for its sushi, I don't eat sushi, but I love there other dishes... One of my favorites is their teriyaki chicken with brown rice or their veggie fried rice with a spring roll. Quick great service and great fresh food.
1	My bad for not reading yelp reviews before ordering, but no wonder it didn't taste good after reading reviews and seeing that Ginbu 401 staff note that they use frozen seafood!  The only "seafood" in the soup was sliced imitation krab, in nickel-sized cross-sections.The sushi was bland and in some cases tasted off.The hot noodle dish (dan dan noodles) didn't even have properly cooked noodles - they were tough - and the chicken was non-existant.  No scallion or onion to be found.  Bell peppers were there though given everything else, I am guessing pre-chopped from a bag.   Ginbu 401 - please use FRESH ingredients.  Chop, slice, and cook for the FIRST time yourself. That is a good rule for all restaurants, but especially SUSHI restaurants.
1	Pat, I notice in your comment that you say all your produce is fresh not frozen.  What about your proteins?  In a previous review comment, it was noted that your scallops were frozen.Frankly, I'm a little surprised that your only response is that your produce is fresh not frozen.   That response does not encourage me to give your establishment another chance.
4	After more than 50 (rough estimate!) take out lunches from here over the past couple of years, husband and I finally made it for a proper restaurant meal. The sushi was fresh and delicious and the noodles and veggie dishes we split were great too. Service was fast, ambiance was nice and overall it was a very enjoyable dinner.
4	The sushi I had was pretty solid, and they were great at accommodating my allergy to salmon by replacing it with crab.  Service was fast and friendly and all of our food was delicious.
5	Having recently moved to QC, I needed to find my new sushi place! This was the first place I tried and it was so delicious. A few of my favorite rolls are the Ruby, Star, and Spicy Tuna Twist. The Chinese food is also very good as well. I am obsessed with the pineapple chicken fried rice! I have never dined in, usually opting for pick up or delivery. The customer service is always very kind and helpful. The food is ready pretty quick, and I've never encountered any issues with Ginbu. I've tried other Chinese take out in the area, but am usually disappointed. From now on, this is always my go to.
5	Always a pleasant experience. Sushi is pretty good, staff are pleasant, and the mgr is cute as a button.I live in the neighborhood and walk there regularly.  Never had a bad experience.
4	Ginbu is a solid place for Chinese food and sushi selection. They remodeled the inside a couple years ago and they did a fantastic job.The steamer entree is served in a wooden basket, a nice touch. The service is swift and friendly. They're also on Grubhub for online ordering plus they deliver, a plus for cold rainy nights. It is a little pricier than other options in the 'hood, and the pad thai and pineapple fried rices are misfires, otherwise everything is excellent!
5	ATTENTION SOUTHEND RESIDENTS!!!! This places delivers for only $1. The spicy scallop roll and tempura roll as well as the Hot and Sour soup ( extra spicy) was amazing. This is my new sushi spot. The delivery time was spot on and the delivery man was cordial and efficient.
5	I was a first time customer so I kept it simple. I love their sushi. I had the spicy scallop and spicy tuna roll. They tasted very fresh. The service is great too. Next time I will be more adventurous and they their signature sushi rolls..
4	Awesome place. Really nice staff. Let me place a to go order while they were clearly winding down. Seemed happy to do it too, even though the order was a pain.Yelping them seemed the best way to reciprocate. Best Egg Foo Yung in town! Great when looking for steps up from the typical Chinese joint.
4	Chinese and sushi. Service is decent. Food will come fast and hot. It's a small dining area with a sushi bar. I personally love the food but it isn't anything out of the ordinary. Try it! Cost is $7-14 entree.
4	The best thing about Ginbu 401 is they deliver...literally.  I've both eaten in the restaurant and ordered delivery from them.  Both have been consistent sushi.  Nothing to rave about, but still good if you are wanting some sushi.  The menu has more basic rolls, but a smaller menu with fewer rolls is a good thing.
5	We like Ginbu 401 a lot. Very friendly and smily service and excellent food. The hot and sour soup is the best.
4	Walked in on a Thursday around 7pm and it wasn't busy.  So I was worried but let me say this is such a hidden gem.Started out with some crab rangoons and pot stickers. Both were awesome. Oh ya and some asian beers. Tried the Laughing Buddha or something like that for the first time ever. Tasted like Michalob Ultra if anything. For our entrees I ordered my Pad Thai and my boyfriend got a spocy general Taos chicken. He couldnt stop raving about his dish so I had to try a little. It was very spicy which is why he loved it. My phai Thai was a little on the sweet side for me but I tend to like spicy as well.The service was great, and the prices were unbelievably reasonable. Can't wait to head back and try their sushi.
4	Nice staff, good location and ambiance. Sushi is very good and (specially with the yelp deal) very reasonably priced. Great place, definitely recommended.
2	I really hate to do this, but after over 5 recent visits, my feelings toward Ginbu 401 has faded and I think I will move on.  Ginbu is not too far my office and also delivers to my home, only a few miles away so I have taken advantage of both, restaurant visits and delivery.I have typically ordered sushi, which I feel has gone downhill. The sashimi slices seem to have shrunk over the years and aren't the best pieces of fish I have seen/had. And, I don't really feel like they offer a good varirty of rolls, almost everyone includes a fried item or cream cheese.However, being disappointed with the sushi I decided to check out their chinese dishes and ordered the Sechuan (spelling??) chicken and UGH is all I will say!!! The chicken tasted like frozen chicken and I ended up spitting have of every bite out because it tasted so bad. I resolved to eating the bland white rice they sent and the veggies out of the dish which weren't that great either.  I won't make that mistake again.
1	Very, very sub-par if you have any knowledge of how sushi should taste.
5	I will caveat this review by saying that I have never dined inside. They are close to my office so i generally order delivery for lunch and have only been inside for carry-out once. LOVE the shrimp & broccoli stir-fry (not to be confused with their shrimp & broccoli steamer). I always get this but my colleagues have ordered several dishes including: chicken fried rice, Singapore noodles, stir-fry string beans and everyone raves about the food, with the exception of the egg rolls. Doesn't taste like a typical "greasy spoon" Chinese restaurant and the food has lots of flavor.
4	Used the Yelp deal, and two lunch entrees and a sushi roll later we spent about $16 including tip, what a value. I am toying between a 3 and 4 star review but will give this place the benefit of the doubt until I try more dishes. The inside is nothing special, a little on the dumpier side with outlet faces dangling out of the ceiling and bugs buzzing around.I ordered the chicken pad thai ($7.25) and a roll of the fire island (tuna, avocado in tempura style, served /sriracha, masago and scallion $8.25). The service was extremely fast, helpful and attentive.As I expected, the pad thai was a little sweeter than a traditional thai pad thai and didn't have the peanut sauce based taste. Regardless, it was pretty good and I between the shared sushi and noodles I had plenty of leftovers.The sushi was decent, was looking for a little more heat from the sriracha as the server indicated the roll should have a little kick to it. Could have used a little more tuna, but overall I was impressed.Another bonus for this place... they deliver! Minimum is $15 and I believe radius is within 3 miles. Ginbu just might have become my new Sunday night recovery go-to.
5	I was really impressed with my meal, I ordered the General chicken and the Lemon Chicken. The flavor was very good with generous portions, I will definitely go back again. The server was very friendly.
2	Avocado roll is de-lish.  Pad-thai is okay.  Tofu is inedible.One of the few places that delivers.  Sushi seems like the only thing worth ordering.
4	There spicy tuna roll and Philadelphia are exemplary versions of classics. The fire island was complex, sweet, spicy, and savory. The garlic chicken came out before the sushi and was sweet and spicy. Will be back again and likely will order the spicy tuna and Philadelphia again along with a spicy scallop roll.
3	Always get the 401 Maki. It's good sushi rolls and you get a lot of food for the price. We've had the same server the past three times and she's pretty inattentive and has a bit of an attitude. The first time we ever went I ordered a Spicy Salmon hand roll. It had tempura flakes in it which made it very soggy by the time I finished my other rolls. I had taken one bite and I simply wasn't appetized by it and asked if it could be removed off our check. Server shrugged and said no, its not their fault. Went there tonight and ordered the spicy scallop ROLL and got...another soggy hand roll. She insisted that's what I said and again, wouldn't correct the mistake. We found out we're in the delivery zone so we probably will be ordering over the phone from now on. Good but definitely has plenty of room for improvement!
5	There is one place that each of my many and varied friends can agree on for a delicious and relaxing dinner -- Ginbu 401. This little restaurant is meticulously clean (quite possibly the cleanest restrooms in Charlotte) and tastefully decorated. There's nothing pretentious about the place and a person would feel comfortable here dressed for a show or just popping by casually. Of the scores of times I've eaten at Ginbu 401, I've never EVER gotten a single bad dish. The sushi is always uber-fresh and the rice/noodle dishes are tasty. My friends who love ginger particularly crave the ginger dressing on their salads; I, on the other hand, relish the miso soup. We ALL agree the crab rangoon are the best in town! There is a great selection of appetizers, sushi, hibachi/noodle dishes, etc. on the menu. Everything is very reasonably priced and represents a great value.When I used to live uptown (for 9 years) I ordered from Ginbu 401 many times and the delivery service was spectacular.The owner is hard-working, diminutive and delightful lady who clearly takes great pride in her establishment. She is also gifted with being able to discern which servers and cooks to hire . . . everyone here consistently delivers top-notch food and service.Ginbu 401 is a simply wonderful sushi/asian-fusion spot which I'm glad to say is one of my very favorite go-to spots in the Queen City.Currently, Ginbu 401 offers a $20 for $10 deal for customers using the Yelp! app.
4	Just moved from Mass to Charlotte and decided to try this place out based on the Yelp reviews. I loves the online ordering and payment option it was fast and easy. I would have given them a 5 star if they were able to deliver to my home outside of their 3 mile radius. I live 4 miles away so that was a bummer. I loved the Crunchy role....it was worth the price and drive. I also had the spicy tuna role and the crunchy calamari. I didn't find the spicy tuna roll to be anything special but it was still good. And the crunchy calamari was good as well. I loved the spicy dipping sauce. Will def go back.
1	First off 1 star is too much, but I have to give a star. Not to be rude like the waitress there. But try avoiding the chubby younger waitress. She's a smart ass, not friendly, and tries to rush you out. The worst part was when she took the tip money while we were still sitting at the table. As we start walking out, she openly complains about the tip. Yes, it was only $1, but that was generous. It was a completely torn dollar, duct taped together that she'd given us as change. We laughed the whole way out the door as she whined to the boss. Very poor quality, small helpings, and over priced. I'm shocked that place is even running and she still works there. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND! Worst sushi bar in town, quality wise
3	The food is great, there is a lot of tempura sushi on the menu, which is sort of limiting sushi wise. The service leaves something to  be desired and it does seem a little disorganized in the kitchhen. Overall food great I just wouldn't go on a busy night
4	Pleasantly surprised!  Haven't had a lot of great sushi experiences in Charlotte thus far, but Ginbu 401 has somewhat changed that.   We also used a Yelp deal so the price was right.  The sushi was fresh with good sized pieces of fish.  My spicy tuna hand roll was good.  Also had the miso soup and the house salad which was simple (lettuce tomato cucumber), but came with a great ginger dressing.  Didn't try any of the entrees this time, but definitely will be returning!
3	Ginbu is a quaint spot off Providence. The interior is small but nicely decorated. They offer sushi and Chinese dishes. On this visit, we only ordered sushi rolls. Out of the four rolls that we ordered, none were particularly memorable. The fish was fresh but all the rolls were plain. We usually enjoy more innovative/inventive rolls and combinations. If I happen to be close by and in the mood for sushi, I'd stop again but it won't be a go-to spot.
4	Love Ginbu! It's a great casual option when looking for delicious sushi, friendly service and reasonable prices.
4	Food is consistently good.  A nice place to dine in or take out.  Parking can be difficult if you get there while they're busy.
4	Fast. Food was great. Service was ok. She was a little upset that the last table hadn't tipped. We made sure to give her extra. Sushi was great! Tea was a bit bitter. The $20 for $10 coupon was worth it.
1	Awful experience. Got sick and not good. I'd be better off with canned dog food then eating there again.
3	I stopped in when I was here for work.....had the hot n sour soup and lunch special of scezuan (sp?) chicken with brown rice....it was good.....not amazing but all was good.  my only critique would be that the stir fry sauce the chicken and veg was tossed in was very heavy...kind of syrupy.....but the flavor was good, really just a texture fail, I would go back.
2	Crab Rangoon was good, but pad Thai was nasty! I couldn't believe it, isn't that one of the easier dishes? It tasted like 10 lemons squeezed onto the noodles. No peanut taste. We dumped it out and it smelled so bad we put it in the trash OUTSIDE. Never again. I could have done a better job and I've never made it before. Waste of money!
5	Hot and Sour Soup - right on point!Spicy Scallop Hand Rolls - Excellent!Pleasant, prompt Service...Will visit again, thank you!
5	Fantastic sushi and reasonably priced! It is no secret to our family and friends that this hidden gem on Providence Road is our favorite sushi joint in Charlotte. If you want the best sushi in a nice setting, look no further. The ingredients are always fresh and the flavors are authentic and super tasty. Hands down, Ginbu is fabulous for their lunch deals or dinner out. They always have specials running as well. If you're looking for the best sushi in Charlotte, Ginbu is it!
5	Ginbu 401 Rocks!Again... Hand rolls are great.Pad Thai... Wow! Fresh, clean and light.This is now my place when in town...
