5	This place is amazing!  This is the only ice cream place that I have seen that allows you (serve yourself) to put your own toppings, and as many as you want.  The best part is that they don't charge by how many toppings that you put on, only by the weight.  They have TONS of toppings, I would say around 30 or so.  The soft serve ice cream is good and there are many choices of it.  They have LCD displays for each of the ice cream flavors which is pretty cool.  The inside is very open and colorful, definitely a ice cream shop :)  .  They also have free wifi, which would be nice if you had kids that did their own thing in the store (they have cards and board games) while you were on the internet.  I gave this place 5 stars because of how unique, clean, and tasty it was.
2	I have tried probably every frozen tart yogurt place in the Phx metro area. Swirl It is about equal to Ocean Blue, Yogurtberry, Mojo, Orange Tree. Meaning not very good compared to Yogurtland and Pink Berry (California). I was excited to have a place open up so close, hoping that I wouldn't have to make the trek to Tempe or Scottsdale for Yogurtland. So we tried Swirl It with hopes and the yogurt was crazy dense and Icy which is the opposite of creamy, which makes a good yogurt. I'm a plain tart yogurt kind of guy and that's how I gauge these yogurt places. Once this place can accomplish a tart yogurt that is creamy and tart at the same time like places like Pink Berry and Yogurtland, I will return. But for now I will stick my the Tempe/Scottsdale road trips for Yogurtland.
4	I am not a yogurt expert by any means, however I thought this place was pretty good.  First time visiting a self-serve yogurt shop, and definitely enjoyed having free reign on the multiple choice of toppings.  I went with the Red Velvet / Caramel swirl and capped it with crushed Butterfingers.  The kids however tried about 10 flavors and 15 toppings in a small cup. We look forward to going back, especially in the heat of the summer.
4	Yogurt happy hour?!?!  Sign me up!  I don't know the official days/hours of yogurt happy hour, but by a happy coincidence, I showed up during those hours and got to enjoy my yogurt at a discounted rate.  :-DThere were probably 12 different yogurt flavors available, but I was only interested in chocolate and maybe vanilla, so I ended up getting a swirl.  There were plenty of fruit topping choices, but I was in the mood for candy.  :-)My only complaint would be that the yogurt was a bit runny; don't know if the machine settings were a bit off or if that's how it normally is.  Luckily I got it to go, and was able to stick it in the freezer to firm it up a bit before eating it.
1	AVOID!! Yogurt is bad. They try to get you ti sign up on the website so annoying. I've also heard that they  will harass you with emails if you write a bad review about them so I'm sure they will email me soon.Anyway its crappy yogurt. AVOID!!
1	So like i heard he would the owner emailed me and harrassed me and said I had a fake profile. He said if I dont like it to bad. I think that owners shouldn't be able to get on Yelp! they ruin it
2	Gawd. We're too lazy now to just say two words?Say it with me now: frozen yogurt.*whew* Got that out of my system.Staff really friendly, but holy fertility clinic Batman, if you go here on a weekend, you'll feel naked if you roll up in an empty SUV or similarly equipped "I'll be damned if I get a minivan" vehicle.I realize that I should get over it, being a single girl in Gilbert and all, but just because you bring your five savage children in, doesn't mean that you get to take over the place while your grimy, straight from soccer minions basically eat yogurt directly from the machines.  (Seriously, they'll have enough time to do this at their [insert fast food restaurant name here] job.  It's called "the munchies" for a reason.)So in the end, the yogurt's OK. I'll only go there when the adult to children ratio is manageable. Or the adults look responsible enough to care for their children.
4	Glad to have a fro yo place closer to the house... I used to drive all the way out to Ahwatukee for a good cup. :) We went this afternoon for the first time and it was surprisingly quiet for a Saturday afternoon. We went in, picked out a few flavors and a few toppings (good selection of each) and paid. There were two girls working this afternoon and they were both doing small tasks to try and stay busy, like sweeping behind the counter or wiping down the area between the toppings, but lets face it... it's self-service frozen yogurt... is the tip jar really necessary? (pet peeve of mine... don't ask for tips unless you're doing something above and beyond, like the singing and ice cream mixing at Coldstone, for example).  All in all, I'll definitely be back. Excited to use the "mention Yelp for $2 off" deal. :)
4	I was here early on a Saturday evening.  Yes, it was packed with families and it was a bit noisy.  What I noticed was that there was someone going around wiping down that yogurt area and keeping things cleaned up.  Self serve anything has the potential to become a giant mess so I appreciate it when I see someone trying to keep the place clean.  This is a small space but done nicely, bright with pink, green and orange.  There is a small seating area with a flat screen that had Nickolodean on when we were there.  There are games for families to play and my daughter and I played checkers while we enjoyed our frozen treats.  The variety was great.  I tried the Red Velvet and it was delish!  The NY Cheesecake was good too.  There were tons of toppings, even little cheescake bites and frosted animal cookies!  YUM!  I thought the consistency of the yogurt could have been a bit more frozen but the flavor was good.  Will I be back?  Yes!  It's not close to my house but if I am in the area I will stop by for a frozen treat.  And they have a punch card system and that is always a good thing!  I like being rewarded for being a customer.  The bottom line....if you don't like children, don't go on a weeked or get your yogurt to go.  If you don't like it, don't go back.  I have no problem with families being out on a Saturday evening and I did not see any children misbehaving while I was there.  And believe me, I was a single person for a very long time and yes, I find those things to be annoying too.  It all changes when you have your own.  :)
5	Loved it!  Give it a try. Glad to have a great place so close to home.  I used to have to wait until I went to Tempe/Ahwatukee. Can't beat the price.Yes, it was busy, but any yummy place worth a stop has steady business.  I enjoyed the various topping, but I alway end up getting the same thing.  Self service is key with toppings.  The staff was still friendly and attentive - the place was very clean. Love that my 2 year old has a non dairy option - silly allergies.
2	This yogurt is just OK. It's not great but it's also not terrible. Just okay. I had the Vanilla. To me, it's the most edible flavor. The original flavor is very tart, and the other flavors all had a fake kind of powdery taste. Stick to the Vanilla. I topped my yogurt with Mango and Kiwi. The fruit was NOT good. Both were definitely not completely ripe and were thus hard and sorta flavorless. If you're looking for a Pinkberry (California) fix, then this certainly won't satisfy that, but if you just want a cool cheap snack on a hot day...this will do the job. P.S: I've seen quite a few reviews about how tasty the red velvet cake flavor was, to me it tasted like Play-do.
4	My boyfriend and I love this place.  We used to go to Cold stone all the time, but this is our new hot spot.  It is ALWAYS crowded, which can be a downfall, especially if you don't like kids.  But if you like games, they have cards, Uno, battleship to spark your interest.  Another thing I don't like is they have yet to have peach froyo.  I love the peach at Yogurtini, and wish Swirl It had it as well.  They just added cake batter and it is delicious!  Combined with mixed berry, it's my fave.  They have too many add ins to try and list, but my favorite is their fresh fruit, they even have Kiwi!  They also have mini brownies that are ok, cookie dough which is pretty good, and mini cheese cake cubes that are good.All in all I think it's a nice sweet end to your evening out.Oh, and they always have coupons in the mail and you can give them your phone number for text coupons and I think if you buy 10 you get one free.
4	After searching through the sea of Froyo joints on google maps, we decided on Swirl It for our first froyo experience. We were NOT disappointed! They have a ton of great flavors and about a million topping choices, from savory to sour to fresh (yes, fresh) fruit. I had the Mango froyo with about 10 different toppings, my fiance had the chocolate. We sat and played Rummicube (one of several games they have available for guests) and just chilled for about an hour. I will say that it gets very busy and full of kids (Gilbert...) but we didn't mind at all, it was a great atmosphere. Very clean and cheery! The only thing i wish was different was the intuitiveness of the employees. We walked in, obviously lost as to how the process worked and though we were greeted, were left to figure it out on our own. Not rocket surgery i know but i ended up with 5 different flavors at the bottom of my bowl before i found the right one then noticed tasting cups up by the register...poor choice of location for them. We have been back once since and will continue to return!
3	Somehow, serving yourself doesn't equate to cheaper prices.  The quality here is very good, certainly much better than a place like Golden Spoon.  However, plan to pay $3-$6 per person, depending on how much you get.  My wife and I generally come out around $10 between us, which makes me think I should just go buy a couple pints of Haagen Dazs instead.  Their flavors are spot on and their toppings are all fresh (which seems to be unusual for a frozen yogurt place).  Keep an eye out for coupons or text offers though; it's pricey.
2	I'm sitting in here right now trying to work and they are blasting Glenn Beck super loud. Ay yi yi. Time to leave.
4	This place is pretty awesome!  They have Reese's Pieces yogurt, need I say more?  You can also download their iPhone app.  Bring up the coupon and show it, that easy!
4	Our family loves Swirl It!  My kiddos get giddy helping themselves to the yogurt (big deal for a 5 and 3 year old) and then piling on the toppings.I also love the set up they have to keep the kiddies occupied with some Nick Jr.  Friendly staff and super clean!
4	This place is super good if you r lookin for a yummy treat. They have multiple flavors, right know I cannot decided if I like the Mango or the red velvet cake better. It dosen't matter, if I want to I can just put both in my bowel. They also have great toppings to add like fresh fruit, candy, ect. Please remember that you are paying by weight, so the more you load in the more you pay out.The service there is great. They keep it very clean. They also have a few board games to play, but do not have much seating. Be for warned that it can get extremely loud in there do to very loud kids. I wouldn't recommend trying to get any work/studing done there.
3	Does not disappoint! Great flavors, especially the cake batter yogurt, as well as a ton of toppings to choose from. Prices are a little less than most other frozen yogurt joints. Great place overall!
3	It's a fad!
4	Tonight was our 2nd or 3rd visit to Swirl It Froyo and definitely worth the trip.  The flavors are delicious, the toppings are a great mix of 'traditional' items and different fun things such as Cotton Candy Crunch!  Samples are allowed and it's all self serve so have fun!There was a sugar free/no fat raspberry tonight!  I went with my hubby, daughter (20) and her boyfriend (21).  The guys bowls were filled more than the girls for sure and the total was $22.  It was a fun alternative to having someone 'make' you a sundae and you could mix your flavors plus add your toppings.
3	This place is always packed whenever I come here.  It's good, typical do-it-youself yogurt stand.  Nice staff.  I like that they have games here, it makes for a fun night out with the family.
4	The girl got me into this stuff... and I can say that I do like it better than ice cream. The fruit toppings are a bonus - pretty much always get strawberries on my stuff.The cake batter and red velvet are my two choices and snowcaps, heath crunches, some fruit, and i'm good to go. If you check in on Yelp while you're there you get a buck off your order... tis a good deal. There are about.... 12 or more flavors of froyo, and a whole self-serve bar of stuff to put on your creation. Every single time i've been in there the employees are cleaning... and it seems pretty damn spotless already but that stuff would get sticky and the stuff in the bar can get out of control but it's always organized and clean... last thing I want is some frickin gummy icky candy thing in my snowcaps... just sayin.Overall... it's trendy, the girl likes it and now so do I... so win win.  I've been there a handful of times and I'm sure we'll be returning again... and again...
4	Ok, call me crazy, but this is my first self-serve frozen yogurt experience. I thought this place was pretty good! I had the cake batter and the red velvet cake which were both really good. I think I liked the cake batter the best but I would probably eat the red velvet again and I need to try the thin mint one! They had a ton of different toppings and I thought they had a nice variety from which to choose including fruit, brownie bites, nuts, etc. They don't get 5 stars because: Staff is pretty rude. Neither of the young women working there made eye contact with any of us and just continued their conversation about someone getting dumped by someone else without saying more than just our total to us all without looking at us. And their raspberries, which were frozen, were a little sad and squishy. Other than that, I will be back here to try some more combinations.
4	Everybody is raving on the cake batter and red velvet flavors for a reason. My gf has slowly converted me into liking the tart flavors though. On that part, Swirl It is hit or miss. Yogurtland is my favorite place to go still, but this place is a pretty good alternative.
3	This place has a good selection of toppings and fair choices of frozen yogurt flavors.I deducted one star because I've been to better, and the second star because it's always filled with kids and everything is sticky/messy. I usually get it it to go.
5	Great selection of flavors and toppings, great service and atmosphere. Super fun for families and dates!
4	I've been craving frozen yogurt a lot lately -- thank goodness it's super trendy to eat this stuff now. Not only do I satisfy my horrible need for sugar, I can feel somewhat healthy AND cool.But no no, I like these types of places -- simple set up -- just pick whatever flavor frozen yogurt you want, add whatever toppings you want, and pay. No one has to bother you and you can sample whatever flavors you want before buying them.I've been to a few other types of places like this but I liked this location the best because they have a lot of options for toppings and the person that worked there was nice. It was also crowded but the people there seemed to be enjoying their time so that was nice as well.Price wise I think all the places are similar - but when I walked out I noticed that they had a yogurt happy hour?! OMG -- it seems so silly that I MUST go again!
4	Swirl It is a nice shop that hosts a variety of self-serve flavors. The flavors change on occasion but there are usually 10 - 15 selections regardless. The ice cream quality is perfect - consistency and taste. They have a few size bowl/cups and also have free sample size so you can try one first. They have a ton of toppings and that is a nice option to have. The atmosphere is cool but they should wipe down the tabletops immediately after someone leaves to avoid customers walking into a sticky mess (happens frequently). Also, they charge by the ounce and that can get pricey so try to find a coupon prior to going.
3	I'm a huge froyo fan and I live in Gilbert. We've tried this place at least 7 times and it's always only "ok". I keep hoping they'll have better flavors or creamier textures. The Reese's Pieces is their best one, but still has a kind of bitter after taste I don't usually find with other types. I am glad to see they finally got a better chocolate than that "cable car" fudgcicle flavor they always had. Still not great, but much better.The atmosphere is pleasant and the TV and hang out area is nice for the kids. The toppings are abundant and the staff is generally nice enough.I just wish it tasted better. Giving it 3 stars b/c my kids like the flavors. They have deals to save money, but you really have to be on top of it to get the discounts.
4	Tried this froyo place for the first time last night.  It was pretty busy on a Thursday night!  Okay, let's break it down:*Design/Atmosphere:Simple, cute, & friendly.  Plenty of seating inside & outside (much too cold to be outside eating yogurt in the evening though!).*Cost:It costs as much as Yogurtland, 37 cents per ounce.  However, they have happy hour!  HH at a froyo place?!  That's pretty awesome.  It's 30 cents per ounce on Mon-Weds from 4-7PM.  If you provide them with a phone number when you pay, they'll start a virtual punch card for you!  Just use the same number every time you visit.***Flavor:The most important aspect!  The texture of some flavors are so creamy & dreamy.  -I swirled Non-fat Chocolate & Low-fat Vanilla, and it tasted almost exactly like McDonald's swirl cone which I absolutely addicted to when I was younger.  It tasted so good that I'm pretty sure it's not good for you...-Their Cake Batter is the best I've had at any self-serve yogurt shop.  It was thick & super creamy, almost like ice cream, but without the airiness & fluff.  It would go great paired with sprinkles & brownie bites!-Mangoooo is delicious & Raspberry is absolutely addicting.  Both are light, fruity, & very smooth.-Pomegranate Raspberry was my favorite of the night.  It tasted just like candy!  Very sweet & a tad bit tart.-They had other flavors that I have yet to try like cookies 'n cream, mint chocolate, NY cheesecake (my sister said it's better than Yollipop's cheesecake flavor), etc.*Toppings:Mmm mm mmmmm!  I can't believe they offer a whole Twix bar!  They have separate containers with scoopers for peanut M&Ms, peach ring gummies, etc.  The rest are in the typical buffet-style display.  A variety of fruits to choose from: mango, kiwi, strawberry, blackberry, raspberry, blueberry, pineapple, & maraschino cherries!  They have the typical granola toppings, nuts, chocolate, brownie bites, cheesecake bites, colorful mochi, & popping boba (Orange Leaf has 'em too).Go onto their website, enter your cell phone # and they'll text you shortly after with a coupon for $2 off a $6 purchase!  My sister & I were afraid we didn't get enough for the coupon, but I think the fruit toppings helped.  We got almost 16 ounces which amounted to less than $6.50.I will definitely go back, especially since there's a Swirl It near me in Chandler too!
5	I love this place! I moved here recently from Southern California and have been spoiled on places like Yogurtland so I cannot even begin to describe my dismay when finding out there wasn't one close to my new home. I saw this Swirl It one day and decided to give it a try and I am so glad I did! They always have about 10-12 flavors available and lots of toppings! It's also reasonably priced and a fantastic deal when you use the Yelp Check In offer!Just an FYI: Sometimes this place can be super busy with families everywhere, but it's still worth it!
3	Pretty good as far as fro-yo goes, but not much atmosphere.  Really just a giant, brightly-lit room with frozen yogurt machines and some toppings.  Nothing special, atmosphere-wise, but good fro-yo!
2	I have tried this yogurt place twice and both times I was actually pretty disappointed.  The yogurt was a little more runny than it should be and the flavors were just OK.  Not too sure I would give them a 3rd chance.  In this case, 2 strikes and you're out.
5	Wow, Now I completely know why this palce is packed!! The frozen yogurt itself was the best I've had at any frozen yogurt spot. It was super creamy and delicious. I had the salted caramel, coconut and pecan, all amazing. The topping bar was nice and clean, they must have the largest variety I've seen. Swirl It is my favorite frozen yogurt place.
4	Frequent this place a few times per month, especially during the summer.  Good selection of flavors and lots of toppings.  A bit on the pricey side, so I always use a coupon.
5	Well, I have to write an updated review. Not sure if they changed hands since my original review, but their yogurt has certainly improved. The flavor selection is still kinda' limited, and I'd love a good SF option, but the texture and flavors overall are much better! Love the text alerts too! The salted caramel is delicious! I love it!! Sign up as a pro-swirler on their website for a discount!Thanks!!
3	What can I say? It's not ice cream. I keep coming back about once a year for the last 4 years to places like this and am never truly satisfied. This place keeps it fun for the kids. They have a wall painted with chalk board paint, board games, an Xbox and trendy music. Many choices of frozen yogurt and and endless amount of toppings.
5	I have to say, FIVE stars for service.  I wanted a little treat after a long workout tonight, I was tried but crawled outta bed to find Swirl.  I run in to grab some froyo but the line was moving so incredibly slow, there was some kind of hold up with one of the customers.  Just as I was thinking.... I'll find a new place next time I have a sweet tooth, 1 of the girls handed each of the customers in line a FREE froyo card for our next visit due to the wait.  THAT makes me a life long customer.  KUDOS to such great business ethics!!! On a bonus note -- AMAZING FROYO!!! :-)) Thank you for your amazing employees and above & beyond customer service!!
5	My family and I love this place. It has become tradition to go in after our daughter's soccer games on Friday night, or Saturday afternoons. The store always looks clean, and the staff very friendly. I have never seen the place empty. It definitely draws a crowd.  They have board games, puzzles, dominoes, and they even have a wall mounted XBOX360 w/ Connect.  They have several cups sizes, more than I see at many other competitors. And man, do they have a great selection of toppings. My family will keep coming back for more.  If you want to experience greatness, here is my recipe:  Sea Salt Caramel Fro Yo  Caramel Magic shell  Reese's Magic shell  A ring of Hot Fudge around the yogurt  Finish it off with a scoop of the reese's Peanut Butter Cup chunks.  2 napkins, and your choice of spoon color.    Eat It Up!
5	Great place, albeit a little expensive, but greed is what makes it more expensive. My kiddos think it's the best they definitely have the most toppings.
5	I liked the yogurt and cool place for the kids. They have a Xbox Kinect and a tv playing cartoons. Awesome selection of toppings too.
5	This is my daughter and I's favorite place to go for daddy/daughter dates. She loves the wide variety of toppings. Truth be told they have more topping options than most other froyo places. Love the mango but always find something that is perfect even when mango mot available. The girls that work there are great and always cleaning up and keep it always looking sharp and clean! Oh and they always greet you with a smile in this day and age when smiles are hard to come by in the service industry.
5	Love this place. Games and chalk wall to keep the kids busy while the parents gab away. The employee tonight was not only adorable, he was super nice and helpful. Expect us to come back!
4	New flavour: apple tart, pumpkin, and mint! ;)Perfect nite out for some froyo post Delivery Man.Free wifi.Awesome evening!Remember they have Happy Hour Mondays thru Wednesdays 4pm to 7pm.
2	Not really impressed with this place. We came here for a simple family night out stop.   We received a simple greeting upon walking in the door. Luckily, we've gone to froyo places before so we knew the drill, but I can't imagine how lost someone would be if it was their first visit. There were no sample cups in sight. The original tart flavor was out of commission, which unfortunately was what I wanted. So I had to concoct some weird mixture that just didn't do my flavor buds justice. My husband and son were pleased, hence the 2 stars. But the toppings were even lacking. The fruit looked subpar and demolished. The boba balls (is that what they're called?) were all popped and liquified. It took me a minute or two to finalize my cup and when I got to the counter I felt like I was getting devil eyes from the girl behind the counter, but that easily could have been me feeling bad for being so disappointed. I honestly won't be requesting to keep this stop in our weekly family outings.
5	Our family loves going out for ice cream or frozen yogurt.  It's inexpensive (usually) and fast.  We have been on the lookout for a new Frozen Yogurt place since the one we previously had enjoyed closed it's doors.  We decided we would give Swirl it a chance tonight.We were not disappointed!  The Sea Salt Carmel was FANTASTIC!    It was rich and creamy.  My kids each had mint and they practically licked the bowl.We will be coming back here for sure again!  Can't wait to try more flavors!
4	Had the cable car chocolate & reese's pb froyo. Was great! (and very affordable with our mailer coupon)
5	Neat as a pin!  Fresh as a daisy!  Any other trite things to say?  Of course!  Swirl it is great!  The frozen yogurt flavored are all delicious.  There are over 50 toppings to choose from.  We view it as our family treat after great events!Beware if you go with hungry teens!  You could come up with a weighty $10 yogurt cup!  We go easy on the toppings and enjoy the delicious yogurt! Try it. You will like it!
