5	Not too small, not too big, and a great community of staff, faculty, and students alike! It's a Maricopa Community College, so it has many similarities... same pricing and all that. Lots of outdoor seating and nice areas, plus some cool water features. If you can find them, there is a Koi Pond and a Turtle Pond near Ocotillo (unfortunately, most people use that area for smoking.) The Library is great, too. They have a restaurant for culinary students, but I've never been. Oh, and some of the buildings are pretty awesome. Mariposa, for example, is very "green" in design (very environmentally friendly inside and out) and even turns into a water feature when it rains here in the desert :) This is probably to mimic the waterfalls that occur in places like the White Tanks when it rains here.Classes do fill up quickly, and there is no late enrollment. Some classrooms are small, others are nicely sized. Some have computers for every student, others do not have enough or any at all. As for the computers in the classrooms... lots of issues with them, but other students are likely the cause! Overall, such a great community college!
3	The employees/students at EMCC are very friendly, however, they can be very unprofessional. I feel like students run the campus and the adults sit and watch. It's been almost a month for the entire Maricopa county school district to process my one piece of paperwork, holding me back from financial awarding. I've been in arizona for 4 years and this happens to be the most unprofessional school I've had to deal with. Never, have I witnessed such a lack of work ethic in a higher education facility. I'm not even sure I want to attend EMCC anymore, for the simple fact that I've spent months trying to get prepared for school, when they may not award me at all. Why should I have to call every week to make sure you're doing your job? I see no justification in that whatsoever. I have my own job to do, so I'd expect them to do their job, not laugh and giggle on the phone because you're not used to the technology. Isn't that the reason you're working at the school? To learn?? It just blows my mind that they take an entire week to process 1 days worth of paperwork. I hope they get it together soon, especially for the safety of my education. I'd hate to be taught by the same people that can't even file simple paperwork.
5	Emcc is a great college. Clean and not overcrowded . Definitely check out the medical assisting program if your interested in the medical field. The instructors have lots of experience and are great educators!!!!!
