5	One of my fave sandwich places in the Burg. Really awesome people who work here. They remember your name, give great recommendations, and still stay friendly when they are crowded. Love the mulligatawny soup! Bring it back!
3	Great friendly little deli in North Side.  I got the half turkey and cup of chicken dumpling.  I wasn't thrilled by the soup but the sandwich was solid.  Pros: everyone loves a local deli! I love when places have 1/2 sandwich and soup options. Fresh meat. Cons:  Interior leaves something to be desired, soup wasn't stellar, strange hours- I feel like this place is never open. Overall: If i am craving a sandy in the neighborhood I will stop by. I am not sure if these place does breakfast but I think they should! Who doesn't love a egg and cheese after a long night?
5	This cozy spot is my neighborhood deli and a great, friendly place to grab a sandwich. My friends and I - even the foodies - enjoy the well-made fare. My only comment is I wish they had more seating; sometimes it gets busy during the lunch hour.
5	I work and live down the street and decided to try out this place yesterday. Feeling under the weather, I ordered the vegetable chowder thinking that it would soothe my throat. But, it was tomato based so, I called to clarify. The kind gentleman who answered the phone offered me a free soup the next time I came in. Today, I convinced my coworker to order sandwiches for the office. I am saving my free replacement soup (Italian Wedding) for dinner but, I ate the Turkey Avocado Bleu Panini and WOW. It was DELICIOUS! The flavorful avocado, perfectly seasoned turkey, delicious cranberries, and perfect bleu cheese was amazing. I'll definitely going back.
5	I'm new in town and live down the street. Checking out the neighborhood, I found this little deli and stopped in for some sandwiches. The prices are right (specialty subs are about $8) and the soups look pretty good to me. The staff was super nice and ordering was easy as it could be. The food also came out pretty quickly. To my surprise, the subs are huge and really filling. Also, quite delicious. As far as a deli goes, this one is great. I highly recommend it.
5	I work near by and have visited for take out 3 times in the last week and this is a great sandwich shop.  I've had the Muffaletta, American Club and the chicken salad.  They were all spectacular and would gladly order again, the chicken salad is also some of the best I've had.  It had a nice black pepper component which I liked a lot.  They use Boar's Head meats on all the deli sandwiches which is always top quality.  I'm looking forward to trying the Cuban on my next visit.  This spot far out ranks the near by Eco Bistro, Bistro to Go and Dominic's in the Sandwich game, I will be a frequent visitor from here on out.
