5	When we moved into our new house, our ice maker didn't work. After about 5 months, I got sick of buying ice from the grocery store and called both our home warranty and KitchenAid (the make of the fridge) to get some recommendations for refrigerator repair. Between those two companies, I was given 4 names for repair places.I spent about an hour searching and reviewing all four companies on Google. 3 of those companies had a host of terrible reviews, and 2 of them had an F rating from the BB. Only 1 of the companies had mediocre reviews, and an A from the BBB.During my research however, I stumbled upon "The Refrigerator Specialist." I was a little skeptical at first, due to the same name and number popping up on multiple websites, without much other information. Despite this, there seemed to be a host of glowing comments.So, since the first 4 people recommended to me all looked pretty terrible, I took a chance and called this place. Mike (the owner?) answered the phone. I get the feeling this is just one guy running his own refrigerator repair business.Mike comes across a little gruff (think East Coast type of attitude) but got straight to the point. I called late on a Friday afternoon and he was here early Saturday morning. He took a look at my fridge, told me exactly what was wrong with it and what it would cost to fix. He didn't play games. He didn't try to up sell me. He didn't add on any crazy fees. His prices were very reasonable. Once we agreed on the price, he fixed it then and there (he had extra parts in his truck). It was honestly quite refreshing to deal with someone who is prompt, honest, and does quality work. The next time I have any problem with my refrigerator or freezer, Mike will be the first person I call.
1	Really does not merit a star !  CONMAN !   RUDE !   DO NOT CALL THIS GUY BECAUSE YOU WILL REGRET IT ! Called for rental property, tenant said he wanted her to turn it off !  Put everything on dry ice for two days !  Would return Monday to replace ice maker. I tried to save a buck and got %#*~%#}.  The worst part is that I have great tenants, and they got really upset !  WTF DUDE ?  GYPSY ?  Get a freaking real job !
5	So my refrigerator broke down and I found Mike (owner) here on yelp. Gave him a call and he came out the very next day.  Before I hung up with him he fully explained how prices worked right up front. He told me he would call between 11-1 to confirm a set time. He did just that. He also explained the process on what I would need to do after he left. Some people my feel he is abrasive in the way he talks but he is just an upfront and honest guy with no bs stories. I would rather have someone tell me how it is than sugar coat a lie. I highly recommend Mike for any refrigerator repairs.
1	This guys a crook !
