5	I just had a wonderful experience here! It was my first visit to this clinic and it was complete stress-free. I arrived right at opening time, 8:30, so I can't speak for how busy it might be during other times of day, but when I arrived, no one was there and I did not have to wait at all. I was greeted immediately by Laurie, the nurse practitioner, and shown the super-easy and fast touch-screen registration. A couple minutes after that, I was in!Laurie was wonderful, very pleasant and empathetic. I felt that she really listened to and understood everything I had to say. She answered all my questions and was very thorough with everything from diagnosis to the medications prescribed. Maybe best of all, the visit was only $69 WITHOUT health insurance, and she prescribed me three generic meds that came out to only $12 total at Fry's pharmacy. Not only a great experience, but affordable as well!
5	Just received a phone call from an employee of The Little Clinic asking if I was feeling better today! The service is clearly outstanding.
5	Excellent, professional and  prompt service.
5	Nice service!  Ryan Linder is the RN who runs this spot.  I went for a vaccination here and I was very pleased with the speed and friendliness of the service.  Somewhere between the local urgent care clinic and getting a flu shot at Walgreens, you'll find this place.  If all you need is some minor medical service, try them first.  They're right inside of the Fry's.  Do some shopping and stop by.
5	Excellent service! As I got gypped by FastMed at 48th/Baseline charging Medicare $300.00 (139,00 that I have to pay) for a 10 min visit for a sinus infection, I was very concerned when once again I was suffering with congestion and this time my ears were all stopped up. I only waited about 15 minutes. The Little Clinic's brochure quoted $85.00 so I checked to see how much Medicare would be charged. The friendly receptionist/Assistant told me $110.00 which seemed fair for the extra paperwork involved. I saw the PA Jose Jojin and after examining my ears he told me I had a wax buildup. After irrigating them and digging around in there for a good 20 minutes he popped out a plug the size of a large bean and the relief was immediate. No more pain. He gave me advice on preventing a future buildup and an allergy Rx to help with the congestion and even checked for me to see if it fell under Walmart's $4.00 Rx list. It was well worth the 5 mile drive to get this kind of excellent service at a reasonable price. Thank you Little Clinic inside Fry's at Southern/Rural in Tempe.
5	Excellent! My regular dr was a week out taking appts and my husband and I both were coughing and having flu like symptoms.  Plus I had a work event I wanted to attend and didn't want to miss it so I was not going to wait this thing out.  So 5 minute wait after paying the usual co-pay I would have at my regular dr. The Physician Assistant was professional, thorough, kind and to the point.  No weigh in or measuring my blood pressure or my height which of course adds time to the appt but fine by me.  They just ask me to provide the stats.  They do check temperature.  It's also convenient because they'll zip the prescription to the pharmacy inside the Fry's, but we had to wait over 45 mins for our prescription to be filled after being promised a 30 min wait so that was the only downer. Just come back or use another pharmacy.  I will definitely go here next time for a quick diagnosis and when I know I just need an antiobiotic instead of going to my regular dr who makes me wait 30-45 mins before calling me back. Another plus+ is they are open on weekends.  Had I known, I would not have waited til a Monday AND I think this is less intimidating than a regular dr office or an urgent care for a man because my husband came with me without arguing/procrastinating... All in all EXCELLENT, thanks Jojin Matthews and front office staff.
