4	This is one of the nicer Targets in town.  They know how to operate the cafe and they have a nice selection.  I have never seen the police near this Target and the prices are good here.  However, I think it has a very bad electronics section.
4	This is my favorite Taget. The best hot dogs & pizzas in the deli & they have a great selection, plus its just down the street from Toys R Us, Meadows Mall and Mervyns so it makes it real convennient for holiday shopping.
4	Scott said everything that needs to be said, except that yes, I can find clothes in my size, the men's department is ALWAYS neat and orderly (in fact the whole store is like that!) unlike the other place I recently commented on, and prices are at least "not outrageous".
2	Honestly, I love Target, so I really mean it if I give a Target store this low of a rating. If all Target stores were like this one, I would NOT shop at Target. Seriously, and the district office is at this location... you'd think it would be their showcase store! This was the first Target in Las Vegas (1987), so i"ll give them that, but c'mon, time to upgrade! The isles are narrow, pillars are in really weird annoying places and block checkout lanes, the Food Avenue team members and VERY slow to service, even the department signs are the old ones with the block color. They really need to just level the entire store and build a brand new SuperTarget on top it's remains, until then, I'd tell you to drive the extra mile to another Target.
4	Best place In town. Better atmosphere then wallmart.
3	How thrlled was I to find a Target much closer to where I live. Although it seems a bit smaller than the Maryland Pkwy, that's not particularly a bad thing for me. It was well stocked and had everything I'd ever look for in a Target. The people working there were friendly and I got in and out in 10 minutes (I was on a mission).Nice discovery for me.
3	Nice store, seems a bit outside my usual area of town for shopping, but found myself over this side today, so I stopped in for a few items. Found the store to be almost empty with just a few people shopping, a lot of employee's stocking. I didn't find what I was looking for, it was probably seasonal with school supplies but took a chance to see if I could find it. Since I didn't, I took a look around at the few things I usually buy, like cat food, and music Cd's and found prices to be good, stock to be plentiful, and the lines at check out not crowded.
4	This is a Target, and it's pretty much the same as all the others. It's officially called Target Las Vegas Meadows, but you could call it what everyone else calls it: Ghetto Meadows. It's not THAT ghetto, really. And it's like 3294987345894 times better than Wal-Mart. You know what's cool about this Target? They're cheaper than other Targets. So you get great deals. I bought a full-sized grill here for like $50 last year. Father's Day on the cheap!
3	So confusing. It's layout is different from the rest of the Targets I go too. They don't have much Green Works products there. The sale items wasn't stocked. The place is clean, not much workers around to help.
3	This store seems a bit older, not near as nice as my regular Target (N 5th in NLV) but it works. The bathroom wasn't very clean and had a funky odor. Otherwise it was your standard Target and the only reason I went here is because I was at the Blick Art store across the parking lot.
4	It's pronounced "Tar-Shay" you simpletons! ;)Now that I have that little joke out of my system (lol), the store was surprisingly neat when I first came here. Not showing any disrespect to its location, just wasn't expecting it to be as neat and clean as it was....for its location. (I think I just contradicted myself!)The grocery section, particularly the frozen food section, needs a lot of help. Very sloppy on the times I've come in. The shelf food items were pretty neat and organized however.The rest of the store appeared to be pretty nice and so was the staff. It was your typical "Tar-Shay" environment. Quiet, calm and pleasing. I'd shop this location again when in the area.
4	Not sure why I was in this neck of the woods for a Target but I will say it was not my favorite. I parked in vomit. Luckily, I realized it before I stepped out and moved my car. I still was a little disgusted (okay, a lot disgusted) but I really needed a Target run, so in I went.It was a deserted Target and its signs haven't been redone in a while. I'm quite familiar with the various Target layouts, but this one had me lost--and as a perennial Target shopper, I'm guessing that Corporate Target wouldn't like that. I found what I needed and went on my merry way. However, the real star deduction comes from my checkout situation, where two teenage boys running their respective check stands couldn't stop their conversation in order to scan my items. You've got time to talk later--just give me my vitamin water and steno book, please. Can't say I'd recommend it due to the vomitous parking lot, but no matter what, it blows Wal-Mart out of the water!
5	There is nobody here...Litterally, there is never but a handful of people here not matter the time...
4	This target is a little older but still full of he clean, fast and friendly service you love. The women's clothing election is not as large as some of the other locations in town though. Other than that, this place rocks.
4	This target store maybe small but each time I have come to this location it is always well stocked and they were always helpful when it came to the thing's that I was looking for at this target location. Everything was easy to find unlike most stores and it is always clean even the bathrooms, here are clean which is a good thing.
5	It is always stocked and clean I love it and it is never a long line to check out so you are out of there within 3 minutes and it has idolm@ster many stores don't carry
