3	This place specializes in down home cooking.  They are famous for their fried chicken and I definitely recommend trying it.  They also have a variety of other foods to choose from if you're more health conscious that myself.  Definitely one to try for your next long lunch hour.
4	We were shopping in the Arboretum area and were looking for someplace different to have lunch.  We spotted the Charlotte Cafe in the back of the plaza and decided to give it a try.  Walking into the restaurant, one notices that the decor is pretty simple; there is no particular theme other than the colors of black and white intermixed.  The checkered floor and four or five counterstools are reminiscent of an old-fashioned 50s diner, but that's as far as that theming goes.  We were a bit surprised to find that -- even during the week -- there was no lunch menu or pricing.  Meals were around $10 each, including sandwiches.  I ordered the gyro.  It came with one of about 20 side item selections.  Wow.  I was boring, though, and went with the traditional french fries.  I made a good choice, though.  They were piping hot steak fries.  YUM.  And the gyro was very meaty and delicious, too, for it not being a Greek restaurant.  My partner ordered their turkey dinner special.  It was basically the components of a Thanksgiving dinner with each item piled on top of another in a small casserole dish (even cranberries!) and then covered in hollandaise sauce.  He said it was good, but he wouldn't order it again.  I tried a bite, and the turkey was good (and thick) but I probably wouldn't get it either.  (I loved my gyro, though!)The service was excellent and I'd recommend the Charlotte Cafe, but not for a cheap lunch.  Be prepared to pay dinner prices.
3	I don't often get down to the Arboretum area, but we were over that way one morning and decided to stop for a bite at the Charlotte Cafe as a change of pace.It's an interesting little place - nothing too pretentious (like Le Peep can be), just a little cafe that has a diner feel to it.  You have a decent choice of menu options, and most of them are pretty good-sized for the price.While not the cheapest place in town, you do get a good amount of food, and we found that the staff was very friendly, and the always kept the drinks filled - something that is tough to find these days (and something that I'm always picky about)!
1	From my one and only visit today so far, I rate this restaurant poorly because it took the server a long time to come to my table after I was seated. I ordered something on the menu called Sly Scottie because next to it in italics it said 'We're famous for this one!' It sounded okay: Turkey, broccoli, and cranberry sauce on top of a muffin (they mean English muffin). But when it came out it just looked like a bowl of lard. It also felt like I was eating a bowl of lard. I should have probably ordered from the diet menu. Haven't had this bad of an experience in a while.
3	What a cool place to experience unique Southern flair!I came here for breakfast and found it to be an experience unlike any other.  The decor takes you back into a different time and place.  Not that this is an old fashioned type restaurant, but it does possess a unique aesthetic that I haven't seen previously. The food is unique as well.  While it doesn't lack the basic breakfast staples and go to Southern meals, it does offer some unique creations.I ordered the Sly Scottie, which was a flagship dish of the cafe.  It was okay...not outstanding.  It had more novelty value that impeccable taste.I wasn't impressed with the price.  I only had a lunch entree and a coffee, yet still spent about $16 with tip...quite a bit more than a reason lunch in my book.I probably wouldn't frequent the Charlotte Cafe, but it's worth going to once.
2	Hit and miss for lunch and summer. Was told that veggies were all fresh, no way..breakfast better. Homefries good. Omlettes dry and not so good.
4	Went to this place for breakfast for lunch with my sister. It was fast friendly service and they were quick to refill my sweet tea and awkward requests (I mix and match slides). My sister ordered pancakes which she had no problem with and returning to the South, the bowl of grits were delightful.
1	Pathetic, no other way to describe this brunch.I did have breakfast here once before and it wasn't this bad. Feel my pain: .....I get there on Sunday at 1:30pm after the rush was over. Their house special "Eggs Benny" covers the whole front of the menu. I order that with a cup of black coffee. I get the coffee then my waitress disappears until 20 minutes later when she brings me my plate. I stop her from running off because the food looks suspicious. Sure enough the poached eggs were hard boiled. "Is that too cooked for you?" YES.I wait and I wait and I wait ( just a few customers in the house) and a whole 15 minutes later she quickly drops off the new plate and runs off, NEVER TO BE SEEN AGAIN. It's been 35 minutes since I first ordered. One egg is borderline ok, the other is hard boiled again, the Hollandaise is dry and starting to curdle, the English muffins are not toasted properly and they're chewy as hell, the hash browns are absolutely tasteless. Not a micro-gram of salt, pepper, paprika, onions nothing to give it any flavor. No waitress anywhere, not only mine but all the ladies wearing black tee-shirts are anywhere but in the dining room. After a few more minutes I lose patience, go to the counter find a waitress and ask her for my check.The girl at the cash register asks me how was my meal and I tell her exactly how it went.... in detail. She is very very very sorry but doesn't offer to comp even the coffee. For maybe only the second or third time in my whole life I don't leave a tip. The worst Eggs Benny I've ever had, coupled with ridiculously bad service: $15 and some change including a cup of coffee. That's right, over FIFTEEN DOLLARS for this.edit: check out the review that was filtered, I don't see why it was.  It reports a very similar experience to the one I had with the kitchen unable to cook the food right and the customer still being charged for it.
3	We come to the Charlotte Cafe periodically primarily because they have a good variety of veggies on the menu.  The food is, like I said above, a-ok.  You won't write home about it,  but we find it to be just fine. It's like diner food to me.  Tonight, I had the pork chop, and I've had it before.  It was good, tender, and cooked properly.  I had the collard greens and they were just fine!  Not full of stems like some I've encountered.This is an "easy" place to go.  Easy to go with kids; easy to take your elderly mom.  Just easy, and not pretentious at all.  I see that others have complained about the service, but that's not what we have encountered here at all.  Maybe we hit the "good" days, but the wait staff has always been friendly, accommodating, and our service has consistently been good.So, if you're looking for a unique, perhaps romantic, fine-dining experience... go across the parking lot.  But if you want a good meal, at a fair price, with several options to choose from, and in a relaxed  atmosphere - try the Charlotte Cafe.
3	come here for breakfast once a week . Good , cheap , quick !
2	Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude.
3	Had a good little breakfast for under $6.00. Simple decor friendly staff.
3	Good Breakfast!  Not many Breakfast places in the Arboretum Area of CLT!
2	I am a big fan of breakfast & brunch, so I am always on the lookout for new options.  One Sunday, I decided to check this place out instead of going to my usual brunch place.  Sad to say, this was a big mistake.  For me, they did not have a good breakfast/brunch menu.. the offerings were very limited in comparison to other area brunch spots. But, I found something that sounded ok, and placed my order.  Unfortunately, the service was very slow and I waited forever for my food to come out - and it was not even anything special - scrambled eggs, home-fries, and toast.  Even worse than the slow service, was the fact that my food was cold and flavorless.   The price point was not bad, but I will not be back because I was not at all happy with the quality of the food.
4	Cute little diner-like restaurant in the arboretum with FREE WIFI if you ask for it :) Doing some work while waiting for my engine oil to be changed at Firestone!
