5	Ah...Sunnyslope. A one time haven for tuberculosis patients.A one time meth capitol of the United States.A one time skinhead stronghold.An all-the-time wonderful, delicious, and unique cultural kaleidoscope!This is where I was born and raised. Once a Sloper, always a Sloper. Ask anyone who has been lucky enough to live nestled against the North Mountain Preserves. Also, we don't appreciate being called sunny slop, so cut it out. Considerable wealth and considerable poverty live back to back in Sunnyslope...and we all shop together at our sketchy Fry's on Cave creek and Hatcher. You're guaranteed to hear a variety of languages while you browse the produce.And, sure, you sometimes hear the cacophony of gunfire echoing elegantly through the mountains. And Crackheads On Bikes are a VERY real driving hazard. But Sunnyslope has it all:-Grinder's: our very own locally owned coffee shop that roasts it's own beans.-The Community Center: where kids can play basketball and old folks can dance.-The Sunnyslope Artwalk: art and culture every 2nd Saturday. -The Humane Society: attempting to control the roaming dog (bred by the meth heads?) population.-Bomberos: delicious and stylish South American wine bar.-El Rancho Market: so good, so Mexican, you might forget what country you're in. And the only place I can buy my favorite Mexican candy.-The canal: on which to jog and in which to fish when the cops aren't watching. -Sunnyslope Buddhist Center: for enlightenment.-El Bravo: for the best Tortillas in the city.-Tacos Jaliscos: for authentic Jaliscan food and authentic mariachi every Sunday. -The mountain preserve: of course.See what I mean? Delicious! I love you, Slope.
5	I, too, love the Slope. I was raised near Northern and Central and now live where my streets dead ends into the Mountain Preserve.  I have a home-based business and can ride my bike or walk almost any time I need a break.Houses are older but most solidly built. Lots of Boomers live nearby and the neighbors are open-minded and mind their own business. Most keep their houses up and even the recent rash of foreclosures sold quickly to families. I can ride my bike to major stores and it's convenient for my friends to drop by. The Slope has my vote!
4	Sunnyslope is near an dear to my heart. i lived in a great home at the END of central ..it was a mid century style home, kinda reminded me of a Ralph Haver home...The slope is like any other hood it has the good,bad an ugly...I was lucky an lived in a great little area..Back in the day it was known for the TB sanitariums, crazy huh, ppl from all over the us came to the slope to get better...I always felt safe an walked the dogs late into the nite, plus there is a great was a great mountain right across from where i lived that i could walk up, it used to be someones home but burned down, it was kinda creepy{ i like creepy things,places} but it had the BEST view ever... Got to see tons of wild animals all the time, big plus...
1	Worst hospital I've ever been to in my life. The dr's in this hospital have absolutely no ethics and treat patients like they are not important if they have state health insurance. I would never allow anyone of my friends or family members to go to this hospital. I am currently suing this place for misdiagnoses and unethical practices.
