5	I have been a fand of the newington based Bonsai restaurant for a long time now, so I have been looking forward to the latest incarnation opening up for some time. Leith has been crying out for a suchi restaurant for ages and now I can have my sushi fix this end of town. Yarrr! Wandered in here around 9ish for a table and the place was resonably busy for a Friday night, I am guessing that this will be short lived and once more people are aware of this place then it will be bookings only on Friday nights very soon. The decor is great, contemporay asian I guess with a few antiques placed here and there. The friendly waiter showed us to our table and made sure we knew what we were ordering etc, which I thought was great as many of my friends are intimidated by Japanese food so someone willing to go over the menu was nice. This time round I didnt order any of the meat or fish dishes my dining partner for the evening is veggie so I though lets get an array of things we can both eat. Everything was excellent and served quickly. The list of food we ordered is below:agenasu - aubergine with chilli miso sauce avocado & red pepper makivege tempura - in a light crispy batter with soy broth vege california -  egg, avocado, cucumber, mayo & sesameokonomiyaki - traditional Japanese vegetable pancake (Never tried this before but it was excellent)All in great service, amazing food and nice atmosphere... we had a great meal out.
3	This new Bonsai is very much a reproduction of the previous Bonsai (which is no bad thing). An identical menu, served up in near identical fashion. As far as sushi goes, it's totally "A-OK" as the Yelp 3-star rating suggests.I've had many things on the Bonsai menu before at the old branch, and from what I tried here the quality is the same if not slightly lower. Between three of us we ordered the Dragon Rolls, the Rainbow Rolls and the Crab Rolls.The Rainbow Rolls were the favourite, the Dragon Rolls ok but the Crab Rolls a little disappointing. The 'tempura prawn' in the dragon rolls was tough, and the Crab Rolls had hardly ANY crab in them. All three rolls weren't very well made and fell apart quite often, with the toppings falling off, and the crab rolls especially were very messy.The restaurant itself is quite nice inside - lighter and brighter than the original Bonsai in Old Town. The staff seemed a bit confused both taking our order, and delivering it. We had to ask for wasabi and the waiter kept stumbling over what he was trying to say. I just felt like they weren't very 'with it' but it is a new restaurant and they may still be finding their feet.It was some of the 'messiest' sushi I've had in Edinburgh, not very well made although the fundamental flavours were still there. The rice was still a teeny bit warm too, which may be why it fell apart.I like sushi and there isn't a sushi bar at this end of town so I would go back to get a sushi fix. But it doesn't come close to Kanpai on Grindly Street.
4	I have long been a fan of the original Bonsai over by the Pleasance so was delighted when I saw this branch was opening so close to my front door I could easily overindulge on sushi and roll all the way home (it's down hill and everything). I've been 3 times already - once for dinner and twice for lunch. The menu is the same as the Pleasance  - not the most adventurous nor expansive sushi list but a good variety of maki, nigiri, sashimi, rolls and hand rolls together with other 'hot'  favourites such as teppanyaki and okonomiyaki. The lunch deal is fantastic - about a fiver for miso soup and a set choice of 6 or 7 things including a sushi set. Bargain. It's not big, it's not clever but it is tasty and exceptional good value. Service is friendly and quick as well. I will be a frequent lunch time visitor.
3	I 've been here for more than a dozen times for lunch and each one of them I was completely satisfied. In fact I strongly believe that this place deserves its rating of 4,5 stars, the food is awesome and the prices are good enough, if one utilises the lunch or the box deals. Yet today I decided -unfortunately- to go there for dinner, for my first time, and the service was horrible. There was only one poor girl running around for more than 10 tables inside and outside and I waited for 40 minutes just to order and exactly an effing hour to eat. They should just hire another waiter for the evenings or remove some tables but that situation today was unacceptable, thus the -1 star in the rating and my recommendation against visiting Bonsai for dinner in case you are hungry, even more now that the festival is approaching. (The food was again exceptional, but what gives?)
3	We have visited this restaurant several times while in Edinburgh. The food is always good, although the quantity is rather small even for a sushi restaurant (thus I wouldn't suggest the lunch menu). I wouldn't suggest this place for the service since misunderstandings are common and sometimes the service is rather low.
4	Now in two venues this is, for my money, still the best Japanese food experience in the city within its price range. Friendly and efficient service, a good number of specials and a menu from which picking too much is a constant danger.
3	Not the best Japanese cuisine I've had, but certainly not the worst. The menu is pretty varied from sushi to hot noodle dishes to french fries, but things seemed fresh. I had sushi and while some of the flavor combos weren't what I'm used to, it wasn't a bad meal. The service was alright, if a bit slow. Price-wise, it was on the higher side for Edinburgh, but we had a nice lunch out at Bonsai.
4	As good as the original in terms of both service and food, just in larger and more central premises.
4	I love Sushi and Japanese cuisine but after repeatedly being told that Edinburgh just doesn't 'do' Sushi, I never really investigated further. Until a couple weeks ago when the craving became too much. I had heard that Bonsai was one of the better choices in town and after passing on Broughton Street, thought i'd give it a go. And i'm very glad I did!We were seated with a friendly, welcoming greeting at the front of the restaurant in a nice and bright window bench. It's a modern, clean and quite minimalist place but very comfortable and well laid out.The menu is a brilliant example of Japanese food but also balanced with plenty dishes suited to more 'European' palates.Drinks were up first, there were the usual soft drink options: green teas, a few Japanese beers, a small but well selected wine list and the ubiquitous Sake. I opted for a glass of the Pinot Gricio and very nice it was.To eat I had the tako salad, scallop and tuna sashimi, sunomono salad and kim chi. The Scallop didn't taste quite as fresh as it could have but everything else was delicious.  The tuna was generously portioned, a little thickly sliced but fresh and served with radish noodles (I think) and a dressing almost as nice as the tako salad. The tako salad was the highlight for me. Lovely, juicy octopus with diced tomato and an incredible yuzu dressing. I could have drank that dressing by the pint. Maybe. The wakame salad was crisp and refreshing with a lovely nutty aftertaste and not at all oily, as I had feared. A little bowl of perfectly spiced kim chi cut through the fishy, salty goodness a treat. My companion dipped in and out of what I had ordered but went with the miso soup to drink. She was pleasantly surprised by how much nicer it was than her previous encounter with the 'horribly fishy' version at Wagamama.No, you're never going to get Tokyo standard sushi in Edinburgh but having tried a number of other sushi places since, my preference would most definitely be for Bonsai.
4	Sainsbury's was my go get sushi when I was younger.  And then i suppose it's lost it's way in my food world.  Just because i would choose other cuisines over it - nothing against sushi at all.If I'm on Broughton Street, it's usually in the day time and I usually pass this place without really thinking about it.  It has a few tables at front and at the back of the premises.  The decor is red and black.I choose the "dragon", which has eight pieces of rice roll with a tempura prawn, avocado and something creamy on top.  It was nice and worked well with the thinley cut slices of ginger and I had alot of ginger.  To top if off i could not resist the scallop - nigiri-zushi (2pieces)seasoned rice with topping.  I love scallop and this is my cup of tea.  I had a taster of Cressi's ordered a portion of pickled plums and offerend us to try. Boy .... that made me make some faces! Way too sour for my tougue!  I loved the pork dumplings and the pancake type almost like an tortilla - quite delish too.I might give sushi more of a try in the future as I like fish and the rice is a nice filler.
3	Being completely untrained to all that is sushi, my level of experience rested between "Tesco/Sainsbury's" and "Is that the one with the peppers in it or the meat?" so it was safe to say when I went along to this restaurant I knew I wasn't going to have a clue about anything that was on the menu.Thankfully a few of the good people I had with me knew what was going on and without embarrassing myself I was able to pick up the way the menu worked and what was supposed to happen.Having ate a 2ft baguette (don't ask) for lunch I decided I would take it easy so I ordered the salmon maki and the tuna maki and both were lovely. Most of the maki is served in 6's so, as Cressi pointed out, the best way to visit this place would be in a group and have everyone order a few different dishes.I tried a bit of everyone's and all were wonderfully prepared (and in a few cases cooked). They tasted fresh, sometimes sweet and perfectly filling. Forgive my ignorance on the spelling and pronunciations of the dishes, but I can vouch for what I tried that it was lovely.If I could take a moment to bow my head in praise for the wasabi and pickled ginger, at one time I had tears come to my eyes with the initial heat of the wasabi that was rolled beautifully in to a little ball, which of course means it is made right and isn't that funny pasty stuff you get in the supermarket packs.Perfectly welcoming little restaurant if you fancy a small evening out of throwing a few tables together and going in a group. Bonsai has definitely encouraged me to try all the local sushi bars in Edinburgh.
3	Food was good - I had a bento box and although it seemed a wee bit wee it filled me up well. Definitely felt it was good value for money.  Felt a bit disappointed with the service - the restaurant was quiet when I ate there and the two servers were yakking away not 10 feet from me. Were v noisy and not the most professional. Spoiled my dinner a bit.I prefer the other Bonsai but this is probably a good choice if you need to get your Japanese fix around the Broughton St area. Worked for me!
2	Back to where Sashimi & Sake had previously been great....For a change, this time round, I tried the Wakame Soup for starter as I had not done so in the past. I loved the combination of Sesame Seed and Seaweed, it made for a most appetising soup indeed. For my main course I went for my usual dish, Assorted Sashimi, as, I wanted to see how it compared to Bonsai in West Richmond St. It was better, but, sadly, not by much. The portion was smaller than my previous visits here and it was presented on a different style of plate (to mask the smaller portion perhaps?). The quality of the Sashimi left a lot to be desired. There were 2 pieces of Scallop (1 big one cut in half), 2 very small (nano?) Prawns, 2 pieces of fish I didn't recognise. These were served with Radish Noodles, dressing and Wasabi. The Wasabi was not fresh and also, there was no slivers of pickled Ginger to cleanse the palate as there has been on previous visits. The Sashimi clearly was not fresh (I've had it straight off of the boat, so I should know), and sadly none of it rang my bell.The Chicken Yakitori and plain, boiled rice was jolly tasty and just oozed with flavor. The presentation was, way better than the Sashimi.This was all washed down with a half bottle of the house Sake, a sake that's exceptionally balanced between sweet and dry.With the one exception of the ever effervescent waitress Michelle, this was markedly so downhill from my previous visit here just a short while back that I would have to think twice before returning to Bonsai as opposed to going elsewhere. Proceed with caution, if you do go, ask for Michelle to serve you.I'm sure there's Japanese restaurants a plenty out there and Bonsai need to pull their socks up before it's all too late.
5	I really don't know where the negative reviews on this page are coming from. I come to Bonsai fairly regularly, both this one and the Richmond Street one, and I have never had a bad experience. Today was a classic example.      There I was, in town with a little bit of time to kill before I had to start work, feeling that kind of hunger that only sushi can satisfy. I was fairly sure I didn't have time to sit in and eat anywhere but the temptation was just too great....so I headed in to Bonsai. I sat down at around 1:10. My order was taken at 1:15. (I was clock-watching because I had to start work across town at 2:00). I had received and eaten it by 1:25. At lunchtime, folks. The australian girl working there was doing the job of two people and carrying it off with grace and charm.....and this is, for me, absolutely typical of this place. I almost forgot to mention that the quality of the food here is always absolutely top-notch.       So please, if you're considering Bonsai, remember that, often, people who don't really know what they're talking are wont to write reviews of places that are just completely unfair. Some people just have very unrealistic expectations, and unfortunately they are the ones who are motivated to comment. So ignore the naysayers and give it a go! And if you're on a budget, go at lunchtime so you can take advantage of the very reasonable specials menu.
