3	"We're getting a standing snow cream place here? As in, not from a truck so we don't have to watch our Twitter feed obsessively? You shut the front door." I was so psyched when I heard Jet Tila was opening up this place after having tried similar products in my home turf of Southern California! The location is in the same shopping center as Starbucks but a little towards the back so don't expect to find it facing the coming and going of Spring Mountain traffic. A huge menu greets customers upon walking in where patrons get to choose from either pre-designed combinations of snow cream flavors, toppings, and sauces, or customize their own. You can choose between two sizes - ninja (20 oz. for $5.50) or sumo (32 oz. for $7.00), after which you can pick up to 3 toppings ($0.50 for each additional). I got a ninja Kuma snow cream (the original flavor) with mochi, popping pearls, and red bean, with condensed milk, which helps because the texture is just a tad icier than I initially expected. The staff will ask for your name a la Starbucks, and serves your Kuma concoction via a small tray once its ready. The mochi hardened as expected upon contact with the snow cream, but it happened faster than I could eat it all, so I might need to rethink that one next time, while the red bean was clumped, but nothing a spoon couldn't fix. The popping pearls were fun and are like a yogurt-flavored party in your mouth. Having so many toppings though, means that I'll need to go back at least a few more times to find out what the perfect combination for my taste buds is. Thank you Kuma for letting us exercise our right to choice! I'm looking forward to frequenting this place more - nobody I know can make it through these Vegas summers without a sweet treat, and pool season is not as forgiving to the All-Ice-Cream Diet.
4	Let me just say that I wanted to give 3 1/2 starts but I can't do that so I rounded up.When I first heard about a snow cone/snow cream/shave ice/kakigoori place opening up, I did have mixed feelings about it.  Is there such a demand in this town?  I mean....I sometimes have this craving for ramen, sushi, burger, whatever, but....kakigoori?  Not exactly, so I have been anxiously awaiting what this is all about. In Japan, as with most things there, kakigoori or snow cones/cream whatever you want to call it, is very seasonal.  You really don't find it often unless it's in the middle of the summer, so having a permanent place is somewhat of an odd idea from my perspective.  I did see a lot of shave ice places in Hawaii and that's somewhat understandable given the climate there.  I did eat at the famous Matsumoto Shave Ice in Haleiwa, and my impression was....what's the F'ing big deal about this?  Which is exactly what I felt when I ate at Kuma as well.Well, the ice is very finely shaved for melt in your mouth texture, very good.  Certainly better than Matsumoto.  I did have the "Bruce Tea", which is the Ujikintoki equivalent with matcha green tea and mochi with condensed milk.  I actually liked the green tea flavor, but mochi was crap.  Chewy, and tasted and textured like it came out of a fridge, but it's somewhat difficult to make a real mochi, besides, 99% of Americans would have no idea what a real mochi tastes like so I guess it may be a moot point.  I'm a bit turned off by silly names like "bruce tea", "ninja/sumo" sizes, "shinobi nut", etc.  It's kind of like Shoku Ramen naming one of their ramens buta-san.  I guess they are trying to be cute, but from a native speaker standpoint it's silly to say the least, and bordering on annoying.  Anyway, I think the kakigoori itself was exactly what it was supposed to taste like:  4 stars.  Was I impressed?  No, but I've never been impressed by Kakigoori before.  Do I have a craving?  No.  Would I go back?  hmm.....ehh.....  that might be just my personal taste, so it might be a GREAT place for those people who love shave ice, kakigoori, and such, so I settled on 3.5 stars.
5	I came in on opening day and I was greeted by the cashier. Nice young lady. I ordered a Ninja-sized Kuma Snow which has a light vanilla/sweet cream flavor with red beans, mochi, popping pearls, wafers and a drizzle of condensed milk. It was delicious!! It was not overly sweet. The tanginess of the popping pearls balanced it out. The guys preparing my delicious treat were nice, too.I will definitely be back!
3	A new, nice, bright, clean frosty dessert spot just in time for the infamous Las Vegas heat season.  As far as timing the grand opening of Kuma (meaning "bear" in Japanese) Snow Cream, Chef Jet Tila has definitely picked a good month to open his latest F&B venture to the public.  After all when it is hot enough to transform your wind shield wipers into rubber spaghetti (just wait a few weeks), everyone will seek reprieve from the unrelenting sun in any way possible. Having a tasty snow ice will be one of the latest method for beating the heat.But let's back up a bit.  Most people are familiar with frozen desserts such as shaved ice, snow cones and frozen yogurts. Snow Ice is NOT exactly like any of those familiar frozen treats.  It is a Taiwanese shaved ice dessert variation (Japanese shaved ice is called Kakigoori, it is similar but prepared differently and also not exactly like true Snow Ice) that has became very popular to the locals and visiting tourists, and can best be described as eating frozen cotton candy (because when snow ice is prepared and served correctly, it should literally melt in your mouth), its appearance is also very unique.  There are a lot of different flavors and recipes for making Snow Ice, but most are made using fruit, juice or fruit juice concentrates and milk, and freezing the liquid mixture into a block of creamy ice for Snow-Shaving.  (CONGRATULATIONS! You are now an intermediate level expert on Snow ICE!)A "so easy a caveman can do it" test to determine if you are having an authentically made/executed snow ice is to perform a quick 1) visual and 2) taste tests.  Snow Ice is velvety smooth, so you should not see any ice crystals in your dessert.  Once you get a spoonful of Snow Ice in your mouth, it should just melt in your mouth and you should definitely NOT feel the texture or grainy ice crystals on your tongue.  If you see or feel ice crystals, than it is made incorrectly or poorly.Now that you know what a real Snow Ice is supposed to be, you can be the judge of Kuma Snow Cream's attempt at preparing this frozen treat.As for me, aside from how successful of the attempt at making Snow Ice, it still comes down to flavor and value.  I tried taro snow cream from Kuma Snow Cream (KSC) and selected the fresh blueberry, lychee and mango as my three included topping, which is then topped off with Strawberry Sauce. It was very refreshing in the mildly warm weather.  The staff placed a good amount of toppings on my frozen treat, that I felt it was a good value for the $7 Sumo (32 oz sized cup) dessert I ordered.  The wait was nominal, and the entire ordering process was pleasant.  There is also a stamp card, where frequent customers can get a free 10th snow cream after accumulating 9 stamps.My friend ordered his Taro snow cream topped with red bean, mango and something else, and commented that the read bean alone would be perfect with taro.  So next time I will have to try that flavor combination.Summary about the menu and ordering process:1. Pick one of two sizes. Sumo (large 32 oz cup costs $7) or Ninja (small, 20 oz cup costs $5.50), which comes with three toppings and a sauce.2. 5 snow cream to select from (Mango, Taro, Kuma Snow, Green Tea, or Strawberry).  Not sure if they will allow you to select more than one flavor.3.  24 toppings to select from (from fresh and canned fruits, nuts, to popular cereal and candies), each will costs $0.50 extra past the initial three toppings.4.  Top it with a sauce (5 options include Condensed Milk, Chocolate, Caramel, Mango and Strawberry), $0.25 for each additional sauce.  The sauces are NOT homemade variety, but those you order in jars or cans.    5.  Pay up buddy! Then wait a spell for your pre-concocted or personally customized snow cream combo to be prepared.6.  Tipping is optional, but appreciated.7.  Enjoy!  Conduct optional "Is this real Snow Ice" test.  Tell your friends, write a review on Yelp. Collect stamps.  Be nice to people.Kuma Snow Cream is located on Spring Mountain and Valley View (same plaza as Starbucks, and across the street from Kung Fu Thai).  The parking lot is small, so drive carefully, and consider carpooling.Final thoughts:  Not the authentic snow ice I had at the place that started the craze in Taipei, but this is the best imitation in town at the moment.  Be the first amongst your friends to try it, you know you strive to be cool like that.
4	So here's my take on Kuma Snow Cream.  It's a finely shaved ice creamish dish? The Taro Snow Cream I got was light, sorta icy, slightly creamy, but not as dense as ice cream but still full of flavor. The only small qualm I have about it is it reminds me of imitation ice cream and I'm wondering does it have any artificial flavoring? Aside from that I still enjoyed my dessert.   It's more 3.5 rounded up to a 4 cause I'm a fan of the flavors and toppings they carry here. What I Really Like About Kuma Snow Cream:The snow cream stays colder longer. It didn't melt as fast as my frozen yogurt or ice cream usually does. The exotic flavors they offer. Like Taro snow cream. Now all they need is Black Sesame! Toppings hardly available at your typical froyo joint like Custard, Red Bean, Lychee, and Condensed Milk are provided here..... and I repeat now all they need is Black Sesame.Reasonably priced. I got the "Create Your Own" Ninja sized 20oz  piled with three toppings and choice of sauce drizzled on top for $5.50. Now if I was at the yogurt place the same thing weight wise would've cost $2 more. So you get a pretty good value here! I like the cutesy names for the combinations they had.  "Bruce Tea" for the green tea chef inspired  snow cream creation. It sets the overall tone of the place as fun, light hearted, and family friendly. Where is Kuma Snow Cream:Chinatown/Spring Mountain/Valley View vicinity your visual cue is the Starbucks. Parking is hit or miss depending on time of day you go. The interior and service counter is small but the place is spacious enough to handle a large crowd. Seating area is limited to 3 (or was it four?) tables and some bar stools lined up along the wall.The employees were friendly and all smiles and eager to help. Place your order and if you are dining in they will call your name when your order is ready.Okay that's 1 visit down for me. 8 more to go till I get my free Sumo sized one from the punch card. Hopefully it will be a Sumo size cup of Black Sesame (hint hint)
5	Excellent new Snow Cream place by Jet Tila. Great staff, service, and bomb snow cream! Check it out and you will not be disappointed!
3	Cross between shaved ice and ice cream. Really really good!!! This is something I've never heard of or seen before so I'm really excited that I LOVE it. I love discovering new things I like to eat. Ordering is a 4 step process: 1. Pick a size (Ninja 20oz or Sumo 32 oz)2. Select a Snow Cream ( Mango, Kuma Snow, Strawberry, Taro or Green Tea)3. Choose up to 3 toppings (various fruits and candies)4. Choose 1 sauce (chocolate, carmel, strawberry, mango or condensed milk)I wish them luck. This is a really unique thing and I can see it growing into a chain one day.
3	I expected more from Kuma, as it is the first Dedicated spot in Vegas for Snow Cream. I have had the Experience of eating many different types, Some of the other reviewers are just as Harsh about this fact as me. The Snow Cream Texture is Gooey, not Creamy, It's like it has to much Corn Syrup/Syrup and no flavor... I was disappointed by this fact alone. . . (T__T)Quality and Quantity the double "Q's" as you call it. . . are Very important in something I want to speak highly of. The Quality was sacrificed I believe to keep up with the Quantity that they have to put out on a regular bases. For Example, Archie's Thai Restaurant serves Mango and Strawberry snow cream, I recommend trying their Snow Cream and comparing it to the quality of Kuma- Archie's is just More savory with Flavor and Texture!!! as I am a HUGE fan of all things Ice-ee, Shaved Ice Specially , I was disappointed by the Snow Cream. The place is very cute, very (Anime) influenced! the Menu is very Kung-Fuey! ^__^Sizes are a bit much, with no kid size, just a Blunt 2 sizes. . . Macho or Sumo! lolTheir toppings are a bit less than i expected, the mochi escpicially, it was rock hard or close to it, hard to chew, even yoghurtland has softer mochi . . . Maybe it was just old? Always have positive intent when I write these but I have to be honest. If you present something on a picture should it look like what is advertised? Don't be cheated by less than what is advertised. . . OK~ I probably will not come back here unless it is absolutely necessary and my family is expecting me to show up with them there... (--___--) .... Thanks for the effort of bringing a Snow Cream here to Vegas ...
3	This is the newest place that Yelpers were talking up before it opened, so I was curious to see what the hype was all about.  My first experience with this type of snow ice was a couple of months ago in Los Angeles at New York Snow.  Their snow ice is much smoother than the one at Kuma's.  I ventured to Kuma on their second night of business with my partner-in-crime and tried the Ninja size Kuma snow flavor with mochi, red bean, coconut, and condensed milk.  I was expecting the sheets of shaved snow ice like at New York Snow, but my order didn't look like that.  Regardless, it was still a tasty treat--the red bean was delicious and fresh.  The service is very friendly and all smiles.  The joint is nice and bright with a cute Sanrio feel to it.  Stop by and check it out for yourself--another nice dessert option in Chinatown.
3	Stopped by here Saturday night after a show and the place was totally packed just before midnight.  Good for them!  I appreciate how well thought out everything is from the creative flavors and toppings to the cute characters and general set up.  I am sure they're thinking merchandise, TV shows and the whole lot for Bruce Tea and Mangozilla.  It just looks so damn cool...snow cream!  But in the end, it's simply not my thing.  I prefer frozen yogurt instead for the health (many of them could be fake) benefits like protein, enzymes and bacteria I can't spell nor pronounce.   Plus my dessert doesn't turn into a soupy mess in less than 10 minutes.  Their small size known as "ninja" was big and more than I needed or wanted.  How about considering a smaller size called "chiisai" or "weewee" for $4?The first few bites of my Mangozilla were quite refreshing.  I liked the Cap'n Crunch mixed with multicolored mochi and strawberries.  The snow cream itself was very interesting.  I honestly tried to scarf it down as quickly as I could despite my snow cream headache because I didn't want everything melting on me.  This happened to my wife since she's one of the slowest eaters in the history of eating.  She actually chucked the whole thing after only finishing half because it was just cold, weird, syrupy soup.  She liked it less than I did.  I'll give it another show some other time and try the taro combination.  Their flavor combos were really cool and I can only imagine how long that whole thing took.  It would be nice to have some outdoor seating too.
3	I don't hate it. I don't love it. I'm very blah about it.Initially wanted to come here after seeing pictures on Instagram. I was super excited as I was hoping for snow like that from Hawaii snow places, like Snow Factory or Frost City.My friends and I had #3, #4, #5 respectively. I don't like the "popping pearls" in my #5 so, I replaced it with butterfinger.I'd like to say it was similar in texture being kind of creamy but, they need to improve on their flavors. I got to samps the taro, green tea, and "kuma snow" (whatever flavor that it) and it was whatever......it quenched my thirst in this heat we're having.I'd like to see more variety ---- I'm thinking of the variety that Snow Ono food/shave ice truck had --- I miss horchata flavor, I guess.I loved how the decor is all bright and cute. Tryna get the whole Asian-kawaii market. I mean, that's what got me.....very Instagram worthy pics outta here.Overall, I'll be back. Businesses tend to get better in time ***cross fingers*** I wanna bring more people so we can "samps" more things; this way I don't base this review on just 3 flavors.
3	After a nice dinner and a great time in DTLV with Terri R, our last stop for the evening was dessert. In fact, we purposely put dessert aside because of all the hype that Kuma has been receiving the last couple of nights.  It seemed like every Vegas Yelper, at least the ones we knew, were checking in.  We were no different and had to see what's really going on.Well, what's really going on?  For me, not much anyway.  My first impression of the place was cool.  I mean, this place is cold.  Kuma goes out of the way to make you feel like you're in an igloo with the their snow decor, polar bear, and even ice looking flooring.  My first thought, this place would be perfect to go to during the summer to just chill.  I mean that literally.  As for their "snow cream", I wasn't too impressed. First of all, not fluffy like advertised.  That's no big because it's all about taste and satisfaction for me.  I opted for their Taro w/Red Bean, Mochi, and Capt N Crunch.  I thought taste was pretty good, but texture wasn't what I expected.  Again, I expected a fluffy snow type feel. What I got was texture close to froyo.  Taste wise, I'd give them 4 stars. But why the overall 3 stars?  Here's why;1.  Selection:  Not much of a choice of flavors here.  I'm not saying there should be a plethora of flavors, but 5 just doesn't cut it for me.  2.  Price:  You have choice of two sizes.  Their smaller size is their "Ninja" and their biggest size is their "Sumo".  Both are pricey, with the Ninja costing $5.  The cup size is huge, but this is where the disappointment starts.  Look at the pictures all over this joint and even the pictures that Kuma has posted.  You see their snow cream over-flowing at least 2 inches above the rim.  Now look at the pictures that Yelpers have posted, even mine.  You see skimpy portions and this is where they get you.  But I get it. Their $5 small is named Ninja for a reason.  Silent, but deadly....on your wallet that is. I'm giving this place 3 stars for now because Kuma is just A-Okay in my book.  I'm not saying I will never return.  I'm sure my daughter and nephews would love this place, especially since I'm Daddy Warbucks to them.  I just don't see myself going out of my way for Kuma.  Ninja Taro w/Red Bean, Mochi, and Capt n' Crunch:   http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=59DoHPrcsL6VvzsE-i2Dyg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQNot a Fork:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=vydtjjjYWB_hSQ2QhCmF8g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
3	You should have some dessert here. I think ever since Fluff Ice came to Foodie Fest last year (velvety, perfect snow ice), this "snow ice" caught on, but in lame and half-assed ways. You can get this stuff at Icy Juicy and Easy Life, but it just isn't the same. Not bad, but not the real deal. Anyway, having tried Kuma - I think they're the first in a wave of "acceptable."Fast service, rather tasty snow ice, and just enough toppings. I had the regular snow ice flavor with lychee, coconut, mochi, and strawberry syrup. I was a fan. I don't think it was too sweet, surprisingly, while being covered in sugar. This is a matter of opinion I suppose. I also sampled the taro, which tastes like taro. Surprise!If you're a fan of this stuff already, you'll enjoy it enough because it's pretty much your only choice in reasonable distance. If you want the good stuff, you'll have to make the trip out to Frost Bites.
3	I was looking forward to the opening of Kuma for a while, now I've been, and unfortunately I don't think I need to go back again. I love the store itself - kawaii polar bear, and I hope they eventually have the employee shirts for sale. As for the snow cream - it was eh just ok. I know they literally just opened, but the flavor options are pretty limited. Compared to fluff ice and the other similar place I've been to, I also didn't care for Kuma's texture. As a couple others mentioned, it's kind of icy and not as smooth as others. I had the taro w coconut, popping pearls, lychee and condensed milk. Flavor wise taro was about the same as yogurtland or getting a taro boba, nothing special. They were out of mochi already, and the lychee needs to be cut in half - it's silly to expect someone to shove an entire half frozen lychee in their mouth. The worker also didn't seem to know much about their toppings. When asked what the popping pearls are, he said it was like boba. It's NOTHING like boba - it's those juice filled balls that pop. I love those anyway, but maybe the guy should know what he's selling. Sorry this ended up being a b*tch session, but I'm just really disappointed. Seems like Kuma is about (adorable) appearance more than substance. And btw it irritates me that their interviews keep saying that Kuma means polar bear - wrong, it just means bear.
3	we ordered 1 sumo & 2 ninja size of snow creams.,  In comparison to Hong Kong, Taiwan, & Singapore, it rates ok for Vegas. It seems the portions are getting less and inconsistent each time I've been here. I am not happy in the value anymore, not worth the price I paid.
2	Disappointing. Was excited to try the snow cream here, but the whole experience and product was disappointing tonight. The snow cream was really colored ice, no cream or flavor, just crunchy ice for the mango and taro we tried. I've had better Slurpees. The price for the small (ninja) at $5.50 was steep for the product. Obviously they have never tried Block Heads or Fluff Ice in the LA area, both are better then this stuff.  The final touch of quality was the black folding card tables for the dining tables. Really? Is it a holiday and I'm at the kids table again? Pass on this place until it improves.
2	Was looking forward to coming to Kuma but was disappointed once we were there...the place is quite small, maybe three tables and being a Sunday, there was no where to sit after ordering. The flavor options are limited and so was the options for toppings...Ninja costing $6+ for the fluffy snow and 3 toppings...literally 2 small spoons of each topping, kind of stingy for a new place.  The fluffy snow was icy as mentioned by others and that's all you can get here, no smoothies or juices...EL is way better.
4	Taiwanese snow ice in LV!  It is tastier than ice cream and normal shaved ice.  I like!  However, if you're ever in LA, go try the authentic version please.
5	Some reviews on here.... my God. The flavors are limited? So name a flavor that is not on the menu that will sell just as good. They did the right thing: they opened with the most popular flavors, as to PLEASE the majority. Great concept, trendy, family friendly. I think this is a perfect addition to Vegas, or even Chinatown for that matter. Otherwise, it would just be another space for boba tea to add to the one in a million list. Yelpers yelp.... Chef Jet did a good job with this concept. Much healthier than that of it's competition too. By the way, Taro & Mango all the way! Must try/ you'll be back
5	This place received much hype due to the return of Chef Jet. I have recently dropped by to cool myself off from the Vegas summer heat and was not disappointed. First off, the logo is a cute bear with a tie. How could that not bring in business?The staff is friendly and accommodating when asking for recommendations. The portions are more than sufficient for the price that you're paying. $5.50 for ninja or $7 for sumo and the cups are huge!My personal favorite is the mango snow cream with popping pearls, blueberries and condensed milk. The suggested flavors are creative and a good place to start if you're indecisive.I believe this place has so much potential for growth. They're just starting up and may have some minor flaws to improve on but nothing extreme. Some of the snow cream isn't as "ribbony" as it could be but I'm sure it varies depending on flavors. Still worth the five stars. It all comes with time and this place will soon become the go to hangout spot for the younger generation. I give this place a lot of kudo points for being the first snow cream place to open up in Vegas.
3	Hmmm. Hmmm? Hmmm.That's what I kept thinking as I ate my Kuma ninja (ginormous) sized snow cream. I had never had it before and now in the aftermath I am still a little unsure of this dessert item.After attending K-Pop goes the Yelper, my friends and I decided we had to check out this new craze of fluff ice, snow ice, snow cream? Anyway, whatever the name we ventured to Spring Mountain behind the Starbucks and found this KAWAII place nestled in the back of a shopping center. It's brightly lit, and colorful. Everything looks super CLEAN. There are few tables though, so I imagine when the place is packed there is nowhere to sit. Basically it is kind of like a froyo place, you can choose from pre-made combos or you can make your own concoction by choosing a snow cream, two toppings, and a sauce. I decided I liked the sound of the Bruce Tea, but I did not want red beans and wanted to replace them with rainbow mochi. The girl said that was fine, but they were out of the popping pearl - d'oh. So I ended up basically not having the Bruce Tea at all, instead I made my own combo - Green Tea snow cream, rainbow mochi, strawberries, and condensed milk. As I received my snow cream I knew I would not eat all of it, so that kind of disappointed me. I wish they had a smaller size because I cannot eat that much, especially since I had previously eaten dinner. But I set about eating my snow cream. I liked the mochi, it was soft, but I got tired of it after awhile and pushed it aside. The strawberries were very frozen, and the condensed milk gave everything a nice flavor. As for the snow cream - I'm not sure how I feel about it. It did not have a good "mouth feel". I know that sounds weird - but it was like a cross between ice cream and just shaved ice. It was kind of how ice cream gets if it get freezer burn. I was hoping it would be more.... fluffy? More air-like? But mostly I just noticed it was like flavored ice crystals in my mouth. Not to mention it began melting into a goop when I got toward the end of my bowl. I had to toss a big portion of it.Would I try again? Not sure. I think I want to venture out and try a different snow cream place to compare and contrast. Maybe I will go back to Kuma once they have been operating for a bit longer.
3	I like the idea behind Kuma Snow Cream, but I can't say that I loved the snow cream itself.  The popularity of ice cream alternatives seems to have really taken off, with lots of cues being taken from Asian influences.  Frozen yogurt, shave ice, snow cones, fluff ice, there have been lots of alternatives and snow cream is the newest to hit Vegas.Despite the name and description of the product, I feel like what I ended up with was more of a frost cream, rather than snow.  The snow cream had lots of ice crystals that led to a crunch with each bite, and the texture didn't do it for me since I was expecting a fluffier and softer texture.  The toppings were plentiful and good, with enough fruit and candy options to create the dessert that you want.  I do wish that there was a smaller size available.  At first I thought the ninja size was expensive, but the portion size ended up being more than I could eat.  I'd much rather pay less for a smaller portion instead of having some of it go to waste.  Otherwise, bring a buddy and it's a perfect portion to split.  For me Kuma Snow Cream is an interesting take on frozen desserts, but not necessarily one that I will go out of my way for.  (It also shares its name with my dog, who could totally have been the mascot: http://instagram.com/p/XI44d9nLvP/)
5	Kuma Snowcream is great! My kids loved it, and ill definitely come back! If your looking for something different this is the spot.
5	Yummy, and friendly service
5	Cute logo...great service...super yummy! I love the Shinobi nut combination! My ninja size disappeared quickly!!!
5	Man o man ain't nothing like beating the heat with some kuma snow ice cream....yesss I hate the heat and I know just how to beat it.....going to kuma me and my kiddo love it already
1	So bad I had to actually write a review...   I was so excited to try this place because Vegas is lacking in good fluffy snow or "snow ice"' as they call it here. Typically, you have to go Los Angeles (or one other place in vegas) for really good fluffy snow.   For those who have not had fluffy snow before, WARNInG: ThIS IS NoT HOW ITs SUPPoSED TO bE!    Fluffy snow ice should be light, FLUFFY, with delicate ribbons of finely shaved snow, that should melt in your mouth and completely dissipate. The snow ice here is not fluffy nor snow-like at all, it's gooey. It was shaved ice but gooey. So gooey that when I spooned out my first bite, the goo pulled out in strands (like extra cheese on a pizza). Even so, I dared to take a bite and OMG the goo left a strange coating on my tongue.  I ordered the taro flavor and the actual flavor was acceptable but the texture was so gross.Yuck. Terrible. I ate the toppings and tossed the rest.     My friend ordered the mango and it was the same gooey texture but the flavor was not acceptable, very artificial tasting. It tasted like mango-flavored candy, not like actual mango (as it does at another place in town and in l.a.). Needless to say, she also took one bite of snow, ate the toppings and dumped the rest. We proceeded to yogurtland to right the wrong that just happened to us. Note to manager/owner/ whoever is in charge here:   You have a great concept and great looking little store. Please fix your snow ice to make it what it should be. Do your research! Your product is a far cry from the fluffy snow in l.a. or at your competitor (whom out of respect for your business, I've neglected to name in this posting, but it iSNT icy juicy that's for sure. Their fluffy snow was pretty gooey too so don't research there). Make your snow ice what it should be and this place will be the hit of the town. Your product's consistency and texture is still way off. I hope that for your sake and for all your patrons you figure it out and get it right. Soon.
4	I've been twice already and truth be told, I will probably go back this weekend.And if I am being even more honest, this will probably be a local spot for me this summer.Let's talk about texture. It's somewhere between ice cream and shaved ice.Yes, some of it is a little bit icy and not as smooth as I anticipated but I found that if I let it sit for a minute and relax and enjoy what I was eating that it slowly all came together and I truly did get a smooth and creamy ice.I did not have any problems with it becoming a pool of melted goodness either. Upon my first visit, I took my order to go and drove back to work (Tropicana & Russell) with no AC on and it survived. Slightly melted, and I mean slightly.My first visit I thought I thought I could handle a Sumo but my belly looked like a sumo when I was done eating it. I was full, full, full!!! But it was so delicious I couldn't stop. I had bought a taro with red bean paste, rainbow mochi, and popping pearl. My second visit, I brought my man and kiddo so they could experience the goodness for them self. My man was instantly hooked and hasn't stopped talking about this place. This time I knew better so I ordered the ninja sizes. He went with the Bruce Tea (#4) on their menu - green tea snow cream with mochi, red bean paste, popping pearls and condensed milk. I enjoyed the taro so much I ordered it again. This time with red bean, green apple jelly, popping pearl and condensed milk. I know, I know, I didn't change it up much. But why fix something if it is not broken?We ended up switching because he liked my combo of toppings more. I also really enjoyed the green tea flavor. It truly tasted like green tea. Nice.
4	The other reviews are really surprisng to me. I really liked it! I am a big icecream fan and love that this is a lighter. I'm sure not calorie wise but at least in texture. I had mango with pearls, blueberries and lyche. I really enhoyed it and wish they sold their shirts. The logo is so cute. I've been telling everyone they have to try.....give it a chance and don't go in expecting yogurt or icecream its totally different. This will be my new spot all summer.....hope they open more locations soon.
2	So I show up at 10 pm the Friday they just opened anticipating some good sweetness.Right away I am disappointed for they are out of the mango and strawberry snow cream. So me and the wifey decided to try the number 3 Shinobi Nut.We decided to share a Ninja size for 5.50 because the Sumo size was pretty big for 7 bucks. Again we were disappointed for the Shinobi Nut was way too sweet. If you refer to my pics, they only have 5 different snow cream flavors. I guess I am spoiled by Yougurtland since they have all sorts of different flavors not to mention tart and sugar free options. For those those that are used to froyo, you serve yourself and are charged by weight. These guys put it in one of two sizes you pick and then give it to you. So they charge by size and not by weight. So for now it is a solid 3 stars. I will come back again to try the mango and/or the strawberry snow cream. Im hoping its not too sweet either. Don't get me wrong, a little bit of sweetness goes a long way, especially when you are already adding more sugar to it a la gummy bears, chocolate, etc.I will update accordingly based on my next visit. Hopefully its a good one.
4	Gotta try the taro and green tea flavors.  These are the best flavors.  Hopefully more flavors are made in the future or at least weekly special flavors!  This place is new clean bright and inviting.  You just have to find it.Some choices that would be great is a plate for putting the snow cream and toppings separately instead of the cup so you can see the creamy texture.  Also, to have flavor combos so you can have the best of 2 flavors, etc.All in all it has been a great experience with Kuma snow cream these past 4 days!!
1	Heard so much publicity about Kuma on USA Today and a lot of local news and magazines so I went there on Wednesday with my whole family to see what the whole fuss was about. So I will get to the point why this place deserves a 1 star review. 1. Kuma employees claimed that all their fruit displayed were fresh. However this is not the case, their only 'fresh' fruit was the blueberries. Fruit what were either canned in syrup or frozen were their mangos, strawberries, lychee, mandarin oranges, and cherries. 2. Snow cream was very icy and flavors were too sweet. BTW this is not the first store in las vegas to sell fluff ice/ snow cream. This product has been selling in other stores such as Easy Life Boba, Icy Juicy, Volcano Tea, the store next to Volcano Tea, Archies, and Frost Bites Shavery. So Jet Tila, is not the first one to start this 'fad' in Las Vegas. Snow cream/ fluff ice should have a light, pillow/feather like consistency, if you try other locations in Los Angeles, this rates an F. 3. Jet Tila, although this store is not fully yours, you still put your name on a product and with that comes responsibility. Your employees are not educated on your product, being open for the first week, I nor have anyone i known seen you at the store. Shouldn't the owner be at the opening of his/her own store for at least the first week? 4. Tables and chairs, so cheaply built. Our tables were rocking back and fourth. 5. 5 employees working, not one employee comes to check up on us. The biggest of the 5 problems I encountered was the fruit. Come one, during the summer time produce is the cheapest.... Try replacing all the canned/syrup fruit with fresh fruit and I can promise you, that the customer will appreciate it!
3	Nice cool treat!
5	Love it!!! Is it ice cream? Is it snow?  Is its little ribbons of deliciousness?  I don't know.  But I do know that it was a delightful treat that didn't leave my tummy aching after.  I heard about this place from a friend and went immediately.  I am glad i did.  It was a nice treat that complemented the hot summer day.  I had the Taro ninja... I got mochi, custard, wafers and a bit of condensed milk on top.  The custard was a little weird but I still loved it.
3	So I just had to try out this hype that everyone is raving about. So I took my kiddo friend with me to check it out. We both ordered our own ninja sized (I assume that with a ninja size some ninja with a samurai is slicing up ice cubes to ice snow perfection). My friend ordered a mango flavor one with gummy bears, mango pieces, and m&ms, with chocolate drizzle. I made my own and ordered a green tea flavored one with mochi pieces, captain crunch , and almond bits, with condense milk. So the place is very clean, fun, and contemporary. Big ups for them for having a charging station/bar. That was pretty cool. The deco is very contemporary, with that "yogurtland" feel to it. That's probably not a good way to describe them since they're far from a yogurt place. So as I eat my snow ice concoction I'm brushing up on my shave ice 101 by reading up on Tony T's review. As I'm taking bites of my shave ice I'm thinking..."Yes! Tony! Yes! This is true!" or "No! Tony! No! It can't be"....after my 5 minute lesson I did learn...The shave ice should have minimal ice crystals if not null. The ice shavings should melt in your mouth. Unfortunately, caught red handed, I did have a bunch of ice crystals in my shave ice. I wanted it to taste more creamy and melt in your mouth like than it was. It was delicious, but as far as trying to be different and veering away from some yogurt stereotype...I doubt it. I couldn't find an indifference from other frozen treat places. What they offered made me question every second if I would rather go to a yogurt place. The toppings are the same. Flavors are the same if not limited in variety. Quality of the shave ice is subpar. Don't know if I'd choose this place over a yogurt shop yet...I think they're dying for something to make them stand out.
3	I came here twice last week. First time was on Sunday, for my husband's birthday dessert, and the second time a few days later. Our first trip, my kids ordered mango with sweetened condensed milk and what I call gross kid toppings (sprinkles, M&Ms, and some sort of fruit I forced upon them). I ordered green tea with condensed milk, almonds, peaches, and custard. Oh my gosh, my mixture was BOMB (sans peaches) that I had to go back 3 days later. This time, just a double order of custard mixed with those salty crunchy almonds and the sweetened milk made this mixture amazingggg. My kids happily shared this with me and had no complaints of it being adult, so my recommend is that if you're down to share with someone, order the Sumo, bicker over and then agree on some toppings, to save yourself $3. The reason I only give it 3 stars is because the fruit toppings look really bad. They don't have anything fresh. Everything came out of cans which is super unappealing to me, especially for it being the beginning of Summer. The first time I came, I was so enamored by my awesome creation that I didn't have a chance to taste the snow cream by itself, but this time I tried it alone and it tasted very watery. Not as creamy as I would have wished by far. I also noticed this the first time, but that stuff is crunchy. I do not like the feeling of chewing on ice, which according to Tony, should not be happening to genuine snow cream. Unfortunately, I don't know if the texture is repairable... I would probably prefer finding a froyo place that serves green tea froyo and getting the same toppings there, or at least a place where it doesn't feel and sound like I'm chewing on ice in every bite.
2	Had better snow cream....use fresh fruits when you can...strawberries are so cheap right now yet you don't have fresh strawberries.
3	Friendly, quick service even though place was busy.  Cute interior. I ordered the Shinobi Nut and thought it was too sweet.  I liked the texture of the sweetened condensed milk over the ice, but it would have been better if I paired it with something a little tart.
3	Yes, it's yummy but oooooo my tummy :( Unfortunately, I am lactose intolerant and there are no vegan options to choose from. I would definitely go back if they gave me milk free options. I loved the pearls!
4	I was excited to try this place because I thought it would be similar to the Fluff Ice truck that I am in love with.  It isn't as good but it is as close as I could get.  They only have a few flavors, I wish there was a few more.  My favorite was the regular snow flavor.  Also, its kind of expensive.  There are no kids sizes, so I had to get my young kid the smaller of the 2 available which is too much for a young child.  It was $17 for three of us for desert.
4	Same plaza as the Starbucks on Valley View & Spring Mountain. Pretty decent size place. You're never (for now) going to get the kind of snow/shaved ice like in California. But this is pretty awesome for what we have in Vegas. So far I've only tried the green tea and the taro snow. For someone who's usually a taro fan, I found myself liking the green tea snow much better. I'm not too big of a green tea fan but so far that's what I like the best. I've yet to try the others but I will soon!There are two sizes -- Ninja $5.50 & Sumo $7. You can pick 3 toppings (add'l charge $0.50 for extras) and 1 sauce. For the sauce I tend to get condensed milk since that's what I'm used to. I think Ninja is more than enough, but that's just me. I don't tend to eat much anyway.There's vanilla (aka kuma snow), green tea, mango, strawberry, and taro so far. I actually don't prefer to have toppings -- I did order coconut once and it was an overwhelming amount of coconut. The fruits aren't always perfect but it'll do. I love the mandarin oranges :).Service is pretty great -- no complaints there. Management seems nice as well! It's going to be my to-go place now that this blazing heat is back!
3	2nd visit, nice to sit down inside instead of a truck. Not silky with ice chips. Not perfect, but good. My 3rd visit was ok, I think the Sumo portion is equivalent to the ninja, but the price is the same as before.
5	Yum!!! Love! Exactly perfect spot for a cool treat this summer! Our first visit we tried the suggested combos from the menu and they were very good. I did'nt love the slight artificial taste of the strawberry snow cream flavor that my daughter ordered  though. Green tea and the regular (plain) were very nice.  I decided to do my own creation on my second visit (alas I am not a syrup fan turns out) and was even more pleased! I did the ninja size with the plain(vanilla) with just blueberries and strawberries and popping pearls. Very good decision! It was refreshing and fun. Great place to try something different!Notes would be : A tad pricy, and I wish there was a kid size for my 4 year old. Staff was very nice and service was fast, but both times we went it was after 8pm so I assume thats why.I would guess as this places catches on in popularity wait times will be longer, but then again I do hope for their continued success!I encourage the fresh fruit options and pass on the syrups... Just doesnt need it! :)
4	I was impressed to have tried such an unusual dessert. First of all, the creative mind behind such concoction needs to be praised. Congrats to the creator of this dessert!I first took small bites of this icy delicacy, to figure out exactly what the ingredients were. Unfortunately, I was unsuccessful! I could only say that this tasty dessert melted in my mouth, and loved the combination of all the toppings added to it. Extremely refreshing to enjoy when temperatures are over 100F in Vegas. Will I return? Of course!! I'm actually going to bring a few friends to experience this new icy and creamy delicacy that has come to Las Vegas!
3	I guess I'm gonna mirror the majority of people here with my A-OK rating and feeling about it. I came with Tien N. to get a treat after lunch and this was close by and the new digs. I got one of the premade creations, the Bruce Tea - green tea snow, red bean, popping pearls, mochi, condensed milk. The flavor of the green tea was good, the texture was eh. It's a bit icy and while that is not a grave detraction, it is not what I was expecting or prefer. I will take other peoples word for it that this is not "typical" nor ideal snow ice as that's fluffy. I normally like my stuff pretty plain when it has awesome texture, but in this case, yes, the toppings make it.  I've only had fruit flavored popping boba and I really like these white pearls since they taste like those Asian yogurt drinks in the plastic little bottles with the foil top. Mochi and red bean were standard as they should be. The sizes here were surprisingly big. I got the ninja and while I finished it, it's probably more than I want to eat on a usual. A 3rd smaller size is probably a good idea.  The girl at the register was friendly enough and I got my creation pretty fast. They have a stamp card system so if you like it, then you'll get a large size for free eventually. I'll probably be back at some point as I love frozen treats, but I'm not dying to go back.
4	Unique flavors and a good textured dessert! Perfect for las vegas
4	I got the Mangozilla ! added the mini popping pearls & really enjoyed it !!
3	Kuma snow cream! You guys know how to make a delicious snow cream / fluff ice! It's a little more spendy than Fro-Yo, but it's nice to switch it up every once in a while. Seems like there are tons of these places now...but I am not complaining in Vegas heat lol.If I am comparing it to places I have tried so far, I would say it is most like Fluff Ice. It has a very light airy quality, not overly icy or cold. It doesn't get slushy like Oso Ono shave ice and similar....it's a little different!I went with the Panda Berry : Strawberry, Oreo, Almond, Cherry, and Chocolate Sauce. Yummy! The snow cream is very soft and flavorful...not quite as slushy as shave ice even in the heat!  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kuma-snow-cream-las-vegas?select=9yR_XHWmZ3nfaSfVAbozxg#9yR_XHWmZ3nfaSfVAbozxgGrandpa's concoction : Pineapple, Lychee, Strawberry sauce, etc! Grandpa really liked this!  It is not overly sweet, and it had a fresh taste overall.  Pic : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kuma-snow-cream-las-vegas?select=HiO-GNt4WN_RhY2z_FTosA#HiO-GNt4WN_RhY2z_FTosAReason why I didn't hit it with a 4/5 was because I still had a lot of snow cream on the bottom of my cup when I was done...the ratio of toppings wasn't as much as I would have preferred, and the snow cream didn't really have a very flavorful taste all by itself...I guess I should have mixed it before eating it.I'll give them another try sometime soon :)
3	The ingredients have a Very Artificial taste. It is a good substitute for the REAL thing.  I want 2 flavors when i order the Sumo size. They need to work on the portioning  inconsistency. Great toppings.
3	I agree with everyone else that the smallest size is a bit large for one person and one person alone. Good sharable size but i cant imagine anyone ordering the large unless it's a small family of half a dozen...Got the Shinobi Nut which was just 'meh' in my opinion. The kuma snow which i think it's suppose to be milk flavored but it didnt really taste like much to me. There was just a bit too much coconut and not enough condensed milk. The mochi balls offered a nice chewy texture but the lychees didnt really make a difference in anything near the end.I'd like to come back sometime later to try the other flavors of snow cream but the location and the amount of parking space is extremely inconvenient.Yelp 100 - 032 of 100
3	The snow cream itself is enjoyable as I'm a fan of the taro. However, I wish their toppings were more fresh. They should also cut down on some of the toppings. Having only two sizes makes it a bit difficult to decide which size to venture with.
3	Shaved snow has taken Vegas by storm, so I had to try it out and see what all the hoopla was all about.  Since it was my first time trying it, I didn't have any expectations. All I know is that after my experience, I thought it was "OK"Upon entering we were greeted by 2 very friendly workers who were willing to give me sample after sample so that I could make a decision.  My first sample was of their namesake, kuma snow and it was so icy, and I asked if that is how it is supposed to be.  The worker replied "not really, but that particular flavor is the only icy one".  So I passed on that and tried the mango and green tea.  And he was right, they weren't as icy.  So I ordered a ninja sized green tea with almonds, mochi, lychee, and condensed milk.  It was a nice refreshing treat on a hot day.  But after eating a huge dinner, it was too much to finish.  I wish they had a smaller size option.  The shop is cute, with bright colors, plenty of seating, and a nice place to stop in and cool down during the Vegas summers.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 49/100*
4	I had too complete my full circle of snow ice in Vegas. Talk about times have changed in Vegas from shave ice too snow ice. Both cases nothing better especially on long hot Vegas summer days!!! I had dinner with the family at Koraku Ramen not even knowing that Kuma Snow was right next door. So it just made it that much easier too complete the circle besides is there better dessert too finish meal then some snow ice?? Nope. First time so lost at first but the staff did great job of going through the steps. I settled on the strawberry with strawberry and rainbow mochi balls. The snow ice itself had ton of flavor. Might not have been great idea too go strawberry on strawberry but really can anyone not get enough fruit in life. Wait sorry my friend Mel C. I will make sure eat extra portions for you! Surprise at the snow ice the depth of the strawberry flavor because just had the green tea at Frost Bite not have the same depth of flavor. The rainbow mochi balls or mochi balls always get with any shave ice or snow ice in life. Ono. Topped with little condensed milk. It was pretty darn good. If not had come Kuma Snow Cream place that you should stop day on dog days of summer!They also offer stamp card action. Woot! Woot!!!!!
3	We went there after lunch to see what the shaved snow was all about. This is a little place with two Ice Shaving Machines and about 12 different toppings. I ordered the featured Honey Dew Flavor. The ice was decent and a had a texture consistency between soft serve and ice cream. The flavor just OK and the lack of more variety of toppings makes it just a simple froyo store.
5	Went here the other day with my sister. I admit I wasn't expecting much when I first got there. I thought it would be like all the other Asian froyo/ice cream places in town but I was SO WRONG. The snow ice is so fluffly. Upon first glance you might think it to be just plain old ice cream but when you scoop it up and eat it you can immediately tell the difference. It has a very light almost shredded type of texture (like confetti??). I got the taro flavor with red bean, strawberry and mochi. It was very light and I didn't feel full after I ate it and it wasn't overly sweet. I will definitely be coming back with my friends.
2	Despite the very average reviews of this place, I was still pretty curious about Kuma Snow Cream. I arrived with an open mind, low expectations and an empty stomach and despite that I as still disappointed by this place. I ordered the Booboo's Taro with taro snow cream topped with popping boba, mango sauce and gummy bears. The toppings are the best thing about the dish, I think. The snow cream itself was just too overly sweet for my taste and had a bit of an artificial flavor that I didn't care for. The texture wasn't creamy at all and it didn't really even melt as it sat in my dish as I ate around it. My dining partner and OG Ryan B enjoyed his Panda Berry quite a bit, but I'm just not sold. I don't think I'll be back, unless they change up some of their options or add a tart flavor in the future.
4	If you are into sweet stuff, you'll love this place. The place resembles a pinkberry or red mango yogurt shop, with all the toppings but minus the yogurt. They only have two sizes: big and enormous. So take a few people if you go and share the goodies!
3	It was our first time visiting the place, I would have to say the whole family liked it but for me it was too sweet. All 6 of us shared two of the smaller ones and it was more than enough. The only thing I liked about all of it was the toppings, the mochi and coconut. Other then that, I wouldn't go back unless first timer friends wanted to go.
4	This place was great!  I had the Lychee and pearl poppers on my ice and a little bit of mango sauce.   I live in Maui where everything is a little bit expensive but I thought the ninja serving size was good for $5.  It is a small place though so we had to wait to sit down.  It may be a place that a person would have to take it to go if it becomes very popular.  I would return for sure.
5	I cannot get sick and tired of the taro flavor. That is so darn good! I get mine with Oreos, custard, and red beans. Topped with condensed milk. The Taro flavor leaves an after taste. I need to get the sumo size from now on.
2	We drove across town to try Snow Cream.  I'm not a fan of fresh fruit, canned peaches or candy, on a mountain of flavored sugar!  The banana and strawberry SC was tasty but left an after taste which usually means artificial flavorings!   If we go again I would have just SC with chocolate and nuts.  Excellent service!
5	Great place for a taro snow ice with any topping that you want..its got a cute theme as their name is named after a bear.. just a great place to grab a quick dessert
3	I tried the Black Magic (Sesame flavor).  If you like Sesame, you will like this flavor. It's topped with fresh fruit.  The first few bites were good but as I tried to consume more, the sesame flavor was quiet strong  and I was unable to consume the whole 20 oz.  I'm giving 3 stars because I tasted Edwin's coconut flavor and it was quiet good. So if I go back, I will definitely want to try the fruit flavored items.
5	Ever step foot into an unknown world? You are hesitant about what awaits. Is this place great? It sure looks great!That's exactly how you'll feel before you step into Kuma. The moment you open the doors and the cool blast of air hits your face, you are overwhelmed by a world of magical awesome that just might change your life.As you approach the counter, you'll find some very happy and friendly employees who will go over the Snow Cream concept and your menu options.Snow Cream is a lot like Hawaiian Shaved Ice, except it's more flavorful, creamy and oh so amazing.The presentation of your dessert is bomb.com and on top of all that, you feel good about what you ate. Not sure as to why, but who cares. Why are you still reading this? Go. Eat. Now!
1	I cannot recommend it. A couple of negative issues: I don't like it. I tried the strawberry and some toppings, the problem is that the "snow" tastes really artificial. Almost like a bubble-gummy type flavoring. It's very sweet also. The other thing is that they have only 2 sizes. Ninja (Large) $5.50 and Sumo (extra large).  If you have a kid(s) there is no small size for them and if you have multiple kids, you're forced to have them share, or get them each their own huge snow. I couldn't finish mine, I couldn't even force myself. The consistency was okay, the toppings standard, but not the flavor. The general consensus among the adults in our group was that we'd prefer shaved ice. A couple of the kids liked theirs.
5	This is the new generation of ice cream, I really enjoyed it. Sumo is a very large bowl so if you don't want a lot of ice cream then get the ninja lol. It's kinda like eating shaved ice and frozen yogurt. My new favorite ice cream spot, thx Jeff.
3	At first this place topped my snow ice desserts, but I've found better and after a second time visiting, I see why it is lacking. As stated from other reviews, it only comes in two sizes and in my opinion, it's like large and XL. The ninja size is more than enough for two people. They do not fill the toppings to over fill the cup, however -- disappointing. I've had their taro and green tea. At first I thought I saw magic -- however, the snow here is really quite sweet...too sweet. The mangoes do not seem fresh, though I do see an improvement in their red bean. They have a great selection of toppings and flavors, which is to their flavor. Sometimes it makes me feel like I'm home again (SoCal!). But for over $5 a cup, I expect better quality. Their place really is cute and clean, and a nice place to hang out with friends. Their hours are good for late night snacking -- it's just quite far for those who live on the Eastside. If you're on the market to try some actual real ingredients, check out Frost Bites Shavery. Sorry Kuma, they're on top of my list now.
5	Taro with red beans, lychee, almonds, and condensed milk. Heavenly!
3	Friend lives down the street so we went out and tried this place. The storefront is adorably cute with its bright colors and "kawaii" mascot. We sampled the original, green tea, and black sesame. The texture was interesting. My initial impression of the snow cream was "melted sherbet that was refrozen". I've had the cotton candy style Taiwanese shaved ice before, and this felt a little different.So after mulling over the flavors and options, we got a sumo: half mango, half green tea. Toppings were strawberry, mango and lychee. No syrup or condensed milk, as we both felt that the snow cream was already sweet enough.After a few minutes of eating, the snow cream became very gooey. It was unappetizingly gooey for my friend, so I did my best to finish it.Service was great. The gal at the register explained the whole concept quite well, and pointed out the combos and special flavors. I think if you go in with an open mind, no expectations, you might like it. For me, it's a "meh". I'll eat it if it's in front of me, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
5	I give it 5 stars for what it is; asian based dessert in a cool atmosphere. Prices are just the same as what you would typically spend in a froyo shop or ice cream parlor. I'm all for anything new since I'm literally eating my way thru Vegas. NomNomNom
3	I think jet tila is incredibly talented and kudos to him for bringing Kuma to Vegas. I thought it was good, not great and a nice cold dessert with fewer calories than ice cream. I tried the green tea and liked it. My friend said that he enjoyed it, but also commented that he preferred ice cream. All in all, everyone should try it because it's a cool idea, inexpensive and a different twist on a frozen dessert.
2	Wanted to try the "other guys" and nearly went into a diabetic Koma at Kuma's. This is not fluffed ice as it should be. The texture is more like frozen yogurt that is overly sweet and gooey with a processed taste. They only offer 2 sizes starting at $5.00 which is high and the smallest size is still too much to finish such a heavy dessert. The plus is that you get up to 3 toppings included and a drizzle of your choice.Parking lot is small and a bit chaotic. Store is bright and clean with modern feel.I do prefer the lighter texture and flavor choices of the other place over Kuma and am happy they are on our side of town. But at least I tried it.
1	I was driving by with two good friends and spotted it by coincidence. I thought the place looked really cute and I wanted to check what it was all about. It's not a soft serve ice cream place, it literally is a snow cream place.You pick a size, flavor, 3 toppings and a sauce. I ordered Mango, mochi, fresh lychee and mangoes with condensed milk. I was really disappointed honestly. With out the condensed milk the snow cream alone was so sweet I couldn't taste anything beyond sugar and it wasn't really good. The toppings were the best part I think and that's pretty disappointing because that's not what it is about. I might go back and try their new Honeydew flavor just to give them another shot but their smallest size is $6.00 and I'm scare of wasting my money on something nasty again. I much rather get a boba tea or a banh me if I'm going to drive all the way into China town.
3	I would give them a 5 for originality.  I have to admit I haven't had heard of snow cream before, let alone tried it before.  After pigging out on meats  (and getting stuck inside the heavily smoked joint due to the heavy rain pour on the evening of July 20th) at Sura Korean BBQ, my friends wanted something cold and sweet for desserts.   We would've driven a bit far to satiate our sweet teeth but with the heavy traffic on Spring Mountain Road, I decided to try Kuma Snow since it wasn't too far from Sura.  We traversed our way through heavy rain pour and flooded streets and ended up in an empty parking lot in front of Kuma Snow where the staff were busy dry mopping their floors and emptying plastic cups of water filled with water from drips from the ceiling.  We walked in and were greeted by very friendly counter staff.  We took our time perusing their menu and tried some of their concoctions.  I shared a ninja sized combo #3 (Shinobu nut) with my friend, and our friend ordered and shared a Sumo sized combo #5 (Booboos Taro).I had 3 spoons of Shinobu Nut and stopped.  It was just way too sweet for me.  The texture was weird in a kinda grainy way.  I found the condensed milk overwhelming. Sugar overload to the max!   The saving grace in our cup were the lychees.  I didn't find the cream creamy at all.  My friends finished their orders either out of courtesy or just for the heck of it.  Neither one of them complimented nor said anything out of respect to me since I was the one who recommended and dragged them to Kuma.  As the rain subsided, few groups came in to order out and eat in.  Seems like in a very short period of time, they've made some following!I have to give it to the staff though.  They're very friendly and uber nice.  The joint was super clean.  We stayed for more than 2 hours just shooting the breeze to avoid the heavy traffic.  Snow cream may be one of those food that takes a while to get used to.  Taste that you have to acquire to like.  Unfortunately,  I think I'm going to stick with my Ben&Jerry's.
5	Yummy yummy i've got love in my tummy!!!!
2	update: ... from 3.5 that I rounded up because this place showed alot promise is being bumped down to 2.5 because of failing to deliver. Sadly what I addressed about how it tasted artificial in my initial review was solidified the other day when we decided to stop by. (plus my previous review was Review of The Day) I had the same order Taro snow, toppings custard, red beans, and lychee.  The "snow cream" that's touted as "lighter than ice cream, fluffy, snowy texture" is anything but that. This recent visit it was GOOEY glue like. Reminded me of making cake frosting gone wrong. ( http://instagram.com/p/b9593sDSLf/ )  It was too sweet and I only could muster two spoons of "it".  I did eat all the toppings though. I am puzzled as to why this snow cream went from promising to "what the heck?" I've since discovered we have had a shaved snow place that was open before Kuma's and the guys behind our place in Henderson ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/frost-bites-shavery-henderson#hrid:CAgk3o9HDehCsb1LHw8Xog/) outshines this celebrity chefs' establishment. It'll be cool when they open shop in the Vegas area!  No disrespect to Chef Jet but I'll pass on this for now. I can't handle syrupy desserts lately. Still I encourage you to try Kuma's snow cream if you haven't yet already and then check out the other one. You will taste the difference..and by the way, Kuma wasn't the first on the scene with snow cream so they cant claim originality. ...maybe first in Vegas but I do remember Fluff Ice ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/fluff-ice-monterey-park#hrid:qVs7fIEqjzEXBtWMAqfH4A ) was the one I tried first. Just sayin.This update is based on product only and does not reflect on their friendly and helpful employees.
4	...not sure what the issue is with all these average reviews...the service is very timely and the Snow Cream is very good...I truely believe Yonaka (the new love of the LV foodies) should learn the snow cream techique instead of using strictly shaved ice in several of their creations...my only issue....wish there was a smaller size...
3	So I ALWAYS crave something sweet at night, and since frostbites wasn't open at 1030 pm, we landed here. So checking into kuma snow got me in trouble with a few people lol. I know frostbites is better guys. This was just the closest thing near us at the time. Now, I totally get why frostbites is better. Their snow is light, sweet but not overly sweet and natural tasting. Kuma snow felt thick and syrupy. Also like it was made from flavored powder. And it wasn't as soft as frostbites snow, it was more icy and had that crunch. I do like their selection of toppings though. The mango wasn't so ripe yet, but I still ate it. The girls were friendly and explained te process to the newbies of snow ice. The bathroom was clean, but it was an obstacle course getting there due to the multiple trash cans in the middle of the hallway that was collecting water from the leaking ceiling. I'll be back if I'm close by or it's late at night. Otherwise, frostbites is still the winner.
5	Whenever I crave something sweet its down to kuma we go..even if we live all the way south side! Best flavor is strawberry with mochi and fruits and condensed milk!! Tried strawberry with chocolate snow cream and it tasted like chocolate strawberries!!!!! My only recommendation is having a smaller cup option. Sometimes I can't eat the whole ninja and I hate to waste :( but other then that..everything I love!!!!The set up/design/colors of the store is amazing and very welcoming!! The best time to go is during the day. Even though they open late there's always SOOOO much people and no seats and always a line!!!!! The day time is always calm and very relaxing!!
4	I Went there Yest. Because I Was Given a Free Ninja Coupon, So I Got the Honeydew snow cream with Cherries and rainbow mochi, It had a interesting Feel on the tongue, :) and this yellow pearl balls that has yummy liquid in them. The Honeydew Snow Cream Tastes just like a Real Honeydew, SOOOOO GOOD!
4	Yaaaaayuhhhhhh!I am a frozen treats FIEND & start jumping up and down at the thought of my favorite ones. I seriously have a problem. Kuma Snow became part of that problem on Tuesday, May 28. It was so delicious that I went back the next day, Wednesday, May 29. What is Kuma Snow? I dunno. It's Kuma Snow, in a category of its own. I enjoy the texture which I can't really describe. I go back and forth between getting green tea or taro kuma. Green tea tastes kind of like a green tea frappe from Starbucks. I do my own version of the Bruce Tea and load mine up with mochi, CAPTAIN CRUNCH (that really sets it off), condensed milk, and sometimes strawberries or popping boba. 4 stars because $5.50 for the smallest size is a little expensive for my addiction! i went 4 weeks in a row and had to force myself to cut back. Can they get a CoCo size (that's me)? Also, sometimes they don't have certain ingredients. I dunno, it's been quite awhile, I think I need another dose of Kuma Snow.
3	We were in the area and chanced upon this place. They have the huge frozen blocks of flavored cream that is shaved and it ends up like more dense shaved ice. You can add your choice of toppings or get a preset flavor and toppings combination. We tried the Mangozilla which was mango kuma cream with fresh strawberries and mochi topped with Cap N Crunch cereal and mango syrup. It wasn't bad, just had a sort of artificial taste to it. Will probably try again.
5	A nice change of pace from frozen yogurt and ice cream, and the toppings are excellent. I will be a regular customer here at Kuma Snow Cream.
3	I was so excited to try this place... I was so wishing for it to be the snow cream we were used to.... BUT it fell a bit short :/Good enough to drop by if we are in the area and have extra time...  But definitely not good enough to make a specific trip for it. I'd rather drive across town to appease a craving if the quality and taste are worth it The flavor seemed really artificial and the texture was all wrong.  The toppings could have been spread with a little bit more love since everything, especially the condensed milk, was lacking. Fluff Ice! Blockheads! I miss you *sigh*
5	This is my absolute favorite place in Vegas. Even as my first meal of the day, it makes me sooo happy with eat bite. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone. If you go to ONE place in Vegas, it better be here. Creativity to the max with this unique and delicious concept. PS. When you come in, ask what flavors AREN'T on the menu. They are temporary, and can be the best or the craziest. Haha they also offer Vegan options now!
4	Wow, my fellow Yelpers are harsh to my sweet Kuma Snow Cream.Like a modern gal in 2013, I saw a bunch of my friends and fellow foodies posting crazy looking concoctions from a crazy named place. The namesake had me even more provoked, because let's face it, to my white girl eyes, it sounds like a name that got lost in perverted translation.First, this store is stark white with a bright popping blue and green. If Hello Kitty's brother had a room, I am pretty sure it would look like Kuma. The best way to describe Kuma, is to say it's kind of like a Cold Stone. You have a few put together combos or you can build your own with a variety of fresh and awesome toppers.So, what is snow cream... They have various flavors (and ask to sample, I had no idea what taro was, it was pretty and purply and I had to sample it. It's a root and it is lightly sweet and a great base) and you can intermix them. I think the owner/chef maker here reads reviews because they have new flavors that are natural. The new strawberry is light and I got to sample VEGAN grapefruit. AMAZING! Snow Cream is like a big brick and instead of scooping it, it is shaved. It's basically sliced ice cream (much like Dippin' Dots is little balls of ice cream). After you choose your base, you add on candies, mochi, fruits, and/or cookies. Then you top it off with a sauce, I recommend condense milk. It's heaven.So, I adore Kuma. It's a different texture and a fun little spin on the traditional ice cream shop. Customer service is excellent as well.They also have a punch card system for every 10 orders, you get one free! I will be KUMA-ing to Kuma frequently.
3	Not too shabby.  This is a place you need to go to experience because it is really cool!  Literally!!!1.  Location - In the oddest strip mall with barely any parking on Spring Mountain and Valley View.  Be careful as it is tucked away and you might miss it.  Kinda behind the Starbucks.2.  Ambiance - This place is ultra modern and ultra clean.  I liked it immediately and felt very comfortable.3.  Service - Rather younger type staff and very helpful.  When you come in, they ask if you have been there and they proceed to tell you all about the choices you have.  Not too complicated.4.  Marketing - The overall marketing of this place is totally hipster and also high end. Even the menu cards that you take and can keep are printed on heavy stock paper that just oozes quality.  First class in my book.5.  The Toppings - They have a variety of toppings, and it can be daunting to try out the different ones.  Thankfully, They have preset orders you can choose which probably are the best of what they offer. Seems fresh and just right.6.  Snow Cream - I have seen the other reviews and see how people react so adversely to the artificial taste.  I can tell you that while the snow had a bit of an artificial bite to it, the texture was amazingly good. Smooth, creamy, dense.  It was like very substantial.  Going back to the taste, it was not bad, did not take away from the experience at all. the only other issue is that it leaves an after taste on your tongue, mainly due to whatever, additive or things they are adding to the snow cream.  I have no idea if it is natural, fake, or some kind of artificial sugar.  That being said, anyone that drinks an icee or slurpee, eats a donut or eats at Dairy Queen, will certainly like this place.  I do highly suggest trying this place. It is a worthwhile experience and texture wise, it was edible!
4	What an improvement since opening.  I tried Kuma  in June, and again at the beginning of this month, and found it good, but not quite on the mark.  Yesterday, after lunch with a few friends, we walked across the street for a refreshing dessert.  They nailed it this time.   Texture is light and fluffy, and they have toned down the sweetness. Kuma is definitely on my list when I eat in Chinatown.  Perfect  accompaniment to an Asian meal, or anytime I need a quick pick-me-up.
1	Wow, what a huge disappointment.After giving this establishment 3 tries (including on opening day -- so much for best foot forward), I must finally post my review. The space itself is cute and modern, something that I definitely appreciate. However, that's about the only positive thing I can say.When your only product is mediocre at best, no amount of decor or (unfortunately poor) customer service can compensate. The snow cream itself is a mushy mess. On my first visit, I thought the toppings may have prematurely melted the snow cream... so on my subsequent returns, I ordered without toppings. Absolute fail. Not only was the consistency like eating mushy gelato with huge ice crystals, every flavor I sampled was overly-sweetened and tasted artificial. I could easily get a comparable half-melted ice cream bar at my corner gas station. (Note: fruit toppings are either canned or frozen; very few fresh fruit options.)"WHAT DO YOU WANT?" was how I was addressed by the girls behind the counter. Not "what would you like" or "what can I get for you?" There wasn't a single smile on any employee's face (except when they were having third-party conversations with their friends over my shoulder). Place a tip in the tip jar -- not even a "thank you." Nor did I receive one when I picked up my order. When I asked where the spoons were, I was casually pointed to the spoon receptacle... as if it was too much trouble to provide CUSTOMER SERVICE IN A CITY THAT SURVIVES ON HOSPITALITY. For a venue that boasts Chef Jet Tila as its frontman, the quality, service and flavors are nothing but disappointing. Celebrity affiliation, location and decor are the only things Kuma Snow Cream has going for it (anyone remember Flavor Flav's House of Flavor?).And to think that Jet Tila wants to open up ANOTHER Kuma Snow Cream in a different city?? Might as well just pour his money down a slot machine. At least he'd have a possibility of a return.
5	Here's the short and sweet. I am so in love with the taro flavor. This place is so delicious and so cute inside. All the toppings are interesting and addicting. I'm going to keep going there and will definitely take people that come to visit LV here. : )
4	Open until midnight, great cool down treat in the Las Vegas merciless heat. Their flavored shaved ice has great combinations and my favorite was the Bruce Tea. The little fixins they put are so unique and fun!
4	Place is great. The ice cream is amazing. The staff doesn't seem to excited to be there.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Not enough seating to handle a busy rush.LIKE  The fluffy snow cream. The fun special combos. Easy to navigate menus. Space is clean and modern.LOVE  The logo and the branding. The popping pearls. The awesome co-founder Jef Salazar.
2	BUST!!! Everyone is over hyping this place. Anyone who says this place is good doesn't know what they're talking about~~~~I gave this place 2 tries to change my mind or even possibly improve on their product but I was wrong both times; I was unsatisfied with what they were serving "fluff" or "snow cream" ice. Before coming to this place I tried two places "Frostbites Shavery (now called Snowflakes Shavery)" and "The Little Kitchen Cafe" both places serve what I think it suppose to be real fluff ice. Kuma tastes nothing like the real thing. I'm not saying I'm an expert on fluff ice or snow cream but I know what taste bad. Kuma's product is very grainy and more equivalent to frozen yogurt. The toppings provided aren't even fresh and the combinations given don't even sound appetizing. The only positive thing about this place is the branding of the company.
5	I have saved this review to make sure it was an honest and informed one. Kuma is awesome! My opinion of a great business is one that always strives to achieve "better". I've been coming here since day one and really didn't know what or how to compare their product. I did some R&D at Snowflake down the street (which is great too) to help formulate my opinion. Chef Scott Okazaki is at this everyday tirelessly striving for perfection. The new flavors are kick-butt! the new banana and strawberry flavors are seriously next level. This business is great and will only get better.
1	I tried Kuma the first time and it tasted like plastic, I got the mango flavor with mango and condensed milk. I decided to give it another try since my friends were going there and I got the same thing since I love mango. It still taste really bad, it was really flakey and not what I expected. The taste was almost like shaved ice with no flavor. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. The taste is really bad and the fruits were so bitter. The seats are very limited as well so you either have to eat in your car or stand up and eat.
2	Not shave ice but not ice cream!? Say whaaaaat?!I have heard great things about Kuma Snow Cream recently and finally decided to try it out with some friends!First of all, let's start with the ambiance--I have to say, it is beyond adorable in there! I am a sucker for modern and white furniture. How cute is that thing! (Is that a bear? I don't know.) It really is adorable! I was there around 8 pm and it wasn't busy at all. Oh, and the service is great, too! As a first timer, they were patient with me and gladly got me through the process of choosing the base, toppings, and sauce!Now, for the actual product... I have to be honest. I was thoroughly disappointed with this. I had the mango snow cream with peaches, mangoes, and condensed milk. Pretty basic! Can't really screw it up, and nothing too exotic for the first try. Right? Sigh. It just wasn't good. The texture was interesting (in a good way) but the snow cream itself didn't taste like anything. I didn't taste "mango", and mango was what I had expected... I'm not even sure I tasted any condensed milk. I found myself just eating the fruit while I kind of just let the snow cream plop in its container. Yes. "Plop".Anyway, I really am sad this wasn't what I thought it'd be. Did I just get the wrong flavor? Was it just an "off" day for mango snow cream? I don't know. Nevertheless, I think I'm willing to give it another try sometime!
5	My new favorite place for dessert.Location is central which is nice, and their only competition is just a couple blocks down the street.  Kuma gets the edge though due to way better atmosphere and hours.Shaved ice, or snow, or whatever you call it, is just awesome.  Not as filling as ice cream, but satisfies the sweet tooth and add perfectly matched toppings like mochi and condensed milk.  Open late night, and at such low prices Kuma is a no-brainer for anytime you want dessert.
5	The frozen treats here are very unique and delicious! They even have several vegan flavors of snow cream; I recommend the taro flavor, which is sweet and a little nutty.The staff were happy to let us try different flavors before we decided on our order. I got a Sumo-size cup and was not disappointed with the snow cream and toppings.The shop itself is very clean and stylish, and in a convenient location.
5	This place is amazing! Awesome combos, awesome service and a very cool vibe in this place. You gotta check it out!
5	Amazing flavors in a clean, modern setting. Hard to find but worth it. I can't wait to go back and try all the flavors!
3	I have only been here once, but we ordered three different flavors when we went. I'm sorry, but I'm not a fan I just didn't like the flavors. Kuma snow was bland. I would rather eat green tea mochi than the snow here, and the taro...I don't like taro period so I can be biased about it. I'm a huge green tea fan, but it just didn't work for me. Service was awesome though. I give them 3stars.
4	It's okay to eat yellow snow here! Just as long as its loaded with captain crunch n such. But good snow!
5	Best snow cream in town! I had the Mangozilla last week with a friend, and it was a great treat before going out for the nights festivities. I definitely will be back for the Panda berry...looks too good to pass up.
5	How can people not love this? It is light and airy, not overly sweet and the combinations are amazing. The Bruce Tea is my favorite and I always get some variation of it. I like the rotation of flavors that they do to keep up with the seasons and feature new offerings, pumpkin spice? Yes, please. I highly recommend. The atmosphere is very happy and the room is super clean and modern, and everyone goes nuts seeing their instagram and tweets on the board hanging on the wall.
5	This was the very first time I've ever heard and had snow cream! How have I been so deprived?! I LOVE THIS PLACE! I don't live in Vegas, so I came here at least twice during my weekend stay--that's how much I enjoyed it! My friends and I each ordered something different and the consistency and all the flavors were on point. What I love most about snow cream is that it's not too sweet. I also love the toppings they offered. The entire shop is very clean and spacious. I will definitely be stopping here now every time I'm in the area!
4	I enjoyed this place, because it was very light -- not ice cream, not shaved ice, but an interesting midpoint. You get to choose a flavor, toppings and a sauce. I got the mango topped with lychee, mango and coconut jelly with mango sauce. Being a mango fanatic (obviously!), I loved it. The other three people I went with enjoyed it as well. The downfall was that it took very long to receive our order and they were honestly a little stingy with the toppings. But overall, it was a nice twist to the typical yogurtland-esque type places we've been to!
5	My first time trying this place, I made my own combination of snow cream.  I like how light the snow cream is.  It's not heavy like the yogurt places everywhere.  Very yummy and I'll definitely be going there again.
5	KUMA SNOW CREAM !!Such cute branding. Kuma means bear in Japanese. The guys here at Kuma Snow Cream have created something truly special. Their iconic bear logo can be recognized anywhere in town. The shop is clean bright white and blue with cute toki doki like colors all over the menu^*^ Super kawaii !!Their snow cream is pretty delicious also. My favorite here would have to be the strawberry. It's very fluffy and light. They also offer tons of toppings that I haven't found anywhere else such as mango mochis ^*^ Grapefruit is very good also. Kuma is one of those businesses that always tries to improve themselves. They are always at events promoting the shop and asking customers what they would like to see or try next. They strive to create a fun atmosphere for their customers to want to return. Music is good... staff is friendly...I also really like that social media is encouraged. They recently added in a twitter live feed flat screen that displays all their twitter interactions. Smart.
3	What does snow do when it touches your tongue? Expect snow cream to do the same thing. Well, maybe the only difference is its mild hint of flavor that trickles down your taste buds barely leaving a trace in a matter of seconds. Like a soft tuft of cotton candy, it's gone in an instant.Honestly, I was not particularly blown away by this place. People on yelp are right. What you get is not worth the price you pay so think hard before you decide to go in cause cool dessert places are just a cross road away. Anyway, mommy and I got a small taro snow cream with custard, cheesecake pieces and coconut sprinkles with coconut condensed milk sauce. We're so used to getting tons of different toppings at yogurtland for $3 so perhaps the store could think twice before charging $5 for a small cup with only 3 toppings. If anything, the custard was the most disappointing of all. It had a gelatinous consistency and nothing in that cup tasted like it should naturally do. The only reason why I'm giving this a 3 star is because of the place's solid concept and neat design. It had a Japanese streak to it and boy was it spotless. I have not seen a lot of places pull of squeaky clean white chairs, walls and tables so well. Even so, hindsight is always 20/20, I shouldn't have been lured in by the cute white bear and I don't think I will ever again.
4	You have to try snow.I had their pumpkin spice exactly how they suggested in the picture and it was so good. It's so light and the toppings they picked to go with it were perfect.The staff is super knowledgable.The place is clean.It's super modern with the social media.I think it's expensive considering how light the snow part is but I will still pay for it haha
4	Been on a snow ice/cream kick recently. I'm a fan of snowflake shavery so I decided to try out their counterpart Kuma Snow Cream tonight.Location - it's tucked behind Starbucks on Spring Mtn and Valley View. You can't easily see it from the streets.Store - clean, bright, modern. Snow cream - I made my own of chocolate snowcream with 3 toppings (strawberries, mochi, cherry popping pearl), and condensed milk. Very yummy. I also got the mini size (yaye for adding a third size to their menu!). My boyfriend got a pre-made combo ("panda berry") in a Ninja size. Also good, but I liked mine better. Overall I'm not a snow ice/cream connoisseur so I can't be as harsh and the other reviews regarding its texture but I thought it was fine. I might be leaning towards snowflake shavery more on the texture, but I will come back to this place and try other flavors. I definitely recommend giving this place a try :)
5	I love this place. The frozen ice and yogurt mix is to die for.   So much better than FRO yo or shaved ice.  Best of both words
4	My first snow cream experience!Ordered kuma snow with condensed milk, lychee, mochi, and cap'n crunch. The snow was powdery and refreshing. Minus one star for mochi being hard.Service: there was a good line of people, but the employees maintained good upbeat attitudes and got orders out efficiently.
4	Food - 4/5Price - 4/5Service - 5/5One of the new places in Vegas that jumped onto the snow ice hype. This place offer a "yogurtland" feel to the tradition snow ice places. However it may not compare to snow ice places in California or Asia, it offers a uniwue twist and selection for the Vegas crowedFoodThere are various premade selections and custom choice you can make to your snow ice. I decided to try the Kuma snow which has lychee, Mochi, coconut shaving with condensed milk on vanilla snow ice.  The cashier said it was one of the popular choices on the menu. I've always been a big fan of shaved / snow ice and I have to say even though this isn't the best I have, that would probably be in either Hong Kong or Taiwan, but for the price and the choices, I still highly recommend this place if you are looking for something sweet. PricesNinja (20oz) - $5.50Sumo (32oz) - $7.00Servicethe cashier was very helpful and nice. She could tell that it was my first time there and offer tto explain the menu to me without me having to ask. It was a very pleasant experience. OverallThe food was good and met my expectation of snow ice. The price wasn't bad, about average after other Chinese places are charging about $6-7 for snow ice w/ 1 topping. The service was nice and the overall experience was pleasant.
3	Very good stepped out of my shell to try it I had the Kuma Snow it was good but it didn't last long usually a cup of frozen yogurt lasts longer. I want to come back and try other flavors and a larger cup.
4	Light and refreshing.  Great alternative to heavier ice cream.  The taro flavor was true taro, not watered down at all. Overall an enjoyable experience.
5	I came at like 11:40 with my friend because I didn't know It opened at 12:00. Oops. Anyways, the guys were really nice and helpful! I think its a little pricey but worth it. :)
3	I stopped by here on a co-worker's recommendation because he usually knows his food.  Kuma Snow is in the back of a strange little shopping complex (that needs a bit more light at night) right on the edge of Chinatown.I walked in and it was ridiculously bright, well-cleaned, and populated with high school kinds.  Immediately I saw the pumpkin spice special and ordered a mini-sized.  The lady behind the register was friendly.I think my snow cream was around $5?  While I waited I checked out the Kuma Snow-branded water and t-shirts around the small shop.Got my pumpkin spice snow cream quickly and it looked pretty good!  After several bites I noticed the texture became a little strange - some bites would be really sweet and creamy while others tasted like watery, flavorless shaved ice.I do wish that we could add our own toppings - there was a LOT more whipped cream than I would have preferred, and would have exchanged it for more drizzle/nuts.Not too bad but I think I'll stick with Yogurtland.  Sorry, Kuma.  Your mascot is still adorable!
3	I was really excited to try this place, but I found it rather mediocre. Their snow was not as flavorful, and I could definitely tell they used syrups in the blocks. I ended up not eating the mochi toppings because it tasted like rubber. But I do have to give them credit for their interior design! The logo is cute. :)If your looking for a place that serves quality snow, I'd suggest Snowflake Shavery right down the street.
4	I was surprised to find out that a snow cream spot opened up in Vegas... I expect it to do real well in the summertime 110 degree unbearable heat. It wasn't bad... comparable to Blockheads on Sawtelle in LA.For those who are unfamiliar, snow cream is..... like if ice cream and shaved ice and yogurt had a threesome and created a baby. Weird, but that's the best way to explain it. +Banana gluten free. Sounds weird, but was surprisingly delicious. They offer free samples so give it a try. Not too sweet and had the perfect amount of flavor. +Green tea matcha - MY FAVORITE. with strawberries, mochi, and cheesecake... perfection.
5	I went here for the first time this week right when it opened 12pm. I've always wanted to check it out and I finally did. There is plenty of space to park but the parking spots right in front of Kuma are only 30 minutes...so don't leave your car there and walk off somewhere else. Once I walked in with my friend we were greeted by a young employee, she was very nice. She asked me if this was our first time...I said it was mine...she explained what type of ice cream they serve..and handed us a menu. I chose Bruce Tea which is the matcha green tea snow cream with mochi, red bean and condensed milk. I got it without red bean replaced by extra mochi. It is not self serve, they prepare the snow cream themselves and you pick your order up at the counter. I tried it and I BECAME ABSOLUTELY IN LOVE. Right away I was like I need to come back. I got the ninja size which was deifnitely perfect for me. I finished it in one sitting. The place is really clean, the restrooms ate tidy and clean as well. The sitting area is very spacious there's round tables with four seats. It's a cute comfortable place to hangout with friends and family. They have a flat screen tv that's not too big, but when I was there they were playing basketball. I finished my ninja size as I said earlier, but I definitely got a sugar rush and a headache from all the sweetnessss...it was so delicious but I think it would have definitely helped if I had a water. So bring a water bottle if you can! I wouldnt recommend buying a water bottle from them cause I imagine it to be extremely overpriced. I think they would make much more money than they already make if they made polar bear stuffed animals! I would definitely buy one! :) Anyway I definitely can see myself coming back very soon. The snow cream is so lightweight and not too heavy like other ice cream shops  It's such a perfect light dessert!
5	My favorite place in Vegas for snow cream next being snowflake is great also but this tops the list due to the topping being included rather then being charged separately. you can pick two toppings and one sauce then anything after that you have to pay extra.
5	I was craving snow cream/shaved ice for a while so my boyfriend decided to take me here. The ordering system is the same as all the other shaved ice places (pick your flavor of snow, choose 3 toppings, and choose a sauce) so it was easy to figure out what I wanted even though it was my first time. I decided on getting the strawberry snow cream with mango, cherry popping pearls, mochi, and condensed milk.I. Was. In. Heaven.The texture of the snow itself as you grab it with your spoon was a little annoying at times, as it literally looked like powder, but the taste was mouthgasmic. It was creamy and sweet, their mochi was made from gods, and everything just came together perfectly. I highly recommend trying it!
4	When i first came here i thought this was some regular snow cone place. but then when i ordered mango with mango it was so delicous! Mango with mango is my fave combination. I think this place deserves 5 stars in general but to me i think it would be 4 stars. They should atleast make the topping portions alot more bigger. :)
4	This was my first experience with this and at first I was hooked. Then I tried other places and realized this one isn't that great. Service is always very polite and fast but i think all the flavors taste pretty artificial. Plus the owner is never smiling and when he's there it seems to be a drag.
5	This is my 2014 self indulgence spot of the year! Been here 8 times and almost to 9 on my punch card. The place to reward the kids too! 6 stars all the way we tried the snowflake place twice and Kumar snow is our favorite.
1	If you like gooey nasty mess for dessert then please go ahead and munch away. I will not ever return to this place simply because the texture and taste was horrible.
5	Delicious Snow shaved cream stuff!!! I originally wanted to try the Taro stuff, but my wife said she wanted it and for me to try something different... so I had a berry chocolate something, and it was awesome. Very delicious.
4	Love love love their taro shaved ice but I've taken two of my friends and both of them comment that it's not the greatest they've had... I still love it though :)) pretty cool little spot
5	Dude. If you don't like this stuff then there is something wrong with you. Went with two grown-ups and a two year old. Everyone had different things (not the two year old, he had ALL things) and it was all freaking fantastic and I don't even really like "frozen treats"?!We all had popping pearls in our bowls, although I don't know what they are or what's in them. I'm guessing crack? The two year old acted like a crackhead trying to muscle his way into everyone's bowls just to get his tiny crackhead hands on our spoons, so I'm going with crack. Also, condensed milk. Do that. Repeat.
5	I love this spot.  This is where I first tried snow cream.  My favorite: Taro / Mochi / strawberry / captain crunch / condensed milk
4	I am thankful to live in walking distance of this wonderful place! Kuma satisfies my sweet craving, but doesn't make me feel too full. I've only been here twice, but I really like this place. The staff is also friendly and I love how clean the dining area is. Definitely recommend.
4	awesome place to get a refreshing light treat!! had the milk tea, condense milk, red beans, custard, and the yogurt popping pearls!! great mix of flavors and textures. a great alternative to ice cream, try something new and come here instead!!
5	Wow, this is some stuff that I've never experienced before!I've had tons of ice cream and froyo all over the place, but trying this snow cream for the first time kinda threw me off but in a good way.  I ended up ordering: Kuma Snow+Condensed Milk+Cheescake+Capn Crunch+StrawberriesEvery ingredient was fresh and it was not overly sweet, which I prefer because too much sweetness doesn't work on my palette.  But the texture of the snow cream is what got me confused and excited at the same time.  It's very different than ice cream and froyo and for the price, it was really reasonable.  Also, the spot itself and the restrooms nonetheless were very clean and the host/cashier was helpful.  I'll be back for sure, considering it's about to be the temperature of the sun in the next few months.
4	I've always been a fan of frozen yogurt and ice cream, so I figured I knew what I was getting into when I visited Kuma. I was totally (happily) mistaken! Snow cream isn't ice cream... nor is it frozen yogurt. It's more like a cross between Hawaiian shave ice and frozen yogurt. Whatever it is, it's super delicious! I typically make my own combo rather than choosing from the pre-made list on the wall. Strawberry snow cream, pineapple, strawberries and chocolate sauce make for a delicious and refreshing treat! The layout of the store could be a little better-- there isn't too much room for seating and it gets pretty crowded... but that's my ONLY complaint!
4	I tried kuma for the first time and it was great it was like creamy flavored shaved ice. if you like shaved ice you'll love it if you like frozen yogurt you'll love it. when you first get there you're like ok how does this work, it's not like frozen yogurt places where you put everything yourself. you choose what flavor snow cream you want, what toppings, what sauce and they do it for you. and they also have combos already created you can choose from if you don't want to make your own.only reason it's not 5 stars I didn't like that you can't mix snow cream flavors besides two flavors on the large size. when it comes to frozen yogurt or shaved ice I like to have more than one flavor in my cup. not too big a deal though everything else was great. the workers were very friendly and helpful, if your not sure what you want ask for a sample. overall it was a great experience I don't think ill have a problem filing up my stamp card :)
3	I'd been to somewhere similar in Honolulu, so I had an idea of what to expect, but that didn't detract from the cool, novelty experience. Snow Cream is unique - like a frozen block of melted ice cream shaved down into a fine-textured combo of froyo and shave ice. The girls at Kuma were really nice, gave us samples and answered our questions. I'd go back :-)
4	I friggen love kuma snow. At first when they just started opening, their snow ice was too sweet and creamy for me. But they've improved and I would say they're the best bet in consistency and flavor! I've gone thru sooo many punch cards and that's because my friends and I go here all the time. I love love the banana flavor. My absolute fave. I like it with Oreos, strawberries, condensed milk (light), and whipped cream. What a treat! My usual everytime I come to kuma. I also really like their Nutella flavor. It's rich and yummy. Their toppings always is fresh bad made to order. Brilliant work of art! Always my go-to dessert spot. Fun atmosphere and friendly workers!
4	I had a customized mini snow ice. Greeted as I walked in. Cashier was helpful and offered to explain how the menu works. Nice clean and a chill spot. Also opens until 12. O the snow ice was yum cant go wrong with green tea!
5	I first went to Kuma Snow Cream with my two daughters. They ordered a mini kuma snow with lychee, rainbow mochi, and passion fruit popping pearls with mango sauce. I ordered a mini taro with 3 flavors of popping pearls: passion fruit, yogurt, and cherry, & added whipped cream on top. The snow cream itself was light and fluffy,  and had consistency of snow, except far more delicious of course. I recommend getting the popping pearls as a topping. They are like little balls the size of pearls that burst when you bite into them and fill your mouth with flavor. All in all, this mashup of ice cream and shaved ice is super delicious and something the whole family can enjoy.  :)
3	This Jet Tila spot may not get great reviews, but I thought it was ok. I shared a mini ($4.50) with my kid. It was a 12 oz. cup of  chocolate snow cream with sprinkles and Reece's Pieces. The consistency was fairly smooth with a slight crystalline texture and semi sweet flavor that melted rather quickly. The size was good enough for the two of us to share.
3	Kuma is great if you looking for an after dinner dessert or a place to cool you down during Vegas summer heat. At night, you will find this place busy with people which makes it a great meet up spot for friends. I enjoy the Bruce tea which is green tea snow, condensed milk, mochi, usually comes with popping balls but i rather due without the gush in my mouth.
3	My friend took us here. It was my first time. The "snow cream" in a cup was good. Was expecting more. But I guess I prefer fro-yo better (frozen yogurt w/ fruit or toppings).
5	After reading a very positive review in the Las Vegas Seven, I still came into this place not really knowing what to expect. I walked in and was very nicely greeted by the woman working there. She explained to me what snow cream was and how their menu worked. She was very patient with me since it was my first time and let me take my time in choosing what I wanted. They have three very generously sized portions. The snow cream comes in a few base flavors as well as a variety of seasonal flavors. They give you the option to create your own snow cream with 3 toppings or pick from one of their pre made creations for the same exact price, which I thought was pretty nice. Let me just say the texture of this stuff is EXACTLY like snow. I was a little freaked out at first, but after I ate some more I could not stop. Kuma Snow Cream is absolutely delicious and a nice cure for this summer heat.
3	Great branding with the polar bear mascot, effusively polite service from the cashier, and tasty treats to beat the heat! Not sure which came first, this place or SnowFlake, but they essentially offer the same basic product with different menus of special combination dishes.Opted for the Bruce GreenTea here, with mochi, red bean, and popping boba, and felt it was decent. The toppings here were more the highlight than the shaved ice, and Snowflake is the other way around where the toppings particularly complement the snow.Didn't find it crunchy but it was a little overly sweet for a flavor (green tea) that traditionally isn't- with red bean and mochi, I thought I'd get a dessert more on the balanced-Asian-dessert spectrum than I actually received.
5	I have tried snow cream at so places and this place is the best. On a hot summer day you want something to cool you down, but you don't want something that is heavy and too sweet like ice cream or cupcakes, well this place is your answer. The snow cream is not to cold, and the texture is light and fluffy. My favorite is the mango snow cream with mango mochi, super delicious! Their price could however be a little pricy if you choose the mini size, but it's well worth it if you share a sumo size with someone else. Lastly, the Kuma character is super adorable and if you ask the cashier, you may get a cute Kuma sticker:)
3	The concept is kind of interesting. It's pretty much shaved ice with fruit and a bunch of sweet items. They already have some preset menu options. However, you can pick your own toppings and flavors if desired. The decor is pretty modern and cool, definitely a good atmosphere to hang out with friends. However, the ice is nothing extraordinary, definitely not better than the yogurt joints.
4	Went back and had it a second chance and ended up loving it. The Nutella flavor was amazing! Glad I was able to reclaim my faith in kuma shave ice.
4	This place is wonderful!The silky/creamy texture of the shaved ice is delish! The shaved ice here is the new version where the ice is already flavored rather than the typical plain shaved ice with condense milk and toppings put over it. When you come here you'll see that they have blocks of flavored ice and when you order it is taken to the machine to be shaved for the order. You can ask for samples too. It's kind of a hassle for the employees to do the samples, but they're always willing to and nice about it. I've tried the green tea and hazelnut ice. The store hours is the best part as well! Open from 12pm-12am. This place is a bit hidden, it's located in the same parking lot as the Starbucks on Spring Mountain. The staff is great, but the only thing is the lack of cleanliness. Sometimes I'll come in and the tables are dirty because no one has gone to wipe them down yet.
4	I love Kuma. I definitely come here once every two weeks (if not more). It's a perfect cool treat during these hot Vegas days and nights. I definitely find it as a great alternative to ice cream and frozen yogurt. It doesn't make me feel guilty after eating it.I normally get a mini nutella flavored with oreos, strawberries (& I alternate the last topping). I love the atmosphere. It's bright and not too loud and the employees are generally friendly and quick. It can get pretty busy in here, so the wait can be long, if people don't know what they are ordering. But for the most part, it's always pretty fast.
3	Service is great. There snow is solid. I ordered one of their recommended combinations and I just wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.
2	Clean bathrooms. Snow cream wasnt for any of the three people in the group.We threw away our almost full containers. I wouldnt return... It tasted like very thin ice cream. Workers were nice and friendly. I think we had different expectations,But none of us liked it. It is a bit pricey.
4	This was a recommendation from my nephew in our way home and I'm glad I took it! Very new I've never seen this before and this is a great concept! All the flavors they offer are fantastic! My first one I tried was the shinobe and I loved everything about it!  This takes shaved ice to another level! Definitely a most go! #kumasnowcream
3	I've heard a lot of positive talk of this place throughout this entire summer from friends and other peers. They would often recommend it as the best shave ice place in the Las Vegas. Finally, I was able to try it out yesterday to see what the hype was about.The menus provide combos that you can choose for your snow cream, but you can make your own combination as well. You can choose the I got the mini strawberry snow cream with strawberries, cheesecake bites, M&Ms, and condensed milk. That aspect like choosing the toppings at your favorite frozen yogurt place.If you're coming here expecting to have shave ice, like I was, I would like to say first off that snow cream consistency is not shave ice at all. It is actually somewhere in the middle between shave ice and ice cream. Though I enjoyed the creamy texture, I felt like the actual flavor of the snow cream was weak - I tasted more toppings than the snow cream in the first few bites. Once the toppings were all gone, the snow cream was a bit bland - the flavor felt more like a subtle hint.Overall, though I do applaud the place as becoming a hangout of sorts, I wouldn't see myself coming back here again. Honestly, Kuma Snow Cream is overhyped.
4	I highly recommend this place. Great for those super intense hot summer vegas days. I suggest asking to trying the different flavors if you're not sure. the recommended creation are delicious if you're not ready to make up your own. The staff is very friendly. Clean facilities just can be a bit crowded at times. I dont suggest getting it to go once it melts its not as good.
5	In that Vegas hot weather this place is needed! Kuma Snow Cream is located in the Asian district of Vegas. The Asian foodie street of Spring Mountain rd. I came to this spot after visited the Mayweather Boxing Club across the street. Upon entering I noticed the really clean place. All white inside with the funny lookling character all over the spot. The menu was fun and easy to order from. I ordered the horchata snow cream. Which is a shave ice. I topped it with condensed milk, cap n crunch, colored mochi, and sprinkles. You can't go wrong with this. It tasted just like how I thought it would be. Creamy icey goodness. The service was very friendly. I definitely recommend this for those looking to get away from the sun.Recommendation: Horchata snow cream
2	Since Chef Jet Tila opened this shaved snow place I expected amazing coming from him.  We came in excited but left disappointed.  The green tea snow had no flavor!  It was lacking and not satisfying.  I don't think we will ever come back.  Service was really good though, but that's about it.
4	These place definitely has a big hype about it here in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, I love coming here and I would definitely call myself a fan. I love the consistency of the snow cream more than fro-yo. What I love even more than the consistency of the snow cream is the flavors they offer! Totally an Asian spot with the different sort of specialized Asian flavors they offer. Another thing that I really like about this dessert spot is that the toppings that come with your choice snow cream is topping overload! and if it doesn't fit in the cup, they put them in little cups on the side for you. Also I like that they do no weigh your cup, so you're not paying for the dessert by the weight... you're really only paying for the order itself, no matter what's in it.Serving sizes are huge!!! Definitely something you can share with someone. And they also have loyalty stamp cards that after some many visits, you get a large cup free... and they even split the cup into TWO SMALLS cups if you ask!! I also I really really like that they customize and really cater to what the customer wants. Location is open late for that late night dessert with friends, but parking sucks in the location that its in and you can barely see the spot if you're driving on spring amount. And there's no a lot of seating inside, so beware if you come in a big group, might be hard to get seats to enjoy your dessert.Also, be very very very careful about the seats, because totally embarrassing, but I was just sitting and the chair leg gave way and I totally fell backwards and went down head falling back first and feet totally in the air! I was so embarrassed and what upset me that even tho employees saw what happened, no one came to help me or see if I was okay. But my one embarrassing moment is not enough to make me dock stars, but what I wish someone woulda did something about their chair breaking, and I swear it wasn't my fault lolI'm still a fan of Kuma, and I have to say the fresh lychees they add is my favorite thing here with some captain crunch and mini mochis! nom nom nom
5	I've visited Kuma Snow Cream a few times now and have enjoyed it every time! I like the Horchata with Condensed Milk and Mochi! Delicious!!
3	For what this place was, it was fine. I just can't say I'd EVER choose snow over ice cream. Why would I want flavored ice, when I can get rich, creamy ICE CREAM. It's like choosing between ground beef and steak. No duh, I'd want my steak. Personal bias obviously speaking.
3	Oh Kuma, I know the name means bear in Japanese and it reminds me of the Utada Hikaru song "Boku Wa Kuma." This place is like the Baskin-Robbins of snow cream places.  It's a small place and their toppings are more colorful, very candy-ish.  I go for more traditional, which you can totally do here.  I got the green tea with mochi, almonds, and condensed milk. The snow is a little dense and not as fluffy as I like.  I prefer the neat ribbons you usually get from snow cream.  I also feel like this place tried for trendy and just missed its target.
4	Kuma has great "snow ice" that's light, fluffy, and very good. There are a lot of great toppings and sauces that you can add on top of your creation as well. If you're unfamiliar with snow ice or you can't decide on the toppings, they have pre-selected bowls you can choose from.I like how they include toppings/sauces with the price of the size bowl you get. Bowls range from $5-$9 not including the extra toppings that they do not include if you like to go crazy with them. They have lots of snow ice flavors ranging from Lychee, Nutella, Milk Tea, etc. They make the bowl fairly fast and the employees are very friendly. The only thing that isn't too great is the amount of seating when this place gets very busy. My favorite is the Lychee snow with strawberry and mochi toppings and strawberry sauce.Although it's hard to find in the shopping area it's located in, it's worth a stop to check it out. If you like sweet desserts or a fan of shave ice, you'll find yourself here more often than ever.
5	This place is so cute! I've been here twice already and enjoyed my dessert every time. Friendly service and delicious shaved snow. I tried Nutella and milk tea flavored. Milk tea is awesome!!! I also like how you can see the toppings before you order so that you can decide more easily what you want.
3	Snow cream is a bit chalky.  All 5 people in our group did not enjoy it.
4	How do I describe this? The gal working the Kuma Snow Cream booth said it was a lighter texture than ice cream but a creamier texture than shaved ice.This booth caught the BF's eye at the Life is Beautiful festival and I reluctantly followed him thinking that there wouldn't be anything for me. But such a good BF he is, he asks if they have vegan options and lo and behold, Vegan Watermelon with strawberry sauce! http://bit.ly/1vxFRxXThe texture is unlike anything that I've ever had and I really don't know how to describe it better than the gal mentioned in my first paragraph. But in my best effort, if ice cream and shaved ice had a fruity velvety baby, it would be this. I'm impressed and I'm a fan!
5	This place is awesome!  Bruce Tea (green tea, mochi, red bean, yogurt pearls and condensed milk) was amazing and tasty!Place is clean and cute (+) extra (+) for that adorable bear! Open till midnight (+)Reasonable prices! (+)Will be back soon to get another fix.  Who cares if it's winter ;-)
5	This place is amazing and I'd never had anything like it before. Shaved ice has nothing on this place, even though I initially thought that was what they sold. The flavor is already infused into the ice before they shave it into a soft, snow-like consistency. It's magical. I would highly recommend it over frozen yogurt, ice cream, and shaved ice.
5	I usually get a mini green tea snow cream with popping pearls, captain crunch, cheesecake bites, and covered in sweet condensed milk.The variety of textures are great and it really hits the spot. The mini is a good size for me and it is an inexpensive treat. This is a nice change from ice cream and we really love it.
5	We had to stop here on our way home from zion national park. First of all we love the variety of flavors. Especially the Thai tea, coconut and green tea. We added red bean, mochi, and lychee. We got the mini size and regretted not getting the sumo size! We will be back. We wish we had a Kuma in Los Angeles.
4	Fun toppings.
2	I've given this place 3 more tries (only because friends wanted it) and it still sucks as much as it did at opening. It's interesting to note how many of the 5 star reviews mention that they've never had anything like it - meaning they have no idea what the consistency is SUPPOSED to be like. FYI this is an example of what it should look like - not the powdery and not at all creamy crap they serve here. http://ww1.hdnux.com/photos/12/30/73/2723532/9/920x920.jpgPositives - late hours, cute bear, lots of toppings. Negatives - their product just isn't very good.
