4	know the owner and Ryan K is not the owner, Rex, however is. Owners are allowed to post reviews on their own restaurant, as long as they state their affiliation to the restaurant. I think that people should get their facts straight before attacking other people, but that is my opinion. To actually talk about the food, I really enjoyed it and sometimes find myself craving it. I wish they had closer to home! What I liked about Tart was that they have a variety of concoctions on the menu that you can order. I tried the pomegranate and really liked it, more than fiore's.  it was light but still slightly tart, but without an over bearing flavor so you can put whatever fruits or toppings you want. I think the one at fiore is better plain. My friends had the calpico, yogurt and soda float thing, and really liked it. i'm not a big calpico fan, but for those who are, my friends thought it was good. You can also buy Calpico seperately at the store which I thought was neat. i sampled the mango, and I thought that it was good, but better plain. I didn't get to try the original flavor, because I would love to compare it to Pinkberry's. If you are ever by, get some tart!
3	I got a small (6 oz. cup) with carob chips, yogurt chips, and coconut shaving. Anything cold with "chips" needs to be savored. You see, the cold freezes the chips, hardening them. Shovel a spoonful of frozen yogurt in your mouth, then suck on the chips til they soften. I love playing with my fud. Anyways, a small is plenty large. I think it was $3 or $4 with three toppings. I'm not into this Asian style of frozen yogurt, where its always tangy. I more like the TCBY way. Like soft serve ice cream. But the place is called Tart, so meh. The decor is totally in the spirit of East meets art deco West, as are most of these emerging yogurt shops. They seem to be pushing POM Wonderful brand juices. The special flavor of the day/ week/ whatever was POM pomegranite, they sold POM juice, and everything seemed to follow the bubbly design that's so characteristic of POM. This place is like a healthier alternatice to say, The Golden Spoon. But the Golden Spoon is my favorite yogurt place yet. p.s. They sell Voss. * off the strip, non- casino
5	Healthy, addicting, mochi, cute decor, friendly staff. Their blueberry flavored is very very good, after trying many places of tart-flavored froyo. There is a wifi signal but doesn't go online.
5	the best frozen yogurt i have ever had!  i always order the original with peaches, strawberries, and blueberries.  it's delicious!
2	i have tried so many yogurt place in town tart was ok better than queens But i just found a better place call Orange Pearl they have so many flavors and it tatse much better than tarts. tart only give alot but it doesnt tatse better than orange pearl, but orange pearl give u the right amount for ur body and it tatse way better than tart. the only good thing about tart is cheap and more but if u want the real stuff Orange pearl is the best
5	Best texture and taste for frozen yogurt in Vegas.  I love  froyo and have eaten at ALL the yogurt places all over vegas and LA.  As for a chain I recommend Yogurtland (Town Square off of LV Blvd. and all over LA).
4	love love love this place.  transplanting from LA to Vegas, i was sad to see that there are no pinkberry's out here...but there is TART.  and it really is just as good!chocolate chips, strawberry, and mango - plain tart yogurt.  that's what i love.  clean, friendly, and very yummy.  only downfall, it's a little pricey...even by pinkberry standards.
4	YUMMY~! I love going to this place~!  Like everyone else, I love the topping selection.  I typically get layered coconut and Lychee. Yum~!  ^_^  Not too many places offer as much fruit toppings as they do.  Their mix isn't as sweet and sugary as other locations... which I like.  The staff is always friendly, the place is always clean... but I wish they could have kept the tv so it would be more chill. Overall, great place!
5	I love Tart. its very Pinkberry-esqe. From the lights, to the yogurt, to the toppings. It's a little pricey, but thats what heaven tastes like.
