4	Growing up in Vegas brings a lot of unique experiences, but one that I can't imagine living without is breakfast at the Omelet House.  There are a few locations throughout the valley, and the quality is the same across the board.  The omelets are freakin' HUGE.  We're talkin' the size of your head HUGE, and they're the best made omelets in town as well.  I watched my (very hungover) roommate once eat an entire one because of the busboy's soft and slightly degrading exclamation of, "Oh, and you almost finished all of it!"  That's the only time I've seen such a feat.  I'm a sucker for the eggs benedict and if you're a fan of slightly fried, slightly mushy, slightly salty, and 100% all delicious things, the potatoes that come with almost every meal are a godsend.The service can run the gamut between "Holy crap, I can't believe there's already delicious food swirling in my mouth.  It's almost like they beamed it there!" to, "Holy CRAP! I think I need to go change my Depends."  (That last one works best if you're a senior citizen or an astronaut.)  To make this unknown factor more fun and less annoying, place bets on the speed of your service before you arrive.  Just don't try to tip your server with the potatoes.  They may look like gaming chips, but let's not take this too far, shall we?
1	the best thing about the place is the oddly placed chicken coop centerstage.  when in need of nourishment following a late night with a bottle of some sort, this is the place for the twilight zone type experience.  however; if its a good quality breakfast you desire....seek elsewhere!  bland, blah and ehh.
4	Amazing omlettes, HUGE portions, friendly (but not necessarily fast)service.  The potato things they serve with all the breakfasts are the best part of everything.  Yes, the chicken coop motif in the middle of the place is a tad freaky, but you don't go there for the decor. I bring all my out-of-town friends here, or the Henderson location for super good food before heading out for a day of sight seeing.  (Oh, and do yourself a favor and order a "baby" omlette - no one can finish a regular sized one on their own!)
4	The tragically shabby and nondescript Vegas strip malls make LA's look like Manhattan commercial blocks, but there's one that houses Omelet House--and dang, they serve some of the best "homemade" corned beef hash I've ever had. The unique chips and delish pumpkin bread sides along with the perfect over easy eggs help make everything stick to your ribs. Coffee was ok--reminded me of that brand you find in bad motels--"Chock full o' nuts"?. Definitely check this place out!
3	Waking up early has never been my sort of thing, but lately the Big F and I have been able to clamber out of bed just in time to grab brunch at these various restaurants blanketing this city.Omelet House was on our agenda last weekend and we were worried when we saw a crowd outside.  Lucky us, no wait though on this Sunday afternoon.Beyond all the breakfast items, they have sandwiches, homemade soups and chili, fried zucchini, chicken fingers, and burgers.Although we were tempted by #33 "Flatlanders Special" for $69, the Big F couldn't say no to the "Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs with Sausage Gravy" for $8.39 with his eggs over easy.  I went for #35 "Egg White Special" for $8.89, an "egg white omelet stuffed with mushrooms, spinach, zucchini, and tomatoes."  For 79 cents off, I had the "Baby Omelet" making it a smaller dish.Other choices than the toast include English muffins, homemade pumpkin nut bread, banana nut bread or tortillas!  The most unique thing about our meals was the potatoes.  They were almost sliced thin enough to be considered homemade potato chips.  In a way it was cool, but I guess it would have been good to know too.Overall, it was a satisfactory brunch choice.  We didn't think it was extraordinary, but it worked.  You'll find a lot of older folks at this place too, which to me means it has some staying power over the years.They are a couple of kid specials too!  And on your birthday, the meal is on them!  Just bring at least one paying friend!(Pics of our brunch are posted!)
3	The pumpkin bread was excellent.  The omelette was really large!  I finished it, but felt a little sick after.  It could have used some more seasoning, and I found myself drowning it in hot sauce.  Also, the potato chip like potatoes were not my favorite.
4	This is the place to go for omelets when in Las Vegas (unless you're getting comped at one of the hotels!). An abundance of food, and the "spuds" are the best chip style potatoes I have ever tasted! The omelets are made from a half dozen eggs. Both the pumpkin bread and the banana bread are excellent as a choice (although I think I prefer the banana bread). And the best part of all, they are not at all overpriced for the amount of food that one gets on their plate! If you can't choose among the 38 different omelets they offer on the menu, you can bring the whole family and order the "Flatlanders Special" (#33-A). Their menu does have a second side with lunch offerings (not open for dinner), some of which I'll try for in the future. BTW: 2 for 1 coupon in the Entertainment book - Even Better!
4	It has been said that you're not an American until you leave America. I sort of feel like you're not really a Californian until you leave California. I'm not the healthiest eater in the world. I like greasy and meaty foods but I love fruits and vegetables. It seems that every time I leave my fair state, I am suddenly in a world where salads are made with iceberg lettuce and where steamed vegetables mean defrosted frozen peas with some ice still chilling on the top of the pile. I'm not looking for a vegan dish here. I just want a little green on my plate. The legal kind. The locals always know best. On our last trip to Vegas, my roommate recommended this place. She is a former Vegas resident. First of all, there was no line when we walked in. We were seated right away. Our waiter was extremely attentive. My lady's coffee was perfect. I kept getting the bottom of the pot. I, obviously, wanted an omelet but which one? There were so many to choose from. At first, the health nut attracted me. Then I saw the Jolly Green Giant which came with spinach and broccoli. That is mine. i ordered it with a slice of ham. The omelet was perfect. The potatoes were so good, my girlfriend kept eating them and she HATES potatoes. The ham still had a bone in it. That is always the BEST ham. My lady got herself an incredible looking eggs benedict. It looked like the eggs were taking over the bread like Iraq invaded Kuwait. We both had to take food home. You can be sure that the next time that I am in Vegas, I will be coming here.
3	The boyfriend, friends, and I went here this past weekend. We were looking for a good breakfast, with good service... and barely achieved either.I'll just describe my omelet, as there were 6 of us, so that would take quite a bit of time.I ordered an omelet with lobster and cheese, avocado on the side. The "lobster" was pretty tasty.. (quotations because i'm not sure how real it was.. i'm guessing it was the cheap precooked kind) ..the omelet was terribly dry and overcooked, but the massive amount of cheese in the middle helped. I also got 1 orange juice.. why just 1? Because our waiter never came back. And it took 3 times of asking "can we get a box to go?" for him to FINALLY give us one.I suppose the plus to this place is the wide variety of choices. They really do have anything you could possibly imagine, mixed into their omelets. (They also serve pancakes and waffles)..When we went to go pay, the girl at the register was more than pissed off when we split the bill 3 ways. It took me no more than 22 seconds to circle, dot, and check what belonged to whom. And the whole time, she was sighing, and rolling her eyes. Yikes.I will admit, only 1 person from our group of 5 left our waiter a tip. Sorry. Not so much though.. he was an awfully inattentive server.The pumpkin bread was good, but microwaved...trying to mimic "fresh baked" hotness. Well, if you've ever microwaved anything before and then let it cool, you know it gets rubbery and hard as a rock, right? Bingo.If you want cheap-close-to-dennys-but-not-dennys style food, enjoy yourself here. just don't assume to be treated like a customer, more like a bother.
4	Great hangover food...more later.OK. It's later..a Friday...and I have given up alcohol for Lent so I have time to add more. Omelet House has 2-3 locations in Vegas but we went to this location, located near UNLV. We walk in and it looks like a Denny's. There are some booths, some tables and some bar seating. No drinks are served though...just coffee and food.So we sit down and get our drinks, it feels like diner. Strong coffee that tastes like sh*t but it does the job, water is filled with a smile. But what do I want to order. There are literally over 100 things to order here. After about 10 minutes we all decided on what to order.Chicken Fingers - 3 huge fingers, lightly breaded served with fries..a ton of them. Not anything special.Turkey Club - Typical turkey club served with fries. Lobster Omelet - Pretty damn good. It probably used about 3-4 eggs but there was at least 1/2 a pound of lobster and avocado along with cheese. The taste was awesome. Keep in mind that all omelet's come with hash browns and all omelets are HUGE.Chicken Fried Steak - Mine. I love chicken fried steak, or as some call it Country Fried Steak. My obsession with this meal began in the Marine Corps and it continues till this day. So what is it? Let me tell......A chicken breast pounded flat, drenched in batter then fried. Served with 2 egss your style and hash browns, this was heaven to me.  Honestly one of the better ones I have had in my life.Bottom line: I would come back again and again. This hits the spot for your Sunday afternoon hangover from Vegas.
