3	Just a quick review of a new Gelato shop in M's neighborhood that just opened.The shop is bright, vibrant and spotless. The girl working the counter wa very helpful and patient as she expianed all the different flavors (which were in italian in the case). We tried a few different ones such as spicy chocolate, crema callenta(?) and snickers. We decided to have a medium half Rum Raisin and half Dulce de Leche. the portion was decent and not expensive for as fresh as the Gelato was (you can see right into the "kitchen" and the containers of ingredients).Good overall, but as M put it "The flavor is not 'Pow' In Your Face!
4	The other evening i had an appointment with a client and decided gelato was my craving shortly after...I was told to check out this new joint called the GELATO MAKER.  For me to venture out of my 3 mile radius is a big step...I tend to go over and over again to the same old places.Pleasantly surpised I was.  This is a clean mom and pop Gelato joint tucked away in an Aj's anchored shopping center off Via Linda and Mtn View area of Scottsdale. I also learned there is some family history in the Gelato busines...so this whole Gelato thing isnt new to these owners...The young lady behind the counter had me trying tub after tub of Gelato ;-)  I could have left satisfied with my tiny taste craving but I;m glad I stuck it out for the Oreo Cookies and Cream/Cappacino flavored gelato cup.  I think she hooked me up good considering the height of these scoops....I cant remember if I mentioned Gabi is my fiance before or after she started on my scoops  (he he he he).The place does not have any Yelp.com stickers in their window or any where in the store....I think Yelpers and non Yelpers will like this joint and soon enough that red and white sticker will be there for all to see.
5	I love this place and can't say enough good things about the gelato flavor or the service here. I can't count how many times i have been or how many flavors i have tried but i have never been disappointed.I have many conversations with owner when there (a very nice guy who takes care to remember his regulars) about flavors and family and such. One thing i love is they always have new flavors to go with the season like pumpkin in october and apple pie at thanksgiving (made by throwing 2 whole pies into the mix).The best flavor is the blueberry in my opinion as it has so much rich flavor and texture and when combined with my next favorite strawberry it is a great berry blend.They also work well with groups as my motorcycle club held our 3rd anniversary even there and they were very accommodating.
5	The Gelato Maker has fantastic Gelato! This is the best gelato I've had since being in Europe last year.The owner was super nice and allowed my wife and I to sample many flavors before deciding what to get. You have around 20 options to choose from, many fruits and then vanilla, chocolate, reeses cup among others. My wife and I ended up getting a medium size each with two flavors. She went with pineapple and strawberry and I went with mango and stracciatella. All the flavors were great. The cost was $10.50 total.I don't think you can go wrong with any of the flavors, but I have a preference for the fruit. Can't wait to head back and go with some other fruit flavors (bloody orange, raspberry, lemon)   The shop is very clean and you can actually see the gelato being made in the back with real fruit.A definite winner! Once you go here, all other gelato places will be inferior! I wish there was a location closer to Tempe.Make sure to get a punch card for free gelato after several purchases!
5	maybe it's because the gelato shop by me closed and i had been craving gelato for a good month when i stumbled across this place.  maybe it's because i was just thinking of the delight in my son's eyes when i would surprise him by bringing his favorite tasty treat.  whatever the reason, i LOVED this place.  there are a few cozy places to sit and the service was fantastic!  i was offered samples of anything i would like to try, but i already had my favorite picked (mango) and it was delicious.  i've never had gelato i didn't like, but what made this place stand out was definitely the genuine and friendly service.
3	Meh, this gelato was only okay. The texture was off, it was like I needed a big glass of water just to get through the cup. Perhaps too creamy, but not in a good way. The sorbet wasn't even sorbet, it too was very creamy whereas it should have been light and refreshing. Try The Gelato Spot instead.
5	My sister, Jessica J (see her review) has been raving about this Gelato place for a while now. She, her boyfriend, and I finally made it in. The owner Ron was there and let me sample as many flavors as I wanted. I really liked all of them! I like the texture and flavor. I usually don't eat Gelato, but I have to say - this was much better than the other Gelato spots in town. My favorite sweet is anything caramel flavored. The were a little low on the salty caramel Gelato and Ron offered to whip up a fresh batch while we waited. I opted for 1/2 caramel and 1/2 almond rather than waiting. It was delicious and a nice sized serving for the $$. One thing I like too, is that I could get two different flavors in a small cup. At other Gelato places they limit you to one flavor if you order a small. I liked having the option. Ron basically apprenticed in the Gelato field with one of the most successful Gelato businesses in Europe. He was fortunate to learn from the best and it shows! Give this awesome Gelato a try!
5	I recently went to The Gelato Maker.  I had never had gelato in my life, but my friend made me go after dinner in the same plaza.  I didn't know what all the rave about gelato was, so I thought I would give it a try.  We had the birthday cake gelato, and man was it tasty.  The owner was so sweet and let me try various flavors, just to see for next time.  I will definitely be back for some more yummy gelato.
5	WOW, is all I can say!  The oreo and birthday cake flavors are out of this world.  Now all I keep thinking about is, how I can get this when I go back to NYC!!???This gelato will give Italy a run for their money.  It is a must stop when you are in the area.
5	YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!  Birthday cake is my favorite flavor!
4	This gelato tastes so good I thought there was an Umpa-Lumpa in the back making it.  As they say in Lumpa Land... Yum yummy
5	Mmmm I life my weekly trip for my gelato here!! I have quite the sweet tooth and this definitely hits the spot! There are so many fruit and chocolate and candy flavors! Apple pie, pumpkin seasonally. The new dark chocolate is awesome!! Always have a fall back of the blueberry-amazing flavor and texture. I have been here dozens of times and still have plenty of flavors to attack! Check out they have delicious Italian coffees, vomma drinks and otis spunkmeyer cookies!!
5	I have been going to The Gelato Maker for over a couple years now.  I don't get by often because its Northeast Scottsdale location is a bit out of the way for me, but when I do go it is always worth the drive.The owner and employees are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their product, and allow as many tastes of the many flavors as the customer wants while deciding which one to purchase.  The gelato is always consistently good, and even though I'm a bit disappointed that the Dulce de Leche flavor is not currently available, there are more than enough options to satisfy my craving for great gelato.My most recent favorite flavors: Sea Salt Caramel (not quite Dulce de Leche, but still incredibly good), a flavor including Ferrero Rocher chocolate, and a vanilla gelato with sour cherries!
5	Oh my goodness!  I LOVE the Gelato Maker!  It's right by where I work and we head over here every Friday afternoon for a treat.  During my first visit I had no clue what flavor to choose; they have a HUGE selection of gelato.  Everything from Reeses to Ferraro Rocher, mango to black cherry.  They gladly gave me samples of every single flavor--close to 20 samples!  After much contemplation, they told me I could get two flavors in one cup for the same price.  That doubled my options of amazing taste sensations!  By the time my colleagues were nearly finished with their treats I finally decided on half mango (which is made with 65% fresh mango) and half coconut.  The flavors are true to their names; the mango tasted like I was eating a juicy mango, snickers tasted like a snickers bar, and the nougat tasted like the most delicious part of a Tolberone chocolate bar.  I'm blown away.  Visiting the Gelato Maker is the best part of my work week, and I know I can always  sample any flavor that I don't order just to satiate my indecisive palate.
4	We LOVE the Gelato Maker.  They have a great selection, are always very friendly and patient in giving out samples.  Their portion sizes are very generous vs. other gelato places and the texture and flavor are fabulous.  We have gelato places closer to us but drive 20 minutes to go here and it is worth it.  Love this place!
1	Now that I am given freedom to write what I want about this place, I can give a proper opinion.I've made several visits to The Gelato Maker because we were invited (actually forced) to come here as part of a work thing each week. Since this is Scottsdale, dessert shops are a dime a dozen around here. Froyo, Gelato, Ice Cream, Bakeries, the list goes on. Standards are high. Unfortunately, this place just doesn't cut the mustard. No matter how much I pretend to like it, the gelato still seems like mucus, and always gave me a tummy ache.The Gelato Maker has a nice selection of flavors. Creative. Is it worth five bucks or more for a little cup of this stuff? Hell no. I'd rather go to Sweet Republic (less than 2 miles away), and get award winning ice cream. The service at Gelato Maker is ok. Not great. Usually, there is only one person behind the counter, and it's usually an inept teenager. If you want Gelato, the Gelato Spot is a better choice. But if you really want to indulge, you may as well go for the good stuff....go to Sweet Republic. Thank me later.
5	I died and have gone to heaven.  They also have Lavazza coffee which is the BEST but their gelato is delicious.  This is one sweet treat that the Gelato Maker has left his mark on.  I wonder if I can get a job and they can pay me in gelato?  Now THAT'S a sweet gig.
