1	WHoa.......Stay away from these guys. We hired them to get rid of our pigeons back in mid November of 2008. Today is APril 2nd, 2009 and they still have not finished the job nor have they done what they said they would do. We paid them $667 to put up gel and some spikes to rid our 2 story home of all the pigeons and get rid of the pigeon poo that was there as we had just bought the home. They actually did 95% of the job but they missed an overhang where the pigeons sit and poo all day that lands in our driveway. Everyday, we have to hose down our driveway to get rid of this toxic nasty mess. We discovered they missed a spot a couple weeks after the first time they were out in November. I scheduled an appt with the receptionist for the same guy/owner to come out and take a look and finish the job. "I had to be there" they said to show him exactly where I was speaking of although it was very OBVIOUS just by looking at all the poo. So, I scheduled off half a day from work to do so and no call, no show. When I did get ahold of someone they said they overbooked. So, re-scheduled took another 1/2 day off from work. Same exact thing. No show, no call and when I called the owner directly he became rude to me stating his receptionist was overbooking. Shouldn't that be up to him to resolve that problem? Needless to say, this has gone on for 4 1/2 months and he has said he will be out several times. He finally showed up mid March  with an hour notice on Saturday and said he would be back that week, it was a small problem and asked if this was what all the fuss was. ALL the fuss? The only fuss is getting him to finish the job. We never said it was a large job. However, again no one came or called since.  All of our messages go unanswered. He sees our number and never picks up. I called from a co-workers phone in which he answered right away and his excuse was his wife was having surgery and that's why ne never calls me back. SO, he answers the phone when it's not us, and says now his excuse is his wife is in surgery. That is the longest surgery ever. 4 1/2 months! This guy is a liar, a cheat and a con. Horrible business!!! We just want our problem fixed and for $667 wanted him to finish his job. This guy is cocky and arrogant and of no use. We have just hired someone else to finish. Stay away from this so called business. They take your money and run...so keep running Nelson!
4	Called Magic Pest Control to go out to my home to do a routine pest spray. It was really easy to schedule an appointment. He showed up to my house, right on time (and even wiped his feet on the doormat before coming in). He went through the home interior, spraying each room. He then went outside and sprayed my yard and around the exterior. No problems, nice guy, good service.
5	Magic pest did An outstanding job treating my house for termites. We had quite a spots where termite tubes kept on appearing so we got quotes from 3 companies.  Magic Pest gave us a great price and a longer warranty than their competition. After they treated they came out twice to check on our house and even treated a spot that all three companies missed during the original estimates for no extra charge. While missing the spot isn't ideal they definitely took responsibility for it and made up for it.
5	These guys make it easy! They are very pleasant on the phone, they show up & do a great job! I've been using them for a few years now & think they do an awesome job! They keep their prices very competitive, simple & no pushy contracts.
5	A handyman referred me to Magic when my previous exterminator was in uncharted territory with drywood termites.  Nelson came out the day after I called him, and he and his coworker removed the base boards and some drywall around the termite area and cleaned up really well before they left.  They were both very professional and pleasant.  The termites appeared to be contained to the baseboard that was removed, so there was no termite treatment necessary.  After not receiving an invoice from Magic, I called to ask for one so that I could pay for the few hours that Nelson was at my house.  The polite woman who answered my call had me speak with Nelson, and he said that since there was no treatment done, there was no charge.  I will DEFINITELY use Magic for any future bug issues.
5	Very professional, well mannered, & ON TIME! They guy came and sprayed my house for bugs and such and was really nice and informative.  I don't know what else to say.  Hopefully no bugs!
5	Great service!!  The guy was on time, quick, efficient and covered my entire lot/home, inside and out!  It's been one month, and NO activity.  I highly recommend this company to anyone that wants results, the FIRST time.  And, they didn't try to up-sell me for a monthly service that I didn't need.  I will always use this company.
1	What a joke. Guy shows up an hour late, then has no idea what he is suppose to do. What I scheduled on the phone was completely different than what he showed up to do, and the price was different. He had no idea what I was talking about. I don't know if it was the technicians fault or the offices fault for giving him bad info. I asked him to do what was discussed on the phone and all I got was a blank stare. If a company can't show up on time and doesn't even know what they are there to do, then they don't need my money. There are plenty of other pest control services, so I suggest using a different one.
5	I have used Magic Pest Control for years now for my personal residence and referred them to many clients.  Magic always offers excellent service at fair rates.  It's a pleasure to recommend this family owned and operated business.
5	Nelson and his employees have always been great to work with... I recently stopped in their gilbert office and explained that my daughters apartment had a major issue with pests... He basically gave me a $50 value for $15....  They have come and done our house a number of times and help us identify other problems and issues that we were unaware of... Their prices are always very reasonable... Thanks Magic Pest!!!
5	I've been using Magic Pest since I moved into my home 1.5 years ago.   The people they send to spray are considerate and efficient.  The treatments are effective and priced right.  I'm glad I found them and would definitely recommend using them!
5	I have been using Magic Pest Control for 3 years and have never had a problem with them. They have done a termite treatment and have been doing routine pest control services.  If for some reason the bugs are still there they will come do a free retreat. Sebastian is an awesome tech. Great company.
5	Love these guys! Specifically, Nelson was amazing: very professional, educational, doesn't act like salesman but someone offering a service. They've taken good care of our home for a great price :-)
1	You get welcomed with staring hateful looks as soon as you open the door " what the hell do you want" kinda lookThe lady talked to me with her back turned to me and on her comp she didnt bother to turn around. I was asking about their services, i didnt stay inside more than 20 seconds, i give my money to people who show respect and good customer service, definitely not giving my money to people who give me a disgusting look when i walk into their office!!!! They may have good products but definitely not worth one penny with the people who work there
5	Customer service is excellent. Scheduling appointment without hassle is always a plus, everyone is always so friendly in the office.. Tech did an awesome job and we appreciate great service that comes with a great price. Thank You
1	Had Magic do a termite treatment on my part time home in September of 2012. Treatment came with a five year warranty. Am now living in the home full time and would like a re-inspection, however three attempts at contacting the company have been for naught--my calls are not returned.Now convinced the five year warranty is worth bupkus.
4	Have used these guys for over a year and a half and am very happy. All those showing up are professional and friendly. I am bug free and intend on staying that way by having them come every month. So the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that they were calling every month to ask if I wanted them to come out. Then they stopped calling after I started counting on it. After a few months off we're on track again with their monthly reminders.
