5	Do YOU know the muffin man? I DO!and he cooks up the most heavenly fluffy creations I've ever experienced.  creamy cappucino, crumbly muffins, and enough Dalida to satiate my brain for years to come- best way to start a morning in Montreal!
2	Decent food...a bit over-priced and crappy customer service.The place is located in the gay Village so you can expect lots of attitude from the staff. One of the owners (I guess) waits on tables as if he hated his job,. Don t dare to say a word in English either or you will have to face the consequences,  so if you are a tourist and do not speak perfect French you might want to go and spend your money somewhere else but here. The are plenty of places in Montreal where to eat  good food,  with reasonable prices, decent customer service and where you can speak the international language and the other official language of Canada.....that means ENGLISH.
1	Overpriced creamy cappuccinos and fresh-baked pastries don't make up for the bad attitude from the owners, whether you speak French, English or Swahili they are rude...in any possible language, maybe it's not about language but about their whole lives...Premiere Moisson also have coffee and pastries...higher quality and better service.
1	The coffee here is shit. The owner rolls his eyes if you speak English. Gee, sorry I'm giving you money, dude. My bad.This restaurant is mainly a vehicle for the owner's weird obsession with a diva I've never even heard of until I went in this place, the French singer Dalida. I feel skeeved out.
2	I came back two weeks ago, after three years, to have coffee with a friend from Spain at about 4 PM...the food is the same, the hostile and obnoxious attitude of one of the owners has not changed, he was on the verge of having a stroke because we were not speaking in French..at about 5 PM another male employee came started his shift and he was actually quite friendly, and even tried to exchange a few words in Spanish with us. I am still reluctant to spend my money there, and quite frankly, I do not see the "Parisian" ambiance, not even in spite of the many Dalida posters. I have been to Paris many times and I have never received a hostile treatment for speaking English  or any other language...and at this point not that many people remember who Dalida was.
5	Everything here is excellent...the sandwiches (pressed paninin style), pastries, etc.    Nice little outdoor area for people watching.We had the pork panini made with Brie and Gruyere...one of the best I have ever had...including panini made in Italy and France.The prices are very reasonable and the ambiance in the middle of the Village is perfect.Cash only
