4	What a "Friend"-ly place to visit.  OK, enough with the puns, in all seriousness, this was a nice place to stumble upon.  Out during a walk through Squirrel Hill last night, my friends an I decided to walk up Forward and had no idea that this place existed.Connected to Frankie's next door and owned by the same people, the noise kind of overlaps, but kind of plays off of each other really well.  Also ignore the thumping from up above, you are below a bowling alley.  The inside is nicely redone with a bar that stretches along one of the the walls, with stools for seating.  Booths line the other wall for comfortable seating.  Fireplace with seating in front of it as well.  Pool table in the front room to occupy some of your time.  A handicap bathroom sits off from the room that has the pool table and the other bathrooms are located downstairs.The staff was very upbeat and very polite.  Asking for any type of feedback that you could give they were asking for and were prepared to pass it on to the owners to make this place better than what it is currently.Prices for the drinks were not bad.  Music last night alternated between karaoke, DJ and jukebox.  Wednesday and Saturdays are karaoke nights.  DJ Stef is there on other nights.  There's definitely enough room in here to have a nice little time.I couldn't give this place five stars because the bathroom had a funk to it, like a drain was left open and you could smell the drainage pipes.  And they definitely need to expand the types of alcohol they carry, it was looking sparse behind bar.I would come back here again for sure.
2	Some of my friends really like this place so we went there this past weekend. This place was D-E-A-D, dead this Friday. We were the only people there until like 9:30. The food is decent, but they don't have a great selection of liquors. Beer selection was ok though... Just not my thing.
4	Had a great time at Happy Hour!  Pros:  NON-SMOKING, clean, feels very open, staff is eager to please, prices are reasonable, the food is good.  Free-pouring bartenders...none of those g-ddamn "measuring" drink dispensers like at some other bars I won't mention...Came in here on a Friday night with about 10 coworkers and had a great time.  Lots of seating and everybody liked their food.  We're going back again ASAP.The cons are pretty minor:  Kind of small liquor selection (they may not have your brand), and pretty quiet unless you're willing to put some money in the jukebox (which has a pretty limited selection).  Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood!
