4	Crowded space and very busy, but donuts were very tasty and well priced. "Large" iced coffee are equivalent of a medium anywhere else. But good for a cheap breakfast. The red velvet iced coffee was pretty good.
2	Ran out of glazed donuts and offered no compensation for my drive.  Bad management decisions.
4	What??? There's been a Krispy Kreme Donut Shop at Dobson and Main for two weeks and I didn't know about it?? I immediately canceled my errand on University and pulled into the Safeway parking lot. I've been craving a cream filled donut for weeks! But I thought the closest one was at Superstition Springs and I hadn't gotten out that far this trip. Okay, now to enjoy....
4	i love how people are trying to get free stuff and when they dont they put that it is a bad place. it is krispy kreme they serve there doughnuts hot and fresh if you want old doughnuts go to the supermarket. I went in i got my doughnut off of the belt and it melted in my mouth and was what i expected
3	Decent doughnuts, coffee is strong as hell! I drank one and a half cups and was up all of the following night! :-)
3	Let me preface this review with the fact that I LOVE Krispy Kreme, but this location is not up to par. They do not make the donuts here, so you never get those fresh, warm, and delicious donuts that Krispy Kreme is known for. So if you want top notch donuts, go to the Superstition Springs location.
4	I was very excited to see this new Krispy Kreme.  I took my kids the same day I noticed it.  It looks like the Hot & Ready sign is always on.  When you walk in there won't necessarily be donuts on the belt, however if you ask them to they will put the donuts on there for you and in about 2 minutes you will have hot, melt in your mouth deliciousness.  One of my daughters wanted to try the cookies N cream doughnut.  She didn't like it but did like their original one that was hot.  Also, we bought 2 milks for $1.69 each and found out that you get a free original doughnut with a milk purchase.  Score!
5	They always have hot, original glazed donuts coming off the line and they always taste great. There is always a trivia question on the whiteboard and if you guess the right answer they'll give you another original donut for free. Coffee is pretty good too. I'll keep coming back here.
4	Only cockroaches and KK can withstand a nuclear bomb.Anyway, odd experience. Teenage lovers arguing in the parking lot and in the doorway. No greetings from any of the 3 employees there tonight.Donuts must have been sitting for hours and hours yet still tasted fresh.Dozen donuts, 1 milk and 1 water was $13 and change.
5	The glazed when warm are my hands down favorite donut to eat. I absolutely love them. They are like little pillows of sugary goodness sent down from Heaven.
2	Came in for free coffee day. Who says no to free coffee? Well anyway, I only drink it iced so I had to pay $1. No biggie, I got two. The kids wanted some donuts so I picked up a few. It's been years since I have had an original glazed. It was alright. This location doesn't have the full frying/glazing contraption that I have seen at other locations. They must come in frozen.If you need to use the restroom, be sure to ask for the key from the front. Understandable given the location.
2	Serve reheated donuts as "fresh" when the hot now light is on. Not worth the cost when you get dry, old donuts.
3	Saturday morning 9am, 4 employees and 1 customer in front, one behind me.  Wait 3-4 minutes to even get acknowledged, no biggie.  They had a hard time figuring out what assorted meant... not all glazed... not all non-glazed.  Everyone seemed still asleep or working at half speed.  Not what I remember KK to be.  Glazed coming off the line, but 5 minutes later when I finally tasted they sure were cold.... hmmm.  I'll stick to Bosa's... better tasting, fresher and bigger.
4	The only thing I ever get is the hot glazed donuts, so I can't speak to the quality of their other donuts.  Nor can I speak to the interior bc I only use the drive thru.  They always have hot donuts (the sign is always on), so you may have to wait a few minutes at times, what more do you need?
1	Bought 1/2 doz donuts today at 1:30pm. We were excited for the treat since we hadn't had their donuts in many years.  We ate two donnuts, a glazed and raspberry filled.  Both of them were raw, the glazed was greasy on top of it.  The glazed was warm and had been taken right off the glazing rack.  Not sure we will be able to eat the remaining. Six bucks down the drain.  Unbelievable.
1	I dont like these place! Ppl are rude and mean! And take really bad care of customer service
3	I came here on their 77th anniversary. Pretty good deal. Bought a dozen assorted donuts then the second dozen was all glazed for 77 cents. Can't beat that price!! Customer service was alright and placed seemed clean. Closest krispy kreme to me so if I ever get a craving for a nice, hot melt in your mouth glazed donut I'll be sure to stop by.
3	My visit was after not visiting a store for years.It was expensive for very mediocre pastrys and an uninspiring drink. Service was acceptable. I wont go back. When they opened at Az Mills I wondered why people were enthusiastic about them? I felt, just another chain.
5	Great doughnuts!  Always stop by there, when I'm in the area.  So convenient and right by the light rail station.
5	This is the first K. Kreme I've ever been too... I like it:) fresh donuts, delicious coffee, and polite service.  Can't complain... Worth the drive from Central Phoenix!!!!
