3	Bar and grille with surfer decor. I visited this bar once as one of a few bars during a night of barhopping and It was a nice locals place. I had the nachos which were big and awesome, but there are other menu items available. The food comes from the kitchen next door which is a Mexican restaurant of which the name slips my mind right now. This place has bar and table seating, tables are made out of surfboards. There is also a touch screen juke box for all your music needs. A little far in North Las Vegas and I live in North Las Vegas, but closer to Downtown. Check it out if you are ever in the area.
1	I would like to give this place zero stars for many reasons but it made me give it at least one. We had just moved to the area and after a long day of unpacking we decided to go get some food and drinks and since this was one of the few places I had passed on the way to the new place we decided to try it out.  We got there and sat at one of the tables instead of the bar since we knew we were going to be ordering food.  Well i guess it was to much to ask for the bartender to acknowledge us let alone come to the table to take our order so my boyfriend went to the bar and placed our order for both the food and drinks.  There were 3 of us and we each ordered a meal and then an order of chips and salsa as an appetizer.   We never got the chips and salsa and I ordered a beef chimichanga and received chicken enchiladas (not even close to the same thing).  Not once did the bartender check on us, ask if we needed anything or even ask if we wanted another drink so we continued going up to the bar to get our drinks and finally to get our check.  I was dead set on never going back there but my boyfriend convinced me that maybe it was just a fluke and so we tried it again.  This time we knew to just sit at the bar if we wanted to get any service.  I had to use the restroom and when I came back the bartender still hadn't even said so much as a hi to my boyfriend and continued to have a conversation with another employee that must have just gotten off work.  We still sat there for a few minutes waiting and he still never even  turned around so we got up to leave and then he turned around and said "oh can I get you guys something".  We said no and walked out.So if you feel like eating, getting what you ordered and actually being waited on I would suggest not going to this place.
4	Ok, I'm giving this 4 stars even though I only wanted to give it 3 stars.  Here's why:1.  Phil S. writes a nice review with no faults & still gives it only 3 stars.  WTF Phil?  "Awesome" nachos, bar & table seating, a jukebox - where's the loss of stars?  Location?  Get real.  You shouldn't deduct stars because you had to drive home drunk too far - that's your own damn fault.2.  It is connected to and part of Que Mas Mexican Cafe next door, and Que Mas is the best casual Mexican sit-down restaurant I've found in North Las Vegas so far.  Yummy.  Read my review there unless Yelp takes my advice and lumps the two places together as they should.3.  Service at the bar was good, but not great.  Bartender was hot, but she spent too much time with the "regulars" at the bar and ignored me & my girl (who is also hot) while jabbering with them.  Not cool, so they only deserve 3 stars.  At least the bar part does.  Hmmm - maybe they shouldn't lump the two places together after all. In fact, the rather lackluster (it wasn't bad enough to be crappy or reprehensible) service at the bar might have been enough to warrant only two stars.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt due to the fact that the day shift bartender (did I mention she was hot?) was working swing shift this night, covering for the regular swing bar babe.  She was a little tired & out of her element, so probably not at her best.  She looked good though, so if you don't mind waving your hands or whistling across the bar to get her attention then you're all good.  Make sure to order a shot from a bottle on the bottom shelf while you're at it.  :-)And get a margarita too - we tried them when we went back to the restaurant part a couple of weeks later & they were absolutely spectacular.  Didn't stop in the bar part to see if it was our ignore-the-newbies hottie who made them 'cause the GF was pretty "anxious" to get home after having a couple with dinner, so we split rather quick.  Check please!!!!
1	This is purely for the "Bar".  I went to have a bloody mary.  The bartender was a bleach blonde, fake boobs girl.  When she approached us she did not say hello or anything, she just looked at us and kind of leaned in to see if we were just gonna order i guess...  We asked about the happy hour and she told us about it and left to help another customer!  She didnt come back right away either!  I should have taken my instinct and just left but i though i would give her a chance.  When she finally came back we ordered bloody marys.  They were horrible.  She just put Vodka, bloody mary mix and maybe pepper in it.  I did not drink mine, we paid for one and left, what a waste.  PLUS it smelled like cigarettes in there.   Gross.
4	Being best friends with the bartenders helps but my friends and I practically lived here for a long time.  We knew the whole staff, and have some great memories from this place.  The prices are great, and the food is incredible (for bar food).
5	This your local area 24/7 bar and grill, but it serves Mexican food. I love this place reasonable drink prices, great margaritas, and a friendly staff! I'm in here at least once a week for Brad, Jason, and Bridget, they are the best. They are why I show up! If you need Mexican food at any hour, this I the place in north las Vegas! Dollar tacos at night FTW! damn good tacos for a buck too.
5	Excellent service. Clean bar. Great atmosphere
4	This place is great, every bartender is awesome and I always win here
2	Cook shows up late, manager is always angry, and comps for gambling are inconsistent.  Used to be a regular spot for night shifters getting off in the morning... now its dead.  Treat your regulars well... it pays off in the end.
5	The bar is awesome. Good beer and the food is good.
5	Fantastic bar!!! They have great food at great prices! Their machines payout a lot more than most! Bartenders are super friendly and provide exceptional service! They have recently had a lot of staff changes recently but both the new and old bartenders are great! I go there at least 3x a week!
1	My brother, BFF, boyfriend and myself decided to check this bar out last night. It was big and bright with nice colorful decor. We wanted to play pool and to our surprise it was only 75 cents! That's hard to find in decent bars. So my brother and boyfriend sit at the bar while my BFF and I set up the pool table. My brother then walks up to me and says the bartender wants to see our IDs. So I took my BFF and my IDs over to the bar and this pathetic excuse of a bartender (blonde with fake chesticles) keeps walking pass me and kept talking to the other customers and paid no mind to us. Not once, but three times she walks pass. My brother extends both IDs so she can see it. Finally she comes up to us and asks what I would like to drink. I said nothing you wanted to see our IDs right? And she goes, "Oh yeah." Takes a glimpse, and basically shoves it back. Rude, much? Her attitude was so horrid, my brother and boyfriend left the bar area so they didn't have to deal with her attitude. By the way blondie, if you're working for tips, next time, you should be nice to EVERYONE. Because our group was the richest people at the bar at the time and you didn't get a tip from us. You were totally barking up the wrong tree.why one star? POOR SERVICE FROM BLONDIE!
5	Tacos for $1 after 8!! They are soo good :) We live right near this bar, it is an awesome neighborhood grill, reminds me of the years I lived in Southern California! The tacos are so juicy, what do they do to those things that keep me coming back for more! And the manager is awesome and from New Jersey like me so it's really fun to catch him in there late night and shoot the Jersey sh*t!Great place :)
