5	Just by chance I passed by the studio and saw the ad for the 'Hip hop hustle' workshop.  Four sundays in June for $40--never mind that I live an hour away, never mind I'd be out of town for one of those sundays...I. Wanted. To. Live. My. Dream.  Yes, it's a save the last dance/step up kind of dream but dreams are quirky.  You want what you want.I told this all to the husband, he quickly agreed-not because he really wants me to achieve my dream-he didn't mind spending a day in Madison every week.  The dance space is nice, a bit over the top pink but there was a respectable mirror ball.  My instructor, Jeanne, was friendly and, more importantly, helpful.  The first 15 minutes was a little warm up, learning some pretty easy choreography and then the majority of the class was learning a longer hip hop piece.  We learned a chunk every week and put it together at the end.  I felt pretty accomplished by the end of the lessons and wanted to continue the dream...The studio offers lots of different lessons, even a thriller workshop or a britney spears set of classes, and---my next dream: west  african dance.  I had been to Mali and there is really nothing to compare dancing with live drums; you are alive and you are joyful.I either wish I lived closer or they moved here...but moving to beloit? or janesville? hehee....highly unlikely.  I could probably fit a couple more classes but once summer is over, I'll have to put the dream away.
5	Dance Fabulous, despite it's cheesy (but appropriate?) name and logo is great. Dare I say "fab"?You don't have to be wearing all pink and have been in dance classes since you emerged from the womb to feel comfortable and have a good time. All classes here are drop-in, so it works phenomenally if you have a variable schedule. I take the African Dance classes with Otehlia. There are live drummers and you learn new moves while still getting an "I'm dripping in sweat" workout. There are also a wide range of other classes, but I'm going to go ahead and say that African Dance is the best.
5	Dance Fabulous is a great place to just dance, have fun, and get a bit of a workout. There is no pressure to be a good dancer, or to have any dance experience. I regularly go to the hip hop classes, and I've dropped in on a few others - break dancing, salsa, zumba. And there are still more I haven't had a chance to try yet.The instructors are all friendly, funny, make class really enjoyable. And they often attend each other's classes, so you know they really just love dancing. And there is a really personable group of regulars that make the classes a lot of fun.
