5	No sitting in the waiting room for an eternity?  Check!   Friendly staff?  Check!  No issues with claims that go on and on?  Check!I have been going to Dr.Bateman for several years after getting a recommendation from another long-time patient of his.  I am always taken at my appointment time, if not earlier.  I don't spend another 20 minutes sitting in the chair waiting for a cleaning.  Cheryl has always been my dental hygienist - she is super friendly, doesn't gouge at my face anymore than necessary and is very efficient.  Once my cleaning is done, Dr. Bateman usually comes into the room within minutes and gives the grill a once over before I am free to go.  He is very friendly and I always feel comfortable with his examination.  Once done I receive a plastic bag with a toothbrush, toothpaste, floss and an appointment card for my next visit.  Dr. Bateman teases me that with my good teeth that he can't make any money off of me - and I am just fine with that.I typically make my next appointment for 6 months later while I am at the office.  Once making the appointment I receive an email confirming it and then shortly before the next appointment I receive an email to confirm the date/time.  Their office is located off of Park Cedar Dr and is relatively easy to find.  The waiting room is clean and comfortable and the desk staff has always checked me in and out quickly.  I love Dr. Bateman and his staff and I highly recommend!
5	At the recommendation of one of my coworkers I went to Dr. Bateman's office for a cleaning. The waiting room was your typical dentist office with magazines galore. I arrived roughly 15 minutes early and was seen right away. The hygienist was very friendly (we even swapped baby stories prior to her cleaning my teeth). To keep you busy while your mouth is wide open, there is a TV placed in perfect view from your seat in your room. After the cleaning was done, one of the dentists came back and looked over my teeth, asked me if I had any questions, then I was on my merry way with goodies (toothbrush, toothpaste, floss, and stickers) to go. Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.
4	After 10+ years in charlotte looking for a dentist and a dentist staff I like I think I have found one. Always willing to work with me on my appointment time, friendly and not trying to upset me. Just what I'm looking for.
