5	I'm very glad that one of my favorite parks in Vegas, is actually the closest park to me.  I love that it is busy, but never feels crowded because of the size and the layout. Also it is nicely kept-I see dead plants one week and the next weekend, there's new plants in the planters. The playground here is pleasant with a very cute flower and bug design. There is a aqua pad for the kids to cool off (for kids but doesnt stop me from running through it real quick on a hot day!) , the usual suspects and also some tall tube slides that I havent seen in other parks. There are pavilions scattered about so if you want some privacy to your gathering there are a few lone, out of the ways one as well as pavilions close to the crowd/playground. There are wide jogging trails, also two soccer fields, quite a few sand volleyball courts and open fields that you can just run around and play. There is a amphitheater where the park holds different shows and movies throughout the year.My favorite feature of course is the dog park! There is decent space in each run (one for big dogs and the other for small dogs/seniors)  and is all grass. The grass stays green all year and it's inevitable to have poop, but it seems they clean up pretty often. There is a good mix of people and dog breeds who come here, but people are responsible so there hasn't been any issues here with fights or attacks. We've made some friends with the "regulars" and I admittedly am I liiiittttlle biased that there's a large number of pug owners here.It's close to some other favorite public features that are not to be skipped. Hell, you head to the YMCA and ride on some slides at their pool and then go to the library grab a good book or CD and enjoy it under a tree at the park and have a picnic lunch! Sounds like a great day in the Northwest to me.
4	I love this park, first of all it's huge!  They have just about everything here (a dog park, sand volleyball courts, picnic pavilions, BBQ grills, playground, and a lot of free space with Actual Grass!). There is just about everything you would need for a great picnic or a game of football with some friends.  I usually run through here a lot and there is just a great atmosphere in the park, so check it out for yourself and have a great day!
4	This is a great local park. In the summertime, the water area is a blast. My kids love this place and with the wide open space for parents to sit on a blanket and watch, I don't mind taking them. They have lots of picnic tables too.
4	I come to this park almost everyday during the week to work out with LV Bootcamp.  We use the whole park to workout but mainly use the smaller grass area on the South end, across the street from the YMCA.They park is very clean and well maintained.  I am shocked every time I go into the bathrooms and there isnt toilet paper on the ground or writing on the walls.  We run over to the "hill" where I am guessing they do movies in the park and I am hoping to come and watch one of these days.  For living on this side of town for over 5 years and never stepping foot near this area is a shock to me.  I also love that they have large sand volleyball courts and the sand isnt full of weeds!  The park is used a lot by families, soccer, and pewee football and baseball.  I feel very comfortable being here as it gets dark and it helps that there is a fire department on property if anything does happen.
3	I've been to this park several times since moving to the Northwest part of town.  It's a nice, clean park, but the parking can get really tight on busy weekends.A friend of mine is having a BBQ here on Easter Sunday and it will be nuts.  We celebrated Easter last year here and I had to park at the Library next door.  I hope I don't have to do that this year.Return Factor - 90%
2	This park is great. It has nice equipment, fun water area, large, and super colorful. But what's up with the tweens and teens hanging out here all the time? I took my 1 year old here a couple weeks ago and had to ask some kids to stop screaming profanity. (For the sake of other kids that were around, not really worried about my 1 year old repeating profanity quite yet.)We decided to give it another chance 2 days ago and what do we find but more tweens in the tubes cussing and being inappropriate around small children. This time it was made even better by the 12 year old smoking a cigarette in the tunnel that connects the swings and the slides. I'm not squeaky clean myself but seriously? At a family park commonly referred to as "the butterfly park?" Yeah, no thanks.Totally turned off from this place simply because of the people that seem to overrun it.
5	This has to be my favorite dog park. Nice, secluded, but enough room for him to have fun. I can see everything he's doing from wherever I'm sitting so I don't have to be chasing him around :) and it's very clean too!
5	Hey Las Vegas Yelpers!Thanks for all the great reviews. I made a trek out to this park today in search of a dog park near me... this may be the closest dog park in my area... 8 miles :o/ but worth the drive. Right now part of the route from my apartment to the park (near the park) the roads are closed so it took a while to get there... but I was determine to get there :)It was my first time bringing Ebi to a dog park. She's a 4 month 3-4lb teacup yorkie. I took her in the 25lb and under gated area and she was the smallest dog there this afternoon. After an hour of letting her roam around smelling the other dogs I drove to the other end of the park and took her for a walk on the sidewalk. This park is alive! There was girls soccer going on and kids playing in the water park... and tons of dogs in the dog park.Parking wasn't a problem this afternoon. I'll def come back... atleast once a week so my puppy can socialize :DNote to dog owners: please pick up after your child... I seen dog poop in the dog park :((5 tail wags from Ebi!-Miss Yelp 2011
4	I am lucky enough to have this awesome park less than a quarter mile away from my home. Lots of areas for kids to play, super clean with no graffiti or trash anywhere, and I always feel safe no matter what time of day that I am there. From what I understand there is a fair sized dog park here, as well...although my chihuahua's are shut-in's , so we haven't checked the dog park out yet.My only complaint would be the douchey teenagers hanging out and trying to look cool at the play ground. It's not that I see them as any sort of threat, but they are definitely a little annoying. (Maybe I'm just getting old.)
5	Absolutely love this park!  So many options for little ones and they can feel like little bugs.  Overall, doesn't get too busy but if you prefer everything to yourself, there's a side that apparently is always dead!!
5	We just moved to Las Vegas a couple of weeks ago.  This park is located only a couple of miles from our house.  It is the perfect place for our 3- and 5-year-old boys to play.  There are a couple of really neat playgrounds and two separate water play areas as well.  There are covered picnic spots, lots of grassy areas to run around in, and gorgeous views of the surrounding mountains.  Could not be more perfect!
4	Round up 15 Yelpers for a potluck picnic in the park and an adventure of epicurean levels are to follow. Apparently this park tends to be rather busy throughout the day and there is a chance that a reservation must be placed in advance. If you are planning to hold a gathering when they do their movies in the park than there is no need to call. The picnic tables on the Buffalo side, in between the two volleyball pits, has enough room to accommodate a large group. With a BBQ on either sides of the tables, it is easy to prepare everything at once. It would be tougher if this area was shared between two or more parties though.We came here with the intention of playing in the water features, but they were not on at 8pm. Not sure if there is a way to turn them on, but every nob, lever, or spinner we tried did not work. Even though we were let down about that, the fact that their outlets were on made the night better.
4	This is a nice park. We bring our dogs here and they just love it.We like the bbq areas and that there is space to play.This is a great place to consider having a get together or some fun family time.They have trash cans that are emptied regularly and facilities are clean.
5	Nice neighborhood. We spent the day here with our dogs and 4 year old. Had no issues with either park. We will be frequent visitors.
1	We are pretty new to the area and have been regularly going to a dog park about 7 miles from our home and wanted to find something closer to home. Found centennial hills park and thought we would give it a try. There were plenty of dogs at the park when we finally found the dog area. There are no signs that I could see from my car saying the dog area was to the right as you pull in. Finally got my two babies wrangled out of the car and into the park. There are two watering stations which is nice and plenty of doggy bag holders so if you either forgot yours or ran out you had something to pick up after your dog. Which it seemed like I was the only one cleaning up after my animals. I had to watch my step because there was feces EVERYWHERE. Even thought it was closer, my dogs were completely uninterested with the park, and with all the dog crap everywhere we left and went to Barkin Basin. We won't be returning to the centennial hills sog park anytime soon. My girls have a much better time at the park a few more miles away.
4	I did a Senior 2012 Photo-shoot here and it worked out perfect! Best Park in town if you need a nice area for photographs :)
4	This is a HUGE park.  I first visited the southern part which has a large grass area, several covered picnic areas of different sizes, a play ground and splash pad and thought it was all of the park but there is even more as you go north including a amphitheater, nature trail/overlook area and another play area with splash pad, climbing area and large slids. I'm pretty sure there are some sports fields too but I didn't go to that area to confirm.  The newer southern area was really really crowded but we went to the "butterfly" area on the northern side of the Amphitheater and it was great, with very few people and the kids loved it.  Nice that there is so much to do and lots of space to roam.  There are also several bathroom facilities located throughout the park and ample parking although you will have to walk some from your vehicle to the playground areas.  Overall a really nice park to spend some time - if you pack some snacks or a lunch you could easily spend a few hours.
5	Beautiful, spacious, clean park.  Great dog park area, too.
4	We go to the red side by the library. We haven't gone to the butterfly park in awhile because it is usually filthy (trash everywhere) and crowded.  Red dinosaur side gets 4 stars.Butterfly side gets 1.
5	My grandchildren love going here. We enjoy the water park, the Dino trail and the large area to run and play.
5	Really great park! Super huge ! Has two main playgrounds, both are equally cool for what it is !A lot of spots for picnics!  They should have more fares or carnivals here would be super cool!I usually start on one playground and then walk to the other side going thru the dinosaur area.
3	at first glance this park looks great!  And it is a good park.  Lots of shade area's, lots of green space, and the playground area and water splash pad are nice.  Its bright and colorful.   It basically clean, however the picnic tables in the playground area are littered with pigeon poop.  Not only does it look horrible and makes you not want to actually dine on these tables, its a health hazard as pigeon poop is filled with harmful bacteria.  Quite disgusting. Another drawback if you have children who like to swing, this park only offers TWO baby swings.  As large as this park is it should offer more than two baby swings, several baby swings and swings for older children would be recommended.  And the two baby swings they do offer are hidden behind a huge rock wall, not visible from the main playground area at all, in fact we fount them by accident!  Only giving 3 stars because the playground area is littered with pigeon poop.  Would be helpful if it were cleaned up and the pigeon problem addresses and having the pigeons removed.
4	Nice park. Good open spaces. Volleyball courts with sand. Places to eat lunch. Most importantly there are 2 dog parks. Too bad they are on the small size. Also, in the large dog park there is not much grass. Mostly dirt I would say. The small dog park has much more grass. Kind of weird if you ask me. Pretty nice park. Thumbs up.
5	I love this park, it is the few ones that actually has real green grass growing in the dog park. It is always clean and neat.
3	Dog Park review-- It's not bad but it's not amazing. 2 separate spaces for large and small dogs. The small dog area always seems to be damp, muddy, full of pot holes and puddles. I've come here both in the morning and in the evening and it has been like that both times. There is some litter strewn around the perimeter of the park. I recommend coming early morning (7am) as that seems to be when the park is most populated.  I have come around 8 am and 5pm.. these times are usually sparse with dogs. My little pup enjoyed playing by himself for a bit. It's a good place for someone who lives close by and wants to get their dogs to expend a little energy but personally if I have some extra time I don't mind driving a little further for a better experience.
4	This dog park was better than what I expected. The park is actually divided into 2 areas. Large and small. Parking:The parking lot is close, clean and free of debree with some spaces under an awning providing shade for the cars. Play area:The play area has real grass, 4 trees, and a safe perimeter fence to keep our dogs safe from running towards cars and/or large dogs. The park is maintained neat and clean. Hours are clearly posted on the signage. The park does offer poop bags to pick up after our pets and trash bins are readily available. Benches are found around both areas while some do have shade. Hydration:The park has 2 water fountains for both human and pets. I just wouldn't recommend you drink from it as their are lots of flies in and around the parks waste baskets.
5	Amenities:BasketballFootball - grass fieldSoccer - grass fieldsVolleyball - Sand courtsHuge kid equipment areaDog park - separate for large and small sizesAmpitheater - grass stadium seatingBBQ pits and Tables throughoutWalking paths - Both natural and paved, paved areas are illuminatedSnack stands - open durning eventsShade structuresAmple parking - both covered and uncoveredRestrooms - cleaned and stocked dailyCleanliness: This park is kept up, both by the city and the community who use the facilities. Restrooms are always clean and have tissue for use. The grounds are free of debris
5	Good place to just go and relax. Have a seat under a giant butterfly! Nice to have a well maintained park in the area. Lots of activities for all ages to have some fun.
5	This is a wonderful dog park! Two separated areas both are LARGE. Normally the small dog area is puny compared to the large side but both areas and large. There are four different seating areas and watering areas. I do wish they had more balls (a bucket of balls) but besides that it's a great park. I love the people who come here the most! Always friendly great people so chat with and meet their dogs.
5	Awesome park! Found this hidden gem on one of my many drives around my job and am I glad I did! This park has rolling hills, tennis courts, and a very nice children's play area. It isn't the biggest park, but what it lacks in size it more than makes up for in character and location. I love this park!
