5	So the other half and I were looking for somewhere to eat lunch one Saturday and we stumbled upon this place. It had randomly popped up on Lothian Road without us noticing, so we thought we'd give it a try.I guess this place is still pretty new as it still had the new, unworn feel to it. Basically the idea is this. You grab yourself a seat (and there was plenty, it was suspiciously quiet for a Saturday afternoon), and pour over the very small menu. You then make your choice and head up to the counter and order. The menu has two sections. The first section you choose from either a Burrito, Tacos or Quesadila. You then choose your filling (beef, chicken or veggie), what type of beans you want and finally whichever salsa. In a way, it reminded me of Subway. As the girl moved along the 'production line' filling my Burrito and asking questions as she went. The second part of the menu contains Fajitas, Salads and Nachos. These things come from the kitchen so you pay up and they bring it over to you. Also they give you a cup and you go off and fill up your drink from the drink station. We ordered a beef Burrito and Chicken Nachos to share. It was really pretty awesome. We both gobbled it down and were stuffed for the rest of the day. I really don't think I would manage a whole Burrito to myself because I was struggling towards the end. And we are big eaters (my big butt doesn't lie). The beef was lovely and tender, the guacamole was homemade (I am sick of that awful store bought stuff restaurants normally use) and the salsa was also fresh. It was all delicious! I love the idea of this place and it works well. It also is a takeaway too, which is an added bonus. I can't wait to go back.
3	In the former premises of the Pizza Hut that seemed to have been on Lothian Road since the beginning of time, Illegal Jacks looks to be aiming for somewhere in the middle of the spectrum between outright fast food, and classy sit down restaurant. It certainly looks brand new, and is pretty nicely furnished, so you don't feel like you're sitting in years of other people's pizza  grease. Hmmm, I've just realised I feel a bit nauseous when I write the word grease.Anyway, the place is pretty big, so there's plenty of room to sit if you're in a big group of people, or you can take away. Then you go up the eagerly waiting staff, and decide whether you want tacos, a burrito, or a quesadilla. Then you choose chicken, beef or the veg option to fill your chosen edible vessel, and add beans or salsa. There are other options on the menu too, like nachos or fajitas. I went for a burrito, which wasn't half bad to be honest, and what made it taste even better was that it was very reasonably priced, surprisingly so. Definitely worth coming in here if you have a Tex-Mex craving as it's quick, pretty good quality, and most probably going to be under a tenner.
4	I was pleasently suprised about this place. It's not what I was expecting at all if I'm honest.Firstly this place is new, really new - it still hasnt had a chance to loose its new restaurant shine, which is nice. It's certainly better than the old pizza hut which was here. But because its new, its often empty which is a little bit uncomfortable. Never the less, I'm sure as it gains a reputaion there will be more of the seats filled each night.Anyway, Illegal Jacks is like the illegitimate love child of Subway and Tex-mex food. You kind of shuffle along a counter while you choose your food and its made freshly in front of you. Then there is some food which is made in the kitchen and brought to you. It's a bit confusing and frankly seems uneconomical, but its different which is the main thing.The food is good, I do like any type of tex-mex though, so see for yourself - its an experience more than anything!
3	All tex mex food was invented in the desert, and in the 100 years since it's we've been cooking it  we've still not found a way to make it work. The food here was ok, everyone's explained the Subway like process on which your food is made. This does nothing but slow the whole process up when you have customers asking for just one more lettuce leaf.The food just tastes greasy, like it's been left out in a metal tin all day like they serve you in Asda cafes....oh wait.All show, no substance.
4	This restaurant is extremely American, which is definitely a good thing when it comes to food! Sure the menu mainly consists of the more popular Mexican dishes, but any Mexican, or culinary expert really, would liken it to a TGI Fridays rather than an authentic Mexican restaurant.It's quite a new place, only having opened last November, and is the brainchild of some Scots (or one Scot, I forget) who went to the States and decided to open Ilegal Jack. I do have to say it's an awesome name, and could probably just be shortened to Ilegal, if it kicks off. If I say you can get quesadillas, burritos and tacos here, one gets the general idea of what the menu is like! It's not ridiculously expensive, and the nachos take-away I had was much more than edible by the time I got home.The restaurant is definitely decorated in a no frills manner, with wooden tables and bench chairs, and being a fan of this kind of food I'll definitely be eating there many more times.
4	Okay, I'm at risk of being pelted with hard objects by any Americans I know (and also some of you Edinburgh folks by the looks of things), and I'm aware that I don't have any means of comparison when it comes to authentic Tex Mex food, but I enjoyed my bite here. Come on, when we can't move for flipping Chiquito branches or gosh darn Barburritos, anything that seems to be doing it better - and by that I mean way better - gets my vote.This place is sharp, clean and minimalist. It also serves alcohol. It's kind of a hybrid between a fast food place and a casual restaurant, you know, the type where plastic knives and forks meet bottles of beer...? Me neither. But I like it, and price-wise and quality-wise, I was impressed. It feels like it should be a far bigger chain than it actually is, and if one day it makes its way to Manchester I shall welcome it with open arms. Plus the choice isn't as limited as with the likes of Barburrito - there are various other options like buffalo wings.I opted for a chilli bowl with Spanish rice, and I was provided with a dish that contained a number of different kinds of vegetables (take THAT, Barburrito... this is turning into a one-woman attack, I'm sorry) as well as beans and a sauce that had just the right amount of kick, and the rice was done deliciously. For once I was eating something in a place of this type that didn't taste like a dish I could have cobbled together at home, and I'm not sure where the greasy accusations are coming from here but I didn't experience anything of the sort. Just a generous topping of cheese, which I always have time for.Whoever Jack is, I hope they forgive him for whatever illegal thing he did because he does make rather good fast food. And he should be praised for it.
2	I'll have to start this review off by saying that I'm from California so have a very high standard for what I think Mexican food should be.  Yes, I realise this is tex mex/southwest food, but when they're serving burritos, I'll call it Mexican.I stopped in here about a month ago before a gig.  My man and I went for a couple of pints after work and before heading to Illegal Jacks so our tummies were sufficiently rumbly.   Everything sounded tasty so we decided to share a burrito, nachos and chicken wings.  Once we decided what we wanted to eat, my man got in line to order while I stayed at the table to wait.  And wait and wait and wait.  I have no idea why the line moved sooooooo slowly when all anyone has to do is order, pay, and get a number. When our food finally arrived we realised it wasn't really worth the wait.  The burrito was OK and huge, so the expensive price tag made a bit more sense.  There wasn't much to it in terms of excitement, but it tasted good so we were satisfied.The nachos ... how can anyone mess up nachos??  I find that a lot here, poor poor poor excuses for nachos, and it hurts my Californian soul.  Nachos are a tasty crispy crunchy way to eat beans and cheese and salsa and guac and all of the other lovely toppings you can choose from.  It really doesn't take a culinary genius to make nachos, so why is it so hard to find good ones?  So right, nachos did not receive a thumbs up.Finally the chicken wings.  They had the taste and texture of boiled chicken which had been rubbed in spices and baked for a few minutes prior to serving.  Granted, boiling the chicken guarantees that it's cooked and makes it very tender, but still ... that's just not right.  On top of being disappointed by the food, the price tag (about 30 pounds for the food and two beers) was unreasonable for what was essentially fast food.My Illegal Jacks experience made me miss Coconut Grove even more.  Now that was tasty Mexican grub.
5	Oh Illegal Jack's, you hit the spot just right. I had heard good things about I.J's burrito bar, serving giant burritos and american-mexican treats. Further research only affirmed these rumours and fuelled my excitement of finally trying them. Not just burritos, but tacos, quesedillas, fajitas, nachos, chilli, and salads. With two different veggie options. Where could this go wrong?If anyone knows, then drop me a line, but I fail to see how. I came here on Burns' Night with two friends, and when we first arrived at 6pm it was really quite quiet. Perfect, we could order quickly, our food arrived promptly, and it was delicious. I had the fajitas, which was a beautifully sized portion of peppers, onions, and chicken, with all the sides. Miss S had the burrito, and ohmyholylord is that one BEAST of a burrito. They are massive. While Miss M had the quesedilla, and I admit I was jealous of all that grilled, oozy, cheesy goodness. I kinda wanted it all.There's a nice, friendly atmosphere inside, and the staff always had a smile on their face. As it was Burns Night, there were haggis burrito specials, and I think a themed Burn Night ticket'd event. Around 8pm it suddenly got super busy and there school-lunch-type queues about 12 people back from the ordering desk for food. I'm glad we came when we did. But no one seemed to mind waiting, so I'm assuming this is what you expect for the Burrito goodness at Jack's.I also need to give special mention to the pitchers of margaritas. They are the devil in delicious disguise (if the devil were actually something very, very good and just a little bit naughty). Two pitchers later, and me, Miss S and Miss M left quite merry, full of tasty food, and saying "we MUST do that again soon".I can't think of many other places that dedicate themselves to the art of burrito making, but Jack's has it down to a deliciously spicy T.
5	HELL NO THIS ISN'T A THREE STAR ESTABLISHMENT!!!(and I hate exclamation points!)Seriously, I'm a little mad. WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE AND WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN EATING? With all due respect Edinburgh and the fine and wonderful people I have met here, I have not seen such skewed ratings for places to eat in my life until I came here. First, you rate PIZZA F**KING PARADISE a FOUR STAR and this place you think sucks? I've always said "The UK gets a bad rap, they have some damn fine food." Well, I'm here to say - you do have damn fine food, you just don't respect it. Clearly it's not the food it's your wrong opinions. (I still love you guys though)Illegal Jack's is DAMN FINE fast food tex mex. I have eaten in Edinburgh for three weeks at 4 and 5 star Yelp rated places and this was FAR AND AWAY the best meal I had. The fresh spicy salsa was out of control awesome. Next layer cheddar cheese. Next layer AMAZING veggie chili that filled me to the brim. Next layer damn fine black beans.Next layer Mexican rice. Held in a CRISPY CRISPY DELICIOUS corn tortilla. Added layer Guacamole that was... damn fine for some Guacamole served in Scotland. It's a-friggin million miles away from Mexico and they still managed to pull off the guac! Well done Illegal Jack. ADDED BONUS: Buffalo Sauce. For real Edinburgh? You can't respect that there's Buffalo Wings here? I mean where else are you going to get Buffalo Wings? Now, if you come here expecting MEXICAN food, you won't get it. You know why? Cause BURRITOS are AMERICAN. Yes, I said it. We didn't invent the tortilla, and we didn't invent the bean but we did invent the carrying case. NB: Almost all edible "dishes" and things that allow you to "eat and run" were invented in the good 'ole US of A. Exhibit A: Hamburger Bun B: Ice Cream Cone C: Kabob stick (Yes teriyaki chicken put on a stick in California)D: Hot dog Bun E: Bread BowlIf you have a hankering for food that MOST CERTAINLY DOESN'T SUCK, come one, come all, come here. This shit is delicious. Anyone says different - we can take this outside!
2	I've left my more favourable review underneath because I suppose it still stands but my last visit wasn't very good at all, it was also a strange experience. When I went up to order, the girl behind the counter quite clearly didn't like me. I'm not too fussed about big smiley North American service but she was so dour and never looked at me, once I started talking. My burrito (and I've had a few) was chucked together with not much of anything in it. When my girlfriend and our friend ordered, she was all smiles to them! Not sure if it's because I is male or maybe it was just my face. Anyway..I also ordered and paid for chicken wings which never came. When I went up for a refund (we had finished our meals) a guy at the till apologised a few times and said he didn't know anything about the order. The girl did, but again, refused to look at me or say sorry. Another guy came from the kitchen, also apologised and asked how I'd like my refund. Again, standing next to him, she had a chance to say sorry to me or even to him but never did. I told the guy that it was fine and that I had eaten enough anyway, I'm just interested to know what I did to rub up the staff member the wrong way!Been here a couple of times and I'm impressed. The burrito is the best I've had in Edinburgh. It's also probably the biggest for the cheapest in the quickest time. I would recommend the steak burrito with spicy salsa. It's huge though so you probably don't need to order a side dish to yourself but maybe one to share. I ahem..ordered buffalo wings for myself which are also great but very spicy, I'd recommend a beer or two to cool down with. Interestingly, my girlfrined and I assumed it was a chain because it has that look about it but it's not, there's only the one, and it's in Edinburgh. You'd think they would give it more personality but I suppose the spartan surroundings are cheaper to create and cheaper to clean and maintain.
5	When it comes to cheap, tasty and convenient Tex Mex style food, I genuinely don't believe anyone does it better than Jack.Since it opened i have been countless times, and have introduced and recommended this place to many many people, most of who come away with the same satisfaction that only illegal jacks burritos can deliver. And thats what this place is about, the burritos.  yes they do other things, and they are all decent enough, but the burritos are out of this world.First of all, everything is made fresh.  I was past every morning on the way to work and regularly see the deliveries going it.  Not once have I seen a jar, can or tub of anything, what I see are hundreds of fresh tomatoes, onions, avocados etc being unloaded that get turned into the various fillings (guacamole, salsa etc).The meat (chicken, beef or pork) are cooked in a delicious marinade, and if you prefer both the chilli and veggie chilli are outstanding.The beauty is though that is up to you how its made, for anyone thats not been - the concept is similar to that of subway sandwiches, you line up, you pick your base, you choose all the toppings and extras etc.  They have a selection of meats, veggie options, even haggis plus a selection of beans and salsas plus cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  you pick the contents, they wrap this beast of a burrito in tin foil and then you can eat in or take out.  To top it off, they have a Louisiana Hot sauce available to add as you eat, and its really tops the whole thing off. I have never witnessed anyone finish one and still be hungry, in fact more often that not people cant finish the whole thing its that big!If eating in, there are plenty of seat and they have a good selection of drinks inc Brew Dog beer.Although the quick turnaround means that its always fairly easy to get a seat, they will happily reserve a table for small or large groups (even using twitter, which is a nice touch).  When it comes to Tex Mex, this isn't just the highest quality I have found, but its also great value for money, the actual restaurant is really nice, its incredibly quick and convenient and one that I have developed a strange sense of loyalty to, due in part to the obvious passion and hard work of Mr Jack and the pride he clearly (and quite rightly) has in this place.
2	Maybe some outrageously good Tex-Mex experiences have made me a little jaded or maybe all the reviews on here made me hope for too much, but this was simply not all that great. Sure, the burritos and quesadillas (the two dishes my wife and I tried) are huge, but the fillings are bland and mushy and adding extra toppings to fix the taste issue will quickly make things even more overpriced.This simply isn't good Tex-Mex. Kudos for trying - the guacamole wasn't bad - but right now, all you'll find here are some lifeless rice, beans, and tortillas wishing for a bit of spice and a whole lot less mush.
5	illegal jack's is one of my favourite eateries in edinburgh. there are so, so many things i like about it. - i like the fact it is very business savvy about keeping in touch with customers via facebook and twitter- you can reserve tables by tweeting, and they never mess up your reservation- the staff are efficient, and seem to genuinely enjoying working there, which is always lovely to see- they have carefully stocked their bar with locally sourced scottish suppliers such as thistly cross and brewdog. they introduce it in stages and obviously care about if they are getting it right (which they are)- they serve margaritas by the pitcher, and they are yum!- they have recently started serving prosecco - YES!- they no longer laugh at me when i ask for my burrito sans beans and rice (but with guac and jalapenos please!)- my burrito (which is probably just a giant fajita) is always so bloody delicious. i always get the chicken, and i am always happy!- the music is really great- the prices are very reasonable- the atmosphere is always just right - there is a lovely buzz to the place- you never have to wait long to get a table- it is a 'fast food' restaurant, but you can stay for as long or as short a time as you like, and staff are always very accomodating and friendly- their hot sauce is delicious!- it is a great pre night out place to grab a filling bite to eat for cheap- jack always sends across tortillas and dips for the table to share if you book your table in advance, which is a really nice touch.i live in london now and i wish illegal jacks moved down with me!
5	Always 100% top quality! So many combos, mix up as you like! What ever you want, how you want it. These guys are great, you can tweet to reserve a table AND change the music - interactive to the next level! Great fun, staff are great, yum, no fuss filling food - done. Margarita pitchers - hidden but awesome!
5	It's fitting that my first review on Yelp is of Illegal Jack's, a place that I have grown to love over the last year. I first discovered Illegal Jack's via Twitter where this friendly eatery was chatting away with Edinburgh locals and international Tex-Mex lovers alike and was impressed that you could reserve a table with a tweet, a practical use of social media that continues to set Jack's apart from other restaurants. Check them out on facebook too to see why so many of us regulars have become "jackaholics".The main event on the menu is the mighty burrito, a large, freshly steamed flour tortilla wrapped around your choice of fillers & grillers. Spiced rice, rich tomato black beans, sweet oniony pinto beans, smoky bbq carnitas pork, tender marinated beef, succulent chicken, haggis, veggies haggis, veggie chilli, three salsas, jack cheese, jalapenos, sour cream, gaucamole & hot sauce in any combination you like!My current favourite is spiced rice, pinto beans, chicken, touch of carnitas, roasted salsa, cheese & lashings of smoked chipolte hot sauce. Mmmmmmm... Other highlights are the sizzling fajitas, chilli bowls, nachos and  Quesadillas (watch out these are volcanic when first cooked, burnt my tongue once in my haste) The hot sauce selection is awesome, with some special yet dangerously hot numbers kept on lock down in the kitchen but available upon request! The insanity hot sauce is really only for the, well, insane as it is ridiculous if you have more than a few drops.With a fine selection of brew dog beer and thistly cross cider, wines and soft drinks as well as the infamous margaritas pitchers there's plenty of liquid refreshment to quell the heat and keep the banter flowing over one of the vibrant weekend nights at Illegal Jacks's.Fresh food, friendly service, great music, buzzing atmosphere and plenty of online banter make Illegal Jack's so much more than just a purveyor of cheap, tasty food. Whether you live in town or are visiting from out of town, Illegal Jack's is well worth a visit.
4	Right, so I kinda struggled with what the concept of what this place was, then I realised as soon as I got there. It is kinda like a Subway, but with Tex Mex, and waaayyy tastier!Although, much like subway, I could not eat here every day!The food here is great. The spices, the endless choices of burritios, taco, quesadilla, different filling salsas, beans. You can pretty much mix it up however you like! And who doesn't love being of charge of what they actually get to eat! That way you can get it as near to perfection as possible!I ended up having a chicken burrito with pinto beans, roasted salsa, sour cream and jalapenos. My lord this burrito was HUGE!!!! And stuffed full. I was actually impressed she managed to roll it without it exploding everywhere like it would have if I have tried to roll it myself. Make no mistake, food here is filling and totally worth it! I was struggling less than half way through, but I had a Man vs. Food moment, I was determined to finish it. And finish it I did. I was totally satisfied and ready for whatever energy-requiring task life were to throw at me!I loved this little quick eatery, it is totally handy, totally tasty and totally awesome!
5	"Son, she said, have I got a burrito for youWhat you thought was just chickenWas nothing but....While you were sitting in the booth aloneWaiting for your friends to arriveYour appetite was growing.Sorry you didn't get to try the chicken, but I'm glad you ordered the...CARNITAS. Ohhhh, ohh, it's all about the carnitasHey, I, I, like my carnitas on a QUESEDILLA..".**** To be sung to the tune of Alive by Pearl Jam......Ok, I kind of lost the rhythm there. I got carried away with all the pulled-pork-on-a-toasted-quesedilla excitement. But that kinda sums up my most recent experience at Illegal Jack's. The first thing I remember, and loved the most, was the rockin' tunes on the stereo. This is tex-mex with 'tude. Jimi Hendrix when I walked in, Jimmy Eat World, Pearl Jam, even some old-school Faith No More, a bit of punky The Offspring. Even whilst I sat for an hour waiting for the birthday party to arrive, I was happy as larry with my coke and laptop.Then the delightful Kelly F surprised me (and herself) but coming in for a sneaky burrito and I got to try a bite of the chicken burrito. I thought I had made my mind up. And as Eddie was wailing out at me over the speakers, I was thinking "chicken burrito noms".But then the party arrived and I went to order and snap decision BOOM "Carnitas Quesedilla please with pinto beans". And boy am I glad I did. So much so it inspired me to re-write Pearl Jam's Alive as a tribute to the mecca of meaty, cheesy, hot, toasted, tex-mex goodness.I'm sure reading the other reviews, folk will get an idea of what Illegal Jack's is. Edinburgh's only tex-mex sit-in restaurant that has a unique ordering system: you go up and order as you go, and whatever you order (burrito, quesedilla, tacos) is made there in front of you.The burritos are EPIC. Huge. Ma-hoosive. As I heard someone describe them, like the size of a small baby. The quesedilla is perhaps more moderate but the extra cheese makes up for that. Fajitas are sizzling. And the margarita pitchers work a treat.But that's what the food is. (It's good). There's also the whole atmosphere. It's such a friendly place. It's big, it's kind of 'diner-ish' and not like a proper restaurant. But I love that about it. It's communal, big benches, a few smaller booths. Free wifi, totally happy for me to rock up and rock out to their tunes on my laptop with only a coke whilst waiting an hour for friends to arrive.The question I asked myself last night whilst re-composing Pearl Jam was "why do I not come here more often?" A rhetorical as there is no answer. The only solution is that I SHOULD come here more often.
5	Burrito Beats Burger. Simple as that. Also my wee one always gets a baby burrito, nothin quite like baby meat.
1	What a disappointment. If you have ever had mexican food before do not come here. I may be from California but that doesn't mean I have some extraordinarily high standards cause I've been an expat for almost a decade now... so my standards have gone down a bit. Also my partner is from Glasgow and wholeheartedly agrees that this place SUCKS. I never knew one could mess up salsa, but even with all the choices you have for your burrito ours tasted like an uninspired insipid mess of  "stuff". Not even real food, but stuff that you're not sure what it is cause it all tastes in the same flavorless way. I can't even describe how disappointed I was cause its SO HARD to mess up assembly line burritos! I mean just add some onions, garlic and tomato concentrate to white rice and there you have some tasty mexican rice, Flavor folks! I wish I could get into that kitchen and teach their staff how to cook easy, tasty mexican food.If there were awards for flavorless food joint this place would take first in my book. Its over priced and seriously bland stuff.
4	I had my first taste of Illegal Jack's during the Yelp Springtime Spectacular event when the friendly chef graciously handed out his amazing beef chilly which he proudly boasts to have cooked for up to 10 hours (if I remember correctly)...I was determined to have more!Went to the restaurant recently as my friends and I had a little get together. Having tried the chilly, I decided to have the burritto. Since I still have my Scottish tourist hat on, I decided let's go with the Scottish flavour and order the Haggis burrito with pinto beans and loads of cheese.After I took a bite I sat quietly enjoying it. My friends noted my silence and asked how was it, stealing a bite, they were quite pleasantly surprised despite not being haggis fans.Their order of the quesadillas and nachos were pretty nice too!Anyway, about the restaurant, it is a bit of a Subway concept, in which you go to the counter and tell them how you want them to make your food. The food is a bit pricey but the portion is large.With the added bonus of good company, I enjoyed myself :) Ok for a group of 6.
3	The grub fills you up and is really fast, so a place for a quick stop if you need to catch that movie or are about to go into the Usher Hall/Picture House for a music fest. Talking of music, there's always great tunes. I'm really not a fan of the burritos, so I always stick with nachos and they're usually decent. I find it quite expensive for what it is as the scran is all pretty much pre-prepared. But it fills a hole and staff are very friendly. Extra points for the ambience, as the restaurant is social media savvy and is happy for people to hang out and play board games/chat/use the wifi.
3	Pretty average southern American fast food place. Had it in mind to visit for quite a while and since mentioning that I've finally done it friends have pointed out that the burritos are what one should order to get the best out of the place. Why though should one dish, by the sounds of it, be world beating and the quesadilla (which I went for) nothing special? Who knows. Service was fine, cutlery cunningly hidden (if available at all) and atmosphere reasonable seeing as the piped music pretty much kept in with the place's theme (i.e. it was various sorts of rock) but I'll not be rushing back.
2	Hmmmmm really just not sure about this place at all, went for a lunch and just wasn't impressed. I had the quesadilla with carnitas which was ok, we also got chicken wings and they were well awful! Cold, greasy and just not very good.The search for good tex-mex goes on!
3	I remember when Illegal Jack's first opened and i was soooooo excited that finally Edinburgh had a place that made proper burritos.  the first few times i went the excitement stayed and i enjoyed the food, but on my last few visits i feel like things have started to slide a bit.last night the boyfriend and i decided it was time to put the christmas tree up and get some takeaway for dinner.  burritos and tortilla chips was quickly agreed on so we headed to lothian road.  the place was rather empty, but considering it was a monday night this was hardly surprising.  what was surprising though was the incredibly slow and poor service.we got in the queue, only two people before us and waited a few minutes.  when it was my turn to order i stepped up and the girl walked away from the counter...umm what?  she then put a tortilla in the steamer and was like oh, i'll help you in a minute and then looked like she was about to prepare someone else's order but then turned back to me and asked what i wanted.  my burrito was made promptly and i paid and then my boyfriend stood waiting to be helped and the girl behind the counter proceeded to ignore him and walk away.  yet again, um what?  she seemed to be the only one serving as she brought some fajitas out to a table but then just stood by the kitchen as if waiting for other items.  after another few minutes a different girl appeared and decided to take my boyfriend's order.after another wait to get some tortilla chips and dip we finally exited the near empty restaurant to head home.  the burritos were good, but they weren't great and i felt like the salsa had a kick but sort of lacked any actual flavour.  the guacamole was a bit bland as well and i found the carnitas in my burrito were a bit on the dry side.  so overall after a poor customer service experience the food was a bit of a let down as well.  i'll be taking my tex mex cravings to the much tastier establishment near my flat next time.
5	This review is long overdue, as I was one of the first people to go here when it first opened.My reason for trying it out so hastily was because I was unable to find a place for a decent burrito in Scotland (tried finding a place in Glasgow, Aberdeen, and Stirling, but to no avail). I tried my luck here, and I was impressed.Granted, the burritos were nothing compared to what you get in San Francisco, but the owner seems to have done his research, and learned how to make burritos. One big plus was that although he had a kitchen in the back, he kept the store front similar to what you see in California, where the ingredients are kept warm in plain sight of the customer (cafeteria style). He also had a tortilla steamer! A simple, but easily overlooked tool several other Mexican restaurants in the area got wrong.This place gets five stars mostly because you can tell the owner worked hard to make good quality Mexican food, the way it should be made. Definitely the best Mexican fast food you'll find in Edinburgh!
4	I really rate this place! It might not be traditional Tex Mex, but it has great beer, nice food and friendly staff. Pretty much tried all the burrito fillings now I think. Also bonus veggies and vegans can get well fed here so the better half approves too. My fav so far is the haggis burrito either the Veg or regular (starting to realise a lot of my reviews mention haggis mmm).
5	Some people i talk to moan about the service but I have to say it's not that type of place where you sit down and order, as it's get your burrito, pay and eat.  It's simple and basic - which I love. I'm a regular to Jack's and more or less every-time i get a brilliant burrito.  I choose mainly between the Carnitas or the chicken filling or completely go off the scale and order Quesedilla!Defo try the carnitas, I usually go for the mild salsa and the pinto beans.Please don't expect TABLE service because you won't get that and remember to clear your table otherwise chill out and listen to the old school rock!
4	Quick and simple while still serving good filling food I can't fault Illegal Jack's. Be it a bowl of chilli or a burrito, there is very little waiting around, this is Tex-Mex fast-food style. The staff are pleasant and efficient rather than friendly, but that is ok as you won't be interacting with them for longer than it takes to roll a burrito.Alongside the decent food you can get a decent drink, be it BrewDog beer or Thistly Cross cider. All in all Illegal Jack's is a good example of a different way to approach fast-food.
5	I'm a big fan of Mexican food. Actually, looking at me, I'm just a big fan of food... but Mexican especially.Jack's is one of the finest places I've ever eaten any kind of food - and it's by far the best Mexican I've encountered in my travels in Scotland.The decor is bright and friendly, without falling for that WACKY and ZANY trap so many places want to force down your throat these days. The menu is simple to understand - I ordered correctly the first time I visited, idiot proof may well be the word. Looking at the prices, they are slightly higher than other Mexican places I've tried, but you more than get your money's worth in quality AND quantity.Last time I was there, I was pulling a Johnny No Mates and dining alone. I was concerned about getting a seat - enquired on Twitter and reserved a seat there and then. The Twitter feed for Jack's is one of the best customer service providers I've seen in some time - make use of it!My burrito was just the right temperature, made and rolled expertly, and approximately the size of Falkirk. Danged tasty too, it has to be said.It's a 5 minute walk from Haymarket station, even for an anti-fitness freak like me, and in a prime area for getting a taxi or bus afterwards to wherever you may wish to roam.Highly recommended for all Mexican food lovers everywhere. Arrrriba!
1	Meat was really dry...Really greasy with no spice...Was disappointed!...On a side note, I'm wondering if they seasoned either the pork or the beans with  cinnamon...
4	Good tex-mex food for Scotland ;) big and filling! Just wish Britain could figure out how to do mexican (spanish) rice right!
4	Fine restaurant where the food is delicious, service quick and friendly and location is spot on. Carnitas is always good, especially is a burrito!This place always goes down well with all my friends who visit Edinburgh as everyone can find something they like or something new to try on the menu, depending on how adventurous they're feeling!
5	I can't fault this place.I remember first coming here in January 2010 for a celebratory meal after getting a new job. Having lost count of the number of times I've been back since, it's one of my favourite places to eat in Edinburgh. The staff are quick and friendly, the food is top notch, the selection of beers and ciders is great (Brewdog and Thistly Cross? Score one for the local produce!) and it's really making me hungry just typing this now.Only problem is that they're not open 24 hours and they don't deliver!
4	The best Burrito I have had in Scotland. Also when you add the lunch special is only 5 for a burrito and a drink unbeatable. I will say though I was not impressed with the toilets. It was dark and it looked like the cubical handle had broken off a few times. But I can't wait to go back again!
3	I used to really like Illegal Jacks when it first opened, then I moved to Leith, discovered Los Cardos and my burrito alliances changed. We were back at IJ recently for a friend's birthday so I was keen to see how it had changed since I last visited a couple of years ago.It's okay. Most of the group ordered burritos, but I fancied tacos - specifically the hard shell ones Illegal Jacks does. Normally I get half-way through and discover the shell has disintegrated, but this time they actually stayed pretty crispy which was good! The carnitas was odd, seemed quite cinnamony which isn't really what I'd expect and made for a strange flavour combination and not remotely spicy. Also I asked for medium spiced salsa and ended up with the mildest one which was basically just some chopped tomatoes (and I really don't like tomatoes)... hmm, I must have been misheard. The staff too were decidedly production-line like, really different to the friendly guys at LC. My boyfriend, being somewhat merry, was trying to chat to the guy serving us - not obnoxiously or anything, just being friendly - but was completely ignored. The guy did redeem himself somewhat by helping me carry our food to the table though when our food arrived just as my boyfriend nipped to the loo.Oh and they serve Thistly Cross, and a pretty wide selection of it too, which is always good. But it isn't cheap. The food is reasonably priced, but the drinks are expensive.None of it is bad, but it's not great either. You could really do a lot worse than pop by Illegal Jacks if hungry in Tollcross.  I'm giving it 3 stars because it's really okay, it just could (and should) be a lot better.
3	I've been very kind in my rating as I am not a local (from Houston, TX) and have only eaten here once. I dropped in on a whim after working a long shift in Dunfermline as I was staying at the Sheraton across the street. I had high hopes and ordered the wings and a burrito.The burrito was decent. The steak meat was under seasoned and overall the burrito was quite bland. Fortunately they had Louisianan hot sauce to give it some flavor and kick. The wings were odd and not what I expected. The meat was not fried and sauced like I had expected. Their "hot" sauce was extremely mild and was quite tangy.  Personally I would not call this place Tex-mex. How can you have Tex-mex without refried beans, mole, lengua, and menudo?
2	This place is really busy and popular for some reason however I don't understand the appeal. I had a burrito and it was very disappointing, it was huge but did not taste nice at all. I love tex mex usually but will not be returning to this place.
5	Love the food here. I've been 2-3 times over the last couple of years and always had a good meal.I've read through some of the previous comments, and think some of them are a bit unfair. In my opinion, it's good food at a good price, I suppose, it says what it does on the tin!Pulled pork ... delicious!
2	Twice I have been here now and there are only some good things about this place. 1. Fast and Efficient2. No Nonsense approach to order taking.3. Friendly staff4. Good  different food offers4. Usually plenty of spaceAs you can tell the above doesn't mention any food, because I found the food to be luke warm, stodgy and difficult to eat. I had a Burrito - the aluminium  foil kept getting stuck in the dough and irritated my fillings. Nope.
3	Good. Fast. Tasty. But...Rather expensive and venue is a little tacky. Needs to be cleaner, with more modern, more comfortable seating and the extremely loud 80's and 90's hair metal music definitely took away from the ambiance.Would go again just for the veggie chilli nachos which were fab. Loads of tasty veg in there. Aubergine, carrots, peppers. Good portion sizes, though presentation was a bit sloppy.Good with potential for greatness. A Scottish Chipotle.
4	Illegal Jack's built its reputation through the use of social media to publicise the venue and it is still possible to book a table over Twitter and you'll get a personalised reserved sign on your table.The format for buying your food is to queue up and order at the counter where most things like burritos or my particular favourite chilli is prepared in front of you then you go to sit down like famous fast food restaurant brands that I won't mention.The food is really good and as I say, you can't go wrong with the Chilli served with Spanish Rice. There is also a good selection of local beers, including Brewdog and Fyne Ales.There is always a good music selection playing in the background, not so loud that you can't hear yourself talk but no so quiet that you don't notice it being there.
4	Haggis burrito? Uhh...Yes. Illegal Jack's is officially awesome...Myself and a group dropped in here for lunch the other day and I was genuinely impressed. The structure of the place is perfect for a quick lunch, the system being similar to that of Subway, where you go up to the counter, pick and choose what you want and pay at the till. It's quick and easy and removes the hassle of doing lunch in big groups, where ordering alone can be an absolute mission, let alone trying to split the bill.The menu here is great, with all your typical Mexican delights, along with a few more original Scottish options (most of which involved a healthy dose of haggis). The food is fresh and tasty and the portions are beyond humongous!! I couldn't even finish my burrito which, frankly, is not a problem I have very often. The hot salsa was great - just spicy enough to have a kick but still leave your taste buds in tact - and the guacamole was pretty tasty as well.The space itself is pretty basic. We sat along a great big picnic bench table, which was ideal for our larger group. The decor was nothing to write home about, but all in all, it was a nice space.Come here if you're in need of a quick and tasty lunch spot to drop in to over a lunch break from work! It's just what you need!
3	Illegal Jacks is pretty standard fare for many burrito joints I have explored so far in the UK. A reasonable atmosphere but sadly food that fails to excel or impress compared to what you might expect.My experience centred around a haggis burrito, something that I haven't seen offered anywhere else so naturally I was keen to try it. I quickly discovered why this is the only place that offers such an ingredient. I wouldn't recommend the haggis but from what I experienced the beef and chicken are as good as you would expect, so I don't hold that against them.Overall my experience was satisfactory but not outstanding. The atmosphere was pleasant but frankly too dark. The ingredients were generous however some seemed less than fresh and the salsa was watery. A satisfying experience but not the best burrito that Scotland has to offer.
1	I describe this place to people as the racist UK equivalent of Chipotle, but it's really not; Chipotle burritos taste alright. I don't think I have such expectations, even as a Californian, and it should be hard to screw up a bean burrito... When I finally got someone who works there's attention, they served me lukewarm, dry rice, weird "chili" (read: eggplant in tomato sauce), beans, terrible salsa, and a tiny spot of guac. Pretty much all of the ingredient seem to sit in warmers all day. I asked for veggies and they said it would take at least 10 minutes to make something fresh. WTF? And why is the name so racist?! Final nail in the coffin: they only have Louisiana hot sauce.
2	Great beer, terrible burritos.As a native Californian, I was so excited at the prospect of finding a possible Chipotle substitute in Edinburgh but my excitement was quickly abated when I had a look at the dark green fluid they told me was guacamole (and charged me extra for might I add).I had a chicken burrito which for whatever reason was prepared completely lopsided in such a way that the meat was on one side and the mealy flavorless thing they called rice was on the other side. Overall, the burrito lacked seasoning, the chicken was dry, and the dish missed that spicy and citrusy flavour characteristic in real tex mex. Luckily, there was a good selection of beers to soften the blow. But if you are looking for tex mex in Edinburgh, you may be better off getting one of those DIY taco kits in Tesco.
