4	My expectations of chinese delivery places in Gilbert or Mesa are pretty low, but this place is SOO much better than anything we've ordered in the area before.I'm actually eating my kung pao chicken now and was moved by its yumminess to hop on Yelp and write a quick review.The portions are very generous.  The food is actually pretty darn good and they deliver.
5	As good as it gets FOR chinese delivery! this is my new fav kung pao chicken- i ordered it extra spicey and suggest you do the same. the guy on the phone recommended the orange chicken but he's crazy, it's not very good. i will def be a regular w that kung pao, yum yum yum!!!
1	Possibly the worst chinese I've ever had. Very slow service.kung pow chicken was bland and the beef with string beans was better, but not much. I give it one star because it was close to my house.
1	This place only gets one star because the system will not let me post the comment without any stars. I would never eat here again. We ordered delivery, as I am moving and packing. This place about a mile from my home. When speaking with the woman who answered the phone, she couldn't understand what I was asking for and I couldn't understand her broken English. I was promised our order within 45 minutes. I called back after an hour and was told it would be here in 5 minutes. 15 minutes later our food arrived, an hour an 15 min after I had ordered. We ordered Tso's chicken, chicken lo mien, vegetable fried rice, and fried wontons. The Tso's Chicken was over cooked and dry. Also, had a gamey after-taste. Is chicken ever supposed to have a gamey taste? BARF! I had one bite and we threw it out and questioned if it were actually chicken or not. The fried rice and lo mien were ok. Nothing to write home about and nothing I would ever order again. They were edible. The pork in the wontons was that milled or ground pork. I do not prefer this type of pork and wasnt in love with the dish either. Due to the long delivery time and the gamey taste of our chicken, not to mention nothing was still hot when it got here.. I would never eat here again. I do not recommend anyone eat here!BARF!!
1	Really REALLY bad food! This is NOT a good chinese place. Not indicative of good chinese food at all. I ordered from here by accident and I would NEVER order from them again. The food was bland and flavorless. And at the end of the night, it didn't sit well with me.  And in addition, they said it would take 1 hour to deliver, it actually took 2 hours. Arrived, the food was cold and soggy. There is a MUCH MUCH MUCH better restaurant in Gilbert if you really want chinese food. It's on Gilbert and Baseline. Look it up - you won't be dissappointed! Sorry China Gourmet, I gave you a fair shot - spent $50 on a variety of food and none of it was good. And adding insult to injury, the fried chicken was black (as if it was spoiled). REALLY???? UGH
4	This hole in the wall is more than meets the eye.  I''ve tried my luck at nearly every chinese takeout spot in the East Valley, and I can definitively say the food at China Gourmet impressed me the most.PROS: Made from scratch.  Heaping portions at very reasonable prices.  Quality far exceeds expectations.  Single-handedly raises the bar for local take-out.CONS:  Made from scratch.  So the wait time is fairly substantial (20-25 minutes in my case). Doesn't look like much from the outside.  Very small, only three tables and no restroom. Definitely intended to be a take-out only kind of place.Recommendation: The teriyaki beef was incredible, and not at all what I was expecting.  Instead of chopped beef in the thick teriyaki glaze I'm accustomed to, theirs was a thinner marinade that soaked completely through the meat.  Every piece was consistently tender and loaded with flavor.  I'd never had teriyaki of this caliber, and definitely didn't expect it from a little hole in the wall like this. Paid 8.95 for an order that could easily feed two with leftover.The best, by far, was the hot and sour soup.  It put anything I'd tried previously to shame.  It was 2.50 for a quart, and short of Thai Chili's Tom Yum, it's the best hot and sour you'll find in the valley.  If you happen to be in the area, it's definitely worth a shot.  Make time, so you can afford the wait, and you won't be disappointed.
1	This place is exactly why I rarely eat Chinese anymore instead favoring the lighter, fresher Vietnamese food. Staying at Best Western and had delivery. So was not expecting it to be excellent because delivery by its nature just can't be so. Time for Delivery - Took 1.5 hours to arrive and when it did it was terrible. Sesame chicken - He said it was OK but I think it had too much batter but at least it was sort of crispy still considering it was delivery. Wonton soup - no flavor what so ever. Thick wontons partly cooked.Pan fired noodles - tough, under cooked. Horrible brown sauce but meat/shrimp quality was sort of OK  as far as I could tell under the brown sauce.Pork fried rice - What pork fried rice? What we got was 3 containers of brown rice The  Sesame Chicken  platter  was supposed to have pork fired rice which was not to be found in the bag.  But there were many containers of the gummy yet tough how does that happen brown rice.  Even I can cook brown rice better.Egg Rolls - Horrid! Enough said on those other than one was supposed to be a shrimp one and I never saw or tasted any shrimp.I am from Denver and we have lots of good Asian food there. China Gourmet was no comparison to what it should have been even with the most mediocre Chinese food found in Denver.
5	I love Chinese food! Great Food! Worth for waiting! So glad found this place, I will come back for more! Highly recommend!
3	I could only give this place a 3 out of 5.  They used to be a 5, however lately the general tso chicken has been way over cooked and too crunchy.  It used to be lightly breaded and tender, but not in the last 2-3 times, sure hope they did not loose there awesome cook.   I order the kung pao chicken, which is always good, it just seems to be the fried things are not being breaded or done like they used to.  Sure hope that changes
