5	Wood fired pizzas, scrumptious pasta dishes and bacon wrapped shrimp.  How can you go wrong with a place that wraps things in bacon.  C'mon, even  veggies admit that things wrapped in bacon are good!  Has a smokey atmosphere and a slight bar crowd but the food is outstanding.
3	Can get very crowded and smokey most nights, show up early and get a good seat in a booth or grab a beer at the bar, park in the back of the building if the front is crowded.  Nice selection of beers on tap, not just your usually domestics.  Good selection of wine....and the food is pretty good too.  Very spicy so expect it, don't go here and ask for mild food, just won't happen.  And prepare to laugh at the $27 fish tacos that's always on the special board...haha, most expensive fish tacos in the universe by far.  Very consistent eats, always spicey yet flavorful and good.
4	Really fun atmosphere.  Good music.  Dark and intimate.  Large private booths are perfect for chillin' with a group of friends.  The food is heavy and the portions are very very large.  I am not in love with the fish dishes.  But the meat dishes are really tasty - I had the most fantastic pork tenderloin here...  this is a nice place to take out-of-towners for a casual upscale meal with local flavor and atmosphere.In the spirit of full disclosure, I would like to add there I don't consider much of the menu to be true "cuisine of New Mexico".  I am from New Mexico, so I know what I am talking about. (fyi - Carlsbad Tavern in South Scottsdale is the most authentic New Mexico cuisine I have had in the Valley).  As Omer notes, it is smoky and the food is hit or miss.  I came here for lunch and was not at all impressed.  However, I was won over when I came here for dinner with a group of friends.  This is a fun place at night and several dishes are quite good.
5	I hardly ever get past their carne adovada. It's simply amazing. Add a couple of extra homemade tortillas to it? Can't be beat! I have had their pecan crusted sea bass also, along with lamb chops (chipotle?) both very, very good. Great atmosphere, friendly, competent staff...a winning combination. Get there early! Long waits after 6:00pm!!
4	This is stuff that is hard to get in SF.  On a business trip to Phoenix, I had the pleasure to try some truly good Southwest cooking.  For SF, it would be considered a true hole-in-the-wall.Had the blackened cat fish and it was delicious.  Everyone in the party enjoyed their meal.  Nice local ambiance and yes there is smoking in the restaurant.Would definitely go back.
5	Damn, I totally thought I'd be the first one to write about this place, but obviously, I am mistaken.In a strip mall next to a computer store and a pool supply shoppe stands this intimate venue, which would be great for a date.  However, when life doesn't treat you to a hot date in Phoenix, it will do nicely for a good night with 3 co-worker / friends.  Casual yet nice.  Good music, yet nothing I recognized.  Killer platters -- I recommend the New Mexican Platter (tamale, relleno, chicken burrito, beans, rice).  It was so dark in there, I couldn't exactly tell what I was eating until it got into my mouth.  After I moved the relleno off the other items, I would get a piece of tasty chicken (ahh, the burro).  A piece of meat (love the tamale).  Cheesy beans n' rice (but so much better than the standard combo platter at a Mexican restaurant) rounded off the platter.Taste-o-rama galore.
4	Richardson's may be one of New Mexico's best-kept secrets -- so well kept it's improbably located in a Phoenix, AZ strip mall. The place feels so authentic it's like you're dining in an Anasazi cliff pueblo on a desert night. YEAH -- it's like that. Get some of that extra-spicy green chile if you want to have a good cry. The place is small and often packed (and its clientele is understandably enthusiastic), but if southwest cuisine is your bag, it's well worth the trip and any wait for a table.
4	I seriously have no idea how I missed this place for so long. I went to the Baskin Robbins that is next door to Richardson's probably every other week of my childhood, yet my parents never took us here. A month or so ago, a friend of mine was raving about this place in my former stomping grounds that I had never been to. Frankly, it was a little embarrassing. Especially when I finally did go there, and realized the food here is AMAZING. New Mexican Cuisine sounds a little intense but it is basically Southwestern, like Tex Mex only way, way, way better. The only detractor from this spot is that it is brutally smokey in there, which should be fixed come April with the new law that will hit. Once it does, it's five stars for Richardson's.
3	Nice place, can get really crowded on happy hour on just about any day. It remains a trendy place were people like to see and be seen, which is fine if you need that kind of thing and don't feel like driving to Scottsdale. Food is very good though pricey, and cost of drinks is commensurate. Star is knocked off due to bad memories. Went here with a woman who asked me out, then got stuck not only with our bill, but the bill of two of her male friends that joined us. And one spent much of the night bragging about his many custom homes under development. Didn't even get laid.
5	The minute you walk in, you feel the intimacy, smell the pecan wood, the spicy food.  Richardson's is an entire sensory overload.  Highly Recommend.  I had the Red, Blue and White Enchiladas and they were excellent.  My finace had the pork adovada and it was quite delicious as well.  Richardson's is great for a date, double date or family of 6 or less.
2	It was a bright and shinny afternoon when I strolled into the darken cavern that is Richardson's for an early dinner.   With only 1 other table occupied, the waitress staunchly refused to seat me until my entire party arrives --- in this case, the 2 other people that would double the current occupancy level of the restaurant.  I am getting an inkling that this may not be the pleasant dinning experience that I was hoping for.  After 10 minutes of cooling my heels on the hot asphalt lot, my wayward friends arrived and we were granted permission to sit.  The menu had odd notes of randomness...Chicken Cordon Bleu...really?  We ended up ordering New Mexico Sausages, Carne Asovada and the Relleno Platter.  The sausages were the best of the lot.  While the relleno was decent, it wasn't anything worth walking the hot parking lot for.  As for the Carne Asovada, the flavoring was so subtle that we couldn't actually taste any...ended up asking for chile sauce.  It took some effort to flag down the waitress since the occupancy level doubled yet again (meaning there is now ~ 10 customers in the restaurant)...but finally, the waitress got us 2 house-made sauces in tiny bowls.  The sauces were okay and did improve the flavor the pork (especially since it was completely bland before)...but any remaining iota of good will from this better-late-than-never gesture was completely banished when we got the bill and realized that we were charged for each of these 2 additional sauces.     Did the so-call cool quotient or the slightly above average food made up for the service?  I don't think so.  But hey if you're feeling masochistic and want to pay to be treated badly then head on over to Richardson.  Would have given 3 stars for the food alone.
4	It is always busy. That means food has to be prepared fresh. Everything I had is always good. You can get some real spicy hot New Mexico style cooking although there are many foo foo dishes. It is a little pricey.
5	Great date place - dark and intimate and the food is good. Not fancy , but that doesn't make it cheap. There's a good bar and nice cozy booths to sink into. The wait can be long but just have a prickly pear margarita and you'll be fine with it. Their chicken dish - i can't remember the name right now but it's stuffed with peppers and spinach and cheese - is great!
5	Some of the hottest food in the valley. Some dishes are incindiary. BUT, they also have some of the best food too. Fantastics. During peak times, the place can be packed. If you dont like New Mexico chile peppers, this is not the place for you.. FULL BAR
4	Let's just get this out of the way first, this place makes one serious steak. As in, I have trouble getting out of my seat to walk to my car after finishing one. Richardson's is real southwestern food. Southwestern food with a lot of original ingredients and some serious kick. there's always good music playing. The decor is awesome at this place. It's real dark and relaxing. Big booths with pillows in them as well.  Combine that with the bar serving out some awesome drinks, and it's pretty hard to pry me out of my booth. Even without the huge steak mentioned before.
5	I'm from LA and went to Richardson's while in town for the weekend. All I have to say is WOW. Food was great, nice atmoshphere, and friendly waitstaff. Great grilled meats & New Mexican food.   Highly recommend the tomatillo toast. The pork enchiladas were really nice as well.
5	The Sunday brunch is amazingTheir food is great, however, very spicy if there are any wussies reading thisAt night, the restaurant tends to get PACKED, so be prepared for a little wait.During happy hour, they sometimes give out free food!
5	This is a great, great place. packed yes, worth it, yes. Bad side..um..maybe not as "new mexican" as new mexico- but I'll take it.
4	Richardson's sounded like a fun place for a good New Mexican meal on our short trip to Phoenix. It's located in a tiny strip mall, which was odd. Inside, it was dark, loud and packed when we arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night. Luckily we found 2 open seats at the counter around the bar, so we didn't really have to wait. We weren't quite sure how the menu worked, and unfortunately the waiter didn't do a good job explaining that seemingly everything except the soups and salads were served with beans and rice, thus making everything entree-sized. We chose to share everything, and we started with the skewers and the grilled shrimp, which are wrapped in bacon. Both dishes were served with 4 dipping sauces (the same 4 on both plates, I believe), and both were cooked perfectly. The meats on the skewers were tender and juicy, even the shrimp, which is so easy to over-cook. The grilled shrimp was delicious as well. I couldn't see the sauces, but everything I tried was yummy. I limited my rice/bean intake to save room for the next dish, but I was filling up fast.For our entree, we shared the carne adovada, which came highly recommended by so many reviews on Yelp and Chowhound. And rightly so! I wished I wasn't so full already! The pork was meltingly tender, and the red chile sauce was thick, smokey and spicy. I was stuffed, but I couldn't stop nibbling, it was that good! I would have taken the leftovers home, if we weren't staying in a hotel, as I'm sure this is even better the next day, after all the flavors have melded together. I'm looking for a recipe now so I can try to replicate this dish at home. It was THAT GOOD! Seriously, Richardson's is a good place to check out for a delicious New Mexican dinner. Expect a wait if you want a table, but if you can handle sitting at the counter or bar (getting bumped once in a while), no worries. We were only in Phoenix for a few days, and this was the best meal I had.
2	After someone RAVED about the carne adovada on Chowhound, I knew I had to have it.  Unfortunately, I wasn't awed at all: the pork wasn't very tender and the sauce was really rather bland.  I wanted to try the posole, but the server almost refused to let me order it, saying it was a "meal in itself."  The portions were pretty big, and it's funny how prices fluctuate from 8$ (the soup) to 30$ (the fish specials).We went on a Sunday night and there was no wait.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is cute and homey, with a fireplace that's looks a little strange next to the huge flat-screen TVs behind the bar.I don't get it.  Maybe it was an off-night?  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Hum.
4	When I think of Richardson's, I feel warm and cozy inside.  I've been on several occasions and I love the atmosphere... I always have a good time at this hidden little gem of the city.The 'Cuisine of New Mexico' is unique... they are known for their green chile potato as well as several other pork dishes.  I usually go for the fish or seafood specials... they have a standard menu and then specials posted on chalk boards around the restaurant.Most recently I enjoyed the blackened scallop appetizer as my entree along with a huge house salad.  The scallops were a little bit salty but cooked just right.  They were served on a tortilla with rice, beans, and a yummy spicy sauce.  Their salads are really tasty, and many of the entree specials come with a starter salad.  I went with a group of 4 and we had a couple of bottles of wine and a plain pizza as an appetizer to share.  Needless to say, none of us had room for dessert!Be prepared for a crowd whenever you go, but enjoy your company and the people around you.  Call ahead and make a reservation if you can...  if you do have to wait, sit at the bar or by the fireplace; you can't complain once you have a drink in hand and the scent of the fire mixed with hot food and good energy.  I'll be back again soon, Richardson's!
4	"So, Stephy, what do you feel like eating for dinner tonight?""Cozy!""Is Cozy a cuisine?"It is at Richardson's. Wow, talk about walking into a place and instantly feeling welcome, warm, cozy and yummy. Now let it be said, right here and now, that the whole "New Messico" food is not really up my alley. Tex Mex, do they call it? Newp, not my thing at all, but good hearty comfort food on a chilly night always sounds good and so we ventured on over to Richardson's to see what they were cooking up.But first...wine. (You can't order food without wine, duh.)So, we ordered a tasty bottle of Chilean red (imagine that, me, order a spicy red, nooo!!) and as the four of us waited for our table we looked over the menu and read the many specials up on the boards. Fish seemed to be the hot dish of the night, but once I saw one of my favorite words....SCALLOPS...it was kind of a no brainer as to what I was gonna order.We then were seated in a super cozy booth in the back and after the four of us devoured the pizza app we ordered it was time to order the main attractions. The boys had Chimayo chicken and the carne adovada and Gabi K and I tried the scallop appetizer and the special scallop pasta. Sadly this is where the review goes south...SALT. There's a reason you often hear the word "pinch" next to "salt." If it's over done, yikes, it's just gross and their blackened coating is like a salt lick. Which was sucha  bummer, because those scallops were cooked to perfection, but after attempting to scrape off the blackening on 4 of them, I finally just gave up. Perhaps the way to go is to just ask for them grilled. I think they would be superb then, but stay away from the salty blackened option.Other than that minor thing, I really enjoyed our experience here. The waiter was a great sport considering we had two comedians with us and put up with all of our silliness. The only other thing was the check sitch. I guess they don't like to split a check more than 2 ways. Eventually they split ours 3 ways after persisting, so i might suggest asking ahead of time if they can split the bill if you are planning on anymore than two cards.:)
4	i really love this restaurant. We just discovered it about a month ago and have already been three times...and we are planning to go again this weekend. The ambiance of the restaurant is perfect. Especially in the winter with the crackling fireplace. Everything we ordered was perfectly cooked and really tasty. The service is also very friendly. Be sure to try the chile potato and a margarita.The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because of it's lack of vegetarian entree's. However, the veggie food they do have is excellent.
4	Like most Phoenix restaurants, you can't judge by the outside.  You walk in and it is transformed into a warm inviting living room.  I loved the seafood options and really loved the margaritas- too much so.
5	Here is my recommendation, try anything here (it's ALL GOOD!).  However my favorite is brunch here.  You must try a Bloody Mary...they make them with NM Red Chile instead of Tabasco...it's delish.  Foodwise, I recommend the Enchiladas & Eggs...add green Chile, chicken and you have a feast suitable for the Gods.  This is definitely a splurge spot, but it's my favorite.  I have had probably over 50% of the menu and all is good.  This place is tiny...so it can be tough to grab a seat, but well worth the wait if you have your heart set on some Amazing NM food!Plus, let's care it...with enough Bloody Mary's EVERYTHING tastes awesome!
5	Richardson's is often described as fanastic, but a little pricey. Now I'm not the wealthiest man, but I have to disagree. For the quality of ingredients and the portions that are generous to even a fat man, you can't call Richardson's plates expensive. Not to mention, I usually get something off the Santa Fe Trail side of the menu which is usually $10-$15. Then there's the brunch menu, carrying my favorite enchiladas and eggs. For ten bucks I get a hot manhole cover size plate with two shrimp enchiladas, two eggs, beans, potatoes and green sauce, that's a gift for the money.  There is also a special place in my heart for the GCP, a twice baked sweet potato in a hatch green chili, stunning.
3	I'm over it.New Mexican food, I mean.Its probably unfair for me to review this place then, given my 180 on this supposed cuisine.  After all, if you're gonna eat NM southwestern in the Valley, for all i know, this could be the place.But then again, Babe's cabaret could be the sweetest spot in the Valley to eat pusscake, but I'd never know because I wouldn't dare venture there or steer anyone towards such vile fare.What Richardson's is, is average food in a slightly cool/mostly corny (pardon the pun) environment, where everyone is yupped-out and nodding to each other about their green chile palates.  Meh.  I'd rather be in the 2nd grade lunch line on sloppy joe day.I will admit that its a decent spot to grab a pre-festivities drink.  And they DID hit one out of the pueblo with their other venture, Rokerij.  So, I'll give them a couple extra gold stars to stick up on their weekly chart.
3	(3.5 stars)  I've eaten here three times and I'd normally give this place 3 stars because it's pretty good, but not outstanding.  However, this message does not apply to two items on the menu (which happen to be two of my favorite things in the world): chili and cheese enchiladas.  The chili is really, really good.  I've only had the red chili, which from my understanding, is the more mild in flavor.  Could've fooled me as it was pretty spicy and very flavorful.  They knew what they were doing with this chili.  The cheese enchiladas in red sauce were also fantastic.  I think the menu actually has them as chicken, cheese, and shrimp (?), one of each, but I just like them all cheese.  And they were good.  So those two delicious dishes bump this place up a half star.
3	I've been here a couple of times and while the food is pretty good, this is by no means a diamond in the rough.  The food tends to be on the spicy side so make sure you don't mind some heat or tell the waiter to go easy.  Also, the place is not very large and tends to be somewhat claustrophobic and dark.  It's difficult to see what you are eating which in my opinion takes away some of the appeal.
4	My favourate New Mexican restaurant in the valley.  Perfect place for getting together with a group of friends for dinner and drinks.
5	This is a wonderfully cozy restaurant with spicy, flavorful and unique dishes. Why do I love this place so much- almost all booth seating w/ throw pillows, candle light, and they advertise that they do not have booster seats or high chairs.  It is always packed, you should probably make a reservation or good luck getting a table. Try the elephant garlic appetizer- it's kind of like chips and dip, but the elephant garlic takes the place of the chips. It is delicious and gooey. Of course, you might want to refrain if you are on a hot date. I've had pasta and enchilada dishes, all wonderful. It's not really traditional New Mexican, I think the menu just borrows ingredients and flavors and makes new creations.  I like spicy food, so I personally wouldn't say it is too spicy.  But, all you wimps out there might! This is a great place for a small group or a date (as long as you make a reservation).  A true Phoenix treasure that you must try.
3	I work in the South West and I feel like if you don't want to eat at chain restaurant you're only other option is Tex Mex.  Don't get me wrong I like the Mex it's the Tex that throws me.  Luckily, there are some pretty good ones and Richardson's in Phoenix is one of them.Both David and I ordered the Blue Corn Smoked Turkey Enchiladas and an order of Guacamole.  The moment the Guacamole arrived David dumped our salsa all up on it. "Trust me," he says.  He was right the guacamole salsa combo was delicious.  So too were the Blue Corn Turkey Enchiladas.  The turkey meat was moist, yummy, and had just the right amount of smoke.  We both went with the green chile and we definitely didn't regret the choice.  I'm becoming a bit of a green chile snob and Richardson's does a good job.The interior looks like a Mexican cultural museum.  The walls and booths are very organic in appearance and designed to look like a pueblo.  I though the copper table tops were a nice touch.  The service was prompt, but nothing too special.  The u shaped bar in the middle of the restaurant seems to be a bit of a hot spot for locals.  With good food and great ambiance, Richardson's will definitely be added to my go to list when in Phoenix.1 Guacamole2 Turkey Enchilada---------------------------$32
5	This is the best meal i've had since i've been commuting to AZ from NY.  the food is so so good and the setting is comfortable and warm.I can't say enough how much I enjoyed this place.  I think it will become a weekly haunt.I had one of the fish specials and the sauce was just amazing.  Everything I had was great.
4	Wife and I really like this place.  It still has its hole in the wall feel but is very popular and sometimes crowded.  The menu is broken down to a southwest fusion side and straightforward New Mexican side.  Both are very good and very spicy.  The brunch is very good on Sunday.  Priced can be a bit high but quantity and quality of food is very good as well.
5	Richardson's was a staple for me when I lived in Phoenix plus it was walking distance for me. Beware if you plan on going after 6pm any night of the week you will be waiting for a table, but don't forget to check dick's hideaway right around the corner, same menu, different spot. All the drinks are great, the prickly pear marg is a must. The food is delicious. I have had everything on the menu and I swear for the garlic platter, the crusted Chilean sea bass (when they have it), The trio plate( pork tenderloin, fillet, and rack of lamb, the relleno platter, the rack of lamb. The burger is great, the chimayo chicken, in all reality you can order anything on the menu and it will be great. The only thing I have had that I wouldn't order again was the tamales but I make my own so I am biased. The atmosphere is dark and sexy. It is a nice comfy place, very small and packed but nice. The service is always good. They have great deals on wine before 4pm. And let us not forget they serve the best breakfast in town on the weekends!
5	Dick's/Richardson's is probably my favorite restaurant in the valley. The interior is small, dark and with a modern Santa Fe style. Because of the wait i usually end up at Dick's just around the corner, which is really just an extension of Richardson's. Dick's consists of a bar with a handful of tables it also has a room connected for private parties which they occasionally open so remember to ask if they have tables available at Dick's if Richardson's is packed. I plan on going there many more times to try as many things as possible because frankly it all sounds good and I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered. The services matches the quality of the food as well.Living close to Richardson's/Dick's makes trying new places difficult knowing that I could have easily gone to Richardson's instead.They also have Dos Equis amber on tap (as well as lager) which should be as mandatory for a Mexican cuisine restaurant as a bathroom.
5	This place is a home run, plain and simple.  I've eaten here many times, from a duo to a Friday office lunch and it's yet to disappoint me.  Tamales, white pizza, red chile pork, it is really really all good!!
3	After all of the great reviews (even non yelpers) I couldn't wait to try this place out.  My rack of lamb was not very tender, my brother-in-law thought his Santa Fe chicken was decent, but nothing to write home about, my husband  LOVED his beef and pork rellenos.  I did think the whole tavern like ambiance was great, good place to go to cool down and get away from all that Phoenix sunshine.  They use big martini glasses and don't fill them up.  Big no-no with martini drinkers.  Use a smaller glass and fill the sucker up!!!  Waiter was efficient, but don't expect a lot of side talk which I attribute to the fact that this place is hopping.  If you drink your alcohol with very little sweet stuff, avoid the pear margarita which everyone seems to rave about.All in all, I will try this place again.  They attract a good clientele which is always a plus and again the restaurant as a whole has a good vibe.  Maybe next time I'll just order my vodka straight up in a shot glass and get the guac and chips...?
4	This place is GREAT! I live close enough to walk and it does make going anywhere else challenging.It is very loud in the restaurant, so if you want to talk to the group you are going with, not the best option. The service lately has been very sporadic, but used to be great. Food is unbelievable, I"m a big fan of the blue corn enchiladas with shrimp (very spicy). Beer on tap is not the best, dos equis is only available in the bar not in the restaurant and the drinks are a bit pricey. Overall, if you havent been here you should! Make a reservation.
4	Richardson's is wonderful! It is so cozy and romantic. Generations of love birds have enjoyed dates at Richardson's and hopefully many more to come! I am vegetarian and I always get the Garlic Pizza. It is just sooooooooo good. There are limited items on the menu for vegetarians but so worth it!! Music is good, atmosphere is good, food is good!Love it.
4	My husband and I had a great late dinner here.  We had been told by a neighbor it was a "hole in the wall", so we were a little surprised by the (slightly high) price of the entrees.  The food was delicious (we got the vegetarian tamales) and the service was great.  We sat and had a drink at the bar while waiting and had great service throughout.  The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because it may be slightly pricy and they don't have a lot of menu options for vegetarians.  Otherwise, great spot.
5	Yeah, yeah, I know there are already like fifty-something reviews for this place, most of them four or five stars, I don't care. Here's one more, another twig on the bonfire celebrating Richardson's awesomeness...The food's the same awesome New Mexican cuisine as Dick's Hideway around the corner, but eating here is a totally different experience. The dark pueblo interior with Native American rugs surrounding the high-backed booths provides a great deal of privacy for you and your party. I recommend any and all of the seafood dishes - my favorites include the shrimp quesadilla and the scallops... OMG the scallops, so good when I think about 'em they make me lose control and type text message shorthand like "OMG". Of course my friends constantly remind me that as much as I love the food here, I can't truly appreciate it because I don't eat the meat dishes, which, according to them, are even better. And they're probably right. They usually are.Went with a group of 6 last week, which seems to be about as large as the booths at Richardson's can handle (for much larger groups there's a private room available at Dick's). Service was super friendly and extremely efficient. Yeah, it can be a little pricy depending on what you order, but in my opinion, totally worth it. Sometimes you gotta splurge.
2	I hate giving this place a 2 star review because after all it was one of the first places I went on a date with Michael (think it might have been the 2nd date).  I have such fond memories of the food and experience here I have always wanted to come back again.  Well last night 4 years later we made it back for dinner.  Let me start off saying that I love the atmosphere of Richardson's... dimly lit with deep booths so you feel like you and whomever you are with are the only people there.  We were sat promptly by the hostess we sat there looking over the menu for some time... nothing seemed to appeal to us.  Then we realized that we were looking at the lunch menu... oops.  So we got a couple dinner menus from the server and we perused that for a bit.  I settled on the green chili stew and a house salad and Michael had the Relleno Plate.  Mine was pretty spicy which I don't mind at all, but it really seemed to lack in flavor.  I have had spicy food that was so good I just kept eating it... it was not the case tonight.  The salad was really good though and huge... plenty for two people.  Michael seemed to enjoy his food although it was so hot (not spicy, hot from being in the oven) he had to wait awhile to start eating.  We did enjoy the wine we had with dinner, but we knew what we were getting because we had it with dinner at the Rokerij last week:).  Btw the reason that they don't get 3 stars is because the service was extremely slow... they were not that busy.
5	Great place to have dinner with good friends. Sit at the bar and wait for your table. I always order from the specials menu - never disappointed. Crowded every night of the week, but worth the wait. Great brunch as well. One of the best small neighborhood joints.
5	FUN atmosphere, lots going on for a late dinner.  Food was really solid, I should have branched out more than the enchiladas, which were good regardless.
4	Another "cheers" to Richardson's. My cousin took me here for the first time two years ago. I've walked away satisfied. Portions are huge so I've been able to make two meals out of one usually. The green chile potato, or GCP as the kids call it, is really yummy. Last time I went, I had the relleno platter with roasted green chiles and a small house salad. The salad was nothing special and drenched in ranch dressing. But at least the waiter was very decent in telling me that he would get me a $4 one instead of the $7 which is what's on the menu. He didn't think it was fair to not warn me how much food that would be. But the beans were very flavorful and with the rice, it certainly didn't taste like the usual heaviness that comes from something out of like an El Torito's or Chevy's. And I think everyone should try the garlic toast platter. Richardson's does a good job of setting itself apart. And the decor is inviting with the copper tables and dimmed lighting. Good for a date or just to hang with a friend.
4	4 Stars.Come here for the drinks if nothing else... After a couple of "Specials", you'll be really feeling it!Again, one of my ol' haunts ten years ago. Richardson's has changed very, very little in that amount of time. The cuisine that Richardson's serves is supposedly New Mexican Mexican, but the entrees that I had reflected very little use of Chili Peppers which New Mexican cuisine is well-known for.The only evident physical change I could see was a smaller wait-area where there was a few 3-4 person tables to sit at while you waited for your permanent booth was converted into a permanent table. Other than that, this was the same ol' Richardson's. One of the loudest, yuppiest crowds in all of Phoenix!On the menu today...Top Shelf Margarita Special (**** 1/2 $15.00) Don Julio Tequila, Prickly Pear, Orange Juice, and Lime Juice. Wow! Sweet and Toxic! With all the fruity ingredients... reminded me of a tropical drink.Skewers (***** $15.00) Two Wood-Grilled Chicken, Beef Tenderloin, Pork Sausages, served over Wood Oven Roasted Sweet Onions... on a bed of Barbecue Beans, Mexican Rice, Barbecue Dip, and a Mustard Dip on a Flour Tortilla Bed. Defined as an Appetizer on the Lunch Menu, we decided to share this dish as a side order. Beef was tender and succulent! Green Chile Stew (*** 1/2 $14.00) Green Chile, Beef Tenderloin, Potatoes, and Carrots with Melted Cheddar Cheese over a Flour Tortilla. The most New Mexican of the entrees we had today... mainly because of the Green Chile which produced a serious bite to the Stew. Ruined, though, by the lack of knowledge of how to cook Carrots in a Stew! Carrots were almost raw... everything else in the Stew had been simmered for awhile, except for the Beef.... Carrots provided a crunchiness that was distracting and not needed in a Stew.Gumbo Pasta (** $16.00) Black Bean Linguine in a Pepper Cream Sauce with Jumbo Shrimp, Sausage, Chicken, and Roasted Peppers over a Flour Tortilla. This was supposed to remind you of Gumbo? The only ingredients that are vaguely Gumbo-ish are just the Shrimp and the Sausage! NOT! Expected a lot more from this entree.Service (****) Our waitress was pulling a double shift... Afternoons at Richardson's and Evenings at Rokerij (just up a few blocks on 16th Street). She was prompt, efficient, and talkative. When the evening rolls around, though, I notice that service drops off considerably... but that can be rectified by just stopping your waitress as she walks by... Simple.In summary, a 26 year-old business that will last quite a few more decades. Recommended. Innovative entrees that work most of the time... but infrequently bombs, also.
5	So this past weekend was one of gluttony -- one of my close friends from Indy and her b-f (a chef) came to visit me.I knew I needed to bring my A-game while they were here.  Luckily Friday night I brought them to Richardson's.  I just can't explain how wowwed I was by our food.  We started with the roasted garlic appetizer.  It was an elephant (not a misnomer) clove of garlic that was roasted, so when you peeled the cloves, only mushy, garlicy goodness came out.  It was served with toasted slices of baguette and this incredible cheesy, chile pepper queso that was amazing.We should have just not ordered entrees, because we wolfed down so much of the appetizer that we didn't have a lot of room for dinner - but yet, we pressed on...I had the green chile pork enchiladas.  They were absolutely amazing.  The rice and beans that came with them were oh-so-tasty too.  Karen got the fish tacos -- she really enjoyed them, but prefers a tortilla to a crunchy shell.  Thom (the chef) got one of the fish specials, and loved pretty much everything on his plate, although he wasn't too wowwed by the green chile mashed potatoes.  I thought they were pretty yummy myself.The service was OK.  The guy wasn't super friendly, which I think blows, especially considering the fact that it's a fairly pricey restaurant.The iffy service aside, I will absolutely be coming back, and urge ANYBODY that likes southwestern food to run, don't walk, to Richardson's.
4	I have never wanted to give a 5 star rating as much as I want to give Richardson's one... and despite the most amazing food I have ever tasted.. I cannot give you 5, Richardson's, because the bartender/server left a lot to be desired. Maybe if we had sat at a table versus the bar, it would have been different, but it wasn't, so I have to Yelp accordingly. I will admit, the temperature was perfect, the ambiance was great, the bathrooms had those thick towel/paper towel hybrids and I had outstanding company, but boy oh boy.. the bartender had quite the stick up his behind. Anyway, um... the huevos rancheros with red sauce.. eggs scrambled.. was literally the best thing I have ever eaten in all my life. I literally wanted to sit there and digest fully so that I could eat it again. I must say that the best part about this place is the menu.. and how it specifically states "high chairs and booster seets will not be provided." Yes, that's right, this place is not kid friendly, which is fine by me!This place rules. The food rules. I will be back, and hopefully said bartender will have removed the stick and I can update with 5 stars :)
4	Outstanding New Mexican cuisine.  One of the only joints in the downtown Phoenix area with honest-to-god green chile.  Fantastic brunch/breakfast menu (I love me some carne adovada with eggs). NM plates are always tasty.  Fresh fish specials are unbelievable when they hit.  It ain't cheap, the wait can be a bear (reservations are a good idea), and the service can be spotty, but the food is unbeatable.Dick's around the corner has the same menu in a different setting.
4	UPDATE: Richardsons has recently raised its prices due to increasing expenses overall, food is still fantastic and we'll keep going, just not as often. Its definitely a quality restaurant in a sea of standards.
3	Large portion of the pork.  Can't forget the Green Chili side dish, it was very unique and fluffy.  I sat at the bar, so I didn't a fill of the specials for the night.  It wasn't until I dug into the pork that I noticed a slew of seafood specials on the wall.  The pork was very moist and did not suffer the overcooked dry pork dish that you may find at many other restaurants.A very dark atmosphere, wish there were at least a little bit more light.
4	One of my favorite spots in Phoenix, Richardson's always seems to cure me of whatever is ailing me with a Prickly Pear Margarita and a healthy dose of scorching chiles.  Don't let the location (a dingy strip mall) or the laid-back waiters fool you - the food is top notch and a bit upscale.  The dark restaurant and tucked away booths make the place seem like the setting for a clandestine meeting.  Chile Relleno and the Carne Adovada are both toothsome, while the enchiladas are a treat for cheese lovers and chile fiends alike.  Richardson's makes the distinction that they are New Mexican cuisine, and although they are not what you would find in Mom and Pop Albuquerque, they are still a red and green driven menu.  Definitely worth a trip!
2	I have tried Richardson's on a number of occasions, none of which were busy.  Mainly I've gone because it serves dinner until midnight, is close and has been recommended by friends.First off, know that the parking chews.  An old school angled strip mall lot that is on much too busy of a corner to approach from the 'wrong' direction.  Second, they never seem to know who is supposed to be seating people.  Is there a host?  Is the bartender staring at you and your guests blankly while taking a phone call supposed to do it?  The second time I snagged a menu and plopped myself down. On none of my three visits have I entered the door and received my drink in less than a 15 minute interval.Ok, now for some positives!  The dark, candlelit decor is quite relaxing.  I also enjoy the copper topped bar and large pillows in the booths to bolster us shorter folk.Maybe this place is just not for everyone.  There are some tasty dishes I've come across but their sides are tired, especially the GCP which never sounded good to begin with.  No one I've brought with me has been able to spot any values on the menu, including myself so I suppose the large bill at the end isn't doing anything to help my view of this place.
5	I am ready to update you to a five because the last three times I have been there, your service has been better, the huevos rancheros has been consistently perfect, I have never had to wait for a seat at the bar and I want to hug the cute new bartender because she is quirkily cute!! If you were still serving breakfast at 6pm, I would come eat you now.
3	$15 for a quesadilla, $12 for a glass of sangria and so-so service. I mean, I like Richardson's, the food is pretty delicious, but for chucks sake, why is it so expensive? It's not so they can pay the electricity bill. I really don't get it. I'm going to get so much crap for this.
5	So, my boyfriend and I were visiting some of his friends in Phoenix for Thanksgiving.  On the way I kept wondering to myself if there was any New Mexican food in Phoenix.  I lived in New Mexico for 9 years, and honestly, I've yet to find anything to compare to it.  I really miss the food, especially since most of the Mexican food in California is ridiculously bland.So here it was Thanksgiving.  I'm getting ridiculously drunk, and I start asking some people if there was any New Mexican food around.  Luckily, some people there had been to Richardson's and they told me about it, and they also told me that they had an amazing brunch.Well, we didn't make it for brunch.  But we did make it for dinner on Saturday night.  Me and three Brits.  Now they all love their curry, but curry heat and chile heat are too completely different things.  I was so psyched.  I really hoped that the food was comparable to the food I was used to.The first thing I noticed was the price.  It seemed a bit spendy, but whatever, we're on vacation right?  So I ordered a combination plate that had a carne adovada burrito, a mushroom tamale, and a chile relleno.  My boyfriend ordered the steak with green chile and blue cheese (which is a strange combination in my book, but it turned out to be okay).  The other couple ordered the gumbo and a salad and posole.  We also started with a blackened scallops appetizer that was on the specials board.Well they started with a few salads for those who got them with their meal.  They weren't terrible, but they weren't great.  I was getting a bit worried.  The scallops came out.  They were unbelievably tasty!  The appetizer was 18 bucks, but it came with six scallops, a bit of beans and rice, and a few chile sauces.  You can't get six scallops for less than 20 bucks at most seafood restaurants!  When the main courses arrived, they looked great.  I have to say that the chile on my meal was great.  The beans and rice were tasty, and the carne adovada brought back memories from my time in New Mexico.  Phenomenal.  The steak was well cooked and tasty.  I even tried a bit of the posole, which our friend claimed was very spicy, but I thought it was perfect, not too spicy and delicious.I would recommend this to anybody visiting Phoenix.  Seriously.  The one problem is that I now can't go there every week, and I'm back to the mediocre Mexican in California.  Kudos to you Richardson's!
4	The Carne Adobada is the best in town and I love the salad they provide before the meal.  I have tried many dishes at this place, Heidi Pasta great and I like the trio  that includes the enchilada and tamale but I am hooked on the adobada.  The only downfall is the wait,  sometime I am just too hungry.  A girls gotta eat!!
5	I took my boyfriend out to a rare date-night dinner at Richardson's because it is right down the street from our apt. It was very dark, hard to read the menus, but was perfect for our semi-romantic dinner. He was wary at first, because of the construction (especially the wobbly wooden plank leading the front door), but it was definitely love at first bite for us! YUM!We were sat at the bar immediately, and got to skip the 45 minute wait for a table. The place cleared out all at once at 8:30, good for next time so we can have the restaurant to ourselves. I had the red chile alfredo pasta, which I ordered just for the bacon-wrapped shrimp and was very happy (though full after 5 bites - super rich!) Mr. BF had a severe case of food-envy going on. Sooo good. My only wish was that there was a place to hang my coat, which was bulky enough on my lap to make eating neatly tricky, but other than that we will be returning without question. Oh and by the way...the male bartender is equally as quirky cute as the other!
4	Sunday Brunch.  11:00.  Arrived, "walked the [plywood] plank" through the construction outside of the parking lost.  There was a 20-minute wait for a table but we lucked out and took the last 2 seats at the bar.  I smiled when I ordered a bloody mary and the bartender informed me that my bloody mary came with a free 3oz shooter of the beer of my choice (had to go with my girl, Stella).  $6.50 for a cocktail and an "appetizer" drink?  Quite the steal. The food was fantastic--I followed the Yelp advice and got the green chile enchiladas + eggs (next time I will get both enchiladas with the shrimp, and order the eggs over easy instead of scrambled).  The friend I was with ordered the breakfast burrito.  Both of our dishes were VERY tasty and HUGE -- I ate about half and made another meal out of it later in the day.  I think all the brunch dishes were $9-$14, but with the huge portions and cheap drinks, it was a steal.By the time we left there was a long wait just to get a seat at the bar, much less a table so we definitely beat the rush.I will make a point to get back here for dinner ASAP!
5	[Review of Richardsons and Dick's Hideaway combined]Nestled in the Northwest corner of 16th St and Bethany Home, it's really easy to overlook these restaurants.  Which I did the first time I tried to find it.  But, fortunately, all's well that ends well, and the delayed meal only made my hunger more forceful, and the food more delicious.  And, had I only gone there once, I would be suspect of my 5*.  But, I keep on going back, time after time, for dinner, for breakfast, for any excuse I can find to drive the 10 miles there.  The soups are sublime, the turkey enchiladas with green chili superb, and well... it's hard to go wrong with anything on the menu.... I'll try to prove myself wrong, but of course, I'll have to go there again.... I'm ok with that.
4	This was my first exposure to New Mexico cuisine.  I was really impressed.  I had the New Mexico sausages for an app and the Carne Adovada roasted pork shoulder in red chile sauce.  Both were really, really good.  Complex spicing and good heat level, tastey but not over burning.  This was both a unique and delicious experience.  And a learning experience too.  I'd go back in a second.The service was good.  Both the hostess and waitress were stunningly good looking in a "recently graduated from ASU" sort of way.
5	Note to self....if you spot a barely visable restaurant, with minimal signage and BMWs parked in front......stop in!Luckily I was with someone who knew where we were going and smart enough to rush me out the door "to get there early". We arrived just before 6pm on a Saturday night, and shortly there after the hostess stopped seating walk-ins, for those with reservations (or were quoting a 1 hour wait). The front of this establishment is deceiving, but behind all the construction and clutter due to remodeling another world awaits. The bar is large and friendly, and next time I'll ask to sit there just for the experience and a view of the open kitchen. Our waiter, Clark, did an incredible job of guiding us to some great selections. The whole staff was impecable, providing excellent "stealth-like" service. Clark replied, when asked, "try the scallops...they'll change your world!". My world has been changed. I don't eat scallops, but now I do..if , they are blackened, grilled over pecan wood fire then served with four sauces; chipotle, red chile, queso and roasted red pepper. The salad was fresh, chilled and tossed with jalapeno ranch dressing, topped with green onion, diced tomato and shredded cheese. It would seem the moment my salad fork came to rest, the entree' arrived. A juicy, tender, rare, 16oz. New York, blackened using chipotle spices, sauced with a Jalapeno Hollandaise along side their original Green Chile Potato (I'm making this for my next dinner party) and sautee'd eggplant. I did try the Blue, Red & White Corn Enchiladas,which were really good, still I felt really satisfied that I had won the "I ordered better than you did" award...for once!   And dessert? one word....Flan.
3	OK. I get that it is Superbowl Sunday and most places are dead, but come on! We love the food here. Been going to this place for at least 15 years or more. If I could eat five gallon buckets of their carne adovado and never gain an ounce, life would be complete. But alas, I'm not into throwing up.So, we did not feel like staying home for the "big game" and we're kinda not into huge crowds. (also we aren't popular enough to get invited to any Superbowl parties.) ( At least none with out squirrel sloppy Joe's.) Inside joke.So we venture on over to one of our favorite spots. Normally I can tolerate football here as they keep the sound off and play great music while my guy takes in his game (I hate football) and I take in great wine and great eats. We had heard that for the Cards playing in the Super Bowl they would have the sound up and the game live. I have home town spirit so what the heck, it's only once a year.We sat down right at 4:00 and the pregame stuff wasn't even on. The place was deserted as expected with a few seated tables and a couple of guys at the bar. After a guy complained that the game was not on, the bar tender asked us, "what channel is the game on"? Then he acted all pissed that he had to turn the game on.My man asked if the sound was supposed to be on and the hostess replied, "yeah, they're working on it". We miss the national anthem (how unpatriotic Rich). There was another 15 minutes of the men in the bar freaking out that they were watching the Cards play in the Super Bowl with no sound. I suggested that we check to see if the sound is up at Dick's hide away and we could all just pick up our beers and walk over there. The bartender was so blase about it all as he announced that he hated football and he could care less. Finally he reached up, stuck a cable into the main box and presto, sound. Still the whatever attitude from the bartender. Time to order wine for my guy. He asked for the wine list and the bartender (Brandon)) says "should I pick one for you"? He says, "No, I'll pick it". The guy pours my date a sip of red and shoves it at him. He is shocked but tastes it to be polite. It is good so he says, "that's good". The cocky ass bartender says, "that's why I'm on this side of the bar and you are over there". ARE YOU KIDDING ME? For the rest of what is a very exciting game (yes, I watched AND cheered) the staff out numbered the customers and we sat and listened to how badly they wanted to go home and it sucked for them to be there. Brandon the bartender was the biggest offender, (followed by that stuck on herself ,horrid, red head server that they float around to all three restaurants) bitching and texting the whole time. We have to yell his name out to get more food or drink refills at least six times. If he was not so into the game my date would have flipped out and left. You know, the food is fabulous here but the whole excitement of the game was a bit dampened by such crappy service. I mean, we didn't write the work schedule dude! I look at it this way. You are a bartender on a notoriously slow shift. You only work for tips. Do you piss off the few customers you do have, or do you take extra good care of the ones you have so you can make some money for you effort? Next year I'm having a party or staying home.If I go back into the bar at Richardson's and Brandon is there, I'm leaving for Dick's right away.
4	I didn't pay much attention to this place for several years.  Passed it many times, just didn't catch my eye enough for me to remember it on those nights when I desperately try to think of some new place to try.I've since been here twice (over about a 3 month time span), and I really love it.  First time, had great food (all server recommendations - although he disappeared prior to arrival of meal, seemed to be doing side work so he could bolt out).  Great although somewhat minimal service for the second half of our dinner, former waiter did not say he was leaving, we sat for a little while before someone new arrived.  Ambiance and company made it barely noticeable.   Personally, I don't care as long as I get good service.  We're not family, I don't need an apology or heartfelt goodbye.  The garlic app - what it is called? - your server will know, it's probably their most popular dish, it is AMAZING.  Order this unless you hate garlic or are on a diet.  I consider myself a good cook, but I would leave this up to Richardsons.  As I write this I realize the whole reason for my review is that dish, because I don't remember anything else I had.  Stopped by for drinks the second time, ended up ordering a pizza, expected little since it didn't mesh with the menu, it was really quite good.  Bartender was great (I think he was actually the take-over waiter from my previous visit).  Very cozy place, if you come later or are are willing to wait, you can get a private table in a cave like nook.  The place is not cheap, comparative to other finer dining establishments.  Overall, a lively but romantic place with character, good food, and decent service.
5	Thank you for caring! It is very refreshing to know that business owners pay attention and want to know what the public is saying. An attitude of "the customer is always right" and wanting to keep loyal clients happy and coming back, is refreshing. Thank you for the apology!(Again, can't beat this food!)
4	Went to Richardson's on a double date. It was a Saturday night, and thank goodness we made a reservation. The place is pretty small, so it fills up pretty quickly. FYI: Reservations are only available for parties of 4+, so we were able to squeak by. :) We were seated within 15 minutes of our reservation time and had a great little booth private-ish booth. I had the red sangria which was delicious. It has pulp (tasted like orange and pineapple?) which is a little unusual for sangria but actually was really good. We also tasted a sample of one of their draft beers (can't remember the name), I believe it was a Belgian pale. It seemed like the light equivalent of a Guinness. Apparently, it's made by Monks and was really good. I highly recommend it. The food portions are pretty large, so I would definitely suggest sharing. We ordered the Chimayo Chicken and the BBQ Chicken Pizza. The Chimayo Chicken is served with a house salad, so between that and the entree, it's more than enough for two people to share. The Chimayo Chicken was so delicious!! It's stuffed with spinach and sun dried tomatoes, drizzled with a red chili sauce and is served on a tortilla with a cheese/corn sauce. On the side is a generous helping of asparagus and broccoli, also served with the cheese/corn sauce, and a chili with a sweet-potato mash tasting concoction on top. The BBQ Chicken Pizza was also really good. Maybe a little light on sauce, but the onions were delicious and distributed generously.The service was pretty good, but our server seemed a bit frazzled at being so busy. The Chimayo Chicken was $24, so a little pricey, but considering it feeds more than one, or feeds one for multiple meals, it's worth the price. I highly recommend this place, and am already planning my next visit.
5	Richardson's has got to be my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. There are several reasons for this, mainly the food, the ambiance, and the service. I've now been there six times and can say with confidence that Richardson's is consistently a great dining experience. Today I ate the Huevos Rancheros, spicy with green chili sauce and shared part of the Carne Adovada, tender and excellently seasoned. I will definitely get some kind of pork dish like the adovada next visit because I loved it. The prickly pear Patron margarita was a great compliment to the meal. At past visits, I've tried the seafood pasta, pork chops, and enchiladas all of which were very good (I went out on a limb with the pork chops and although good, I'm still not a fan in general). Definitely order a house salad and green chili potato or share one with a friend as these are truly distinctive tastes of Richardson's. The service is friendly and to the point which comes across as commonsense customer service. My favorite part of Richardson's (and Dick's Hideaway) is the mood which is set by the dim lighting and adobe style booths and bar. The candlelight flickering around the room makes you feel very private and slightly romantic. This is a great place for out of town guests, dinner meetings, or just a night out. It gets busy during the evening on the weekdays and is on the smaller side, so I like to go a little earlier to miss the crowd.  The outside of the plaza where Richardson's is is under renovation, so I'm excited to see it will look like fresh and new.  Hope to see you there!
2	My husband and I were really excited about trying this place out.  We love New Mexico food.  BUT it was kinda all hype and mediocre.  Food was okay, ambiance decent.  Kinda dark inside but romantic.  First of all, we were really hoping they would serve sopapillas to start with.  I guess we've been spoiled with the restaurants in New Mexico.   My husband had the blue, red and white enchiladas and thought they were the worse enchiladas he'd ever had.  I had the Carne Adovada.  It was okay but lacked spiceness.We won't be back and will save our taste buds for the real deal in Albuquerque or Santa Fe.
5	This is my favorite breakfast/brunch in town.  The Carne Adovada is perfection, and therefore I get it every damned time.  Tender, spiced, sauced porkwads with eggs and I believe breakfast taters on the side.  The spicy bloody is perfection.  I faintly recall the Jalapeno Eggs Benedict being yummy--whoever ordered it shared sparingly and guarded it with their life.The joint is dimly lit, so you don't need to wear shades to nurse your hangover.  You sit in cushioned, isolated little adobe booths tucked away in corners--feels intimate to me and never loud.    The staff's always been really friendly.Ten visits and going strong.  I'd be there right now actually if I'd run the prerequisite ten miles this week. :(
5	You can see my review of Dick's Hideaway to get more of an update on Richardson's.  Dick's and Richardson's are the same restaurant with slightly different vibes - Richardson's is where I would prefer to be with a date (unless of course I'm able to get into the private dining room over at Dick's!).The two restaurants are in the same strip center (Richardson's faces Bethany Home, while Dick's faces 16th Street) - it's pretty cool when the hostess takes you from one place to the other, she'll take you right through the kitchens (I don't know of many places that are proud, confident and bold enough to take patrons right through their kitchens - this says a LOT to me!!).So, I've been talking about the restaurant itself - the food is incredible - have never had anything that I didn't just love - it's great New Mexico style cooking with a nuevo flair.  I've taken many of my (less cultured ... i.e. gringo) friends - and they all flip out about the food!!  Highly recommend.
5	Richardson's is one of my top picks in the valley.  This place has the best New Mexico cuisine I've tried so far, but I have to admit, the only place I've ever eaten at that was actually in NM was Taco Cabana, which is a fast food favorite of mine.We went for brunch today and their breakfast/brunch menu is fantastic.  We had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce, two eggs, rice, and beans.  It was enough food for two of us to split and leave feeling very satisfied.  Their bloody mary's are great, and at only five bucks apiece, are not a budget killer.  Also, they come with a cool little beer chaser - I think it was Dos Equis or Tecate, I can't remember which.All told, we spent $23.00 plus tip.  It was a very nice way to start our weekend.Oh, one other Richardson's tip - they always have specials posted on the boards, and although they tend to be pricey (think high 20's to $30.00 for dinner) they are WORTH IT!!  I don't usually order a special unless I really feel like spending money on food....but they're a great treat every once in a while.
5	I just wrote my review for Rokerij, so it seems only right that I praise the originator of all my love and affection - Richardson's.  I love this place. When I was single, it was my SECOND date place, where I asked to be taken when I wanted to cuddle up with the perfect cutie pie.  There are booths that are like caves with pilows and relaxing sofa like seating,.  The food is out of control good - unique and very interesting - always!  They have scallops and bacon here as well....and BRUNCH is fun and tasty.  ....  I love DICK's too, but I can't do three reviews for the same owner...just trust us all - go there!
5	For Phoenix, this is as good as it gets for the whole package - food, atmosphere, bar, & value.  Very charming little restaurant that cuddles around the small bar.  Cute adobe like separation of each booth, cushy seats, and decorative pillows in each booth are all nice touches.  Kitchen is semi-open so you can see the grilling action.They had Nego Modelo, Hoegaarden, Chimay, Stella, and more on tap.  Very nice.We both had brunch - huevos rancheros and cheese enchilada & eggs.  Both were outstanding, especially the hearty red sauce.  Green chile potato on the side too and it was also amazing, basically mashed potato prepared somewhat like chile relleno and then much of the chile is removed, except for the bottom.  Good presentation of both entrees & the sides.  Very tasty!Service was good, and I bet it helped that it was lunch on a weekday.  There weren't too many tables in the entire restaurant.  So, of course, I recommend going on a weekday during the day.Located NW corner of Bethany Home & 16th Street.  Blue sign in the pictures on Yelp were not on the building today.  Look for the name painted on the door.
1	I won't go back to Richardson's or Dick's Hideaway because of the attitude of the owner. The man is not a nice person and don't let him ever hear you say anything negative, period.  JJ G. says not to get comfortable.  The staff is better about not making sure you are on your way as soon as your finished than it used to be.  Abu J received an email from the owner telling him he is a "loser and a moron" when he reviewed the adjoining Dick's Hideaway, in a way he (the owner) didn't like.  I won't support this man by going back to his establishment.I should tell you a plus about Richardson's.  Since they passed the law about no smoking in restaurants, you can know smell the food.  It used to be you were hit by a wall of stale cigarette smoke. Anything you wore in there had to be washed when you left it was so bad.If you like New Mexico style mexican food, the place isn't to bad.  But why would I support a man...well, I could tell you having lived in the neighborhood quite a number of years..  Suffice it to say there are other places to go (and I'm sure they'd have better parking).I fully expect a hateful email from the owner.  When I get it, I'll post it..
3	I had eaten at this restaurant once before and enjoyed the stuffed chile and returned for the same item.  This time it was more bland and slimply hot and not cheesy.  I also tried the Pizza which was surprisingly good (4 cheese) but had too thick a crust to be exceptional.  An interesting but not really a "New Mexican" restaurant, Gardunos, while generic in some ways, is actually the real thing.
5	I give Richardson's 5 stars for their breakfast! We go here all the time for breakfast/brunch on the weekends and almost always enjoy it thoroughly. Note: I do not eat dinner there, as there is not much of a vegetarian selection besides their pizza.But back to their fabulous breakfasts...I absolutely love their enchiladas & eggs dish. I normally order my eggs fried over medium, which are then set atop cheese enchiladas covered in chile (get the red if you're vegetarian). The red chile is made just right, with the perfect amount of spiciness & flavor. The dish also comes served with delicious beans & potatoes. The huevos rancheros are also damn good & are my number 2 pick.The service is typically great. On one visit with some friends, we ordered a few prickly pear margaritas to start the day off right. When the drinks arrived and they didn't even look purple, we complained and our waiter happily brought us some extra prickly pear juice.On another occasion, my girlfriend ordered a Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary's come with a shot of Mexi-beer. When we were casually chatting with our waiter and told him that we didn't like that type of beer, he swapped it out with a Chimay shot for free!We love the food and they always treat us right, so we'll keep coming back.
4	Richardson's is consistently a very good restaurant.  I always find myself here with out of town guests who have never visited Phoenix, and most of the time everyone is happy.  The only thing that prevents 5 stars in my book is my most recent experience last night.  Two people in our large table ordered the same adovada dish and one person's had two tortillas on it and the other person's only had one.  No big deal.  The person who had only one tortilla asked for more and they brought out 4 more tortillas without question.  We were all happy campers.  Looking at the bill later, however, it turns out that the waiter charged our group for two side dishes of tortillas at $2 each ($4 total).  I know we are in the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression and the restaurant needs to make money, but that equated to $1 per extra tortilla.  Talk about nickel and diming.  I will, however, give our waiter kudos for working with me to make the New Mexican Platter vegetarian.  It was delicious, as usual.
4	Just returned to Richardson's after more than a decade -- really -- the place is just as good as ever. The food is OUTSTANDING. Spices are nicely balanced and there's heat where there should be, and everything is a joy to look at -- as well as eat.Our waitperson was also GREAT. Very friendly, very laid back, and VERY helpful -- great job on describing the fish dishes, by the way.We ate TOO much -- guac was great, stickers were tremendous. Chicken Chimayo was really something else. Asparagus, brussels sprouts, green chili potatoes. Chicken stuffed with spinach and asiago cheese -- fantastic!I had Pasta Heidi -- tons of white meat chicken, nice heat to the pasta, nice creamy sauce. Tremendous!Even the chicken quesadilla, presented simply on a wooden plate with two sauces, was a treat.The prickly pear margaritas were also great -- and BIG.The flan finished off the whole thing. Too much!We'd be back there tonight if we didn't feel silly being in town for only two nights and eating at the same place both times...
3	Cool tex-mex with a twist.--something for everyone, vegetarian, bargain hunter, splurger alike--ideal for a romantic and private dinner out.--dented polished copper tabletops fun to look at, but smell like a sweaty penny held too long in your hand on a hot summer day--pewter plates (like the copper) are straight from rokerij up the street. rokerij serves salads on them ice cold, here they bake your dishes so they're searing hot.--whole beans were dry on outside from the roasting. unusual.--red chili beef relleno platter serves 2. chili with nice spicyness, 4 out of 10 on the "globalthermonuclear" scale.--shredded beef very flavorful and not overseasoned. NICE.--they were out of the matanzas savignon blanc tonight (darn). big pet peeve and enough to cost a half-star.--dark room, no windows, candlelight and cool faux adobe half walls make you feel like you're in your own little world at your table.I've been waiting for the building and parking lot construction to be complete to try this old favorite again, and it was worth the wait. No more signature turquoise awning outside, but it's in the same spot. We arrived for a "late" dinner at 8:30 and found the restaurant pleasantly sparsely peopled. Unfortunately the host was nowhere to be seen and I started to seat myself before someone noticed us.I hate that I am considering asking more regularly if there is anything out of stock on the menu or other problems. I'd rather know up front so I don't get excited about something I see. Tonight I saw one of my favorites, the Matanzas Savignon Blanc, and of course, they were out of it. That's a ding. A pet peeve.Very glad that the staff didn't hover and seemed sensitive to our slow pace and chatty demeanor. Either that or he just plain forgot us several times and we happened not to mind it. I'm going with glass half full this time. The ambiance of the restaurant and relatively high volume on the music also helped to make our conversation private. This is a really nice place for a private-time meeting or just to get away from it all.I need to make more visits before I make "overall" statements about the food. revisit soon.
5	Richardson's is one of my Valley Favorites. I give them a 5 star for all of their meals, as I frequent Brunch on weekends, and dinner during the weekday. Their copper bars and Southwestern decor make for a fun atmosphere.I can't pass up their skewars nor green chile potatoes (GCP). I also love their smoked turkey enchilada's and their Pasta Heidi (green chili linguine in a smoked cream sauce). I check in on their specials frequently, and love their salmon (typically specials have it prepared with apple-chile salsa, or pineapple salsa). There are always new preperations, but I've never been disappointed.If you are planning to eat there during the weekday dinner hours (6-8pm)- call ahead for a reservation, or you will likely be waiting for awhile. Its worth the wait, but you should call just in case.
4	The ambience was quiet for lunch. The variety and range of the menu was fantastic not to mention the richness of the flavors. The service was very good. The waiter was willing to let us "stretch" the menu by trying combinations and substitutions in the menu. Top flavor. Nice atmosphere.
5	Ate at the bar as seating was a long wait and a group left at the bar and offered their empty seats to us. I started with the house margarita which was nothing special it had prickly pear in it if i can remember correctly. I had the blood orange salmon which was superb!!!! It can be hard to find a good salmon dish around here and this dish was perfect. Salmon was cooked perfectly and the blood orange sauce wasnt too sweet and there was the right amount of it served ontop. The carrots were very good that came with it and so were the rice and beans. Would come back here again to try anything else on the menu!!
5	Today a sad day in Phoenix. RIP Richardson's!Hope you rebuild soon!(is it just me, or is it a bit ironic that the website for Richardson's is www.burningembersphoenix.com)
5	The best ever.
5	Richardson's is the best New Mexican food in the Phoenix area.  I'm not sure if that is saying much, because I have only been to one other that specializes in New Mexican cuisine (Carlsbad in Scottsdale).  The use of Green Chili at this restaurant is second to only some of the meals that I have had in the "Q" (Albuquerque for those of you not in the know) and Sante Fe.  I love myself some Green Chili and Richardson's gives me my fix.It truly was a sad day when I learned that Richardson's had burned.  Luckily for us, the building was salvagable, and the owner publicly let everyone know that it would be back as a staple for Phoenix diners. Richardson's menu is currently featured at the Rokerij location down the street if you are needing a fix while they re-build their current location.  The Rokerij is located just north of the Richardson's location at 16th Street and Maryland.  So if you need your fix of New Mexican cuisine or some awesome margarita's, make sure to head a little bit north and enjoy the atmosphere at their additional location!
5	Like garlic?  The garlic appetizer at Richardson's is your heaven.  Everything is good - from the wood roasted green chilies to all the regular items.  A little of New Mexico in Phoenix.  Wonderful! Patiently waiting for the reopening after the fire. So in the meantime, visit Rokerij - they have the Richardson's menu - it's right up the street about 200 yards on the right.  We were told that Richardson's will reopen on the corner where the mart and dairy queen are right now.
5	This place cannot be beat on their green chile stew.  It's AMAZING.  I eat here about 2-3 times a year (not often enough!) with friends and it is always fantastic.  I don't eat a lot of meat and they will turn any menu item into a vegetarian item for you - happily.  I never feel awkward ordering here.  The meat I *have* had at Richardson's is always perfectly tender and wonderful.If you are downtown and looking for a good, warm, FUN meal - stop here.
5	Just returned from a 4 day vacation to Phoenix.  I made a special trip to Rokerij just because I had seen where they had the Richardson's menu and, as a garlic lover, I have NEVER had anything quite like Richardson's garlic appetizer.  Once again, I was not disappointed.  This dish alone will keep me coming back to this restaurant group whenever I visit Phoenix.  I liked the ambience of Rokerij,  even though we were seated in the basement.  Our server was most attentive and patient with us as we muddled through the menu and then the appetizer.  I had the Pasta Heidi and my companion had the Mixed Grill.  The flavors of both dishes were spicy and unique. I would assume if you're after typical Mexican food fare, you would not be happy with what is offered by these restaurants, but if you're after some unique dishes at reasonable prices,  it can't be beat!
5	Best food ever. All I can say is wow. A must when you are in the Phoenix area. Atmosphere is a little dark but very classy and comfortable. This was one of my first dates with my wife and where she introduced me to 'New Mexican' food. They cook over mesquite wood; who awesome is that? Strictly fantastic.
