3	Green Sinner is a wonderful little shop that is inside the Pittsburgh Public Market in the Strip. Every time I meander by this shop in the corner stall, my mind gets whisked away in some sort of garden fantasy where everything in life seems balanced. That sounds funny, but it is kind of true when you see all of that green stuff so beautifully and artfully arranged. This small stall manages to pack in a lot of plants on their display and they have a great assortment of interesting succulents. If you are wanting to spend a bit more money, there are beautiful plant arrangements, terrariums, and cut flowers. So far I've just picked up a small jade plant that I separated out into three pots that are still doing well. The guy working even helped me with pointers on soil, watering, and sun.
5	I have wanted to check out Green Sinner for several months but haven't made it down to the Strip District. I was in need of plants to replace some that I failed to water while house sitting for my parents. I didn't want to go to any of the usual nurseries because my mom's taste in plants is not really mainstream. I called Green Sinner to find out which location had more selection of plants. I received a call from Rose in a timely fashion. We discussed what type of plants my mom had been growing in the pots...my answer was "white annuals" - that's the extent of my plant knowledge. Rose asked a few more questions and mentioned a few plants at their Lawrenceville location that might fit the bill. Even though their Lawrenceville location is undergoing renovation AND the staff was getting ready for weddings this weekend, Rose invited me to stop by to take a look. She even offered to have some delivered to their location in Marty's Market if that worked better for me. For being in the middle of such a crazy/busy time I was impressed with her offer and accommodating customer serviceWhen I arrived Rose and one of the owners - didn't catch his name - tried to further discern what my mom had planted. We agreed on three color & shape variations of a plant that has amazing colors and the price was very reasonable.I would definitely use them again for plants and fresh cut flowers. Their plants and flowers are beautiful and their customer service is wonderful.I just hope my mom likes the change in plants from white to dark purples, greens and some stalky blooms!
5	I just took a class on creating a terrarium by Jonathon from Green Sinner. I it was a lot of fun with just enough dirt to get a newbie like me interested! The class was on Sunday from 2-3 PM at Marty's Market and only had 4 people so everyone received a lot of input from Jonathon on our creations - hopefully more people will attend future sessions.)From my earlier review of GS you know that I'm not the best at taking care of plants :-( so I thought I'd start with something small that could exist on just a little bit of water and indirect sunlight & inside light.The plants for our terrariums were cute and reasonably priced...the accents (colorful sands, sea shells, stones & rocks, etc.) were very pretty and our time spent playing in a small bit of dirt was great.I highly recommend Green Sinner for flower/plant needs for events and to give "just because." I do wish that there was more of a selection at Marty's Market of plants to pick up on the fly, though their completed terrariums and pots are beautiful.
5	My review is for greenSinner's wedding floral services.  Jimmy from greenSinner did the florals for our October 2013 wedding and my husband and I couldn't be happier with his work!  We didn't really know how to explain our vision beyond describing the colors and that we wanted something rustic, but not *too* rustic, so we were nervous about whether we would really end up with what we wanted on the day of our wedding.  However, Jimmy was so good at asking so many great questions about our preferences that we were confident that it would end up beautiful, and it did.  Another great thing about Jimmy was that he offered suggestions on what to spend our money on to maximize the impact given our budget.  He even saved the day when our caterer, who also exclusively manages the venue we used, forgot to put out the archway for the ceremony.  Jimmy moved a couple of urns with trees up to the front so there would at least be something up there.   I highly recommend greenSinner for any Pittsburgh area brides!
2	We met with Jimmy about our flowers for our wedding a few months ago. I told him I was thinking baby's breath, hydrangea, and roses, for a classic wedding look. He told me he couldn't do any of them because they weren't in season or local. I understood, though slightly disappointed, and was open minded about what to use instead. He asked a couple questions but he didn't really seem like he cared what we wanted, and went on to tell me all the colors and style choices he HATES and what he thinks is tacky and off trend and blah blah, (some of which I had in mind for my own wedding!) We left the meeting feeling more confused and didn't accomplish anything. We gave him our color scheme and he said he would get back to use with some prices, but you could tell he was uninterested.We never heard anything back from him, not an email, phone call, nothing. I guess we weren't "trendy" enough for Green Sinner's business.
5	Jimmy and Jonathan at Green Sinner arranged the bouquets, boutonnieres and centerpieces at my October wedding last year, and they were absolutely breathtaking.This isn't the place to go for standard wedding flower arrangements where you choose exactly what you want. Jimmy really has an artistic eye for decor, personality, and season. He sees a wedding as more of a theatrical experience, and arrangements as props within the scene. I had suggestions on what I wanted: Metal leaves mixed in the bouquets, sunflowers, etc., but I let him get creative and do what he does best.Jimmy and I are both obsessed with thrift store shopping and creative reuse, so we had an immediate bond.They ended up incorporating old books, door knobs, and vintage postcards in the centerpieces, along with some bright flowers, like dahlias and sunflowers. It brightened up our venue tremendously, and we got compliments on the arrangements all night long.Also keep in mind that they try as much as they try to use flowers that are locally in season, since they grow a lot of the stuff themselves at their Lawrenceville storefront as well as a local farm. (But they're Green Sinners, not saints! If there's a must-have flower that's out of season that you want, they'll work with you.)They also worked within a certain price point for me, which was a lifesaver.In addition to weddings, they host terrarium classes, create and deliver arrangements for special occasions, and have a location at the Pittsburgh Public Market in the Strip, although I wouldn't be able vouch as much for those things.
