4	I am not a demending guy but having working AC is real nice when its 115 out. And so i went to The Car Shop to get it taken care of. Looked up repair facilities in the vicinity of my job and those guys came up and they were AAA rated and all. So, i figured - "What the fuck, its just AC repair. What is the worst can happen? It is already not blowing cold." And so i went. Droped it off and they gave me ride back to work. Real quick too. Called me back within reasonable time and told me something needs to be rebuilt and they can do it tomorrow. Droped it off again and another fast ride to work. Got a call within 3 hours that its ready for pickup. Few weeks later got a call from them asking how it works out for me and all. Really surprising and pleasant. Pretty good repair shop. I will take my car there again if needed.
5	People who live in suburbs understand the necessity of having a car. Because metropolitan Phoenix is a super-sized suburb, all residents understand the value of having a car. In fact, a lot of people have to drive to park-and-rides to use what little public transit there is here. Unfortunately, cars take a beating, go through wear and tear, break down and in sum can just be a real headache. One night I noticed my car needed well over a hundred feet to brake. The Car Shop fixed my car and said I had one broken brake line and the other was swollen. They were fast, professional and the staff was quite likable. It was a very reasonable price to fix both brake lines and they did a little extra work on it at no charge. Next time (and there will be a next time) my car has problems, I'm taking it here.
5	I had a little car emergency. I got in my car yesterday and it didn't start... oh no.... school was starting today and my internship is starting tomorrow.... super bad timing. So after trying to jump the battery and buying a new battery I began to freak out for a little while. I was sure that I was doomed. Then I got a recommendation to go to the Car Shop. I called them this morning at 7 am and, I think it was Terry (?), answered and just sounded to calm and assured me they could fix it. I had my car towed over there and was very nervous I wouldn't get it back til this weekend or something. Well these guys really came through... they got it done for me by this afternoon....I am so grateful to these guys! They really saved the day... plus they have a discount on the labor for ASU students! Plus they were super friendly... I would definitely give them my business again (if I ever have to... which I hope I don't!.... but you should give them your business if you have any car needs!)
5	My husband took our Jeep in to be repaired. There was a problem with a belt. They gave my husband a ride to work and called him several hours later. He picked up the Jeep and it running great. We will definately be back.
5	I just got my vehicle back from the Car Shop.  I have been taking it there for years.  The technician always communicates to me about my vehicle and the staff is always friendly, helpful (explaining to me what needs to be done on my vehicle) and the owner is amazing.  He dropped what he was doing to take me back to work when I had told them I would wait but something came up.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  I have referred a number of my clients here and some have traveled as far as Gilbert and the West side for the type of professionalism and service they have gotten here.Pricing is always good.  If there were 10 stars they would get that!
5	The Car Shop is GREAT. I went here on a whim after the Tex Earnhardt boys (that ain't no Bull - but it is!) told us we had a leak in our A/C compressor that needed to be fixed at a cost of about $1.200. Instead, we took my son's '97 Ford Pickup truck to The Car Shop and guess what?? They could not find a leak! They found some other solutions  to remedy the problem and with our SunDevil discount it came to $643. Here's the kicker! My son is a Wildcat, but they still gave us the SunDevil discount because I graduated from there in 1985. Ha! Terry has been great and he even had places to recommend in Tucson if we need to take the truck there for service. I would recommend this shop to anyone who was looking for an honest car repair establishment.
1	I typically use Arizona Import Specialists in Tempe, AZ. Unfortunately; I had a gas line bust on one of my dual tanks. It was a Saturday so I used my AAA road side assistance (12 year member) to have it towed to The Car Shop. With the great reviews and the AAA recommendations I did not hesitate to have the work completed on my 1987 V-10 Custom Deluxe. They completed the work in a timely fashion. After I pick up the vehicle I filled the tank with gas and it didn't work. I took my truck back and they reviewed their work and the manager informed me that the switch was malfunctioning. I asked if they had tested it after the "repair" work was complete. They said, "No". It is common practice to test something that has been fixed. I spoke with the manager and we had a disagreement about what was wrong with the truck. He refused to fix it and wanted to charge me an additional $200.00 to fix something I already paid him to fix ($326.00). Needless to say I took my truck back to my original mechanic and they solved the problem right away. Problem resulting in a kinked hose - the one they replace. The arrogance and dishonesty from the manager was nothing short of a disappointment. I understand the dynamics of the repair and was willing to work out our differences but this man insisted the malfunction was not caused by the work he had done. This is a great example of a shop with great technicians/mechanics and terrible management.     yours truly,1987 Chevy Truck NM
5	The Car Shop, and Paul especially, as usual, provided me with excellent service. I'd been told repeatedly that my aging Jeep wasn't worth repairing. I'd also been told by 3 or 4 other mechanics that I had a rear main seal leak, and they were advising to not bother repairing it because I'd likely need a new engine soon (Jeep has 220K+ miles on it). The Car Shop found that the primary leak was not in the rear main seal at all, and that my engine still sounded and pressure tested just fine and that it was worth fixing the leak. It's been over 2 weeks, and I haven't lost a drop of oil. The Jeep is running better than ever (we did some other work as well, such as replacing the engine and transmission mounts). They also fixed an issue with the Jeep failing emissions, and handled taking it back through for me and getting it to pass. I have always found The Car Shop to be fair, straight forward, and honest. Paul worked with me patiently to come up with a repair plan I could afford, helping me prioritize which repairs were most important and which could wait. And, my personal favorite aspect of working with Paul: he didn't talk down to me. I've had many mechanics be dismissive or unwilling to explain, or even get offended at me "questioning" them--presumably because I'm a woman (or maybe because I'm not a mechanic). That has never happened to me dealing with Paul. He speaks to me respectfully and recognizes my cognitive ability. That goes a LONG way with me. (Especially since I'm the type of woman to change my own oil, or replace my own ignition coil, and I don't at all care to be treated like I wouldn't understand mechanical issues.) I would and have highly recommended The Car Shop to friends and family.
5	This is the best auto repair shop I've ever found. They go out of their way to make check out worrisome things that pop up in my older Toyota, like the inconsisten "chattering" (Terry's term of art) in the clutch in first gear. (Answer: Hot spots on the clutch and nothing to worry about, at least for now). They even fix annoyances like squeaking linkages in the brake. I will keep this 10-year-old running until they say it's time to give it up. I'm sure they have saved me money over the life of the car.
5	I've been going here for several years. Trustworthy, reliable, fair prices, excellent customer service, and a usually quick service time. They are good with telling me things I should do with explanations why and how long I can probably hold off on any needed repairs. At my last visit(sometime earlier this month), I got a sort of inspection sheet that had general information like wear on tires and brake pads and oil levels and such. I've been to a few other places and even other ones that I've liked but I always come back here
5	I will NEVER EVER go anywhere else!  These guys are AWESOME!!!!!  The BEST service EVER!!!  I would recommend this place to EVERYONE!!!!!
