4	Tonight was the VIP opening night for the new location. This location is a little smaller than the Tempe one, as there is no upstairs. There is a nice patio and there is good seating inside. It also has a stage for the live music. The format is the same - more than 500 beers in the bottle, and this one has 5 more taps than Tempe. The coolers are blacked out and has LED lighting which gives a better look and more visibility. The other location has fluorescent lighting in the coolers. Another plus is this one has a cask cooler so in times like tonight when there was a cask (Sonoran White Chocolate case with Peppermint - very nice), the cask fits in the cooler and customers can see it. Another big plus for me is the parking. The bar is located in the mall so parking is free and it is plentiful. In Tempe it is difficult and becoming even more challenging to find parking. When parking is there it costs at least $3 per 2 hours. Having been to the Tempe location from the beginning, I know Gilbert will be very crowded for several months. It is new and the clientele will be different. Unlike when Tempe started this one will already have craft spirits and food (the loaded tater tots are excellent). I likely will go to both locations. Gilbert is closer to where I live, and the parking at Tempe makes Gilbert a desirable choice.
4	Good vibe on the patio. Great service and the beer selection is huge. The wine selection is better than expected and priced well. 5 reds and whites. Missing a zinfandel on the red but they do have a malbec. No happy hour that we can find but it is opening day.
2	The server offered a taster, but took it to another table. After 20 minutes, we had to flag down a different server to get a beer.
3	Great selection of beer, but a limited menu, and the service was awful. I can understand slow service when a place is packed, but there was no excuse for the inept service we had when we were there early on a Wednesday when the restaurant was less than half full.
4	Fantastic beer selection.  Both tap beer and bottled beer selection are expansive.  Lots of work to do here.  Giant pretzels are a nice Bavarian touch.  I'll be back for a visit soon.
2	Unfortunate. I really wanted to love this place. Great location and beer selection but that's it. Horribly ridiculous service. Went there yesterday with friends and was disappointed. Menu kinda sad, service worse, music selection...odd. I know they just opened, hopefully just working out the bugs. Not sure if I will even give them another try. Just not special.
4	First time I've been to this place. Overall I liked it. Previous reviews were pretty accurate. Very limited food menu and a great beer menu. The huge pretzel was really good and a lot different from the usual wings, etc.... The place is kind of small but I enjoyed it. Will definitely be back.
4	OK, I gave it 4 stars for the beer selection!!  We had a really bad experience as we were cashing out, so let me explain!!  First of all, awesome beer selection!!  Secondly, we had a great server at the bar named Brad!!  He knows his stuff!  We ordered a giant pretzel with beer cheese!!  Great food!  So if I could of ended it there, the experience was top notch.....until.....................5 pm shift change was rolling in!  This gal that was apparently a server (looked more like a stripper) came waltzing in.  The rest is history.  My wife looked at me, and I looked at her!!  This can't really be happening!  I could clearly see that my wife was upset, so we asked for a manager.  The young man was very polite and all, but said we would need to go to higher levels than him, which were not available.  He did admit that she was not appropriately dressed and that he had issues with her on other occasions.  Guess someone better figure it out!!  Probably will avoid the place if this gal is working, and definitely hope someone can figure out why such a classy place could allow an employees like this gal!!  Thanks for listening!  Hope you take this seriously!
1	I don't think it is even worth for one star. I ordered drink, but I hadn't got anything for 20 minutes even a glass of water. Waiter who has big beard never paid  attention my husband's glass was empty for 10 mins. I never want to come back here anymore. Horrible service I've ever got! 5 or 4 star reviews? How much did this bar pay you guys to write? LOL.
2	So, I was pretty excited to hear of a new craft beer bar opening up in Gilbert, since there's not much to do out there. They have a pretty good selection of craft beers available. I don't see me coming back though. While the beers were good, the service is pretty awful. You have to start a "tab" and give them your credit card when you sit down at the bar, even though it's dead in there and maybe there's three other customers at the bar. They still somehow manage to ask how you want to split your tab w/ your friend at the end and, who ordered what again??. What's the point of starting a tab if nothing is kept track of?Also, servers don't seem very knowledgeable about the beers. The bartender briefly scanned the bottled beers and said they didn't have what I ordered. I found it a minute later while scanning the tap handles.The food is very basic, appetizers mostly and they're all extremely overpriced. A scotch egg, which is a really simple, usually cheap dish at most bars somehow costs $7. A pretzel was $8. The beer however, was priced pretty well for the most part.And oh yea, the music is awful. A mixture of Nickleback, Creed and other brorock ballads to go along with the pro-wrestling playing on the TV...really great atmosphere they've created.Don't see me coming back, but maybe these things will get worked out eventually.
4	This place is just incredible, all the World and AZ beers you can handle!! My only disappointment was the food was just ok, the tater tots were cooked just right though!
4	For a beer enthusiast, like myself this is heaven. Though they may not have 'everything' that have quite a bit to choose from to please any palate. The manager that was on duty at the time, was extremely helpful in determining new beers for me to try and provided tasters before I committed to a pint.  If you're looking for a unique spot and want to keep it strictly to the hops and barley- definitely check this spot out.
3	Pretty good selection of beer- wish the food selection was bigger/better. Please DEAR GOD change the music. It's awful. Enough to leave. It's like the worst of the 90s music compilation. No more Prince at a bar! Ever.
1	The place is awful.  The service is incredibly slow.  It took over an hour to get appetizers. It was ridiculous.  I don't recommend...
2	When you can't even get good service at the bar imagine how sitting in the dining room might have been. Actually the male bartender was so rude to a customer not sure I would ever go back!!! Good luck if you decide to try it.....
4	OK, Start with the good. I have visited this place 3 times. Last time was sat 2/15 late afternoon. The patio was full and the inside was about 3/4 full. Nice crowd on a beautiful sat afternoon. Sat at inside bar but open front makes it feel not so indoors. Service was quick and friendly. Beer selection is exceptional. Very diverse on both the handles and the bottle selection. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of beer available with plenty to choose from in the $4-$6 range. The so-so. Food selection is limited. If you're hungry this place might be a disappointment. Its more of an appetizer menu of beer pairing fare. Pretzels, brat sliders and loaded tots to name a few. Having said that, if you're thirsty and want a snack to go with your beers, you're golden. The patio is also kind of small. All in all I really enjoy this place and its nice to see some more places like this coming to the SE valley. If you are close by or just need a beer to wind down from a hard day of shopping WoB is definitely worth stopping for.
2	Been meaning to stop in since I got to town a few weeks ago....  Today I saw their Hess FB post so I made the trek!!  ....Couldn't have been more disappointed... :(  They weren't busy, or I would have cut my server some slack.  I ordered the Hess Special....I'm assuming she forgot about me....as it took her 15 minutes to bring it.  Which when she set it on the table, she apologized.  I appreciated that!  Then I ordered the chicken pizza....WITHOUT onions.  To which she repeated back to me!!  When I get the pizza....with onions....  Disappointment gained steam again.  She never checked back in to ask how I was doing or how the food was, so I can only assume she realized she had forgot.... But that may not have been the case, given her service up to this point.  Needless to say, after giving it much thought, I neglected to tip her.  Something I have NEVER done and still feel guilty about, even though I feel it was warranted.  I may call the manager tomorrow to let him know about my experience and that I likely won't be back....  See how he responds, as I don't want it to be thought of that I am just a rude customer that is too cheap to tip.  I always tip, I always tip a minimum of 20%.  I will likely try out the Mill Ave location....which isn't as close....but such is life..
3	Giving 3 stars because of the raw size of the beer selection and good parking.  Everything else has some serious issues.  Service is slow and they don't seem to know what they have on tap.  Music was annoying.  Seating was limited and cramped, and there was no attempt to hold people at the door when in fact there were no open seats in the place, so you had quite a few people roaming around trying to find a spot to sit or just simply stand and drink their beer.  Menu was rather limited too.  Won't be back.
5	I have been here now entirely to many times, so says my bank statement.  I wonder why...OH YEA....It KICKS ASS!  What a perfect place for a great little pub with more than 50 CRAFT BEERS On Tap and so close to home.  Dangerous and Delicious!
3	This first time I was here it was packed. My second time here and it is pretty full. It has a nice atmosphere her. It reminds me of pubs I 've been to in  England and Germann. The people seam to know the beer world. No punt intended. Lol I like the way they bring the large German pretzels to you on a large hanging hook. Something you don't see very often. If you ever wanted to try a beer you will not find in a store you will probably find it her. They have a small sampler beers on a board for you to try. I look forward and trying more beers here.
5	I've been there 4 times now. A random Thursday afternoon,  a Wednesday night, and 2 Saturday afternoon/evenings. No matter how busy it was, I always had prompt service. They are great with recommendations and are cool with letting you sample beers. The app is awesome for tracking what beers you've had & lets you make notes!  Inside is nothing great, it's kinda small. I love the patio bar- when you can get a seat. You've gotta try the giant pretzel & upgrade to cheese unless you're a mustard fan. The sliders are ok, although next time I'm ordering them without mustard- it overpowered the brat.
5	We were very excited when this place opened! We really have never had a terrible experience. Our last experience was the first time the we just did not enjoy our food. Our server Lindsey was very nice and she noticed that we were not really eating and offered to grab us something else. We declined but the manager James came over and insisted they get us something else to make up for it not being to our taste. Then who I believe was the cook came out and just said, if you guys want some dessert, let us know and it will be on us! They were really fantastic with trying to make sure we were happy. We did not end up having dessert because we were full but the gesture was very nice. One of the bartenders who was getting off of his shift even came over and said hi to us because he recognized us from coming in a few times before. When it comes to the food, the Pretzel with Beer Cheese is the best! Make sure it is soft though! The beer selection is great and the knowledge is pretty good when it comes to the servers. If they don't know, they always suggest you try it which is awesome because you can try until you find something you really like! Great job guys!
2	St Patrick's day and there were 8 people at the bar with 4 bartenders. Still waited 10 minutes for someone to serve me. Put down your phones and earn your tip. That's all we ask.
4	This place has quality craft beers and bartenders that know how to pour a good beer. The reason it did not get 5 stars is there is no shade for the outdoor seating which in the Arizona heat is quite unfortunate.Other than that I would recommend the pretzel with beer cheese. It is large enough for two people or one if you're feeling quite hungry. The place is also clean and the staff has a good grip on beer knowledge.
4	First, you got to like beer to enjoy this. Actually, you should really love beer. Luckily, my hubby and I do. A lot. I wouldn't go here for a cocktail, wine or a bud. Go here to try a beer you've never heard of before at a good price along with a decent snack. I tried a local brewery called Hess - a wonderful Russian Imperial stout. Then I had a Belgian flight of 4 beers for $10. The Ovila Brandy Barrel Aged Stout was soooo yummy and my hubby even liked it and he's not a fan of stouts. The only downside is it was a limited run so I can't find it anywhere else. One caveat - this place is tiny and loud. We sat outside, which helped, but there were a couple very obnoxious, loud drunk people out on the patio. The pretzel was delicious - huge and hanging from a banana stand. Very different. And where else in the east valley can you get a scotch egg? 5 beers down, 75 to go...
3	Same pros and cons as the Tempe location.The good - selection, variety, tap takeovers.The (really) bad - service, limited space, service (yes, I'm mentioning it twice), always way too packed, and bringing the incorrect drink.Overall, this place is definitely good enough to frequent when it's not packed as hell.
3	If you are a beer lover, WOB is for you.  More taps than I have ever seen and some really interesting season beers.  There are so many, in fact, that you find yourself trying a different beer each time you order.  There are also flights so that you may try a few.  I also like that there are spirit options for people who don't want beer so don't think that you can't go if you don't drink beer because you can. There are limited food options but the giant pretzel is really yummy.  I did hear they will be adding more food as they become more established so that will be nice.Music is loud and they often have live entertainment as well.  It can be pretty loud...oh wait, I said that.  Yeah.There is good and there is not so good.  WOB is just too small to give a better review.  I wish the space was about double of what it is.  On a Friday or Saturday night it is should to shoulder and forget about getting a table (if you don't arrive early) as it is next to impossible.  For me, that is just too uncomfortable a setting.  I think I will choose to enjoy WOB during the day or off nights from now on.
4	Knowledgeable staff especially the bartenders. The pretzels and fried pickles are great. Other food is so-so but we dont go for the food.
4	80+ taps, 600+ bottles. You're sure to find some good beer.  I usually get a flight or two to try new beer. Pretzels are good, so are the onion rings. The bbq chicken flatbread is okay. We like to sit outside when the weather is comfortable, wish the patio was bigger, but have never had a problem finding a spot. Service has never been a problem.
2	This place is okService is terrible Our server maybe came to the table twice while were there 2 hours Had to get up & go to bar to get drinks Margarita was terrible-super sour Pretzel was great though so if u want to grab a beer & pretzel then maybe??
2	Great choices of beer and the pretzel is amazing. The service is the worst I have ever experienced! Went for happy hour because Kona Grill was so busy and we really should have hovered to find a table at Kona!!
3	While out in Gilbert AZ visiting family, they told me about this place called World of Beers. Being a beer drinker naturally I had to check this place out. It looks like a restaurant upon arrival but when they bring the menus its all beer! With 50+ taps and at least 200 bottles you're bound to find a brew to suit your palate. This place has it all from fruity beers to hop heavy ipas. I always try to drink local brews when visiting new spots. So I went with a Dragoon brewing co. IPA pretty hoppy just like I like 'em. The service was pretty good our server never left us sitting with an empty glass for long. The bacon cheese that came out with out gigantic pretzel we ordered was awesome. Wish I could've drank it literally lol.. Well if you're ever out here check it out.
2	cool place with plenty of beer choices.  service wasn't a highlight.  guy with dark curly hair needs to rethink the service industry.
5	Great draft beer selection that changes from time to time.  The ambiance is welcoming with a great patio.The food is really good, but the selection is limited.We will be back!
1	My girlfriend and I stopped in to have a quick appetizer and beer and were severely disappointed with the service. When we sat down we each asked for a sample of a beer before we went ahead and ordered a pint, and put in an order of chips and salsa. It took our server over 30 minutes to bring our samples while we sat with nothing to drink. Take in mind that the restaurant was at half capacity at best. After we tried the sample we waited another 15 minutes to see if she would ask us if we'd like to order a pint and she never came. At this point we got up and walked out and went somewhere else.
1	They advertise being open for all World Cup games.  Here I am standing outside looking at a dark establishment and a locked door.  The game started 5 minutes ago.  I called and no answer.  Poor service.  Don't advertise it if you aren't going to do it.
3	Great beer and food.  Service was the low point.  Our server, chad i believe, seemed to prefer spending his time congregating at the end of the bar with the other servers.
3	This is an ok place at best to go to with friends. Or you can drop the wife off for shopping while you grab a beer and wait! The service doesn't come with a smile and the beer is warm I recommended this place to a friend but he was not impressed due to the temp of the beer He mentioned it to the server but she looked at him like he was an idiot and said she could put it in the freezer to chill if he wanted to wait When we asked for a frosted mug they said they didn't have that and the beer is always this temperature We have been here several times but sadly no improvements in serviceThe food is ok I like the huge pretzel and mustard or cheese dip There are a lot of different and novelty beers but again they are not frosty cold if that's what you like 1 star for the appetizer 1 for the selection of beer and 1 star for good location
4	If you want to try a lotof different kind of beer, this is the place. Food is decent, service is decent.  Tables jamed together. Kind of crouded and uncomfortable.  Kind of pricey.  I will go back.
4	Sit at the bar for better service.  Marie had a sense of urgency i hadn't experienced in previous visits.  Good recommendations too.
1	An animal rescue group I support held a fundraiser here in Feb 2014, and the owners promised to donate a portion of what was raised back to the rescue. Instead they kept all of the money. Very shady and we will not return!
2	The beer selection and convenient location are why we have come in the past, but I don't know if those are enough to encourage another return. The service started out great when they first opened this location last year- everyone  seemed genuinely happy to have you in and offered a sample or two of the beers before you decided. We even had some regular familiar faces that remembered us too, and that's always nice. Unfortunately,  the last few times we have always had a different server and they've all had just the hint of an attitude. Save it for Scottsdale,  this is a small beer bar in Gilbert, give me a break. The last few times I would qualify the service as mediocre at best, as well. Really slow on asking for refills or checking on you at all for that matter. The pretzel here is really good though,  I like both the mustard and cheese they serve it with for dipping. Its a little pricey, though, and there is an upcharge for the cheese.  I have had their flat bread before and it's nothing special to write home about. Oh, last time I was here I ordered a margar"ipa" which was explained as a margarita topped with an IPA. It seemed intriguing, but unfortunately turned out to be very poorly executed. It was served in a glass the size of a whiskey tumbler, the tequila was cheap, and it cost a staggering $12! I just laughed when I got the bill because it was so outrageous.  Originally I wanted to send back the drink when I first got it (not even realizing how much it cost) but the server disappeared for about a half hour afterwards so I just dealt with it.I started this review rating 3 stars, but as I have been writing I have concluded there is nothing here that warrants a rating higher than 2 anymore. It's a shame, because it used to be so much better.Edit: after scanning other reviews rating WOB similarly,  I actually found one that included a response from the owner in reference to someone's complaint about having a basic/limited menu. The owner offered an apology and a promise that a new one is on its way. I found this odd as a staggering number of the reviews rate low because of the poor/inattentive service,  yet no response or concession has been made by the owner toward this aspect (from what I have seen.) It just seems really weird to clearly hold an online presence, yet not actually respond to what seems to be a [more serious] recurring problem with the business. Anyway....
5	Their giant pretzel, wide varieties of beer, live entertainment, and a super friendly staff!
2	Sadly disappointed. My husband and I stopped in for a quick beer on our day date and quickly realized it wasn't going to be the experience we were hoping for. They only had two waitresses for the entire bar and sitting area. 80% of people's beer glasses were empty. They had a good beer selection which is why I gave them a 2 star, but we said to each other that the management could probably do a lot better here with the potential this place has. Unfortunately we thought it might be just the day we were here but my husband went on to say that he came a few weeks ago and it was the same situation. Bummer
5	My first time here and I had the greatest experience. My server was chad, told him what beer style I liked and he ironically brought me all of my favorite beers without even knowing. Had a great time, and would highly recommend this place!
3	Beer selection is outstanding and would give the choices 5 stars, but unfortunately for the good beer choices you have to be ok with sub par service.  The different styles of beer they have to choose from is impressive. They have something for everyone from the novice beer drinker to the beer aficionado!! As far as beer temps. I did notice someBeers are colder than other, but it wasn't something that bothered me to much as it wasn't that big of a deal. As for the service, let's just say they do the bare minimum. No one was rude, but they weren't friendly either.  For me if a place is known for hundreds of beer choices I would think the staff would be excited about promoting them and getting patrons to try new things, but NOPE not here.  Didn't feel very welcoming.  Just gave off a "meh" vibe. I'll stop by again for a quick beer "if" I'm in the area, but won't be a frequent visitor.
4	They had a 4 comedians come in and do stand-up on Friday night for an hour than also had a singer/guitarist play for at least an hour after that. Got to love the free entertainment, however get there early the place was packed, there was no place to sit!
4	huge selection of beers. friendly staff. large wrap around bar. supersized pretzel. come and check it out yourself!
5	Yoga Pants is amazing! WOB you have to get these guys back in here again. They only take requests... They have a keyboard and drums... Fire drill. Both guys play and sing, absolutely awesome ! You guys rock loved every minute if it!
2	Oh no!This is not World of Beer Tempe at all! The waitress was kind of awful.First, I must say, I am not a fan of beer that much. I lived in Ireland (the beer capital of my life) and managed to have a beer only once. Needless to say, beer and I do not mesh very well. However, I love World of Beer because of all the different varieties and you can literally find something for anyone.So I bring my visiting friends to World of Beer Gilbert. I'm excited to introduce them to this crazy fun little place. But if you go to World of Beer for the first time, it can kind of be overwhelming. That's why the waitress/waiter usually eases you through it - I mean they go to be classes, they're trained in beer...stuff, like, they should know how to help someone find a good beer.All our waitress said is that the menu is good at describing the different beers and let her know if we have a question. Then she disappears. She doesn't come back until we flag her down after waiting 20 minutes to place our order.The beer was good. The service was not.In fact, I was embarrassed that I talked this place up so much and that's what was delivered.World of Beer - I still have a place in my heart for you, but I highly doubt I'll be returning to this Gilbert location anytime soon.
2	If you are looking for a large selection of beer, draught and bottle, go for it. They have an extensive list, frankly, almost too big.If you are looking for good service or even just okay food, avoid this place. I'm fairly certain a grilled cheese should probably be crispy, even just a little. Waiting twenty minutes to get plates cleared, when there are at least six staff members standing around, also not in the realm of good.Let me add one more thing. I went there to play trivia. I thought the idea was to keep people there. The guy running it must have had a hot date tonight. He ran it like it was speed trivia. Normally, a host will ask the question, then play a song. In twenty questions not one time did a song finish playing. In all, an exceptionally poor experience. It only gets the second star for it's vast beer selection.
2	Let me just say the pretzel was huge.  It's a meal by itself. You better love salt because there is a half pound of it on that pretzel. What really surprised me was the beer. I had a local favorite called "Kilt Lifter" and they served it Luke warm.  The server then brought out a cold glass and poured my beer into it.  It did not help.I can't believe a place called "World of Beer" can't properly serve a cold beer.Nothing is always perfect. They get one more chance and if they blow it then they're off the list...
5	What can I say other than this is a great plaxe for CRAFT BEER. Tou should come here too!
3	I live nearby and have now been here at least 7 times. Each time is a totally different experience.  Some nights the service is fantastic....and other nights you barely see a waitress.  Sometimes they have the beers you want and sometimes it seems they are out of everything.  I wish they had more of a food selection.  The margarita pizza is great. I went one night and they had a special food menu with sliders. Bring those back please.  When live music plays, it is too small of a place to hear the person sitting next to you. Always packed on the weekends.
5	Love that they have 60 taps. Let me repeat that, 60 TAPS,that rotate out. Servers are well educated to be able to narrow down a taste that you will love. May I recommend the Boulder shake chocolate porter nitro If you don't like beer... It taste just like chocolate milk... No joke, I don't like beer and this stuff is awesome. But like I said be honest about your taste and what you like and the serves are not only pretty but intelligent deadly combo.The food.... Wish I could say it was good... Not much to write about here. It is called world of beer after all.
3	Great beer selection, awesome place to try something new with knowledgeable bar tenders...but......If your hungry, menu is anemic, and what I have had was disappointing.  If this place had good... Not even great food... I'd give it 5 stars...You have to know there's a problem when they allow you to bring food from other restaurants
5	We absolutely enjoyed our first visit , we were invited for a meet n greet for singles arranged by Zanthi Zembillas, we had an amazing time. The choices in Drafts were outstanding great place for an evening of fun and friendly staff and Miss"Z" is was quite the gal...I am so glad we were invited to World of Beer, we never knew..We will definitely be back and spread the word.
4	Obviously an excellent, well rounded beer selection. That's what you're going here for, right?If you're hungry, don't expect a wide selection from the menu. It is neither lengthy nor diverse, and it is a bit pricey for what you get. On the other hand, what I ordered was served promptly and was super tasty.Service was excellent, and the bartender was knowledgeable about the beers available, even offering a taste before having to commit to a beer from the on-tap selections.
