3	I have been a customer since their Liberty Avenue days when it ran by a different name.  They are currently located right by the new Fifth Avenue PNC building.  The staff is extremely friendly and their doctor is super nice.  So far I have gotten two different pairs of glasses and the process was painless.  I'm sure there's cheaper places out there, but, at least here you're getting reliable service.
4	I went to the oakland location for a free eye check up as a part of one of their facebook giveaways. I was seen right on my scheduled appointment time. The doctor was a really nice woman and who made me feel comfortable. They also  have quite a nice selection of affordable frames. Overall, I'd recommend it over any of the existing optical centers in and around the area.
4	I went to the Oakland location of 3 guys optical last week (corner of Forbes and Atwood). I scheduled for the free eye exam and contact lense fitting (not free), and I did not need to wait at all, which is super nice. The eye doctor (Christie?) was very friendly and professional, and I got my trial contacts right away. I don't know much about eye exam fees and stuff, but for 40 dollars I got an eye exam + contact lense fitting, without having to wait or travel to some random faraway places (in Pittsburgh that is such a pain when you don't have a car), so I thought it was worth it. Plus it's really close to CMU (and UPitt) so I found it very convenient. I took one star off, because the frame selections weren't very big. And the good ones cost a lot, especially when you need high index lenses for your glasses. I heard there's a special that's $99 for 2 pairs of glasses, but that offer does not apply to high index lenses, only the regular thick lenses. So if your power is high, be prepared to pay more.Overall I had a great experience at the Oakland store, and I would definitely recommend it to students.
2	Initial service was great. Easy exam, super-friendly. However, follow-up warranty service has been a little lacking.About 1 month after purchasing a pair of $350 dollar glasses (with much touted lifetime warranty), the rubber collar on the ear stem split. I stopped in to get a new one, which was ordered. I heard nothing for a few weeks, so stopped in. I was told the part was on back-order, and they staff person was sorry that no-one had called to tell me. Fair enough. They offered to put a piece of shrink-wrapped plastic on for me. I found this odd - wouldn't it void the warranty? Would it even come off? I declined.A few weeks alter I called again. My original order staff person was on vacation, so the person I spoke to couldn't tell me much, other than the part did not come in. Meh.A few weeks later on, still have not heard anything. I call in again, and am told to expect the part next week. This has taken at least two months.I know they are dependent on Oakley for the parts, but to have to constantly call for an update seems a bit absurd in this age of text messaging and email. I would think also that if they have sold many of these glasses, or had difficulty dealing with Oakley and parts in the past, that information may have informed a different choice in frames.
4	Brightly painted in reds and yellows this not your typical optometrists office. There is no corporate feeling here. I'd like to think its hip and chic especially when it comes to us four-eyes. The front desk staff (Jaime and Denise) are awesome. You don't have to worry about that cold "sit down and wait for your doctor to see you" attitude you normally get going to any physician or specialist. I'd recommend letting them help you pick out the type of frames that work for you. I told Denise that I didn't like metal or rim less frames and that I only wanted plastic frames that were square. Within about 5 minutes I had an awesome selection to choose from. She did try to sell me on some goofy looking Ray Bans but clearly I'm not a Ray Ban kind of girl. With my glasses picked out (black pair of Candies and some really fun all white ones) I was ready to make my appointment.If you're shopping around for a good optometrist Dr Burke is super awesome and extremely friendly by the way!
4	Very nice staff. Their selection of eyeglasses is interesting, the realllly nice ones will cost you. Overall, two pairs of glasses for 100 dollars can't be beat.
3	I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote this...It has been about two months since I had my exam at 3 Guys and purchased eyeglasses. I was really excited to try this place, but it didn't send me over the moon like some others had experienced.I would like to give 3.5 stars.  I think that this location over booked itself because I was waiting for about a half hour before I was seen by the eye doctor. I went in and was paying cash for all my services.   I picked up a really pretty pair of purple frames but I was told that those of for insurance carriers only... I don't get it.  I thought that cash customers should get to chose whatever frames they would like. I felt like a second hand citizens yet again for not having insurance.  The price tag for my glasses and eye exam was about $324.00 .I am not sure how or why they sale insurance coverage glasses only.  I have never encountered such a thing before.  Does some one care to enlighten me?All 3.5 are for my lenses in the two months that I have had them have not scratched once that's pretty impressive and they have a pretty sweet student discount too.
5	Very pleased with the service and my new glasses. Appointment was on time and the exam by Dr.Burke was very well done - he even noted that I was raising my head to look out of the bottom of my glasses. Selecting new frames was easy and an ipad helped me see what I'd look like in the new glasses. Jamie did a comparison of cost using my insurance vs their special for the week. Always happy to save a few bucks.Overall happy with 3Guys and recommend it.
2	I went to 3 Guys Optical because there was a $50 Groupon for $200 towards a pair of glasses. To make sure this was a good deal I looked on their website and saw the "1 Complete Pair for $79.99" thing so I was sure I'd be able to get a new pair of glasses for just the $50 I spend on the Groupon. Well I was very wrong. This place was nothing but a headache from start to finish.First I went in for the initial eye exam. My doctor tried to convince me I needed to buy 2 pairs of glasses, one for the computer and one for "distance activities", which I had never ever heard of anyone else ever having to do. But since I already had an older pair of glasses I'd been using to watch tv with I opted to get the "computer glasses" prescription. I was astonished when I had to pay another additional $150 to get these glasses, even after using my groupon. And after reading some reviews on here I'm guessing the "complete pair for $79.99" deal doesn't actually exist. If I hadn't already purchased the groupon I probably just would have said no thanks.I picked the glasses up, tried to use them at work the next day and they were awful. If I looked anywhere other than my computer screen I felt like I had vertigo. I called back and told them I wanted the lenses changed to "distance" prescription because it was exactly the same as my old glasses prescription. They hemmed and hawed for awhile, saying I needed to come back in and they didn't think it was a good idea to get those if I was using a computer but eventually ordered me new lenses.  When I finally got THOSE glasses back, they lense prescription still didn't seem right when looking into the distance but I was so sick of dealing with these people I just decided to continue using them for the computer only. So now I have a $200+ pair of RayBans I can't really wear other than when I'm staring at the computer.I also want to note that anytime I went into the store it took whatever tech was on duty about 10 minutes to ask me if I needed help with anything. One time I went in and there was another customer and I was completely ignored until he'd made whatever ripoff sale he was trying to get him to buy. Next time I need new glasses or contacts I will not be going here.
5	I'm from out of town and my glasses broke. I call 3 Guys to see if they could fix them. Of course they could. I took them in and left them. By the end of the day they called me to say they where ready. They fixed them for free. I couldn't believe that there are people out there that believe in costumer service. Thank you 3 Guys Optical
5	I went too 3 guys optical for my first time and it was a great visit I got my new glasses really fast and they look great. Thanks too ms.jamie she did such a great job really taking care of everythin.:) thanks too ms.jamie and 3 guys optical I appreciate it.  And i look forward too coming back soon for more glasses. Hope to hear from you soon:)
4	I've been going here for a couple of years now. I like that scheduling an appointment is easy, with lots of availability. That staff is very friendly.  Reordering contacts was a breeze and they even ship for free to my house.  I also get phone and email reminders to schedule my eye exam.  That way I won't run out of contacts! I also have an inexpensive pair of glasses from 3 Guys.  I don't wear them all the time, but I am happy with them. My only complaint is the lack of parking near the store, but it's great for anyone who works nearby.
