5	The availability of great beer continues to expand across Charlotte and methinks the opening of Good Bottle Co is some of the best news Southend has received in recent history. These brilliant front doors are located right off of South blvd on Remount and is easily accessed with generous amounts of parking in an adjacent lot. There's also a sub shop opening next door soon. Winning. A perfectly designed shoppe for the beer-minded. Whether it's craft from NC, 22oz bottles, imports from everywhere, or any of the draught beers available, you won't leave without finding something to whet your hop-craving palate. We settled on an obscenely tasty growler of Pale Ale from Catawba brewing. The owner even informed us that they'll be filling growler to order soon as well. Stoked. There are a couple places to sit inside. Bar, tables and even a 270 degree setup that will be great for tastings. They're currently working on getting some nights set up for later hours. Can't wait to come in and hang out. Food truck roundup needs to happen here. Thankful that Good Bottle Co is inhabiting an easily accessible space in Southend. Welcome to the neighborhood, guys!
4	Upon hearing that Good Bottle was opening in Southend, I immediately thought "Oh, a Salud closer to my house, awesome!". However, Good Bottle definitely has its own thing going on. Yes, there are shelves lined with cans and bottles (divided by type: ale/lager/localNC/ipa/seasonal), a few coolers filled with growlers and more delicious beers, and a series of taps that rotate rather frequently, but the space differs with its very clean warehouse feel to it, and serious organization. Those behind the bar were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable (even on a busier night), there were a few different options for seating, and I look forward to returning and perusing again when there are fewer bodies stuffed in the building! With their current hours and the almost sterile feeling environment (maybe this will pass as the business ages), though, I feel this is a more stop in, and maybe have a beer while I pick out a six pack to bring home, location. It just didn't appeal to me as a stay for awhile and attempt to get cozy on the backless metal bar stools... yet.They don't serve food but Papi Queso was in their parking lot, so good to know it's on at least one food truck's route! I also love the map behind the bar letting you know where the beers on tap are from (and usually a little NC heavy, which is awesome).
4	Stopped in after reading an article in the observer.  I had a few beers and enjoyed talking to the staff and looking around at the beer selection in the store.  Beers and service was good.
5	I came to Good Bottle Co. after the SantaCon brewery crawl, having learned that they carried Four Friends' holiday brew (the fabulous 9.1%ABV Santa's Dirty Little Secret).  I am by no mean a beer snob.  In fact I'm still relatively clueless.  So when I walked in here one night after work in search for some Christmas gifts for the boys, I felt a little lost.  So lost I didn't even realize I walked into a private beer club event.  Oops.Well... beer drinking people are good people, what can I say.  I was immediately helped by a guy, which turned out to be a patron.  The only person working there was busy behind the bar serving the party, who eventually finished out helping me with the selection of pale ale/IPA. What I like most is that the selection is great for a tiny store, and I can buy one of whatever fancy me at a very affordable price.  I ended up with a 4 pack of random selection, and he even gave me a 4 pack holder from another beer to hold my loot and be able to present my gift nicely.  I am all for local businesses, especially when they have good service, good products and good price.  I will have to come back DURING business hours and check it out more.  I think the only down side I saw is that most of the beers aren't chilled, so it's really meant to be purchased for later consumption (granted they do have a bar in the back portion of the store)
5	This place is nothing but trouble for me. My darling husband and I probably spend more time here than we should. Christmas Eve? Check. We were there...picking up a growler and a couple of bombers for the holidays. What's not to love about Chris? Here's a guy who is passionate about great beer and offering it in a unique environment. My favorite aspect of the shop is that he always has amazing local beers on tap as well as an INCREDIBLE selection of bottled craft brews. There's something for everyone. Truly. I love just sitting down with 16 GOOD ounces, making small talk with other bar dwellers about beer. Odds are, Ben G will end up picking out a "build your own 6-pack" while we're there, and we will head home full of hoppy goodness. Follow them on twitter and you'll see updates about tap takeover nights, special tastings nights, and events like this week's CMYE. Chris and Good Bottle are here to stay, and Team Getz is happy about that.
5	Awesome beer selection, located walking distance to all the new apartment communities in the South End.  Chris, the owner, is beer savvy and extremely personable.  They always have a great line up of draft beers that are always changing so you can bet on having a delicious brew every time you go!
5	Great selection of beer. The staff is super friendly, and not to pricey.
5	South End needs a good bottle company. Wait a minute... this place! They have a great selection, just tons of beer. There's also a cooler with various growlers of local beers. Speaking of which, they have something like 10 taps and most of them are NC beers. It's a neat place to hang out or shop.
4	Fantastic selection of beers and you can even belly up to the bar and enjoy one on site.
5	Low pressure #beerducationChris at Good Bottle Co. has found the perfect combination of retail know-how and bar-next-door ambiance. Whether you're swinging by to stock up for a party or lingering over a diverse draft menu, Good Bottle Co. is a key part of the #CLTbeer scene.
4	Great place to have a wide-array of Carolinian craft beer. Not only can you buy the beer there you can also have a cold one on the spot with the owner...very unique experience.
4	Great atmosphere inside this place.  They have a bar but it does not stay open late.  Good to stop by in the afternoon.  All the beer "to-go" is by the bottle so it is a little more expensive.  They do have a good selection and get some beers that are a little hard to find.  Definately worth an occasional trip to.
5	You know you've got a good place when the last time you were there was at least 2 months ago and you're still a familiar face... I love the layout of this place... It's a clean space with shelving, beer and minimal knickknacks...  The selection seems overwhelming because when you're used to seeing so much Bud Light and Michelob Ultra, I guess your senses perk up when you're in the midst of numerous craft options... And I might sound like a typical noob when I say this, but I love checking out the awesome labels and bottles... The shelved beers probably need to be chilled depending on how you get down, but if you're looking for something to taste quickly, there's coolers on one side and a bar in the back...If you head to that bar in the back, that's where you'll find Chris with all sorts of delights on tap... He'll let you taste a little to see what you like and tell you all about it... I love the little map on the wall that shows you where the selections you're drinking are from... I'm a dork like that...OH!  Check out is really fun... It's all on an iPad and you can email your receipts to yourself... I like that... Less paper to stick in my purse... lolIf you're looking for a good time, Good Bottle is definitely the way to go...
4	Shop for beer while drinking beer! Grab a beer from the bar and browse the diverse selection organized by style. All the beers are sold by the bottle (at a slight premium).
4	Good bottle company is a great little place to grab some beer to go or to sit at the counter and enjoy a few on tap.  They also have a few tables to sit and enjoy a few as well. We stopped by after eating at food truck Fridays to check it out.  The boys ordered some beers on tap while the ladies got some kombucha out of the fridge to drink.  Kombucha is fermented tea with varying flavors added. Yeah it was new to me too until a few weeks ago.  It is basically non alcoholic with low calories as it is tea after all.  It's perfect for the wife in a beer store, but the whole story on Lenny Boy Kombucha is for another review.  To be honest,  I am not sure if you can get beer bottles from the fridge to drink there, but like all other beer places of this type, I would be surprised if you could not. While this place is not near my home, I would not hesitate to return whenever I am in the neighborhood.
5	I swing by once a week to fill up a mix-n-match 6-er. Awesome beer selection! Chris gets new beers in all the time.
5	So glad we finally checked this place out. If you want to find a unique beer, this is the place to go. Amazing craft beer selections as well as on tap. They had 11 draft beers, only one was not an IPA, which was interesting. It has so much potential from a "hangout" type spot, as it currently operates more from a market type feel. If they added a few seats outside on the porch area, it'd make for a great place to sit and have a couple of beers with a beautiful skyline view. The location is great with easy access to light rail and ample parking on south blvd. I'm not sure their policy on bringing food in, but may be a good place to grab a bite to go and take it to Good Bottle Co., that is once they add some seating options. It was also nice to see the owner working on a Friday night. Always great to get to know the business owner - usually makes the place easier to appreciate!Can't wait to go back!
5	Great spot. Come hang out for some craft brews!
2	Nice variety of beers, no Miller or Buds here, but rather harder to find and much lesser known beers. Good spot if you're looking to try a new brew. And a nice tall rack of seasonal selections as well. So why the two stars? I've only been here a few times and never have taken home any of the bottles that grace the shelves but only sampled the beers on draft. This last time I asked the bartender for a small and asked hey what's something light - he turns around, grabs a glass and immediately pours a beer. Nice light selection. Don't even know what it was - only had the one 8 oz - yes, 8 oz - beer and paid out - $6 for an 8 oz beer?! I get that there is some more expensive beers on tap but absolutely hate hate hate when a bartender price gouges you like that - how about simply naming the beer before I agree - or telling me the price? He didn't even give me a chance to agree - I just said I wanted a light beer and he turned around and poured it... there's 8 choices on draft and I get the pricey one selected for me.  Apparently next time I'll need to specify hey I'd like a light beer but feel free not to pour the most expensive on tap.
5	Great bottle shop to get some good Bottled Beers.  They have a huge selection of Beers and it is divided up into flavors and style sections.  Secret Tip: Go and Get some good drafts on tap in the back. Their map tells you the location it is from.
5	Awesome place!  Great for just hanging out or just getting quickly in and out for your beverage needs.The parking lot is a little tight with a lot of compact spaces and a shared lot with next door neighbors Penn Station East Coast Subs, Unique Fitness, Flight gone MAD, and a Canine Cafe, but the building is brand spanking new and in a prime location (corner of South Blvd and Remount).Very industrial feeling when you first come in, but the bottles and bottles of beers on metal and wood shelves give this place a cool vibe.  When you venture in the back there is a crazy awesome bar to sit at with concrete counter tops and 12-13 taps.  On the back wall is a nice map with numbers - then I realized the numbers correspond with the taps from left to right (facing the bar) and each beer is listed at the bottom of the map.  The corresponding number is placed in the location the brew hails from.  Awesome system especially since I leave a lot of places asking myself, what did I have?  where was it from?  The map - while visually striking (black and white) is useful and is a conversation piece as well.The black and white theme of Good Bottle continues throughout the store with it's beers (organized by type) and little nails in the shelves with old manila tags resting on the nails with alcohol content, price, and more info.  You can build your own six pack or grab one out of the fridge to drink.   If you like beer, definitely check this place out!
5	If there was a heaven designed for beer lovers... I'm pretty sure it would look something like this.Conveniently located right off South Blvd, Good Bottle is both driver and light rail friendly. The place has a very cool, industrial type look to it. If you're looking for Miller, Coors, or Bud... then this is not the place for you. Instead, it offers a WIDE ("wide" should be in 72 pt font) selection of suds from local to import to EVERYWHERE (maybe not 72 pt for this one) in the form of bottles, drafts and even cans. I don't discriminate against any type of alcohol, but I wouldn't describe myself as the biggest beer connoisseur. However, the minute I discovered an entire section of pumpkin beer in the seasonal section... I was sold!More than just a place to shop to stock your fridge, Good Bottle is great place to grab a beer at the bar after work or start your night off here.Cheers!
4	Someone needs to update the hours on the site here. They do not open at 11 it's 12noon
5	I usually haven't been to many places like Good Bottle, but now that I have, I will definitely try to get out here more often! The selection of beer here is definitely not what you would get going into your neighborhood grocery store. Hell, you may not even find a good portion of these brews in a Total Wine. The location is alright, located in South End, for me it's on the opposite side of town. The interior has an accurate feel for the kind of business- bar and small brew market. TV's, bar seating, restrooms. Unless drinking at the bar, the beer is available mostly in bottles I'd say. You buy by the bottle, but their packaging is in cardboard 6-packs. Some brews are available in cans, some are also available cold, in refrigerators. Growlers dude. Great set-up.Ideally, if you're looking for a rare brew you can't find most places, this is the place to find it.
5	Great bottle shop on the south end. Plenty to choose from.
5	If you live in the Dilworth / South End area of charlotte this is the place to come for a great beer selection. Good Bottle has a very neighborhood feel yet very industrial. Killer selection - great prices - 12 taps - awesome hours - extremely personable.
5	Awesome shop! Clean open layout by style. Neat section of North Carolina brewed beers in the middle. Chris is great, very helpful. I picked a few things we can't get in Georgia. I will absolutely go back next time I am in town. I believe he had 12 on tap to sell by the glass or growler. Today was stout day on the taps so it was right up my alley.
4	Just now realizing I hadn't wrote a review for these guys so here goes....First, the place is managed and owned by some of the nicest people you will meet.  This is a no pressure kind of place and they are more than happy to help you find what you are looking for and if they don't have it, they normally know when or if they can get it.Secondly, the place is chock full of beers of all kinds and organized by style which makes it super easy to find a new style or a old favorite.Lastly, is the fact they have super great beer on tap almost all the time and will fill growlers for you.  Not to forget, they have stainless steel growlers for sale there as well.  Makes an awesome gift for beer nerds.Parking is adjacent and Penn Station is right next door if you get hungry after hanging around to have a few.
5	I love a place that's not afraid to exclusively specialize. Such as Good Bottle, all they're unabashedly serving is good beer. Not shitshow beer like bud light. But great stuff like Triple C's Up All Night and beers I can't even pronounce. During the appropriate seasons, they offer tap takeovers of the best offerings of the season.
4	Good bottle co aka where da funk did all my money go is an awesome craft beer bottle ship.  They constantly have new/limited releasee beers on tap ( fill dat growler) and their bottle variety is outstanding.  Grab a six pack holder and skip around the store and choose from the various beers that are organized by style.  There is a fridge full of cold ones if you want to grab some to go as well.  If you know a beer lover or are an alcoholic this is the place to be.
4	Great little spot if you are looking for a wide beer selection to take home or to hang out with you beer drinking pals. Low key, quiet, half bar half beer store with a few tables sprinkled in for larger groups. About 12 very varied beers on tap from locals (OMB, Noda, triple C) to Carolina's and farther flung breweries. Right now, in winter, lots of darks and porters. With someone not so adventurous? Order from the "Father-in-law" tap, the most mainstream option. I was not there when Chris the owner was in the house which I am told I missed out on as he is super friendly and makes you feel at home. I felt a little more like an interloper without that experience
4	The best place I've found to get some great and unique microbrews. I love that I can make my own six packs so I don't have to be tied down to one choice and can mix and match for any occasion.I also love that you can buy any bottle to drink in the store or saddle up the bar and get some unique drafts from the 12 or so taps.The only downside is that the drafts are bit more expensive than most places especially if you get them in half pints (for variety). However, the owners are always great to give you a recommendation based on what you like so I have never regretted trying a pint of something I've never had before.
5	The Good Bottle company is accurately named. For a beer enthusiast like myself, The selection is the best I've found in Charlotte! The owner is always pleasant, clever and he keeps his store clean, fun and well stocked!
5	Fun place to hang out on a chill night. Follow them in facebook and they post what they have on tap from week to week
5	5 stars without doubt! This is a great place for grabbing a few pints (the tap selection is always impressive), building a custom 6 pack, or buying hard to find limited release brews. The place is on the pricey end of the spectrum with and isn't recommended for someones daily watering hole (unless drinking $8 pints are in your budget), but I try make a weekly trip down to south End to get my Good Bottle fix! The owner is always willing to engage in some solid conversations about various beer related topics (a must for a beer snob), and the bartenders are very friendly. Check their website/Facebook page before you go. They always post up a current tap list and any upcoming events that may be on the calender.
5	Incredible craft beer selection. This is a must-visit for any beer lovers living in or visiting Charlotte.
5	This is a great spot for beer lovers. Especially beer lovers searching for craft brew. I love that Charlotte is getting more of these specialty type stores. This is great for the South End area.They sometimes have special events- like making breakfast while watching America vs Canada in hockey. I'm assuming they have a FB page or something to keep up with that sort of thing.
4	We came here on a brutally hot day in the afternoon.  The staff was very accommodating and let me come inside since it wasn't that busy yet. They have concrete floors that felt great on my belly. We shared one of the communal tables with a really nice guy, thank goodness he was so welcoming...my mom and dad were sweating bullets and needed to take a load off!By all accounts the beer tasted fresh! This will become a regular hangout for my pack. The place has special events and brings in food trucks, can't wait to try that. Also, since I'm still a pup and full of energy, I may come back and get some of their coffee for my mom. Some days I wear her out!! To top it all off, GB is located next to Canine Cafe. We popped in there after and my auntie bought me a cannoli for being such a great dog in public!
5	One of my favorite things about living in South End is being able to walk or ride to Good Bottle. It's easy to get there just off the rail trail/light rail. The owner, Chris, is a super friendly and knowledgeable guy. They have a great assortment of beers (bottles and cans) to choose from and they also have plenty of cool events (like Beer Camp or even some Saturday morning events). They do have a wall of cold beer offerings as well.  Make sure to follow on Twitter or the social media of your choice to stay up to date on new releases and events. About once a week or so, they'll run a special like $4 NC beers or what not that is just enough to motivate me to go from having a beer on my couch on a Wednesday evening to heading down for one of the 12 beers on tap. There are a lot of craft beer joints around Charlotte, but Good Bottle is definitely one to frequent.
5	Friendly people and great beer. Besides bottles, they feature a bar with about a dozen lines of craft, mostly local, beer.
5	Yes, yes and yes. Such a great place, great beer, great staff. Love it and wish they were closer. I know they partner with other local vendors to do saturday morning breakfasts some weekends and that come fall, there is a brewery opening next door! Cant wait! Make sure to visit! Good beer, good place!
5	As someone who loves beer....but hates to admit that I don't really know much about it, Good Bottle Company is the perfect place to wander into. There is no bottle-shop intimidation once you enter the doors. Whether it is the owners, employees or patrons, you can ask anyone for their advice in making a selection and they will willingly and politely help you.  I love the laid back atmosphere, you can find a few people belly up to the bar in the back, a couple of co-workers catching up on the patio outside and someone wandering the isles. I also recommend this spot as a great first date location (just make sure your ex doesn't stop in while you are there, like mine did). You can sit at the bar and try out the variety that is on tap and dive into anything you like off the shelf or fridges. If the date is the dud, you can leave easily after a drink or two and if it is a winner, then head down to a spot in South End to continue your evening. All in all, this is my favorite bottle shop and I hope to see them stay around for a VERY long time. PS: I absolutely love your branding design. Well done sir, very well done.
5	Great selection, fantastic environment and even better people.
5	I've had a great experience every time I've visited this place. Laid back environment, with a polite staff. Nice organization of the brews by style and a special section for "local brews" as well. Being located in Columbia, I appreciate the refreshing selection of local suds! Thanks fellas and keep up the "Good" work!
