4	Practically all of my friends either really love Winners or really hate it.I used to be a member of the later group but then I switched over to the former and I'll tell why and how.I too used to be one of those shoppers who would see the long racks and be disheartened. Nothing was laid out in an orderly way unlike other department stores or boutiques. So how are you supposed to find anything in this chaos?Here's the strategy. All of Winner's racks are labelled according to size, TP (tres petit), S(mall), M(edium),L(arge), XL(arge). Each section has a different colored hangerThen there is a different aisle for different pieces of clothing: Dresses, Jeans, Blouses, Short Sleeve Tops, Sweaters, Long Sleeve Tops, Jackets, Pants (slacks), Exercise Tops, Exercise Bottoms, Juniors, etc.Say you're looking for a sweater.All you need to do is look for the 'Sweaters" aisle and figure out  if you you are a S,M or L and go to the appropriate size area. And you just look at one after another. It usually takes less that 5 minutes to see if there's anything there that might catch your interest. Same strategy works for shoes, boots and undergarments.I've found designer jeans, cashmere sweaters, leather boots, silk scarves, great summer dresses, leather purses, shoes, heels and sandals over the years at very reasonable prices. The trick to Winners is that you have to stop in often.While I find the quality of the clothing has sort of declined in recent years, I do find that each Winners seems to have a better selection at one thing over others.Atwater: Best Clothing, Purses and ShoesMcGill: Purses, men's clothing, household stuffDecarie: Exercise clothing, yoga gearLasalle: DressesMarche Central: Purses, Dresses, ShoesNote: Winners is the Canadian equivalent of TJ Maxx in the States, the parent company also owns Marshall's, a bit more upscale which will shortly be coming to Canada
4	I went to Winners yesterday in search of a dress for Christmas and New Years. Something that could be accessorized and adapted to several events over the holidays. I know they have a petites section (for shorties like me!), which is nice, as a lot of places don't carry petites sizes.Even though I didn't find a dress on this occasion, I loved browsing the more "glamorous" inspired evening wear, and usually, I can find a few items that are flattering on me.
4	Winners is awesome to come grab nice gifts that wouldn't be a bad bargain for huge Christmas or gift shopping. Always stay look on for smart sales. You could get away with up to 100 dollars in savings on a good day.
4	Ahh Winner's, I have a love hate relationship with these types of stores. Pro's: lot's of different brands in one spot, the thrill of finding a really great item that I would really want at full price but getting it at a price I like better. Con's: Sifting through lots and lots of stuff you don't really want or need but somehow convincing yourself you do, dealing with too many people abd long lines.I've been to quite a few different Winner's and I agree with a previous reviwer who said different locations are good for different things. I live close to this location so it is convenient for me, as far as selection, you really have to come often in hopes of finding a gem in all the garbage packed among the endless rows of clothing.I popped into Winner's last week for same reason I normally come here, with the goal of finding a particular item, I mentioned item, not items, but like always, I left with more things then I planned on getting!I needed some hangers, those velvety thin ones that clothes don't slip off of, I found a pack of 20 for 16$ which was a good deal. I decided to wander around some more and ended up leaving with a few cute tops, a pair of flipflops and Puma workout socks.I like this Winner's but i can't say I find as many amazing things as I used to find  a few years ago.If you are brave enough to wade through racks and racks of items and battle hoards of greedy female hands, Winner's is worth a visit.
4	Coming from Seattle, I'm very accustomed to the likes of TJ Maxx, Ross and Marshall's. Personally, these types of stores are not for me. They're all hit-or-miss: you could hit pay dirt and find all that you need (and more) within 10 minutes, or you can spend 2 hours trying on every piece of clothing in the whole store and not find a thing. When I was in my teens and 20s, I loved these stores, as I often found treasures for a steal. And even if I didn't, the quest was part of the fun. Nowadays, my time is more valuable and I can't spare the extra hour or more to find items that may or not be available there. All that said, my family had fun exploring this store during a recent extended visit to Montreal. My mother often comes here and gets basics (socks, black t-shirts, etc.), as well as at the Winners at Decarie Square. I brought my two teen daughters to this store in Alexis Nihon Plaza and one kid in particular had a blast here. Again, it's the whole "the thrill of the hunt" mentality. And treasures were indeed found: hip lunch boxes for school, decent quality earbuds for the iPod, a few trendy tops, a scarf, other unmentionables. All at a good price.  And I liked how the store was well-organized, clean and easy to navigate.
