4	I ordered 2 pizza's from here today to take to some friends who are volunteering for the election.  Everything was ready in less than 30 mins.  The pizza was good - nothing fancy - not too greasy, sauce was good.  I should have ordered the large instead of the medium. I would definitely order from here again.
1	This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.
1	Provolone sticks arrived undercooked, cheese was fully solid, they tasted okay. The pizza also arrived undercooked, the dough itself was partially uncooked in the middle. I had to put it back into my own oven to finish it off, and then it was greasy and just okay.
2	Worst pizza I've had in Pittsburgh. I ordered from here last weekend. The pizza (pepperoni) had no flavor and the crust was way too chewy. The Buffalo wings were cooked well, and were tender and juicy, but they had almost no sauce on them whatsoever; luckily I had some wing sauce in my fridge in order to save them. Maybe it was one bad night, and I can give them another chance later, but based on my one experience, I can't recommend this place to anyone.
4	I order from these guys on campusfood.comThey are pretty good .. i get my order on time and their quality has been pretty consistentI mostly get things like hoagies and pizzas.. they are pretty decentThis place is pretty convenient for me when I am working on campus late at night when most other places have shut down.
5	Great Hoagies! I always get the Steak Deluxe hoagie and my wife gets the Italian Deluxe and then we give each other half of the other ones hoagie because we can never decide on with one to get.
2	Ahh, the only place near the train station that is open past 9 PM, isn't overpriced and/or full of people who are way too jolly for such an early hour. I got a slice of cheese pizza and onion rings. The pizza was decent. There was nothing flavorful about the sauce and the grease would not stop oozing out of the cheese. I felt sick before I got halfway through it. That reminds me - the slices are HUGE, and are $2. The onion rings were extremely basic - I gave most of them to a couple of drunken girls who debated about what to eat for half an hour.One irritating thing I overheard: as a girl was trying to place an order, the cashier kept interrupting her to say things like "we don't have those anymore" or "no, we can't cook wings dry." Sounds like the menu and staff needs to be updated.
3	I had some pizza from Pizza Parma today during a lunch meeting at work.  A colleague brought it in, so I didn't pay for it and can't comment on the price.  I had a few slices of the pepperoni pizza and found them to be resoundingly average.  Nothing special, nothing especially good or bad.  Crust, sauce, cheese, pepperoni, fin.  It was a little greasy, and quite cheesy as well.  I was starving so I really enjoyed it, but I think overall the pizza is pretty generic.  Still, for a late night slice or if you live nearby and just need to pick up a quick pizza for dinner, I'd say go for it.  Just don't have very high expectations.
3	Pizza Parma has many of the characteristics I like in a pizza joint. 1) They deliver when they say they will, 2) Diverse menu and toppings, 3) Coupons, 4) Online ordering, and 5) Take credit cards. I think Pizza Parma shines with their specialty pizzas. Artichoke, Buffalo Chicken, Spinach & Feta, and Greek pies are all delicious. I've also had some of their pasta dishes, and I can't complain. It's nice to have something other than pizza delivered; the portions are huge, and they come with bread and a salad. Pizza Parma fails on wings, though. The texture is unappealing (aka, flappy chicken skin-- yuk!), and the sauces lack depth. Desserts are also not worth the buy.
3	I like the pizza and the selection of toppings.  They are reliable.  Great option for take out food.
2	This was one of first pizza places that I've tried inPittsburgh. It was about 5 years ago. I don't have a clear memory of that time but I have Parma pizza phobia ever since... So go figure...
2	I've should have known better than to order a salad from a pizza joint.  I also should have known that I shouldn't have cheated on my diet.I figured I'd choose today to be my cheat day and order with everyone else at work for take out.  I opted for the Popcorn Chicken Salad.  Sounds tasty, looked tasty, and yes it even tasted tasty.  Iceberg lettuce, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, french fries, popcorn chicken, and three types of cheese.  I have to say that even though I was saying yes, my body was saying, 'OH hell no!'I'm regretting this decision now as I am sitting here in discomfort.  Not sure what on the salad made me feel this way.  But I'm not liking the effect I'm getting right now.  Could just be karma turning around and kicking me in the ass for eating what looked healthy but was really nothing more than the equivalent of a fried chicken sandwich combo meal from a fast food joint.I'll think twice before the next time rolls around to order from here.
5	Good food
3	Three stars is super accurate for this place. We decided to do take out from here after walking by it a hundred times after the gym and hearing radio commercials about it from that god forsaken BUBBA SHOW (does that plug raise anyone else's blood pressure??) Our order was ready in 15 minutes (speedy!) and we got a large 1 topping pizza for ~$8 and a side of fries. All together like $13 for three people, which is pretty good. As for the pizza, the crust was crispy and not too thick or thin, and the sauce was sweet, not seasoned. I prefer a more herby sauce myself, so I wasn't wowed by it. The fries were a bit soggy, but tasty. Overall, if I were in a pinch I'd order from here no problem but it's not a place I'd set out to order from because I love it.
3	Pizza Parma delivers through GrubHub, which is the primary reason I ordered sandwiches from them. BBQ chicken was ok. The bread is a little more on the burnt than toasted side, leading it to be dry. The value is good. The 20" sandwich was about $11.
3	If you find yourself craving pizza on a Saturday night, you can't beat $9 for a large cheese pizza. I also enjoy the hoagies as they are lightly toasted for a nice crunch.I can't speak for the pastas or appetizers, but the Pittsburgh style grilled chicken salad is a dependable choice.
3	Great friendly service and my order was done fast, which was amazing since I was a walk-in. Lots of toppings piled high but I wish there was more cheese. They did have small bottles of vanilla Coke, which is a rare find these days.
4	I have to say, I maybe (/definitely) had these guys programmed into my phone when I lived over in Shadyside. I term this branch "Good Ole Faithful," as they have come to my aid during many times of need, which possibly includes Saturday nights at 2am (sorry for having to deal with me, guys). The pizza is freakin cheap and pretty damn good, especially for the price. I maybe (/definitely) use to call them every Monday when they had an extra-large one-topping pizza AND an order of bread sticks for only 9.99...... 9.99! I'm not sure that they still run this deal, but I could generally get a large cheese for about 10 bucks, and you can't really beat that. Not too greasy, just enough but not too much cheese, their pizza (and actually other food items, which is surprisingly quite extensive) is better than average and tasty for a night in alone or stumbling in with friends after a night out. I usually just walked over, where's it's perfectly nestled in the shopping center across from Mad Mex and Buffalo Blues on S. Highland- however, they deliver too- and both options are surprisingly quick. Enjoy!
3	Take out and delivery only. Good pizza and our go-to for delivery. Love the hungry man special- cheese pizza, breadsticks, hoagie, and a two liter for $23. Pizza is good- cheesy and delicious. I like the sausage pizza here as well. The steak and meatball hoagies are our favorites. Service is fast and friendly.
1	When my boyfriend and I were down with the flu, we ordered some food here through Eat24. I got a chicken noodle soup and he got the seafood calzone. When I unpacked the food and tried a sip of my soup, I found that it was cold and had bubbles in it, as if there was soap in it. I couldn't really taste anything, but my boyfriend said it smelled like dishwater. To say the least, I was disappointed in my soup. When my boyfriend cut into his calzone, he said the cheese was barely melted. We thought it was undercooked and touched the outside. It was cold, as if it was sitting out in the open for a long time. He tried to take a bite, but the dough was barely even cooked and the contents of the seafood calzone was cold and tasted sour.This was our first time ordering from here and it was such a sad experience to have, since our food was inedible. I heard this place was good and had great calzones and tasty soup, but what we received was the complete opposite from the praise I've heard about this place.
3	Some friends and I ordered a couple of pizzas for delivery from here tonight.  We'd bought a few growlers of hard cider from a local establishment, and we were looking for some fuel to help us soak up the booze.  My friend suggested getting pizza from here, and I didn't object, since I'd never had pizza from here before, and I'd heard the pizza from here was consistently decent.The pizza showed up about 45 min. after we ordered it, right about at the time estimated, so no complaints there.  As for the pizza itself, it was solidly A-OK--nothing special, but nothing horrible, either.  It was a bit on the greasy side, and I could tell from pulling the first piece away from the pie that the crust wasn't crispy.  Biting into my first slice of pepperoni pizza confirmed my suspicions about the floppiness of the crust.  As for the flavor, it was your standard pizza flavor--again, nothing special, but nothing horrible, either.  It was more greasy than I'd like, but not to the point where I felt it necessary to dab off the grease with a napkin (though I was tempted to do so).As the bottom line, the pizza was fine for our purposes (to soak up alcohol). It was better than Vocelli's, and about on par with Papa John's.  I wouldn't go out of my way to order from here again, but I wouldn't object to it, either.
1	I am not a mean person, not a vindictive person. I bear the friendly people of Pizza Parma no ill will.But their pizza was remarkably terrible.Went there, hungry, a bit past midnight, looking for a little something before going home to sleep. They don't have slices--this seems to be a (terrible, stupefying, egregious) trend in these parts. Fine. The smallest pizza, a "personal" pie, costs $7 and is 7" in diameter. The cashier and I agree that that's a very small amount of pizza, and since I'm hungrier than one and one half mouthsful, I get a "small," which is 10". I add a mushroom topping. I pay my $11.21 and wait.There are two seating options inside the store: a small wooden bench, and two fold up chairs around a little table. Conveniently, they were using the wooden bench to store a rolled up carpet that laid across the whole thing, and they'd also elected to fold up the two folding chairs, probably because they were tired from a long day of being used as chairs. So I waited outside the store on a bench.The friendly cashier and the friendly patrons waiting for their order indoors called me over when my pizza was ready. I took it outside, sitting in the cold to eat it, thinking, "I hope this $11 pizza is pretty good." Opened up the box, saw how pitifully small a 10" pizza is, and started eating.Let me say something about pizza: if you have decent cheese, decent tomato sauce, flour, water, and a hot oven, you can make a passable pizza. I will eat it and think, "well this isn't the best pizza I've ever had but it's fine." That is not what I thought when I ate Pizza Parma's pizza. I thought, "it would be too rude and insulting to ask for my money back. I'll just try to eat as much of this as I can."I ate three out of the six "slices." (One sixth of a 10" pizza is a total of *25/6 = 13 square inches. That sounds like a lot of pizza, but in fact is a tiny amount of pizza.) I couldn't stand to eat more than half. The mushrooms were fine; I fished them out and ate them. The cheese was actually terrible; it had a strange chemical taste and plasticky appearance. The crust was poofy and not crusty.Ashamedly, I threw half of a pizza away tonight. Folks, I am not a food destroyer. I eat things I don't like, and expired foods, because I don't want to waste. It takes a legitimately terrible pizza for me to actually throw the thing away.Went home, made some eggs, and guess what? The terrible cheese taste from an hour and a half ago? It's still in my mouth. I'm not making this up.I know there's good pizza around here. Ordered two back to back slices at Spak Brothers--delicious! Tasty! Reasonable price! But whoaaaaaaa whoa was this terrible, overexpensive pizza. Sheesh.
