5	This is truly a quality business.  They were extremely helpful and polite even though the purchase we needed to make was less than 3 dollars and they knew we were from out of town and possibly wouldn't ever be back in their store again.  Diane went out of her way to help us and was a pleasure to work with.  I would definitely recommend this company to anybody in need of medical supplies.  Some of the best service I've ever received at a retail store of any sort.  Thanks Freedom for having what we needed when we needed it and making it such an enjoyable visit to your store.  Fantastic!!  The only way I could think to reward them for their service since I likely won't be back in Vegas and in need of medical supplies to give them my future business, was to write reviews online about my great experience with them so hopefully others will reward them with their business and enjoy the same level of service that we did.
4	I came here to help prevent wear and tear on my body for the upcoming year of teaching. 12 years of standing all day is making for tired feet and tiny veins on my legs. This store had a great selection of inserts for shoes to help with arch support. The very sweet and helpful clerk walked me through which items would work best for me. She took my measurements to get me the exact size pair of socks. I left with a pair of insoles and compression socks. The store was clean, organized, and the clerks were very pleasant.
1	I went here instead of the medical supply I usually go to because it's much closer to my home. Wrong move. I received poor customer service and an unwilling attitude to help with insurance billing. I would not recommend this place. Unfortunate since I work in the healthcare field and regularly send patients to the other medical supply business. Oh well, bigger is not better.
1	The guy in the store has a very poor customer service.. he looks very mean. He will price your stuff quickly without asking or interogating your medical insurance..Very poor customer service.....
4	gotta rollator walker from them.exactly what i needed and they take medicaid. they rock.
