1	A dear friend of mine was charged an extra $5 just for being male. Don't get me wrong, he is a pretty manly guy; but why should that matter? He likes to take care of himself, look as nice as possible for the ladies, and needed upkeep done to his nails that - being a guy - he wasn't equipped to do himself (or maybe just wanted some pampering - who cares! we all deserve that as well). It just infuriated me, perhaps more than it should; but then again, any one should be infuriated this day in age to see any human charged extra for a regular service on the grounds of their sex, race, creed, sexual orientation, etc. Especially as women, we should be upset. We don't like when this sort of discrimination happens to us. We also spend all of this time harping about equality. How does it look when we praise equality, but allow this to happen to a man in a place that is considered "our territory" by the general public? Not to mention, aren't we the ones that started telling men it is okay to get manicures and pedicures? Didn't we encourage them to get pampered and take care of themselves, assuring them no one would think them less manly or discriminate? We did. And now being male got thrown in a good friend face (and WALLET) by these jerk offs at US Nails. I will never go to the place and, frankly, I will think less of you if you do.
1	If I could give this place NO stars I would! The manager (short hair) who greets you is horrible rude.  They refuse to have a sign in sheet so if you walk to a near by store and come back you lost your place in line and you're back where you started.  When I asked to leave my name she ignored me then when I stood there waiting for an answer rudely said she would take me if I come in before 7 and it is now 6:52 and I am still waiting for her to finish with someone else, who she took while I was outside.  Her work is good but her attitude is horrible and none of her other staff shapes my nails as well as she does but how horribly I was treated here, my third visit will be my last because I refuse to be treated like this and still pay $50 for a gel full set!
5	Best Nail Salon in Town! Always on point with my nail set, pedicure and eyebrows! Holly does a great job along with the rest of her employees! I have been going with her for over 7 years now! Reasonable prices and wait too!
