5	I have been Chipotle faithful for about 2 years now, and it wasn't very difficult.  Restaurants such as Rubio's and the Blue Burrito just didn't stack up to a Chipotle burrito.  Then came Qdoba.This restaurant is pretty much a carbon copy of Chipotle (2 of the employees on duty actually worked at my former Chipotle of choice).  I had a chicken burrito (my Chipotle norm) so I could make as direct of a comparison as possible.  The food was great, and afterwards I didn't get that "punched in the stomach" feeling that Chipotle gives me for some time after I eat it (I am convinced their rice expands in your stomach, but it tastes good so I suffer through it).  I also picked up their frequent customer swipe card (buy 10 burritos get one free + free chips and salsa after activation).  This place is closer to my place than any Chipotle, so I will be coming very often! P.S. If anyone if privy to the correct pronunciation let me know!(ku-doh-ba???)
5	Qdoba is just another cheap Mexican place (very similar to Chipotle) but it's still really good!Expect the usual combinations of rice, bean, meat, etc... but they have a wider variety of choices like taco salads and quesidillas too.The place was clean and the staff was quick, helpful and polite.  Plus Qdoba offers a frequent buyers card and you can redeem your "points" for free food.  Eveybody like free food!
3	I've never been to Chipotle, but I imagine this is what it would be like. It's basically like a Subway...but for burritos. And nicer!On the boyfriend's recommendation, we split a Queso burrito with chicken. He declared that the burritos here were HUGE so we should just share. I've read about how a Chipotle tortilla was 300+ calories alone and was scared that Qdoba would be the same, so I agreed. I'm not sure if I would agree with his HUGE assessment. The burritos were pretty stuffed and fat, but not very long, if that makes any sense. I probably could have eaten a whole one on my own, but even after nearly 3 years of dating, I like to give the impression of a small, girlish appetite. Plus I ate most of a giant jar of chex mix prior. Anyhoo, back to the burrito. It was okay, nothing to rave about. I wasn't a huge fan of the liquid nacho cheese sauce inside. I'd come back, but would probably get something else.
1	This Qdoba is walking distance from where I live and I have avoided this place for a very long time because I love Chipotle and I had a feeling that Qdoba sucked. Qdoba does suck. Everything here is bland the rice, beans, and cheese are bland and the guacamole tasted like lemon paste. I will never eat here again.
4	4 Stars for Qdoba... I eat here often, mainly because i'm one of the cheapest people you will ever meet when comes to getting lunch, and mainly because I use their Qdoba points card which gives me a free burrito after I buy 10 or something... I would normally rate them 3 stars because it's usually "just ok", but when you can catch them at their prime lunch time, everything just seems so freakin BOMB!!Go Qdoba!
4	Good place, just like Chipolte but with a little more options it seems like, went there the other day and no one was inside, got my food quickly, I didn't oder a drink so the cashier offered me a water cup with out me asking, very friendly.
4	I still haven't decided whether I like Chipoltle or Qdoba better; it's a close call. Either way you can get a huge  vegan burrito for under $6, how can you complain about that?Bonus for Qdoba is that their pinto beans are Vegan(Chipolte's are not). I usually grab rice, black beans, fajita veggies, corn, hot salsa, lettuce, gauc - done. They also have some veggie tacos and another grilled veggie burrito but I usually go for the staple above(make it more healthy with a bowl, no rice, double black beans).The service is usually friendly enough and consistent. My family and friends in the far reachs of Northeast New England long for Qdoba - I am not sure if I would go that far but it satisfies this Vegan.
4	The food is good and inexpensive.  A reasonable number of options for that burrito to choose.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is positive.  A clean place.  The portions are reasonable for the money.A good cheap eat.
4	I would say this place is similar to Chipolte. My work is close so i checked it out for lunch. I had the puled pork burrito and it was so good. I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. It had pulled pork, grilled red onion & green peppers, rice, pinto beans, sour cream, and hot sauce. These burritos are big enough to eat half and save half for later or split with someone but I ended up eating every single bit of that thing. They have salads and tacos as well. Check it out!!!
5	So, freaking amazing! My fiancee and I eat here frequently because the quality and value of the food is top notch. I will say that of every thing that I have tried, I did not care for the seasoned ground beef tacos. My personal favorite item is the 3 cheese queso burrito. Eat early if you are going to get burritos because they are huge and will fill you up for the rest of the day!
3	Like others have said, its just like Chipotle.  Jack In The Box's version of Chipotle (which used to be a McDonalds company).  Someone could give me a chicken burrito made the same way at both, and I probably would not know the difference.  Chipotle's chicken has a little bit more spice, but other than that I can't see much of a difference.They do have slightly more variety than Chipotle does in terms of the entree's you can get.  I see no point to drive out of my way to go to a Qdoba, when there are like 5 times as many Chipotle's around.
3	The Q, in a nutshell, is a Mexican fast food chain, like Chipotle, but with a more flavorful and a more varied menu. Which is great in theory. The problem is that once you've had some great Q, it leaves you craving for more. And this particular location seems to me to suffer from the sub-par franchisee syndrome. Let me explain: You know how you can have good Subways and then the not so good Subways? Same chain, same meal, but very different experience... Well, same thing here. Specifically, my former co-workers and I used to freqent another location, close to my old office in Los Angeles. And when I say frequent, I'm talking almost daily for a few months there. Or so it seems. We loved it. But the food and dining experience at this here location just doesn't seem as good. Maybe the lower volume of customers means that the ingredients are sitting around longer. Maybe it's the staff. I'm not sure. So, in conclusion, better than Chipotle, but not as good as some other Qs.
4	The only thing I tried here was the vegetarian Taco Salad.I like the crunchy shell.Fresh ingredients.lettuce, dressing, black beans, sour cream, tomato salsa, red salsa, corn.It fills me up for at least 3-4 hours.I usually get a to go box for it, but when I'm really hungry I eat the whole thing...people wow at how such a petite gal could chow down the whole thing.Its called being hungry.I really wish they had the smoked chiplote tabasco sauce here cuz it would really go well with my taco salad.(yes, I'm a chipotle addict and decided to give this place a try :p)
1	I went to this because my girlfriend is absolutely in love with this place. She said it was better than Chipoltle.Qdoba is the equivalent of Jack in the Box compared to Chipoltle. It's dirty, smelly, grimy, the employees are rude and look dirty and it smells.There was hair in my food. The tables were unclean. It basically is a sewage dump in this restaurant.
4	Once upon a time, there were Q'doba restaurants all over the place.  Now, you have to look for them....it's like an Easter Egg Hunt trying to find one.  Luckily, the Yelp app on my iPhone found one relatively nearby.  I made the trek to seek out their Queso Steak Burrito, which is one of my favorites.  I think they put crack in their Queso Sauce.....that's the only explanation I have for wanting to drive a ways to grab something from this joint.It didn't take long for me to finish the Queso Steak Burrito and a Side of Chips.  The Chips were *bleh*, but the Burrito was awesome.  I'll definitely be back.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ePxLE7eU4kRoags_ytAAg?select=vA0CDhsc27IY9r2zUjBUXAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/1ePxLE7eU4kRoags_ytAAg?select=aopb2citCn_x0UF-KeMI2AReturn Factor - 90%
2	This Chipotle-wannabe place isn't so great.  Similar setup with the line and selecting your ingredients, and equally stupid pricing scheme wherein a bean & cheese burrito can be made, but if it has even a teaspoon of salsa also then it's a veggie burrito instead (pay up, buddy, for that teaspoon of salsa).  Staff was a bit grumpy and terse on my Saturday night visit, especially the older overweight lady who seemed to be the manager.  Salsa portion that comes with the chips & salsa order was pathetically small.Food was decent.  But... there's Chipotle about a block away, so why mess with Qdoba?
4	Great alternative for a quick healthy dinner. Can be as healthy or unhealthy as you wish. Enough of variety to make the entire family happy.
5	I love this place the more I go to it! The service is completely out of the ordinary for fast food and now they have something called, Mexican Gumbo. Holy schneikies it's good!!! Can't beat the prices either! If I had a choice of this place over Chipotle, I would choose Qdoba ANY day!!!
4	Had the Naked Burrito w/ half chicken and half steak. Staff was friendly and the place was clean. The food was fresh and reasonably priced.
4	I love the naked chicken burrito and the queso with chips is very good. I have experienced friendly service and  I am sure it won't be long before I am back.
4	I come here often.  I get either the nachos or the queso burrito (I love their 3-cheese queso, it's amazing).  But usually the nachos, since you can't get those at other burrito places like Chipotle.  Sometimes the staff here need some help, but the food is always good.
5	Always taste fresh and great. Employees are always friendly and funny. Good price.
2	I have been going to this location for about 4 years and recently the customer service and cleanliness have gone way down. I still love the food, but I will probably not be gong to this ocation anymore.
2	I originally went to Qdoba's step brother's place, Chipotle, but there was a long line, so I went down the street to Qdoba's (no line), and ordered a Chicken Bowl (to go). I was quite hungry, and when I ordered, I was surprised (and my hungry stomach), of how little they put in there..... I had to tell them to put MORE in, Rice, Beans, Chicken, etc...    I'm used to going to Chipotle almost every night for dinner (yes I'm a bachelor and don't cook), and they pile it on (without having to ask for more).If Qdoba is trying to be like Chipotle they are doing it wrong.Just fill up the bowl without me having to ask for more, and I'll be one happy (repeating) customer. Cheers
4	Yes, Four Stars.Actually Qdoba is pretty close to Chipotle in taste and setup (see photos).  You get in line, tell them either Burrito or Taco, what beans, onions, guacamole, et cetera you want, and before you know it you are enjoying a flavorful meal.I found Qdoba is trying very hard to stay relevant in a very crowded "fast casual Mexican food" segment. and seems doing a good job and business.  I came here a few weeks ago on a whim and enjoyed myself.  It was around 2 pm and they were just recovering from a busy lunch crowd.I believe some of the pluses that standout from that visit is the diversity of the food menu and variety of choices when you are ordering.  One example is their Queso.  Yes they have it and it's as delicious as anything you can make in your microwave at home. LOLSo Four Stars and "Yay! I'm a fan."Enjoy!
3	Now that they've opened a Q'doba in Old Town, we don't come to this location very often.  However, they seem to make larger sized portions at this one.  The Queso Sauce is still very addicting....I crave it from time to time.We come to this location when we don't feel like driving to Old Town and dealing with the late night tomfoolery down there.  This one is situated in a normal shopping area.  As long as it stays open, we'll keep coming back.Return Factor - 80%
3	Used to prefer it to chipotle for food quality and taste... the food today was bland and didnt have much flavor. The employees are friendly, the place isnt busy. Not sure ill revisit.
2	Up sold on many items in burro and greedy with the grilled chicken. Huge tortilla but this company likes to make it look big with rice and beans only.
3	Went to this restaurant by paradise valley mall. Have huge tortillas and a very nice looking menu.
3	Very friendly!  Quick food that is similar to Chipotle but with more traditional dining experience.  Serving portions were big and you get a good value for the money.  Good go to place if you want something quick and filling.
4	Always liked this much more than Chipolte. The burritos are stuffed and huge. The chicken is really, really flavorful. I feel it is a healthy alternative to other fast food Mexican joints. The new mango spicy salsa is great in the burrito. There are also plenty of options to go into the burro.
3	Just like everyone else said, similar to chipotle. Not great but not bad.  Came for their promo on Mango Mojo BOGO - salad or burrito. I got the salad with the tortilla shell. The girl serving didn't exactly look happy to be there and mumbled when she asked me questions but no big deal. Salad was good overall the pieces of lettuce were really big that you have to cut it into pieces yourself. For those who like spicy, their mango hot salsa is maybe closer to medium so those who like medium, order spicy. For those who like spicy, try adding their non-mango spicy salsa.  Hopefully that will help up it a notch.
2	We drive 25 minutes every time we want Qdoba. The last couple times our food has been great, but the service sucks. Employees are rude. They don't great you with the typical banter. It feels a lot like we are inconveniencing them. Not sure it's worth the drive anymore...
5	My daughter and I LOVE to go to this Qdoba... the service is usually great.  We have even ordered catering for a party at out house from this location, and it was a huge hit!
3	I've visited this location 3 times in the past month or so.  The first visit was perfect, but the last 2 visits on Saturdays have been horrific.  The food would have been acceptable if it didn't get ice cold as the staff prepared our entire order.  We are a family of 5 so I expect it to take a few minutes to prepare our food, but 10+ minutes, come on!  They appear to be either under staffed or just don't give a crap.  Not sure what to do, my boys prefer Qdoba over Chipotle, but this service is making it tough to come back.  At least with Chipotle, we know our food will be warmer than room temp.
