4	Nice clean hotel with sleep number beds.  Like it.
5	We just had a meeting there last night and it was great!  The food, the service and atmosphere were all above par.  =)
3	Don't be afaid this property is a little remote, it's a lovely resort, well appointed and comfy rooms; fantastic and friendly staff and oh, the views of the mountains and desert! If you like casinos...there is one right on the property!
3	Great spot; food ok; staff does try but not the best...love the views and the room.....
3	I actually liked the location because th views were just amazing.  Sunset over the pool, nice area to walk.  Rooms very spacious.  I am not a fan of the beds - you control the comfort level of the mattress, but wasncomfortable.  The bar was nice as was the restaurant with good food.
3	I stayed here for a real estate seminar.  The hotel was nice and so was the room.  However, it is in the middle of nowhere.  Unless you have a car, you are stuck.  The staff was very helpful.  The restaurant was good for breaksfast.  The casino was fun, but very smokey.  The conference facilities were nice, but the internet was very slow.
4	This is really a neat resort!  It's a little remote...but the views are wonderful here!  the rooms are comfy and  the employees are great!  Very accommodating!  On location - there is a casino, several restaurants, walking trails & AZ sunshine!
1	If you ever want to stay at a hotel in the middle of nowhere then this is it.  If Casino's are your thing then this is also the place to be.  Otherwise, with hot water boiler problems and a 40 minute drive to civilization from dining to working out then this is your hotel.The fitness center needs total improvement as it is so basic that unless cardio is what you only want to do it is better to go offsite to a real gym.
2	did a little gambling and spent the night - room was "so so" the sleep number beds aren't my thing.  Gorgeous view of the mountains but the place was pretty dead.
5	My husband and I drove out there from San Diego for our anniversary trip. He grew up in Scottsdale so he enjoyed showing me around.  The hotel was very nice and up to date.  The pool area is fun too and the drinks at the pool are good.  The staff treated us very well.  I defintely recommend it, but just beware that it is a drive to Scottsdale or Phoenix.
4	The real attraction is the casino. However, the pool area has nice seating and a good layout. We like to take the kids on hot weekends to enjoy the pool. The rooms are pleasant. I have enjoyed a good massage at this hotel. We Koe Pa Golf is terrific. They have super cool fireworks around independence day.
5	I am critical of hotels and resorts because I expect them to do anything they can to make my stay a good experience. The Radisson did. I thought the room was great. Nice furniture, nice furnishings and accessories. You can make the room DARK because it has 2 separate sets of curtains- sheers and the black out ones.  The bathroom was a good size. Everything worked. The shower was great- good pressure and as warm as I wanted it to be. The A/C was also able to be controlled by me and I like that. Only negative was that the fridge wasn't really cold. I put water bottle in there and they did not get cold.  And they have sleep number beds. It was set at 75 and I couldn't get it to change. It was fine and I slept well. I was there for a conference and we had meals provided. The dinner was great! A nice tomato and mozzarella cheese balls with a light dressing in a martini glass to start. Classy. A steak with potatoes and veggies and rolls. And then this giant cream puff for dessert. It was delish!!! Then breakfast was buffet style- eggs, potatoes, tons of fresh fruit, danishes and muffins, bacon and sausage and more I can't even remember. Then lunch was a wedge salad with bacon, tomato, red onion, blue cheese and a italian dressing as the starter. A southwest chicken breast on mashed potatoes and carrots and asparagus as the main lunch and then tiramisu for dessert. Really filling, large portions.Scenery was gorgeous. To those that say this is in the middle of nowhere- you are right but just around the corner about 2 miles away you can find anything you want from a Starbucks to a Target. They also have several restaurants and a buffet and a casino but I didn't choose to go visit them.  The grounds are gorgeous and you can see the Fountain Hills fountain from the property. They have a nice large split pool and a big hot tub also with lots of shade and seating. I am thinking of a nice getaway for my husband and I to this place soon. When the weather cools down it will be gorgeous to sit outside.
3	This hotel is in the middle of nowhere.  If you stay here, you will definitely want to have a car, to get to Fountain Hills or back into Scottsdale.  The hotel itself is nice and the staff is very friendly.  I stayed there for 5 nights and found the room comfortable and quiet.  They have sleep number beds, which I did not find comfortable, but other might.  I was there for a business meeting, so all of the food I had was catered from the hotel and was excellent.  i did not eat at the onsite restuarant.  The Fort McDowell Casino is a toilet, filled with smoke, but it does have a sushi bar.  :-)Overall, nice hotel, just close to nothing except a 20 year old indian gaming casino that has seen its better days.
2	The hotel is decent but the Casino (the only reason to stay here) is old and tired. While "The Fort" was one of the first, when compared to other modern Indian Casinos (Talking Stick and Gila River) they have fallen far far behind. If you like blue hair and bingo this is your kind of place.
4	I flew into Phoenix for a business trip this week, picked-up my rental car and headed off to the Radisson Fort McDowell Resort in Fort McDowell, Arizona. Past Tempe and Mesa I drove and into the mountains, the whole time thinking that I must be headed into the boonies or something. After about 40 miles I arrived at the Radisson Fort McDowell Resort and was pleasantly surprised. Situated on an Indian Reservation you wouldn't expect much from this place but you'd be wrong. The resort is great! Very nice inside and out, modern architecture, comfortable rooms and fine dining. This is a real desert oasis!Although the architecture of the resort and hotel is modern it features a southwest flair and southwest inspired motifs throughout. They also used a lot of natural stone for many of the floors and walls which looks great and helps give it a rustic look. Our room was spacious with two queen sized beds, a 40" LCD television, a small desk, easy chair, and the other usual amenities like a wall safe, closet, ironing board, etc. The furnishings were again modern like the rest of the hotel, but with some southwest flair. Unfortunately the TV signal was not HD and the wireless Internet was pretty slow but serviceable. The beds were super comfortable, very plush, and we both slept wonderfully.Outside the resort features one of the nicest, if not THE nicest pool and pool patio deck I've ever seen. Check out the photos I posted, it is one cool looking pool. With natural stone and water features the pool is large and very nice. We went for a swim one evening and enjoyed the heated pool and especially enjoyed the hot tub. They have two hot tubs and like I said the pool is very large, so I expect it doesn't ever get too crowded.The next day we attended a sales training at the on-site conference center. The conference accommodations were very nice, good lighting, and clean and well maintained. The food that was provided for breakfast, lunch and snacks was good. For part of the day there was another conference in an adjacent room and they were noisy from time to time, sometimes interrupting our conference a little, but otherwise the conference space was great. The walls could be a little more soundproof I think but overall it was fine.I'm not a gambler or slot junkie so I spend much time in the casino other than a quick look about. The casino didn't look like much although it was plenty busy and people seemed happy enough. The Fort McDowell Casino is certainly no Las Vegas but I expect for the citizens of Phoenix, Mesa and Tempe it might be nice enough for a weekend away. However, smoky, gross smelling casinos aren't my thing personally.All in all I couldn't say anything nicer about the Radisson Fort McDowell Resort as a hotel. It was a first rate hotel and a great place to stay. Sure it's a drive from Phoenix but it was worth it. If you're in the mood for gambling you'd probably be better served elsewhere but the casino might be worth a try... If you're attending a conference or are looking for a place to hold a conference this is a first class place.
2	While the boys make it a golf day, the ladies spa away...at least that was the plan. This was my first time visiting Fort McDowell and I must say that for being a Radisson, the grounds were nicer then I would have expected. The pool is spacious, the water is ice cold (which is perfect on a hot day), the cocktails are very reasonably priced (around $6.50) and the staff is friendly. However, sadly, the spa was anything but a "day spa." Spa days are my weakness. For me, taking a spa day is the perfect escape from reality and a way for me to go on vacation without the costs of flights and accommodations. I enjoy spa days because I can arrive early and enjoy the amenities. I like to check in with the aroma of spa scents welcoming me and spa music calming the atmosphere. I like to enjoy the woman's locker room with amenities like a personal locker, jacuzzi, showers, sweet smelling products, etc. I also like to sit in a calming waiting room and clear my mind before my service. Did I experience any of this at the Radisson's "day spa?" Sadly, I didn't experience one aspect of this. Instead, this is what I experienced...I entered the Radisson and followed the signs to the "spa." I entered the room that claimed to be the spa and instead found myself in a meeting room converted into a small gym (similar to those found in corporate motels). I looked around for the spa entrance and didn't see anything. Finally, I saw a small sign on a cabinet that said to check in to the spa at the gift shop. I walked down the hallway to a gift shop where the lady working the counter checked me into the spa. I asked about a ladies' locker room but learned that one didn't exist and instead, I was given a key for a "locker" that was against the wall of the mini gym. I came to the spa planning on working out, getting my massage, using the amenities and ending the day at the pool. Instead, I sat on a chair in the mini gym while waiting for my service. As it turns out, the spa is actually three rooms off of the mini gym. The spa doesn't have a ladies' locker room, a proper waiting area or any feeling of a spa at all. The workout didn't happen because the gym only had two treadmills and both were being used. Instead of changing in a ladies' locker room, I had to take my bag into the solo bathroom in the gym to change into my suit. My friend and I both booked massages for the day but they had to be an hour apart. Now I know why. It's because they only have one massage therapist. I didn't see any other treatments going on during my visit either. Now, my experience is no fault of the massage therapist's. She was professional, nice and provided a nice massage. The massage therapist mentioned that I was not very relaxed during my massage and I wanted to comment back that it's very hard to relax when you're getting a massage in a random room off the hotel gym with the hotel hallway on the other side of the wall. The icing on the cake was when a group of people (maybe on a tour?) walked in on my massage. Yes, they walked into my massage room right smack in the middle of my massage. It was one of the most awkward moments of my life. Again, the massage therapist was wonderful and I feel bad that she has to be associated with this disappointing spa experience. Don't be fooled by the long menu listing a variety of treatments. All will be done in a maximum of three small rooms off the gym. There is no sense of spa here and if I could have canceled my massage upon arrival, I would have. This shouldn't be considered a "day spa." If they are going to promote anything, they should say that offer "spa services" within the hotel, but there was nothing that fell within the "day spa" category during my experience. It doesn't take a lot to please me, but when I'm spending a decent amount of money on a spa day, I expect a spa day. If you visit this hotel, stay the night and enjoy the pool and renowned golf course, but think twice before booking a spa day here.
3	This review is for their conference center only, not the hotel.Can I just first say, turn the AC doooooooown! I know it was 100+ out, but that doesn't mean I want to be a frigid 63. Not to mention...wouldn't they save money by not blasting the AC so much?  I digress.I was here for a local workshop/conference for 4 days and we were given full breakfasts and lunch for those 4 days. I had to make sure to write this review in order to say how much I loved their stuffed chicken. It was served to us and normally meat is so dry or undercooked for things like this. But this stuffed chicken was perfect! Juicy. Tender. Soooooo dang tasty! St
1	This is a cautionary tale. This hotel occasionally offer Groupons and you should UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES buy a Groupon to stay here. I bought a Groupon for a one-night stay back in 2011. I never got a chance to use it before it expired, but I figured it was no big deal because (like most Groupons) it clearly says in the fine print "The amount paid for this voucher ($89) with Radisson Fort McDowell Resort NEVER EXPIRES." (emphasis from Groupon, not added by me... you can also see Groupon's FAQ web site, where the answer to the very first question states that you can *always* redeem Groupons for the amount paid). Several months after the expiration date, I called the hotel hoping to use what I believed was an $89 credit I already had toward the price of a full-priced room. To be clear, I was not asking for any additional discount and was just trying to book a one-night stay, at regular price, on a weeknight in the middle of summer. It's not like I'm asking for much. Instead, I got a major run-around from booking agents, had to call twice, talked to two different reservation agents who couldn't tell me whether or not I could redeem the Groupon, and had to leave a message with someone on a special Groupon line. Today, I had a call back from someone identifying themselves as a "manager." I was told that I could not use the $89 I had already paid as a credit. When I confronted her about the fine print on the Groupon and my past experiences redeeming expired Groupons for face value, she told me: "I don't know why it says that. That isn't our policy, you should contact Groupon and see what they have to say." This hotel wasted a good deal of my time in failed attempts to make a reservation and made no attempt to keep my business by offering me a lesser credit or an alternative discount for my troubles. Worse, they do not honor the commitments made on their discount offers. I guess it's a buyer beware situation, but the general public should be made aware that the Radisson Ft. McDowell does not adhere to the stipulations in the fine print on Groupons. You had best bet that I'll be contacting Groupon to complain about this, and Radisson management can expect a letter from me as well.
5	one of the best shows at the casino with black uhuru!!!!!!!!hotel is 5 star plus!!!!
5	Casino: D+Average customer age might be 82.  I felt the staff was at best not particularly friendly and at worst rude, despite us dropping considerably more cash there than the average nickel-and-dimer they seem to attract.  The sushi place wouldn't seat 8 of us at two empty tables despite the fact that there was no one sitting there, it was late, and we were about to order hundreds of dollars worth of fish.  Apparently you have to be an 'elite member' to eat at these fancy tables (they weren't fancy, and there was no one at the restaurant).  They would only serve us at the bar, which was fine but at that point we were so offended we refused to give them our business so we left.I'm not looking for a ton in a casino, and I had very low expectations, but this place was terrible.  The only reason it doesn't get an 'F' is because the poker room was great.  Try to get a table with Luan the dealer, she's great.Anyway the casino is not affecting my review since this is a review for the hotel.  Just wanted to point it out.Food: B-Good, not great.  Good wine and beer selection.  Had a few issues with rude staff but overall good.Resort/Pool: A-Much better than anticipated for the price (see price, below).  Still, even if we had paid a lot more I still thought it was nice, clean, rooms were great.  Nothing to blow you away but still really nice.  Our suite was HUGE with conference table, fridge, sink, etc.Price: A+Couldn't believe the package rate we got with golf (see service, below).  You can stay at the Four Seasons near Troon for 4-5x as much, but this place is 90-95% as nice.Service: A+IF you are golfing, make sure Cynthia Polo puts together a package for you.  Feel free to use my name.  Aside from that I felt like the entire front desk staff and security were all very accomodating.
1	We stayed here only because a wedding we attended took place here. We were part of the wedding party. We reserved two rooms. We were told that since the wedding was at 4, we could have early check-in, to get ready for the wedding.They lied, Other friends and family were told the same thing, and were treated the same way.When we arrived at 11am, we were told that the earliest we could check in was 4pm! I told them that was impossible, because the wedding was at 4, AND THEY SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT.The staff at the front desk really did not care. They were rude . They did not even try to solve the problem. Only after begging and pleading for a couple of hours did we finally get a room at 2:30pm. We were told that we could only use the room just to change in. It was the WRONG room and did not fit our family, The " witch-with a b" at the front desk acted as if she was doing us a favor by letting us use it. The front desk never followed up on getting us the correct rooms,. We actually never got the 2nd room, so after the wedding reception, half of our party had to leave and stay elsewhere.Room service food was horrible, cold, burnt, and over priced. The food in the restaurant was awful, too. They also over-charged us for the room that we used. I can't recommend this place to anyone.This is a shame because it is a really nice facility,....but with a really terrible staff. The only person that was nice to us was the bellman.Room Tip: Tip: Stay somewhere else.
4	My husband works for Fort McDowell (not the hotel) so I'm well aware of how far away it is. However, if you do some research ahead of time there's a lot to do. If you can't find anything interesting at the casino head to Fountain Hills. Its a 10 min drive away. Mostly inhabited by snow birds that fly here for winter, you'll find Starbucks, Target, Ross, Fry's, Pei Wei, etc. If you can't find what you like here, head further down Shea to the North Scottsdale area. Its a ritzy, beautiful area about 20 mins from Fountain Hills. I really enjoy the fact that this hotel is out of the hustle and bustle of the city. Take in what Arizona has to offer, the sunsets, sunrises and wildlife. I've never been disappointed with this hotel and we've stayed here about 8 times. When you pull up its beautiful. Complementary valet parking is super convenient. Check out the pool, its pretty impressive. Tons of chairs to lay out and enjoy the sun and 2 hot tubs. The rooms are nice and large with down comforters, sleep number beds, over sized robes and a sitting area by the window. I've NEVER experienced bed bugs as a previous yelper indicated. I really hope that was an isolated incident. We've ordered room service multiple times and its always been hit or miss. Sometimes its amazing other times blah. The restaurant right outside the hotel entrance (Ahnala Lounge) had a really good breakfast selection buffet or plated meal and you can order espresso! My cappuccino was heavenly. They also do Lunch and Dinner. I would highly recommend checking out http://fortmcdowelladventures.com/# They offer Friday night franks & a movie and admission is free. Horseback ridingSegway tours in the desert (sounds interesting, yet to try) Jeep trail rides The grounds alone are beautiful. I booked a facial the last "stay-cation" we planned and it was wonderful. Enjoyed every minute of it. Would book again for sure.
4	Great front desk customer service. Room was clean, comfortable. Soap was dreamy.Why 4 stars? If you have to leave the hotel side and eat at the stinky, smoky, poor food and service Casino.Go check out "The Fountain".Did I tell you how friendly the front desk was? Very positive side of the hotel. They told us about "The Fountain".
3	New Years Eve...I'm teetering between choosing 2 or 3 stars, so I'll err on the side of positivity to kick off my first review of 2013. My first impression in dealing with the hotel staff was not the most pleasant. I called and was placed on hold for about 10 minutes by a clearly frazzled phone operator. When she came back online I wanted to do two things: 1) Verify our hotel reservation (the link in my confirmation email from them stated that my reservation could not be found) and 2) Check on the possibility for an early check in since I would be off work early on the 31st and didn't want to drive to the other side of the valley just to have to drive all the way back up to BFE Fountain Hills. So here's how 1 & 2 played out:1) The operator said she was not able to find my reservation either and asked me to call her back in 15-20 minutes so she could help me sort things out (weird...but ok whatever). Or if I don't call back, she'll research it later and call me back if my phone number was on the reservation that she couldn't seem to locate.2) Before she hung up on me I also asked to find out about early check in...then she said I would have to call them back the next day for information on that. Huh? I have to find out about early check in on the day that I would be checking into the hotel? If I was one of those people that like to have a plan laid out in front of me prior to beginning my journey, I would've been REALLLLLY ANGRY about that...but since I'm not, I was only very perturbed...not angry...just irritated. Anywho, I called back the next day and spoke with awesome Paul who was able to: 1) verify that my reservation was still active and 2) set up a 2pm early arrival time for me to check inWhen I got to the hotel, the parking lot was mercifully empty, I got rockstar parking (I didn't know about the valet until later) and checked in. The front desk ladies were very pleasant to deal with.Once in the room I noticed a couple of things, 2 queen beds instead of 1 king (not that big of a deal, at least they got most of the feathers out for me ahead of time!), both beds sounded as if oversized pandas had been having their freaky-deaky way on them and the squeaking was unBEARable...there was nothing that didn't cause them to squeak, even tossing my cell phone onto the pillow made it squeak...good grief!...but the ickiest was when I took my shower and the water wasn't draining. Gross!!!! So I called to the front desk to see if they would move us to another room, they said that the hotel was COMPLETELY FULL and that they'd just tell the supervisor about it later that evening. About an hour later I get a knock on the door and it's Mr. Hotel Repair-Guy (also a very nice person). (A heads-up that someone was coming by would be nice, it takes a while (for a modest lady like myself *giggle*) to change out of a bathrobe to let someone into your room. Needless to say, he was unable to fix the squeak even after dismantling the bed frame and mattress and said he would speak with the front desk...20 minutes later they had moved me next door. Nothing really said about inconvenience or anything...just we'll get you a new key and move you across the hall (couldn't we have done that an hour ago so I could've taken a nap before getting my NYE party on?). The hotel is ok (great job with the stone work), but really not worth what we paid for the night there ($340) for just a regular room with a view of the parking lot...no bueno!!  Also, we walked in to the hotel's New Years Eve party which was BEAUTIFULLY decorated...but didn't seem to be put together very well (and empty), I think most of the patrons must have gone over to the casino like we did to ring in the new year, and *CASH BAR* is a real turn-off when you pre-pay for an event like that. How about some drink tickets or something??
1	While this is a beautiful property, they are in no way, shape or form ready for large conventions. With only one ballroom, we had to clear out of meetings and wait in a small hallway while the staff set up for meals. This morning we have 1 hour for breakfast buffet. There is one table with food and over 300 people to be served. Really??? And they're all lined up in the sun. I'm just hoping it won't require medical intervention.Later today: At 9:45, I finally sat down to eat my buffet breakfast, which had opened at 9am. Yep...it took 45 minutes to get to the end of the line. About one minute (literally) after I sat down, the staff started breaking down the juice bar. They continued to refill the food and coffee, but took the juice away. The two ladies who did this, also watched as the wind knocked over some tall table decorations (hotel decoration, not our convention), and said to each other, "I knew that would happen," then looked the other way. Guess that part wasn't in their job description.On Saturday, there was an invitation only breakfast for the convention, leaving the restaurant as the only place to dine. They had a hostess and 2 waitresses for approximately 40 tables and 100 guests. My check was delivered before my food (45 minutes). My breakfast was comped (hostess was very apologetic), and delicious (oatmeal and bacon), but I saw several others leave without ever receiving food. Not prepped for the onslaught of conventioneers.I hate giving one star to a place with excellent food, beautiful room and a 50% "give a crap" ratio on their staff, but this rating is for convention-appropriateness.
1	It was a terrible experience on a night that was meant to be relaxing. At about 1:00am the alarm went off, forcing everyone to evacuate the hotel. Everyone sat outside for over an hour with no explanation of what was happening. When we returned to our room we tried to go back to sleep, only to be awakened by more 10-second interval alarms. It happened about 3-4 times throughout the night, and they were all spaced out just enough that we didn't get any sleep.I understand these things happen, and it's not fully in control of the staff. However, what really bugged me was during checkout, where there was no mention of night's event, no apology, not even a "how was your stay?" No comp, no discount, nothing. If I'm staying a night at a hotel to get away and relax, at at least want the place to seem like they care.
4	I stayed here about a week not too long ago.  I had mostly very good service, a very nice room, some very nice food at their restaurant Ahnala, and a couple of nice massages.The price was pretty fair considering what I paid for one night in Phoenix Proper and what I got at both places.I thought the Radisson Fort McDowelll resort was a bargain.  I thought the room was very nice and very clean.  I was very comfortable there.  All the staff were very nice.The one glitch was that I needed to have a suit dry cleaned.  I arrived late on Wednesday night.  I meant to have the hotel send the suit out on Thursday morning.  Uh...it didn't go out.  I'm not sure why.  They were really nice about it.  They left me a message and also called me to let me know that my suit didn't go out when it should have.  It went out the following day, Friday.  I got it back Friday evening without any problems.  Funnily, I got someone else's suit and shirt in addition to my suit.  Oops.  I brought the other guest's suit and shirt to the front desk to let them sort it out.I'd stay there again if I had any occasion to be in the area.  I liked it quite a bit.
1	I've left 3 voice messages with the reservation desk over the past 4 weeks for an upcoming business meeting.Finally reach a living person today to be told the hotel is sold out for that date (a month away).I asked to speak with the GM and got.... voice mail.Very Frustrating
4	We were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. We stayed one night as a 24 hour staycation and will definitely consider coming here again. PROS: very helpful staff, clean and modern rooms. We loved that the hotel is separate from the casino (we hate having to walk through a smokey casino to get to everything we want). The pool was lovely and the two got tubs were just the right temperature. CONS: the restaurant options on campus are iffy. We browsed through the different choices and we're not impressed by the atmosphere or food selection available. I guess the buffet is the best bet but I can't say that from experience. We drove the quick 10 minutes to nearby fountain hills and went to The Encanto. Also, to nitpick about the rooms. I'm 6ft tall and I had to bend over for the shower head. But that's probably it. Very nice hotel for a reasonable price. We will come back!
3	A decent place that is out in the desert on its own with a detached casino on property. It is about 15min drive from Fountain Hills or any services. Beautiful views of the desert from the south side of the building at least. Though, it seemed to be staffed by mostly pleasant undertrained teenagers, I would stay there again. The next time I would double check on the phone that they indeed had the sleep number bed they purported to have in the room description online. And I would be ready to explain requests in detail to the hapless staff. (Below is a copy of the detailed feedback I gave the hotel on their survey)   On the positive side:The room was nice with a beautiful view of the desert. It was Clean- the housekeeping was good. The whole place seemed clean and well kept. I was happy to see guys in a golf cart cleaning cigarette buts from the parking lot. Very cool. And the front desk staff (who seemed like the only adults in the place) were very professional and courteous.    Now for the not so positive:When I booked my room on line I was informed that I the bed would be a sleep number bed. That was not the case. I found the bed too firm for my liking. Disappointing-- Provide what you say you provide.The restaurant staff that we came in contact with at breakfast were extremely unresponsive to coming to the table, even though the restaurant was nearly empty. We had to wave someone down with the menu. When they did respond to requests they were extremely slow and seemed to be put out. For example, when waiter delivered my omelet she politely asked would I like Cholula hot sauce or Tabasco, I replied I would like both. She didn't respond and gave me look like she either hadn't ever heard that request before or didn't approve. Maybe it was both because, having given up on her, I began to eat my, luckily, yummy veggie omelet. As I was about to finish my omelet she walked by the table without stopping, plopping down a industrial size Tabasco. I never got a chance to ask her what happened to the Cholula until I finally got one of her fellow staff member's attention to bring me a check. The room service was completely confused about our simple request for a carafe of hot water, and when they got what we wanted gave us an unprofessional response about how long it would take, making excuses about not knowing where the delivery person was and how long they would be. When we pressed them they said they would call us back with how long it would be -they never did! We gave up on them. We gave up on room service all together and decided to get self sufficient. We figured out how make the hot water we needed by continuously pouring water into the tiny coffee maker, then they just showed up at the door with the hot water. It was too late. Very disappointing. The 3 times we called room service during our stay, it seemed like room service was being run by a bunch of friendly but inept and untrained teenagers--train your room service to be more professional, courteous and accurately responsive. The bell boy also seemed untrained. On check in, When I opened the trunk he stayed by the luggage trolley looking at my girlfriend (I wouldn't normally  blame him for this- she is beautiful) but he made no attempt to remove luggage from my trunk, zero, worse, he didn't even attempt to help by taking bags out of my hand as I was removing them from the trunk. He stood there as I loaded the trolley myself with all our bags. His only contribution was that he moved some of our stuff around on the trolley that I would place there. After self parking I met the bellboy and my girlfriend in our room where he wheeled the cart into our room( a no,no!) the door was closed( a bellman no,no--I had to use my key to get in thinking he was long gone) he was obviously happy to busy himself making conversation with my girlfriend as she began to unpack while I was out of the room. When I came in to the room he was zipping my hoodie on to a hanger(?) This kid was younger than my girlfriends son. It was cute in a way, but he didn't take the hint to leave after my girlfriend had tipped him--again, he seemed like an under supervised teenager that is in need of training on being professional and courteous to the male, as well as the female, guests.
3	It's time for vacation....sadly not for pleasure but for business!Location & Aesthetics - Located in the Fountain Hills area of Arizona which I've been told is "way out there", we chose this hotel based on the numerous positive reviews all over the internet.  I didn't really care that it's considered "way out there" because the views outside my hotel window and while driving was absolutely spectacular and gorgeous, views of the surrounding mountains and cacti!  Granted it did take some time to get to our destinations but nothing over an hour.  Even to get to the West valley took us about 45 minutes in moderate traffic.The hotel is beautiful though initially a little difficult to find our first night when we landed and had to navigate the landscape at night using our GPS on the phone.  I would admit we did get lost a couple times as signs for the hotel was difficult to see.  In the coming days, it became easier as we acclimated to the area.The front lobby of the hotel is gorgeous with high cathedral ceilings and decorative floors made to look like you're walking on decorative stone. The rooms and hallways were clean including the carpeting.  I was even amazed that having a room on the fifth floor, I was able to open the window.  Mind you that might be an issue if you have small kids if you get a room on that floor though there are window screens but I still wouldn't trust how sturdy it might be with children.The A/C in the rooms worked well and to my surprise the bed in the room was a sleep number bed.  My first impression was "wow" but after the first night of sleeping on it, I have to say I'm not impressed and does take quite a bit of a learning curve to feel comfortable with as I woke up the following morning feeling sore and achy because I chose 100 as my sleep number when in fact it should've been 5 as I learned a couple days later.  There were ample lamps in the room (4) and even an alarm clock which I never used.The room as comes with a mini-fridge which can hold a case of 24 water bottles and was able to hold a carton of milk as well. The room's bathroom was spectacular and very modern and came with one of those make-up mirrors.There were ample phones (2) in the room for business conference calls though I just stuck with my iPhone.Service - sadly this is where the hotel loses stars/ratings for me.  First, after I had booked the hotel, I telephoned them to inquire about complimentary breakfast, if any, and was told that there was a grab n' go available in the morning.  After the first morning there, I was surprised to learn that there wasn't such a thing and was told that the breakfast was handled by the adjoining restaurant a couple feet away.  I proceed to said restaurant and immediately turned away after hearing that a cup of coffee was close to $4.  For that price I can easily go to the local McDonald's and get a breakfast meal with coffee for the same price. (-1 for no complimentary breakfast - all hotels practically serve it and for the price of this hotel I can't see why it's not done here)Second, the hotel boasts free WiFi though do not expect to use it for business or any other purposes as it is not as strong and you would be better off going to the local Starbucks or Dunkin' Donuts which is what I did on most occasions for a stronger WiFi signal (-1)Thirdly, upon checking out from the hotel seven days later, my credit card was charged over $700 which was a mystery to me as I didn't use any of the hotel services, e.g. room service and the room/reservation was already booked/paid via a third party.  Seeing as I had no time to query this for fear of missing my flight, I decided to call later.  When I did I was told that my card was "mistakenly charged", they apologized, and stated it would be refunded though as I write this such a thing hasn't taken place yet.Rating - 3/5.  If I must return, though it would be nice to stay at this hotel because of the gorgeous scenery I think I would choose another hotel to stay primarily because of the lack of a complimentary breakfast.
1	Nearly all of the staff seemed incompetent and slow. Had to walk out of the cafe because we didn't get service. Our room service order was completely screwed up and they never fixed it. The trash in the hallways hasn't been picked up for days. Nobody was at the gift shop or the spa.
5	A fun place for relaxing and close to fort McDowell casino.   Beautiful room with a view
5	We just held a large charity event (October 3&4) inside the convention center with vendors, bars, entertainment and I have to say, "The management and staff are excellent!" They pulled off miracles and kept the prices vary reasonable as far as rates for the convention center. The banquette staff worked with us to ensure everything was over the top!! We had several people stay in the hotel who were all very pleased and I have to again add that every person working for the resort was friendly, efficient and did a remarkable job!  After being involved with so many other conference centers and convention centers on the west coast over the years, I have to say these people get it!!! Hats off to you, we will be back! And a big shout out to Dennis the head of Security, he was also instrumental in helping us achieve the best event ever. This location is superb for all inclusive locations. Golf, inside and outside event centers, hiking, tours, the awesome pool with amenities (bar and grill) the casino, great hotel resort and several restaurant choices. Everyone involved in putting this event on was commenting on their positive experience and everyone in attendance also raved about the accommodations, the views and the wonderful staff... Thank You for helping make this event such a great success!
5	My girlfriend and I just moved to AZ from SoCal and we were looking for something to do in the area and found a nice Groupon for this hotel. We were very pleased with the room, the bed was huge and very comfortable and the room was clean and came with all the amenities you would expect. We just stayed the one night but we had absolutely no complaints about the room itself. We went to dinner at the restaurant right next to the hotel, Ahnala I believe it's called. Service was good but the food took a little long. I had the night's special which included scallop potatoes (great) cooked veggies and rice (great) and grilled white fish that was nothing to write home about. She got a delectable Monterey chicken sandwich that was too big for us to finish, probably because we shared a shrimp cocktail appetizer. Shrimp was big but not overly tasteful. Overall I'd give the food 3 stars and the service 4 stars. We did really enjoy the woman singing covers of popular songs just outside the restaurant. Also worth noting is they have comfortable little seating areas in front of fires where you can enjoy your meal. Then we went to the casino and had a lot of fun playing blackjack. They have quite the consortium of slot machines if you're into that. Be prepared if you're a non-smoker because the cigarette smoke will punch you right in the face if you aren't ready. Other than that the casino was a great time. The blackjack dealers were very very entertaining if you want them to be. The gf and I thought they were fun and hospitable, we would honestly go back just to hang out with those dealers. The next morning we felt like spoiling ourselves since we won the night prior and ordered breakfast from room service which was epic. Delicious French Toast, great omelet, and fantastic potatoes. Even got a little pot of Starbucks Coffee. There happened to be a massive garage sale in the parking lot which we perused and found to be full of cool trinkets and such. Bottom line, we enjoyed ourselves very much and would definitely go back. I don't think for an extended stay though. If you're not into golf there isn't much to do over an extended stay.
4	Great hotel., upgraded to a Jr. Suite for my staycation very spacious room with an awesome jacuzzi tub. The casino is like a minute walk away they have a shuttle for people who are unable to do the walk or are lazy.. Casino probably needs a few adjustments but we had a great time.  Hotel staff is friendly and gave us a later checkout to enjoy our Sunday. We will definitly be back.
