5	WHAT: For those who are not familiar USO centers are available for military personnel as a comfort lounge fully equipped with couches, food, computers, etc. Quality varies depending on what airport you are at. It is usually located before the security check points. LOCATION: Terminal 2 in Sky Harbor Airport on Mezzanine level. Go to the stairs by the food court and it's down the hall. ATMOSPHERE: VERY very nice! Everything looks clean and new. They have several rooms here - a movie room, kids play room, video game room with gaming chairs and 2 video game systems, kitchen, main area with couches, tables, computer lab, and mini-library. Books are free to take from the library as well! Flat screens in every room just about. Military memorabilia and neat artifacts hanging every where. PERKS: All kinds of movies, internet access, cable tv and free snacks! Candy, granola bars, drinks, fruit with microwave, coffee machine access. Great for carry-on snacks on a long flight. The cleanest bathrooms in the airport are down the hall!!SERVICE: EXCELLENT! 2 attendants in the lounge who were so very nice. We came 15 minutes before closing at 8pm but were so welcoming and offered us everything that they could offer.CONCLUSION: I would definitely visit here again! Very comfortable lounge with superb service. Although not the biggest USO I've been to it's definitely the best USO I have ever been to!
5	Located at #SkyHarborAirport Terminal 4 level 2
3	It would be a great USO if it was open 24 hours a day.  8 AM -8 PM is civilian hours.
3	Was a good place to hang out at.
3	Had to stay here for couple hours while waiting for a flight back home.. it was okay.. nice clean and had plenty of restaurants and bars to choose from..
4	Love when airports have a USO!  This is a nice one with a cool vibe.  Couple downfalls are no toilets inside the USO and no sleep/nap rooms, which are always my favorite.   There is WiFi and plenty of comfy sitting space with lots of outlets to charge up your devices before your flights.  The woman working when I was there was super nice and helpful.
