2	My friend and I came here for a quick bite after a movie and found the service to be flat and the food very average.  I hadn't been in an Arby's for a few years, but thought we would give them a try since Wendy's bought them a while ago.  UGH!  I guess it will be a few more years before I come back.  Sorry, guys!
4	I'm giving this Arby's 4 stars based on comparisons to other Arby's or fastfood joints, not other restaurants. Anyways, basically here's what went down when I was here, Arby's  had some deal for a French dip value meal for $5 but I also wanted some beef & cheddar sandwiches and they were 2 for $5 as well. Basically I was a fat ass this day and ordered both deals, which I justified my gluttony by telling myself that I always spend $10 or more on lunch. This was an great lunch! I didn't eat it all but I got to eat all the stuff I wanted to. I have a strange Arby's guilty pleasure.
2	You started off so well....I thought we could start a relationship out of this, but I guess not.Web ordering my marketplace turkey sandwich, I clearly asked for no tomatoes. The girl behind the intercom even repeated this back to me. But of course what happens? I get my sandwich and on it are three red tomatoes slices.I know I sound like a brat. I simply took the tomatoes off, but its the principle and quite simple to follow.
5	Out of all the Arby's I've ever been to, this is by far the cleanest and nicest, and has best quality of food.I always eat Arby's after proctoring for a large SAT tutoring company on a Saturday or Sunday morning. It's a secret tradition I've decided to keep to myself...shh don't tell anyone! ;) Post making students fall asleep to a standardized test, I came here for my routine late breakfast.This location has fresh food with more flavor than other locations. The food was ready quickly without error. Better yet, the walls didn't smell like 5-year-old curly fry oil.The place is immaculate compared to most Arby's, and it even meets my high standards for cleanliness that are usually way above what I actually get at a fast food place.The people are nice and move quickly. I feel bad for them because the average age of the people rolling in here is about 71.6 years, so they have some picky, stubborn customers. They trend to be overly critical...don't believe a word they say. Luckily most of those fogies don't know how to Yelp, or what the internet is.Also Tasha is new, but she is fabulous. She gives customer service with a smile and seems to be a genuinely nice person, concerned with making people happy. Give her a compliment for me if you read this, go to this location, and have her ring you up. :) #payingitforward
4	For a fast food restaurant Arbys is the place to go when you don't want a burger.  The food is good, potato cakes enjoyable and service is nice.  I'm not crazy about the breakfast sausage, it way to salty, otherwise, it's o.k.
