3	If you want a true understanding of Pittsburgh in the morning, come here. This greasy spoon is always packed, and is one of the better of its kind south of the city.They serve waffles in halves, which is great. The eggs and toast are good, the homemade hot sausage is excellent. The drawback are the barely cooked potatoes.If you're hungry, get "The Mixed Grill"... Gab and Eat's brand of the "kitchen sink" breakfast that all Midwest places are about.
4	Good Luck getting a seat, that's all I have to say. The Gab and Eat is famous and infamous. Diner food is what's up and I like it. When I was a roofing mechanic, we'd meet there before work. Although I'm not sure I would recommend it if you're working were there's no bathrooms. hehe
5	Stick to basics and this is the best place in or around the 'burgh.  First time go with a friend and sit at the counter.  Short order cooking at it's best, it's like a floor show with the actor's backs to you.  Breakfast has no losers.  Eggs, omelets, pancakes, waffles, breakfast sandwiches to order, the ever popular mixed grill, get a 1/2 Louie instead of home fries (although they good as is) and don't forget the italian toast.Frequently voted the best burger in Pittsburgh for a reason.  As for ambiance, well lets just say I don't think there are two matching plates or coffee mugs in the joint.  But the coffee's good and hot and refreshed often as the service is good, andlocal with many long time folks working here.  If I don't get there for awhile I need to go through detox because I feel too healthy.
4	The biggest breakfast in Pittsburgh, as far as I can tell - and delicious and cheap too. I ordered some mix of eggs, bacon and pancakes - and got 2 dinner-sized plates, one loaded with pancakes and the other stuffed with eggs, bacon, and home fries. Oh, and a side of toast. For under $5, if I recall.HUGE portions, all well-executed; as good as DeLuca's.I've not had anything besides breakfast, so can't comment on the burger or anything else.Cramped quarters, and you'll have to wait, but when nothing but monster morning food will do, this is the destination.
5	Cheap, unpretentious, and, for this, one of my favorite breakfast joints in the country.  Simply put I LOVE it here.  The mixed grill, the sausage and egg on a biscuit, the home fries.  This it the very definition of diner.  Thank you Gab 'n' Eat!
5	Okay, let's first set expectations.  This place is a true DIVE...this is not for the NYC foodie crowd.  If you want a down home, large portion awesome breakfast, this is the place.  The place is packed with happy diners, the server was very friendly in a busy grandma kind of way.  The best part - they have "dippy" eggs on the menu and define the degree of dippy you can order.  For anyone who has never heard of a "dippy" egg - this means sunny side up or over medium where the eggs are still runny and you can dip your bread in them.  The eggs were great - I ordered mine over medium, the breakfast potatoes were fab - no complicated additives like peppers or onions - just plain good potatoes cooked in fat - the best part - the fresh Italian bread.  YUM!!!
4	I miss this place. When I return home to pittsburgh this is always a must to ease myself into a saturday morning recovery after getting banged up on cheap south side cocktails the night before. When I think of pittsburgh, I remember cutting morning classes in highschool just to get after the best bacon egg and cheese i know of. Honestly i live in nyc where you can get a bacon egg and cheese on every single corner, and nowhere that i have been does it as well as this joint. Go here and you will be happy you did.
5	I've lived in Pittsburgh for 6 years, and in Carnegie for over 2 years, and by far, this is the best greasy spoon joint I've found. If you can stomach the wait (no reservations, naturally), you'll enjoy overflowing plates of goodness, thanks to the well-seasoned griddle where all of the food is made. Here are the highlights:-Cheap: Breakfast for two can be well under $10, with lunch around the same.-Crowded: Get there early and expect to wait. They close pretty early on the weekends too (oddly, at 12:45pm)-Cash only-Huge portions: When ordering fries or homefries, always get the half order, unless you're a lumberjack-About those homefries: They're often undercooked. I've had better, believe me. My favorite things to eat in life are potato products.-My favorite item: hot sausage sandwich on thick Italian toast, with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo
5	Love this place.  Never had a bad meal.  Good portions and great people.  Be ready to stand in line.
5	My favorite breakfast place.  Have good sandwiches also.  Stopped again for Bfast and had the mixed grill--get the small portion unless you are a real MAN!  Mixed grill has sausage, (could it be Ricci's?), eggs, onions, and home fries, soooo goooooooood!  Use Mancini's bread for toast, got the raisin toast - Yum.  Have had many other items and just love the food.  If you like to watch a true cook, sit at the counter.  Banter with the cook and staff and patrons is fun!Lunch is good, sausage sandwich, hamburgers and other lunch meats fried on the grill.Gets busy for Bfast so you may have to wait.Remember it is a diner.  Don't expect fancy decor.
4	Definitely a greasy spoon! Always packed here and always a wait but worth it. The omelets are really tastey especially with their homemade sausage. I also like the mixed grill.  My parents love their burgers. Took off a star for lumpy booths and really tight tables (your arm gets hit when someone walks past) oh and waitresses aren't very attentive.
4	If you're looking for no frills but a great breakfast this is the place. I got the mixed grill half portion and was very full. Make sure you have extra calories for the day because they are not afraid to use butter. Loved the breakfast and would go back. Not much room for sitting down but worth the wait.
4	Great homemade hot breakfast sausage and a wonderful family restaurant feel. Reminds me of the one my parents used to own in Mi. Have fun finding a table on the weekend :)
5	Great breakfast place. Come hungry. Look for Dick, my dad, and Gino at the counter every a.m. about 0830 and say hi. Try the mixed grill (half).
3	OK, what is with all of these "CASH ONLY" places in Pittsburgh? I can appreciate that some smaller businesses might have trouble installing a credit card system in their store/resturant, but could you perhaps provide an ATM?  In the past, this would deter me from eating at this place. Looking at a standard breakfast menu, I decided to go with a tuna melt instead. What I got was a cold tuna salad sandwich with a slice of cheese on toast. I had ordered a melt being in the mood for a warm meal, but to no avail. One day later I can't even remember what my side was. I suppose it didn't leave much of an impression on me.  I have to say that the dessert was really good! The cherry pecan pie! I have not seen this concoction anywhere else but this was awesome! The cherries were not the sweet canned variety, but a pie worthy tart topped with sugar. I think I want to make this pie with my parents next harvest of our cherry tree!My first impression is "Eh."  I am learning how crazy Pittsburghers are over breakfast! Seriously, waiting 30 minutes for a table at a tiny diner with a menu that reads as follows:  "2 eggs and toast $x.xx""2 eggs, meat, and toast $x.xx""2 eggs and pancake $x.xx"I'd rather go to a Denny's and order the "create your own Grand Slam!"
5	BEST DINER IN THE COUNRTY!!! We've been to many famous diners across the country and we still give  Gab and Eat the best rating !! I was a little intimidated when I first walked in and there was like 2 pounds of butter just sitting on top of the homefires on the grill.  If you are looking for a healthy breakfast they probably can accomodate you, but Everything I ate was clearly the opposite of healthy.  After trying like every meal they have I would recommend the mix grill(half unless you are sharing) adding cajun seasoning with the texas toast.  Burgers are great too.It's hard to find a place that makes a better breakfast than you could make by yourself at home, but this place does it.  The atmosphere is classy, old school Americana.
5	Best French toast ever!! Love the friendly atmosphere, and especially the breakfast. Never been disappointed. You have to try French toast with raisin bread too... yummy!
5	Great Diner!  Their breakfast is the best in the area!  Lots of  choices and always good.  Love the unique mugs they use for coffee and all the writing on the wall.  Get there early otherwise you will not get a seat!  They have homemade hot/sweet sausage and texas toast.
5	Readers of my reviews may recall that I once referred to The Dor-Stop as possibly the best breakfast in Pittsburgh.  Well, faithful followers, I must now admit that The Dor-Stop has now been verified as only one of the best.  Why?  That's because Gab and Eat I have now found to be THE best breakfast I've ever had.  If it was closer to my home I would quickly become a regular.I easily decided to order the Mixed Grill (Half).  Before I go on, I must ask...has anyone seen a full order?  Because I honestly can't imagine how much food that is.  I created my own with bacon, cheese, eggs and potatoes.  Based on reviews I also opted to get a side of the sausage and was pleased as punch when our waitress asked if I wanted hot or sweet....or one of each.  I like variety, so I jumped on the change to try both.  I also selected the Italian toast - what other kind is there, really?  When my food arrived, it looked delicious.  There was so much bacon that after eating half of my Mixed Grill it looked like I'd barely started.  The sausage was great, just don't ask me which one I liked best.  My toast?  4 thick slices that looked to be about half the loaf and were buttered on both sides. It was a struggle, but I was determined to enjoy every tasty morsel and not leave a crumb.   In case anyone is wondering, yes, they use real butter.  I saw pounds of it stacked in the kitchen with my own two eyes.  The wait staff was quick and efficient as well as helpful and friendly with our larger group of 9 people.  The fact that none of the plates match and I noticed a sign at the front register that said, "We need mugs" just makes me love this place even more.A few tips: 1.) Order the Mixed Grill.  2.) Cash only!  3.) Gab and Eat is a popular place but also very small and narrow (or cozy if you will).  I recommend going during the week when they are still busy but can accomodate a group.  That way you won't feel rushed or crowded.  4.) Get to Gab and Eat ASAP!  You'll be glad you did!
5	Classic breakfast joint.  Grimy looking hole in the wall located on one end of a seedy looking strip mall.  Window is opaque due to the grease so you can't hardly see inside. On the outside, there are about a dozen people waiting to get in.  When you finally do get inside, you see that there are 15 tables and a counter, all occupied by people from all walks of life.What's the attraction behind this flea hole?  The FOOD!  Lots of it and dirt cheap.  I sat at a vacant stool behind the formica counter and ordered the mixed grill.  Potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon and Italian toast.  A giant mound of food guaranteed to sooth any hangover.  I swear the full mixed grill had two pounds of food.  Neat thing is that the grill is right in front of you so you can see your potatoes and eggs frying in a pool of fresh grease.  All that food, plus coffee and tip for around ten bucks.  Cash only, so put that plastic away.Only bad thing that could happen is some douche bag from the Food Network or Travel Channel will make this place famous, and then I'll never be able to get in.
4	Yum - freaking - me!As the other fellower yelpers mentioned - this place is a cash only.    A couple of recommendations:- Don't eat early in the week - I don't recommend wearing any tight clothing (no skinny jeans) - you will not be skinny when you leave I walked in for breakfast one early weekday AM.   The place was packed with locals and regulars.    A very good sign.My co-worker recommended I get the mixed grill.   I ordered the large mix grill.   My waitress tried to warn me - it is large (very large).    I ended up eating the left-overs for the next 2 days.Food - The Mixed Grill comprises their homemade sausage, grilled onions, grilled peppers, potatoes, fried eggs.     Portion -This should have been a man vs food episode.   I was not going to attempt to eat all the food.   It was really good.Service - My waitress looks as if she had been working there for years.   She was fast, friendly, and offered good advice.Price - The cost ranges $5 - 10.I will definitely go back after I buy some new stretchy pants.
5	Best breakfast spot in the area, If you like diner food it is the place to go. Small, so you will want to avoid the church crowd on Sundays, but the wait is never too long.  Everyone is friendly and has obviously been working there for a while.  If you are feeling like lunch food go a little later, their burgers are made on the breakfast griddle and are delicious.
4	Great breakfast, good price. You might have to stand outside in line though, so I don't really recommend winter time to go. lol. Very friendly service, interesting coffee mugs. They have great deserts and such also. Bring your cash though as they dont' take cards.
5	I always love a good diner.  Gab and Eat was just what we were looking for on a Saturday morning.  Good food.  Great people. Pittsburgh ambiance. This place is obviously a beloved neighborhood gem.  I had french toast and bacon.  The french toast was made with the best Italian bread.  My fiance had what they called a 'mixed grill."  It consisted of eggs, peppers, onions and home made sausage.  Not something you would eat everyday, but he loved it!   They also had great coffee.  They actually ground up the beans in front of us.  Now that's fresh.We want to return sometime for "turkey day."  Apparently they made fresh turkey every Tuesday.  Now that sounds good!Can't wait to return.
5	This is exactly what a breakfast place should be like--comfortable, quirky, unpretentious and with inexpensive, large portioned working class breakfast plates.
5	On our current road trip of baseball, brews, hockey and diners, we decided to try Gab & Eat based on yelpers rating putting it #1 for breakfast in Pittsburgh area. We have to agree with most other reviewers that this is a place to eat.We arrived around noon on Saturday and were happy there were a couple open tables. The place is tucked at the end of a strip mall and you have to look to find it. There is plenty of parking.Inside the decor is quaint and funky at the same time. Country style decorations and signs are mixed with nostalgia signs & posters. Most interesting are all the signatures and comments written on the wall by past customers. We regretted not having a marker to add ours. The other highlight was three large white boards with trivia questions - fun way to spend time waiting for food.The waitstaff there is...uh, experienced. They are attentive, pleasant and efficient.After reading reviews I had to try the Mixed Grill. But S went with pancakes with a side of bacon. The pancakes were outstanding...maybe the best either of us has eaten. They were thick but with light texture and rich flavor. His bacon was cooked just as requested - as crisp as possible - and very flavorful.The Mixed Grill is a mixed together concoction of eggs, potatoes, onions, peppers, cheese, and spicy Italian sausage grilled together. I'm glad I heeded those who stressed going with the half size order. It filled a full sized dinner plate with a heaping order. I couldn't finish it all and that's rare. How do they serve the whole potion -- in a trough?Everything was cooked well. The sausage added a nice bite to offset the somewhat plain potatoes. You can build your own mix but the basic was a good mix.My only complaint was the amount of potato and that they are pretty plain. I like home fries with lots of seasoning that have aged on the grill. These potatoes were pretty uniform chunks with little seasoning. Personal preference.It usually comes with Italian toast but they were out so I went with raisin. It was delicious soft inch thick slices.Coffee was excellent and the cup stayed full. The total was less than $15. Fabulous value for the quality and portions.While I can't say it's the best breakfast in Pittsburgh (only here 3 days), its the best so far and one of the best we've had.
4	Met my nephew for lunch in Carnegie and he suggested Gab & Eat.   Way to go Justin!  The restaurant is in a strip mall across from the Dairy Queen.  The grill is right up front so you can see them cooking.   They have counter space for eating and tables/booths for 4.   Don't expect to sit at one table if you have more than 4. They have a great looking breakfast menu.   We all got burgers of varying kinds!  They were tasty!   The buns were buttered, toasted and soft.  Yum!   the amount of butter didnt bother me  but it did my whiny mother. Who whined even though there is a no whining sign as you walk in the door.   We ordered fresh cut fries as onion rings.  Both of which were great.  The half order was plenty and a nice option to a full order.   The restaurant was full of local men at lunch which is usually a good sign.  I give it a 4 star only because of the waitress who kind of threw straws, silverware and napkins at us as she walked behind the counter.  At least she didn't throw the food when it came!   She also served the fries and Onion rings way before our burgers came out which was kind of weird.   They were nice and hot but would have been cold had we waited for the burgers.   It didn't factor into my four star rating but I deduct a star from nephew because he invited us out to lunch then allowed me pay!   Just kidding Justin!   Love ya!
5	This is a perfect example of what a breakfast diner can be: excellent breakfasts in huge portions for cheap. I had the western omlet and will be getting it or another omlet again soonThe coffee was good, totally serviceable diner coffee. The waitress was wonderfully friendly and hopping around from table to table. The food was excellent. The ambience was exactly right for a diner. It was packed. The wait was not nearly as long as I was expecting. 10 minutes maybe.Totally recommended. Come hungry.
5	Wow! Read the great reviews and I was not let down. Huge portions. The mixed grill was THE best breakfast I've ever had. If you go to Pittsburgh it is a must eat. Service was superb. Friendly staff. Led zeppelin on the walls. .....what else could you ask for?
5	I have been coming to Gab n Eat for almost 20 years and They have never let me down. I get a typical breakfast if eggs, ham, toast, and home fries. Delicious as usual. The ambience however is usually lacking. The walls are dark, with writing and signatures of semi famous people all over the place. Pictures of local people hang on the walls(i secretly want mine up there) along with posters galore. While its fun to look at the first 10 times, it gets a little boring after awhile. So today when I arrived I expected the same old experience. Wow was I wrong! As soon as I looked at the door I knew something was different. The place seemed lighter and brighter. To my pleasant surprise, they painted and got new counter tops!! They're not quite done yet but the place has a new Happy vibe to it. The awesome breakfast, the new decor and the 5 guys sitting at the counter making me laugh are why I will be back( maybe for lunch).
5	A gem. The coffee cups are mismatched . The owner is three feet away from me cooking. The sausage is made for them locally. And the food is frickin awesome. I had the pancakes, my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich.  Cash only.  Friendly service.
5	Excellent breakfast and lunch menu. Friendly staff and super food. Modest environment with excellent food. Worth the wait.. dont miss this one. Best breakfast and lunch food in the Pgh South Hills hands down.
5	What a find! I stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business. The service is so friendly I thought I was down south. The service was quick, frankly and felt like I was with family. Fantastic poached eggs, Cajun homefries and crispy bacon. Gab and Eat is definitely a place I world recommend to locals. I was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00.
5	A fine breakfast joint. You gotta love the small diners. Highly recommended.
