5	My friend alerted that my brakes were doing something funky so I stopped by Lyons late friday afternoon.  They were supposed to close in a few minutes after i got there but i was okay with getting it back the next day but i got a text from the shop owner maybe 1.5 hours later that it was done -- Great service, very friendly staff, and a great deal.  I've had some really bad experiences with large brake shops like the one down the street from here but these guys took care of me.  Nice to find a honest mechanic near my house i can take my car to.  I don't have any crazy custom ride so don't let the rest of what they do fool you or scare you away cos you might think it may be pricey -- it just shows you the talent they have working in their shop.  I'd recommend to anyone which i very rarely can say about an auto repair place :)
1	Do not take your vehicle to these guys for any work!!  They have no idea what they're doing!!  They're not certified to do the work that they offer!  I took my vehicle there for an engine swap and that was supposed to take one week, it ended up being 3 weeks.  Jermain said that he was ASE certified but he lied.  I went to pick my vehicle up from these guys and my engine overheated when I got 6 miles down the road due to a loose intake hose that Jermain didn't install correctly.  I called them and told them about it and they told me to keep driving it because it was just smoking due to an oil spill that occurred while switching out a hose.  To make a long story short, I ended up blowing a head gasket and these guys didn't want to take responsibility for it when they said that they warranty their work.  I took them to court and sued them and I won.  They lied the entire time in court but it didn't work.  I just now had to buy a brand new engine for my vehicle and in the process of swapping out the engine that Lyons customz installed I found out that there were all kind of bolts missing from the engine as well as the other bolts only being hand tightened.  These guys really screwed me and I urge you to not take your vehicle to them.  I even had some previous audio work done on my bimmer and James wired it wrong and blew my factory amp and cost me $1500.  So, in all these guys cost me over $4,000.  They're a bunch of slackers that are looking for easy money.
5	James put in a rear view lcd back up mirror, a drop down dvd player, and a tablet in my dash (nexus 7).  He did an awesome job!  It looks so good, everyone I show is blown away and his prices are great.  I shopped around and had other installers tell me it would be nearly $2000. Just to put the tablet in, James did it easier, faster, less expensive, and much more functional!  It was a tenth of the cost to go Herr than anywhere else.  He saw what I wanted and executed it flawlessly! Thanks you Lyons Customz MotorSports!
5	This place is solid!  The owner is super nice and they are not out to rip anyone off.  They are out to help your ride out!  I had a Air Intake flow put on my car I bought for them and they custom fitted it to my car!  I bought some after market products that they also installed for me as well.  The shop it self is not very large and mostly has amp, speakers, and radios.  If you are looking to get audio work done this looks like the place!  You won't see this place off the street very well because it is hidden behind the car wash.  They roll in around 11 a.m and stay until the job is done!  They spent allot of time on my car to make sure everything was right.  I will be going back to get more stuff done in the future!  Like the website says "YOU DREAM IT, WE DESIGN IT"  It is as simple as that.So if you want to have some fun with your car go to this place!
5	Took my car here to get an amp and a sub woofer installed, price was perfect, I shopped around other places, but everyone was crazy ridiculous prices, I left a message for James for exactly what I wanted, he told me a price, and it was way lower than every other shop. Took my car in, they said it would take a couple hours which I was ok with, they told me instead of sitting around, they could offer me a ride home, or bring my car back when they were ready to get started, so we did that, as soon as they were ready, I got a phone call letting me know. When they got started, I got a call within a few min letting me know the amp I had was missing a couple cables, they offered to install everything and when I could get the cables, bring it back and they would hook up the amp. They offered me a good deal on another amp as well, after a few minutes of trying to locate the parts, I went with the new amp, even then the price with the new amp was still lower than every other installer or install place.  When I got the car back, it sounded awesome!!!!!  James sat and talked with us for a while, we asked about other installs, and I will definitely be going back to get more work done. I recommend this place for fairness,  great prices and overall friendlyness. It right behind car wash at country club and Guadalupe.
5	They killed it here. I am always going to go back for my custom auto needs. James treats each of his jobs like its for his own car and he goes the extra mile. I got my subs and a body kit installed for my camaro. Impressed.
