5	I bought a groupon for R Salon and set up an appointment the same day with Niza. Niza did a great job with my hair! He kept the length and did exactly what I wanted!! I would definitely have him cut my hair again! :)
5	Niza is awesome!! He is very knowledgable and super skilled. I have very curly "ethnic" hair that is quite difficult to manage, yet Niza made me leave looking like a star!! He cut my hair and bangs exactly the way I envisiHe was very thorough with the deep conditioning treatment (not to mention that he gave me the best neck massage I ever had). He made me feel very comfortable, gave me tips about my hair, offered me a drink, and when I asked him to take a picture with my phone, the man gave me a mini photo shoot :)) he genuinely wanted me like how I looked and leave the saloon happy. Strongly recommend!!
5	With his competitive prices Niza is always on point when cutting and styling my hair. I feel like I always walk in looking like a caveman but leave looking sharp and ready to hit the bar scene
5	I came in today for the 1st time...I'm new to the area. My stylist was Niza. First I will say my hair is very different from the norm, different from most people. Also, I'm coming in from a prior haircut gone wrong. You have to really know hair in order to cut mine. Niza explained my hair to me very differently than it's ever been explained before and he was right on point! Niza did an excellent job not only did he fix the bad cut but I left feeling great! Straight out of a shampoo commercial but I was cool about it. . Thank you Niza I just found my new stylist. See ya in 8wks.
5	I absolutely love my hair every time I come to see Niza I leave feeling so beautiful.  He does such a great job and knows what looks good and how to keep my hair healthy. I won't go anywhere else. Forever loyal customer
5	I was in search of a new stylist and  R Salon was offering a Groupon. I figured a discount made the gamble a bit less risky, so I called. The receptionist booked me with Niza.The salon was tricky to find because it sits behind another building. I entered through the wrong door because the signs said the entrance was on the north side and I didn't have my compass with me. A staff person rescued me and brought me to the front counter.Niza was on time for our appointment, offered me a seat and a cold drink (it was 110 degrees that day) and then patiently listened as I scrolled through about a hundred style pics and talked about my plans to - maybe, maybe not, maybe, maybe not - grow out my pixie cut.I felt so comfortable in the salon and Niza made me feel totally taken care of. In two hours, he took me from drab brown and gray to platinun, and I love it. I have found my new stylist!
5	I recently moved back to Phoenix after living in LA for a few years and I needed a new hair stylist. I found Niza on yelp and saw the great reviews and I had my first appt with him today. He definitely lived up to his reputation! He asked me my opinion on what I wanted to do with my hair and also had really great suggestions to help guide me. I felt very comfortable right away and let him do whatever he felt was going to look good. I'm glad I did! My hair looks great! He also had tips to help keep my hair healthy in between appts and how to style it at home (cuz we all know, it will never look as good as the day you go to the salon). I've already recommended him to my friends and will definitely be back myself! Thank you Niza!
5	If there are any mom's with teenagers out there you'll understand my life. ;) Teenagers are hard to please and very picky!! When my son was 12 years old we decided to do away with the Harry Styles look and cut his curls off. We were referred to Niza to do the job and boy did he ever!  My son grew before my eyes but looked so super handsome. As a freshman in high school at 14 years old today he's always happy with the new styles Niza gives him. I enjoy the relationship he's created with him and love hearing the two discuss school and football. We drive from Verrado (in Buckeye) to Phoenix every other month and wouldn't have it any other way. Thanks Niza for becoming our go to family stylist!!
5	I came to Niza as a gift as within in minutes I knew I found my new hair dresser. He was completely honest and didn't pressure me into anything. Took my ideas and turned them into something realistic for my face and personality. I will be coming back to Niza for sure!
