3	This showroom now known as the LVH Theater, has been home to such famous entertainers as Elvis, Liberace, and many others.  The theatre is the home of some excellent visiting shows.  I went to see a one night only concert by Liza Minnelli tonight.  She was fantastic.The theatre has been upgraded as far as lighting and sound over the years, but it has become a bit tired in the seating.  The seating needs renovating to bring it into the 21st century and not make you think you're there to see Annette Funicello or even Elvis.The venue is large.  It seats over 1,500.  There are restrooms and a bar on the side of the theatre and drinks are allowed at your seat.I'll continue to see shows here.  I have tickets for June for Glen Campbell's stop in Las Vegas on his farewell tour.  It's seems fitting that an older entertainer like him would be performing in this venue, but it brings out the people--including me!
3	The stage that Elvis had his Las Vegas residency on. Stage reportedly is the same and apparently so are the seats (and ushers). Ushers are always nice. That ageist cheapshot is not entirely necessary, but it is a mere fact of life that they are really, really old. I have seen Liza Minnelli, Experience Hendrix,  Wild Child, and most recently the Doobie Brothers at this theatre. Seats sink in remarkably, so be ready for that. Like it feels like you are going to be on the ground when you sit down. Lines of sight are fine even from the back (most people that frequent this venue hardly ever stand up anyway). I have never been in the balcony so I am unsure what it looks like or sounds like up there. Sound is par. The screens are older than I am and I am no spring chicken anymore. Note to LVH: get some new screens for fucks sake. - E
5	Football Central in the LVH Theatre.  Watched the NFC & AFC Championship games.  $2.00 Miller Lite draft and $1.00 hot dogs.  Other food and drink specials available.  Also large movie screen to watch the game.
4	A terrific showroom with exceptional acoustics, when the mix is right.  From ZZ Top to Experience Hendrix to numerous cover bands, it's always a treat to visit "Elvis' showroom".
