5	We have just picked up our dog from Dog Days and once again he is healthy, happy and clean. The staff are always excellent and I wouldn't consider letting our dog stay anywhere else when we are away. We heard about this place from close friends who were just as happy with the service.
5	I've used several boarding facilities in the Valley, but this is the only one I recommend. Dog Days is fantastic!I have some special needs for my dogs -- I feed them raw food rather than canned or kibble, and one is deaf. Plus, with as many five dogs in my household, I like to keep them together at night, rather than separated into various cages. The staff here didn't balk at any of my requests, and they happily accommodated my needs.The facility is well laid-out and very clean. The front office is sometimes unmanned (because they're taking care of the dogs), but they're always prompt when someone comes in or in returning phone calls. The main inside play area is separated into areas for small dogs and big dogs, and sleeping quarters are in the rear (individual and shared cages). Bring enough dogs, and they'll let them sleep in the play area overnight. The facility also has a "backyard" with kiddie swimming pools, so they can get fresh air a few times a day. The arrangement is much better than the dogs sitting in some narrow, stifling indoor/outdoor dog run in the heat of summer. No grass, unfortunately, but I'll take dog playtime and air conditioning over grass any day.The best part of my experience is how quickly they got to know me. I was surprised that when we arrived to start a second stay at Dog Days, Frances (the owner) and her staff remembered my dogs' names, how they like to play, which one is shy, and which one is deaf. I absolutely feel comfortable with leaving my dogs with someone who pays such close attention to her clients and their animals.
5	It's been a while since I have been here but this place rocks. When i lived in Phoenix I took my dog Heidi here many times. We took Heidi here for daycare and boarding. They have areas for the dogs to play outside and inside as well. Heidi really enjoyed the playtime in the pool. The dogs are constantly supervised and played with throughout the day. If you are boarding the dogs stay in there own private kennels overnight. At all times there is someone on premises even over night. Unlike most places they don't nickle and dime you for each playtime, snacks, or trips to play in the outside area. The price for boarding is not much more than a full-day of daycare. Heidi always seemed like she had a good time here and came home a tired happy dog.This would be my number one choice for doggie daycare or boarding in Phoenix.
5	Dog Days has quickly become our dog's home away from home. He LOVES it there. Sure, I was a frantic, overprotective dog mom the first time we dropped him off but my fears were quickly dissolved when I realized the quality of this facility.The day care section is divided into a 'big dog' and 'little dog' section. The dogs are closely watched at every moment to ensure safety for all. The employees are very attentive and know everyone's names by heart (it's the little things, after all.) Also, this place is crate free, meaning you don't have to pay extra for your dog to play with others all day. They are only crated if being fed a meal or if they are being boarded overnight. Megan, the owner, is great and very reassuring even to neurotic pet owners like myself. The first time we boarded Dexter for a long weekend, we called twice a day to check on him. She was kind and patient, explaining to us during each call that he was having the time of his life. Dexter's visits are now a weekly occurrence and one I know he looks forward to. These trips are mutually beneficial as he not only has fun but is completely exhausted afterwards, giving his parents a much needed night off. Love Dog Days and plan to be a long and loyal customer!
3	This place was good. They are very thorough with checking a dog's medical records on the first visit. Lots of paperwork to complete. They have two indoor play areas. One for big dogs and one for little dogs. There is an outdoor play area, but it's mainly cement. Just a small dirt area in the back. The dogs sleep in crates and they told me that there is someone there all the time. I thought the rates were a little pricey. But I have no complaints. I just wish there was an outdoor area with grass and the sleeping areas for the dogs were bigger.
5	Dog days has quickly become a favorite place for our dog Meatball. He LOVES it. I can barely keep him from jumping out the window of my car when we are pulling up. The owner Megan was great about explaining everything they do there and gave me a tour the first time I stopped in. There are two sections, one for large dogs and one for small dogs. The employees play with the dogs all day and I can be sure that Meatball will come home tired from playing.They have a 1/2 day rate ($15) and a full day ($30) rate. It may be a bit pricier than a few other places I looked at, but totally worth it. It's also right by my house, so that makes it that much better.Meatball is still a puppy so we are still feeding him three times a day. I dropped him off one day and forgot to leave his lunch (bad mommy). When I returned a few hours later to drop it off, they had already fed him! That was AWESOME! I trust the employees and am completely satisfied with the experience we've had so far.  I feel good about leaving him for our out-of-town trips. We will continue to be a loyal customer. Thanks Dog Days!
5	dog days is my absolute favorite! My dog is very anxious when I leave so he needs constant attention, which he gets here. And unlike most places they get to run around and play ALL day with no crate time, so he's all tired out (and happy) when I come to pick him up after work. He has learned to jump up on the couch since the room has several couches for them to relax on, but I don't mind. the staff is very accommodating to unusual requests. I boarded my dog Toby there once and asked them to put a lock on his crate (he escapes a lot) and they had no problem with that. The price is a little expensive compared to other doggie day care places around, but it's worth the price. And of course the yelp deals help:)
5	We bring our dog, who was a rescue, here for half days and sometimes for boarding. The staff has been so kind and attentive to her needs. She has really come out of her shell and really loves going to Dog Days. They are very good with dogs and keep them busy playing all day. In the summer they bring out several small pools and the dogs love it.
5	Still the best daycare/boarding facility for dogs in the Valley. We love Dog Days and trust them completely with our pooch!
5	I've been taking my boys here for years, even before Megan took ownership.   She has done an outstanding job in keeping the vision of Dog Days.   I recently lost my Scottie to old age and was worried about Oliver and how he would be without his big brother.  On his first weekend stay  the staff send me videos of Oliver playing with other dogs and I felt secure that my boy was well taken care of.
5	A year and a half later and I can't say enough great things about Dog Days. The staff is great and they are so good with my dog Meatball. He loves it there and I'd recommend it to anyone for when they are away or just to socialize their dog. Amazing place!!!
5	Dog Days is the best!  I took my previous dog there five days a week.  I currently take my little puppy Baby twice a week and she adores it.  The staff is excellent.  Megan, the owner, is wonderful.  I would highly recommend it!
5	The staff is very caring.  My dogs and I are treated well here.  If your dog loves to play, this is a good place to try.  They have a large playroom for the dogs to play all day.
