5	We've been using the Desert Roots Farm CSA for over two years.  During that time, our delivery has always been here when promised. The weekly share is abundant and includes all fresh, locally grown produce.  In addition, it often includes something that I would not have purchased causing our family to expand its palatte. We love it!
5	We've been participating in Desert Roots CSA for well over a year now and everything good I have to say about them wouldn't be enough.  Like Christy L. said, a 1/2 share (which is HUGE) comes to about $18 a week.  Last week there were heirloom radishes, turnips, spinach, broccoli raab, baby bok choy, a head of green leaf lettuce and some oranges (and I'm probably forgetting something).  Unlike Bountiful Baskets, Desert Roots is 100% local and everything is grown without the use of pesticides or synthetic fertilizers.  It isn't certified organic (this costs thousands of dollars and takes years) but I care more about what is on my food rather than an official seal.  Bountiful Baskets produce comes from all over so it doesn't support local farmers.  Without our support they're often forced to sell their farms and up come more subdivisions.  Additionally by buying local everything is picked within 24 hours of receipt and also, the money then is kept in the community.  These reasons are just the tip of the ice berg.  Desert Roots Farm CSA goes in seasons lasting any where from about 6 to 10 weeks (approximately).  There are drop off locations all over the valley.  Ours in Ahwatukee comes on Tuesdays.  We pick up our bags at a local shop between 4:00 and 7:00 pm then go to happy hour (thus dubbing the night 'veggies and booze').  The variety is nice and you will definitely be eating your veggies every week!
1	This was my first season and at the beginning I wrote an email to Farmer Kelly Saxer where I was so excited about the quality, packaging, recipes, etc.  I'm not sure what happened as the season wore on, but the past two weeks have finalized my decision to not sign up for another season.About four weeks into things, I received a head of lettuce whichappeared to be past its prime -- turning brown and was slimy evenafter washing.  I figured this to be an oversight and decided not tosend a message to the farm. A couple of weeks later, I received carrots which were very rubbery and turning green. I decided to just throw them away chalking it up to another unlucky occurrence.  (Of note, occasionally I would receive green onions with a slimy consistency on the outside near the bulb; however, when peeling off the outside, the onions still appeared ok to eat.)This brings me to the past two weeks. I have received swiss chard  which was an unnaturally dark green (the same color as a moldy bell pepper), has an odor, with murky brown water in the bottom of the bag and showing evidence of decay (wilting, soft consistency, aforementioned color, etc).Because of a lack of consistency in the quality of produce, regrettably, I'll have to find another source for locally grown veggies. Four unreliable weeks of a 12 week season translates to a 33%rate of quality issues, which many would would find unacceptable fromgrocers, and heck, with any consumer good.I'm not sure if it's just been an unusual growing season and myexperience is not indicative of the typical produce from the farm.Nonetheless, when I picked up my first bag, I would not have expectedto receive substandard vegetables at any time.Interestingly enough, I sent this correspondence to the farmer. Her response? "Thanks for the email. Take care."How's that for service?  I don't think I've ever been so disappointed.
5	I love this CSA. They have always given me more than what I bargained for. Now, we can add on bread, beef, chicken, eggs and dairy. SO AWESOME! I rarely need to go to the grocery store because of this! I've never received anything rotten. In fact, everything has lasted MUCH longer than store produce!  For the cost, I believe this is the best CSA out there! Also, i don't feel guilty about throwing the left-overs in my composter, since it's all organic!
5	I was very excited to do my first CSA and now I'm hooked!  I love the weekly door-front delivery of fresh, local, pesticide-free greens (and not so greens like citrus, etc) which means my grocery/farmers market trips are less and so is the bill.  Since the beginning of January, we've gotten fresh and great tasting vegetables and I like being introduced to a variety of greens because I love learning a new recipe for a new ingredient (it was my first time using Kohlrabi).  I read another's review and have to say I have not had any bad experience with food being 'past it's prime' or slimy or anything (sorry about that Jennifer H.).  The deliveryies have been prompt and I like that everything is packaged and washed for me - basically ready to go.  I have the full share right now and plan on renewing for the next season for another full share.. the summer survivor season is exciting - I love all the stuff they'll be harvesting those months.  I recommend people give it a shot because you'll definitely be eating your veggies more often.
