3	I remember when I first moved to Las Vegas, driving around exploring, I had seen this house from the road and was intrigued by the elephant peaking over the wall and what I wasn't sure if it was a missile or space ship in the back yard. I had no idea I'd ever actually get to see it.It was quite an interesting experience and I'm glad I can say I've been there, but once was enough. Who knows if they'll do it again next year and I've missed the annual tours in the past. First of all the invitation says a $10 donation is requested, but we soon realized if we don't donate the full amount per person, you don't get in. I guess there's a new meaning for donate I wasn't aware of or maybe the dictionary is buried beneath the rubble. Once inside I felt like I was stepping into an episode of Hoarders.Besides my allergies working overtime with all the dust being stirred up from all the touring visitors. I felt like much of the houses construction and decor was old, unkept and improperly placed that I was risking life and limb. Narrow stairs, creaky sagging floors, Lonnie's "antiques" stacked floor to ceiling in some places. Some of it interesting and may have cost a lot of money but most of it was junk. I'm sure you can walk through the house tons of times and see something you missed before. The organized side of me wished the rooms were themed more than they were, but I suppose once you have that much stuff, you'll eventually have to mix it all up. Probably the craziest part of the self guided tour was Lonnie's tomb for when he dies. I'll leave it at that...right now they only open it once a year for public tours, so mark your calendar for next year if you're interested.
4	I have seen this house by driving by since we moved here in 2008. I always seemed to miss Nevada Day tours. This year I made sure not to make any plans except to go visit Lonnie's home.On Sunday we arrived at 11:50am and there was at least 20 people in line already. We were greeted by Lonnie outside and gave the $10.00 per person donation and received our map of the area. I have to admit after 10-15mins I was in "overload" as its hard to take everything in. The tour loops around 4 floors for the basement mine tour to the observation tower! We spent almost 2 hrs and were wore out! There is alot of Vegas history spewed all over the property and around every corner. If you like Vegas history and  you would definitely enjoy visiting.
5	If you've been in Vegas long, more than likely you have taken a drive by the backyard of Dr. Lonnie Hammargren's mysterious museum of a home. Being a native I've watched it grow over the years, becoming more odd. Well little did I know, he opens his house to the public, once a year, for a donation of $10. (This happens on Nevada day btw) I was totally stoked and went with a big group. Friends, family, all ages. You pay, get a map of what you will be seeing (I'd say about 75% of everything) and you're off! This place looked like a millionaire hoarders playground. From the tomb he will be cremated in, to Walt Disney signs, to TONS of old Vegas memorabilia, to a ridiculous hat and tie collection. His wife's closet was amazing with a built in sink. There was a hallway that looked like a brothel for working girls with 3 separate bedrooms dressed accordingly to fit that era. Including health grades, women, and lots of sexual presence.   There was a piano, a separate stage, a bar. Two chapels one indoors and one outside. Oh and once outside there are multiple pools, living turtles, a Statue of Liberty, fountains, dinosaurs, and stairs leading up in about 3 directions. Once upstairs there are about 3-4 more entryways, have I mentioned it would be EASY to get lost here?! There was a toy room, a telescope to view the eclipse or solstice from any angel. I literally could go on, and on, and on about all the amazing, eccentric, possible junk, and many treasures of this place. There were a few local vendors and plenty of friends of the Dr. They offered $1 hotdogs once inside. I spent 2 hours roaming, and easily could have spent more. I recommend anyone take this trip to the east side on Nevada day and learn how when your that rich, it truly didn't matter now crazy you are.
4	After driving by and seeing this place, glad I got to take the tour this year on Nevada Day.One of the more bizarre things I have witnessed. This man's house is truly a sight to be seen. Be prepared to spend at least 2 hours there wandering through the house and seeing so many things that this man has collected. Beware, it has been said that 2014 was the last year that he was going to have his house open to the public.
