1	YES, the new Vee Quiva Casino has a Buffet, & YES, it's ONE STAR, at least for right now.This new Cafe/Buffet opened on July 2nd & this is July 5th, so they've had four days to iron out the problems associated with a new opening.  With that in mind, I stopped in here to enjoy some nice Buffet today at around 11:30 AM.  The hostess gave me a pager & said it would be about 15 minutes, which seemed odd since the restaurant was only about 1/3 full.After waiting HALF AN HOUR, & being told that I was #4 on the list and that it would be a while longer, I gave up & left.  Another weird thing was that I was told to stay, with my pager, within 20 feet of the front of the restaurant or I would be out of range!  (What's the point of the pager??)There is absolutely no excuse for any restaurant to be off to such a piss-poor start, especially by the fourth day.This (Breakfast) Buffet, served from 6 AM to 2 PM is also priced way too high at $10.95...  Considering what they had out today it should cost about half that!ONE STAR ALL AROUND!     :-O
1	We came to the casino tonight for Eclipse Bingo which ended about 2:30am. About 3 O'clock we decided to check out this "diner". First we waited probably right round 10 minutes for anyone to come over and get a drink order from our table of four. Someone in my party noticed our assumed waitress asked a busser to get our drink order. He came over and said "do you need any drinks over here" Some one said they will have a water, and he said "a water" and seemed to be about ready to walk away. I told him I would like a water and we didnt see this going well so the remainder of the table also ordered water. The waitress finall came over and was clearly flustered (There were probably about 5 or 6 tables with people at them in the whole diner. She tolld Order #1, #2 and on #3 my husband ordered chorizo and Eggs, she said they were out of chorizo. So he went with his next choice Heuvos Ranchero. The waitress couldnt pronounce the name of his dish.. #4 ordered and he told her just how he wanted his Rueben sandwich, and what sides he wanted. She stared at the menu as he was ordering (she did not know anything about the Reuben meal. So we asked her to do seperate checks basically one side of the table and the other side was seperate. Even that was a task for her to figure out what she ment. We repeated it and pointed and she still did not understand, She apologized and was making excuses. So we wait another 20 minutes for these 4 sishes (nothing to complicated, we didnt order any thing special just made our options for sides and such.) She comes back with my husbands "Heuvos Ranchero's" and another person on the other bills Burger. She looked at her receipt and realized my order and the other gentleman's order never got put in. So instead of looking at her memo pad at what we ordered, she re asked us for what we ordered. After she walked away, My husband said " I dont think this is the omlet I ordered, It didnt have any ranchero sauce, and were pretty sure it was prepared with ham, and was toped with cold white cubes of cheese. Almost 10 minutes later she came with the rest of our order. My husband pointed out that I didnt get my toast that came with my meal and He didnt get his Croissant with his.She brought the items to the table along with some jellie she pulled from her apron. I didnt eat my potatoes because they were somewhat dry and after this terrible visit I just wanted to leave. One of your guests ate maybe a 1/4 of his Rueben sandwhich and said it was nothing of how a Rueben should taste. My sister N' law did enjoy her burger and the frys were okay, After waiting to see any sign of our waitress for the bill, I finally told my party that were not waiting around for her its 4:30am and we were tired of this place, honestly thought we were on a Kitchen Nightmare episode. Even the table next to us had problems with this waitress. We went to the chasier and explained we have no bill because our waitres is MIA. They found the waitress and she came up with the bill, and apologized. She showed us our receipts and they of course were wrong. We said its fine will pay the bills how they came, since were all friends, we can wrok it out. This by far is the worst Diner I have ever eaten at. Good luck to you if you wish to come to this lil convienent diner at the VQ casino and hotel.
2	= = = = = =  DAILY BREAKFAST BUFFET  = = = = = =After experiencing it's absolutely disasterous coming out in July, I waited until now to see how things are going here at 24/7.  I had the Breakfast Buffet this morning, & things were much improved.  There were 14 items, plus warm syrup:  Beverage (coffee in my case), Strawberries, Pineapple, Honeydew Melon, Canteloupe, Watermelon, sweet rolls, scrambled eggs, pork sausage links, bacon, hashbrown potatoes, biscuits & gravy & French Toast.THE BEST:*  Nice dining room & I enjoyed comfortable booth seating.*  Table service from "Bonnie" was fine.*  Most of the food was good...  The bacon, as well as the biscuits & gravy were very tasty!= = = = = =THE REST:*  They were letting the food run out!  Even at Buffets with 150+ items one person has no trouble keeping an eye on things & making sure the trays are stocked.  What's up with THESE guys?*  The French Toast was dry and stiff.  It mIght have done better as roofing tiles!*  This Buffet is WAY OVERPRICED at $10.95!  It should be $6.95 including beverage.Meh.     :-|
3	We stayed at the hotel a couple days before Christmas so we decided to try this place for dinner and then again for breakfast. First off 24/7 Coffee Shop is a horrible name. Just based on name it sounds like a local coffee shop and that's it. Maybe you could get a muffin and an apple but nothing more. My bf ordered the prime rib special cause it was dirt cheap, but quickly realized you get what you pay for. While a lot of sides were served with it, the steak was way over cooked and wasn't great quality, but that's probably to be expected with a casino steak dinner. I had the turkey burger and fruit. Fries came instead of the fruit and there was no avocado on the sandwich. Pretty much everything that could have been wrong with it was wrong. Service was ok, but not great. We then came back in the morning for all you can eat pancakes for $2. We also got eggs and a fruit plate. The fruit plate was OK but normally a fruit plate will come with something besides just fruit, like a piece of banana bread or some yogurt. Not a deal breaker though. All in all the meals were just OK, but you get what you pay for.
1	We came for a nice Sunday breakfast, went to the hostess station to be seated and we knew it wouldn't take long as only maybe 20% if the seating was occupied. There are 2 in our party and were informed that it would be a 20 minute wait to be seated as there were 6 in front of us on their list! Would I / we recommend this place for a nice Sunday breakfast/brunch? Absolutely Not!I gave it one star as it was not posting otherwise!
2	Well we have to try a place at least twice. we were seated right away this time even though it was busier. My husband chose the Buffet for 17.99 and I ordered off the menu. It was a Sunday breakfast moment, my healthy egg white omelet had spinach, mushrooms, and cheese which tasted good but nothing stellar. my husband had many different selections from the buffet but for the 17.99 there was no roast on the carving board , just a pork loin. I ordered a Bloody Mary and the rim of my glass was a virtual Salt Lick! Yuck! I could not finish it. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. sadly to say .. not sure if it is worth a third trip.
4	We go to this restaurant every couple of weeks and we love it. They have the best breakfast, and if you love bacon it's the thickest yummiest bacon ever! But no lie we have eaten there breakfast, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. Only drawback the service is a little slow. Decently priced especially if you have a players club.
4	My boyfriend and have eaten here many times for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. The quality of the food is D-lish, tasty perfect size servings. The breakfast is the best Eggs Benedict is my favorite. We have brought our families also to enjoy this place. Highly recommended. Only con the service is a little slow but the servers are friendly
