4	White tank is still an excellent place to hike. I hadn't been here in about 8 years. I was really shocked to see all the new construction near the entrance. A shame really. The flowers were in bloom, so that was a bonus for sure.
4	The White Tanks are nice. We hiked the water fall path and my kids loved it.
5	For a nice, relaxing hike not too far from Phoenix, the White Tank Mountains are a great place for it. I've hiked the Waterfall Trail twice -- the first time in early spring when the waterfall was dry and the second time today, early winter, after a week of rain.  This time there was a nice amount of water trickling down the rocks. Not a gushing waterfall, but as good as one can get in Phoenix. The rock formations around the waterfall are amazing, and a bit awe inspiring to think about how long it took for the elements to create such magnificent crevices out of the tough granite stone.There are quite a few trails in the park area, but I thoroughly enjoyed the Waterfall Trail. It is a pretty short trail -- maybe about a mile or so -- well-paved with little "real" hiking involved. There are informational placards along the trail that explain the history of the area and the different fauna and animals inhabiting the area. It is a great opportunity to see tons of Saguaros, Cholla and Barrel Cactus.  And, beside the awesome waterfall, there are some fantastic petroglyphs carved on the many rocks along the trail.For some great scenery and a little history, I'd highly recommend taking a few hours to walk/hike/jog the trail. It's kid and dog friendly and well worth it in the end -- especially, if you get to see a real, live, waterfall in the midst of a desert
4	I've enjoyed the Waterfall trail both with and without water and it is way better with, of course, but it was neat to be able to hike right into the cool, shady crevice that the pool occupies when it is there.I've enjoyed the Waterfall trail both before and after the installation of all the boundary rails and informative signage.  I understand the need for the railings and found the information, well, informative, but my overall enjoyment of the site dwindled on this more recent visit, compared to my previous visit, when the primitive trail and barrier-free view of the petroglyphs left me overwhelmed with imagineerings of the hussle and bustle that this area once must have been full of.   Maybe the maintenance they do here means there's no broken glass to get in my dogs' feet?  Nope, albeit admittedly there's less here than many local parks.PS: Was I supposed to pay or something?
4	My husband I here come here quite often, well, he does more than me. He really likes riding his mountain bike on the technical trail here. There is always parking and it's never corwded. I really enjoy running on the trails when it's cooler out. the running trails are not too steep or technical. Watch out for rocks, I have slipped on a few and almost ruined my run! There are also snakes, so watch for those too.
3	Hike #3 of the year was White Tank's Trail #6, the waterfall trail.  Since it rained for 4 days, we figure that waterfall has a little more water.  Got there and it was tons of cars.  Read the trail, it is about 1 mile.  OK!  Off we went.  It was so crowded.  SO MANY KIDS!  They just walk right into you.  Got to the "waterfall", it was disappointing.  I know, we are in AZ!Came back down and found a Black Rock Trail 1.3 miles, so we did that.  It was basically walking around in a circle around a small mountain.  Was flat no incline at all.  We felt like we were wandering the desert, LOL!  Maybe we need to try the other trails there.
4	We had a lot of fun here.  This was our first trip to the park, and we were looking for a trail that wouldn't be too hard for my wife (who has fibromyalgia) and would be good for the kids.  We decided to try the Waterfall Trail.The trail is not too hard, and gets a little tougher as you go up.  it is paved for about the first quarter mile, maybe a bit more, then turns to a marked dirt trail.  It had recently rained, and the water was flowing when we got to the top.  Though we couldn't see the waterfall proper (you had to climb over a large rock to get to it, and I didn't think it was safe for my boys of 4 and 7), we got to the end and the boys thought it was a lot of fun.
4	Beautiful!! Close to Downtown!!  Be sure to bring cash!  When we went there, there was no one at front gate.  You are to deposit 10 bucks cash in envelope.  You can be fined if you do not.  There are picnic spots and restrooms!!!  NICE
4	I love hiking here! There is a per vehicle charge of $6 & they only take cash, so be prepared. The park hours are 6 am to 8 pm Sun through Thurs & 6 am to 10 pm Fri through Sat BUT all of the TRAILS CLOSE AT SUNDOWN. So keep that in mind when you are planning your visit, depending on the time of year that time will change. Sometimes the toll attendant will offer you a hiking trail map, if they don't you can ask for one :) There are lots of trails & the map will tell you how long each is & the difficulty. The trails are all clearly marked, but the map REALLY helps. There are also signs on each of them to tell you if it's good for biking, hiking, horseback, etc. My daughter & I have walked the 'waterfall' trail, which is nearly all paved, quite a few times. It says it's 1 mile, but in the heat it feels more like 3, especially on the parts where it's at a slight incline, lol. Certain times of the year the water fall is really just a little trickle of water, so don't expect Niagara falls. You still get some great views & get to read some interesting history plaques along the way. The trails located on the East side, near the horse stables, have no boulders & are smooth compact dirt. Great for walking & running. Plus, this time of year there are wildflowers galore! Those are my favorite for afternoon jogs because as the sun is going down in the west you are given some merciful shade :) The stables are open for horseback riding normally from late Sept through March (reservations required) & from time to time the park offers Moonlight hiking guided hikes. I plan on taking advantage of the horseback riding AND the moonlight hiking in October myself! There are picnic tables through out the park, so you can easily make a day of it!
3	Staying at the campground. Love the space and the scenery. I've been to more interesting parks, but this one is pretty nice too.
5	Great place to take your family for a weekend picnic, or more! Great trails, and sight seeing. Daughter and I will start having our weekly hikes here. Our first hike was on the Black Rock short and long trail. It was flat but It was a great way of spending time with my daughter!!
4	I absolutely love this regional park! The only pitfall is the cost of admission.....Seems to me that a park should be free to enter but I understand that there are costs for maintenance as well. Buying an annual park pass makes the most sense if you plan on making repeat visits. Beautiful views of the valley from any trail. All levels of intensity for hiking, biking and the like. Hard to believe the mountain is surrounded by houses because it seems so serene when visiting.
5	For me being outside is one of the greatest gifts. I don't need to shop, eat, and drink to be content. I don't need to spend a lot of money. Nature in an of itself is wonderful. I've watched the sunset from my backyard over these mountains time after time. Today I took my son with me so we could walk and talk.  I needed to get away. He needed to hear me without interruption. From the backyard the mountains look as if they are miles and miles away. In all actuality it's a short simple 10 mile drive. The cost to spend the day roaming around in nature, a simple $6 plus the cost of two Gatorade's. We decided to walk the waterfall trail. A nice leisurely walk. Not to much of an incline. Simple for me.  We saw plenty of 'pine trees' dotting the landscape. I was able to take in the magnitude of the mountain as we walked. Everything is so much bigger once you get to it. Although there wasn't water coming from the fall when we reached the end of the trail, it was still well worth the 2.5 mile walk (That being round trip) There was a pool of water at the base of the fall. This being Arizona an all, I wonder if the fall ever does have water?  Perhaps one day I will find out. I do plan on returning to the park in the future. I so enjoy walking and taking in God's beauty. I would recommend this place to any an all who simply just want to get away from the stresses of life.
4	Came to check out the waterfall/pond (lol) which was pretty cool. It would've been awesome if there was actually water coming down but it was still cool to see. I knew beforehand there wasn't gonna be any because there hasn't been any recent rain out here so I wasn't disaapointed when I got there. We went through the Black Loop trail to connect to the waterfall trail to reach it. It was a nice and easy hike to get to it. They also had some cool petroglyphs on some of the rocks along the way. This is a pretty large park. It was not crowded at all, we only ran into one other couple the entire time we were there. The park is very nice and well manintained. The restrooms are clean and each parking area had pinic tables and ramadas. Some of them even have playgrounds for the kiddos. We will have to come back another day to check out some of their other hiking trails.
4	Nice easy hikes with few people once you are on the back part. I enjoyed the views and the hills, as well as the trails. I really can't remember which 2 trails we combined for a loop of 9 to 10 miles, but it went well and after 4 hours of nice walk we had a short stop at the nice and new library building.A good choice to catch spring blooms and enjoy silence.
5	I had quite the spiritual experience here. When I came, there were warning signs at the Waterfall trailhead that said that mountain lions had been spotted earlier in the day. Awesome. I had my camera and was ready for a fabulous photo op. (In hikes elsewhere I have a record of seeing a bobcat, a black bear, coyotes and Gila monters). A mountain lion would be a first for me. But that's not what happened. I get to the tinaja at the end of an easygoing trail. Perfect weather. Petroglyphs along the way. Nobody on the trail. The tinaja is very peaceful. I climbed to the second one up and in the back. I snap two pictures. I get home and upload the pictures to my computer and that's when I notice the oddity in one of the photos. Inside the tinaja is an Indian face that appears to be looking out and is highlighted by the reflections and water ripples (see attached photo). The other photo I had taken two seconds earlier doesn't have this anomaly. I left, my experience complete.
5	Coming from the Midwest, I'd never really experienced the desert until we hiked the short waterfall trail here. It's amazing just how large the cacti are. We visited the park after a Royals spring training game in Surprise on the recommendation of the Royals website and a friend who lives in the area. I'm really glad we made the short drive over to the park.Maricopa County should be proud of the way this park is being run. The gate attendant was very friendly and the park was very clean.The waterfall trail was a pretty simple hike of .9 miles out and back. While it doesn't sound like there is a waterfall except after heavy rains, the trail was still nice with plenty of scenery. The air force jets that flew over while we were there also added to our enjoyment.Overall, we really enjoyed hiking here.
4	Excellent Park!  As metropolitan areas go, Phoenix maintains a higher sense of civic duty than most towns, and that is reflected in its parks systems.  White Tanks ranks in my TOP TEN list easily above #5.  It is HUGE.  It is DIVERSE.  It has EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES.  Bathrooms are CLEAN.  And they have LOTS of EVENTS!Check out the calendar of events at their web page!http://www.maricopa.gov/parks/white_tank/
5	I'm from the midwest so I was excited to see mountains and cacti! My friend and I were staying in Surprise so it was a very short drive (about 10-15 minutes) for us. I wish we had mountains this close in IL! Admission is $6 and was good for two visits. The first day, we did the Waterfall Trail. It was very scenic and we saw a lot of petroglyphs which was really cool. No waterfall this time though. The second day we did Waddell Trail. It was alright but flatter. Waterfall goes more into the mountains. I wish we had more time to do another hike or two because I loved it!We did both hikes early in the morning, around 7am and the trails were not  crowded at all.
5	Very accessible and for just a few dollars you can hike as much as you want.  Beautiful landscape with trails for multiple levels of hiking experience.
3	Located in Waddell, White Tank Mountain is about 20 minutes outside of Phoenix.  I'm kind of liking these trails.  I think it's because they are close to home, but far enough away from Phoenix that I feel like I'm out of town.  They aren't crowded like Phoenix's Pinnacle Peak and Squaw Peak.  Instead, they are peaceful. There a bunch of trails to choose from ranging in length and difficulty, but none of them are really hard.  They also have picnic areas in the area, but I don't like eating or sitting outside (it's the city girl in me) so I haven't stopped in any. One thing I haven't tried yet is their competitive track that runners and mountain bikers use for training. It's on my to-do list though. Level: Easy to Moderate
4	Short drive to get out of nature and take a hike.  They have reasonable horseback riding hours and fees. Areas for picnics, camping and trail rides. If you hike, make sure you check your shoes before going home and leaving cactus burrs all over your sister's shag carpet.  Sorry Lauren.
5	I love this park and the annual pass is perfect.  It pays for it self and makes it a lot easier when you drive through not dealing with cash.
4	Great hiking area with trails for all difficulty levels. If your looking for some good scenery and not have to drive far, this is definitely a spot to consider
5	so much fun!! I like the waterfall hike. Make sure you go after it rains. $6 entrance fee. I love the white mountain :) Get there early!
3	what was I thinking wanting to go camping
4	Returned here after an absence of 20+ years and the county has definitely put some effort and $ into this park.  Arrived late afternoon in our new motor home and they were all ready for us, addressed us by name and called ahead to the campground to let the host know we were coming.  Host escorted us to site and ensured we were positioned correctly.  Newly installed 30/50 amp hookups & water spigots worked flawlessly.  We only checked out a few of the nearby trails but will definitely return to check out more.  It will be a bit easier to get there when the 303 is completed though.
5	My husband and I recently stayed at the family campground. Very quiet and clean.  The sites have power and water but we camped out in a tent. There is also a 3 stall bathroom with a shower, very well kept. Lots of little hiking trails throughout the park. You are in the desert so that's the view  you get. We normally do forest camping but this is a nice little desert campground. $25 a night but an $8 fee for online reservations. There are 40 sites but 4 are reserved for camp hosts.
5	Pick your trail any trail..  There are many options in the valley and as an avid hiker I have tackled some great trails throughout the state and if you are looking for a quiet hike that is scalable to your liking then check out this park, a hidden gem in the valley.White tanks has received a significant amount of funding and they have invested it wisely.  From the great amenities, trails and their visitor center I am very delighted to be an annual member.  Getting here can be a trek for those in the east valley where you have great trails too, but the difference here is tranquility and you have options on how you can scale your hikes.  Most people do the falls trail expecting to get a nice water fall and lets get real, we are in the desert so expect a puddle of water and a drip that is slowly carving the granite.  Outside of the puddle the trail is very easy, my 2 year old walks the 2 miles like a boss and to be quite honest it's not the trail for those seeking a challenge of training.  For those seeking more adventure you need to familiarize yourself with the map and other trails.  The Ford Canyon Trail is the way to go for those training and building endurance.  It covers all levels you look for to train for big hikes.  Throughout the hike you will encounter flat dirt trails, moderate inclines (not like Piestewa Peak steep) switchbacks, sand, and you will get a good mile of actual climbing require you to use all four limbs.  The scenic journey you take is one of the best in the valley as you scale into the back of the mountains and you will hit a good 8 mile patch where you will not have nothing but you and nature, no visibility to a city, the only traces of civilization are the few markers that keep you on the trails.  Along the trail you will see more waterfalls than you see at the waterfall trail (relative to season) and you will see some great geology throughout as you ascend up.  There is an old dam that is found about 6 miles in and it is a very awesome spot to stop and have a sip of water and stretch.This trails connects to three different trails.  Each will have a different challenge but if you want the tougher challenge take the Goat Trail it will take you really deep into the mountains and you are looking at almost a 20 mile hike after everything is said and done. If you want to cut it to about 15 miles then take the Mesquite trail and this will take you through some great switchbacks.  I have trained here consistently in preparation of bigger hikes to places like Humphrey peak, Lemmon and the Grand Canyon and I have to say it will get you ready.  Try it!
5	Abundance of trails for a variety of skill levels. The per vehicle charge is $6 and they only take cash so be sure to bring $ with you. The park's house are reasonable and the staff is great! Have been out here many times to hike, take guided tours with the rangers, and more. Its a fun, cheap, and a great way to wear out the kids in a beautiful setting.
5	Great place to get out and explore, go for a hike, hang out. Beautiful scenery! I love that it's not too far from where I live so I'll be coming back...once it cools down that is! So if you haven't already check it out, now go take a hike!
5	Was awesome?!?! Went just to hike for fun and happened that there was a moonlight hike at 730. So our hike lead us to the moonlight hike at perfect time and to say the least very neat experience, interesting history and gave us Blacklight's to see scorpions glow in the dark! We will be back.
4	Hadn't been here in awhile (like 20 years) and it has definitely been paid attention to by the county.  The motor home area now has individual water and electric (30 & 50 amp) hook ups and I'm told they will have a dump station by next season.  Library right outside the entrance gate is interesting.  Newer rest rooms / showers are basic but very clean and functional.  Lots of trail options for hikers, mountain bikers and equestrian folks.  Might be easier to get to when the 303/I-10 interchange is completed.  Would definitely visit again, and in the near future!
5	Figured I would write a small review here, since I practically live on these trails. I ride this park about 3-4 days a week in my mountain bike.Love it. I ride in from greenway. Have a yearly pass. These trails are great for just about everyone. From simple, to hard. Know your limits people. Don't leave your trash, and enjoy what the park has to offer .
