4	Honestly had forgotten about Palermo's down the road, but glad a friend of mine reminded she went there recently.  So dinner was had and glad we "remembered" this place.  Tasty NY style pizza and we also got some wings to split.  We will certainly not forget about Palermo's anytime soon.
5	Love, love, love it! I don't even live in AZ anymore. My husband is AD Navy so we move a lot. Good thing we have family back in AZ still or we wouldn't have an excuse to come eat here! The pizza rocks, it's addicting, not to forget the wings... The wings are to die for, they are the bomb! Crispy, spicy (or not) and just down right awesome. And the people are so friendly and great to be around. I can't wait to come eat their again in November :)
4	I love Palermo's.  I usually go to their location on 67th Ave & Indian School and I'm never disappointed.  My husband and I went to this location yesterday for a couple of slices and a soda and it was really good.  The slices were huge and brought out to us on real plates with real silverware--very rare in a pizza parlor.  The slices could have been slightly hotter but they were delicious!  We'll be back.
3	Friendly service on the phone and for the quick pick up, and the pizza was ready when specified.  Aroma wasn't terribly appealing on the way home and I think it's the canned mushrooms that were on the pizza.  Anyway, the cheese & sauce were fine, and the crust had a nice thin chewy middle while perfectly crisp on the exterior.  Down at the end of the slice it was more of the same, almost like a chewy french bread middle with crispy outer crust.  As already mentioned, I wish the mushrooms were more of the HQ stuff that are hand cut.  Sure I didn't see them open a can of mushrooms, but they sure looked and smelled like them.Prices are reasonable.  Medium pizza is really what I could consider a large, and barely fit the box in which it was enclosed.  Mozz sticks seemed like the frozen and fried kind.
3	Average Good and Cheap.What can I say the food was good.  The service was good.  Pizza hot and crisp crust.  Wings were hot and not over fried.  Price was right. Perfect for a school sports pizza outing, watching the game or family night.
5	Best pizza in the valley that I've had (I've yet to do Pizzaria Banco).  Great service, always made fast, and GREAT pricing...doens't travel well, so if you're gonna have it in your car for a while I wouldn't recommend it...I think that's why there's a lot of "soggy crust" comments etc...
5	I am actually really bummed because I moved to North Phoenix, and have yet to find a good pizza place up here. I have been going to Palermos for 10 years while I had lived in Avondale. The location on 83rd and buckeye, and 91st and thomas, are just the same.These are my absolute favorite wings, anywhere, ever. They have the sauce calibrated to perfection. I am regularly yelled at as a wing hog by my family.The pizza is really good. some people call it soggy, but I think it's just very soft. It is very thin, but they crisp it just right, to allow it to remain soft, with a very light crunch to it. the end crust is so freaking good, and that is always usually crunchy. The pizza is enormous. If you have kids, you can cut the peices in half for them. 2 slices + 10 wings, and I'm wasted. Pizza wasted.The dude there has been there forever, and he's friendly as hell. I cannot find a place like this anywhere on the northside!! :(**Dip you pizza in the wing sauce**OMFG wow!
4	Lived in avondale for 5 years, loved their pizza, still have family in AZ so we get our fix when we can. My husband went by himself one weekend and when he got home I went to help get stuff out of his truck, opened the door and said "YOU WENT TO PALERMOS!" He brought me home a pizza and it was awesome!
3	This is run of the mill pizza. It's not bad, it's just not great. Very greasy. Lacks taste. Run by a guy from Albania who is very nice. I would go back to try something different from the menu like one of their subs.
5	Great pizza! Staff always friendly just a small simple place with a great pizza and great price.
5	one of my favorite places to eat. I love their pizza and wings. this time I got the lunch special with my son and getting two pizzas and a free soda was awesome. Only spent 5 dollars and change.
5	Love this place.    Friendly service. Wow the pizza  and wings SUPER YUMMY  !!!!me and my family love it
1	First we have been getting pizza and wings from here for years. Always good and good service. Tonight we ordered a large supreme and after getting it home and eating over half with the family we discovered a cricket on the pizza. We called them and returned the evidence. Very apologetic and returned our money. Hopefully this does not happen to anyone else and they clean the place up. Will be looking elsewhere for our pizza.
5	Delightful!  2 pieces of pizza and drink for $4 AND its delicious!  The crust is light and thin, flavors are terrific.  Give this place a try!
1	Ordered the Sicilian special.  Worst I ever ate.  Majority of pizza was tomato soaked dough.  Something tasted stale on the toppings.  Disgusting!!!  This place was actually recommended. Lol what a joke!
5	Just ordered out last night from the place for the first time last night and it won't be the last time. We ordered the special a one topping X-large pizza & 25 wings for $23.95. We were not disappointed. The pizza was big, nice thin NY style crust, we got sausage as our topping and it was delicious! The wings are hands down the best wings I've had from a pizza place. I was pleasantly surprised on both the pizza and the wings. The guy who took our order was extremely nice. There's absolutely nothing I can say wrong about this place.
1	I hate that my last few reviews have been negative. I am usually pretty good at picking spots that turn out to be good. That said, Palermos Pizza is probably some of the worst I have ever had. I got the two slice and drink special. Just got regular old pepperoni slices. Well, I have had letters from my credit card company that were thicker than this pizza. The dough was pasty, not cooked enough, sauce was barely there, the chesse while there was dripping with grease as was the pepperoni. Even the diet Coke tasted like chlorine. Didn't know how to eat this mess, tried a knife and fork, but everything just slide off to one side, tried folding it, but as soon as I lifted it off the plate it sagged and started to loose cheese and stuff. Finally, used the fork to cut down, which squashed the slice even flatter. I loaded it up with Parm, peppers and oregano, but still there was little taste. I left most of it. Checked the other reviews and some seem to love the place, they must have gone on a day when there was a different cook. Sorry, but I will NEVER go there again.  That letter from my credit card company, with a bit of cheese would probably taste about the same, maybe better if the stamp was tasty.
3	Tried Palermos for the first time the other night. We ordered a 16" pizza with half cheese, half meatball. Also asked for french fries, but the guy said they didn't have them yet... the menus were just recently printed. So that was disappointing. We got mozzarella sticks instead. The cheese sticks were tastier than I expected. They had a nice breading and the cheese was melty and good. The pizza was also good, although I don't think I would do meatball again. It was very thinly sliced and had an interesting flavor so it took on a whole different taste compared to the plain cheese. I liked the crust. Crisp on the very bottom so it wasn't limp, yet the dough was still soft (not cardboard-y). Lots of cheese. I definitely overdosed on cheese. The guy at the counter had a thick accent and was a little hard to understand, but he was nice and friendly. I would get pizza here again.
4	We were looking for a late night dinner.  We stopped at this place and when we first walked in the place smelled great!  Old men working the counter & making the food.  We ordered 2 pepperoni slices, special calzone & meatball calzone.   We are from NY and have high expectations so take this review as you wish. Pizza- son said it was NY approved & will be going back for more in the future. Specialty calzone- it was tasty & would order again. Meatball calzone- soft dough was so soft that it broke apart.  More messy than expected.  The taste was great and light to eat. It took a little bit for our order to be done but we didn't mind the wait as that means our food is made fresh.  The older men were great to talk to.
