4	Our kitchen was basically under construction, and our bellies were empty from all the hard work. Pizza or Chinese just wasn't going to cut it. I wanted a sandwich -- a GOOD sandwich. Not a sub -- a sandwich. That's how I managed to track down Archie's. It portrays itself as a traditional New York style deli. Well, I don't know about all that, but they do make some fine sandwiches.All their sandwiches have goofy names, none of which I remember, and they didn't have any to-go menus. The sandwiches are listed on huge boards over the counter -- one board for each main ingredient: beef, pastrami, ham, chicken, fish, and vegetarian. We went with a hot pastrami with swiss and grilled onions on pumpernickel, and a chicken salad on challah. The breads for both were just plain awesome. I really enjoyed the pastrami. The chicken salad, while better than most, was still slightly off. I think it was kind of sweet, which was just weird. Same with the potato salad -- odd, but not bad.I was surprised that they didn't serve Dr. Brown's sodas. I got a Boylan's diet cherry soda, which was actually fantastic. That was just one of the things that makes it untraditional deli. I'd say the place is more "modern" deli. I also can't tell if it's a chain or not. The signage is all well done and matchy-matchy, though slightly worn, which makes me thing "chain." But the staff all seems like family, and there are some quirky things that make me think, "indy." Maybe it's a franchise. I don't know, and I guess it doesn't really matter.Also of note, they had an extensive and tasty looking breakfast menu, featuring things like lox and halibut. I'll have to remember that, the next bleary Sunday morning I experience, when the cupboard is empty.EDIT: Hey I just found their website, where you can check out the menus. I asked the Yelp admins to add it.
3	$24  bill for   2 sandwiches chips and  drinks.  Ok it's an unfair comparison but  this is a strip mall in Glendale not  at fricking Westgate  so the food / service better be insanely good.I had a large sandwich,  wifelette had a small sandwich..   sandwiches were same size!  That's a  problem when there's a $2 disparity and I'm not sure if this is an aberration but it's one that doesn't bode well for a return.  They do  have silly names  which requires a load of scanning  , though helpfully broken up into   meat / shape types:,  I found that after ordering there were two or more signs now apparent with today's offers on them it's pretty busy  from a couple of feet. E.g  regrets instantly for not seeing what else they had:)  And given that there's a lot of out of stock / discontinued on the board  it may take a first timer a while to check out all that's available ( then again maybe you have a go to sandwich so all is happy and well in your land. It's really good food, fresh and while the custom components are there I felt that they were shy, ne embarrassed to be on the bread. E.g   Dan and Debbie's Fiesta  had skimmings of the sauce and other ingredients so  either it's attempt to be subtle or  just  as tight assed a sandwich as the basis for my review:) $10 sandwich   better be worthy of Mia's  $5  shake:)   Again  this is only  1  experience  so I may go back and see if this is how it's meant to be  but It's really a 3.5 to me  at present.
1	This place is CLOSEDR.I.P.  This place was right down the street from me in the Safeway shopping center.  The only sandwich I ever had there was one containing avocado.  The mashed avocado was really brown and bad tasting.  The overall sandwich was not that great and I didn't care for the potato salad.  I never went back.  Last night I stopped next door at GNC and the place was cleared out.
2	Apparently this place has reopened in Surprise.  And it is now reflected on their website, which it didn't before.  I still wouldn't go there because I didn't like the food but maybe I caught them on a bad day.
