4	This huge, 52-acre park has just about everything:A skate park for the teens, a playground for the kids, and a "tot lot" for the littlest kiddies.There's an urban lake, lighted volleyball courts, softball fields, jogging paths, and picnic ramadas with BBQ grills for the whole family.It also has a splash pad for those days it's just too hot to do much else.
5	This awesome park and recreation center makes me wish we lived in Peoria. We were here today for a FRAG (reef tank geeks) picnic and the whole area is new and beautiful with lots of different amenities. We saw sand volleyball courts, a spashground (with critters spouting water) for the little kids, a skate park packed with older kids, picnic ramadas, fishing areas, baseball fields, batting cages, and a duck pond. There is even a Starbuck's.We were at the group ramada BBQ pavilion, the likes of which I have never seen before. It was a huge covered circle of about a dozen BBQ grills with ventilation hoods hanging above and a cement "bar" from which to serve on the outside circle and smaller cement "tables" behind on which to do prep work. There were also sinks in the center to wash up. Surrounding this circle of grills were corresponding ramadas with picnic tables numbered for your group. What a fantastic set up! Great job, Peoria!
5	Fun for Everyone! My daughter had a softball tournament here and the facilities are awsome! They have everything you could ask for out of a community park. For example, softball/baseball fields, batting cages, skate park, rec center/ gym, sand volleyball courts, splash pad, and they even have a few fishing ponds for those wanting to relax. I also saw that they had teen dodgeball tournament going on in their rec center. They probably have some more stuff to do there that I didnt get a chance to check out cause this place is huge! They have a baseball store and a Starbucks also! Very cool place.
5	Great place to hang out everything from fishing to batting cages even indoor rock climbing
4	This is a very cool park with tons of amenities from the rec center (haven't been inside) picnic areas, trails, playgrounds, splash area, skate park, the works. I am going to focus this on the multi use trails.Heading to the south the trail goes down to Grand Ave where it loops around to the west side and heads north just past Bell Rd. This loop is about 9 miles and with the underpasses is completely free of car traffic. Along the trail are a few rest areas that have benches, one of the rest spots has a pavilion and water fountain.When you take the trail north of the park, it loops past the Peoria Sports Complex, hooks up with Thunderbird Paseo Park and meanders southeast and connects to the canal trail. I have taken this down to Central Ave.
5	I want one! Peoria, please talk with Charlotte about making another community center just like this one on the east coast.My nephew reserved a racquetball court. While he and my husband played, I scoped out the place. Talk about impressive! From rock walls, Wii games, and ping pong to weight lifting, basketball courts, and an indoor track, this place has it all!They offer computer use and free wifi. A Starbucks is across the parking lot next to baseball fields. A fishing pond is just outside the facility. In addition, they have conference rooms that I'm sure you could rent out for your special occasion. The facility was giant, clean, and remarkable. The staff were very courteous and helpful.I'm envious and I want one where I live. If you are a Peoria resident, you are very lucky! They offer extremely reasonable memberships for residents and great guest prices too. If you don't have your own equipment, you can rent it for $1. Can't beat this place!
5	I continue to be impressed with this community park and recreation center. I spent a morning and afternoon with my family at the park area. It was perfect! There are ample spaces for eating, BBQing, and playing. There's a fun water area where kids can spray each other. The bathrooms are kept very clean.Since I was here last, the Starbucks has closed.If I had a large event, I would want to host it here. Great entertainment for the entire family!
5	awsome gym, close to work, nice staff, CLEAN.   you can fish here too.
5	I love Rio Vista. It is a huge park fully equipped with a recreation center, skate park, volleyball nets, baseball fields, etc. The scenery is absolutely gorgeous. Being a amateur photographer, I love to bring "models" here so that I can shoot them. The park is really nice and kept up.
4	I came here for a birthday party today and was thoroughly impressed! I can honestly say it is one of the nicest parks I have ever been to. There were baseball fields, volleyball courts, waterways for fishing, a splash pad, and playgrounds with lots of cool features. The splash pad had a lot of fun features for the kids and went on continuously. There were ramadas throughout that you could reserve which had corresponding grills and "counter" space to use. Pretty convenient. The only reason I could not give this a 5 is the range of prices to reserve a ramada. If you are a Peoria resident, it is $30. If not, it is $90 which is a HUGE price difference and steep to bat. Other than that, this is a great place to take the kids....
5	Great park! Me and my boyfriend came here to have a picnic. Of course I referred to Yelp before making any decision on which park I should go to and this park popped up. At first I was hesitant because there weren't a lot of photos but the reviews were good. I was pleasantly surprised and happy that I did end up coming. The park is huge! They have a skate park, a volleyball area, and baseball areas. They also have a good trail to ride bikes or go walking. You can even go fishing! And the major plus is that this park is really clean!There are a lot of picnic areas and places to grill. So if you are looking for a family outing or just a relaxing day this is your place!
5	This is such a beautiful park! I won't reiterate the amenities most of the other reviews have pointed out, but the rec center is really clean and there's a lot of activities inside as well. I have yet to take advantage of their trails and picnic areas, though I will definitely make it a point to do so!
5	These are great baseball/softball fields!I'm not a City of Peoria resident and I don't visit this park for anything other than my son playing youth baseball  - both in club baseball and district little league tournaments.The Rio Vista baseball/softball fields are some of the nicest, best maintained fields in the valley.  It's obvious the city cares about this park and their sports programs.  The grass is always green, cut and simply wonderful.  The infields are well maintained, well striped and watered, with one exception - the pitching mound on Field #7 has deteriorated to the point of being a pitching bump.  As of June 2011 It's far from the 12" height required for Little League play.  That being said, it's still a nice grass infield to play on.I've had the opportunity to work with the staff at Rio Vista park too, just to communicate baseball scores during District 2 little league tournaments.  The staff is a joy to work with.Thanks for a wonderful place for the kids to play baseball!
5	I absolutely love the rec center.
5	Love this place. Great splash pad and tot lot.
2	Not a clean playground, and very dangerous openings that are high up for small children.Sketchy people lurking around... but I guess, in this area you can expect that.Bathrooms are ok- just the silver hold in the wall type toilet. Obviously, not child friendly.Ramadas are nice, but tables are disgustingly dirty... as well as the grills.Neat walking/running paths and nice lake with ducks.
5	This place is the best for parties or get togethers.  Something for the whole family.  Ramada rentals are super reasonable.
5	Great place to play racquetball....courts are very well maintained and even have MP3 hookups so you can listen to music while playing.
4	This is terrific park. This place can keep a kid busy all day long especially during the cooler months which dont last long enough here in the valley. The recreation center is also terrific. My only gripe with the rec center is that the age restrictions for 12 and under are not strictly enforced. Plenty of staff walking around, but no enforcement. Besides that if it is your first time visiting you may find that you have to dig for information to figure out exactly what you have access to and when. I suggest doing your research before you visit, least you find yourself stuck asking 21 questions of the front desk personnel. The facilities indoors are awesome for the price. The courts are well lit, and there are plenty of balls around if you want to get in a game of hoops. Lots of bench sitting if you want to watch your kids. A neat thing about the gym area is that there is an indoor track that is right above the basketball courts. There are a total of 4 hoops. On my visit one side was being used for a full court pick up game. The other side had open play. If hooping is your thing check out the website because the courts are not all always available due to other activities. Overall the park indoor and outdoor should be the standard that all communities should follow. Well done,Peoria.
4	Great facilities for a "rec center." Ryan at the front desk is very friendly, and has a great memory for guests names, it's cool. Keep up the good work!
4	Such a cool park. Rio Vista has a water play area for the kids, a really nice skate park, a gym that can be joined for a small fee, two really nice playgrounds and a ton of bbq gazebos. What a gem!
5	Love this park! It has something for everyone. I will continue to drive the distance to go to this park.
5	This park is so nice !! Went there tonight to go fishing. It was really maintained, and there was even park ranger's driving by when we went to keep an eye on it. There's a little bit of everything, really relaxing area.
5	Beautiful park, great classes at the community center.
5	Love this place! Been to lots of BBQ's and birthday parties here...we always have a good time. The splash pad is our favorite...also enjoy fishing in the ponds there.
5	This is a beautiful park has fishing volleyball courts with real sand ,skateboard park, basebal,l basketball, batting cages, it's playgrounds, Walking trails, biking trails, it's a really nice park just to spend the day at a nice barbecue pits. It would be a great day for barbecue now days with this weather so beautiful  check it out with your family and friends and have a BBQ.
5	This is an excellent park with something for everyone!I think that my favorite feature is in the Recreation Center.  An all day pass only is only $6 and it provides access to the gym, basketball courts, the rock-climbing area, and more!Outside, there are lakes for fishing, BBQ areas, a skateboarding park, and a sand volleyball court.  So, in general, this is a great place to get active and decompress at the same time.
5	Great city park. Congrats to Peoria to create a place that is safe and clean, that is bustling with life and happiness. Every activity you would like to do seems to be available at your fingertips. Came here to fish with my child and friends. Great looking park with plenty of water. Sadly no fish but who cares. After fishing the kids played on the playground for about an hour and had a blast. Plenty of shade and water spots throughout. It just makes me sad that due to undesirable people tax paying citizens still have to deal with graffiti and prison grade toilets and sinks. Not a complaint about the park just the uncaged animals out terrorizing society.
5	I'm here all the time
5	What a great park! One of our favorites. There's lots going on her and something for everyone. We especially like the large playground and splash pad! We also enjoy the little pond, lots of ducks and geese to watch. This park is well taken care of!
5	The trail system is a great place to run.  Bathrooms and water fountains are right next to the trail.  Tons if ramadas and different size playgrounds for kids
4	Fun park with lots of swings and slides. The water play area is fun and a refreshing break from the sun. Unfortunately, depending on the day, it can tend to get very crowded, and this close to an urban city you tend to get people from all walks of life converging in one place, I'm talking about the bad elements. There are nice courteous hard working people that come to the park to have a nice peaceful and respectful time, and then there are the rest, those are the ones you have to worry about.
5	This is a beautiful park with a great playground for younger kids! There is a lot of seating and areas available for bbq
