4	I recently got their tacos and they taste good. The place looks clean and nice inside.
5	This place has great mexican!  We got tacos of 4 different types.  All were great, but the el pastor (barbecue pork) was amazing.  The homemade chips and salsa were also really good -- the salsa had a touch of mexican oregano in it giving it a great flavor.  I would highly recommend to anyone!
5	We visited for lunch on the recommendation of a friend who her knows her tacos, and she was correct: Excellent. Tacos are of the small variety (a bonus to me). I had the chorizo and the filling was perfectly crispy, not greasy, with a lovely salad of cilantro and sweet onion on top. My husband had the weekend special carnitas. Meat was succulent yet caramelized on the outside.  The sauce served on the side was smoky and spicy and complemented the meat very well. Service was quick and genuinely friendly. The decor is very artful and the wooden blinds let in light but help you forget you are at a strip mall.
3	Service- no complaints. Meal served in good timeMenu- tad small, but sometimes helps in Mexican cuisineTaste- fair.  Some of pork meat to pork taco was chewy and could not be broken down      Open burrito was goodBeverage- had Corona light, not on the menuMentionables:-as someone else said, not really any vegetarian options-they do not give you your bill. You have to go up front to pay, and there is a tip jar up there. Suppose you could also leave cash on the table...-chips and salsa--would have been nice to have a hotter salsa option. might go back
4	TOTALLY LEGIT. The real deal. Visited for lunch on 12/19/13.I loved this place back when it was Guanjuanto. Then it took a bit of a downward turn... I'm happy to report that things are back to being solid.+ Revamped the interior - new paint, new wall coverings, new furniture+ Super friendly staff+ Nice ambiance; not overly obnoxious+ Free chips- Salsa was *super* salty (and I love salt) and quite watery+ Salsa had strong Chipotle flavor to it+ Chips were warm and fresh+ Great menu - so many good items to peruse and choose from+ I went with two tacos: Carne Asada and El Pastor+ Both came on soft corn tortillas that were perfectly cooked+ TONS of onion and cilantro - WIN+ Meats were perfectly cooked- Meats were a bit under seasoned + Prices were excellent+ Hot sauce that was served in a squirt bottle was good, but very smoky (Chipotle flavor)I'm so happy to report that this place is BACK, and it's STELLAR. I will definitely be back. Oh so good.
5	My husband and I are thrilled that El Jalapeno is open and in our neighborhood. We've been there twice in the past month. He always gets the tacos... each a different kind. I've had the carnitas and shredded pork torta. It tastes just like what we used to be able to find in Houston. We are SO thankful for authentic Mexican tastes and for the efforts of this family, as it is clearly a family business. Service was prompt and thoughtful - the waitress even helped Husband remember how to order jalapenos "toreados", which is grilled/blackened like he likes them. We will keep visiting this perfect little place!
2	Not bad, but not all that great either. Based on previous reviews, I get the sense that Wisconsinites have no idea of what good Mexican food tastes like (probably because most of the Mexican restaurants here suck).Cheap prices, sure. Flavorful food, no way.Everything was very bland. Salsa tasted like they opened a can of diced tomatoes and put it in a bowl. Meat in the tacos was under-seasoned. Most food was bland with no flavor. Even the guacamole. When you make guacamole, you need to *at least* add salt and lime (if not add pico de gallo). Tasted like mashed avocado on a plate, no more. Margaritas were good and cheap during happy hour!
4	I brought my family here to try it out. The food was tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary compared to other Mexican restaurants. Salsa was a bit "watery". Our food was made very quickly. We felt very comfortable bringing our kids here. I will be back in the future.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  I had el pastor and carnitas  tacos and torta. All were very good. Nice to see a good Mexican restaurant in this area. I will be back again and again. The food ,service and prices are outstanding.
2	Gotta go with Liz B on this one... I just don't like it. Much of this could be what I order, so I'll most certainly be back to try the things that folks here have raved about. But the positive reviews make me wonder if I'm missing something. The salsa is rough. Watery. Flavorless. I'd rather have Pace. And the chicken fajitas have no flavor. I don't understand! Throw meat onto a screaming hot skillet and your certain to build up a nice crust on the the outside. But nada. The rice and beans follow suit. Bland and boring. Again, maybe I'm not ordering the right things?
4	Stopped for lunch today.  Friendly staff and charming decor!  Food was very good, great service, too.  Will definitely return to try other choices from their interesting menu.
4	If I could eat 14 tacos in a row, I would go here. Carne Asada, Pastor, Lomo, Lengua (Beef tongue), Tripa, Buche (pork stomach), oh my!! Seriously - 14 different kinds of tacos! Sadly, I only had four:1) Pollo - delicious! 2) Pull pork - even more delicious than the chicken. I could eat this all day long.3) Pastor - decent4) Carne Asada, I wish I hadn't saved this for last. It tasted like they didn't even add any spices.As for the decor - the benches are brightly colored wooden scenes and kind of neat to see on their own.Margaritas were a little pricier than I was expecting. When you're done eating, pay at the counter near the door.Overall - a solid taco recommendation.
3	Pretty good Mexican cuisine. I'm from San Antonio, so I have a peculiar taste for Tex-Mex food. Living in Madison, there really isn't much that stands out as fantastic but this place had its pros...1.) steak milanesa was yummy2.) staff was super sweet3.) food was quick n hot4.) margaritas were good and 2 for 15.) beans weren't from a can6.) salsa was unique w/ a hint of cilantro7.) rice was okay8.) chicken enchiladas were good9.) nice tables n chairs10.) kid friendlyI would go back no question. :)
5	Fast, friendly, fresh. Try the flautas with chicken, or the gorditas with steak. The hot sauce is nice and spicy and flavorful. We get takeout from here about every other week and the food is consistently delish. Even the rice and beans are good.
3	Super good food, but I'm pretty sure they just heat it up in the back when you order.
3	Yesterday was my first opportunity to try El Jalapeno.  I ordered take out at the restaurant.  Since I am a vegetarian, I need to whine, just a tad.  The menu does not have a separate section for vegetarian dishes as many of the other Mexican restaurants do here in Madison.  See...just a tad.I ordered the Chile Relleno with rice and beans.  For vegheads wondering if there is any type of meat product in the rice and beans, the woman who took my order assured me that they do not put any animal broth/stock in the rice and they do not cook the beans in pork/lard.  I was happy to hear that.Okay, my critique of the food.  The rice wasn't bad and the beans were pretty good.  You can tell the food was cooked that day, which is something I really pay attention to.  Nothing tasted old or out of a can.  Now as for the Chile Relleno itself.  Good, but tough.  I'm not sure if they roast the poblano peppers first or not.  If they don't, they really should.  My knife and right arm were getting a work-out.  Also, there were several seeds in the pepper that should have been removed beforehand.  I nearly broke a tooth at one point.  Yeah, okay, okay, I'm over-exaggerating.  Is El Jalapeno better than other Mexican restaurants? Worse?  Hmmmm...good question.  It really does depend on your personal preference and taste I guess.  My personal preference is still El Pastor and Taqueria Guadalajara.  However, you should still try El Jalapeno if you are in the neighborhood or wanting to try something new instead of always going to Laredos.  (I have nothing against Laredos, honestly)Why only 3 stars?  This is due to a tough poblano pepper that had only a small amount of cheese in it.  Was a bit small too.  Otherwise I would have given it 4 stars.  I will come back, for sure.
4	Great Mexican food for Wisconsinites, plus some autentico features like cactus and lengua. Not haut cuisine .... Great comfort food.
4	El Jalapeno is a great upgrade from the previous establishment and I'm glad to see another very good authentic Mexican restaurant in Madison.  Prices are completely reasonable, salsa is quite tasty, and the food is right on par with Taqueria Guadalajara in my opinion.What's really surprising is that this isn't a hole in the wall once you actually walk into the place despite how the former establishment was and how the outside of complex looks.  They have some TVs, a colorful atmosphere, a good amount of seating, and very friendly staff.Their gorditas are the go-to favorite for both my wife and I, and their tacos and chimichangas are also top notch.Madison is very hit or miss with Mexican from what I've experienced (and I've tried a decent amount of places on both sides of town), so make sure to get to El Jalapeno if you're a fan of food from south of the border.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it's right on par with the best of Madison.
5	Best tacos in Madison hands down! Excellent service. Hand made carved booths from Jalisco.
4	Stopped by today for some tacos. As always the food was great and service excellent. Not sure why the vegetarian would go here?? It's for people who eat meat. Not people that eat rabbit food. Maybe find a salad bar somewhere else. Over all always solid food with great service and you can't beat the price.
4	Awesome decor!  Come at least to pick a cool chair to sit in and THEN enjoy the yummy food.  Fast, plenty and reasonably priced.  I had the chicken tacos (hard shell tortillas).  Really liked the rice, too.
1	Ate in for lunch.The good: Beer was cold, and service was fast.The bad: To start, it smelled like there was a plumbing issue in the restaurant. I ordered the "vegetable" (note, not "vegetarian") tacos lunch and was served tacos with beans, cheese, lettuce, and tomato. Was expecting roasted or sauteed vegetables, not beans. And I certainly expect onions and cilantro rather than lettuce and tomato at a taqueria. The beans were flavorless, the rice not much better. When I asked for the fountain soda that was included in the lunch special, I was given a completely flat soft drink. Finally, in my opinion, the prices are a little high, and I was not offered a receipt when I paid.Overall: Would give them a second try, but certainly wouldn't pay for it.
3	I had never been here before, but decided to check the reviews. There was quite a mix, those that rave and those not raving so much :). That made me more intrigued to try it out. Here is my take. The place was clean, service was fast and friendly, and the food was out in no time. That's a good start. Before I even placed my order I had chips and salsa in front of me. The salsa as other described was a bit watery. You might describe it as a rougher chop salsa, rather than a smooth blended salsa. At first, it tasted fine, but as I ate more there was some ingredient I just couldn't place my finger on. But whatever it was, it wasn't my favorite. The salsa became my least favorite part of my meal. I ordered the taco lunch (2 tacos, rice, beans, drink) for $7.99.  I got a chorizo taco and a steak and pork taco. You can choose between lettuce and tomato or cilantro and onion. I opted for what feels more authentic cilantro and onion. I thought the tacos were great. Authentic with two corn tortillas for each with some homemade hot sauce on the side. I would happily order both again. I also thought the beans were good and the rice was fine, but nothing spectacular. I was torn between a 3 and 4 star review. In the end, the odd ingredient flavor of the salsa pushed me to a 3 star. I mean salsa is a cornerstone of a good Mexican restaurant. I'd eat here again, but if their salsa has anything extra besides the usual ingredients, they should probably alter their recipe.
5	Hidden Gem! Great little restaurant with deliciously fresh food and fun friendly waitstaff. Go for tacos and burritos and homemade soups and then take a wAlk next door and take a browse through the Mexican Market. The margaritas were delicious as well!
4	Awesome and delicious food, and very reasonably priced. The decor on the inside is colorful and fun, great for families. My only concern is that after we were served our food, it was difficult to get the waitress's attention. We had to ask for a drink refill and was not told until waiting for quite awhile that our check had been waiting for us at the counter. Kind of a weird experience, but I guess now we know. We will be going back since the food was spot on. :)
5	Move over, Guadalajara, this place has replaced your spot in my belly/heart. First of all, this place has micheladas to die for. Que es eso? Beer with lime juice, chile powder, and salt. If you like bloody Marys and beer, give this a shot. Yumtastic. Their handmade tortillas are mad fresh n fluffy, which makes their gorditas and sopes killaaahh. Try a chorizo gordita...RIGHTNOW. The service is also friendly, though it can be a bit slow at times. Also be warned that you pay extra for a second helping of chips and salsa, though it's less than $2. Go here for dinner, and follow it up with a cocktail at Le Tigre Lounge. Evening of champions.
3	First of all I quite enjoy the decor of this place. Fun and colorful, many  depicting the harvest of the agave (for mezcal perhaps?).Second, I open up the menu to find mojarra frita, an authentic traditional dish I've had a few times in the homes of friends. For those who don't know that is a whole fish (tilapia most likely), head included, fried whole and served with tortillas. The dish was moist and with a squeeze of lime and some Valentina it was a pleasent afternoon lunch.The carne asada my wife had was moist and had pretty good flavor as well. Not amazing but respectable.On the downside, I wish the fish was served with a bit more avocado than the small sliver I got and perhaps some homemade salsa that would go with it. Also the rice and beans were just ok which is too bad as it gives those two staples of mexican cuisine a poor name (numerous restaurants are guilty of downplaying these two dishes). If done right just give me a place of beans and rice and some flour tortillas and salsa and let me go to town.Final verdict though is that the people are very friendly and the food is respectable. I will most likely swing by again soon and grab myself a torta.
4	The tacos here are tasty!  I'm glad I decided to give this place a try.  This location used to be La Guanajuatence, which had an amazing salsa bar and delicious tacos.  This new restaurant doesn't boast a salsa bar and the salsa they serve with the chips is mediocre, but the tacos are still tasty.  I ordered the carne asada taco, chorizo taco, lengua taco and a chicken tamale with onions and cilantro on everything. They brought out a smoky salsa in a squeeze tube with the tacos.  The lengua taco was delicious.  The beef tongue was tender and juicy.  The chorizo taco was full of flavor.  Chorizo can be very greasy but I felt that this was just right for me.  Everything was ordered a la carte, so no rice and no beans and that's just how I prefer it.  The only thing I was not a fan of the chicken tamale.  I found it too heavy in the masa and light on the filling. It felt dry, and I wouldn't order it again.  It's a shame because apparently the market in the same plaza makes amazing tamales on the weekends.  I haven't tried other things on the menu, and honestly, I probably never will.  Tacos are what I love and I almost never want anything else.
2	Revisited today with Matt W, and had to downgrade the review...+ Friendly staff, as usual+ Very clean inside - still quite nice- Chips are pre-made/bagged chips; no longer warm/fresh+ Salsa has improved; not as salty, and not watery (at least today)Matt & I ordered three tacos each and sampled a little of them all:- Carne Asada taco: nice sear, but fatty and lacking any flavor; very bland+ El Pastor taco: good texture, very mild flavor, not fatty at all- Campechano taco: bland asada + super oddly flavored chorizo = ick+ Fish taco: nicely grilled; very salty for some reason. I appreciated that it wasn't drowned in slaw - just fish and grilled onion- Chicken taco: great texture, no flavor, whatsoever- Lomo taco: cubed pork + onion; very greasyEven the onion and cilantro as included on the tacos was flavorless... I'm not sure what happened with the flavor profiles here, but nearly every taco was devoid of any real taste. The chorizo was the most flavorful thing, but not in a good way. We couldn't put our finger on the exact ingredient, but I'd swear it was clove and/or nutmeg...It was inexpensive and our server was really wonderful, but if it's good tacos you're looking for, time to look elsewhere. A little salt/seasoning on the majority of the meats would do wonders... and sear them more!I'd say this is probably a 2.5-star experience, overall...
