4	I happened to stumble upon this location quite by accident.  This location is actually in the Pineville BJ's.  I was looking to get my tires rotated and I discovered Monro sharing space with the tire center.  I was in need of some brake work and they were able to help me out. Robin and her team are very polite and thorough and were able to help me split up the work into smaller jobs so that I could pay over time.  I will definitely use their services again in the future.
4	I had been delaying, and pretty much procrastinating on getting my oil changed. I had originally planned on going to a different business, but they were very busy on the weekend and couldn't see me till the afternoon.I had searched online for oil change coupons, and found Monro Muffler. They had a deal for a $19.99 (+shop fees) Oil Change/Filter/Tire Rotation. This was a great deal, because some shops want $15-$21 for just a tire rotation. Overall I was in and out in fairly decent time for not making an appointment (you can schedule one online), and only paid around $27.00 when I was all done. The service was friendly and informative, and the didn't try and sell me something I don't need. I will be back!For coupons:http://www.monro.com/promotions-coupons
4	If they are not running their promo, sign up for vip card for a discount.Hubby made an appointment in the AM on a Thursday for the same day.  An hour later I was in before my appointment time for a oil change and tire rotation.  We are regulars here (so we were on file) and when I walked in, their promotional price was already applied to the order. Yay!  25 minutes later, key in hand, I was outta there.We like this place because they are efficient and not pushy.  They recommended I replace the windshield wipers, gave the estimated price up front, and did not pressure to buy. The special they were running was 19.99 plus fees.  I paid 47 because hubby uses higher grade oil.  (Did not buy the wipers.)This place is within BJ's, but has a separate entrance.  You don't have to be a BJ's member to use.
5	As a female that knows very little about cars the people at monro were an absolute help. I went in for a routine oil change and the mechanic also notice that my brakes we're grinding pretty badly. The technician took me out to the Bay Area and showed me what was wrong and what I needed done. They quoted me a fair price on the brakes and oil change. The manager negotiated a fair price for me so that I was able to get the work that I needed done on my car. I will defiantly return for all my car care needs
