1	This place is a joke. A plastic surgeon that values his practice would never rent a room in a beauty salon just to peddle junk services. I bought a groupon but couldnt get an appt for 2 months out. Then the appts i had set 2 months prior were cancelled a week before because their machine (yes one) broke down. When i finally got an appt I was nothing but dissapointed. Their "center" is a small room in the back of beauty salon and  the machine was so outdated it gave no results and nothing but discomfort. Then they canceled another appointment last minute because the facility had plumbing issues and no running water. I mean really!!! I would give this place negative stars if I could. Real waste of money.
1	Do not go to see Dr. Rim Marcinkus. Located inside the back of Euphoria salon by the LVAC gym. Went In there for a 20 unit Botox from groupon. Dr told me I needed more, so I bought more. He really went deep with the needles and was painful!! Been having Botox done many times and never had it feel that painful! I got headaches and dizziness after. I don't think he gave me Botox at all because It didn't do a thing to my wrinkles. Also, I never got headaches or dizziness before ever following a Botox treatment. I know I got ripped off!!! They ended up charging me $450 more on top of the $139 from the groupon special. They better refund my card back or I will seek a lawyer against their practice for ripping people off for more money with no results at all either. They are a SCAM!! I looked him up on google too. Turns out he has lots of problems with clients in his past!! Don't be a victim of him like I was!!!!!
4	I went in for a procedure and had a great time!  I was greeted by an extremely nice woman that assisted me with my forms. She answered all of my questions and made me feel very comfortable since this was my first time. The doctor greeted me and explained everything until I understood what I was doing. Overall the entire appointment lasted no longer than 20 minutes, and I am extremely happy with my results! I've referred 2 friends already and both are also extremely satisfied. All 3 of us will be back!
1	Cheap rates? YesPoor service? YES!This doctor works from behind a spa and beauty salon, in the massage rooms. He NEVER washes his hands nor use gloves when handling patients for treatment. Seriously? Even poking people with a small needle when injecting botox or other filler can cause bleeding!He NEVER opens the product, he's injecting into you, in front of you so you can see that what you're getting is in fact what you're paying for AND in the quantity you paid for.  He can virtually claim it's a name brand product, yet be an inferior one or just water saline (which basically will have no results after you leave). He can claim it is 20 units of Botox, yet be greatly diluting it by mixing very little, if any actual Botox. This is probably the reason why so many of his patients complain about not seeing any results (like me).  Very sketchy practice. He tries to upsell you, which is fine, but the major concern is that he's not really allowing patients to see him open the product you purchased, nor does he prepare it in front of you, or allows you to see that he's using a fresh new needle. He prepares everything in a separate and back room away from the patient's view.  Avoid!
1	Unfortunately I have to agree with all the negative reviews that have already been posted. It was my first time getting ANYTHING injected in my face. I was assured that if I purchased the full syringe of Restylane I would most definitely see the fullness in my lips. The first day I was extremely happy, my lips were exactly the way I wanted them. Second day there was a bit of swelling but I was aware that was going to happen. Third day, I woke up, looked in the mirror and my lips were gone! Like nothing had ever been done. Of course, I decided to call them and let them know that I was unhappy with the fact that I just spent $300? and on day 3 you couldn't even tell the difference. 3 people asked me that day "didn't you get your lips done? Cause I can't tell at all. They look exactly the same as they did before you got them done!" When I called the  girl I spoke to said exactly this: "sorry you're unhappy with the results but we don't give the money back!" No concern, and no offer to make anything right! Well at this point I'm pissed and I wish I read the reviews on here before I chose this doctor. I'm going to call one more time and request that they make it right or I will be reporting this doctor and his practice to the BBB. Please don't go here, and don't waste your money. I believe it's worth paying a little bit more elsewhere to get the results you want.
1	To quote Darth Vadar-- "NOOOOOOOOOOOOO"   Like the many other reviewers on here, I bought a Groupon..I had to wait 2 months to set up an appointment, then when I went in for the procedure I was told the doctor was in another country at a funeral.  I forgot to mention I had called the day before and was told everything was good to go.. I wasted an entire day. Finally a month later he showed up, but I had to wait 2 hours in the waiting with a half dozen other women.. Like everyone else on here I noticed he didn't open anything in front of me, he upsold me, and stabbed the crap out of me..This wasn't my first rodeo. It isn't suppose to hurt and draw blood. Without ANY results to show for it. Money down the drainThis guy is a crook. I would rather Luke Skywalker slice off my arm with a lightsaber then ever go back to this hack job.
