3	I can agree with my fellow yelper.. they are sometimes very slow, not only at the pharm. but at the regular check out.believe it or not I like Wal-Green for their selection on Toothpaste.They are a bit pricey to, thier sale prices are what average cost is. I only buy sale items from wal-gThey will also refill your ink cartrigdes for cheap, I've done that a few times already.
3	I mainly came here for their photo service. They are a little slow to register what you are asking of them but once they come around, they have what you are looking for.
3	It a nice place for pharmacy besides that please dont buy their earphones the 5 dollar ones suck just to let u know and save somo extra cash.
4	This is my go-to Walgreens when I don't have time to go to Ulta/Sephora/the Base and I need makeup or perhaps a card and I don't have to time to go to Hallmkark. Maybe I need some pictures printed for some reason or another - I come here. Actually, I do the picture print order online and then just pick up the pictures, which I must admit is a really great service, except for that one time they put a sticker on one of my pictures. But they rectified the situation quickly.The only thing I do not like about this Walgreens is the characters that stand around and ask you for money outside the store. Believe me, pretty much every time I come here I get hit up for money. Sigh. But that's the pitfalls of living where I live. For its location the store is still decently clean and organized. I don't feel like it's not being taken care of and I've never run into a surly, unhappy employee. For the most part I've always been helped and greeted and taken care of just fine.I've also been immunized here and, of course, I've picked up prescriptions here as well. The wait times can be a bit long, but that's going to happen anywhere I'm convinced.Overall it's a Walgreens and it does its job well.
3	This time of year my allergies start to kick in.  I don't know if it's because of the extreme change of temperature.  You know, walking into an air-conditioned place from 110 degree weather.  Whatever the case may be, I needed to pick up some over the counter medication to combat my allergies.  So, here is my simple and quick experience to this Walgreens.I had a Walgreens gift card, which was given to me on Christmas.  So, why not use it?  I got a bottle of Antihistamine and some Vaporub.  *Side note: Vaporub is awesome! Cleared up my sinuses and helped relieve my chest.Anywho! I don't think I said one word to anyone while I found my items.  Checked out at the counter and nodded to the woman at the register, after she asked me if I found everything alright.  So, in and out, back home... rubbed on Vaprub, took pills and went to bed.  Good Stuff!
5	I am writing this review for the pharmacy . I have been getting my prescriptions here for a while now and have always had a pleasant experience in addition to cheap prices. On top of the it is open 24 hours and they can email, call, or text you when your prescription is ready. When I went to pick up my birth control the woman helping me gave me a lot of information and helpful tips about taking it and regulating my cycle . It was very much appreciated because not many people go out of their way to inform young women of the importance of birth control :)
1	This is for the pharmacy only. I have NEVER had my prescription filled within the amount of time quoted. We are talking waiting 2-4 hours for one medication. They have even told me on two occasions that they were out of stock of my medication but that it would be in the next day only to have it take an additional five days. Whenever I have called the pharmacy I have waited on hold forever only to get an incredibly rude person on the line who doesn't know anything or just hangs up.  If you are going here for anything other than a prescription you will be fine. They have a great selection but you'd be better off going anywhere else for a rx.
