5	Could Broughton Street possibly get any better? It turns out, it can, with the newly opened Coco on Broughton.Coco's have their original store in Bruntsfield, aptly named 'Coco of Bruntsfield'. Luckily(ish) it's not somewhere I normally pass on a day-to-day basis and if I ever wanted any Coco chocolate (which I often do) I'd have to take a wee trip across the Meadows. You can read my original review of if here: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/coco-of-bruntsfield-edinburgh#hrid:FiGXKNZdHkHlcZ1cSi6zcQBut after wandering out of Artisan Roast one sunny Sunday, chance would have it I looked right, down the hill, instead of back up and spied the Coco sign which I know too well. "Weneedtogotherenow!!!!" I said (perhaps that had something to do with the 2 cups of Artisan coffee.)It turns out it had opened that very day. Much like it's Bruntsfield counterpart, it's quite snug inside although perhaps has a little more floor space. There is a small bench that you can sit / perch at for a tea, coffee or one of their flagship hot chocolates (made with real, crushed chocolate).All their usual produce is there. And if you don't know what I mean by usual produce, or can't hear the sarcasm in my pixels when I type 'usual', I actually mean all that is holy, good, right, sumptuous, decadent, delicious, and quite frankly orgasmic in the world of chocolate. Coco make their own chocolate and it's really exceptional. I tried a little taster of their dark chocolate summer special: lemon and thyme. Forget the overly sweetened lemon that is normally mixed with white chocolate for a sickly sweet lemony hit. This was dark, brooding, lingering on the tongue and whilst I couldn't actually taste thyme per se, the addition of it definitely helped mellow out the tanginess of the lemon without the need for additional sweetness. Wow.I managed to resist buying anything, but if I ever want a chocolate treat such as lavendar and milk hot chocolate I now know that Coco's isn't too far away from some of my regular haunts. So happy to see this great store with amazing produce opening on one of my favourite streets in the city.
5	I love good chocolate, and Coco makes some great chocolate!I came in here after my coffee adventure just two doors down, and when I was told that the hot chocolate they make (which sounded fantastic) came from here, I had to check it out.The store is small, but everything inside looked amazing. I really just wanted to buy as much as possible. However, I restrained myself to dark chocolate almonds (because nuts and chocolate are the best combination), chocolate chili discs (because chocolate and chili are the second best combination), and a package of cardamom and cinnamon hot chocolate mix (because I'm addicted to anything with cardamom).I haven't tried the discs or the hot chocolate, but if they are anywhere close to the perfection the almonds were, I'm not worried at all. And if it is perfection, it turns out they do mail order, so I know I can still have access even if I live hundreds of miles away.
