4	When I walked into the pub, my friend called out to his friend "Hey Alice (or insert here appropriate name)!" and all the locals pretty much just looked like they'd tolerate him. But barely. I mean, he's a funky looking kid with long hair and a rucksack. But they've seen him enough times to tolerate him. So, that's the kind of attitude you'll get from people in the Stockbridge Tap. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. I mean, I always tend to look down my nose at people who've decided to make their way into my regular pub. And be loud and obtrusive. I mean, they're drinking my ale. Sitting on my seats. Etc. And their choice of beer more than makes up for the initially intimidating atmosphere. It's a matter of holding your ground, you see. The regulars are just testing you. So grab a good pint of ale and seat yourself for the long run.
3	The Stockbridge Tap is clearly a bit of a popular institution with Stockbridge locals, and it's been around for a while to prove its worth. The Stockbridge area has become, or probably always was, a really effervescent and hip area to go for a drink, although I think more people are body swerving some of the over frequented bars in the centre of town, to come ten minutes down the road to Stockbridge for a more individual experience.The Stockbridge Tap sits at the more traditional end of the bars and pubs in Stockbridge, with its wooden barrels, classic wooden decor in general, and the no frills, straightforward drinking feel. This is a decent place to have a chilled drink and a chat, and it has a huge whisky menu, which is great for cold nights, when you need some traditional banter and that warm, fuzzy feeling (otherwise known as the onset of tipsiness). I like my traditional pubs slightly cosier than The Tap, as I don't feel quite as comfortable as I would like in here, but I would still recommend stopping here for a beverage if you're doing the rounds in Stockbridge.
2	Plenty of real ale on tap and being in Stockbridge are the 2 things going for Stocky Tap. On their own, big positives. On the downside, service can be a little snooty and there is definitely a preference shown to locals when queueing for drinks...or at least that's what I've experienced...too many times now not to comment. Lift your service Stocky Tap.
4	I've been won over by this bar principally because of their dog friendly policy.  The bar staff are friendly and welcoming and I can't say I recognise the snooty locals described above.  The staff even remembered my dog's name!!Good beer and decent food;  what more can you want?
4	I have been here a few times now and I have always been very happy with the drinks and the quality of service.As well as having a few local Stewart Brewing beers on tap there is always a good selection of other craft beers/ciders from across the UK every time I have been in. The staff are very knowledgeable and always make good recommendations depending on what I or my friends have been after.It's a cosy atmosphere in the place, lots of locals (who come from many different countries I should add) who appreciate good drinks. I haven't tried the food yet, but it looks good.if you are after good craft beers, this is a place for you. If you want the usual drinks you'll get everywhere else, this place is not for you.
3	Good beer, mixed serviceOk, so I do enjoy drinking here, its probably my favourite bar in Stockbridge, but I live in Newington so I don't go out over this end of town much. They have a good range of alternating beer. It's a cosy enough place, and you can watch the sports, or sit by the window and watch the world go by.I think the service is mixed here, on my last visit it was pretty rubbish. The bar tender grunted mostly and got restless when we took our time to order, nobody else was waiting to get served. The Rugby was on and they all seemed more interested in that or chatting to each other. Saying that, I have been there at times when the service has been great, but normally when it is dead - the place just seems a bit too drab and lifeless.They do occasional tap takeovers which are the best things a beer lover can attend - unless it is on a school night, in which case they are quite risky.They also do food, but I have never eaten there.
4	Watch out for the broken sofa in the back - there's a reason why it's the only seat left available. Sofa aside, I'm a big fan of the Tap. Great place to try a variety of beers (many local), and their whisky list is user-friendly. I've found the staff to be quite welcoming and happy to help with your decision-making if you're stumped for what to order. The kitchen seems to be closed frequently and on a schedule that I am unable to predict, so I have not yet tried the food here.
3	Visited this bar last night, nice wee bar with a cosy feel good selection of ales and beers and like previous yelpers have said a great whiskey selection prices where ok verging on the pricey but if you are near the place I would recommend stopping by. Never had time to try the food but the smell from other peoples food certainly made me hungry!!
