3	Convenient location, large selection, and ample parking make this my favorite anti-Luddite shopping spot!The store layout seems cramped, but intuitive with customer services immediately available as you enter either the mall or outdoor entrance.  Being connected to the call has its advantages as well, making the location a one-stop shopping experience for the weekend go-getters.
1	I've been to some Best Buys that I think are getting better and better with higher-quality merchandise, more selection, and more of the things that I'm actually looking for.  But then I find a lot of Best Buys that are just totally worthless.  This is a worthless one.I came here with a list of things to buy, but I left with nothing.  Actually, they had one of the things I wanted, but it wasn't worth the 30 minute wait in the checkout-line to buy just that one thing since I could get it anywhere (like Wal-Mart or Target) and still had to go someplace else to get the other things I still needed.  The people around to help me were completely uninformed and had no understanding of their merchandise or what people use it for.  Next time I need computer or AV equipment I'll just not bother coming back to this location.
2	Pretty convenient that this Best Buy is located at Concord Mills.  There is an entrance to the mall and it's own "regular" entrance if you are just going in to grab something pretty quickly.The plus of the location is also a minus.  Traffic around Concord Mills always amazes me because people can't read that the main entrance has the right of way and you don't have to put the brakes on when turning left or right!  If you survive the entrance, the turn into the Best Buy Parking lot is awkward.  The parking rows are angled so it may look "pretty" from the air, but totally worthless when you are actually driving around so people cut across parking rows until you get closer to the build.  Recipe for Mad Max disaster is what I call that.  There have been plenty of close calls when I am driving within the lines and someone comes out of nowhere.... and looks at me like I am the idiot.Yes, gadgets and electronics are amazing, but totally not worth road rage or stress that this parking lot gives me.
4	Yes, this location requires your patience card just to find a parking spot.  However, on a weeknight, it's not so bad.  We arrived pretty late so parking was not a problem.  The store was not crowded but I could tell from the check-out setup that it would be a different story on the weekends.  We were able to get in and browse the merchandise.  Of course, by this time, the product I wanted was completely out of stock.  However, we were able to purchase another item that made the trip worthwhile.
4	If you live in or near the university area this is the Best Buy to go to.  This is the one stop shop for all of my electronic needs and with their reward program it does bring my customer loyality.  Never had any bad experiences and never had an item that was out of stock.  Only tip I would give is go through Mallard Creek Rd / Ordell School Rd to get to Concord Mills.  You are almost certain to get there in a reasonable amount of time instead of the dreadful Concord Mills exit on 85.
4	This Best Buy replaced the old best buy on Tryon Street.  It is a lot bigger and better with hundreds of TVs.
2	If you're in the area and need a Best Buy you're better off going to Northlake or Afton Village.  The mall traffic makes it very hard to get in and out within a reasonable timeframe and the store is missing a lot of normal merchandise a full sized store would have.Being attached to a mall you're really only going to find help in the cell phone or TV sections, if you've been a regular you've seen that Best Buy is following the Radioshack model of slowly getting rid of everything but high margin items such as phones and letting in reps for Dish to harass customers.  The last time I was in the store I was looking for a PS3, I could order online but if I'm spending a few hundred I want to see a box and get a feel for it first. I couldn't find anything on the floor and no one around to help so I ended up leaving without buying anything.  I've also gone while I was at the mall to get a usb hub or other small items and left without finding what I wanted and no one around to ask.  If you know where and what you want or buying a phone this is your place, if not avoid it and go to a better store.  Firefold is practically next door and has better prices on cables.
3	For all your electronic needs, if you can find it in this vast store. The staff is fairly friendly and if you get the correct one they are helpful.
3	Just like any other best buy these days. Absolutely no help at all. Everyone is hiding in the back.
3	Concord Mills constantly amazes me, and not just because it's the #1 tourist destination in NC, but because there are so dang many people there all the time (which I guess does contribute to that fact). It's like every time I go there, they have added another lane to some road or another. I guess those people have to get in (or out) somehow.Anyway, if I were going to visit Best Buy most times, I probably would not go to Best Buy at Concord Mills. But I happened to be there for some other reason, so we popped over, and you know what? It wasn't too bad. At least I wasn't seeing those ladies who have decided to wait 22 days to get a TV for $200.The staff her is oddly hands-off, even more so than most Best Buy places, but that's a good thing - I don't like them to get too much into my face as I'm looking for stuff I can't afford. At least they give you a pretty convenient entrance to get in and out without having to mess with the rest of the mall traffic all that much.
1	Lying and incompetent customer service department. They lied to me about clear and simple store policies, wasn't even worth getting the manager involved. I just go down to best buy on exit 54 instead.
