4	You know. I really like this store. It's always full of cute clothes - super fashionable and the prices are extremely affordable! Almost along the lines of what you'd spend at forever 21 or H&M. I really like how the whole store is color coordinated...I can't begin to tell you HOW HELPFUL it is to find whatever im looking for.
5	While it's not as big as the huge Forever21 at Fashion Show, the styles and prices at Rhapsodielle are totally comparable. Everything is completely on-trend. I found the cutest faux fur leopard print jacket for a mere $32 here. Plus, they organize the store by color, so that really helps to make things easy for you while you are shopping. Rhapsodielle is my new favorite go-to fashion place in Las Vegas. There's another location in Centennial Hills. Its sister store is Xi Style and there's one of those at Galleria at Sunset.
4	This place is located right around the corner from my in-laws' house, so whenever we're in town, I always hit it up! Although I feel that they don't have as much cute stuff as H&M and Forever 21 (maybe because this store is a lot smaller),  you can definitely find some things! You just gotta know how to shop! Most items are even cheaper than Forever and H&M, which is always nice.  I love the location because there's always parking, and it's the only store close by that I can go to (besides Ross) if I'm in a rush for an outfit.  Sadly, most of the staff are a-holes, but on my most recent visit, the cashier guy was super nice.  Anyhow, Rhapsodielle has totally saved the day for me, and my wallet too!
5	i think the best location is on centennial parkway rather than the one on boca park coz its way bigger & cleaner. overall i really like this place, much affordable that 4ever 21 believe it or not. u guys should check it out. less crowds too than 4ever 21.
5	this is my absolute favorite place to shop. it's totally affordable and the styles are trendy and cute. comparable to forever 21, but i find rhapsodielle to be much more colorful! also there are a lot of affordable pieces here that are less casual, like stuff you could wear to a party or a club. love it!
4	There's nowhere else I'd rather go when I'm in the mood to buy cute dresses, but don't want to drive all the way to the mall to do so. The clothes at Rhapsodielle are similar to the clothes you would find at Forever 21 but w/ a little more attitude. While the prices are a little cheaper than Forever 21, the clothes and accessories selection is smaller; however, Rhapsodielle does have a larger shoe selection. I do appreciate how the clothes are organized by color, so when I'm in rare mood for pink I can go straight to the pink section, and when I'm in the mood for black I can go peruse the black section of the store. Whenever I come here, I always manage to find some really cute finds in the right size. The store itself is interesting. Compared to Forever 21, the store isn't as bright and not as clean. Their fitting rooms are a hit or miss. When there are a lot of shoppers, it can take a while to try clothes on. The sales rack isn't so great. I mean the sale prices are unbelievable, but the sale selection is not. Also, minus one for the no return policy (only exchanges). Luckily, I haven't had to exchange anything so far. The hardest part about shopping here is stopping myself from buying everything I want. Good thing I don't shop here often or else...
4	Looking for cute clothes at reasonable prices? Look no further. Rhapsodielle, which is sister store to Fashion Q in the Galleria Mall, is a great place to find what you're looking for. From casual to dressy, they seem to have all the bases covered. My sister and I dress completely differently: her in a more trendy and preppy sort of style and me with a little bit of an off-beat and eclectic taste, and we both find clothes we love here! One of the last times we went together I bought a black top on clearance for $3 and she bought a pea-coat for $15. My only problem when coming here is that I usually spend more than I should ;)
3	I have mixed feelings about this place only because some of the clothes are made for the "average" body type and have very little flexibility for anything otherwise.  And I don't have the average body type.  I cannot fit strapless tiny dresses or narrow shouldered peacoats.  But, then again, isn't this the problem with a lot of clothes-type chain stores?  Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of other options for the bustier girls.  Plenty of stretchy clothes and sizes go to a size 10 or 12, I believe.  Clothes are separated by color which is most convenient.  Prices are reasonable, nothing over about $30.  Coats that look classy and expensive are $20 or so.  Some clothes are not my style but the diversity of the store's inventory has treasures for everyone.  The jewelry that is sold is cheap-looking, in my opinion, but you get what you pay for in this case.  The dressing room is basic: there aren't seats inside each room.  If I recall, very few or no hooks to hang your clothes.  But the atmosphere is fun; all girls trying on cute clothes.  You feel a sense of "sorority" when shopping with friends and the other girls in the store.  The service is nice.  I was shopping with my sister and she needed a dress in a size small.  The only one we could find was on a mannequin in the window and the employees, although not completely happily, were available to take the dress off the mannequin and give it to us.  Returns are not accepted, but exchanges and store credit are given.  That's a tad inconvenient.  I continue to shop at this place for the great prices and the cool, random finds in the store that match my style.
4	Love the prices and styles but they need to make bigger sizes. Or maybe i gotta hit the treadmill more.
5	Rhapsodielle is my favorite clothing store in Las Vegas thus far.The selection is very good, and the styles are very up-to-date.  Prices are VERY REASONABLE.  I buy party dresses from there, and most of them are $25 or less depending.  The cashiers are usually nice and friendly.  A bonus: They sell shoes, jewelry, bags and accessories so it's basically a one stop shop.A few downsides for me is I'll find something cute, try it on, need a bigger size, then can't find or remember where I got it from.  Associates have a hard time finding the same item as well, but will eventually find it.  Also, the shorts only go up to size Large.  I did not fit any of them.  Different brands/styles fit differently, but still none of them fit and they don't carry XL.  Overall I would recommend this store to any one!!
4	this is my quick shop stop! i love this place. prices are reasonable for the quality of clothing. i usually can buy a thing or two with every visit. lots of party dresses and casual pieces. and for me, the shoes are very cheap in quality but if you're lucky you'll find cute ones that'll last ya for good while. i recommend this store to any one!
5	My first real trip to Vegas and my girlfriend took me and another girlfriend and we did not want to leave. They have quality clothing at an unbelievable price. I will go back to Vegas just to shop at Rhapsodielle again.
4	OMG! I was in this store four 3 frecken hours shopping with my girl! Shopping for outfits for her friend and her! WoW thank cashier guy for keeping me company time to time!!! Hahaa!
5	I have lived in the Henderson area  for a little over a year now. I do not drive, so the area is always new to me. My sister moved here in May and is able to take me around. She told me about Rhapsodielle  a few weeks ago. " It is THE STORE we have to go there!!" So i am like " yeah right okay." I walked into the store and  was in love. Everything is sectioned off by color of clothing. I saw purple first and that's my favorite color.  Mind you, I got excited before I saw prices. I saw the great, affordable prices and lost my mind.  I said to myself " I will get one thing." I walked out with a $14  black and gold long shirt that i can wear with leggings, a dress for $18 dollars and a pair of ear rings!  I cannot wait to go back. They have shoes, the  people at the counter were nice. I was asked only a few times  if I'd like help. When I said I was fine they left me alone. The place was clean. The dressing rooms were spacious and I was able to get in and out quickly.  The music was contemporary and fun inside as well.   If you want something cute to wear out.. I'd say go here. In fact. I am going again on Friday when I get paid!
3	You know that saying, you get what you pay for? Totally applies to Rhapsodille. It's jam-packed with trendy club wear, perfect for ladies that want something new to wear out on the town but still want to be able to afford those pricey Vegas drinks! I usually stop into Rhapsodille when I am looking for something really specific to wear with an item I already have, and I don't want to spend more then $20-30 bucks. The good: The store is organized by color, so if you need a red top you aren't going to have to search through a bunch of blue stuffThings are very inexpensive, I can't remember seeing anything in the store priced over $30They have a large selection of somewhat uncomfortable but still cute heels, priced around $20-25. The bad: Many of the clothes are of poor quality... Thin material, weak seams... To me a lot of the clothes seemed like 'wear once and toss' type items.Don't expect good customer service. On my last visit, I stood in the shoe area for 15 minutes before giving up, and this was on a weekday. (I ended up buying 3 pairs of shoes later that day from Charlotte Russe)Buy carefully, they do not do refunds, only exchanges. If you need something to wear out one night and you are on a tight budget, you may find Rhapsodille right up your alley. If you want to buy a new little black dress for repeated wear, you are better off looking elsewhere.
4	I've been coming here for about a year and a half now, and I have to say I'm a big fan!  Not for the club wear...but I like their tops, black pants, shorts, shirts and lounge wear.  The first few times you go in, don't expect any super spectacular service from the staff...but once they see you come in a few times and they get to know you, they'll be your new shopping buds.  I never come out of Rhapsodielle empty handed.
4	I love this shop! A small and cute little boutique that resides in one of the plaza's off of Eastern. I can't always afford highly branded names, and sometimes I think it's such an effort to have to go to the mall. Thankfully, this place has it all! Trendy clothing, awesome selection of boots, sandals, and club shoes, as well as a variety of accessories. I think even during Halloween they promoted these really cute masquerade masks as well.Everything you'll see in this store is organized by color, which makes things organized and efficient. It's very easy to navigate through their shop because we all usually start with color when it comes to preference. Everything there is trendy and affordable. Prices on tops can range from $4 and up (yes! $4 and up!) and jeans can run from $10 and up (yes! $10 and up!). Only downside is that they don't do returns and only do exchanges and store credit. Also, OBVIOUSLY if things are too affordable to be true then there must be a catch. The clothing is of poor quality so you must be careful when washing or wearing your outfils. The threading starts to come off fairly quickly. Especially after a few washes, and some of the material are subjected to shrink after washing. So if you REALLY know what your doing, you'll find a nice snag worth buying.
4	If you're anything like me, shopping just makes you happy. Then, the post-spree bank account check makes you sad. Rhapsodielle helps with both.The clothes are ultra cheap, so you can walk out having spent the same amount as you would have at a department store, but with 3 times the stuff. Who doesn't love that? The vast majority of the clothes are verrry trendy, but they have awesome basic items. Since I find a lot of the trendy stuff lately to be very weird/not wearable, I shop for my staple clothes here. Every time I go in, there's a sale rack in the middle of the store with tank tops (black, white & gray): 3 for $10. Love. I also buy pants for work here. There's an endless selection of black pants. One can never have too many pairs of black pants. I also buy my plain t-shirts here. Some of them are super soft and not skin-tight, which is a plus.Shopper beware: no returns and the exchange period is superfast. Also, everything (except jeans) is sized S/M/L (pants included!). I can't remember ever seeing an XS or an XL. However, a medium can mean quite a few different sizes, depending on the brand, so don't get discouraged! And remember: the clothes are not the best quality, but I've never had anything fall apart. Frankly, when I pay $15 for a pair of dress pants, I'm not expecting them to last forever. When they do go south, $15 for a new pair isn't the worst thing in the world!
2	Is anyone else falling victim to the endemic "bitchy girl behind the counter" syndrome? Every time I shop here, I promise myself NEVER AGAIN. And every time I return here, I am reminded why. Only want to pay $20 for a shirt/dress/blazer? Then this is your spot. Only want to wear it once before it falls apart? You guessed it, then this is your place. Cheap and affordable clothes, but VERY poor quality. I don't know what's worse: the quality of the clothes or the quality of the customer service. The lack of a return policy is frustrating also. If you want to return something, you may only get store credit towards other poorly made garments. So alas, I am here with $30 in store credit. I will redeem it eventually, but I will not let myself return to this store. I'd rather brave the mall and head to Forever 21, which has a bit higher quality and more of a selection.
5	OMG! This place is AWESOME! The clothes are super cute and SUPER cheap! The store is big and has alot of variety.  It is also color coordinated.  Great experience!
2	Horrible store! I don't understand why this store has such high reviews. The customer service (HAH) is one of the worst I've seen in a retail store. No one welcomes you as you walk in, no one offers to help you out no matter how lost you look, and when they do help you they don't even seem to be really paying attention to your needs. It literally took me half an hour to get a size on a pair of shoes that I was interested in buying. The clothes are cheaply made and wont last you in the long run but this is a "you get what you pay for" type of store. But I gave them two stars because the selection and layout of the store is nice. Jewelry is overpriced but the shoes are good.
2	The only good thing about this location is the cute cheap clothing.The customer service here is one of the worst that I've had ever. The employees are not friendly at all. I wanted to buy shoes and there were several employees standing by the cashier just talking to each other. I waited for a bit, thinking that they would approach me, but when they didn't I took it upon myself to do so. I didn't think much of it at first, but after approaching them, and of course saying, "Excuse me," first, I was met with some very unfriendly looks as they got my shoe size from the back. The rude service continued with the cashier, who didn't even smile once during check out.Overall, there are several other locations in the valley where the customer service is way better. I only come back to this one because it's closest to my house.
3	Finally a place that I can buy my teenagers clothes at that is not overpriced! We have to be a little selective, as there are some things in there that may be a little risque, but all in all it's a great idea. Don't expect anything you buy to last very long. Everything is arranged by color, but it's still hard to find things.
4	This was the first store I went shopping here in Vegas ever since I am a customer love the dresses, shoes, beautiful necklaces n accessories Every time I go friendly staff and always clean
5	More affordable and just as fashionable than Forever21, not too busy during weekday which make shopping a breeze, friendly staff
3	My stars go straight to the clothes LOL.  I agree that a lot of the garments don't last very long, but this seems to depend on the material you go with because I have a pair of pants and a couple of different shirts that are holding up great and I got them this past fall.  I picked up a cardigan sweater and cute open toe shoes for work recently which I was satisfied with the purchase.  One of the guys working there was nice, but the girl that rang me up I'm almost certain she WWE'd my bag (meaning she body slammed it onto the counter after I finished paying)  lol, but it is what it is I still like to grab a few items here and there on an as needed basis.
2	Never knew this was by the Eastern gym. Stopped in after the gym just to browse. This place is smaller than most rhapsodielle stores. I don't know if it was just the day I went but there was hardly any merchandise. It wasn't very clean and organized. You can find really cheap clothes at Rhapsodielle but beware you do get what you pay for. The quality isn't as good but I have had clothes last forever from here. They do have a lot of cute stuff. If i just need a quick outfit I run down to rhapsodielle.
5	Really like this store . Non name brand but really cute designed clothing at a great price
2	You know that feeling when you need an off-the-shoulder lacy tank top in 5 different colors? Yeah, me neither. But that's what you'll find here. This store is color coordinated. So if you know a certain color doesn't fit your complexion, you can completely skip that section. For me, I don't even go near anything beige. Anyway, like I was saying everything is color coordinated. You can find the same top in 5 different colors. The majority of their clothes are clubby and just too flashy for my taste. Like everyone said in their reviews, you get what you pay for. The reason you pay $14 for dress pants is because they use cheap material that'll make you sweaty and the seams will start unthreading. Their jewelry, also dirt cheap since they tarnish with only one usage. Don't get me wrong, I've found a few pieces here and there. My recent find was a pink flowery scarf for $6 and a linen blazer that was on clearance for $3. The girls here are super "don't talk to me" and if you do, they look like the type of girls that will talk smack about you once you turn around. Their return policy, oh wait, no returns. Exchange or store credit with receipt within 7 days. I'll drop in if I need to find something last minute, but I don't expect to have a closet worth of their stuff any time soon.
1	love love love the clothing.....great prices, fashionable clothing, great styles!  however they have horrible customer service & are completely prejudice! if your not latino they don't like and are very rude! they only talk to people they believe has money! i walked in ready to spend $300 one day and walked out only spending $60.00 because the girls are such bitches! i would never go back to that store, id rather spend my money elsewhere, with exceptional customer service!courtneyp.s. once i find the corporate manager or owner ill give them suggestions on some people i know around the las vegas area that would absolutely turn that store into a customer orientated store & sales would sky rocket!
3	I believe the quality of the clothing is poor because its the defective clothing that didnt make it to the major stores. Some of the stuff is really minor though, you wouldnt be able to tell. One time i bought a pair of jeans and one of the legs was a bit twisted to the side. very uncomfortable when walking! other than that why spend so much money when styles are changing soo often.
2	This chain is similar to a Forever 21. Mixed feelings about it: boutique feels a lot  more upscale than the low-budget price tags, but quality is lacking. Trendy styles don't make for long-term wear anyway, so I guess it evens out.But this location is sorely lacking in the service department. The fact that I encountered three different associates and was never once greeted or asked if I needed any help is ridiculous. Signage informs you that refunds are not given, but store credit is.Also, I dislike how the shoes are set up on display: you have to ask to try on  pair in your size, to be pulled from the back. Who does this any more? There was a staff member present in that department, but she never once spoke to me. I'll take my business elsewhere.
1	DO NOT SHOP HERE! The clothes are darling & the prices are too good to be true.  And it was true - the store is a terrible rip off. First off no one will help you. I asked for help from 2 salespeople & they said no and walked away. When I went to pay, I discovered they cheat you by wringing up higher prices. I checked my receipt before I left. They had a sign that said all leggings $8. But they ring you upFor $9.00. When I pointed this out, the manager, Josefina actually asked me if I wanted the $1 back on each pair I bought. If I had known I was donating to charity, I might not have cared. But I wasn't in the mood to give $1 away which she then threw the bills at me. I had to ask 5 times for the leggings back. I guess only paying $8 for them meant they got to keep them. They overcharged me on a pair of jeans - sign said $20 - they charged $27. I asked to return them & Josefina refused to make the refund and said exchange receipt only. Like I would ever go back into this horrible consumer rip off store!!! I grabbed  a jacket for $20 & exchanged & since I am never returning, I donated the store $7. They must be really hard up to make money if they have to steal from their customers. I so wish I did not have to give them 1 star as they don't deserve it. The only good thing in the store was Jared who worked behind the counter & was as nice as he could be considering all Josefina did was yell at him. NO MATTER HOW CUTE THE CLOTHES ARE IN THE WINDOW - DO NOT SHOP HERE UNLESS YOU ENJOY BEING OVERCHARGED AND INSULTED. I  to tell Josefina to stop yelling at me as she was rude). Hell she made $7 off me that she probably put in her pocket.  I THINK YOU WILL GET BETTER SERVICE IN THE 99 CENT STORE. SAVE YOURSELF JARED - find a new job where they will be nice to you & appreciate you.
