5	With the rapid growth of a large city like ours comes environmental issues such as the threat of destruction of natural habitats. But close to downtown, on Central Avenue near the Rio Salado (Salt River) you will find an important resource for better appreciating our Sonoran desert environment and  the importance of conservation of species diversity.  The Nina Mason Pulliam Rio Salado Audubon Center is a state-of-the-art, environmentally-friendly complex adjacent to Phoenix's 600-acre Rio Salado Habitat Restoration Area, an environmental restoration that stretches along several miles of the Salt River. The Center gives visitors of all ages a chance to experience this natural habitat and interact with Sonoran Desert wildlife, in an area close to downtown Phoenix. You'll find interactive displays, varied programs, nature trails, a wetland area, and a chance to see firsthand some conservation measures in effect:  an ecologically engineered treatment and wastewater reclamation system that processes the Center's wastewater for irrigation use, and an array of solar panels that provide some of the Center's electrical energy.
5	I live just four blocks from Rio Salado, & go bike riding along it whenever I have time, often passing the Audubon Center here near the south shore at Central Ave.  They have a small sign in the front window, announcing a birdwatching outing every other Saturday at 8:30 AM, & I finally got curious enough to come out for this one, March 13th.There was a good crowd out for this event, 25 or 30 of us, including people who are as totally into birds as I am into buffets (can you imagine?), & newbies such as myself.  Our friendly & VERY knowledgeable guide, Emily Morris, made it really fun for everyone, as we walked up & down both sides of the river a ways, & off on some nearby trails, with the idea being to see how many birds we could spot.  By the time it was over, we had seen around 40 different kinds!  There are lots of other wild animals out there too!  Did you know that there are BEAVERS in the river, for instance?Ol' Rio Salado itself cooperated very well, too.  It gets pretty narrow in the summer by my house, but it was roaring for this outing, & what fun this whole thing turned out to be!  Our tour lasted about 3 1/2 hours, but someone could leave early if they needed to, it's all free.  The Center even loans you binoculars if you don't have your own.Wear comfortable walking shoes & bring the kids if you like.  This is good!     :-))
5	What a neat place in the center of town! This is unlike any of the other nearby nature centers in that it is surrounded by a beautiful, recently restored, riparian habitat. I attended an event here last month and thought it was an amazing facility for small to medium gatherings. And the surrounding trails are absolutely serene, despite the hustle and bustle of the city in every direction.
5	Aha, it's an ideal time to update my review from a year & a half ago for this place!  Norm R. & I got together tonight for the monthly "Birds & Beer" event here at the Audubon Center.  Like their FUN bird walks held every other Saturday morning at 8:30 most of the year (starting up again Sept. 10 I think), this event is excellent & FREE, including snack food & beer, courtesy of Tempe micro brewer Four Peaks!  Along with that, you get fellowship with a fun, eclectic crowd, & then a lecture with slides & short videos.  Tonight's topic was "Reptile Sex" & it was a hoot!Just like the bird walks (see my original review), "Birds & Beer is 5 STARS!  What a great place this is!     :-))
5	While at Birds n' Beer last Thursday, I learned what "riparian zone" means. It is the strip between land and stream or lake. (Cue the "The More  You Know" clip)The center itself is beautiful and great for a small - medium sized event. Lots of modern architecture and what looks like reclaimed materials. It's an eco-friendly building with great native landscaping.Now to the real part of the review: Bird and Beer is a great event, if you are free on a Thursday night between 5:30p and 7:30p. 5:30 to 6:30 is a chatting/snacking/drinking time with Four Peaks beer in a can. The lecture starts at 6:30 and is very informative. This month was reptile sex and last month was bird sex. The events are usually listed on the events section of Yelp, so check it out now.The Center is easy to find. It is just south of the river on Central, with a sign posted on the road pointing towards the building and the parking lot.
5	My trip should have been aptly called "Beards and Beer" instead of the "birds n beers."  Apparently I missed out on the typical "sex" themed talks, IE. frog sex, bird sex and flower sex.  Since this was the last event of the year, visitors got a stand up routine about beards from an official Beardo.  Wildly funny and entertaining stand up, the Four Peaks beer might have helped.  Four Peaks provided their main staple beers: Kilt lifter, Hop Knot and Kolsch.  3 styles to meet any palate.  Stop by and you'll meet their passionate staff and some friendly bird n beer enthusiasts.  There's no better way to to unwind after work, and learn a few things about that nature thing outside.
4	We attended the Migration Celebration and had fun learning about butterflies, bats, and birds through hands-on, interactive displays and presentations. Everyone was so friendly here and we especially enjoyed wandering the trails! Great for families!
5	Phoenix is one of only 6 cities to get a center like this. They've taken a derelict parcel of ground and converted it into something beautiful and sustainable. Every time I go I see some special bird or bug that I haven't seen before. The River Pathways program is amazing and available to kids who might otherwise not get an experience like this.
5	My cousin just had her wedding here. It was so much fun! Everyone had a good time. The environment is so natural and beautiful. I would recommend it for any event.
5	This is a great place in South Phoenix.  I probably would not have even known about it had I not hear the SW Monarch project was selling milkweed for butterfly gardens at the "Migration Celebration". The volunteer staff were so very helpful and we got to see the beautiful grounds at the Rio Solado.  The park was well maintained and the smell of the desert was intoxicating.   We had a great time!
