5	A friend of mine kept telling me how wonderful Cary is, and I didn't believe her until I finally took my car to him for some repairs.  He's efficient, friendly and a great mechanic.  But most of all, he is honest.  He is the most honest mechanic I have ever dealt with.  He will not fix something without calling you first and getting your approval, he will not fix anything unnecessary, and he will tell you when and where it is best for you to spend your money.For example, I have a 1987 Honda CRX with 270,000 miles.  It has some issues, but overall is a decent car.  I had been told by many people, friends and mechanics, that I needed a new transmission and that to rebuild the transmission would easily cost over $1000.  Cary looked at it and told me that it would cost $700 to fix a couple of different issues, including the clutch, but not the transmission.  He recommended for me to not get the transmission rebuilt on a car with so many miles, because it would probably cause more harm than good.  The CRX has been running great ever since.Everyone has come to expect that mechanics are shady, yet Cary is almost honest to a fault.  So I tell everyone how great he is so that he can get more business to make up for the fact that he doesn't screw anyone over.
5	So, I haven't been to Cary's, but I felt compelled to share a positive experience after I called to inquire about an oil change.  Whoever answered was very honest in saying that Cary's doesn't offer the cheapest oil change, (because they don't get as good of deal on oil as the big guys) but that I should try Walmart if I'm looking for just the basic/cheap oil change.  He went on to say that he even tells his own customers that and to come into him once a year for an oil change and he'll make sure everything is being taken care of that should be taken care of.  Wow, I am shocked... I will definitely go back to Cary's when I need more than just a quick oil change!
5	I typically put auto mechanics in the same category as auto dealerships: Wolves that prey on those that either don't have the knowledge or motivation to take care of their auto needs themselves. For this reason, I buy cars used private party, do my own repairs whenever possible, and generally save thousands of dollars.When it came time to do my timing belt on my 4runner, I decided that the job was a little beyond my skill level (plus it was over 100F outside at the time). I shopped the work around, and was quoted about $700-800 fot the timing belt replacement alone at the local dealerships. I was referred to Cary by a friend of mine who had recently had work done and was very impressed by his level of honesty and knowledge. I rolled the dice and was completely satisfied. Cary gave me a ball park quote, and started work immediately. He ended up replacing my timing belt, water pump, thermostat, 3 drive and accessory belts, a bearing for $670 (including tax, parts, labor, and materials). He also did a complete coolant change with the rather spendy red yota coolant. This was done in 5 hours. Dropped off at 8am, done by lunch. Awesome. Could not have been happier with the service. He tore everything down, gave me a quote, and then invoiced me for the quoted price. After this experience, I have decided that I am better served taking it to him than doing complex stuff myself. I would lost the better part of a weekend doing what he did in a few hours. Highly highly recommended.
5	I was referred to Cary by you, my Yelpers! My car flunked smog in Az (but passes in Ca... ?) and i'm trying desperately to get my car registered here but the CA DMV and some bs on my dashboard are conspiring to smack me with a $500 fine for driving an illegal car... Actually, this is the best thing that could have happened to me. Reason being, Cary is awesome. He's just the nicest guy, very informative, had my part overnighted and finished the job faster than I could connect Yelp to Facebook! My car has turned into an official POS and I am determined to squeeze the life blood out of it because there isn't a single d!ck magnet car on the market for me to purchase right now. I told Cary to expect to see me again the next time I need service (anticipating at least 2x/year at this point... poor car!)
5	Cary is one of the most honest and knowledgeable mechanics I've ever been to. He is caring to all of his customer's and his shop takes the utmost care with the cars they work on. I cannot recommend him strongly enough!
5	Found out about Cary through a friend of a friend, and I'm glad I did. He is such a great and honest mechanic, you almost want your car to break down. He is friendly, explains the problem thoroughly, has reasonable rates, and gets the job done. He is now my mechanic for all my car work (minus oil changes, as he tends to stay away from doing those).
5	As of this writing, the seven other reviews listed here all give Cary's Auto Service five stars - this isn't a fluke, coincidence, or lip service. I've only had a few of experiences with Cary, and all of those experiences have been defined by their informativeness and their honesty.The eponymous Cary has extensive knowledge of cars, and many of our conversations have involved him unabashedly espousing his passion for them. Most importantly however, he's the most honest car mechanic I've ever met - he's not shy about inviting you into the shop and showing you exactly what's wrong with your beloved automobile. If it turns out to be nothing, he's just as happy to send you away with nothing more than a smile and a wink.  Just be warned, however - do not drop your car off and expect to get it back in an hour or two. Cary is extremely thorough, and will often spend an entire day with a car to figure out what's going on with it. As such, plan your day accordingly, and make sure you drop your car off as early as possible.
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about carey's auto service.  He has been my mechanic for years and has never been anything but fair, honest, affordable, reliable, quick , knowledge, informative, and friendly.  He is the reason I am driving my 02 pt cruiser at 190000 plus miles , and I look forward to many more.
5	Cary has been working on my Focus since I bought the car and he has been nothing short of amazing!! He is always honest about what my car needs and completes the work quickly. I'm a younger female and it seems like every time I take my car in for an oil change they tell me I need hundreds of dollars worth of work but that's not Cary, every 5 star review on here is completely correct. I would never take my car anywhere else and recommend Cary to everyone I know.
5	Nice.I called in for urgent service and since they couldn't see me when I needed, the owner gave me outstanding advice for alternative, affordable, and reliable quick lube, oil, filter at a competitor who isn't looking to make a profit on the LOFR (as they have alternative motives for obtaining that business).  Means I can go back to Cary's but get my immediate needs handled.Honesty is huge for me... trust is why you keep going back to a place or take their recommendations.  And it's why you Yelp about 'em.
5	Carey's Auto has been serving my family for more than five years.  I wouldn't take my cars any where else. He is honest, reliable, and trustworthy, and does great work every time.
5	Cary is awesome! He is the most honest and straight forward guy much less mechanic. His prices are extremely reasonable and he does GREAT work. He does what he says and stands behind his work. Cary will change how you feel about mechanics!
5	Cary and his wife are SUPER AWESOME people.  I was referred here by friends who had great things to say.  His work on my car was superb.  He has excellent and fair prices.  He truly cars about you and your car including the fact that he painted my wheels just because it made them look nicer!  This shop comes HIGHLY recommended!!!!
