5	I love this Target. It's clean, never crowded (even during Christmas) and huge!! I think it helps that there are 50 Targets in the 20 square miles of the Las Vegas valley and this one isn't in the ghetto. There is nothing spectacular, other than it's right by the place we used to live at, other than what I'd mentioned earlier. Anyone know of a similar type of Target in So Cal?...yeah I thought not..
4	This is one of the nicer Target stores in Las Vegas, lacks store services though as there is only a Pharmacy here. Overall, for a older Target Greatland, this store looks as if it just opened yesterday still. It is always super slow here too, so if you like to shop in peace, you've found your match!
2	This Target is OK.  It's never very busy, but that also means that the checkout lines open are sparse.  I sometimes have to wait longer than I'd like to get through the line.  My beef with Target overall is also the fact that the national corporate office gave $150,000 to an anti-gay candidate in Minnesota, and they've handled the aftermath poorly.
4	Nice clean store!
5	Target has become my favorite store especially this location since it's always clean. Not only do they have affordable school supplies they also have groceries, which is very convenient.
4	I totally forget going here when I'm usually going to Wally World.  Yesterday I decided not to go the extra miles to WW, and instead went here.  The selection was good, the store wasn't jam packed with shoppers, and check out was not a bring a cot and nap while you wait.I'll return given the pain free shopping I had yesterday!
4	I'm a Tar-Jay girl....always have been always will be. I've always been able to find everything that I need here....now I'm not sure if it's always the lowest prices, but its comparable to other places. Now that Target is offering a lot more food options, I find myself grocery shopping for certain items because it is cheaper than the supermarket, etc. They have cute kids clothes too! I've always liked buying things for my friend's baby showers or kid's birthday parties since they have a variety of toys, clothes and electronics. One stop shop at Tar-Jay! I do get suckered into the dollar aisles when you first walk in, but I have found some good items like Cheddar Fries?! Yum!!!!! Who can resist shopping at Target? I know I can't!
5	Target is definitely my go to store for just about everything.  They're clean (this one is), affordable, good quality, no long lines, easy return/exchange, convenient parking and location, and great customer service!  I've also been going to the pharmacy and I love their $4.00 prescription program.  Whether or not you have insurance they will still give it you for $4.00 as long as its in that list.  Their pharmacist and pharmacy tech are really nice, not like other pharmacies.
5	Simply put; Great customer service, close by, clean-- and that's including the restrooms, at least for the most part...They don't have much of a grocery area, mostly dry goods but I love the $1 bins and their clearances, awesome!
5	I just love Target ... this one's clean and organized. Not only is it in the neighborhood, its just another place i can chill and walk around at. Must i say but their $1 area is the way to go ... They say its more of a travel bin but you know what ... I grab everything on there as my everyday essential. I love the shoe department, home and kitchen stuff ... frames and many more.
4	Some people might laugh at the thought of buying groceries from Target but their prices are cheaper than Smith's, Albertson's and other area stores. That makes this place my go to spot when I need canned veggies, chips, bread, etc. Plus the store is clean and organized and I've never had a bad customer service experience. Yeah, I'm a fan.
4	This is my favorite Target in Vegas.  It's a Greatland Store, so it's HUGE.  Here's why I like it so much:- It's clean.  Keeping a store clean and organized are important to me.  This store is exceptional at both.- It's large.  I like big stores because it provides a selection of a wide variety of products.  One thing I hate doing is driving all over town to look for something.  I enjoy One Stop Shopping....especially when it comes to everyday household items.  If it's something special or unique, then I favor smaller stores....but that doesn't apply here, it's a Target.- Parking.  The parking lot has plenty of spaces for shoppers and the aisles are wide.- It's never crowded.  In the 10 yrs or so this store has been open, I've only seen it crowded during the after-Christmas sale where items can be as much as 75% OFF.....otherwise it's a pleasant experience.Even though it's a bit of a drive for me, I like stopping by this Target every once in a while.Return Factor - 85%
4	There's just something about this particular target. If your option is between this location and the Boca Park location - I would definitely pick this one. The aisles are wide and bright, the employees are helpful, and it has a large selection of items in varying departments. I always have an enjoyable shopping experience when I come here.The only things that are lacking are a PFresh area and sometimes cashiers - but truth be told, I'd rather wait an extra couple minutes than have to subject myself to a Walmart.
5	I love Target!!  I avoid Wally World at all costs and shop at Target instead.  Big fan of their clothes, kitchen items, seasonal items.Go to Target and never look back.  Don't say I didn't warn you when you try somewhere else and you are disappointed :)
4	I came here to return the second hairdryer I bought which almost blew my head off.  Originally I bought both of them at the Boca Target, but I was in the neighborhood, soo...This is a terrific store.  Target has recently been making inroads on Wally by lowering their prices, especially on groceries.  But not on things like hairdryers.  In-between purchasing and returning dryer #2, I checked out Wally's selection, and they were cheaper on every one that they stocked in common - except if Target had it on sale.Still, there's no comparison between shopping at any Target and even the nicest of the Walmarts in Vegas.  Target wins for its big aisles, bright lights, carts that roll straight, and employees who speak English.Regrettably, I ended up buying Dryer #3 at Wally's.  The good news:  my head will now stay attached to my body.  The bad:  I bought it at Wally's.
3	Targets are far better than Walmart but if you use your phone to scan the bar codes and compare prices online, in 99% of examples you can find the same thing online for quite a bit of savings, I do not understand why most people still buy most things at high price brick and motar retailers!Wayne Gorsek
4	I love this target. Great service. I rarely wait in line and the check out always runs smoothly. I can find everything I'm looking for. I don't have to search for new isles because they isles stay the same. They always take my coupons. If you go onto the target website there are additional coupons. The only things I would change. The plus size clothing is only a very small section compared to the smaller clothing. The target milk tastes really weird. And they don't have produce like some of the other targets I've been to in California.
5	Come on...it's Target!! Clean and Organized
4	The location is perfect because I can make it be on my way home from work. If I need something random like sunblock or cream of mushroom soup then Target is where I'd prefer to go. It's not as crowded as Walmart and not boring like a grocery store. Plus they have cute clothes here!They also have good deals on things like foundation brushes. In other stores I've seen them for $12.99 but I found one here for $1.99. I also found $3.99 fake lashes for Halloween. That beats spending $9.99 for them at the costume store. I  like the fact that after shopping I can go get a snack in the store. I love their personal pan pizza/ bread sticks deal . The icing on the cake is that they do have blue Slurpees!
4	Clean, organized, and easy to navigate are all adjectives to describe this location. A Target is a Target is a Target until you get to how often it is frequented. This location seems to be less popular than others and has a large staff. Was able to return some items in minutes, do some shopping, and was out in lightning speeds.I like the dollar items aisle for picking up some useful essentials and holiday goodies.
3	OK selection and pricing at best.  They lack the variety and qty of food items including organic a Super Wal-Mart has and their prices are higher.
5	LOVE this target (greatland). It is extremely clean, organized, and it is so so easy to find things at this location. The people here are friendly. Another plus to this location is that it doesn't seem as busy as some of the other locations.In the same shopping center, there are also a lot of other stores and restaurants to shop at.
1	This store is usually understaffed. It is the second time I left without making my purchase. Boca Park seems to have more staffing at the busy times.
3	Target is ok. They definitely have stuff that WalMart doesn't have that's for sure.  But they can be pricey on a lot of stuff that WalMart does have.  I only goto Target for very few things.  This particular location though is frequently empty of people, no music and you can practically hear a pin drop across the store.  They need to liven it up a bit.  This whole shopping plaza is fairly empty.  It's a very clean store though and I do like coming here from time to time but like I said, I only come for a few select things otherwise Walmart pretty much has what I need for a better price.
5	This has to be one of my favorite Targets by far! Very clean and organized. I love shopping here because I don't feel rushed to grab and go like I do in Walmart, just to get away from the riff raff. I can never go in and just buy what I came in for! lol!The shopping experience I get here is never negative in the slightest way. Great products, great prices, great store. Highly recommended. Only thing I don't like is being able to swipe my Target card and not needing to sign for purchases under $50. Better make certain I never lose my card!
5	Can't say anything bad about Target.  Great prices, similar to Walmart, you might pay a few more dollars for things but its worth it.  Target is clean, not as busy and lines arent out the door!  The staff is kind and willing to walk you to the product you are looking for.  The only complaint I have is the bathrooms were not up to par.  The stalls were messy and smelt pretty bad.
5	This is for their pharmacy department.....I'm an avid Tar-jay shopper with the red card and everything so it made sense to just fill my prescriptions here. 1. I've never had an issue with my prescriptions and the auto refill service is pretty nifty. 2. They are quite efficient at filling new prescriptions and I think max wait time is around 30 min but that only happened once. 3. Hardly a line to wait to pick up your prescription. 4. Pharmacy rewards program is awesome. You get coupons in the mail like spend 100 bucks get 10 off and if you have a red card there's an extra 5% off. Overall I'm very satisfied with the customer service and efficiency of this pharmacy. Two thumbs up!
5	They recently remodeled this location to add a produce section and redid the shelving.It is so bright and shiny in there now! A little too bright,  but oh well. They seem to have added quite a bit more to the womens clothing area, and I was in love with so many of the dresses!I love Target, I want to live in Target.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 25/100Why do I love Target? Not only do they have tons of options for everything ranging from candles to shower curtains, but they also have groceries and their own brands of food. I love all their Archer Farms products, especially their wide selection of trail-mix. If you're looking for one to try, give their Monster Trail mix a whirl (peanuts, M&Ms, raisins, chocolate chips, and peanut butter chips).  This is a pretty good Target, though it's not a full blown 'Super Target'. There are a few aisles of frozen/dairy/dry grocery goods, but they don't have a full produce or meat department. What they do have is a huge clothing section - for women, men, kids and babies--home goods galore--including small appliances, bedding, and kitchen and bathroom items. Need a comforter? How about some socks?  Need to refill on your prescription?  Target has got you covered. The biggest problem here is parking. This place is always PACKED.
5	This target is great! It is always clean, they have more than enough cashiers working and the staff
4	This is by far one of the better Target stores in the Vegas area. It is always clean, neat, organized and well stocked. This location usually has lots of employees working the registers so you rarely have to wait, even if the parking lot looks full (and it is always packed), you can get in and out quickly.
5	My favorite Target in Vegas. It doesn't feel like a crazy packed zoo like the other Targets in town. It's always clean and neat. The team is nice and helpful. It was recently remodeled so having the larger grocery selection is great. During the Jewish Holidays they have plates, decorations, wrapping paper, etc, which is great because you can't find this at every Target. I got a flu shot there earlier in the year and the pharmacist was great. My only issue (actually only every once in a while would I consider this a true issue) is that there are usually only 2 or 3 lanes open which sometimes creates long lines.
5	Love this Target! Never any lines. It seems when they see 3 people in a line they open another register. Gotta love that! It's a clean store also. And now they have expanded their grocery dept. Now I can just about get everything I need in 1store!
5	Reasons why I love this Target: - it's a Target Greatland, so you literally have everything you could possibly need in one place - they just finished the remodel a few months back and everything looks so organized and (at least to me) the aisles are much bigger - their $1 section is always full of awesome random items (how could you say no to $1?!)- everything is stocked! In some of the other locations I've been to, shelves aren't always stocked and some spots are even empty- Target clearance items always get me!!!! The juniors/women's section usually has some amazing deals...even shoes too!! - parking is never an issue- the store is never crazy busy - the location is amazing and all the shops around it are also pretty amazing - I have the Target debit card, and as many times as I've gone, I've definitely saved up quite a bit this year alone ($45 based on my receipt from today's purchase).- when you really want a movie on DVD, you can usually find it at a decent price - the Target app is amazing...and there's free wi-fi in the store! I know we've all become victims of Target...where we come in for toothpaste and we leave with $100 worth of stuff...and no toothpaste. I've become so much better over the years and find myself leaving with the things I need more often than not (but of course, I'll slip in a few random things here and there).
5	By far my favorite Target in the valley! They really upgraded the store with their new produce/grocery section. I've never been that big into Target until I moved closer and realized that Walmart just doesn't cut it with customer service and cleanliness.
4	This Target has a larger variety of products, compared to Wal-Mart that is. The staff was friendly
3	The store is fine but what really ticks me off is their credit card. There is always a problem, always a hassle despite my perfect on time payments. Also it would be nice to see the plus size section stocked.
3	This store is SO much better than the chaotic Wal-Mart nightmare down the road, but the selection is much smaller. I prefer to go here because this store is quiet, clean, and the staff actually have knowledge of their own store (Unlike Wal Mart). Check out is usually a breeze, they usually have a cashier standing there at the front of the lane ready to ask if you they can help you check out. Lines arent really a problem here, in fact i haven't had ANY problems here.Note: They have a Chase ATM so all our Chase Bank users would be very excited about this
5	This is the best Target in Vegas. I've been to 6 and this store is great. Staff are friendly. Returns are easy. Clearance is regularly cheaper than other area Targets. The only thing missing is a Starbucks. Please please put one in!!!
4	This place is great. I was given a five dollar gift card on a special purchase. The next time I went in, I brought the gift card to use but it didn't work! The store employee wound up giving me a new gift card just off my word. This is how companies need to do business. They didn't have to do that but because they did, I will definitely be returning.
4	Another very large target. This one is stocked with a pretty large grocery dept. Nice selection of various things.Oh and there is a famous Dave's close by....gotta get your ribs!!!
4	I don't usually come to this location since I live on the other side of town. I happened to be house sitting while my parents were out of town and had forgotten to pack toothpaste. I'm used to the Target location by my place so I found the layout to be odd. Everything is in the same place but the aisles for the women's clothing and accessories was all cramped together. Claustrophobia at it's finest. They had everything I needed, and also things I haven't seen at my home location. So I'm not complaining there. I did find the family sized Pantene Pro-V shampoo and conditioner on clearance for $3 on one of the end caps! Score!! It pays to just look around. You never know what deals you'll find. There was no line and the cashier was really easy going. P.S.  You might want to mop the floors. Saw a bunch of stains that needed to be cleaned up.
1	The cashier here is very mean especially a lady named Letticia!
5	The employees at this Target are really, really nice! We just got some luggage here & they went  above and beyond the call of duty and checked all of the target stores around the Las Vegas area we were able to get the exact luggage we were looking for and take it on our trip.   we love this target because everyone that works there is so kind!
4	Not bad pretty good finds in this store lines are a bit long but i have found better clothes here more males females and toddlers at this ross in particular
4	We were there in November 2012 just two days before Thanksgiving and everything was therefore already in the Christmas spirit .It was very busy but so great that it all rather becoming difficult. It is an experience every floor or floor are the same product BV. toys first floor - valliezen, Christmas items, you name it everything is on a separate floor incredible. Staff very helpful and friendly. It's all better than expected well worth a visit if you visit Las Vegas once.
4	Great location because it's always empty! I've never encountered lines here and the store is clean & well organized. Target is great for random purchases when a girl needs some goodies. Tonight I ended up with a scrubby brush for the kitchen, lip gloss, mascara & a few tank tops, random but it works. The downfall is that it's not one of the stores that has absolutely everything but has enough to go in and out quickly. The plaza itself doesn't have high traffic so it's an extra bonus during the busy holidays.
4	Since moving to Las Vegas, I think I appreciate Target even more!When I lived in SF, Target was always an ordeal, no matter which one you went, you were fighting carts, and families just to get to the next aisle.But in Las vegas, oh no....you get space, big open isles, friendly helpful staff.It makes shopping at Target a true pleasure.
5	No issues and no hassles when I returned something from Christmas. I didn't even have my receipt. Now that's great customer service! Target has always been a little better than Walmart. Brands are better quality and the selection is good.
