4	Everyone's Designs stays true to its name - it sells tiddly gift offerings from big name designers in the same league as Cath Kidston.There is an array of high quality gifts available in here, from mugs to coasters and cushions - the kind of stock you would expect in a shop of this descrption. However, what gives Everyone's Designs the edge over competitors is its class. Whimsical, dainty and sophisticated, this shop will satisfy the young and old, just like Alice said. It is the kind of card shop my mum ponders over for hours, looking for really orante gift ideas, and emerges armed with bags. On a side note, I really liked their classic Victoria and Albert stock collection. You don't often see that particular finery in gift stores north of the border, which is a shame because they do some rather appealing mugs (and even flowery hammers!)With a good selection oh beautiful cards and ravishing gift wrap, you will make someone's birthday that bit more special if you shop in here. I appreciate the breezy colour scheme of the shop, the way it is organized, and all the cute treats within.
4	Another convenient gift shop with trendy gifts and cards for all occasions. Granted most of them are more girlie it's certainly more upmarket than your average Edward monkton corner store.  From funky china, to sweet candles and other quirky ideas I tend to  head here if I am stuck on gift ideas for friends.I particularly like the unique card selection- some of them could make gifts on their own. The layout of the store makes it very convenient to browse for seemingly hours.
4	What a quaint little gift shop!Everyone's Designs is a lovely card and gift shop in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh and just a short walk from the city centre so it is an easy place to get to. They stock a huge selection of cards suitable for every conceivable situation so you will be completely spoilt for choice. Everyone's Designs also has an array of little gifts and presents, such as candles, ornaments and cute kitchen utensils. Although most of the stock in this gift shop is mostly girl orientated, they also sell a gorgeous range of stationary, including notebooks and journals which would be an ideal present for a man.Everyone's Designs is in keeping with the rest of the up market stores in the Bruntsfield area so you know that what will purchase in this store will be of excellent quality. Most of the gifts are very reasonably priced, with cards priced at around two pounds.  Every time I walk past this shop I have to on, even if it is just to browse and smell the wonderful flavours of the candles.
3	A nice selection of cards, a very random selection of notebooks, but a slightly unfriendly environment.  Well, it is Bruntsfield, which is a very *nice* area. So I suppose this is a very *nice* gift and card store.They had some expensive-ish art for sale too. As I mentioned, the notebooks were a little random. I could only find 2 plain, lined notebooks out of two stacked shelves. The rest were all address books, birthday books, diaries etc. Very odd.If I was in the area, and needed a card I'd pop in. Simples.
