4	They have great fast food. My favorite is their garden salad with chicken. I also love that the kids can trade the toy for an ice cream if they don't like the toy. Friendly staff and the woman at the registered picked out that I was from Texas by my necklace and accent. I don't think I have an accent, but sometimes it comes out I guess. We were on a road trip, and seeing that Chick-fil-a sign was like a slice of heaven.
5	But for the customer service, this is a regular Chick-fil-A.A "regular Chick-fil-A" is a compliment!  It means that the food is addictive (I've switched from the regular Chick-fil-A sandwich to the chicken nuggets, which are amazing, and much better than McDonald's or the like) and the restaurant itself is nice, with attractive furnishings, and very clean.This location, though, seems to have among the friendliest employees of any location I've been to--and I've been to at least dozens of locations.  CFA usually has very nice and very polite people, but this one is just a cut above.(Sidenote: this location is always PACKED- the parking lot can be totally full even at 3pm.  Where all those people come from, I have no idea, but I'm always still in and out in just a few minutes; there's little to no wait once you're inside, so don't let the packed parking lot run you off. If you're driving down I-85, just turn off and head south at exit 27; you'll be back on the road really quickly.)
1	I love Chik fil a's, but I was overwhelmed by a terrible smell when I walked in here today. Gross. And the bathrooms were full and garbage overflowing. We walked out without ordering.This was from November 2012.
5	Great! Chick-fil-A in NCGreat service. Great food! And flowers on the tables - does it get any better? The service was friendly and patient - even with my craziness - they always seem to smile. The restaurant was clean and given we had arrived during the lunch hour everything was speedy.
3	Eh. Food is really good for fast food but they leave out items many times. Always check your bag before leaving this place to insure you got everything you ordered.
