2	Although scheduling an appointment for an ultrasound was very easy and the follow-up from this staff was wonderful, the review is more on my actual appointment and service I received during my ultrasound.The ultrasound tech was not like any other ultrasound tech I have encountered before. I needed a pelvic ultrasound and he wound up asking me after he had done the traditional ultrasound if I needed or if my doctor wanted me to have a different type of ultrasound.  I had to use the bathroom after the first ultrasound before the second ultrasound be performed. There was no bathroom in Suite 103 where I was having my ultrasound. So I was instructed to go to the other Simon med suite in 102 to use the bathroom. When I returned the ultrasound tech had prepped the table for me in advance and gave me clear instructions as to what he needed me to do and then notified me that he would be obtaining a chaperone. He seemed very, very uncomfortable having to do the internal ultrasound and made me handle the wand and business end first at that with no offer to sanitize or anything to clean all the gel off my hand and honestly the situation caught me off guard. Luckily I had clean and sanitized hands!  Finally, something else I found odd was that once he was finished he instructed me to of course get dressed but then I had to throw things away off the table. I just felt that this is a medical professional and my past ultrasound (I've had a lot) were more professional. Anyone else ever have an experience like this?
5	I made an appointment for a mammogram. I arrived 10 minutes before my appointment to fill out paperwork. When I walked in there were at least 15 people in the waiting area....not a good sign.My name was promptly called at 8:30. I was brought back to the changing room and then to the exam room. By 8:50 I was back in my car headed home. I will always go here for my mammograms.
4	My Doctor ordered me a fairly emergent MRI and Simon Med Imaging called me the same day to schedule a reservation. They requested pre-auth from my insurance company and booked my reservation to allow adequate time to receive the pre-auth.  The staff, including the office manager were very cordial, smiled and were genuine even though it was obvious they were busy. They stopped, focused on me as a patient and then went about their duties. Tana my technician was super with a great welcoming personality who would make any nervous patient (which I am not) at ease.  Thank you Simon Med Imaging! When I fix my knee I am coming to you for my MRI.  Oh and a tip is that x-rays are on a walk-in basis.  They also have late hours accomodating working professionals. Only gave four stars because the bathroom and the waiting room were a bit in need of cleaning and attention.
1	Be prepared to wait hours for a routine MRI. Been here for 3 hours and still not done. It's absolutely ridiculous.
1	Incompetent!!! Spent an inordinate amount of time getting an appointment set up and Kristen did not get it right! Sent me to a site where they don't do the study that I needed. She got on the phone multiple times to "call the site" to "verify". Never emailed me the instructions as she said she would. Got there 30 mins prior to my appointment having been NPO for 2 hrs. No deodorant. No lotion. Total if an hour driving time. Naturally I am peeves because on a day that I shuffled my schedule and I'm crunched for time, I waited 45mins and had i not asked an approx time that they could get me in I would not have been informed of this goof up. Naturally they've already taken my very hefty payment. Trish at the 19th ave site was amazing in helping to rectify the problem. On my way to the other site that Kristen was able to schedule i get a call from her that she would like to schedule something different since she double booked me and want to be mindful of my time. Additionally it is to be noted that the 19th Ave site is not pleasant. Smells. All sites should strive for the Mountain View standard.
1	Simon Medical will book an appointment time and keep you waiting for hours. I had to walk out two times for a Saturday appointment for a C.T. Scan.  When the cat is away the mice will play. Patients in the waiting room were treated like cattle.  The front office staff with the technicians were enjoying each other's company and patients were ignored. Before I had to leave without having the test performed I told staff I had to leave. They then stated we can bring you back right away. I rescheduled and having an appointment is useless. This was at the Thunderbird location in Glendale.  This company has the proper equipment to perform the service. The problem is the help is allowed to run wild, and there is no accountability. I have always gad a better experience with Valley Radiology.
