5	Always knowledgeable and very helpful.  I get a new phone every year or so, and they're great about differentiating the different cell phone models to me.
1	Approaching 50 minutes into my wait, a sprint customer was playing on the tablets and appropriately decided to play "Unchained melody" (ya know, with the lyric "time goes by soo slowly") and I gave them a high five. Seriously. The two guys working this afternoon (Friday, April 11th) were the most unprofessional sales associates I've ever encountered. I understand that the phones were taking a while to switch over/ activate but their banter about what they wanted for lunch/dinner (they were deciding on glass nickel) and hearing how one of the guys working was about to stand up in his sisters wedding was too much for me. Waaaayyyy to much. I also heard all about the old sprint sales associate who just quit and how another pen called out to work today,News flash-I came here to be waited on and get a new phone. Not hear about these guys personal lives. I wasn't even acknowledged as I walked into the store. I guess I don't get it. Where I work I keep my business to myself and I employ the tactic of multi tasking- not standing around discussing personal matters because whatever system that sets up phones was going slow.It took them over an hour to tell me that activating my phone likely wouldn't happen today. I left immediately after. I won't be back-at least not the Middleton location. No way. No how. I totally get why they had an employee quit 3 days ago and another one call in sick. I'd quit or call in sick too if I worked here.Get your act together.
1	Don't waste your time going to this store.  I was at the Fitchburg location (which is a franchise store, not a corporate store) and they were unable to help me so they suggested I head to the corporate store in Middleton.  Well, before just driving out there I called to confirm they could help me.  The response I got was along the lines of "if you're already at a Sprint store, why would you come here?  Just stay at that Sprint store."Wow.  I am trying to give you my money, my patronage, and you're telling me to not even bother?  Some customer service.I ended up calling Sprint's corporate line to order a new phone.  Had it delivered the next day at no extra cost.  I'll hopefully never have to step foot in a Sprint store again and would suggest they just close every brick and mortar shop.
