5	Dr. Loo has been my primary care doctor since moving to the valley.  He came highly recommended by a coworker.  His easy direct manner and interest in the whole picture of what is going on in your life set him apart from other doctors I have seen.The office runs seamlessly which is a big plus in my experience.  I have actually changed doctors in the past because the front office and staff is difficult to deal with.
4	I found this doctor near my work via Yelp and Aetna, and was a little worried when I walked in; the TV in the waiting area had on Glenn Beck.  Was I a little scared? Yes. However, the nice receptionist was kind enough to keep me there.The theme of everything is the Hawaiian Islands, which was nice and fairly relaxing.  I waited a bit longer than I thought, but I wasn't in a hurry, so that was ok.The nurse taking my weight, blood pressure, etc was a little brusque, but nice enough, and then Dr. Loo came in.He's nice, believes what you say (I'm a 24 year old with arthritis, 3 surgeries behind me and 4 to go, yet most doctors can't seem to understand that it is painful for me to walk), and had good suggestions. He actually gave me a PT script instead of making me find an orthopedist out here. I really appreciated it.All in all, a good visit. Just loses one star for scaring me with Glenn Beck.
5	Dr. Loo has been  my primary care doctor since I was a child.  He is so kind and really cares about his patients.  I also occasionally see both nurse practitioners, which are both very attentive and compassionate.  If you're looking for a primary care doctor, I'd definitely recommend this office.  All the receptionist and nurses are very nice too!  He has a Hawaiian theme office, very calming when you walk in.
5	I have been searching for a consistent primary physician - and I think I scored with finding Dr. Loo. Young doctor and really easy to talk to. The staff at the front desk are helpful and approachable. The best part about this office is that the Sonora Lab team are in a room tandem to the patient rooms which makes life simple when having to get quick samples as recommended by the doctor.It took a while to find a good primary care physician in AZ - hopefully this one can become my consistent go-to doctor!
1	Poor, poor customer service by Dr. James D Loo, MDAfter five years I have to say I've had enough and will find a Doctor that takes care of his/her patient.I recommend staying clear of this office and doctor!J
