5	Man this place really works the magic!! My g37 was BAKED with grass water for 4 month. take down there, come out looking fantastic!! silky smooth!!! brand new felling!! just let you know that this is not a average everyday car wash you normally go. it's a really a total car care super store!! talk to Mr. Rich light, he will work with you!
5	If you want to put your car in good hands, especially if you have a luxury car, this is the place to go hands down. Not only do they do an incredible hand detail, but they also have a variety of restorative services as well as their own car care products that are amazing!I'm very picky about who works on my car but I know every time I bring my car in to gloss-it, it will be taken care of! Now I don't trust anyone else to work on my car because they do such great work! The owner Rich is super nice and he along with his crew are perfectionists. Look no further for the ultimate "gloss" for your ride!
5	I discovered Gloss-It after having a Window Tint company in the same area cause damage to my Brand New car. They had scratched clearcoat all around the rear window, rear deck lid and both rear quarter panels. I didn't want to choose any fly by night detailer and I wanted the work done correctly. The car needed to be restored the way it was before the tint company damaged it - "New". I found the Gentlemen and I do mean "Gentlemen" at Gloss-It to be highly professional, extremely talented and friendly. The work they performed could only be done by skilled people and there is no way any mobile detailer could achieve the same results. If you are OCD, demand perfection and have a sharp eye... this is the only shop in Las Vegas you need to visit. I also discovered they offer Paint Protection and Window Tinting. Stop by, look at their operation and form your own conclusions - with this company you get what you pay for.
5	Gloss it, I came across Gloss it after calling several detailer's and after one blew offa  plan schedule , I had to start looking again.Lucky for me I met Christian and he explained  what they actual do and what my car needed. My A5 needed more than just a nice , clay , wax and polish  detail , it needed paint correction .Gloss it was the team to do it. They are perfectionist and I will be back. Like a lot of you I look at reviews before going to a restaurant  and  I can say the owner  Rich Light and the team take the time to make you feel  like your totally taken care of.Thanks Gloss it .
5	Now if you really want a car wash, this is the place to come to. First this isn't your typical wash by any  means.when two very professional detailer's  take about 1:45 Min and really clean your car inside and out, for  the price  it was a great deal .This was done just days of having my car Paint corrected . I came to back so soon, one learn how to take care of my investment and also  just  having the car for two days with the new finish,  I'm  at a stop light when someone decides to clean their windows  using their auto car spay and it gets all over my hood . I couldn't believe it.Thank you  Gloss -it  for another perfect job.Michael
5	This place is amazing! The quality of products and standard of car care is great. I have been using another detail place at a mall, but shop this has no equal. My black car looks so good. I'm going to pick up some microfiber towels too!
5	So here's my story and why I'd recommend Gloss It to anyone without a doubt - I recently purchased a brand new car, and I do my best to maintain paint jobs on my car and keep them looking as nice as possible. I drove the car down here from the Portland, OR area, which meant that it got disgustingly dirty on the road trip down to Las Vegas. I am not a fan of automatic car washes, and I stumbled across Gloss It during my search of car detailers in the area. I gave Rich a call and he was incredibly friendly over the phone and said they could get me in within an hour and told me to come over. He was incredibly professional and friendly once I arrived, and took me through the shop and showed me around before his guys went to work on the car. He took the time to answer my questions regarding my own detailing techniques and was really informative regarding his products. Not only that, but he brought me the WiFi password to use while I waited for the car to get cleaned.The car came out looking awesome, and both the employees who did the detail work did a great job and were very friendly. Rich, the owner, comes across as a passionate and friendly businessperson, and it really seems like he knows his trade. If you care about your car and are looking for a good detail or want to look into detailing products to use at home, I'd highly suggest giving him your business.
5	At first I was skeptical about the price but it was all worth it. My black mercedes looked brand new. The team did an awesome job beyond my expectations. Rich provided expert advice before and after it was completed. Protect your investment and purchase their easy to use products. Definetly would highly recommend this place.
5	I read the reviews for this shop, and came to the determination that this place was worth a shot. I took my Tesla and did an exterior wash only because I'm on a family trip. The staff was respectful and attentive upon arrival. They wasted no time in getting started. My concern was all the bug splatter from our road trip. Although they did not get everything off the windshield, they managed to clear off the paint. I remain appreciative of their work despite that fact. The owner, Rich happened to come by while waiting on the car. He was also a good guy who clearly appreciates his craft/business. I definitely recommend this shop. It's fairly obvious that they service high end cars. With that said, you can trust them to provide quality work.
5	It is one thing to take your car to a detailer for a paint correction procedure vs an industry expert that innovates in the industry and also provides personalized attention to detail on your vehicle. Rich and his professional staff worked over my 62 vette that had some scratches and made it look like it just had a fresh paint job. As another poster commented it looked like the car was dipped in a vat of wetness, not to mention a full detail gratis. Using his proprietary wheel cleaners, my billet wheels where cleaned to look freshly chromed. I think as long as you don't expect a miracle your expectations will be far exceeded. Big thumbs up!
5	I took my vehicle in for an interior detail and it came out looking showroom new...  literally!  There was a spilled milkshake under the seat and dog hair galore and once they were finished there was no trace of either one.  These guys do an amazing job, are very friendly, and explain the process thoroughly.  Gloss-It is its own product line so they use all their own products and the results are top notch.  I would recommend their services to anyone.  I will be a repeat customer for sure.
5	Great shop and involved owner.  On the pricey side.  However, I am a firm believer that at times, you get what you pay for.  Best inside and outside my vehicle has ever looked.Lots of high-end sports cars for elite folks.  They will still treat you and detail your stock Ford Escape with the same care as a Ferrari.  Will use as long as they are available.
5	Called same day and made an appointment in minutes. Went on Yelp Reviews and the minute I walked into the shop I knew these guys meant business! Clean warehouse and very organized. All I wanted was a car wash and what I got was 100% Pure Luxury Gloss-It car wash! My car looked like it was just pulled out of a show room! The owner Rich is super cool and down to earth! Definitely coming back for other car treatments! Thanks guys you did a awesome job on my  2013 Hyundai Equus!!!!
5	Love this place! I just got my new Lexus GS and I'm deadly afraid to take it to a drive through car wash so I've been looking for a detailing service on yelp and when I saw the Austin Healey that they restored I was convinced that "quality" was the cornerstone of there business. I got my car in and out in 30 minutes and I must say they did an awesome job!  I'm very picky about door jams, trim, etc I have OCD I think lol. If you need a detailing service definitely stop by!!!
5	I had Gloss-It detail my 13 year old Mercedes SL500 for the Barrett-Jackson Auction. It sold for more than similar cars even with lower mileage and more desirable colors. I'm sure this was a result of how good it looked after Gloss-It detailed it. Thanks Guys
5	Just had my 1966 Corvette Stingray worked on at Gloss-It.  They conducted a very extensive paint correction, gloss coating and detailing.  The results are excellent.Prices are high but worth it.  Let's face it, if you can afford to have a luxury or classic car, then you might as well take care of it with the best service available. I'd put Gloss-It in the best service category.  Rich, the owner, is personally involved in the work and he will make sure your car gets the best detailing available. I recommend Glows-It without hesitation.
5	Rich and Christian and the crew did it once again! Today they worked on my 2013 Equus and did a 1 Step Paint Correction and EVO QUARTZ COATING and trust me these guys know exactly what there doing! My black car is immaculate in the sun and at night not to mention the EVO QUARTZ COATING which made it all possible! With all the detail companies in Vegas GLOSS-IT has got to be the BEST DETAIL STUDIO IN VEGAS! The CEO/ Owner Rich is super knowledgeable about his products and his company! I'm super confident about this Gloss-It company and its going to be a household name soon trust me! If your looking for EXCELLENT CAR CARE DETAIL SERVICE FROM A RELIABLE QUALITY AND THE FINEST OF GLOSS-IT PRODUCTS THIS IS THE PLACE!!! Give them a call you will not be Dissapointed in there services! Did I mention they also do tinting as well! Unbelievable man! My car looks CRAZY SICK!!!!
5	Could not be more satisfied with the level of product, service and professionalism I have received from Rich and the team at Gloss-It over the years. I've driven from L.A. twice to have my Audi S8 done here because there's nobody I would rather trust to do it right. I was really impressed with the Quartz coating: it's the first coating I've seen that  actually holds up long-term in the SoCal sun
