4	A few underwhelming experiences of egg rolls that tasted like mushy wet newspaper, mucousy (not a word, but I'm going with it) soups, and disappointing dishes, have made me a little gun-shy of the Chinese restaurants in the K-W area. But China Garden was different. It's not much to look at inside, but the food is delicious - and *consistently* delicious. No matter what you order off the menu, you won't be disappointed. I'll confess that I'm not too adventurous when it comes to Chinese food, but I have tried everything that my (way more adventurous) partner orders and I love it all. China Garden is so good that I trust whatever they make will be tasty. If you've been disappointed with other K-W area Chinese (-Canadian) take-out, give China Garden a try.
5	This is my "go-to" lunch Chinese food restaurant.  The place isn't a fine dining restaurant, but is great for a quick meal.  Michael and David run the place and they are efficient even when it is busy.  There are 26 lunch specials and there is plenty of variety (I have tried most of them) for a reasonable price.  As a bonus, there is wireless internet next door at Williams and it works great in the restaurant.
3	You would think that in a town with a huge Asian student population that the Chinese food would be more superior?We checked out China Garden after a gradution ceremony at Waterloo.  It was an odd time - 3pm (too late for lunch, too early for dinner) but we were starving from the 3 hour long ceremony.  We ordered a 6-item set menu that included:- house soup- spicy tofu- deep fried tofu pot with sea food- beef and Chinese broccoli- sweet and sour pork- half a white chickenAnd I believe the rice came with the set menu as they brought us out a family sized portion to share.  All in all, the food was decent but nothing outstanding.  And it did not come with dessert at the end, not even sliced oranges or fortune cookies for the White guys.  Humph.Can't comment on pricing as someone else in the party took care of the bill.  Service was a bit slow, even though the restaurant was empty.  The owners kids were running around playing tag.  My parents use to own a restaurant and if we did that, they would have chopped our legs off with a meat cleaver or given us the beats with a feather duster.  I didn't really mind the kids but just saying'.
4	YUM! This is my grandma's favorite Chinese restaurant to head out to. Unfortunately, it's a hole in the wall place so many people drive right by it. The food is delicious and comes out in a timely manner. My family and I tried the seafood tofu soup, my mom's favorite. Even she had to agree that the texture and silkiness of the soup was appealing. The portions and prices are agreeable as well. I definitely recommend the black bean beef chow fun for those who love chow fun. The beef is tender and cooked perfectly. In addition, the seafood chow mein is not short on real seafood. Using large, crunchy shrimps and lots of cuttlefish and vegetables, the dishes are healthy and very tasty. Even though I'm not from Canada, I know I will be returning whenever I visit again!
4	I got the dinner special with a spring roll, sweet and sour soup, chicken balls, and noodles. The service was great, he was friendly and helpful, recommending and suggesting, which I appreciated. The meal came to just over 11$. Everything was pretty good, but the chicken balls and the spring roll were my highlights. I wouldn't order the sweet and sour soup again (I'm not a soup person but wanted to try it), and I would order rice instead of the noodles. Food came out in under 5 minutes from walk in order. I would go there again.
4	This place is much better than the rest of the chinese restaurants around, but it is still sad compared to GTA of course. I come here pretty often.
4	Great food great service. Michael is the best
3	Rate this place 3.5. Good food and service.
4	I really enjoy this place. It's extremely authentic, delicious and for a great price! I frequently get takeout orders from here and they never disappoint.
2	average food. average service. above average pricing
5	China Garden can be pretty amazing, especially if you order the chicken balls or general tso chicken. The hot and sour soup is fantastic as well. I've also had some other menu items and found that sometimes they are way too salty!! The owner is very kind and accommodating. We once had a birthday there and he had no problem with us bringing in our own desert (tacky, I know right? but it was for my elderly grandpa). We always leave China Garden with a smile on our face. I would recommend, as long as you order the right food. :)
5	Great food, great prices. Ordered a few basics: orange beef, garlic ginger chicken, chef's special pork tenderloin, all delicious! The springrolls left something to be desired though: they weren't flavourful at all. We ordered online and had them deliver, and they were here 10 minutes before the quoted time! How's that for efficiency? The 3 dishes we ordered lasted us (two adults) 2 days and about 3 meals, so the value for money and portion sizes are excellent. I have no issues with this place so a solid 5 stars from me.
3	I was in Waterloo on business and craving good quality chinese food. I stumbled by this place, and went in because it smelled DELICIOUS. Ordered the salt & pepper shrimp. The total was like $18 canadian, so I was a bit stumped when I received the little tin of food. It was literally just like 16 pieces of shrimp, no veggies, etc. But. let. me. tell. you. I'd pay it all over again. They were positively delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked. Next time, maybe I'd order some noodles or something.So, a bit expensive, but positively delish.
