2	So i visited this shop to get my battery changed in my watch, 15 minutes later the battery was changed ($35). a week later the watch was losing time. I went to the shop and they told me something was missing.... Strange as the watch was brand new and was never taken to a shop apart from them and they told me it wasnt there before either.... Hmmm thats BS otherwise im sure they would have notified me.... 2 days later the watch stopped, never turned. A week later i went back and they said they will have to send the watch off for analysis. After being looked at i was told my watch will need a service and adjustment etc. etc. Itll take a week to fix it. Next day my watch is ready.. Im not saying they are con men but im just saying its funny how i had so many problems after visiting them. Ill never take a watch there again, id rather do it myself.
5	Really nice and thoughtful people at this store, prices are fair, they do their best and thats good enough for me.  Easy access through Dicks sporting goods, stay on 1st floor go straight ahead on left.
5	Fast service. They stand by their work. Highly recommended!
2	I went there today to have a necklace extended by 5 links.  So basically I needed 5 links off one necklace and placed on the necklace I wanted to wear.  So now they use an iPad and guess the thickness of the necklace and since it needed to be sauntered in  two spots that was 39.99 for each spot so basically 80.00 for maybe 10 minutes of work.I explained to them that I was at their location last year and had a necklace extended with more links then and they only charged me 40 dollars.  The guy was like that was last year and NOW we are under corporate rules and had to follow new guidelines.  He said the best he could do was offer me 10 percent off the 80 dollars.  I thanked them for their time and walked down to RED ROCK JEWELERS in the mall and explained to them the experience I had a FAST FIX and the actually did it for 40 dollars.  I wasn't trying to cheat or scam Fast Fix but you don't double your price on repairs in a year and then try to say its the new corporate rules.  The repair guy was just sitting there doing nothing anyway.  If your willing to lose a returning customer to your competitor that charged the same price you did a year ago maybe you should look at your corporate guidelines again.
3	I have used this place 2 times before... Once to size my old engagement ring from a 6 to an 8,and then a second time for the same ring to have the center (head) tightened.The people are nice at this store... But the guy that I have usually dealt with the last 3 times was not there.I have a new wedding band and it needed to be sized up just a smidgen. Usually, I have only paid around forty dollars..... no more than fifty.They now have an iPad that they use to estimate services with, I have never seen the iPad be used.Today, I went, and it was $85. Holy crap. I guess this is how they are paying for the iPad. I wanted to faint. Paid it because I want to wear my new ring. Got it back in an hour, but yowza. Talk about inflation... a few customers even walked away after being told prices.You're a spot in the mall, not Tiffany's.
1	This place is a rip off.  I went to see if they could put the back part of my watch back on and they said it would be $19.95!  Another jeweler in the mall did it for free. There is a place called Anthony's watch repair on Windmill and Pecos, I recommend going there instead!!!!
5	Omg !! I love this place they have great customer service .. The guys at the front are very nice and helpful . Not very smart when it comes to watches or jewerly but they where nice enough to walk me throw what was gonna been done .. GREAT JOB !! If u have any issue with your watch or jewelry this is the place to go ! I Recommend it a 100% very happy with the work done on my fathers watch and my engagement ring !! :)
5	Took my watch in to fix and they did a great job it really is fast . Very satisfied with the work done  . The guy that helped me was very helpful i think is name was nadder thank u  so much . I will be coming back for sure !
5	I went here to get my ring reshaped (it got ran over by a car).They did a quick reshape to the best of his ability allowing it to be "free". I paid the actually amount to get it shaped better and cleaned. It's back into an almost perfect circle with very little wear and tear on the ring instead. Cheap, affordable and quick!
5	I've been using these guys forever. They do great work. They have adjusted watches, custom fitted my rings, changed batteries on a rare watch. Yes it may be a little pricier than other places.Yes they do charge you for adjustments on jewelry like having links taken out from my watch.Yes sure they can adjust it for free at the jewelers. But I rather get it done here where I know the guys specialized in jewelry repair plus its just more convenient for me since I live at the mall.  I have confidence they won't scratch my watch liked they did once at a jewelers.I didnt see any iPad used  when given my quote nor did they use one on the customer before me who had a couple of jobs he wanted to get done.Also these people are  trustworthy. Let me just say in the past we've run into (investigated)  jewelry repair specialists who were shady. Anyways I can always rely on Fast Fix. It only takes them usually less than an hour to do a job. Everyone is friendly and easy going as well.
5	Fixed & resized my wife's wedding ring & tons more of my stuff. Outstanding service and today my watch band + battery in 20 minutes! These guys are great!
1	Went there to get my stone on my wedding band replaced. They said they didn't have the stone on stock that it had to be ordered that it would be done in 3 days.  So I told them I well give them a week done I don't live in the area. Lady says it will definitely be done by then.  Went there today to pick up my ring and the lady couldn't find it. Why? Because they never fixed it because the stone didn't come in.  I have them an entire week and she said it would be done. I don't even live near that mall. Jeweler wanted to replace the done with a round cut when that's not even the shape of my diamond it's a princess cut. Manager was nice enough to apologize but add for his staff I wouldn't trust them. So I wouldn't recommend taking your jewelry there especially if you have to leave it and come back another day. Staff had POOR COMMUNICATION!
