4	Formerly the Palazzo's sportsbook, Lagasse's Stadium opened this week just in time for college football madness. I'm giving a bit of leniency to this review because despite them being open for only three days, and the fact that they were PACKED from Labor Day weekend + college football openers, both the service and food were pretty much decent.Let's start with the much vaunted "Stadium Seating" which my wife and I reserved for the USC-SJSU game. It's just as comfy as it looks, but then again I only sat there for 30 seconds before the server told us that game would NOT be on the big screen, despite the host telling us otherwise. We were moved to a semi-private sky box which is more or less an epic living room, with sofas, tables, and multiple flatscreens. Thankfully the entire room was stuffed with SC fans so it was like a big party. I think the only complaint about the seating is that it's maybe TOO lounge-y. You're pretty much forced to sit way back in the couch and put your feet up. I think having recliner-type seating would have been a better idea. Also, all the couches are white fabric. How they plan on keeping them clean is beyond me.Also, this type of seating structure is kind of a logistical nighmare, because there's no set number of seats. If someone's sprawled out on a couch there's not much you can do about it. Anyone looking to sit in these rooms is at the mercy of the occupants' hospitality.Beer selection is laughable - of the 5 beers on tap, only 2 were not American macrobrew piss (Newcastle and Shock Top) -- and they were out of Shock Top. There's a big selection of bottled brews, but come ON, there's no reason to not have 15-20 draft beers. On the plus side, a pint of Newcastle was only $5 which is a friggin' BARGAIN by Vegas standards.Oh, and get this - beer is NOT OFFERED IN PITCHERS. (I can hear the "WHA-A-A-T?!" from here). What makes this even more odd is that they offer their DRINKS in pitcher form. Want a pitcher of margaritas or bloody marys? No problem! Pitcher of suds? No can do, sorry. I'd like tete-a-tete with the manager who thought that was a good idea and see if he is, in fact, mentally retarded.Finally, the food. This is truly what I'd consider a "mixed bag." I'm not sure if it was from the kitchen being overwhelmed, or another case of a celebrity chef's marketing team stamping his fat face on a franchise without bothering to actually, you know, consult him in regards to the menu.1) Sausage arancini. These were tasty, if slightly lacking in the sausage department. Also, someone needs to tell the kitchen that "arancini" means "small oranges," a descriptor of the suggested size of these fried risotto balls. I'm guessing they ran out of oranges for comparison, these are more like "testicle-cini." Don't expect authentic Italian -- the Sicilian couple next to us weren't too happy about their order. 2) Pizza. This shit sucks. Whether it's the nature of the dish or the kitchen working the kinks out, it's something I won't order again. It arrived with the cheese congealed, the underside mushy, and the crust limp. We sent it back after one bite.3) Chili cheese fries. Good but not mind-blowing. Also, small portion compared to the huge basket of fries that arrive sans-chili. The chili is decently meaty (purists: contains beans, beware) and ample.I do wish we had ordered the ribs. They looked and smelled amazing. On the whole, the Stadium needs some menu tweaking, but the unique seating arrangement is a great way to watch a game, especially if you're in a room with a bunch of like-minded fans.
5	AMAZING place!I have been all over the country and watched games everywhere and this is by far the best place to watch a game!Brand new, only opened a few weeks ago and very pack for the early games, but it was not too pack to watch the Colts crush the Cardinals on the Sunday night game.A few warnings, if you want to seat in the "Stadium" as they call it, then you need a reservation (we were OK for the night game, but for the 10 am and 1 pm game you do need to reserve). Those are more like a couch that a seat, with pillows and foot rest!Also, the Stadium as a minimum of $50 food and drinks per person, and it is a lot harder to reach that you think! The food is really not expensive for being Vegas.we did not even make it to $200 for all 4 of us (but they let it slide)Buckets of domestic beers are $30 and they have food options from 8 to 29 bucksWe had salads, Nachos, Pizza, Crab, Artichoke dip and Open face Ahi Tuna sandwich!Everything was really good, and the girls had cake and they loved it.Our hostess up front was Tony and she was great helping us and giving us an amazing stadium seating, our waitress is Stacy and was was really good, very attentive and always smiling!In conclusion, I will not watch a game in Vegas, anywhere else, this place is the bomb!!and if you do not want to $50 for the "Stadium" sitting, they have many other options, such as bar seating and regular table sitting, but for the experience, do try to get the "Stadium" seating!
4	Went here on a Sunday to watch NFL football with a group of 7.  We had a friend get there early to reserve some seats for us.  Even though he got there 3 hours before the 10am game time, all of the stadium style seating had already been reserved!  NOTE:  GET THERE EARLY or you will most likely be standing.  Luckily he was able to grab an outdoor section for us.  There are about 8 outdoor sections - each with their own TV (you can pick which game to watch) and a bunch of couches.  Only bad thing is there is only one audio feed to the outside sections, meaning whatever game is being played on the big screen inside (stadium seating section) is what will be played outside. Overall a very fun atmosphere - it was VERY busy.  The food was mediocre.  I tried the wings, a chicken avocado wrap, nachos, and onion rings.  Typical bar food.  In my opinion - I think Emeril forgot the BAM factor here.  The service was SUPER slow but understandably so since it was absolutely packed.  Here's a tip, if you bet on the games, you get complimentary drink tickets.  We didn't pay for one drink there - guess it's their way of saying thank you for losing all of your money in the Sportsbook. lol.  However bad the food/service was, the atmosphere made up for it.  Overall a fun experience.
4	We went here to watch college football on a Saturday.   We had no reservations and just checked in with the hostess when we got there to see what was available.  I think this is probably OK to do on Saturdays for college football but I wouldn't try it on a Sunday.  We attempted to go back on Sunday for pro games and it was very crowded and we would not have been able to get a seat.  I think you either have to make a reservation, get a casino host to make a reservation for you, or get there pretty early to get seats for pro football.The hostess explained that our options were a loveseat-style sofa/bed in the stadium area, which required a $50 per person spend per game, or these other sofa seats in a different section which required a $25 per person spend per game.  We were leaning toward the $25 area but we decided to do the $50 instead to get the stadium seating and the giant screen.Having just eaten brunch before we got there, we knew we'd be spending our $50 each almost exclusively on drinks.  Therefore, we ordered them up and got them coming.  I think I drank my weight in vodka.  Anyhow, I had a LOT to drink and maybe my only complaint (???) is that the drinks are too cheap!  I ordered five vodka drinks and a soda and I was not at my $50 yet.  The bloody marys are big and are $10 - based on other places in Palazzo/Venetian, I was expecting them to cost anywhere from $12-$14.  My friend ordered a bucket of beer plus two extra beers, and chicken wings, and he was not at his $50 yet.  Our server was very nice and told us that we didn't have to leave after the game we'd agreed to and as long as we kept ordering stuff, she wouldn't make us do another $50 spend.  We stayed a bit longer but not too long and when we closed out, we were still not at $100.  But, they very nicely only charged us for what we had plus tax, and the total was $100 and some change.  I thought that was great.  The service was very good overall - we had at least three servers always popping by to see if we needed anything else.  Everyone was really friendly.  The big screen and the surrounding little screens are great, too, and the sports book is right down front so it's easy to get your bets in.They also have an outdoor area with lots of TVs and comfy seats, which is kind of rare for the Strip and for a sports book.  It's nice out there.I'd go again but would make sure to get there early to get a nice seat and also not eat before going so that I could more easily reach my minimum spend.  They also have video poker seating in the way back, which was a nice little break for me, and the women's bathrooms are very large, nice and never crowded.
3	This review is for the outside seating area since it was too nice a day to sit inside.  I have a hard time believing that Emeril himself came up with the menu here, as it's just regular bar food, and nothing special. They roped us in with the zillions of ads they had in the Palazzo advertising $5 apps during happy hour and cheap buckets of beer.  Well we were in a hurry to get something quick before the Phantom, so we didn't do the buckets, but asked for a happy hour app menu.  There were like two things to choose from, and it sounded like they were tiny portions.  So, as I'm sure most people end up doing, we just ordered from the regular menu anyway.  We had the bbq pork nachos, which I didn't really enjoy at all.  The bbq sauce was much too sweet and didn't go with the rest of the ingredients.  I would have liked the nachos and pork separately, but I just didn't think they paired very well.I liked that they had a pool table or two outside, but like I said, I can't comment on the inside.  My guess is the real appeal of this place is watching a game with your buddies, not the food.  I just don't understand why they had to slap Emeril's name on it.
1	Went there the other night to watch the Yankees-Angels playoff game. Sat at an open small table. It was like I was invisible. I waited 15 minutes with people constantly flying by until a waiter actually made eye contact. Ordered a beer and waited another fifteen minutes for a menu... still no beer. It wasn't until I expressed my disatisfaction with the waiter that I finally received my beer. THE PLACE WAS NOT THAT BUSY. Tried to get my bill after my beer and lousy artichoke dip and finally gave up leaving a $10 bill on the table.
2	This should have no stars for no beer pitchers.  What a travesty.  We came here to watch the Yankees playoff game, and we got a seat in the front away from the stadium seating.  We inquired about that for Sunday football, but there was a minimum per person per hour.  That's some ESPN Zone crap! While we are pro drinkers, we couldn't justify it.  My friend had the barbecue sandwich which was too sweet for my NC vinegar-based palate.  I wasn't that hungry, so I got the Italian Sausage Arancini.  They were very good, especially dunked in the marinara.
5	Great food and cool vibe.
3	Last day in town and the Giants were playing... Everyone was sporting team shirts all over the casinos. My sister made a reservation for us here. When we arrived at our time, the group that was in our area got the privilege of staying till their game was over so we had to wait about 20 minutes. The place was a sports watcher's dream. Huge TVs and lounge furniture. The staff was friendly. My brother-in-law was placing bets and they gave him a bunch of comp drink tickets. *Note: my sister made the reservation through opentable.com. They called her the day before to confirm the reservation and told her there was a $50 min food/drink fee per person. This info is not on line. After calling them back they lowered it to $25, much more reasonable.
4	Ok, so the room is the best room in Vegas to watch the games from.  Some people may complain about the minimum spend on the food.  Get over it people, you want a free place to watch the game, go down to the Imperial Palace.  One big advantage of Lagasse's Stadium over the other sports books in Vegas is the speed of the drink service.  I never had to wait for a drink.  They were very attentive and on top of the drink service, even when using drink tokens.  At Mandalay Bay you'd see the waitress once in the first half and once in the second half, if you were lucky.On to the food... The early morning menu is something I had a big problem with.  C'mon Emeril, you can do better than a hangover scramble and donut holes.  I tried the hangover special, the eggs were brutally over cooked, the sausage had no flavor and I couldn't find the potatoes in there.  The BAM was missing.  So Emeril, I know you're not a west coaster, so you probably don't get that we have to wake up crazy early on a Sunday morning for football, so some more variety and quality in the breakfast menu would be in order please.  I also got to try the wings... holy moly macaroni!  Killer wings, the right amount of heat and nicely balanced with a very creamy blue chesse sauce like you'd expect from Emeril.  Now I feel like I am eating at Emeril's.  The French Dip was the other menu item I got to try.  Wonderfully done sandwich with a flavorful Au Jus.  I did expect a little more from the french fries.  These were Burger King quality fries and that is not a compliment.So to sum it up, a five star venue, great drink service and hit and miss food.  Kick it up a notch Emeril and make the rest of the offerings match the wings and the french dip and you'll have 5 stars.
5	My overall experience here was very good. It was back in the beginning of Oct. We tried to make reservations over the phone before we went out to Vegas but they were so unorganized when it first opened as Lagasse's. Not sure why but we practically got shut out for MNF.  It worked out though. There's really not a bad seat in the house. Well, originally the attendant at the door ( a very rude girl that was very UNaccomodating) tried to seat us in this long skinny bed sort of thingie. My husband alone may not have fit on it and she thought we were both going to squeeze onto that. Ummm....no. Luckily we managed to get a super nice waitress to help find us a booth. We ended up sitting on the side opposite of the stadium seating side. It was cheaper, $25 pp and actually comfy and cool on that side. We had our own private flat screen TV as with most of the booths there. Our waitress was probably one of the best waitresses/attendants I have ever had anywhere. She was so sweet and came around often. We loved our food. We had the pork nachos and those were insanely good. I don't remember what else we had but it was all yummy. My husband had the vanilla milkshake with warm cookies and he said they were delicious. We won our football bets, cashed them in right there after the game...I would say the night was a success. Can't wait to watch another sporting event here soon. Oh, also, there's rooms inside this place with blackjack and craps tables. What more could you ask for?
4	I was here with six other guys to watch the early games on Sunday. Finally checking out the place formerly known as just "The Sportsbook" which was formerly known as the 40/40 Club. We reserved one of the tables along the outside of the stadium seating. The whole place is impressive... large screen TVs everywhere... oversized comfy couches. Each reserved area has it's own TV, which was great for us because we wanted to watch the Skins-Falcons game, which most people probably didn't care about unless they had money on it. One negative about this place is that the only audio they pipe in is the feed from the game on the main screen. It would be nice if each table had it's own separate audio system since they're somewhat secluded.The place is a lot bigger than it looks when you first walk in from inside the Palazzo. If you walk past the tables and stadium seating and down the hall you'll see some video poker machines to the left and some luxury suites/sky boxes, which are even more secluded. They've got their own video games and billiard tables. There's a lower level with tables (mostly 4-tops I think) for folks to eat. Outside they've got more couches, patio seating and billiard tables. The sports book is located at the base of the stadium seating.The food was disappointing. It was mainly standard bar food that tasted average at best. They have one breakfast item for people who get there early. It was a tortilla bowl with all kinds of breakfast crap thrown in (eggs, sausage, bacon, etc.). It didn't look appetizing to me but one of my friends ate the whole thing. Their lunch menu is available starting at 10am. We tried the crab cakes, 2 different types of pizza, onion rings, fries, chicken wraps, wings, and cheesecake. The crab cakes had a frozen-food/grocery store quality to them -- shredded bits of crab mixed with lots of filler. And they were shaped exactly like hockey pucks. I was expecting to see the NHL logo on them. Pizzas were average. Wraps were average. Wings were average. Onion rings and fries may have been the best stuff there. The cheesecake wasn't bad either. As other reviews have mentioned, they don't have pitchers of beer. But you can get a bucket of five and the sixth one was free. Their beer selection is fairly limited, but have standard stuff like Corona and some lesser known stuff like Fat Tire (which I love).Prices are very reasonable. $6-7 for each bottle of beer. Appetizers for around the same price. Entrees ranged from $12- 20+. We were told that there was a $50 min/per person for our area, but after reading some of the other reviews it sounds like others were told it was a $25 minimum. And, as others have stated it's a lot tougher to meet that minimum than you would think because everything is so moderately priced. In the end, we were only charged for what we ordered (not all of us met the $50 min) and the waitress said that they only tell people about the minimums so people won't reserve tables and only order water and one appetizer. The service was decent. The place was packed for all the NFL action, so our waitress was running around and seemed a little overwhelmed.Overall, it's a great place to catch a game. Especially if it's playing on the main screen. They get high marks for atmosphere but the food needs to improve.
3	The inside is very nice, and if you make reservations in the main lounge area, it's awesome! Huge plasma tv's all around and nice comfortable seating in a stadium seating set-up.The food isn't great. I had the Grilled Avocado Chicken Wrap. It was dry and chicken was kind of tough. No one else in my party really like their food either.Also, it is sub below zero inside. My sister-in-law and I were freezing! The hostess was nice and actually brought us a blanket. Yes, a blanket, inside a sports bar/restaurant.Overall, the ambiance is very nice but don't come here if you're (a) you're starving (as I was); or (b) looking for good food. More for beer (strip prices) and games.
4	Great place to watch the football game. My friend and I arrived around 4pm for the Sunday night game. We didn't have a reservation, but there was an open lounge that we both fit on, so we were able to sit in the stadium area. It was the perfect way to end a weekend in Vegas -- feet up, big screen TV, and beers delivered at regular intervals. A coupla minuses - there are no speakers around the room, so you don't get any sound in stereo; I"m nost sure how they pick the game that's on the big screen. It seemed like there were a lot of Charger fans there, but they were showing the Dallas game. The staff is very friendly too.
4	We were in Vegas for a long weekend before Thanksgiving with a group of 8 other friends. This was my husband's and I fifth time to Vegas this year and we always stay at the Venetian. This was also one of our friend's first time to Sin City. I had done some online research for places to go that did specials or happy hour. Lagasse's Stadium which used to be Jay-Z's old club 40/40 Club showed a happy hour special(M-F 3-7pm): $15 bucket of domestic beer (6 bottles), $20 cocktail pitchers and $5 apps. So we planned on hitting the happy hour Friday night before the Portland Trailblazer game. We showed up with a party of 8 and they put us in a sky box. We decided to order a bucket of beers and a pitcher of margaritas. The super cute cocktail waitress told us our bucket of beer options (bud light, coors light and Sierra Nevada). Sierra Nevada!? Really??? We couldn't believe that was one of the options! The cocktail waitress said they worked out some kind of deal with Sierra Nevada. Jackpot! We decided to order two buckets. The options for the cocktail pitchers (margarita, cosmos and long islands) we decided to go with margaritas.  The $5 app selection was pretty slim (mini chili dogs, artichoke dip and potato skins) and as the waitress explained pretty small. We tried one of each any way! The apps were small, but overall ok. We also ordered the pork nachos (not so great) and my husband ordered the chicken avocado wrap and thought it was just average. We had to send back the pitcher of margaritas, everyone agreed that something was wrong. The waitress had no problem sending it back and brought us back a pitcher of long islands. She said the bartender did admit to something being wrong with the margarita. The Long Islands were great! Our group of booze hounds ended up ordering another pitcher of Long Islands as well as two more buckets of Sierra Nevada! For pure boozing, sports watching and cute cocktail waitresses, our group fell in love with Lagasse's Stadium. The bar food is average, we saw some of the dinner entrees come out (roasted chicken and BBQ ribs) and the portions were HUGE! We went to Lagasse's Stadium that Sunday for NFL Football as well as Monday for MNF. We loved the fact we could place our sports bets there and get free drink tickets and we even played with the handheld pocket casinos, which was a Blast!Can't wait to get back to Vegas and get some bets in at Lagasse's!!!
3	I love the LOOK and the idea of this spot.  However, the execution leaves something to be desired.  Several of he times were pre-made, so that you can't have them leave out an item you don't like or are allergic to.  BOOOOOO.  We had a TERRIBLE waitress.  When we checked into our hotel room there was a flier for a free appetizer with a certain amount of food/booze purchase.  We gave that to her, but she didn't bring out the appetizer until after our main meals had come out and we asked about it.  She said most people don't really want the appetizer, and I'm thinking, why would I hand it to you if I didn't want the appetizer??????????Ultimately we spoke with a manager who comped us several free drinks and our entire meal and put us in better seats to enjoy the freebies.  Well played management, you avoided getting a one star review.  I would be willing to try it again, maybe during March Madness.
4	I've been here twice for big football games. First was Auburn vs. Alabama (aka the Iron Bowl!) and then last week at the SEC Championship Game. I despise the University of Alabama, but I won't let that tarnish my review of this great sports bar. This place is very unique, nicely styled, and in my opinion the best smoke-free place to catch the big game! Beware that this is not the place to catch obscure games you might normally find at a sports bar. This place serves as the viewing area for the Palazzo's sports book. Because of this, what plays on the screens is dictated by the amount of money bet on a given game. That makes it perfect for catching the big game, but not so much if you want to see something that isn't the focus of betting for the weekend. If you want that, reserve a table because most of them have their own TVs. Overall, the food seems very generic. We shared several appetizers. The wings were basic, the Chicken Nachos were disappointing. I did enjoy the pretzels and my huge Caesar salad though.TIPS! - Make sure you reserve a seat in the "stadium area" a week or so in advance, especially if it is a big game.- I don't know if they do this all of the time, but at least for big games they have a $50 minimum, which isn't really hard to meet. - The pretzel appetizer is delicious! The Caesar salad was awesome. Pair it with their margarita pitcher for extra deliciousness and that should make your $50 minimum!Emeril did a great job creating this unique take on the Vegas sports book/sports bar!
4	To start I have to tell you that we were here during an off time.  A Tuesday afternoon with no major sporting events happening other than horseracing.  I'd say the place was only 1/10 full.That said, we had a good time.  Our server was really nice and we enjoyed our stadium seats and watching a sports talk show.  Food was pretty good for sports bar food: EXCELLENT grilled asparus, yummy onion rings.  Sis had a roll up sandwich and I had a really good salmon tartare dish.  MMM.  It was fun to hang out on the sofas and watch the guy next to us betting on the horses.  I would definitely come back during a major sports event.  The four stars are considering this is a sports bar, not as a normal restaurant.
4	I honestly don't think I would have come here, since I am not a big sports fan, if it weren't free.  When I received a promo from Venetian/Palazzo for a prix fixe meal for 2 plus 4 complimentary nights, I gladly made a reservation.  I was in town for a video poker tournament at another casino anyway.   When I first walked in, I was shocked how many LCD TV's there were.  But I guess there are a lot of games going on and they try to cater to all different fans.Our meal was as followed:Appetizer - Crab, Spinach, and Artichoke Dip. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KPV_FVNWkgmYh1ArVlt6kg?select=hOjEi0VyUZ7FFhyfVFy-Yg This was creamy and yet light.  I really liked it.  Instead of tortilla chips, you get flat bread chips which were really salty.  I had to scrape the salt off.  I also wished there were more of these 'chips' to dip.Entrees:  Slow Roasted Half Chicken and BBQ Babyback Ribs.  The Roasted Chicken (1/2 of a whole chicken!) was really good.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KPV_FVNWkgmYh1ArVlt6kg?select=BapWJm8u8y_oS0UggdlxRw The skin was crispy and the meat so tender.  A solid 5-star.  The BBQ Babyback Ribs (1/2 of rack) didn't impress me.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KPV_FVNWkgmYh1ArVlt6kg?select=0mlDo5eLLf-COu3nUs4BFQ They were meaty but not fall-off-the-bone tender.  This got 3-star. Dessert - Double Chocolate Cupcake. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KPV_FVNWkgmYh1ArVlt6kg?select=q0n-4xKt-WwZd_Jt8TPuCA  This was sooooo rich but oh so good!  A very nice way to end our meal.  We were stuffed!   Service was friendly but I felt it was slow specially since it wasn't even busy.  I checked the prices and thought they were reasonable for the quality/quantity of food at the Palazzo.Will I come back if I have to pay?  Yeah, I think so.  ;-)
2	TOOOOT TOOOT. That's the sound of the fail boat setting into harbor. This place is really nice looking, with stadium seating and TV screens. But in the end, it's not a sports book. It's a TGIF trying to be a sports book. The food was pretty mediocre, and the selection of sports was limited. It was billed as a sports book type of thing, and really it's just a glorified sports bar with nice seats.If you go, get stadium seating and expect to be underwhelmed.
5	GREAT environment to watch and bet on the game (whichever one that may be).  Very plush, outstanding food (although, be advised there is a $50.00 minimum per person there so consider that when going). We  saw a Sunday late game so we had the advantage of the whole GIANT screen being devoted to our game. I recommend the BBQ shrimp, the pretzels and beer cheese and the pizzas.
4	The food=very good. The beer=very good. The service=very good. The game watching options=Great! Come alone or with a group and enjoy!
5	This place is large and in charge equipped with like 10+ big screen plus one HUGE one in the center. The environment to this joint is real chill and has a great lounge feeling to it(sofa loungers and L sharped couches). The price of drinks are pretty moderate given the amount alcohol they provide you with, it's a steal! Highly recommended in my book!
4	I loved sitting back and putting my feet up as I watched the Orange Bowl.  We were only in Vegas for two nights but we liked Lagasse's Stadium so much that we went there both nights.  The seating is so comfy and with all the tv's you won't miss any sporting events.  The food and drinks were also great.  I recommend the Mulligan (a pitcher is a great value) and the Acadian Caprese Salad.  The Mulligan is a rum-based pomegranate cocktail that isn't too strong so you can sip several and not feel like a lush.  The salad took the basic tomato, fresh mozzarella and basil to a HO. NUVA. LEVO! The crispy panchetta and shrimp are just genius.  This place is on my "Must Visit" list for all future visits to Las Vegas.
4	The place was new, clean, and comfortable.  Good amount of memorabilia without being overloaded.  The lighting was good.  The flatscreens in the clubhouse area could have been bigger but it's good enough.The staff was friendly with the exception of an assistant server.  Our waitress was great but that assistant looked like she didn't want to be there and had no clue.  The food was good and had good value.  Before going, I thought that we may get small foo-foo portions for alot of $$$ but I was pleasantly surprised.  The best part was there was a sports book right inside the facility.  I would recommend.
4	I ate here with a coupon for a pre-fix meal.  One appetizer, an entree and a dessert for 15 bucks is right up my alley.  (I'm cheap, and totally OK with that.)  I went here about 2:30 in the afternoon and the place was pretty dead.  I think there were two other groups dining at the time.  So I can't say for certain the service is always going to be so attentive like it was for me, but it was nice to be checked on every ten minutes.     We started off with the stadium salad, I didn't get a chance to read the discription for it, but did see the word tomatoes on the menu.  What we got did not look like any salad I'd ever seen, and no tomatoes.  Spinich, walnuts, blue cheese, and some kind of dried fruit were underneath the best thing I've ever seen on a salad; onion rings.  It looked like vomit, but tasted like heaven.       I had the half roasted chicken, and it was decent.  It looked a bit under-cooked, and later my stomach confirmed that it was.  That aside, the dessert was good.  I had the cupcake and my husband had the cheesecake.  I liked his better because it wasn't as dry.  I would go back to eat here again, but probably wouldn't eat the chicken again.  Loved the TVs all over, and when they changed the sound from a soccer game to a basketball game, someone came over to change the channel of the TV near our table to basketball.  Pretty good service.
2	Hmmm, what to say. The atmosphere and decor has not changed in all different versions of the Sportsbook at Palazzo. But here is my issue, a fricken' giant nachos plate but what do you get for $15 on the BBQ Shrimp plate? Three shrimp. What the heck? They weren't even the most amazing shrimp appetizer I've ever had. I hope that these kind of discrepancies are worked out and this could be a cool place to hang when you want to catch a game in Vegas.
4	As far as Sports Books go its very upscale but extremely friendly to both genders. Plenty of screens, several different areas for viewing besides the main stadium, and plenty of comfy seating. And for the big ballers they even have luxury boxes. But Yelp is all about the food and this place comes through like its name. Its classic Emeril with several items on the menu from his restaurants but he also put traditional bar food items on the menu like nachos, pizza, and buffalo wings. It is the Palazzo not Hooters so don't be surprised with the prices for these items. But like always Emeril's food is on point. We sat at the bar and were a little disappointed because the bar stools were affixed and couldn't sit close to each other. We had the Grilled Beef Rid Eye with horse radish cream and mash potatoes, and the Acadian Caprese salad which came with lightly battered shrimp. On a side note what is up with Emeril and his Stinginess with Shrimp. The salad only had two and and the famous BBQ was seriously weak for 15 bones even though its the Palazzo. Please its only shrimp!!!!!!!!!!!! The rib eye was seasoned and cooked(medium) just right and the salad was very tasty. I will be going back to see his take on traditional bar food, but overall if you don't mind dropping cabbage on a good meal with your lady and good service and atmosphere then you won't be disappointed with Lagasse's Stadium and she won't be either.
4	So your in Vegas trying to convince your poor boyfriend to take you to see yet another Cirque Du Soleil show, and then maybe make him pay exorbident cover charges to watch you get hit on by college kids while he buys you overpriced girl-tini's at tryst. You could be selfish and say "oh well thats his job" or you could offer up a nice little "spend a night drinking chocotinis with me at tryst, and I'll spend a day with you at Lagasse's stadium, watching sports, drinking beer and eating nachos, deal?"  If you think he's a keeper make the deal, you'll earn a ton of girlie brownie points!Lagasses stadium is very friendly to even the most nonsports fans. This is  from someone who considers Superbowl Sunday just a day to show off her super crispy yet nice n saucy hot wing cooking skills........The set up reminded me of giant living room, a giant living room in your most well off friends house mind you, but definitely still a cozy living room where you can comfortably nod off on a huge overstuffed couch while your other but not neccesarily better half gets his sports fix in.The food was typical bar food "kicked up a notch" ala Emeril. Ahi tuna melts, shrimp salad sammies, grilled ribeye and horseradish mashed potatoes..... They probably need to bring him back to clean up the menu and the cooking a little, I liked the food, but for the price I thought they could have done a little better. My shrimp salad only had two shrimp......In the end I couldnt be mad about it though as this place still beats sitting in any of the other dark, dingy, smokey sports books around town by a long shot! Take my word for it, or since your in Vegas- bet on it!
4	Cool environment for sports fans. Good food, the ribs were excellent.
3	Came for lunch and though we arent sports people-  Special Pre-Fixe Course was available for Venetian Team Members and it was a good value price, cant use it after this..so why not?. This is pretty nice for a sports bar/restaurant/sportsbook. I like that they have stadium like seating in front of the bigger screens and comfy couches instead of a bench. Pretty big place too and crazy amount of TV's. In the dining room it was like 1 TV to each table. Food okay, but it caters more to being a comfortable spot to watch some HD sports. We get a limited choice for each course, but these are our picks.Both of us got Italian Sausage Arancinis appetizer- pieces of sausage and risotto rolled into a ball and fried, served with marinara. Pretty good- kinda has a crunchy "hash brown crisp" to the outside, simple white wine risotto, sausage was sparse though....I was thinking it was going to feature more sausage than tiny dots in the rice....still it was a good nosh type food. Mains- half rack of ribs served with jalapeno cornbread and grouper fish and chips. Rack was soft meat, but it wasn't as smoky/seasoned as I liked, but decent. Definitely better meat quality than going to like a usual chain like a Chilis, but about as much flavor effort (salt pepper ribs later dunked in sauce to serve it...where's the Emril Creole Dry Rub? ), nothing too memorable, a filling portion though. Cornbread needed more butter, it wasnt too dry but it was on that cusp where it coulda done wonders to have a smidgeon of it. Jalapeno flakes were seen, but no spice nor flavor was added from it being there- I just tasted the sweet corn flavor. Fish was panko flaked crusted and drizzled with malt vinegar reduction and came with a lemon tartar sauce- this was fresh fish, and the sauces were nice on it. Came with waffle cut fries, crispy but pretty standard waffle fries....I love waffle fries more than regular ones so this kinda made me happy. For ketchup they gave me a cute individual baby Heinz bottle. Dessert- Chocolate Cupcake with cream cheese frosting and a Cheesecake with fruits.  Server said that people come for the cupcake. Wasn't even a cupcake at all- it was a dense chocolate cake that looked like it was baked in a large dessert/souffle ramekin...it was served warm so more like a molten lava cake without the molten.  Cream cheese frosting is supposed to be dense, this was a cross of like if they put buttercream and cream cheese flavoring together and they just put a smidge of it on top the big cake and served with raspberries.Meh, I ran out of "frosting" and fruits before I can take much bites out of this and it's just too dense on it's own. I'm sure for some people they love this kind of thing, but the dense chocolate cakes are not for me. Cheesecake was pretty standard New York style- good but nothing special. Service- it was alright with filling drinks and such consistently through our meal, but then at the end we were held hostage waiting to get our server to notice us so we can ask for the check. Yeah he got busy with a few tables that just got in, but prioritize! People just arrived and wont be pissy if you let them "browse the menu" for a while longer than make people sit there for 10 minutes doing nothing, wanting to leave. I couldn't get his attention either...when I'm done I'm pretty obvious- I look in the servers direction and when I'm hostage I even turn my body to the side towards the server, away from my food.I'm sure this is nice for sports fans to gather, but just okay foods that wont bring back a non sports person like me back. Yeah we got a employee deal, but even with that- eh, rather go for another restaurants Venetian employee deal. I'll give them 3 normally but maybe bump to 3.5 stars simply because we got a really good deal on the 3 courses.
5	Loooove this place ! The hubby is in avid sports better, so we've certainly toured just about every sports book in Vegas and I have to say this is the mother of all books. This place is 1/4 restaurant, 1/4 lounge and 1/2 sports book. You can hang out here on comfy sectionals order food, drink beer, chow on great food and watch sports to your heart's content. The menu is basically upscale pub fare, with new twists on comfort foods- delish! I found the prices super reasonable for having the Lagasse brand name on the place- averaging between $8-$30 an item. You can get lost in this place for hours!
4	We were looking for a place to eat outside on a beautiful February day in the desert and as we were walking to the Wynn, we spotted Lagasse's Stadium.  We didn't go immediately, but postponed our trip until after we went to the luxury hotel and casino (and we did "Wynn" some money!). We waited a few minutes on some lush couches before being seated at an outdoor table.  Most everything on the menu looked good and I wanted to order a shrimp dish, however, when the waitress asked if I wanted a salad to go with it, as there were only three shrimp in the whole dish, I ordered a pulled pork salad.  I liked the fact that she was honest.  Plus, the shrimp dish was like $15 and the salad was less expensive.  My husband had some kind of wrap with sweet potato fries.  The salad was kind of small, but since I had indulged in a few buffets already, that was probably a good thing.  The restaurant was really cool inside and the bathrooms were very sleek and modern.  This would have been a great place to watch a sporting event, with all the comfortable seating and huge TV's.
4	This is how a sports bar should be run. Lots of TVs all over the place, including a 10 (15?) foot screen in the main stadium seating area. I didn't sit there because I was there to watch a hockey game (Coyotes at Red Wings) and they said that they were going to put the Celtics game on the big screen. Instead, I sat at a table and had my own TV that they put the game on. Lots of the 4-top tables in the dining area have their own TVs and they're happy to put on your game. They ran the audio for my game almost the whole way thru, eventually changing over to the Celtics game.Food: I had a french dip sandwich which was killer (with great fries), and their hot wings which were meh. Drinks: I drank Stellas, and my buddy had a martini, which he said was good (not great).Service: my first waiter was rather inattentive, and when they brought my french dip, I asked the food runner to bring me mayo for my fries, which didn't appear til too late. I got a new waitress part way thru my visit and she was much better. The only reason I'm yanking one star is because it was friggin freezing in there. Cold like a meat locker. This place kicked ass. I WILL be back here (when I'm back in Vegas)Edit on 23Apr: I ordered wings from Pizza Hut (of all places) and they were a billion times better than the wings here.
1	I've been to my fair share of places to watch sports.  As they were advertising a NFL Draft Special, we decided to reserve a place in their stadium seating to watch the draft.  Huge TV, couches, and beforehand they were going to have a round-table discussion with some former and current NFL players (Joey Porter, AJ Feeley, etc).  Sound perfect, right?Wrong. Everything was good up until about pick #20 and they were well on their way to a 4 star rating.  Food was OK, service was good. we were enjoying ourselves.  Then the Lakers-Thunder game started and they switched over the big screen and the sound to basketball.  Apparently, the sportsbook controls what the TVs show and we were told that they wanted something you could bet on to be on the big screen.  So basically you have a room full of people who came to watch the draft now missing the end of it and forced to watch the first quarter of a boring first round Game 3.  Seriously Lagasse, why advertise a "NFL Draft Viewing Party" and then turn it off three quarters of the way through?  I didnt come here to watch it on a tiny TV with no sound.  Not cool.
4	When I'm in Vegas I usually don't go to sports bars but I saw this on Yelp and It sounded like a place to check out and watch the Lakers playoff game. I went with a friend who's a sports fanatic. This place is pretty awesome -there's not a bad seat in the whole place. We found a sofa and a set of chairs with a 55" flat screen. It was within steps of the patio where you enjoy a cigar, play pool and watch your favorite sporting event. The food - Buffalo hot wings for starters with celery, carrots and ranch dressing - crispy, buttery and just the right flavor.Fish and Chips - Guinness beer panko crusted grouper and crisp cut fries, very good some of the best fish and chips I've ever tasted. Service: on the spot. Our bartender was always checking on us and kept the Amstel Lights flowing.I will definitely be back, This place is great to hang out! Just a note there's happy hour called Lagasse's Tailgate from 4 to 7 pm Monday thru Friday:  http://www.emerils.com/restaurant/18/Lagasses-Stadium/
3	I love saying steak bamwich.  I like saying, "I'll have a steak bamwich and ahhh steak bamwich," a la Fletch.  I did not love, quite as much, eating a steak bamwich.  They were too costly, for one, but luckily Suz and I were sharing.  And granted, I was slightly queasy after a long night of much dissipation, and a breakfast of two Pacificos and 4 oysters.  But some eager cook had gone "bam" one too many times with that beef; it was seasony-salted to oblivion.  Too bad, too, because the steak was very tender and could have been great.The chili cheese fries were pretty epic, though.  I'd get those again without reservation or hesitation.  And they serve bottles of Abita Turbo Dog, so that's cool.
4	For sure this is my favorite place we stopped at during our vacation in Las Vegas. Perhaps it's because for the week or so previous, I had dined on a steady diet of fast food hamburgers or because I won $90 on the Yankees while there, but none the less it's an amazing sports bar/book. If you are a sports fan, you'll be doing yourself a grave disservice not stopping here. P.S. It's in the Palazzo
2	We went here to watch a Laker playoff game and enjoy dinner. The food was good but service sucked. After we got our food and one round of drinks our waiter disappeared. We had to take it upon ourselves to get our drinks at the bar. He could have easily racked up a much larger bill and tip had he been more attentive. I was very disappointed.
4	I'm not a fan of sports bars. It's usually dirty, crowded, filled rowdy guys, with mediocre food. Blech! BUT Legasse's is not your typical sports bar. There's flat screen TVs all over the walls, a ginormous projector with movie style seating (but with comfier chairs), lounge-like seating scattered throughout the restaurant (think of table/bottle service type of arrangement at clubs), and normal seating for people who want to just enjoy their food while watching the game.More than anything, I enjoyed the atmosphere. I loved how clean and classy everything was. (Yes, I just described a sports bar as classy.) For lunch we ordered a Burger, Nachos, and Tuna Poke Chips. The Burger was nothing special.. just like any other burger. The Nachos were ginormous... 3 people shared it and I swear it was not getting smaller. I didn't get to taste the Tuna Poke Chips, but I heard it was good. Honestly, the food is nothing to rave about. I wouldn't come here just for the food, but it's the perfect place to catch a game and a bite.
2	I went here with 18 guys to watch the Sharks game - unfortunately it started about 90 minutes after the Lakers game.  So we were shunted into a shitty table with terrible sightlines.  And the second the Sharks game ended, they turned up all the lights and tried to get us the fuck out of there.  We dropped almost $2000 here and we could barely get them to bring us menus even though, after a point, we were the only customers.  I like the concept, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired.
5	out of all the sportsbooks ive been to in vegas this is my favorite by far. its very big..alot of high def tvs that are big.  we were here for the usa vs england game last saturday and this place was going off. It was like i was in the stands..it was that intense.  Great deals on drinks and lunch speacials. also a fun place to watch ufc fights at. i went here sunday as well and got cranked off bloody marys. thank you lagasse!!  ill be back
5	One of the highlights of my most recent trip.  We all loved the atmosphere...stadium seating  with lots of TV's.  We were seated in the very back/top in an area with couches shaped in a U...neat little area.  We all loved the food...2 had a French dip, one had a burger, one had nachos, and one had the portobello sandwich.  I had the French dip, which was the best I've ever had.  I tasted the nachos and portobello sandwich as well...both were very good.  Prices were in the $15 range.  We also had a couple buckets of beer and I think it was around $150 for 5 of us...not bad at all.If you're looking for a laid back place to watch a game and have some good food, I highly recommend this place!
5	Best Sportsbook Ever!!! Enough said.
4	Loved this place in Vegas. The flat screens all over the place were great!! Our waitress/hostess was also very knowledgeable and friendly. the decor is great with the TVs, sports memorabilia and color choices were great. I hear this used to be the ghetto club 40/40. It does look like a tasteful nightclub, but the sports thing is great. Loved checking out the different lounge areas such as the stadium boxes (I'd love to rent those out for a game with friends and family), loved the lounges (there are many). the couches are really cool and gave this place a cool vibe for a sports bar. LOVED the food.... everything we ate: sausage/mozzarella balls, poke chips, baby back ribs and cheese bacon potatoes were great. Although the appetizers were a little on the small side, we savored every bite. The ribs were tender and meaty. The half rack which we shared had 8 ribs, so this was plenty for us. The avocado, onion and sesame oil on the tuna poke chips was terrific. Very fresh and tasty!!! We loved the side order of cheese potatoes with bacon. They also have a good selection of beer and alcohol. The service is also friendly and excellent. Loved the place and will be coming back when we are in Las Vegas.
1	Our expectation: has Emeril's name attached so the food, service, everything...must be outstanding!!The reality is.....The pros: * Looks pretty cool insideThe cons:* The food (very bland)* Service (our waitress was also our busser, bartender, server, etc...for this I blame management, NOT our server)* Price - very price for the quality of foodFinal note:* Definitely pass on this place, it's not worth the time or money.Suggestion for Emril:* Have you ever eaten here? When/if  you do, you'll wanna remove your name from it due to the above, i'm thinking. I would.
4	Great place to watch the game.  Lots of TVs.  Food was better than expected for a sports bar.   The pretzel appetizer was very good.  French dip sandwich also was high quailty.  Good service.
4	I like to make a habit of visiting Emeril's restaurants wherever I go. I stayed at the Palazzo so Lagasse's Stadium  was my first choice for lunch. I was surprised to see stadium (yes literally) seating inside the restaurant with a big screen. I thought everything was bigger in Texas, but this place put our sports bars to shame. There were TV's EVERYwhere. We even had our own TV (with remote) at our table. How cool is that?I thought the food was great, I ordered the French dip and my friend ordered the Reuben. The dip was better. :) The only thing negative I have to say is the service was a bit lacking. Don't get me wrong he was very friendly. He just took forever to get me a glass of water and how long does a sandwich take? Maybe that's the standard for Vegas? I seemed to get that everywhere.
3	The interior of this place passes the look test.  It's pretty nice.  Didn't even realize until later that it is affiliated with famed chef, Emeril.  Was awesome watching the game at the bar.  Did not sample the food, and drinks and bartenders pretty standard.  I give this place 4 stars in terms of the decor and look of the place.  Have to knock it down a bit because the hours were too short.  A sports bar that closes at 10 PM?  What's up with that?  There's still games going on.
3	Stopped by Lagasse's Stadium for lunch one day during my most recent trip.  My wife and I were still a little full from the previous night's dinner, so we decided to split some appetizers.  We ordered the chicken nachos and a basket of onion rings.  The order of nachos were huge but were nothing special.  I really liked the salsa, but other than that they were just typical nachos put together badly.  There were clumps of chicken all one side, all the onions were on the other side, and the cheese was kind of hard and not melted by  the time we got them.  The onion rings were very delicious though.The setting is very nice inside.  They have stadium style seating with comfortable couches.  There are plenty of TVs so you don't have to worry about missing any action of any game.  This place would be great for Sunday football.
3	Somewhere in the middle of three and four stars, but I'll round down since it's pretty pricey.  So while in Vegas, we had to cruise in to watch USC open the season in Hawaii and, of course, I had my CJ Gable jersey on!    That detail actually helped make the night pretty good.  You see, the Trojan Family sticks together.  Tons of people were giving us the Fight On greeting and one guy even gave us some drinks!  It's the best family to be a part of!On to the place...It looks awesome!  Tons of couches and chaise lounges set up stadium style in front of a MASSIVE screen on which to watch the main games.  The downside is that there is a 50 dollar food/drink minimum per person to sit there, as well as needing a reservation.  We chilled in the back at a table where there was no minimum.  Our waitress was super chill and personable.  Enjoyed the wings and the hot pretzel.  Someone else in our server's section got a free bucket of beers (totalling 6) because of some other mishap. He was alone and didn't finish them; two of those beers made their way into our bucket, courtesy of our server! =)  She also moved us down into the couch section later in the night as areas had cleared out.  She rocks.Food and drinks are pricey, as are the minimums, but it's a fun place and there are a million televisions.  There's also some pretty cool memorabilia on all the walls.
5	BAM ! If you like to drink and you want quick service. This is the place.Basically I never had to wait for a drink. It's like going to Denny's for breakfast ~ where  your coffee gets a refill every few minutes. Well here you wait every 5 - 10 minutes and instead of java you get booze refill. YIKES! now-that-is-dangerous.The atmosphere is noisy but chill. The couch seats are comfy, it's like being in a mini sports stadium and MAN OH MAN , there are LCD TVs all over the place, sports memorabilia, you name it. They offer upscale tail gate grub. I guess you are paying for the Lagasse trademark, but overall experience was a blast. It's like being in a Sports heaven ...surrounded by buffalo wings, HDTV's, alcohol, sports gambling ,waitress eye candy in short shorts . And since it's hot outside the premises they have the AC on full blast and if you happen to be cold, the waitresses offers you a blanket ...that's right a freakin' BLANKET. If you happen to be in Vegas and you love watching sports, you have to experience this place.
3	What happens if your neighborhood multiplex theater had sex with your upper middle class bedroom? Throw in a little gambling and you'd get Legasse's Stadium. I've never really seen anything like it, there are rows of descending sofas, huge screens to watch the game on, and while I'm not sure what Emeril has to do with sports, but apparently he cooks good beer food.I stopped by with a couple friends on the opening weekend of the NFL season. They placed their bets, we wandered around a bit, and left. Pretty casual, a little noisy, which actually pretty cool if you're into sports and gambling on sports. Which is why I'd say check it out, otherwise there's not much to see here. Move along.
5	This place sets the standard for sports bars including the bar food.  The buffalo wings, and bloody mary tomato soup are truly wonderful.  The BLT is out of this world but very filling.  I also love the creole shrimp, and cheeseburger sliders.  The food is first class all the way, and the waitresses are the best--better than any sports bar you will find.  It is worth the trip to Vegas just to go here!
4	I'd been in here once before and it was pretty crowded, as in nowhere to sit, so we left. I was reluctant to come back until my friend mentioned the special back rooms. What's so special about them you ask? Ha, the $50 minimum! Actually the prices here are so high that you'll have no problem spending $50 each so you might as well slip into the back room away from the crowds and drunk animals (sshhhhh, don't tell anyone about this, it will be our little secret). The rooms are first come first serve and even have their own bathrooms. The food: Wings - they taste like wings, nothing special The Nachos - We had four different nachos this weekend and this ranked 4th in the line up (they were okay) Crab Cakes - Not too shabby and they come with fried pickles on top! Fries - Really good Pretzels - Again, these taste like pretzels, nothing crazy A couple next to us had some sort of Po' Boy I kept looking at it hoping it would walk over and introduce itself to me but it didn't. Not sure why I didn't order one of these cause it looked pretty tasty
5	I probably had a different experience than everyone else. I went here for a private party so it was only open to our group. Food and drinks always taste better when it is free and w/ good company. We sat outside and watch the fireworks coming from TI. It was an awesome night. Thanks Shimano!
1	The service was beyond horrible at this restaurant.  Starting from the hostess stand to the waitress, to basically anyone who worked there.  Bad attitudes seem to be the norm here.  The food is bar food and it's not great.....go somewhere else if you're looking for a casual lunch.  If you're just looking to drink beer, watch football, and enter pretty dirty bathrooms, then it's your place!
4	This is by far my favorite place to settle in and watch a game.  The catch is you have to be there early to get one of the comfortable seating areas.  If you can get one of the couches then settle in and enjoy.The food is just ok.  This time I ordered the bbq pork nachos.  You get an ample portion.  I would recomend requesting the sour cream on the side.  Your nachos come with a mountain of sour cream that covers most of the surface.Overall you definetely pay for the privilage, but for me it is well worth it.  Most sport books are geared toward the true pro's.  This place is geared toward actuall fans.
1	if you go here, prepare to bend over and take it without any love at all. this place sucks. a $50 per person minimum to watch the World Series, which is no problem as the first round about covered that. then oh wait, then while the World Series was on they decided to play the audio of Monday night Football. OK i get it, are you ready for some football! its now the biggest sport in the USA but The World Effing Series! come on freakin losers. your a rip off, your not a real sports bar if you don't even give the World Series priority over the crappy ass Colts and the loser Texans. yeah i know they are both doing well but look at the league this year everyone sucks. either way if you go here don't expect a sports bar, expect a Las Vegas club with TVs and douche bags a plenty. oh and did i mention the food sucked ass big time. Great Job Emeril, put your name up there for a cheap buck and don't even give a crap what the food taste like.
3	Dude, the bartender was an asshole! We just wanted to watch the fight, have a drink, maybe eat some food. When someone orders a drink you don't respond by saying "...that's it??" What a douchebag. Good thing this place has lots of big screen TVs. He literally responded like that to everybody that ordered. I really wanted to order the nachos because they looked huge. Actually, I did order the nachos then my friend ordered the bbq pork sandwich but didn't put in the order for my nachos and I paid for his pork sandwich. Wtf? He even repeated my order. Good thing Grand Lux Cafe is super close by. Bad service put aside, I really enjoyed watching the fight here even though we had to stand the whole time. There was a good view of the TVs regardless of where you stand. It sucks that you have to pay $50 for a small table that only seats 2 people but hey how else are they going to make money? I'm so glad I brought sandals to change into! Ladies, have guy friend carry your sandals in their jacket pocket. You'll thank me later.
5	This place is HUGE! Very spacious, and super nice.We reserved a section here to watch the Pacquiao vs Margarito fight, and even though it was crazy full with people, we had a great time in our own little section ordering apps and drinks. It wasn't cheap from what I remember, but then again for a place like this in Vegas it was totally worth it.Would definitely go back to watch some football or more boxing.Oh and for more nachos (food is good)... :)
3	The "chef" had no idea what gluten free is-not a good thing. Game watching is great.
5	Best place to watch games, they have crazy amounts of space. Went here during Halloween Weekend/World Series time.. and everyone inside wanted to watch college football on the big screens, I guess because that's where the bets are.. and it is in Vegas. But everywhere else in the building ended up tuning into the WS game. Sadly, the giants lost that game, but we all know the outcome of the series.. Giants 2010 WS Champs! woo!Their appetizers are great! I ordered buffalo wings true to form ( i love them.) and fries. My friend ordered nachos. Some of the best buffalo wings, nachos, and fries i've ever tasted.Get the bucket of beer for the best value.They have bar areas, betting areas, private rooms (which make you feel like you're at a friends house, chillin') and patio areas. Best sports bar I've been to... go go go!
5	The sign out front states that this place was rated one of the top 10 sports bars in the US by some organization. I totally get why. Hundreds of tv's everywhere and at every angle ensure that there isn't a bad spot in the house. The furniture is perfectly-placed so that everyone who has a table feels like they have their own private space while surrounded by hundreds. Prices are moderate. It being Vegas, there is a sports book area just below the monster-sized main screen.
5	Was in town a month ago and wanted to watch UFC 123 somewhere to see Machida pummel Rampage Jackson to the floor. Luckily I saw a flier on the strip saying that Lagasse's Stadium was going to have a viewing party that night. Me and a buddy of mine jumped on the opportunity expecting an average sports bar inside.Once we were in the stadium, I must have died and gone to sports heaven. This was easily the nicest, most decadent bar I've ever been to. They have black jack tables that are surrounded by LCD TVs, luxury boxes with its own amenities, multiple bars, additional LCD's at every corner, and to top it off an enormous tv screen that should be in a movie theater.  As for booze prices, they were average for Vegas so no surprise there. Sadly we got there much too late to grab one of those sweet looking leather seats, but there was enough room to just hang out at one of the bars.While UFC 123 didn't pan out like I wanted it to (Machida was robbed!!!) I had a terrific time here. I definitely have to try out the whole experience the next time I go here.
4	Caveat:  I'm not a sports fan.  At all.Well, actually, that kind of proves that Lagasse's Stadium rocks.I've been twice now with groups to catch a game..and even I had a great time.  We rolled in without reservations and still had great seats.  Each table has more or less a private TV...the whole place caters to sports fans.  A manager treated us ladies to a free pitcher of sangria...food wasn't amazing, but then...sports bar food isn't supposed to be.This is a sports fan's dream, with memorabilia in the walkways, TVs at every angle, showing any major event happening, and the creamy-heavenly stadium seating (not sure who you have to be to score a seat in there).Note, bathrooms are also amazing.  Also awesome: the strip-facing patio, equipped with plenty of couch and table seating, more TVs and a decent view of the strip.Ladies, this a great spot to meet men.  Do not come looking sloppy.
4	Came here for happy hour on Tuesday and to watch the Lakers vs the Wizards. HH is not advertised on location but is on their website. Domestic beers $3.00 each and appetizers are $5.00 each (Three Choices only). I ordered the artichoke dip with tortilla chips, two mini chili hot dogs and later ordered the prime rib French Dip sandwich with fries $16.00. I enjoyed the appetizers actually more then the sandwich which I thought was just average. Good place to watch your favorite sporting event in comfort and the gals here are friendly and accommodating!
4	What a great way to watch Thursday NFL!It's like sitting in your living room and having wait service!They have a Sports Book but don't allow the exotic football wagers.When you place a wager you get a beverage coupon.We had some appetizers, fries, rings and Crab Cakes, not bad!The Ruben was excellent!Great service too!
5	Great, friendly service..  Good drink specials. Wings and Tomato soup were great!  Blackjack tables avail as well.
4	One of the best places to waatch a game!!! So many tv's and projectors around for you to enjoy every single game that is on... The statdium seating is the best...Good service and comfortable seating... Just make sure you call ahead to make reservations... the stadium seating is the way to go... This is also a great place to come with a big group to reserve a section and order drinks and appetizers... Only disappointment is that the menu selection isnt too big... Not too much to choose from, but it is good to see that they do try to offer Happy hour--$5 for spinach dip, 2 mini corn dogs or potato skins... $6 domestic drafts for $15 or $20 margarita pitchers.... I guess its better than nothing...
5	Hands down best place to watch football! I was happy I made a reservation for seats. To get a little area with a private tv and seats, you need to spend at least $25 dollars per person per game. The dollar amount may vary by sporting event being board casted. To get to Lagasse stadium you might either enter through the basement of the Palazzo or enter on Sands and Las Vegas Blvd. The audio for the game is based on which has the most money on it. They have a big screen TV on the sports book area, but tons of TVs all around the facility. We were seated next to our fellow Bears fans. Our server Yuri was great. He kept the drink and food coming. WE ordered the Bloody Mary and waiting 10 minutes for the lunch menu to be available because the breakfast food wasn't as appealing. Our server was so much fun and was very attentive. I wish I could remember his name, but it was not your usual Tom, Bob, or John. When lunch was available we ordered some cheese dip with pretzels and hummus. The cheese was so delicious you wanted to drink it up. They didn't really offer and vegetables for the hummus and to get veggies you had to order them on the side. (2.00 extra for small amount of celery).  I wish our server told us about the Bud promotion, but I don't think he knew about it until 10 minutes before the drawing.  It was ok because the authentic jerseys Bud was giving away were Vikings and Giants.  If it was a Bears jersey, I would have ordered a few extra beers to get into that drawing.  We had some more beers, cheered with our fellow Bears fans, and booed the viking fans walking past.  I do have to say.. if you do not have a seat, please don't ask to sit with those who have tables.  Having a table is not free and I am not sure if that one person sitting there adds on to the 25 dollar per person charge.   If you are watching a sports event and are not gambling you can enjoy the sports book without the sports book scene.
4	5 star atmosphere- awesome place to watch games because there are TVs at every table so every seat is great.5 star amenities- the live betting feature is great, keeps things very exciting throughout the games.  Wish this was used for all games though rather than certain games.3 star food- definitely would expect better considering it is a restaurant by Emeril.  The food is something you could get at pretty much any sports bar.  I will be back to this sports book to watch games, but the food should definitely be improved to keep people there all day.
4	Really great.  January, 65 degrees, playoff games.  We were both happy.  Sat outside for me to enjoy the sunshine and great service and my man could watch the games.  Inside looked like a sports fans dream with humongous TV visible from anywhere.  Food was very good.  Not blow me away, but really good.  I would totally go again my next trip even if a game wasn't on.  I enjoyed the outside sunshine in a rich setting.
3	Atmosphere and decor is great.  If you are a sports fan, you will NOT object to the many many many flat screen tvs around you.Problem was that when we walked in, they said there was a minimum $50 spending charge per person. But when we paid, we were not charged the difference since we did not spend $50/person. I don't know what the deal is. either communication problems between hostess and waiter/waitress or they are trying to drive people away. So taking 1 star away.
4	For those in or going to Vegas and looking for a place to watch the Super Bowl this Sunday or any televised sporting event for that matter, look no further than Lagasse's Stadium. Hidden in the basement of the Palazzo, Lagasse's Stadium is a sports bar wonderland complete with . . .Go to http://oc2seattle.wordpress.com/2011/02/02/vegas-yes-lagasses-stadium/ for complete review and pictures.
5	Best sports bar in America. Hands down. I am one of those girls that loves sports (GO GIANTS) and I often like to quiz "manly" men who claim to be big sports fans on their sports trivia. With that being said, this is my kind of bar. It's all stadium seating, hence the name, and they have a ton of comfy, swanky couches. Every booth has it's own tv that you can change on your own. The food is pretty good, and they have surprisignly reasonable prices on drinks. You most definitely have to make reservations for any type of big game. On our last visit we pulled out cards and played drinking games, and they were totally fine with it. ( I would give them an extra star solely for that if I could.)
1	This place now sucks.Are you a restaurant or are you a Sportsbook? Pick one.Because being both just isn't working for you anymore.There really should be NO table/ food minimums if your betting your ass off. I got hit with the nice surprise of a $100 table minimum when the check came...AFTER I had already dined. The EXXTRA bonus was when they wouldn't take my 10 comped drink tickets from the sports book towards my bill. You guys have some of the best payouts in terms of sportsbooks but I won't be back to eat your food since you don't know how to treat your players.
4	Who the hell would give this place anything less than 4 stars?! A great restaurant and a tremendous sportsbook in the same place! Wow...We came in on a Thursday afternoon to watch the Celtics/Lakers tilt and we asked to sit in the stadium area and we were seated in one of the back rows with a great view of the GIANT projection TV. The hostess said we had to order food & drinks in order to sit there which I found a bit odd, but that was our plan anyway. I first ordered a Sam, but I switched it up to Bud Light after being told that they were $3. We started with the Italian Sausage Arancini and it was excellent. I ordered the half rack and Trix had the Reuben...both were very good and the side order of fries was big and tasty. The book had some of the best odds that I saw on the strip and despite the Celtics losing to the Fakers, it proved to be one of the best spots in Vegas to watch a game.
2	Most of us who live in Las Vegas have quietly accepted the fact that restaurants on the Strip are notoriously over-priced. It used to be that Strip restaurants offered a better quality of food and service, but those days seem to have slipped away with the recession. Now, most Strip restaurants are nothing more than a place tourists go so they can say they've been there. When Lagasse's Stadium first opened we were excited by the idea of watching the big game while at the same time enjoying some of those great dishes we watched Emeril make on TV - perfect combination, right? Well, as it turns out, the menu is lame - totally lame. Sure, the food is good, but it's the same tired old food you get at every other miserable restaurant - wings, ruebens, BLTs, chicken wraps, nachos, chili-cheese fries, etc. Where exactly is the Emeril "bamm" we were hoping for? Oh, and table minimums? Emeril - you should be ashamed.
3	One of the best sports bar you can ever go to in Vegas.  Located conveniently inside the Palazzo, it's really hard to miss.  Stadium style seating for one of the biggest hd tv projector you can ever find in a sports bar and smaller lcd tv's at about every wall you can look at.  When you get a seat (which is very hard to find because it gets crowded on a good day) you can also request to have the channel change to teams or sports you'd like to watch.Servers are everywhere.  I've never had a problem here as others have complained on their reviews.  I've always been attended to but the prices here are pretty steep for a sports bar.  In order to be seated, food must be ordered though which I agree with because seating is limited and should only be given to those that are gonna eat.  And to be seated for the stadium style area, there's a minimum to how much you must and spend and reservations are highly recommended.Great place but I have to give it a 3 star unfortunately because as nice as this place is, it doesn't give that over all experience of what a true sports bar should feel like.  Guys you know what I mean.  I'd rather watch big games at my local pubs where it people are more of true fans, talking sh*t along with the bartenders, cigarette butts in the urinal, not having to pay ridiculously high prices just to drink and eat to simply watch you team play.  I'd sacrifice the biggest tv and rather be in a smaller venue where I can enjoy the game and have a good time with the bottom dwellers and true fans.  Lagasse is too higher up for me and the people there don't feel like true sport fans at all.
4	The most unique experience in Vegas this trip!Loved the seating, the screens, the concept and the execution!Wish I could've stayed to watch that Bulls-Heat game here last night.. and put $ on it too.. ;)
3	I was on a mission to find a fun sport bar to watch the Lakers vs Celtic game. Lagasse 's Stadium did not disappoint. I love being at a Sport bar surrounded by Lakers haters. It just makes the game even better when you are able to have a CIVILIZE, Trash Talking conversation with all the Gang Green Leprechauns out there. The place has a FUN and LIVELY atmosphere.  Since we got here a little late, we were unable to sit in the Stadium but luckily enough they had a plush couch on the sideline available in front of a BIG screen TV. SCORE!!! It felt like you were watching the game on your couch with a group of friends.  Since we sat on the sideline, the server did inform us that there is a $25 per person minimum and if you sat in the Stadium there is a $50 minimum per person. Wow, REALLY!!! I guess you are paying for the lounge rental.  Since we all drink like Sailors, the minimum charge was no Problemo! So here is what we ordered: *Buffalo Chicken Wings - The wings was juicy and drenched in buttery hot sauce. *Grilled Chicken Nachos - You can't go wrong with crispy tortillas covered in cheese and pinto beans with Guacamole, Sour Cream and Salsa.*Kobe Burger - I was very disappointed with the Kobe burger. I think they need to massage the cow a little bit more. I had high expectation on the food but it was a HUGE let down. It was just your typical, AVERAGE bar food. On a brighter note, the service was phenomenal and they had a full bar with a nice selection of beers on tap. I think Emeril left all his MAGIC on the Food Network.  Emeril, put your money where your mouth is and do us a favor and Kick it Up a notch on the food quality here. 3 stars for the experience...BAM!
4	I would undoubtedly give Lagasse's Stadium five stars but it took me a few attempts to actually get inside. My good friend and Vegas native raved about how incredible Lagasse's is and how I would love it. Being a Vegas regular, I was more than down to check out Emeri's spot.As we made our way down to the Palazzo from the Bellagio, the trek took a good 25 minutes and walking is your only option in Vegas. We spend another 20 minutes actually getting to the restaurant from within the resort. We pass by the Exotic Car Collection and finally reach the doors and its bustling, loud, packed and we're greeted by a duo of hot hostess."We're sorry but we are closed for a private World Cup party."I was pissed! I didn't care if Andre Agassi and David Beckham were doing body shots off each other, I just walked from the Bellagio to the Palazzo. It wasn't meant to be and it wasn't meant to be a second time, but I finally made it in like a Harvard Frat from "The Social Network".The business is beyond impressive and resembles a club, which it was at one point (Jay-Z's 40/40 Club).  The lounge gives you an ultra VIP experience without breaking your bank account.  Our hostess tried seating us at a table away from the stadium seating, but we requested to be front and center and were accommodatedA waitress came over and gave us menus and gave us a rundown on their specials.  Since it was only myself and my friend, we settled on a bucket of Coronas and an appetizer.  We ordered the Grilled Chicken Nachos, which were reasonably priced at $14.  The vibe, plethora of tv screens, and eye candy were definitely hitting the spot as we killed a bucked of Mexican beer with lime.  The nachos came out and they were nicely presented.  The crispy tortilla chips were smothered with cheese and pinto beans, and layered with guacamole, sour cream, and their house salsa.  The pallet of nacho flavors hit the spot and were all washed down with an ice cold Corona.After soaking in a bucket of beers and a large appetizer, I was a happy customer.  I wasn't too focused on the games on the screens, but had it been baseball season or my hometown SF Giants winning the series, it would be heaven on earth.  The bill came and was in the $50 range not including tip.  A good value for six imported beers, an appetizer, and some lounge time.  I'll be back for sure, I'll just call in advance and make sure they're open and no private parties are being hosted.
1	I went here anticipating a great happy hour and Emeril Lagasse Food. Instead, when my wife and I arrived at the door, the hostess asked if we were "lost or just looking around". Immediately, this was an insult since you have to go downstairs at the Palazzo and the only thing down there is the Stadium. We entered and went to the part for the online advertised "Tail Gate Party" which ended up being false. Instead of all the great happy hour specials, it was $3 domestic bottles....who gives a $HIT. Anyways, we are staying at the Palazzo but recommend going to the Sushi place in the same building; the bartender there was awesome, the drinks were great and the food was delicious.
4	This place is pretty awesome. I loved the Kobe/Angus burger. Great staff. Tons of coves with personal monitors and their own sports book, just in case you need to lay some money down or if you want to reload at half time, in order to try and shore up your losses.
2	To be positive, this place has one of the best set ups if ever seen. Real stadium seating for a bar and  the sportsbook; nothing short of awesome. Everything else sucked though. Burgers weren't great. In fact,  I think the 6 dollar burger at Carl's JR may be better. The drinks were on the steeper side of things, and they served them in plastic cups. We also had the worst service I can remember having anywhere. I mean the guy could care less that we waited 20 minutes before ordering a drink and that I passed him twice picking up my own condiments, cutlery, and napkins. I usually feel bad when people give sucky tips but I had to give him a big fat zero.
1	BAD SERVICE. I gave it a star because it is a really cool sports bar.  But be sure u sit on the couches and can even find the entrance.  U might want to order everything at once (including several rounds of beers, because u never know when the server will return).  I did get a little better service when I was reseated in the couches area.  Would only return if there was a Really big sports event and only order beers.Emeril has obviously not eaten here.  You wud think Las Vegas had the best unemployment rate in the country with this crappy service.
4	love the way how it looks inside!!! very cozy and elegant!!! and the food was awesome!!!
1	Being a fan of Emeril's restaurants, we decided to go here for lunch and so my partner could watch a few games and were excited to try this place out.I cannot rate the food because we never got to eat.  The service was spectacularly poor-  Rude waitstaff and the hostesses seems to be terribly bothered by our arrival.  We waited and waited to order drinks, and then waited some more for them to come.  The only server we could see in the place was beyond rude, and actually waled away from us while we were trying to place an order.Though it is probably needless to say, we will NOT be back.
5	not really a sports bar and not really a sports book, but it has both.  you can eat, drink, bet, and watch all in one place.  plus it's more comfortable to watch a game and grab food/drinks than, say, ESPN Zone.  $50 minimum isn't a reason to dislike the place because you'll end up spending that much in food and drinks easy anywhere else.  if you're not there to eat or drink, just watch the game at the real sports book.  if you're there to watch a specific game and have a bunch of people, the booths are the way to go, if available.  there's a comfortable couch and chairs and you're own small tv, but you still can see the main screens.there's the experience of watching a game in a bar with everyone rooting for the same team and hootin' and hollarin'.   this isn't really a good place to get that.  Lagasees is like being at home if your home had 25 flat screens and waitresses.
1	After eating at Emeril's when I was in New Orleans, which is an amazing restaurant with great service, I was at least expecting a decent quality of food while being able to watch some sports. Sounds good right? WRONG! This place had below mediocre food, let me elaborate a little, bad food for a sports bar. Any sports bar will have a certain poor quality of food, but this place was horrendous and way overpriced. I had one of the worst pulled pork sandwiches I've ever had in my life, the meat was soggy as if it were steamed not bbq'ed and tasted completely like vinegar. There was barely any coleslaw in the sandwich and my fries were cold. I couldn't get over the terrible vinegar taste. My buddy ordered the specialty steak sandwich which for some reason is $27 (wtf?), it was very small and had no flavor at all. My other friends ordered Kobe-Angus burgers that made McDonald's and Carls Jr's Angus burgers look gourmet. Our table service was annoying as well, our waiter was always in a rush to leave our table and for no reason, most of the time he was just talking to another co-worker on the side. Then it took forever to get food and when our overpriced beers came they were served in little dinky plastic cups. The only positive things I can say about this place is that we were seated quickly and there was plenty of screens to watch the games on. The interior of the sports bookie is impressive and looks pretty plush. But I'm pretty sure Emeril has never even set foot in this sham, and hopefully when he does he tells them to take his name off of this BS.
3	Fries are amazing. But WTF is up with the 6 inch wide tables? I get it's a sports bar/book, but if you're going to be serving full dinners with multiple courses you need to provide the real estate to serve it on!
4	Wow, a lot of negative reviews... 1.The "Absolut Peppar" Bloody Mary was the best I have had (I honestly don't order them often, but this was delicious) 2. We got "appetizers" in the Nachos and Chili Cheese Fries. We honestly considered them appetizers, but they were so humongous that the three of us did not eat dinner and could not finish the two appetizers. They were somewhere between "Good" and "Very Good" but not great (and we did not expect it for the price). 3. Reasonable prices for Vegas, I knew from reviews that I was not eating at an Emeril sit-down Ristorante 3. The reason not 5 stars: waitress was not super nice, TV setup was actually not ideal. One game on the main screen, perhaps 16 others (8 per side) on the sides of same main screen, but too small to see. Only a few other TVs throughout the "Stadium." Would go back!
1	First of all what kind of sports bar has table minimums? Total BS. And I would have been ok with it if the food had actually been decent.... Not what I expected at all from one of Emeril's restaurants!! I had the French dip sandwich, which basically tasted like something you'd get at TGI Fridays... and to make it worse, the au jus was bland and tasteless! My wife got a burger so greasy that the bun fell apart halfway through. THE ONLY saving grace was the grilled asparagus... seasoned well. Our waitress was slow and forgetful, and only seemed to start to pay more attention to us when it was time to pay the check...The setup was pretty cool, especially in the center of the restaurant with the stadium seating (i can only imagine how much they charge for those tables) and the HUGE tv setup.... But correct me if I'm wrong... A Legasse restaurant should be about the food first....Overall... I would suggest spending your money at other notable vegas restaurants!
2	Skip this place.Unless you get one of the limited couches in the "stadium" area, you'll be stuck with a tiny tv monitor in your booth area.Food is mediocre. Drinks are okay. Staff is friendly.They had a $25 per person minimum, but that is not a big deal since its easy to hit that with a few drinks and some food.Next time I'll just stay in the local sports book area of the hotel I'm staying at.
2	Game 7 Eastern Conference Finals: Boston vs. Tampa Bay. The husband and I decided to hit this place up primarily to get a glimpse of the competition and ultimately who was going to end up playing my Canucks in the Stanley Cup final...Comfortable space with cozy chairs and in our case, our own decently sized screen. Overall okay service. Not overly loud. Not busy either, but I'm guessing that has something to do with....$25 minimum per person. Apparently they're supposed to tell you when you walk in but in our case, they "forgot". Yikes! Can you say alcohol poisoning?We had arrived with an hour to spend and were told about the minimum 45 minutes later as we were requesting the bill to leave for our dinner reservation. Besides the fact that my liver was BEGGING for a reprieve from more alcohol, we were heading to dinner - we weren't going to snack before that.Thankfully our server had enough common sense to waive the "fee". This in turn scored him a huge tip. I would not count on them doing this on a regular basis - I think we just got lucky with someone nice. Once again, the $ isn't the issue, it's (almost always) the principle...Despite my mediocre rating, I'd maybe hit up this place again for a big game. A) If I was eating and/or B) If I was really thirsty.
4	Watching your favorite team Barcelona win the champions league against your least favorite squad MAN UTD is a great thing and getting a chance of watching it at Lagasse's = EPIC!! I had their Bloody Mary which is by far one of the best I have had.  Pairing it with some pretzels was even that much more exciting, one of the keys to Winning as Charlie Sheen would put it is that Lagasse's should be renamed to a TV everywhere you look Stadium because there are hundreds!
1	Terrible, terrible service...waiter seemed annoyed the whole time. Won't be back!
5	Went here to watch the UFC fight - great place, great food.  Highly recommend the BBQ shrimp!  Unique amazing flavor.
1	We went in to watch the Bruins game, the big screen is great but the service was terrible.  The worst part is that I asked the waitress if the fries were gluten free and she asked the Chef and came back to let me know that they were.  Unfortunately within an hour, as we were going to our Vegas show I was sick  had to return to the hotel for the night, and had to miss the show (we had already paid for the tickets).  PLEASE PLEASE train your staff on what GLUTEN/WHEAT intolerance is.  No one wants to be poisoned, having eaten at several of Emeril's restaurants, I expected more.
3	A basic lunch spot. So the GF and I are walking around Friday afternoon, thinking of where to eat lunch. A girl in one of the entry way of Palazzo was handing out a 25% off card for Lagasse's Stadium, so we said why not. You can seat in a conventional booth or in the stadium lounge section, we opt for the latter. Area was spacious. Kind of different and neat, you sit in front of their huge sportsbook tv's. The place was empty, so we had plenty of room to spread out and kick back. I had the chicken avocado wrap with fries. Decent for lunch, nothing fancy but nothing terrible. Now thinking about it, chicken a little bland and dry. The GF had the BLT with fries. Nice size sandwich with a nice pile of thick-cut bacon. We both liked it. We also both had Bloody Mary's to start our day, something nice and salty before shooting craps. Service was decent. She and the water boy was there when we needed them and then gave us our space. With the discount, it was a modest bill for Vegas. So...this place is not awful but nothing great. Just a practical place to have a lunch. Depending on you, 2 or 3 Yelp stars. With the coupon card, you can stop by. Without the discount, you're not missing anything.
4	THE place to watch a sporting event in Vegas. Tons of seating and large TV's. My dream is to watch a big game here and rent a room with a pool table. Those rooms easily run a couple of thousand but one can dream. I love all the signed jerseys all over the place.
4	Went to Lagasse's Stadium on 7/5/11.  Really cool set up.  Once we got the employees to turn the tv's on to something we could actually bet on (horse races) it was great.  The food was super good.  We ordered the Full Rack of Ribs, Tuna Poke Chips (amazing),  Classic BLT, and French Dip.   Onion rings were to die for!  Ok, the problem is that we had to wait longer than we should've for our food.  Our server was really great though and we got our drinks right away.  Would we go back?  Yes!
2	Great to place a bet..but sucky you can't just watch the games without actually paying for a drink or eating.If your gonnna eat...don't get the useless chili cheese fries...it was a complete waste...and it sucked..so dry...
3	I wish I could give this place 2.5 stars.  The food was ok..  I had the bam-which and the first half was OK (a little cold) and the truffle fries were good (if you don't like truffles, you're not going to like these fries).  The fries on the kobe/angus burger was better (IMO) but the burger was not up to par (kobe burgers are a waste of kobe).  The wife had the rice balls which had sausage (which I can't eat...  *sad face*) and my bro had the crab cake (it was OK)...  I was expecting a lot from Lagasse's because his food looks so good!  Alas, I was let down again...  it's better then Bobby Flay's stuff (Flay sucks..  sucks a lot) but not as good as Morimoto or Mario Batali.  Venue is GREAT for watching sports but I wish i just ordered the appetizers...   Would I go back again?  Not if I can help it.
1	Was spending a week in Vegas for a conference and decided to try as many different restaurants as possible between the Paris hotel (where we were staying) and the Venetian/Palazzo (where the conference was taking place).  The meal I had at Lagasse's Stadium was by far the worst meal I had all week!!  That is pretty bad, considering I was forced to eat fast food italian at the Venetian food court on one of the days!  I ordered the Pesto & Cheese pizza with "oven roasted" tomatoes.  This was the worst pizza I have had in a long time!  Basically a decent crust topped with a tasteless pesto sauce, about 8 pounds of mediocre cheese, and a few lumps of dried out, burned tomatoes.  Terrible!  One friend had the BLT, she said it was decent but not the best she has had.  Our other friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich - all she could taste was the mayo-type dressing from the huge pile of slaw that sat atop the pork.  This is definitely not what I expected from a restaurant with Lagasse's name on it!  I would not return and would not recommend this place to anyone.  The one plus - they were showing the Women's World Cup soccer games and one of my friends was happy to watch that.
4	Lagasse Stadium is one of those places that I need to rate by category because they differ substantially. Place to Watch Sports - 5 Stars Service - 5 Stars Drinks - 3 Stars Food - 3 Stars We recently watched a UFC event here on one of their plush couches. The view of the huge screen and the comfort of their couches were amazing. I felt like I was in the comfort of my home and I could even put my feet on the furniture! The service was also great. He was always there when we needed him but didn't interrupt the event. Now to the semi-downside. You have to reserve a couch seat for major events. This night it was $100 minimum in purchases per person. If you are not a big drinker it is hard to get to those minimums. The food overall was so-so. The wings were the best thing we had, and I would stay away from the pretzel with the really watery cheese sauce. The drinks were pretty standard, nothing special there. All that said, I will definitely be back to watch any big events.
3	Great place to watch any sports, food is average at best, average priced for Vegas, very slow service.
1	terrible food and over priced. I don't think the kobe beef burger is kobe beef, in and out burger is better and cheaper.  this place is crap
1	When is the last time Emeril has taken a look at what's happening at this place? We were greeted by an apathetic hostess and guided to a dirty couch area. We ordered drinks and realized there was an area of regular dining tables we asked to be reseated in that area. We found our own way there, sat down at a table only to discover the carpet appeared not to have been vacuumed from the day before (we arrived just before noon). Apparently our drinks were to be sent to the new table (drinks in plastic cups!). We waited another ten minutes and no one came to check on us or take our order and our drinks still never arrived. ( All the while there were plenty of empty tables and few patrons in the restaurant so they were far from busy) We did not have a good feeling about the place, wondered how Emeril could think this lives up to his standards (albeit a sports bar.....it there should be a BAM standard!). We left our table, exited through glass doors that were full of fingerprints (obviously not cleaned from the day before). Can't review on the food, but our appetites were gone by the time we left.
2	Where's the Bam?I called to see what time they were open til and if I needed reservations (Sunday night). The hostess said they seat until 9pm and they were not busy. She did ask if everyone coming in was 21 or older so no underage people allowed I guess. Kind of odd since it is a restaurant, but I guess they want to be considered more of a bar and sports betting area? Anyways we get to the door and we are all asked for our ID's which we then present. All good to go. The place was different,but not what I thought it was going to be, looked like a hybrid nightclub that serves bar food and has TVs everywhere. I was expecting a mini sports stadium theme. We get placed in a corner area, but felt it was too tight for the 4 of us so we asked for a table a few feet away. We get seated and I tried to tip the hostess and she refused it?! Maybe a not tip rule? I don't know but I've never seen a hostess not accept a tip for seating in Las Vegas in my 22 years of living here.Our waitress who doubles as a bartender took our order and a few of us requested beers. She then asks us for our IDs and I said we just showed our IDs at the front desk just to get in. She says it's her job and how she could be banned from Nevada as a server if she doesn't check ID..... OK we show our IDs again. I asked about draft beer and there is none available at this "sportsbar". We also tried to see if a BLT could be kicked up a notch by adding turkey to make it a club sandwhich, but turkey is not available, bam. OK we are talking, watching baseball like we are interested then our food is served. A little bit of this and that and it really is just basic, average, boring bar junk food. No bam, not really Emeril Energy. I guess Emeril just sold his name, because the food just can't be his creations. My shrimp salad sandwich was bland, a Kobe burger was nothing special, BLT is a blt and my wife's French dip was about as special as a $1.99 ARBY's French dip if not worse. EMERIL are you out there? This place isn't you, is it?We pay our bill and walk out, there is a guy sleeping in the stadium area. People laying on the couch like some kind of flop house, weird. I guess it might be considered fun during football season, but I don't see the value in it. Emeril has sold himself out I guess. bam
2	We bought a Groupon to this place so we decided to try it out. The food was average at best. They should take Lagasses name off the sign because it brings with it certain expectations that are not fulfilled. We got the mini chili cheese dogs and the hamburger. The burger was a frozen patty just thrown on the grill. Flat, burned and cookie cutter shape. We didn't even finish it. Good price on drinks though!We will not be returning.
1	I would not go back. That says a lot for me, I went to Vegas for my sister's 21st. We had a group of 7 women on a Monday afternoon. The service was so slow. Did not care for the crab dip. The pitchers of Margaritas we ordered tasted like sour mix. I ordered the nachos. They were ok. It looks like a great place to watch sports and have beers. Way better options at The Palazzo!
4	Great place to catch a game.   Lots of mediocre reviews on the food, but we thought it was pretty good for a sports bar.   We had the crab, spinach and artichoke dip and spilt a rack of baby back ribs.   Both were pretty good. Weird that they serve drinks in plastic cups though!
5	I'm reading these reviews and I'm thinking I went to a different place...hmmm.  Anyway, I loved this joint.  I purchased the Groupon deal before I left home in anticipation of trying Lagasse's Stadium, the waiter was really cool about it and explained that it was happy hour so I could either use the Groupon or take advantage of Happy Hour specials.  I opted to do the Groupon since I wouldn't have a chance to visit again before it expired.  The place is super comfy, I loved sitting on a comfy couch, watching a huge tv with baseball (love baseball so that was heaven) and having a fun, nice waiter bring me beers and nachos.  I was there with 2 of my best friends, so us 3 females had a great time watching the good looking around us as well.  The Red Sox vs. Yankees game was on the giant screen and it was super entertaining to watch all the rivalry going on in the bar.  Had a blast and will for sure be going back.
5	One of the strips best kept secrets!Lasagge's stadium is the most luxe sports book I've been to. The place is set up with stadium style seating. But, you aren't stuck in a crappy chair to watch the game. No sirree, you are seated on leather couches, chaise lounges, and private booths with your own TVs to enjoy the action. If that's not enough to lift your spirits, there are cocktail waitress and food servers who will bring you beer and a selection of gourmet munchies (wonton wrapper ahi poke nachos, soft pretzels with beer cheese dip were both great!)The main game is shown on a jumbo tron so you don't miss out on any plays. It basically feels like you are at a really cool friends house, who has really cool leather couches, and a jumbo tron to watch the game on. This friend would also have a hot wife to serve you beer and nachos on demand. Until you can find this mythical place, stop by here for your game day fix.
3	The food was ok not great. I had a coupon that made it worth my while and there were plenty of HD TVs to keep up with baseball games.  My waiter seemed overworked but was nice
4	So I just realized that I've given damn near everything on my trip to Vegas 4 stars. Lucky you, Vegas. I'm normally not this nice. Lagasse's Stadium was our first stop when we got to Vegas. Not intentionally, but we checked into the hotel, realized the Texans preseason game was on and figured we could find a place that we could watch the game and grab a bite before our first night exploring the Strip. Bitches need nourishment, yo!So thanks to the magic of Yelp, we found Lagasse's Stadium and it seemed to be the perfect fit. We headed in expecting it to be pretty croweded (football is starting, yall! WTF?) and it was pretty dead. After reading some of the other reviews, that's probably why we didn't encounter any seating issues or table minimum situations. As a matter of fact, they sat us smack dab in the middle of the big ass couch/screen area. The first words out of my mouth were, "Holy shiznit, I would DIE to come here on a Sunday during regular season." I play fantasy football and this place is a FF player's dream - seriously. One big screen with the main game and I think maybe about 8 others right next to it. Cue the choir of angels. So we were STARVING at this point, so we decided to go ahead and get an appetizer, see how hungry we were and then decided whether to share an entree or get two separate ones. We decided on the BBQ Pork Nachos and ordered a couple of (overpriced) beers.In all honesty, I was expecting a tiny plate of like 8 nachos, individually dressed or something like that for $14. Seemed about par for the course in Vegas. Uhhhh no dice. This plate of nachos was freaking ENORMOUS. Literally a mountain of melted cheese, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, guacamole, super yummy BBQ pulled pork and other deliciousness I was too busy shoving in my mouth to notice. The best part was that they didn't commit the cardinal sin of nachos - piling all the goodies on top of one mound of chips, which means once you get through the top layer, all the good stuff is gone and you're chomping on dry chips. No bueno. But no...halfway through, I peel off a deliciously cheesy chip to find another mound of cheese meat, sour cream and guac goodness. *Slow Clap*Now, I will say these are probably the most expensive nachos I've ever paid for...but then again I'm from Texas. In the end, it stuffed both of us for a grand total of $14, so I can't really complain. I'm a little bummed cause I really wanted to try that French Dip, but I was already slipping into a food coma, and there's no no time for napping in Vegas, duh! Next time, it's going down.
4	My wife and stopped by on our first day in vegas and on our last day.  Prior , I had purchased two groupons valued at $30 each, for $15.  First visit we both had the Kobe burgers, which are normally delicious...except this time.  They both were extremely bland, and tasted like there wasn't any seasoning on the burger.  The fries were ok, and the service was mediocre at best, our food sat on the counter for literally 5 minutes before the server brought them around.  I ordered a second beer upon arrival of the food, it never came.  The second time, was the difference between night and day.  This time fantastic service, I ordered the french dip with onion rings and my wife had the BLT.  Both selections were fantastic, and flavorful.  All and all, I would say we would go  back, after the groupon on both occasions our bill for two meals and a drink were in between $6-8( the groupon cost $15), so out the door it was about $21-23, plus a tip.  Any time you can get out the door in vegas for that cheap, its a good thing.
1	OMG!!!!! I can"t believe how terrible the service and food was. First of all they treat travelzoo customers like crap. When they say we had a travezoo coupon they brought out this hand written white piece of paper menu. Are you kidding me. You only had four choices to choice from for apps and entree. The red head spiked man waiter is full of you know what and need to quick or quickly get fired!!!!!! I CAN'T BELIEVE EMERIL ! HE NEEDS TO PAY ATTENTION TO HIS RESTAURANTS AND NOT JUST COLLECT THE MONEY. I WILL NEVER GO BACK!!!!
4	I didn't know what to expect here.  But, I had a Groupon that was about to expire.  So, I made an 8:30 p.m. restaurant reservation, and off Diane and I went.  It was the Saturday of Labor Day weekend, so I should have known that valet parking would probably be closed or limited to Palazzo hotel guests only.  When we got to The Palazzo, valet parking was closed to all except hotel guests.  So, I had to wind around the self-parking underground lot looking for an open stall and even how to enter the next lowest level, for, like circling sharks, there was serious competition among vehicles for remaining parking spots. When at last I secured one of just a few available parking places and we ascended in the right elevator, we reached Lagasse's Stadium's hostess stand at exactly 8:43 p.m.  The place was packed with people.  And, when I told the hostess greeting us that we had an 8:30 p.m. reservation and had parking problems, she said that she was sorry, but we would have to sit in the bar, because the restaurant only held reservations for 15 minutes.  I looked at my watch, which read 8:44 p.m., and held my ground, telling her that we then still had 1 minute to go.  She looked at the time, reflected for a moment, and said, "Okay, we will find you a place."  Two minutes later we were led to a comfortable leather couch in a large room of rising rows of couches arrayed before a giant flat-screen television, in stadium seating style.  Large pillows rested on the couch, and sports fans were all around us reacting vociferously to college football action on the field that was quite visible on the enormous TV.  Later, I explored the place more fully, and can only describe it as very cool.  It had at least three bars, an area where blackjack was being played, a real sports book where bets could be placed, interior restrooms, nooks with couches and smaller TVs everywhere, and even luxury boxes and large private rooms.  Servers were dressed in various colorful attire of actual teams, and I learned from ours that the massive complex could hold over 1,000 people, and that Super Bowl reservations were accepted two months in advance.  This was a restaurant/sports bar to be reckoned with!But, proprietor Emeril Lagasse is one of my favorite chefs, and on this initial visit I came for the food--not sports action.  I figured that with his name and reputation behind this restaurant the food had to be very good.  He had not let me down at Delmonico or Emeril's Fish House.  As it turned out, my surmise was mostly right!I began with a Stadium Salad of fresh baby greens (no Iceberg Lettuce at all), a few red leaves of lettuce, dried sweet Cherry Tomatoes, small crumbles of Bleu Cheese, and toasted pecans and berries tossed in a delicate but moist Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing, with a few crisp onions crowning all.  Some of the greens were bitter, but the toasted pecans and berries added a nice counterpoint, and the Bleu Cheese held everything nicely together.  To me the onions added nothing, but the salad was tasty and satisfying standing on its own.I savored a large bite of Diane's medium-rare Cheeseburger with a large slice of American Cheese on a soft bun, and in that moment wished I had ordered one myself.  The half-pound burger was large, visibly pink on a side view, and juicy.  Very delicious!  Fries, too, were very good: crispy and crunchy!Not so my Beer Battered Onion Rings!  They were noticeably greasy, and were tightly wound and heavy instead of being light and airy and gently flaking apart.  The o-rings were also inconsistent; some parts were crisp, and other parts were soggy.  And, Cole Slaw with carrot shavings was very creamy but tasted a little sour.  But a touchdown was scored with my slow roasted French Dip, which consisted of top of the line shaved Prime Rib, caramelized onions, Provolone Cheese, and Truffle Mushroom Aioli on New Orleans French Bread.  When I first saw and felt the rather hard bread I was skeptical.  But, I was a believer after dipping it in the warm and wonderful au jus provided.  The bread just easily gave way, leaving me with the best juicy French Dip I have ever tasted.  This alone was worth the visit.But we weren't done yet.  For dessert, Diane and I split a good but not real sweet Chocolate Shake with Semi-Sweet Chocolate Chips and whipped cream, and two delicious, large and warm Chocolate Chip Cookies that were sprinkled with powdered sugar, and in which the chocolate chips literally melted in front of our eyes.   Service was friendly, efficient, and excellent.  And, water and soft drink refills were cheerfully supplied without us having to ask.  I expect that we will both surely return to this 4-1/2-star establishment!  I still have a Sinfully Southern Pie to try!
1	I bought a Travelzoo Local Deal to use here.  It sounded like such a great deal - $39 for 2 entrees, 2 apps and 2 beers (regularly $76) and you get to watch a game on top of it.  Well, I could not have been more wrong! I tried twice to make reservations to watch football here.  Both times I was told that I would be charged an additional $50 in order to get seating where I could view a game.  What? I bought this deal since it was advertised as being able to come watch a game and enjoy dinner.  The choice given to me was to sit on the patio with no televsion access if I was going to be able to use the deal with Travelzoo.  Their explanation has been "mangement  reserves all rights".  I guess they do have the right to use false advertisement and not honor the deals that they have offered to locals.
3	Got the Groupon and decided to check it out. I had been here when it was 40/40 and thought the layout was pretty cool. It looks pretty much the same now but with lots of sports memorabilia on the walls. We took one of the stadium seats which was essentially a large bed (in retrospect, not the best idea if you're eating, FABULOUS idea if you're trying to watch the game on a really big screen). Good thing we didn't get anything that required utensils or this would have been really tricky. My sandwich was great but the service was a little off. We asked for the bill as soon as we finished. This took more than 20 minutes and during this time our server was walking around but never passed by us until we waved her down. I didn't want to chance another 20 minutes on getting change from her so I went directly to the bar. After 2 minutes went to the other side of the bar and one bartender literally then went to the side I was at; I got my change, but the person who gave it to me put it directly on the puddle of water on the counter instead of into my extended hand. A little strange. Good lunch, but I don't think I'll be back.
3	The environment is fun for the sports fans but the menu doesn't have too much variety!! And the server take too long to help and not very helpful when ask questions about the menu! I had a Ceassar Salad which was not very good.
1	I bought a Groupon for this place and I should of researched it first. They didn't have much on the menu and the prices were up there but for those prices the food got's be good, NOT at all... I saw a few Burgers come out and didn't look good so we ordered the Buffalo Chicken Wings and a BBQ Chicken Pizza. Something simple but they couldn't do that right.. The pizza is a frozen pre-made pizza and it was really burnt. The wings were so-so but you only get 8 for $15. This place deceptive with Emeril's name on it. Ya that place is straight Sports joint cause it seems like their cooking their food in the Locker Room.
4	Decent food. Decent portions. A bit pricey, but it's Vegas, so for Vegas it's probably on the cheaper side.Positives:Chili Cheese FriesHappy HourPortionsFriesAtmosphereNegatives:A bit priceyNothing really holy crap, best thing I ever hadFood wise, I wouldn't say anything was stellar, but I will say the chili cheese fries really impressed me. It is an excellent drunk food option and really big portion.  I got the chicken/avocado wrap thing, which was decent. My brother got the roasted chicken, which he also described as "decent."Drink wise, happy hour is a great deal. It's like a bucket of 5 or so beers for $15 ... don't quote me, but I think it was something like $3 a beer.Fun atmosphere too with all the TVs and couches. We got to sit right in front on the lounge too, which was really nice.Side note: i rated this a 3, but then bumped it to a 4 b/c relative to other places in Vegas, it's probably on the better side, but if this was outside of Vegas, I'd give it a 3. Do with that what you will.
2	Had a travelzoo voucher for this. Had a hard time getting a reservation which is quite odd since it was fairly empty when we went there. The menu came out not even fully printed on a page and it was a "special" menu for Travelzoo customers. Food was decent nothing special. Atmosphere was the best part about this. Kinda felt the food was overpriced for what we got.
1	OMG!!!  DON'T DO IT!!  Took my team in (had reservations for 11 people) got seated right away in a very nice section with comfortable seating, then it went down hill. Fast.  The server, Angela, was the worst person I have ever come in contact with in the service industry (I eat out for business and personal more than three hundred days a year and I ain't talkin' restaurants with drive thrus).  Angela walked up spoke and then took our drink orders.  Beer was $36.00 for 6 domestic and $40.00 for anything other than that.  It's Vegas so that is on par.  Ordered chicken nachos, cheese managed to be greasy and without taste, chicken was sparse and again without flavor.  How do you screw up nachos.  And on top of that the portion was anything other than generous, but I guess that was a good thing. $14.00 for that lesson.  Steak sandwich $27.00. Good, but a little fatty and tough, bread was soaked with oil.  Decent portion, but one would expect better flavor from an Emeril restaurant.  BBQ Shrimp, four in greasy BBQ sauce with a few pieces of nuked(?) pieces of pita, $16.00 dollars, they were fresh, but again meh on flavor.  Pouring the greasy BBQ goop on boiled shrimp won't get it.  Shrimp sandwiches were very good, but I really wish that they had used maybe four shrimp for the sandwich rather than chopping up two. $17.00. MEH, MEH!, MEH!!, now why Angela will not be invited to the party.  She made no attempt to place the food in front of the person that ordered it and at one point when we tried to help, she purposely put the plates at the opposite end of the table from the person who placed the order, rolled her eyes, mumbled something and walked off.  When she got back, a member of my team was in the process of asking about his order, because he and another person had not received their order after ten minutes of the rest of the table receiving theirs, she stared at him and then as he was in mid sentence, she turned and asked if someone else wanted a water refill.  Shen then left the table.  We were in disbelief. Another server brought the food a few moments later. Angela showed back up and stared at me as she asked about dessert, I had had enough and said no, but a few members of my team said that they did not want our first real meeting break to be ruined by her and wanted to enjoy dessert.  I complied.  She again went out of her way to place our food away from us and at one point as one of the guys reached for his "Sin Pie" she moved it away from him and sat it in front of someone else! As we were eating our dessert, I noticed one of the guys at our table, Ken, had not received his shake, when I asked him about it he shrugged.  We saw Angela approaching and motioned for her.  She walked up and said "what?" Ken and the team at this point were done.  Ken stated that he had not received his shake, but did not want it and asked her to take it off the tab. She then said that his shake was ready and then pointed down to a little table where it had been sitting.  Before I could ask why if the shake had been sitting on a table on the lower level and she could have just brought it when she came up, she rolled her eyes and said okay and again walked off!  REALLY!  She brought the check and it of course had a twenty percent gratuity added.  My team was in full protest at this and I asked to speak to the manager.  I then understood the circumstances that led Angela to believe that her behavior was okay.  To say that he was indifferent would be in the top five understatements of the year.  After discussing their large party tipping policy, he finally said that he would remove the gratuity and I could tip as I saw fit.  He then left and gave the check to Angela.  While I could not feel good about twenty percent, I did give her ten as I did not want her to have to pay taxes on a tip that she did not get.  She returned the gift dinner cards that we paid with and stated that they had not gone through.  I asked if she was sure and she said yes.  I then gave her my Amex for the difference and left.  I had a member of my team check the gift card balances the next day and Angela had charged each one!  She had made sure that she had received a tip ($90.00 on a $270.00 bill!) I immediately called the restaurant and now they are "looking into it"  I now have to do a chargeback on my Amex.  NEVER AGAIN will I or anyone from my company set foot in this "stadium".
5	Although I haven't spent time at every Sportsbook in Vegas, I've been to enough to know how to do it properly. So, as I was glancing over all of these reviews I was wondering how this place rated so poorly. One word: Groupon.If you're looking for a good place to enjoy a game in a comfortable atmosphere that isn't your hotel room, Lagasse's is your best bet. Count it.
1	I was overcharged by $90.  Make sure you keep and double check your receipts
2	I really expected a lot more from my 1st experience at Lagasse's stadium. Fiance & myself went to watch the Raiders opener on MNF 9/12/11. We had really high hopes & overall it was a let down. We had a 7pm reservation, arrived at 6:55, & stood for 35 minutes waiting to get seated in the stadium area. They make it very clear when you call the minimum of $100 a head for food & bev. Not so clear is being seated a half hour after the reservation & missing the 1st 15-20mins of the big game. Once seated you feel the need to rush into ordering a large amount to make a dent into that $100 per person. The food & drink did arrive timely & the waiters are attentive but the food & drink was less than stellar. Maybe a small notch above Hooters or the like. With Mr. Bam's name front & present you expect better. They also really need to have a hostess re-training session. Teach them to seat more than one group at a time in the stadium area & how to be friendlier to patrons spending a lot of money for over priced fare. I'd sum up Lagasse's stadium as falling real close to the category of tourist trap.
3	no reservations on a football sunday and you are pretty much screwed, waiting in line for an hour to get a table game, and just to find out later that there are dozens of empty tables available, presumably reserved, but stayed empty. food is decent. service can be overwhelmed and slow.
4	Minimum sucks, be careful what u order. Plan what u will eat and drink or it will bit ya. But all in all great place!
3	Stopped in here for a late lunch. I ordered the fish and chips and was pleasently surprised. The fish was fresh and the coating just right and the tartar sauce aoli was very good. The fish came with a good helping of waffle-cut fries which were also fresh and hot.I'll be back.
2	Great place to watch games. TVs EVERYWHERE. BUT! Don't be fooled by the name... food was nothing spectacular. Service was good. Loved all the little nooks/sitting areas you could reserve. When you make reservations, you automatically have to spend a certain amount of $$ per person, per hour. Which isn't bad, since you'll be there for a while, you can easily spend a lot of $$. Bathrooms were odd. They tried to be different and modern, but it really did not look nice. Also, it didn't see very clean, and was not well stocked or taken care of throughout the day. I think this is a great place to go try out for the excitment of so many people watching sports in the same room, but I don't think we'll be back. If you want to try some good food with Emril's name on it, go to Delmonico Steakhouse at The Venetian.
5	If heaven has a sportsbook it is like Lagasse Stadium!  I've been the 5 or 6 times and it is always top notch!  Great stadium seating...FANTASTIC FOOD!  Best sweet pork nachos I've ever eaten!!  And you have to try the famous Lagasse burger!Great service as well... cute girls with great personalities!
4	I'm going to start watching more games here. Stadium seating, projection and lcd tvs, amazing looking food, and a great athmosphere. Came by with my mom to check this place out on a Sunday night. It was opening weekend for Professional Football, so we expected this place to be busy. We didn't make a reservation or anything.. Just wanted to take a walk around the place and see what it was like. (from the people that I spoke with, it is recommended that you make a reservation so that you can sit in their stadium seating plush couches)We walked around and ended up finding two chairs to sit in and watch the Cowboys game. My mom enjoyed herself. She told me that besides watching a game live, this has to be one of the best ways to watch a sporting event. Even though we weren't sitting at actual tables, hosts and a bartender came around a few times to see if we needed any additional drinks. (thought that was really cool) All of this food kept passing us by. They have big suites around for groups and we were sitting by one of the suites. The most popular dishes/meals seemed to be the buffalo wings and the ribs. Both looked amazing!The sportsbetting line wasn't long either. I'll definitely be back. I'll even bring my mom..Or brother. (friends too) But this place is a lot of fun!
4	It'll cost ya, but if you can score a suite, luxury box or the top row couches facing the sports book, you'll be loving life watching your favorite team wreck havoc on their bitter rival.  The cost doesn't seem so bad when you are the victors!  Anyway, food is pretty decent but booze is pretty pricey, but you just can't beat the atmosphere!  One of the best sports books there is - smaller than most but it rocks!
5	After a lengthy walk around the Strip, my friends and I were ready to sit down and relax.  We wanted to go somewhere casual to grab a leisurely drink.  We happened to be in the Palazzo and were referred to Lagasse's Stadium.  We entered the massive sports bar and were shocked at how beautiful it was.  Sure, it was very dimly lit for the middle of the afternoon, but the decor oozed sophistication.  This was a place you could picture well-known sport players visiting, when they want to watch a game.  There was a light breeze outside, so we decided to grab a table on the patio.  Though the street was somewhat obscured, and it was hard to people-watch, we were loving the lazy rays from the warm sun.  Though we just ordered one round of drinks, we were there long enough to be dazzled by our attentive and friendly waiter.  Plus, my Bloody Mary was ridiculously enjoyable!  It packed the perfect amount of spice, alcohol, and tomato.  It was certainly one of the best versions of the drink that I have ever had.  I would definitely revisit Lagasse's Stadium on my next trip into town, whether it would be for another beverage, to sample the gourmet bar food courtesy of Emeril Lagasse, or to join in the ruckus during an important sporting event.  This place is a blast...in a glass!
1	I had "reservations" at 1.  Was told I needed to check in before 1:15 or I would lose the reservation.  Like a true (but sorry) Cardinals fan I checked in at 12:45, 1:00, 1:15, etc.  Each time I was told that the 10:00 o'clock game was still finishing up or that the tables were being cleared for seating which to some degree I understand.  What I don't understand in a place that is that busy, number 1 doesn't have a system for seating people and number 2 has nowhere for folks to sit in the lobby to wait to have their name called.  Which would be nice but my name was never called.  What ended up happening was there was a carousel of very furious folks with "reservations" that kept going up to the hostess podium once the previous game cleared out.  Being frustrated enough and actually having a hostess come back from the dining room stating that a table was open seemed to be the prerequisite to being seated.  I was told my name was going to get called and I stood for a long time in front of the podium and ultimately sat on the floor till I saw every single angry customer with a reservation complain and get seated as soon as there was a clean table.  I was in no mood to complain in a civil fashion so I figured I would wait till my name was called my reservation and my repeated check ins had to count for something.  It didn't my name was never called.  What did happen was I was asked while I was sitting on the floor what my name was again.  I spelled it out and was asked again.  For a place that had me check in three times out of their flawed process to ask me my name put me over the edge.  I shut down and luckily for me my wife spoke up and spelled out our name.  We were then immediately called once we could verify that we knew our own name and could spell it.  The best part being that they sat us down with the game I had reserved no where in site.  When I asked about it I was initially told they couldn't do anything about the tv's in that area but ultimately I tv above my head where I had to crane my neck was set to the Cardinals game.  It gets one set of service stars better though folks.  There are three areas to sit in.  The nice big game tiered seating which is 100 dollars per person minimum, the standard seating which is 50 per person minimum, and the communal area which is 25 minimum per person.  Not till I left did I figure out I never got my own tv and I saw the seating we should have had if it was the standard 50 per person seating.  I spent 100+ on some decent food but horrible service had I known where I was seated I would had a pretzel and a drink.  Don't go here unless you like to be treated like you are less than nothing when you plan on spending something.  I was seated in the middle of the second quarter and the Cards lost to the Steelers btw.
3	Service is very slow. Foods way to expensive. Corona is $7, Miller Lite is $6. Way to expensive
3	The best redeeming quality about this place was the service.  The food was ok.  I've had better.  The wine was good, but meh...it's a sports bar.The stadium section of the place for watching games looks incredible.  I went here for dinner and that was my mistake.    I've eaten at other Emeril's restaurants and this place didn't even rate compared to others, IMO.Those I was with loved it and would come back again and again...but they are big sports fans. :-P
4	I've been several times to Lagasse's, and I surprised it's not rated higher than it is by my fellow yelpers.  For watching a game, or games, it doesn't get any finer.  Lot's of TV's, and in rooms and settings of all kinds of styles.  From the ginormous monster TV with recliner and sofa seating, to smaller booths and tables with smaller TV's...it's great to view the games.The menu is upscale bar food, it's not the usual amazing presentation and taste of an Emeril restaurant.  But for what it is, it's really good.  I've tried several things from the burger & fries, chicken fingers, caesar salads w/chicken (fav), chicken satay, among others -- and drafts and bottle beers.I find the service attentive, and the environment fun.  Of course, since it's located in a hotel on the strip, parking and getting to it quickly is a problem vs a stand-alone place...but I don't fault the restaurant for that.Okay, so maybe it's not a homerun, but I'd say it's a solid triple, Mr Lagasse, nice job.
3	Great place to watch game. Service OK today. Go Pack!
2	Not worth the money. Food isn't great. Service is alright. Can get more bang for you buck else where.
4	One of the nicer places to watch UFC in Las Vegas.  Service is pretty good at the bar.  Huge portions of classic bar foods (nachos, dips, etc.)  The salted pretzel /w nacho cheese sauce is really good and it's huge.  Not a bad place to hang out for awhile and grab some food.
3	This place is huge and the stadium seating seems like a great place to watch a game. They also seem to have enough TVs that most tables could see the game of their choice. As for the food, it was good but not amazing. The pulled pork sandwich was above average but nothing special, it came with a few thin sliced fried pickles which are so good  they should be offered as an appetizer. I was surprised the fries seemed to be the generic frozen fries served at every chain restaurant, they should think about offering them with the fried pickle spices or maybe using hand cut ones.Not a bad lunch but nothing special unless you are there to watch a game.
1	I didn't eat here, just walked in and tried to sit down at lunch time. The people were nasty so we walked out. Plus there's a $50 minimum per person. Gotta give it to 'em - they went all the way with the ridiculous minimum.
1	Went into this mostly empty bar on Christmas Eve to watch a game.  We sat down on some comfortable couches and prepared to watch the end of the 10am game.  We were quickly shooed away by an employee and told we should sit elsewhere, as the couches are reserved for 6 person groups.  Okay, fine.We go down to the main area and ask where we can be seated.  They tell us we need to check in at the front desk.Once we get to the front desk, they tell us that they cannot seat us, as the 10am game is not out yet - we'll have to wait until the 1pm game begins.  Oh, and there's a $50 per person minimum.  We'd have to eat and drink a LOT to make that worthwhile.There are a million other places to watch a game.  We made our way over to First around the corner and were greeted by a friendly hostess who showed us to a nice, comfy couch in the bar area to watch the game - no minimum, no hassle.  We got real quality food for way less than $50 per person.
2	Let me just start off by saying that I'm a huge fan of Emeril's and I've had wonderful experiences at his other restaurants.  Not so much here.  My husband and I ventured to Lagasse's Stadium for his birthday and to watch the Texas/Cal bowl game.  We made a reservation a week ahead of time, which was not needed because the place wasn't packed like the hostess informed me it would be.  When I called about the reservation, the hostess told me that we would have to agree to a $50 per person minimum because of the bowl game.  I agreed, and then when we arrived, our server told us that this was not true.  The hostess had also told me that we would be able to enjoy a $15 for a bucket of domestic beers during happy hour from 4-8.  Much to my surprise, our server tells us this is also not true, that happy hour ends at 4.  Bummer.  We had the blue crab spinach artichoke dip which was very tasty.  The main reason I'm rating this place so low is because the customer service is terrible.  Not only the miscommunications that occurred before we even arrived, but the guy running the televisions is a complete jerk.  We had a little issue with him (he changed tvs that us Texas fans were watching and told us to watch it on another one).  Ummm, no I will not do so, that's why I made a reservation.  To top things off, the place closes at 10, and all tvs got turned off at 9:15 and we were told that we had to leave because they were closed.  I understand there's "bar time", but 45 minutes ahead of time?  Soooo rude.  Emeril needs to micromanage his management here.
1	So I signed up on this JUST to write a review on this place. Not a good thing...obviously. I was there on Sunday Jan 1st to see the NY/Dallas game. First off the place seemed legit, its what you would expect to see from a famous chef. However the service and food made the experience just awful. KEEP IN MIND that  I have been in the service industry for 7 years, mainly behind a bar, so I tend to be more forgiving towards people if they seem busy and can't get to me right away. I'm actually QUITE lenient towards servers and bartenders and tip abundantly because I know how its like to be slammed and you can only do so much. Oh i just ran across town to find you extra ketchup but when I get back to your table and you request more ranch now...ugh. I feel their pain...seriously. BACK TO LAGASSE'S! We got seated right away the hostess was pleasant...did her job end of story. Our table was right near the service station/bar so seeing that it was busy I figured getting a refill wouldn't be THAT hard cause we were so close. WRONG. Ok fine, I'm a prick sometimes but I didn't wanna come off as an A-HOLE by serving myself. So we waited...and waited. There was four of us seated at a 4 person table with only 2 table settings which most often any decent server would notice and bring more without request. WRONG. Ok fine you're busy, but even when the food comes out you don't even bother to notice? wow. So we ordered a few items. NOW THIS IS FUNNY! My sister and friend ordered a BBQ chicken pizza with a side of sweet potato fries. MY wife ordered some wings with a side of  regular fries. I ordered chicken nachos but I wanted sour cream, guac, and pico on the side. I know I'm a little picky but I only do these things so the people in my party can pick and choose if they want these toppings or not. SHE RESPONDS, ok but we are very busy so it's not guaranteed that's what you're going to get.....(WHO DOES THAT?!!!) At my bar we have some shitty servers but none of them would EVER say that. I RESPOND...well then never mind and I'm kind of laughing because I can't believe she just told me that. She goes well I will just say don't put that stuff on. Okay fine I agree. I'm just kind of over looking at this crap menu. So the food comes looks good...until I see these nachos. I wish I took a picture there was the hugest mound of chips you have ever seen in your life with splatters of nacho cheese here and there and the tiniest square shaped pieces of chicken sprinkled on top. Are you serious? Where was everything else? The beans...the meat. AND worst of all EVERYTHING...the chicken cheese and nachos was very cold. Like they forgot to heat it up. Disgusting I sent it back...in a nice way too I didn't give a a bitchy tone or raise my voice...it's not like the server made the food. But then she takes it and leaves. Doesn't say sorry (proper etiquette) and asks if I want something else instead. Ok I think to myself...I'll just eat some of this BBQ chicken pizza...waaaay better at CPK but whatever it will do. So I tried one of my wife's wings...decent but it had a unpleasant after taste. Kind of like a medicine taste...it was strange. I was over this place and the the game sucked so I just needed my check. So since the server  wouldn't dare come near our table I had to ask someone else for it.  I put my AMEX in made sure I didn't pay for those terrible nachos and sent the check to her. She brings it back thanks me and leaves. I open the check book and my credit card is not in there. Hmmm ok, I know I gave it to you because I have these credit card receipt papers to sign...and oh I'm not an idiot. We as a group flag her down because if only one of us tried it would have never happened. She comes and asks me if its in the book and I say um no. She rechecks the book like if I didn't do it and goes to her station to look for it. I'm kind of pissed but laughing at the situation because I really can't believe all I've dealt with. Good thing my wife noticed my credit card near the trashcan on the floor because our server acted like she didn't care. She didn't even apologize for losing it like that. So THANK YOU WIFE for finding it. and to that server I have your name but I won't put you on blast. I think you're in the wrong business. I'll never come here again and I will do everything in my power to steer people away. JUST AWFUL!
2	Lots of TV's - Great!Everything else - Bad!Seriously, besides the TV's, this place is a pretty mediocre sports bar/restaurant. The decor is cheap, prices bad, service bad, food soso. My advice: unless you only want to watch a game, go find another sports bar/restaurant to eat at.
2	I am a big football fan and read reviews that this was the best book in Vegas to watch football.  So my buddy and I made reservations for their stadium for Sunday night football.  The hostess took us to the our seats which was an over sized chaise lounge.  My buddy looked at me and said this is not going to work.  If you are with your girl and want to share a chaise lounge/day bed then this place will work.  If you want to watch sports, I would pass.We asked to find somewhere else to sit and they accommodated us.  Now on to the food.  Wings - very good, delicious.  Everything else is average.  Service was very good.  In summary- if you want to watch sports, eat and have a drink I would not recommend.  If the Giants did not beat the Cowboys i would have given this place 1 star
3	The location is actually good.... out of the way from wandering tourists.  You've probably read the $50/person rule.  Means that for every one game you're sitting in a booth/table/sofa, everyone in the party needs to order $50 worth of food/drinks.  I'm OK with this.  The $50/person rule is in place because they don't want people just hanging out and taking a seat/table from someone who actually will pay for food/drinks and is thus understandable because in Vegas you can get people who will go in, sit down and never order anything and take up space from others who can generate revenue.  Service depends on who you get.  I've been on dozen occasions and you can either get a cool server who will not enforce that $50/person rule as long as you're not sitting there sipping on water (and more importantly, not ordering SOMETHING).  We had one server who rounded up to $50/hr but we spent an average of $47/person so that wasn't cool.  If we would have known that, we would have ordered something to take with us instead of being dinged for the extra amount.  She's the Saints-fan.  She knows who she is.  The only memorable server was Bailey.  She was cool and very efficient.  Food is good but pricey but that's to be expected in that part of the strip.
4	This is the place in Vegas to watch games and place your sports bets. I've been here twice, first time over the summer, second time NFL divisional playoffs. If your coming here for a big game(s), like the playoffs, expect it to be booked! (Reservations for Suberbowl have been completely booked for months.) We did not make a reservation so we chanced it and waited 2 hours in the reservation cancellation line. Anyone who does not show up 15 minutes after there reservation loses it, we were 4th in line, luckily we got in about 15 minutes before kickoff. If it is booked and you don't want to wait in the line there is standing room in the bar. Also big game days expect to spend the minimum $50 per person (not to hard to do). Food is okay, wings are awesome. Love the feeling like your watching the game in your own little personal living room.
4	We came to Lagasse Stadium since we were staying at the Palazzo and it was obviously very convenient.  We had some time to kill before we caught a cab to the airport so we stopped in for lunch.  My boyfriend and I both ordered the burgers which we loaded with cheese and bacon.  The French fries were super good and the burgers were really big and tasted amazing.  The place is really cool especially if you're there to watch a game and/or place some bets.  There are a ton of TV's and cool places to sit and relax.  I would definitely come back here for a game, some good bar food and a time-out from the casino.
2	Sub average food served in a stuffy venue with a lot of big screen TVs. I watched an NBA game 6 final here from one of the bleacher/lounge areas in front of a big screen. The chairs felt dirty and, since I ordered food and there were only bedside tables available, it wasn't the most comfortable dining or watching experience. I don't plan on visiting again.Notables: reservations required, at least, to sit in front of the big screens.
5	Sports lovers dream. Fun very relaxing atmosphere. 100 PLUS HIGH DEF PLASMA TVS.I even loved the restrooms. Very sleek and bold grey.If you were in a suit , heels or your jersey  you would feel like you made the right choice.  You will feel welcome. I do need to say the waitress lacked the knowledge in the IPA department. She actually was unaware what an IPA was. This was upsetting to my boyfriend and I. We would've thought the staff in a mega sport's bar would know an IPA was a type of beer. The portion size was average. This was a place on the list of things to do. I would defiantly return during a game in hopes of happy hour specials.
2	I seem to go to Lagasse's Stadium at least once every time I go to Vegas and yet I still never learn my lesson.  Let me start by saying the design of the place is really cool.  HDTV after HDTV throughout the place and a sports book to make your bets.  I would warn you not to try to get a seat on an NFL Sunday or major sporting event as it is booked months in advance.The lounge area is really neat in concept.  Now to the reason I ended on 2 starts...the food, the prices, and the service.First off, the food is sub par at best.  I've had a couple items that were ok on the menu, such as the nachos and the water, but I've had many more which were just poor.Next is the cost.  Most items are $5-10 over prices and beers are $7.  Go at a hot time of the week and they may require a minimum $/hour spent.  Lastly, the service is horrific.  Sitting in the lounge, you can actually watch your waitress stand up by the bar talking to other workers while your drink goes dry or you wait to order.  I have been to Lagasse's about 7 times, but I can only think of one time I have had good service.  The last time I was there in Dec, there were a total of 4 groups of people watching the games, having a few beers and eating, yet we sat waiting to order food and drinks.  When we were done with our meal, we had to wait 20 minutes for the waitress to clear our plates.For some stupid reason I keep going back. It is like a bad monument.  You go once time to see the place and you over look bad because the bar/monument is so cool...however after you have gone several times, you start to see the core to the business and it becomes apparent that they bar is just not good.I won't fault you for going one time, but if you go a second time and it is as bad as the first, don't say I didn't warn you.
2	It was alright.  I probably would have had a better time at the stadium seating, or if the game I wanted to watch actually had audio.  Funny thing is, it was absolutely dead AND we had a reservation... But they still sat us in a little booth far away from the rest of the world.  I couldn't even hear what was going on the screen of my dear Lakers playing, and instead had to listen to the commentary during the Knicks game.  Bleh!Oddly enough, when asked what we wanted to watch and I requested the Lakers game...  The hostess responded with "Oh, well it's not on for another hour anyway"... When the game was actually starting in 5 minutes.  Hmm... As a result, it took them 15 minutes to finally change the channel on our screen.The food is a little better quality than your run of the mill dive... But it's still bar food.  I had the sweet potato fries and the Rueben.  Both were good, but not amazing or anything.  Needless to say, we left during the 2nd quarter of the game.  I would have been pretty irritated if we had to pay the $50 minumum per person tab that they sometimes require.  Probably won't be back here on my future trips to Sin City.
2	Wait a minute...Are you trying to tell me that Chef Emeril "BAM, my flavor is going to slap your mama in the face" Laggasse is to blame for this place?  I don't believe it for one second.  Why would a chef who made a name for himself using Cajun spices, create a concept that is challenged by almost any other sports bar ANYWHERE in the US?I was there with a group of people for a work function.  The set up was nice, we had a private room with our own bar and a table full of apps.  Ill give credit where credit is due, the wings were very good.  But every other app (veggie plate, egg rolls, fried something gross, pigs in a blanket) were all mediocre at best.  It tasted like they had an industrial sized box of anytizers that they just cranked out to keep our party of 20 fed.The main meal was not much better, between the cheese burger and the upscale steak sandwich, I was just not impressed.  The sandwich was overcooked, the bread was bland, and the blue cheese and onion mixture reminded me of a recipe in "My first cook book."  But again, credit must go to the Parmesan truffle fries that came on the side, they were incredible.The service is the only reason that I am not giving one star.  All of the people who worked our room were very attentive, friendly, and personable.  They worked very hard to ensure that we had a good time and always kept our drinks topped off.Also, Emeril,...Work on the sports memorabilia on the walls.  The unsigned $7 Brett Favre jersey that you clearly bought at Kmart and framed brings the ambiance down.  I have a drawer full of old Jersey's with no value, let me know if you run out.
4	The BEST INTERIOR for a sports bar in the world!!! The WORST SERVICE in the world!!!  The food is average, if not above average.... which, by my sports bar standards, is a good thing.------UPDATED FROM ORIGINAL REVIEW:  I stick to my review of terrible service in the fluffy sofa main room, but Chris the bartender "flipped" my bar service experience. Then again, if you want great service, the belly up approach never hurts. GO TO the food and booze...don't wait for it. LOL
1	Terrible service on our second visit. Made a reservation and was seated on time. Waited for 20 minutes without seeing a server. After 20 minutes, we got up and asked the bartender to send a waitress over. The waitress stopped by for 30 seconds to say she'd be right back. After another 10 minutes, we got up and walked out. From our first experience, the food is average. Incredibly overpriced for what you get. The real experience is the stadium seating (which has a $100 minimum per person at game time, fyi).
2	The setting is awesome, the menu is solid. The service and quality were below expectations.
4	I want to start by saying I did not order any food. The design of this place is incredible. Honestly the coolest sports bar I have been to in ages. I love the lounge type set up for the big screens. The outdoor couches and tvs are also really awesome because it is great being able to people watch, have a drink, and watch the game at the same time.My girlfriend and I had just finished a long day of walking and really wanted to get a quick drink and watch a little bit of a game. We had just missed happy hour so we grabbed a couple of "cheap" beers. After having two the bartender came over to our couch with two more. I later ask for the tab and he says it is only $10. I ask how that is possible and he says the second two drinks were on the house. Always exciting! I say thank you because it was the first free drink my girlfriend had gotten on her 21st Bday. When he heard that he went back and brought us each a free double birthday cake shot (AWESOME). Emril knows how to do things right!
4	Lagasse's Stadium is fu*king awesome if you're a guy who likes sports, and has a little cash to burn.  There is no other place I've found that lets you bet, get fucked up, and eat while watching HUGE TV's in a bar setting (that doesn't have slot machines in sight).  If you're a man's man, you'll love it.  **The reason it's not 5 stars is that I found the food to be very underwhelming.  Suggestion:  Rent a private room if you have 6-10 people.  It's awesome and comes with 3 50" TV's, pool table, and Ms. Pacman (in case you're $1000 bets aren't doing well and you need something to take your mind off it).
2	This was my 2nd time visitin Lagasse's and honestly it probably wont be my last but I didnt have such a great time. went in 2nd half of a Miami Heat game, place wasn't busy, and we got seated on the first row of the stadium, but i know they do take reservations for playoffs, etc. Our waiter was horrible! he seemed like he did not want to be working and visited us maybe 3 times during our time there. I think he didn't want to be at work.Food was ehh, fries were great, nachos were overdone. Oddly enough after about 35 min the waiter had made a mistake on our pizza order, and it took me about 12 min to get his attention and let him know that it was the wrong pizza. *he didn't even apologize! at least acknowledge the mistake you fool.  Anyways, i don't want to loose hope in this place, because its a great spot to watch all sports games and relax on the comfortable seating. i'll write an update IF i visit again, for now 2 stars is even a lot for them.
4	So apparently this used to be Jay-Z's 50/50 club... which is sorta cool. Definitely a man's place with TV's everywhere. I was sorta in the VIP type section for an event I attended that was hosted here, and it was really nice. We had a buffet setup in our area with TONS of food and everything was good. The service was so-so, certain staff members were really nice while others sorta had attitudes. Gotta hate that...Basically it's an elegant man's place. Very gorgeous and is rightfully so located in such a gorgeous hotel. It's one classy sports bar... in terms of decor.I didn't experience this place like a regular patron, but if I did I feel like I'd give them a 3/5, but since we were catered too I have to give them at least 4/5, with the one star off being for the lukewarm service.
2	I had high hopes for this place.  I mean really, Emeril Lagasse and hyped as  "the best sports experience in Las Vegas" pumped me up for the visit.  Man was I disappointed.  The best thing I can say about this place is they have televisions at each table and just about everywhere you look.   Other than that, there is no comfort feel to this restaurant/sports book.  The menu is over priced.  Based on my experience at other Emeril locations, I expected creative twists on bar favorties.  However, there is little creativity here. The menu items are basic traditional fare with little or no "bam" that Emeril is famous for.  It almost seems like they slapped Emeril's name on the restaurant and added one or two pseudo emeril meal choices just to get people in the door.  I will say that it is easy to place bets here and you won't miss any of the action but I expected much much more.
3	Solid eats. A group of us came in for lunch. Pizza's were spot-on... light & crisp. Pulled-pork sandwich was big and tasty. One weird disappointment was getting drinks served in plastic cups. I get it... supposed to be like being at a "stadium", but c'mon. This is Vegas and they can do better with drinks. FYI, the pretzel & sauce appetizer is great.
3	Fantastic french dip, pretzel appitzer, and banana cream pie were yummy!  Great place to watch sports and can get private tables/boxes.  Can do betting right from resturant.
4	This is a great place to watch a game.  There is a nice sports book on the premise and you can sit back on the couches and have nice fatty foods like nachos, buffalo wings, beer, etc.The only slight knock is that the line for the sports book gets really long sometimes.
2	Decor and set up wise I think i would actually give this place a 4 or 5 star. If you are going on football Sunday make sure you make reservations (i think it may have been extra bad because we went during playoff season). We didn't know and just showed up wanting to watch a game and get some food. The hostess told us it was around an hour wait and that they would seat us after the current games were over. The hostesses were not very helpful and were all very rude....an hour wait ended up being over a 2 hour wait to be seated and we only waited that long because we had been in line waiting and didn't want to leave after having waited. To top things off after waiting that long the hostess let us know that there was a $50/person spending minimum to be seated....did they tell us that 2 hours ago before we started waiting...no! We had to speak to the manager and they finally waived that price....the waiter was very unhappy when he found this out though and was very rude, short, and inattentive with us. My friend got a burger and luckily didn't choke when he bit down on a bone! Atmosphere is great but the food is so/so and the service is horrendous! They definitely need to work on their customer service!
1	What a disappointment after dining at another Lagasse restaurant the night before. Don't bother with this place, if you can find it. it's nothing more than a run down sub-basement sports bar with boring chain-like greasy food.It should be cool as there are TVs everywhere and the layout is interesting but your first clue that there's a problem is the Home Depot-like carpet squares are coming unglued from the floor.Shame on Lagasse for lending his name to this. He obviously lent nothing to the kitchen. Hope the check was a big one.
1	Unfortunately, this is the only Sportsbook at the Palazzo. The first thing you'll notice is that it's not near anything else in the casino. They sort of stuck down in the basement, away from everything else.  It typically costs at least $100 just to sit down (even at the bar chairs). Perhaps the most egregious thing is that when there are major sporting events (Superbowl, NCAA tourney) the confined space winds up smelling like a locker room or worse.  Because the bathrooms are located in the main room and have no doors, the stench wafts into the main room and basically stays trapped in this sealed chamber of stink they call a stadium. And it gets worse and worse as the game goes on.  Imagine hundreds of people, drinking beer, eating wings and chili fries taking dumps right next to you as you watch the World Series.  (Because that's exactly what it smells like -- that or if like 30 women all got perms and then whizzed on the floor.)  It's not like the bathrooms are down a long hallway or around the corner or anything --- they're right there in the main space, with no doors, with the stench of sweet potato fries diarhea constantly flowing into the main room. Bam! If it didn't have the funk of doo-doo in there, it would actually be a good place to watch games because of the stadium seating (almost like futons) and the TV set up.  The $100 per person minimum is insulting though, especially when you've bet much more on the game itself. Remember the days when you'd get a comfy chair and free drinks in a sports book?  Those days are over.  At least at this one.P.S. You'll be tempted to walk over to the sports book at the Venetian.  It's pretty horrible also.  It's almost entirely geared towards the ponies and those horse race regulars take up all the seats -- which are in rows behind these red "Wall of China-like" lacquered separators. (The noodle shop next door only helps this comparison.) There are also these extremely bright spot lights that blind you. Do not look up and consider wearing sunscreen. It's really a horrible, uncomfortable sports book with zero class and even less taste. Imagine if Target opened a sports book.  This is what it would look like. And one of the big screen TVs (one of two) wasn't even showing the fight in HD!If you're resigned to stay at the Palazzo, go to the Two Pianos bar on the Casino level.  They show most games and usually there's no minimum to watch the games. Just get yourself a few drinks.  People smoke a lot in there but in my opinion, smoke is better than doo-doo.
4	We had landed early in the morning and were dragging around dinner time and just wanted a burger.  So simple!The ad for this caught my eye and I remember it was being built when we were last in Vegas.  I recall wondering if Emeril even watches sports and why this was here at all...In any case, dinner seating were some plush couches and pillows with ottomans.  With a huge series of screens in front of you.  We watched a March Madness game and got all caught up in the excitement. The food wasn't special but ti wasn't bad.  Decent prices (for Vegas) and it did it's job!  Great environment - like it a lot for some elegant sports lounging!  And of course, if you feel the need....there are plenty of people down the risers of sofas waiting to take your bets!
1	Very disappointing.  Shabby and dirty, food is very average. Not good when plate is hotter than the steak.  Lot's of TV's, if that's what impresses you, but food, service and ambience are pretty poor.  It feels like it's in the basement, which is actually quite appropriate.  Emeril may have his name on the place but he hasn't been here in a long time.
3	Went during a ufc fight.  Fight is free no cover.  Drink are extremely expensive and not strong.  They have a couple bj tables in there.  Don't know about the food.  Wouldn't recommend you come here for drinks
3	My first time at Lagasse's was ok.My bf was really excited to go to this place to watch the hockey game so we went there and I was impressed by the "stadium" set up: huge flat screen tv and couch/booth lined up like a theater, perfect to watch sports games.Atmosphere was nice and casual.We made a reservation and were seated right away.Service was good, our waitress always kept an eye on us in case we needed anything.Menu was simple, burgers, sandwiches, fries, appetizers, prices were ok for food, overpriced drinks though but I guess that is just all over Vegas.On the other hand, the food we ordered was horrible! (giak!).We got a veggie platter to start, that was ok, but our pizzas were so bad that even my starving man could only have 2 slices! (and believe me, he would eat anything when he is hungry!). Doughy, soggy, tasteless, greasy, I would even say probably undercooked. It was just disgusting!We had a good time because of the experience of watching the game with a bunch of other fans on the big screen so for that I give them 4 stars but the food definitely lowers their rating to 2 stars, so average to 3 stars.Emeril's name on this place makes you think it would be great...big disappointment for someone that really loves good food!.If you go here to enjoy some sports, my recommendation would be go to have a nice dinner first and then go to Lagasse's for drinks.
3	Loathe as I am to patronize anything by marketing creation and lackluster chef Emeril, We stopped in based on the recommendations of a friend. Probably the first stadium seating sports bar I've been in, and it goes on and on, with more traditional bar seating around the center "stadium." Tons of TVs, including a wall with probably 12 60"+ screens and one massive projection screen, plus private booths, some with multiple of their own TVs. Way better than your smoky Vegas sports book. We just had drinks, so no comments on food, but some of it looked good, in a traditional sort of way. All the seating is couch style, all pretty comfy. Being here for an NCAA tournament would be pretty awesome, but I'm guessing it's tricky to get in the door. I could even see myself coming to sporting events I totally didn't care about, just for this place (the hotel is advertising hard for the NFL Draft party here in a week or two).
4	So many TV screens- it is a MAN's heaven. You can bet on pretty much any event that is going on there. They have a full bar and menu. I did not eat anything there but It looked like basic bar food. They have modern comfortable couches and a real low key vibe. Good place to watch a game or fight.
4	Well I'm conflicted writing a review here.  So let me break down the pluses and work down to the negatives.As said before, this is a man's heaven, sports bar/tv wise.  There are rooms with sofas and huge plasma tv's and its a great place to bring the boys and watch your team.  It's difficult on the weekends to get one of these rooms but during the week not bad.  The main seating area has a TV in every nook and corner and if you can't find a place to watch at least 5-6 games with clarity then you are crazy.  For viewing sports and the energy, I give it 5 stars.I give the food 3-4 stars.  It's bar food, yep.  It's a cut above your normal bar food in taste, but out of every 8-9 items I think you get a bad one.  cold, or over cooked, or something.  The place is big but with big places comes a another level of quality control that you can't give up on, and have to work twice as hard, to deliver on.I give 2-3 stars for the greeters/waiters-waitresses and customer service in general.  Don't plan on needing anything on a busy night in a hurry.  give em credit, there's just a ton of people in here on a busy night, but again they should staff accordingly.
5	I had a hard time debating on how to rate this restaurant.  The restaurant food is 3 stars but the TV's and seating is above anything else in Vegas.  The stadium seating is amazing.  They also have an outdoor lounge area that is cooled.  This is the perfect place to watch games or place bets.  Yes, it is a sports book as well.  The food is what you would find in any sports bar and is decent.  It's not terribly busy during the day and is a perfect place to hang out with friends.
4	If you're looking to make a sports bet or just watch a game this place is super cool and definitely worth a visit if you're in Vegas. If you're not looking to watch a game or make a sports bet why are you even considering Lagasse's?  This place is made for sports. There's no reason why after visiting your complaint should be that it's "too sporty" like some of the other reviews have stated.We went this past weekend to put some bets on a basketball game.  When we got to the door a couple of the guys had cigars and were told that there was no smoking allowed inside.  (No smoking in Vegas?!?!  Weird and awesome if you're trying to get away from the cancer cloud that covers this city.) The guy told us that instead we could sit on the patio and offered to escort us there.  He then walked us around and sat us in our own little patio spot with white leather chairs and couches, two flat panel televisions, a pool table and our own private window to the bartender.  It was fantastic! At least there I could lose some major money on a basketball game with class!I was also able to experience the inside a bit during trips to the restroom and the inside was totally impressive as well.  They had more tv's than I've ever seen in a place with a very cool and chic feel.  Whether you decide to sit outside or inside you're in for a treat for watching the games.As for the food, everything I tried was good.  We had chicken wings, soft pretzels (delicious) with cheese dipping sauce and a steak sandwich with french fries. Although it was all very tasty the surprising winner for me was the fries.  They were steak fries with truffle oil and parmesan cheese.  I don't think I've ever had a more flavorful french fry. You want to eat these. I promise.If you're in Vegas and you're looking to watch the game at a stylish place with major television real estate and solid food options this is the place for you.
2	What's with the restaurants in Vegas.  It's freakin hot this time of year. WAITER'S, show up at the table WITH WATER?  Do I really need to ask, only to wait 10 minutes for you to come back? Geesh!  Ordered a beer and the wings. Emeril, pretty disappointed in your wings! They were meaty, which was a plus, but lacked flavor and punch. Wait staff was S L O W !  I might have been more understanding if I wasn't pretty much the only person in the place at the time. But, saved me money on a tip. Too bad.
4	Nice set up with the stadium seating in one section and different levels of seating throughout the restaurant.  Tons of screens to watch the NBA Finals.  Service was fairly quick and the server was very nice.  I ordered a burger with bacon and it was cooked to my preference perfectly.  The sweet potato fries were delicious, especially the sauce it came with.  I had a vodka sprite and it was well mixed, not watered down.
4	Made a reservation for two on the eve of game two of the 2012 NBA Finals here at Lagasse's Stadium.  With my OKC swag on my buddy and I arrived at 6pm sharp before tip off.  Our table was ready downstairs close to the mega 100 foot screen.  I ordered the Stadium Burger with caramelized onions and applewood smoked bacon.  Upon delivery I barely noticed any onions.  Fortunately they were grilled but well hidden in the center of the burger.  Cooked just right (medium) the burger satisfied my appetite along with the sweet potato fries.  The dipping sauce resembled a sweet mayo flavor.  Perfect complement for the crunchy sweet potato fries.  To curb my sweet desires I ordered Emeril's banana cream pie for desert.  Delicious came thru yet again as the banana cream pie filling was thick but not overly sweet.  The whip cream and caramel was marginal and not over-compensating the pie.  I definitely took my time enjoying each bite!Service was great.  No issues at all except for the rowdy Miami Heat fans!  Next year we'll get you!  THUNDER UP!
1	This place is stupid. It just doesn't make sense at all. I couldn't even figure out what the hell was going on here. The bar area has like three tv's. I just wanted to have some happy hour drinks and bet on some horse to start the day. TV's showing horses were not near the bar. The bartender was a toolbox. We ordered our well drinks, a bloody mary and a screwdriver and he tried to charge me $19. I inquired if it was happy hour and he was like "oh...umm yeah, hold on". Seriously? I'm sure you knew it was happy hour. Then he comes back and says that only the screwdriver would be included in happy hour as a bloody mary wasn't a well drink. Really?....Then I sat there and drank my weak drink. Masses of idiots swarmed in for reserved seating for some stupid soccer match. Soccer sucks and so did they. I never really felt like I was supposed to sit anywhere in here. They acted like I shouldn't be at their bar. Their are some tramps at the door but they dont seat you, they just say hi. Its all pretty confusing. Why bother with the tramps? What service do they provide? Do I seat myself or not? What the hell? Sounds like the food is terrible too. I think I'll just go to the regular sports book at Harrahs and drink free drinks and sit wherever the hell I want next time. Apparently its just too "cool" for me here....
2	The atmosphere is excellent if you're into sports.  But the food and service need much improvement.
3	Watched UFC 148 here. We walked in and ordered a few drinks and watched the fight for less than $20 (spent on drinks). Super cool and chill place. It was nice to escape the Vegas heat and just watch a fight without having to pay an arm. Most places were charging a minimum of $25 per person or minimum of $100 per person for better seats.+ cool ambiance+ lots of TVs+ good food (from what I saw)+ Note to self: next time order the NACHOS (HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE for $14)+ Maia won!!! Made some money.- Lost money on Sonnen. dang it. DID YOU SEE THE FIGHT!!!!!!!! ughhhh
4	My review is based off a quick walkthrough, I did not stay.THis place is pretty awesome if you are in Vegas w/ the boys. I definitely need to hang out here and watch some games w/ having lunch.Gourmet Food - Sportsbook - Stadium Seating
3	Good food. However, private TV should mean 1) I get my own speakers so I can hear the channel I'm watching or 2) closed captioning. For the love of God it's the Olympics. You should be broadcasting the games and not some stupid inconsequential Rays vs Angels game. Irritating. Stupid. Clueless.
3	Hubs and I wandered by here while avoiding the 105 temperature. Our Giants were playing and we were ready for some snacks so we headed in. We were seated in the stadium area, which has cushy seating and one huge tv surrounded by about eight other smalls ones covering various other sporting events including ping pong and the Olympics. Luckily our game was on the biggest screen.The Stadium is definitely a male-centric place, which was fine since it is there for sports. The menu is pretty small with Vegas style prices - so don't expect to find any deals here if you're looking for a cheap beer. We weren't there at Happy Hour so I can't attest to those prices.We ordered wings (pretty yum, crispy) and some onion rings.For drinks we ordered a pitcher of beer. All-in-all in was a pleasant experience and pretty quiet in there. Although I would have been happier if the Giants had won.
3	This is between a 3 and 4 star for me.  Its a sports bar and does pretty well supplying all  the screens you need to watch just about any game.  The food is decent for a sports bar.  If you are expecting a great meal then go to a restaurant but if its a few beers and much better than average sports bar food, this place fits the bill
3	I came to chill and watch some sports on a sunday afternoon. I got a complimentary bottle only domestic beer: miller light. grazie card.- nice place to kick it and watch whatever is on espn at the time- sucks that all TVs are the same- It was practically dead. 2 other  people were there with us. lol. - I won at video black jack. You can actually bet up to $100! haha- Old Lebron jersey. Cavs.- Private TV seatings look pretty elegant. - comparing complimentary beers with grazie, first bar is better. you can choose stella!
3	Surprisingly disappointing.  When you walk into a Lagasse restaurant you expect to receive good quality food. I had the fish and chips expecting them to be great given the chef's name behind the restaurant.  The fish was actually a little soggy and seemed to be near the end of it's shelf life. The fries were good.  Sadly to say, the best thing on my plate was the tar tare sauce.My husband on the other hand, had spicy dry rub baby back ribs and he liked them.  I tried a little bite and thought the sauce was over cooked because it was kind of congealed onto the meat. The pretzel and beer cheese dip were really good and I recommend trying the sweet potato fries with the Cinnamon dip...they were very good.  One of the other people we were dining with shared a couple of his fries.If you want to watch a sports game, then this is a good place to go...to watch a game.  Just don't have high food standard expectations.  There is a tv at every table so you can watch your game without people getting in the way.I also recommend waiting to pay the bill right before you leave, otherwise they will leave you high and dry and spending the rest of the game without anything to drink.
2	Visited at 4:30 on a Thursday, wasn't very busy.  Food ordered was ok, up charges on items were pretty steep, $5 to sub in Parmesan fries with your burger.Seating was a bad experience, was given a walk through the area with food order minimums of 25 to 50 per person depending on the table.Server messed up our order a little, missed one item, but not a big deal.  How about you repeat my order back to me so I know you got it?The big downer, being asked for a credit card after ordering. Wtf is that all about? I don't think I appear shady, and at a restaurant it feels disrespectful.Will not return.
1	My husband and I might have had the worst service I've ever experienced. I am so disappointed in this place. Will never return. Food was fine, but the lack of service and respect and the way we were treated brings this rating to just 1 star.
4	I really enjoy this place. Brought some co workers in for dinner on a Wednesday evening.We were seated asap and sat in front of the large flat screens and counter where you can place bets.We watched  baseball and started off with the BBQ shrimp appetizer along with cold beers. For my entree,  I went with the oyster Po Boy which was tasty and came with fries that were just OK. For dessert also and I chose the Banana cream pie - Graham cracker crust, caramel sauce, chocolate shavings and fresh whipped cream. The pie was definitely the highlight of the evening with the shrimp appetizer second. My co workers enjoyed the evening and the layout of this massive sports bar. The patio is cool BC its facing the strip and even has pool tables you can rent.Prices here tend to be on the higher side but then again Lagasse's Stadium is one of the best sports bar I've visited.
1	I went in for an early dinner and some drinks. I had planned to stay and watch sports afterwards. I was seated a a table on the rail by the door.  Not a prime location but it was just me so.. no problem. When I sat down I imediately paid for dinner and a beer because my waitress was taking off.The food was good but not great. I had the Shrimp Po'boy.  The shrimp was really good. in quality and ample. The bread was cut so the shrimp had a tough time staying in the sandwich. The fries were good too.  It all could have used the tabasco I asked for. I asked for tabasco 2 times and never got any.I understand there is a minimum of $50 a person here.  This is where it gets sticky. Don't try to stay here too long.. About the time I was settling in I was told another  minimum would be required.  Since I wasn't sure how much longer I would stay..1/2 hour to an hour at most and there was no way to comprimise on this new minimum.  I left.  The place was half empty and they could have used the sales.  I left half a plate of nachos just to avoid further embarrassment.  I have never been treated this rudely anywhere. I like other sports bars (ESPN, Fox Sports Grills, locals) and should have found one.I should  have simply found another restaurant to eat at and watched ESPN in my room or another bar. I WILL NEVER GO BACK.Nothing special here.  The food is adequate, the service ok, the management questionable.
1	Yes, it is amazing with awesome HD screens. Loungy, with very new hip vibe. But for a $50 MINIMUM per person, per game, this place is not worth it. The staff had no patience, even though place was dead on Saturday afternoon during CFB season
2	Of all the food experiences while staying at the palazzo this was the worst. Staff seemed to be rushing us and then we couldn't find them. Next thing we knew they were closing down and it was still early. Seems when the last game is over they shut it down. Tried again another night to go down for a drink and it was already closed as well. Food was mediocre and not something I'd rec. good place to watch a game (when they're on) and there is a sports book desk if you want to bet but I'd eat elsewhere and get here early.
5	Best place in town to get a  group of friends together and go watch the game!!!!!
1	100 min per person PER game for college football...please.  I don't care how big the screens are - $800 for a party of 4 to watch a couple games is just stupid.
3	Pretty cool spot, but as previously mentioned, it can get super packed.  Forget about getting a table for high profile games ... and getting a table on a Saturday or Sunday during football season ain't gonna happen!  Luckily we flew in to Vegas around 4:00 on a Thursday, so we were basically grabbing dinner since we were still on east coast time.  The only action going on was a divisional playoff baseball game, so it wasn't too crowded.  They have stadium seating (hence the name of the restaurant), so almost impossible for anyone to be in your way while watching the multiple big screens on the wall.  That didn't affect us anyway, as we sat on leather couches/benches in a lounge area that had its own personal television.  The only downside was that they supposedly accommodate 6 to 8 people, but give you a small slender table meant to hold food for about 3 people.  This was not acceptable considering we had drinks, a couple appetizers, silverware, and eventually the entrees.  One other thing to mention about this place ... alongside the big screens were current betting odds, which was kinda cool.  Service was "mehhh" ... they weren't very attentive to refills, requesting extra napkins, extra ketchup, etc.  As for the meal, not a great selection of beers, but they did have a few "beer bucket" specials.  The reason for three (3) stars instead of two (2) is striclty based on the pretzel and beer cheese ... yum.  My entree (pastrami sandwich) and side of onion rings were rather average ... good, but average.My Quick and Dirty review:Atmosphere - Pretty cool (other than the tiny tables used in the lounge area seating)Service - PoorFood - Average (except pretzel & beer cheese, which was exquisite)Summary - Good spot if you want to keep track of 4+ sporting events, but I enjoyed the Public House more.  They are a short walk down towards the Venetian ... better menu, better drink selection, and more comfy seating. Fewer TVs, but if you grab a seat at the bar (or lounge area), it's easy to settle in.
1	World Series weekend, most tvs are turned to college football. Additionally, this is NOT a standard sports book. You can't just come in and chill. This is a money making MACHINE. Every seat, even the cheap seats at a skinny casual counter with non comfy stools designate a $50 per person minimum. Take a table with cushy chairs or couch and you're ordered to spend much higher. IMO, Palazzo needs a regular sportsbook with more flexible viewing options. A) football is NOT the only sport in the country in late October and B) I should be able to simply order a glass of wine while watching the sport of my choice. Not a fan, unimpressed, and won't be back.
4	Good service and comfortable seating.  The setup - 5 star.  We made reservations (and I highly recommend doing so) for a Saturday.  I had read the reviews that the place gets a little crazy right before the games so we made the reservation for 30 minutes before kick off.  This gave everyone time to settle in, place their bets, or a round of drinks before kick off.  The service - 5 star.  Based on other reviews, I agree that the staff was attentive but not overly.  I disagree that this is a bad thing, however.  If you are passionate about games (which I am), this is a HUGE plus.  It was almost like the staff knew when the commercials where to see if you needed another round.The sports book - 4 star. The SB inside the stadium was fully staffed with people who are used to dealing with unfamiliar bettors.  This is either a good thing (if you are not sure what team number you want to bet on) or a bad (if you want the person in front of you to hurry up).  My buddy had never placed a bet before and they were very helpful.The food - 2 star.  the only marginal aspect in my opinion.  The nachos (and salsa) were really good but that was it.  I am embarrassed to say we were there for about 8 hours and pretty sure we tried the entire menu without anything other than the nachos being a positive experience.  Highly suggest avoiding the shrimp (eek).Overall, if you like having personal space, be comfortable, have a couple bucks to spend on food/drink, and want to be able to experience the excitement with others, this is your spot.  If you like it loud, crowded, and traditional, you're probably better served at the Venetian SB (was there the following day and enjoyed it).
4	Great place to watch sports. The food is great and drinks are fairly priced for a Strip location. Service can be a little slow when it's busy in there. Reservations strongly suggested during major sporting events.
5	Went here on a recomendation from a friend.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Awsome sports bar and food!!!!!  I'll be coming back!!!
1	Some one explain to me why the outside patio is closed until 4:30pm?  Nice sunny 70 degree day lots of street traffic and the patio is closed until the sun goes down?  Emerald do you have any idea what these idiots are doing at this place?  And snot nosed about it too. And i was not alone about this, this past friday afternoon check the tapes.
2	I was looking for a suitable venue to watch the IU-Georgia basketball game with my family.  Lagasse's Stadium seemed to fit the bill.  A big name chef lending his name to a sports bar/sports book in the Palazzo...what could be better?  Lagasse's Stadium is a huge, multi-level sports bar cum sports book with HD large screen flat-panels dispersed liberally around the establishment.  It offers a full service bar and menu with the usual bar food suspects, presumably with the Emeril "bam!"   Lagasse's Stadium has plenty of table seating as well as lounge seating with a personal HD flat-panel for your area.  We elected to sit in a lounge for our semi-private viewing of the game. As a venue to watch your game goes, Lagasse's Stadium is first-rate.  Sadly, where it falls way short is the one place you'd think it would be nailed down tight, the food.  We started off on a good foot with the Tuna Poke Chips appetizer ($15).  The diced Ahi tuna and avocado were fresh tossed in a ponzu vinaigrette and served atop crispy wonton chips which were drizzled with a spicy Chinese mustard.  It came with a small wakame salad on the side.  The app was flavorful without being overdressed with the vinaigrette.  The only negative was the $15 price for the amount received.  However, after our app, the wheels fell off of the chuck wagon.  My dad and I ordered Oyster Po Boy ($16) sandwiches.  Both of our po boys came with what should've been four large-sized, fried oysters on New Orleans-style French Bread with lettuce, tomato and Creole mayonnaise.  Sadly, our oysters were deep-fried into submission leaving only a slightly burnt flavored batter and sad, desiccated oysters within.  I've been to New Orleans.  I know Emeril has been there, too.  No way would he ever mistake these poorly executed excuses for authentic Po Boys.  Lagasse's Stadium delivered something that was practically worthless at twice the price of what a po boy could be found in New Orleans.  My mom ordered the Fish and Chips ($15).  Yet again, the kitchen failed to properly execute the dish.  The beer-battered cod was nicely fried and not too greasy, but the fried fish was way over salted to the point of being inedible.  Not even alcohol could overcome the food fail since Lagasse's Stadium's beer and spirits selection was entirely lackluster.  If I'm going to pay a premium price for a drink to wash down the overpriced, poorly executed food, then you should have something premium on your drink menu.  At least our server was personable, attentive, but not intrusive.  The service and the fact that IU beat Georgia were about the only positives of our visit. Emeril, if you're going to lend your well-respected name in the culinary world to any establishment, even if it's only a sports bar on steroids, then you should make sure the bar food that they serve meets your same minimum standards that you'd require at Delmonico, Table 10, or your eponymous Emeril's Fish House.  If I were a judge on Top Chef like you, and you served this food to me, I would tell you to pack your knives and go.
2	Overrated. This is unfortunately a lot of what Vegas is. You wait in line and spend a lot for a name. One of the folks in our party really wanted to go here, so we went. There's a $250 minimum which isn't too hard to meet with 4-5 people eating and drinking over the course of a football game. Service was slow and the prices were high (compared to similar food/drink not at a casino hotel). I was underwhelmed by the food; I figured something with Emeril's name on it would really have some amazing food. But, alas, I've had better and more exciting meals at Applebee's. The waitresses were friendly, but as mentioned above, it just took a long time for the first one to serve us drinks, then longer to get our food. I would not return.
1	This is a review for a place I went to last year, started reviewing, and then stopped, so it will be brief.   We were here for a UFC fight, so we had to pay extra to get in.  Big waste of money.  Where we were seated meant we could NOT get beer on tap, but we had no choice about where to sit.  How silly is that?  Why does the location in a place determine whether you can get BEER ON TAP?  Silly, silly, silly.  It was a ridiculously long wait once we were in there.  I understand they were busy - they were very busy because of the UFC fight.  I can't say the food was very good, either.I don't think I'd go here again if I were in Vegas.   Big screen tvs... yes.  Good bar service... not so much.  That's a BAD combination.
3	OK-  we had a private room and that was nice.  Pool table was in poor shape though.  Dead on a Thursday night.
1	Awful. Simply awful. The bread was stale, the meat was old..  The service wasn't great and the place was empty.  What a horrible experience - Emeril should be ashamed to have his name on this place.  Three of us were there and we had the pastrami sandwich and it was very disappointing. I will not return.
3	Ok so to start with you have to find the place and I'm good with directions and I had to go outside to find the back entrance to get in. So good luck there.We had the beer and pretzels and Amazing soft salty pretzel with a really good beer/cheese sauce. So good in fact it kind of overshadowed the cream gooey mac n cheese we ordered though that was very good to. We finished with the banana cream pie which I think is amazing I had this at Delmonico's and it is the most amazing dessert you have to try it if you go to any Emeril's restaurant  The night we went it was pretty dead one other couple was there and another came in after a while. The hostess was friendly enough the bus boy was amazingly friendly. The waiter was alright but he spent most his time sitting and chatting with the other couple so I can't really judge the atmosphere here but service didn't wow me with the exception of the bus boy. I don't know who it'd be on a busy day
4	What a great place to watch a football game.  Located in the basement level of the Palazzo, this is an awesome spot.  The main dining room is sunk in and has a ton of TV's to watch the game.  The dining room also has sofas for you to sit and coffee tables to place your food and drink....it's like hanging out at home with 100's of people.  Plus, there's are race & sports book terminals in the room so you can place bets on the game!My friends and I decided we would order whatever we felt like eating and share amongst the group.  I was able to sample these menu items: Wings, $15Sausage & Pepperoni Pizza, $17Onion Rings, $7The Wings were excellent.  Very tasty and full of flavor.  They were cooked just right, the Meat fell off the bone and wasn't "rubbery".  The Pizza was fantastic as well.  The Onion Rings are huge and is a belly buster, so be careful if you order those...you'll need a wheel barrel to get you out of there....ha!  Of course I washed it down with plenty of Beer.If you want to get a prime spot in the main dining room, I recommend that you make reservations or get there early.  We lucked out and got a prime spot in the center of the main room.  However, people arriving late had to wait in a ridiculously long line or settle for one of the tables or bar top seats on the sides, which are not prime spots.Return Factor - 90%
2	This is a good place to watch and bet on sports game.  However the food has a bit to be desired.  The prices are pretty good, so that is not a complaint but the food is on the level of a Chili's.  If you like Chili's then your all set.  Even though you would think in a beautiful hotel with a famous chef backing the place the food would be a bit better then that.  It wasn't.  I ended up betting on a game and getting half drunk so it wasn't to bad.  Try it out, I believe you'll agree with this review.  Thanks
1	Saw the place online when checking out dining options in our hotel. Menu looked decent. Walked by and saw open tables on the patio on a beautiful day, so we walked in the entrance on the strip. Once inside, there's a sign telling us to see the hostess at the front for a seat - but no indication where the "front" is. Roamed around, found no employees to ask, eventually found the hostess stand in a corner. Once seated, we waited so long for a server to come by that my husband went looking for someone to at least get us some water. He STILL couldn't find anyone. We waited a few more minutes and gave up. Stopped by the hostess stand again to point out the problem and they couldn't have cared less. Seemed they may have cared about the people in the lounge right by the bar, and the menu looked like the food may have been good, but I wouldn't recommend the place to anyone based on the general lack of interest by the staff.
3	First and foremost, I only go to Lagasse's when my friends and I have a luxury box.  The luxury box by itself is awesome.  There is an outside patio area with outdoor seating and TVs so you never miss a second of the game.  Although there's only a short wall that separates you from the people walking on the strip, having an outdoor area is refreshing and the view of TI offers a nice change of scenery.Inside the luxury box, there are multiple big screen TVs (which you can set to different channels so you never miss a game), several couches, a private bathroom, an old-school Ms. Pac-Man arcade game you can play for free, and a pool table.  The room is spacious and appropriately adorned in sports memorabilia.  The room we always get can easily accommodate 30 people.The environment sets it self up to be a trendy spot to watch games.  The food however, falls flat.  I know it's just bar food, but when you have a big name like Emeril behind it, you imagine some kind of revolutionized, re-imagined, delicious interpretation of bar food.  The food is just average.  They do have a cheesy beer & giant pretzel that is all sorts of buttery fatty goodness.  But that's about it.  And I was told the dough for the pretzel is imported from Germany.  I have yet to actually confirm that.An interesting tid bit is that one of their chefs, Chef Scott, competed on the Food Network's Chopped and won.  So that's pretty awesome.  I got the opportunity to meet him and he was very friendly and approachable.Overall, I wouldn't go to Lagasse's unless my friends and I had a luxury box and we were watching a special game.  I wouldn't order food there again either unless I was really hungry or really drunk.  I go to Lagasse's for the environment, company, and experience.
3	Located in the lower level of the Palazzo Hotel.Great place if you like to watch sports while grabbing a bite. Large Stadium style seating with couches but they have plenty of tables and booths too. I got the Cheeseburger and it was excellent. The bun had a nice toasty crisp around the edge.My friend got the Chili Cheese Fries, it came in a huge pasta bowl and was basically kinda hard to eat, once you got down to about 1/4 of the way it was a soggy mess. Overall this place was good and they had a lot of options which was perfect since we had a party of 7. We also got seated right away.Also they have a lot of sports memorabilia!
2	Knowing this place is Emerill's I was pretty excited to eat there.  Unfortunately, the food was uniinspired, teetering on not good. There was no seasoning on anything and all of the food was fried in so much oil/butter it was dripping.And our initial server was so slow I thought was covered in molasses. I had to go the bar to get my own soda and then bussed our table during the meal because nobody cleaned it off.The only reason it got two stars and not one is because once that happened the manager spotted me and apologized and brought us a free round of beers.  Lots of tvs, overpriced, below average food, good manager.  My opionion is you can do better, especially in Vegas.Shame on you Emerill.
1	I'll keep this short and to the point.They need to change the name to "la ghastly" stadium....  Salty and unimaginative bar food, white leather couches in the "stadium" we're showing their age with a few tell tale rips here and there and dirty floors with crumbs and toothpicks scattered around our seating area.Emeril should pay a visit and clean house......Too many other great options along the strip - keep walking!
4	What an interesting and yet different sports experience to watch a game at.  The dining area is almost stadium seating in away where the "playing field" is a bunch of TV's on a two-tier level.One of the coolest things is getting a large group together and booking one of the sky-boxes.  I'm not sure on pricing details, but as a guest of the group I was able to order my own food on my own check and have it brought to me.  The Sky box I was in had 3 or so TV's, and outdoor patio area, pool table and private restroom.  It was almost like being in someones basement (except there are like no basements in Vegas...)The food is also a higher quality bar food, but not at a huge price.  Be prepared on big events though to spend a minimum per person in F&B.  And it's located not too far away from the self parking elevators so it's easy in and out!
4	I have to admit. I really enjoyed this place. Giant sports book with regular seating, or a giant stadium with couches and chairs to watch any sport until your heart is content?Yes please!I went with a huge group of friends, so we were in the restaurant area to start. Our waiter was great as he was able to keep up with about 10 of us which can be tricky at times. After checking out the menu, I settled on the Shrimp po'Boy ($16). The shrimp was fried on a griddle so it had a great crunch. Seasoning was Louisiana good. The french bread said it was New Orleans style and yes it was. Soft, tasty, wonderful French bread. Totally makes a po'Boy what it is. Also on the bread was lettuce, tomato and a slightly spicy Creole mayonnaise. I'm a po'Boy snob and this totally passed my test. They also have a full bar, but wow I was in food love, so I didn't even pay attention to it. For a nice place to hang with friends, watch sports and eat good food, this is the place.
2	Came to here to here to grab lunch and watch the Warriors play in the playoffs.  First off there's a minimum $25 a person just to sit, bit a of a rip off in my book, but I was in Vegas and didn't want to miss the game. Ordered chili cheese fries...completely soggy. Fish and chips...1 small piece of fish. Overall below average food (even for a sports bar) at a ridiculous price and David Lee got hurt. Won't be coming back.
3	I like to call this place "Guys Night Out".  We had a later flight into Las Vegas from Chicago and wanted some not-so-expensive eats for dinner when we got in.  We were staying at The Venetian...so we wanted bar-type food and this was our place!!! I was traveling with two guys so of course they thanked me for suggesting this place...I've been to Vegas many times and heard of it before so it just made sense to go here.  They have comfy chairs to sit back and relax in while eating and well...watching the MANY sports channels on the wall ahead.Our service was great...food was good, and we were told if we were to ever come out there during any BIG sporting events to make a reservation at least a month in advance so for you locals...there's your tip!
4	The BBQ Pork Nachos, yo.  That's all I ever needed.  My husband and I visited Lagasses and watched a fight... Rousey v. Carmouche I believe.  We had a blast and tore those nachos up.  We couldn't even finish them.  You really need 3-4 people going in on that plate.  Drinks were pretty good.  The ambience was weird to me, like it was a little too spacious and open.  But overall I enjoyed my time here.  Go get those Pork Nachos.  Seriously you won't regret it.
2	The concept is good but the finished product is a mess.  Lagasse's Stadium is a cross between Philippe Stark and a dive bar.  Go figure.Several televisions on several different sports stations conflicting with what the next person wants to watch.  Little crazy for those who go specifically to see a certain game at a $25.00 minimum.  Wouldn't be brave enough to order food but the beer is cold.
4	I came here for the sports book-obviously, but I ended up enjoying the chic sports bar food way more than I expected. I had my own suite and could watch any game I wanted which was great. Unfortunately, I was betting on baseball games during the hockey playoffs and had a lot of trouble getting service despite my private area and advance reservation. I had to go to the hostess station 5 times to get service and order my food. For the price, I expected better service.  I would absolutely recommend going to this sports book if you are looking to bet and don't go during the hockey playoffs lol.
2	Yelpers-how many times do you have to be told-3 stars on Yelp means mediocre.  I went against the system & tried Lagasse's Stadiuum.  Awful.  Very uncomfortable seating in front of the main screen, greasy blah bar food.  Emeril must be hurting for $ if he puts his name on this establishment.  Great place for a guys outing.
3	Shame on you, Emeril!  There's so much grease at this place, I could barely sit on the couch!  Shrimp had absolutely no flavoring.  The Bamwich was edible, but not worth the price.  Typical bar food quality-no evidence of Emeril here.  Will say it looks like a good place for a guys outing.
4	I'm not sure why everyone rips so bad on this place.  It's a stadium, and I don't really expect good food at a stadium.  I don't expect good service either.  I expect good drinks, hot dogs, cold beer, and loud men.  This is exactly where this stadium hits the mark.We went in on a basketball playoff Saturday to watch the Bulls play, and the hosts were very nice.  They told us that there was a UFC fight that night, that they were completely booked for that event, but we were more than welcome to sit until the pre-fight started at 4pm.  Good, its only 1.  Then he asked us, "dining area or stadium?"  STADIUM!  There's a $25 minimum for sitting in the stadium, but that's ok since a burger and two drinks will pretty much cover that.  They take your credit card just like a bar...hm... There's a sports book at the bottom near the TVs for easy betting.  It's a very comfortable place to have a few drinks and watch some basketball.  Looking forward to watching a football game here...too bad my next trip is a girl's only trip.The food wasn't bad.  It was better than regular stadium food.  That being said, I don't really expect too much when I'm eating at a place like this.  I had the stadium burger and he had the pulled pork sandwich, both with fries, and both were good.You're not paying for the food, you're paying for the experience.  Where else are you going to find a place like this?  I find it shocking that people rate it so low, especially since I had a perfectly good experience here.  Helps that the Bulls won in double OT.
3	Get reservations if there is a game or horse race.  There were are at least 20 tables reserved I guess for high rollers.  They've been sitting empty for almost 2 hours now but, they won't release them.  Doesn't make sense to me. Had to sit outside and eat.  The $27 steak sandwich was awesome but, the service sucks.  Doesn't seem like a great way to do business.  Won't be back anytime soon.  BAM!!!!!!!!!!
1	Nice place. The Hostes and servers provided extremely poor service. They dnt know how to smile and have a really bad attitude. I wish I could give it 1/2 star.
5	Great food? Secluded enclaves with private TVs? Theater seating looking at several screens? Betting on sports? Great service? It's a miracle I got on the plane.
2	I was excited to try Lagasse's Stadium and the BLT. It was too loud for conversation. Seating uncomfortable. Slow considering how few people were in the place. The pork belly on the BLT was more like a dried thin porkchop. The bread was toasted to the crisp that leaves your mouth injured. I barely ate it.The pretzel appetizer  was delish. It truly saved the meal.
4	I've always loved Lagasse's Stadium.  The food is always great and it's a good place to watch a game.  On Game-day it can get a little expensive if you're not drinking a lot.  And be sure to reserve a table ahead of time for football.Today we were watching Baseball and the place wasn't very full.  I had pork nachos.  The plate was huge, this is definitely something you want to share.  The roasted pork was perfectly cooked and there was plenty of it.We had a couple beer buckets and the rest of my group appeared to really like their food.Be sure to walk around and check out some of the sports memorabilia.  They've got some cool stuff on the walls.
4	Great seating. High minimums. Below average food. Still worth it to be able to catch a game while laying on a couch in the theater style seating room. Heather is awesome, sit in her section.
3	Great idea but poor execution.Lagrasse's Stadium markets itself as the ultimate sports bar and in many ways it succeeds. The place is like a giant man cave. Huge screens, giant plush couches, pool tables and tv's everywhere. But the high minimums and pretty average bar food kill the potential.I've been here a few times and the restaurant itself is very impressive. There actually is stadium style seating as you face the giant screens lining the walls. Interestingly, the Lagrasse's Stadium double as the Palazzo's sports book so you can place bets here as well. In the back they have massive party rooms, complete with big screen tv's pool tables. and arcade games but I am sure they would charge you an arm and a leg for reserving them.Now the downside: Lagrasse's Stadium is simply just overpriced. On most nights, seating in the stadium area carries a $25 minimum per person. Bigger events like Superbowl run around $150+ per person. Considering that a burger and fries is about $30 hitting these requirements is not hard nor really worth it. The food is pretty average, the stadium burger is pretty much what you would find upstairs at Grand Lux but for double the price. The pizzas are standard, spinach dip was thin an watery but their buffalo wings are delicious!In the end you are really just paying for the experience, and there is nothing else like it on the Strip. Check it out but don't expect the food to match the surroundings.
4	Great place to come watch any game or just to come eat great food in a great atmosphere.  The Po' boy sandwich here is hands down the best I've had.  The food portions are big so come hungry.  We usually do the bucket of beers.  So many great food options here. The only issure we've ever had is with the fried fish.  There were bones in it.  But the manager came right over and apologized and took it off of our bill.
5	Awesome place to watch NFL games in Vegas. Great food. You can't beat it. Staff is very accommodating. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!
1	Thanks for ruining our day.  You shouldn't reserve a table for $200 and have to wait 50 minutes with 12 empty tables just sitting there.  The check in staff have to be the dumbest people in Las Vegas.  And the laziest.  Talk about bad service.  Great job Emeril.
1	I agree with all the other reviews that say the service here is horrible. I think management needs to be trained better how to take care of their customers.I was promptly seated in the lounge area by a hostess. I was told that there was a $25 minimum, and I didn't mind as I wanted to stay for a little while to eat, drink and watch college football.Server never checks on me, then another hostess comes and asks if I reserved the spot in the lounge. I tell her someone sat me here after I told them I wanted a place and that I didn't mind the $25 minimum. Then the manager, I think his name was Kevin, comes and says that was a mistake and he can show me to another table. Except every other table has a $50 minimum, aside from outside where there are no TV's to watch football. Then he tells me I can grab any available space at the bar and there is no minimum there.At this point, I'm pretty annoyed. It's your mistake and you tell me you can't seat me somewhere else, when there are literally TONS of empty seats/tables? You can't spare ONE table to correct YOUR mistake? It's obvious they have rules, but seriously. Their managers need to learn a little bit about problem solving and treating the customer right.Unless you're ready to spend, don't waste your time with this place. They don't care about service. They only want $$$.
1	DO NOT GO HERE.  Reservations are recommended.  However, regardless of how far in advance you make a reservation, they can choose to rent the place out to  anytime they want.  Then they have some snotty waitress call you and try to "sell" you on attending another time.  It's apparent that Emeril has sold out and turned in to just another jerk trying to make a buck without regard to how his customers are treated.  NOT ONLY WILL I NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE... he has 3 restaurants in New Orleans and I will be sure to tell everyone I know in Louisiana to not patronize these places either.I am shocked at how I was treated and if this place continues to treat people this way, they'll sink themselves.
5	A great place to watch the game.It's the only sport bar that I know where you could make a bet (legally) or a play a hand of blackjack (legally).You need a reservation for big games.It's quite expensive in front of the  big TV.No matter where you sit you get a private TV, to watch the game of your choice.It's a Emerill's restaurant so you know the food is good. Pizza, burger and BBQ shrimp were all hits.A great place to sit is outside, it cheaper then inside and you could smoke cigars.Service was top notch.
5	A great place to eat & watch the game! We had our own private space with couches & 2 TVs so we could watch whatever we wanted! The food & drinks were great! Highly recommend!
2	Food is mediocre at best but super overpriced. Rather just get some food from the food court and eat here. Service sucks, bartenders, servers and hostesses are only interested in watching sports than working. I stood for 5 minutes waiting to order a drink from the bar while the one bartender watched baseball. Plus eww, what restaurant wears yoga pants and t shirts. Gross, I understand this is a sports bar but not a pajama party. You're guests that are drunk spilling beer on themselves are more dressed up than you. Only silver lining, best place to watch UFC.
2	What's not to like about a sports bar with more TV's than a Best Buy? Great "arena" to watch multi games.Sports book on the lower level.That's where the favorable stats end.I love Emeril but he missed the crawdad on this.A visitor chevking in at the door is soon given the "you're new here" feeling. Reservations needed on a Sunday and casual inquires two hours before game time are given the "those damn customers" attitude when inquiring about entry.Place is too busy and doesn't need you. Despite the poor reception I returned for the afternoon games. You are told u need to spend $50 to get in to sit in "Stadium".... $25 for coach class. I chose coach. You get better service on an airplane.  Way overpriced food given the portions and despite my support for Emeril this is not a place he should put his name on.Bam! Take half the money you would spend here and go elsewhere for more fun.Overated more than Ryan Leaf.3 beers and wings...$39 plus tip.Booooooo.
1	Don't bother. This place has lots of potential but, unfortunately, it is extremely poorly managed. As we had dinner reservations for later in the evening, we were looking for a place to have a snack and a few drinks and catch the remainder of the late games. We were told by the hostess that the bar areas were first come-first served. I asked her specifically if this included the small tables surrounding the bars and she told us that they were also first come -first served and that we were welcome to walk thru and see if any were available. After a few laps around the place we found an open table. A couple minutes later we were approached by some guy and told that to sit at these tables you must be seated by a hostess. I explained what the hostess had told us but his only response was a lame " I'm just delivering the message". On our way out I again verified their policy with the hostess. She did offer to go talk to "message deliverer" but, by then, we've pretty much had lost all interest in the place.I've eaten at Delmonicos and Table 10 many times and the experience has always been excellent so I'm hoping the Emeril will take the time to bring this place up to speed. Having his name on this place certainly isn't helping his brand.
5	As far as sports books go, this is the most pleasurable experience I have ever had.  We reserved a seat in the stadium section.  Great service and smoke free!  Let me tell you - at 8 months pregnant this was a great option to enjoy sports betting in Vegas.
3	This second outing was a mite disappointing.  As a starter,  Margherita Pizza with Mozzarella Cheese was good, but not real saucy.  A French Dip made with shaved Prime Rib was excellent once again.  Beer-Battered Onion Rings were very good, but more batter than onion.  And, the Coleslaw was not quite creamy enough for me.This night attention to detail was plainly lacking.  Silverware was removed with pizza remnants, and not replaced.  My French Dip was originally presented without au jus.  Our server only checked on us once before we paid for our meals.  I had to ask for a Coke refill.  And, water was just refilled once.Diane reported that some of her battered fish in an order of Fish & Chips were a bit underdone, and all were rather greasy.  Yet a Chocolate Shake and Chocolate Chip Cookies were great as before. These mixed results netted an overall score of 3-1/2 stars on this visit.
3	Food was excellent, strange seating policy. Def make a reservation. Policy is to pay a certain amount for a meal/drink just to eat here. Great place to enjoy upscale gaming.
2	Lagasse's Stadium is a converted nightclub that is now a sports bar/book.  There is a section with "theater style" seating that is really nicely set-up, although upper rows are pretty far from screens.  The cost is $100 PER PERSON, for 3 hours.  The food is standard sports bar food, mostly deep fried options and burgers/steaks. FOODUnimpressive and overpriced.AMBIENCEIt's fun to watch the games at a sports bar with people all decked out in their various jerseys, cheering when their team scores and groaning when they lose.  Be warned there are several tables that at are awkwardly laid out and have poor view of TV's or can only see one screen.COSTIt is WAY overpriced.  We only went because we had a coupon from the Venetian for 2 people.  Overall, I'd say go to one of the sports books and watch there.  I really like the one at the Wynn, where you can sit and have a drink and better food behind ZooZoo Crackers.  Although there is smoke from casino which is a bummer.
2	2.5 stars, not deserving of a full 3 stars.A friend of mine, who I haven't seen in years but I text with/fb with etc, was in town to celebrate her wedding anniversary. She's a HUGE sports fan and invited us to join her here for the Niners game. We didn't know this until the conversation turned to their 4th food order, but she explained that in order to keep your seat for the entire game, you gotta order up and often. They paid $50/person to reserve the couch for 3 hours. On top of that, you MUST order food and beverages for the duration of your visit. To the point that the waiters/waitresses stop by and give you the "what's next?" approach, rather than the "are you doing ok? Would you LIKE to order something else?" It's strange.  I know Vegas is where the money is made, but this is a bit much. I would say it's a good place to catch a game. Plenty of TV's, solid food menu, full bar etc. I just don't now that it's worth dropping close to $200 to watch the game. It's definitely more intimate than standing in the sports book hoping to catch the game, but it's just way over the top! I would definitely figure out another plan if I were in town for a game.
3	Came on an NFL Sunday morning.  Didn't have reservations but was able to get in by getting there when doors opened.  We got a seat in the dining area...not the stadium in front of the large tv. We had several smaller TVs around us.  The dining area required a $50 tab per person (vs the $100 per person in the stadium).  We started with breakfast that was tasty and continued throughout the morning/afternoon with drinks and chicken wings.  All very good but not amazing.  It's more about the environment than the food here.
3	Good times.   Stuffed shrooms. Meh.   Great wings.  drink selection good. fairly large sports book
1	The food was terrible. I would be ashamed to have my name on it. Some of the reviews on here complained about service but ours was at least good.Food was bland and had little flavor.
2	We came here because all of the other restaurants were busy.  Had no problem getting a seat here.  Should've realized that was a bad sign. Awkward seating, literally has the ambience of a sports stadium, if you're into that sort of thing.  Food was pretty bad.  We were eager to leave.
3	The stadium was good for march madness when I went with some friends. We had a small bar table in front of a wall of TVs from 10am to 10pm with an $800 minimum. Call well in advance of your trip if you want to get a seat. We had a limited options calling two months ahead. Service was great. We had a very nice waitress named Veronica who was great stopping by and several support staff to fill water.  We had a constant stream of buckets filled with beer. Food was ok. I had a breakfast pizza, tuna poke, and a salad.  The pizza was greasy and I was not a fan of the runny eggs on top of it. Tuna poke was good but dressed a little heavy. We were about $400 short of our min and had to buy two bottles of whiskey. We drank too much beer from buckets which I would not recommend if you have to make a min. Betting was good and pretty quick after a giant line at the sports book died down. I would come back for games but would look at the sofa lounge or the private rooms if they weren't too much more.
1	Do not go here unless you want to be drugged and possibly die. My son in law and his friend were drugged at this "place" . This was confirmed at tha hospital that he was carried to in an ambulance. The bartenders must be doing this, as the drinks did NOT leave their hands! Google the term"drugged in Las Vegas" and see for your selves!  If you have an analysis kit, then Just Maybe you could trust this bar. My son in law was  kept in the hospital- his friend went to sleep for 17 hours!  Final comment- if the mob still ran las vegas, this place would be closed!  BEWARE!David Blumenthal
1	yuk! Find someplace else, the food and service here are punk, or thug just creepy.The service staff are rude and condescending.  Maybe during the games this is a good place, I doubt it but any other time it's just a joke.I honestly thought the runner was goinging to knife us at one point.  Crowd of 20something punks.  During college playoff season, pro football ending weeks, college and pro basketball kicking up, and they have on baseball recruiting unbelievable. Asked our waitress and she informed me that usually they have on soccer at lunch.  Went to place some bets, no one to take them.
5	How I love blueberry red bull and vodka, guess I am an easy girl to please. The nachos could use a little work, didn't love the faux cheese sauce. Other than that we had a great time hanging out here. And you could hear the crying of somebody that won a million dollars playing downstairs. I think I would shed a tear too!
1	There is no way that this place is run by Emeril. I've been to 3 or 4 of his other places, and you could see his fingerprint on each of them. The food at the stadium was bland, boring, and way more expensive than it should be for what it was. The pickles were pulled straight from a jar of vlasic. Nothing wrong with vlassic except that I expect more from Emeril. The fries were clearly generic from a grocery store freezer. I had the "spicy"-ist dish on the menu, the meatloaf and it was bland except for having way too much salt. The service was awful and we sat at the bar. Walk over to nearby Delmonico instead. It's much better.I hope they paid him a lot of money for his name because having this place is putting a severe dent in his brand.
1	We went here for a celebration on our first night in Las Vegas and experienced the worst service of my life.  First we were informed ten times of the minimum per person charge, after that initial shock we had slow service on the food and poor food quality.  I don't think that I will ever eat here again.
2	My experience's here have never been good. I frequent Vegas quite often and whenever there is a sporting event I usually end up here. Every time I've been here for an event their tv's are always messing up and falling behind regular time. For example you will hear other areas of the bar cheering because they are on real time, while your personal table's TV  has fallen behind. Quite a nightmare for the fan experience. It is set up to be a great sports bar, and yet over the past few years still hasn't gotten it's act together. The food is overpriced for what you get. I don't mind spending $15-20 on a burger, but it better be good! Do yourself a favor and skip this spot.  Instead, why not head upstairs to LAVO and enjoy some amazing food and drink in an ambiance that is much more relaxing. If you really want to watch sports while in Vegas, I suggest going to any of the casinos sports lounges and calling it a day. This place is only going to frustrate both your taste buds and your wallet.
2	Uncomfortable seating was the first problem. Do not make the mistake of going here for lunch in the summer. The server we had remarked that this is when they train new chefs. And it was obvious.Wife had a philly sandwich and it was tough.I ordered a Rib Steak. First one was over done. Second one was almost raw. I asked them to stop trying, and wasting good steak. The manager picked up our tab, which was nice. He also gave me his business card to use for a free meal on a return trip. However we will not be returning to this restaurant.
3	Club or sports bar? Unlimited TV's with every imaginable game make a sports bar. On site betting makes a sports bar. The DJ, flashy light show, lounge seating and couches, make it a club. This combination doesn't mesh well together. It kind of caused a nauseating affect...at least the lights did while trying to watch hoop action. Pricing is a bit high, for drinks. Food has been average, nothing memorable except a hot pretzel the size of your head. I think there are better options for the sports fans out there.
5	We had a group of 5 for the NFL AFC/NFC Championship games - Go Broncos/Hawks!.  Stephanie was our server and did a stellar job serving us for the seven or so hours we were there.  We had a nice couch/table set-up with two personal TV's on each side. We read some earlier reviews about some time delays with the TV's but the sound was great for our games. They were very accommodating with us letting us sit basically wherever we wanted to (as we had reservations and got there at least an hour before the first kick-off).  We had to spend 1K minimum but we covered the spread right down to the wire with 3 pizza's to go and one last bucket of Coors Light!  We all graded the food "much better than the yelp reviews".  Great pizza, good wings, tuna tartare, fish and chips, fried chicken, nachos, etc. This is the place you need to go for the big games in Vegas.  We'll be back next year!
1	Venues are only as good as its staff. Food was decent but not a major draw. Atmosphere is good but only for about 20% of the crowd in the main lounge area.People working here could really give less a crap about the customer. Enough people come here that they treat you like crap. I normally hate reviews about bad customer experience because its so subjective but so many people played a part in our experience that I had to give it this rating. Just take my word for it and believe me that you will be lucky if you get an overall 3 star or more experience.
1	Doesn't open until 11am the day before the Super Bowl, advertised as opening at 7:30am. I guess nobody in town wants to watch college basketball.
3	The idea of this place is great. The execution is lacking a little. Miniscule sport betting facility, the tote board is so small you can hardly read it. The TV set-up is marginal, one big display and 8 small ones on which you cannot see the detail of the game from the back of the stadium. The food and drink are ok and free. It cost us $100 for the seat and then the food was free up to $100 per person. This was enuf to eat and drink anything on the menu for a few hours.They told us they were sold out for the evening so we sat for the a few hours for $50 a piece then they sold us seats for the main event which were available when came in. Just poor managementGet your act together and you have can over a great experience instead of an ok experience. Super Bowl SUnday was $500 per person, be difficult to spend that much during the game. It was sold out so people may not care
3	This place is nice, i was with a group and we got one of the suites. However I was a little disappointed in food selection, felt like the menu should have matched the atmosphere of the sports book. Instead it mainly offered things you would find at any bar.
1	This place is so full of itself. We came in to watch the NFL Playoffs and EVERY SINGLE seat had a "reserved" sign, even the stools around the edge of the bar! Ridiculous. I can understand if it was Super Bowl Sunday, but this was just playoffs, and there was hardly anyone in the place. No wonder why. They're so busy trying to be a nightclub, they chase off all the people who come there for what it really is: a sports bar.
1	We spent 10 days in Las Vegas recently, and we had a fantastic time! Of all the places we went for dinners &/or drinks, there were two occasions on which the customer service was less than desirable & Lagasse's Stadium takes the cake for being the worst. We spent a lot of time at the Palazzo during our trip & gave this place a shot. We walked in & took a seat. It was the early afternoon & there were only one or two other people in the establishment, no joke. The bar tender never gave us the time of day. She definitely saw us but she was very busy, chatting up a couple of other girls. I think one of them might have been another employee but one of them was just a friend of the other girls visiting, or so it seemed. We sat there for a good 10 or 15 minutes, obvious glances coming our way but no service. They never did come to take out order. I can honestly say that Lagasse's Stadium is the worst customer service I have ever experienced. They should really restaff because at least some of their staff doesn't give a damn about customers (or apparently their tips, surprisingly), or the reputation of their restaurant. I have never been in a place where the staff literally refused to acknowledge us. I will never waste time walking through their doors again and I will never say a kind word about them. Sorry, Emeril, but your staff is letting you and your fans down. My only  regret is not finding out the name of the staff so I can be more specific in my complaints and report them to their management, although that probably wouldn't have mattered. They have plenty of terrible reviews besides this one & I'm sure their management is not oblivious to the fact... you would think they would try to make difference.This is the one and only time in my life that I have walked out of a restaurant without ordering because the service was so poor.
4	Due to floods beyond their control, the tele screens were down when we arrived.  So we were the only patrons pretty much. Outdoor lounge area was cozy and was well maintained. Originally came for some wings and beers. Just to pass the time until dinner time. Wings were large and tasty. We returned later for dinner and the food was excellent. Service was good and our waitress Kyla was excellent.
4	This is the best sports bar I have ever been too! I wish more sports bars adopted the stadium seating idea it's all about being comfortable and watching what you want. What a fantastic concept! With cushions surrounding me, relaxed on a chaise lounge couch I watched the Olympics on the largest t.v. possibly made! I ordered the pork nachos and caesar salad. The food is why this is a 4 star and not 5 star rating. The nachos were good until you are near the bottom and the plate is full of liquid and everything is soggy. The salad was good just a little too much dressing for my taste. The service was great. It was not busy at all during lunch.
3	Nice comfortable place to watch a game if it is on the big screen.  Otherwise no sound is available.  The waitresses are super attentive and the drinks are well made.  The white russian made with vanilla vodka was a good dessert drink.  The food was ok, mainly bar food - the grilled shrimp po boy was good, but not New Orleans quality.  Apparently the sports book only opens during big betting times.  The closest book is upstairs in the casino, but I was able to get an extra 1.5 points by walking over to the Wynn.  It didn't help - LeBron hit a 3-pointer at the buzzer to beat me by a point.  The couches come with multiple places to lay down your drink, and nice soft pillows to hold while crying.
5	Great place! (Shockingly caring staff) went here for lunch to watch basketball and bet. Sports book wasn't open and I wanted to bet on the Syracuse game my server regret to inform me that it wasn't open during the day and all I wanted to know was the betting lines which the book also did not have "come on Emeril you should be better than that" before I knew it my server ran to the Venetian sports book and gave the lines for the day.Shocked was I that's why I give this a great rating. Luckily my server was a huge basketball fan. Other than that the food was decent could've used more "bam" but still adequate.
1	Weak drinks, over worked staff, average food, don't order a bottle of wine or water because you'll never get it. If you want to watch the game and want service don't go here. However it is a cool place with lots of tv's
4	I've been here numerous times since 2008, but my most recent visit was on February 14th, 2014.  I came here on a late Friday afternoon to have lunch with my friends, while watching an Olympic hockey game on their biggest screen.  "Lagasse's Stadium" used to be called "The Palazzo Sportsbook Bar & Grill", before changing its name a few years ago.  I've watched NFL, MLB games, the World Cup, and now the 2014 Winter Olympics at this sports' restaurant.You have the main central area where the most important game is being shown on their largest screen.  You have stadium seating that contains sofas, couches, seat cushions & coffee tables.  Plus, you'll have someone taking your orders and delivering your food to you!  This is the ultimate place to dine & watch a game; but if the main screen isn't showing your team, you can find the screen that is showing your game that'll also include your own personal couch or sofa for your seating pleasure.I remember coming here during the NFL season.  My 49ers weren't on the big screen, but I was able to find them somewhere else where I was able to sit & watch that game comfortably.  As for the menu, it's quite pricey for your typical American foods with limited selections.  If you just want to get a bite to eat and enjoy watching a sporting game with your buddies or even by yourself, you'll enjoy your time here.This places was ultra awesome when I first went here back in 2008, but I remember the quality of their food didn't taste as good a couple of years ago.  It was more bland; but my most recent visit, their lunch items were very good!  I was pleasantly surprised, especially since my expectations had dropped in recent years.  If their food can stay as good as my February 2014 visit, I will definitely come back here during all my Vegas trips!
5	Atmosphere here is great, if your not a huge sports freak I'd see why this place would intimidate you, I honestly wandered in here bc I was drunk & starving but oh am I so happy I did!!! Don't let the "stadium" appearance scare you, this place is great & it's not as often packed as your other Vegas strip restaurant/bars would be (obviously besides when sports games are on). Staff is beyond friendly, everyone was always nice & had positive attitudes every time we came. Seems like people who worked here actually enjoyed their jobs, crazy thought right? Food: 5 Stars! There are very few foods I crave but emerils fish & chips have me so depressed that I don't live closer!!! The fish & chips here are really good, what makes them amazing however is the lemony caper tartar sauce that comes with them, & let me tell you it's a process to make!!! No wonder it tastes so good, a lot of love is put into that damn sauce!!! It's one of those meals that can't be beat or duplicated (at least not in my kitchen), I'll just have to wait until I come back :/. The bar here is also fantastic! Bartenders were friendly and attentive. Happy hour can't be beat here! My girlfriend and I got huge margarita pitchers for cheap & they were so good!!! I'd highly recommend this place, bomb food, cheap tasty drinks, and an A+ staff...what more can you ask for?
2	Not much to see here.  Basically a sports book that sells bar food with Emerils name on it.  Has a few dishes that are creole/Cajun in style but most of the menu is what you would find at any sports bar.Food was decent, but nothing special.  Does have TVs at each table and of course the ability to wager on the games that day.  Service was good but the place was empty.Bar selection was standard, has some more premium beers along with the standards, but no craft beers.  Probably would not make a special trip here.
1	The IDEA of this place is great.   The EXECUTION of it is awful, pure and simple.  The  only good TV is the one big-screen in the middle.   All the others are too small to see unless you're sitting in the front row of the main stadium.  The fonts on the betting boards are unreadable.  And making a bet is difficult because the place goes long periods with NOBODY even there taking bets.   One guy working and he takes his break and all bettors are simply out of luck.   This place COULD BE the best sports book in Vegas but it falls miserably short.
5	Well I want to start off saying that the management (Mr. Matthews) and his staff at Lagasse's Stadium are the best!The Parmesan Shrimp, Pulled Pork Sandwich, Fried Pickles and Fried banana desert is the best. Oh and the strip view that you get from the patio is like no other. LS is a really fun, casual yet classic establishment and I cannot wait to return.
3	A very cool set up for you sports fanatics.  One of the best seating arrangement for a sports bar.  It is really set up like a stadium.  Problem is that if the event is popular, this place will fill up quickly.  The other problem is that the food is average at best.  But, as you know, you came here to watch sports.  Just make sure you get here early to beat the crowds.
5	I love this place!  There are TV's everywhere!  It's the place to be!  They have multiple floors for sports viewing, stadium couch seating, gambling room, private rooms, outdoor couch seating (with a pool table), and cold beer!  You can't get any better than that.
1	I love Emeril's restaurants, but I guess he doesn't go sports bars well.  The layout if very cool but the food is awful.  I didn't expect for this place to have apps that are cooked in a microwave.  At least buy decent frozen foods from Costco.
5	Absolutely loved this place.  Emeril did an awesome job on the whole place from the menu to the layout.  If you have a chance to watch a game there, do it!  And if you go, ask to be seated in Armine's section.  That girl made our night when our team was sucking A$$.  She's funny, helpful and just a great sport.  Thanks for a great time Armine!Update:  So the playoffs are going on so we went right back last night to watch the NHL and NBA playoffs.  Our first experience wasn't a fluke.  We had a blast and ended up shutting the place down.  Once again, Armine had us laughing like crazy and she even got the bartender Andrew into the mix, creating the perfect Manhattans and Martini's (we were too full to drink beer).  Upped the rating to 5 stars from 4 because when it came down to it, there was Lagasses Stadium, Armine and Andrew showed us as good a time as we could have possibly had.  Great job and thank you!!!!
1	Very POOR customer service - not worth the price.  Nachos cold soggy and made with what looked like Easy Cheese.  Not worth the price.  Should be a zero!
5	Can't wait to go back!  Our first visit and we hope each visit will be this great. Asked to change to baseball game on biggest screen - no problem!  Our server Jeff really made it a great experience.  Gave us excellent recommendations and of course accommodated my requests.  Food was great - shrimp/oyster po'boy was best I ever had. Loved the pickles on it - sweet to start and ended up with an Emeril's kick!  Big portions - you will not go hungry. Everything was flavorful and the wine/beer list is extensive.  Kicked up bar food - great selections. You will not go hungry!
1	Please do not pay with a credit card when you visit this place.  I went with three other friends.  The bill was divided four ways.  Two in the party paid cash, while two of us paid with a credit card.  Later I found they charged my credit card with the whole bill even though I had a signed receipt for one quarter of the total bill.  Clearly the waiter pocketed the cash.  When I tried to contact Lagasse's management they would not return my calls until I disputed the charge.  Then miraculously I received a call.  It took me three months to get my money back.  Very shady place.  Be careful.Update - I got my money back through my credit card company (Chase Visa). But it was not easy.  Had I not found my receipt I would've been out of luck.
4	I came here last Saturday to watch the Belmont Stakes.  I'm not into horse-racing and if I were to really stop and think about it, I'd most likely be against it, but I'm not one to be a wet mop, so off we went.  Lagasse's Stadium was impressive--definitely not your typical sports book with it's couches and lounges at every turn and it's stadium style seating.  This was definitely a fun place to watch a horse race that might have been historic, but sadly wasn't.  I'm a fan and I'll be back.  :-)
4	Great place for a group of friends to hang out, relax, eat food, drink, and WATCH SPORTS!  Depending on where you are seated will determine the minimum amount you have to spend. But the food is great and the drinks are good and there are tv's EVERYWHERE!
1	Terrible service!  4:00pm 4 July.  Three other people at bar.  Took 10 min before someone came over to help us.  Ordered drinks and asked for menu.  15 min later, no one ever came back to get order!!  Would never go back!
4	SO we found this place maybe 2 or 3 years ago.  We were in town and wanted to watch a UFC fight.  When we looked it up it said it was showing at Lagasses Stadium.  So we headed over.  Totally not what i was expecting.  We sat at the bar and I had noticed that there was a lot of tables that were reserved.  We sat at the bar and had a great time. This time around, a month before we headed to Vegas, I made reservations for Saturday and Sunday.  Yes there was 2 ufc fights back to back.  The hostess said it would be $50 min. per person.  To me I thought it was a great deal.  You think the fights can be 3-4 hours long.  First night, we got there a little early but we got seated right away.  Melissa was our server.  She is so sweet and nice.  We started with a wedge salad and the etouffee.  The etouffee was great, a little salty, but you get used to it.  The wedge salad was good, but by the time you get to the bottom it got a litte soggy.  We also ordered the pretzel.  This was so huge.  The 2 dippling sauce it came with was good with the pretzel.I ordered for the main course the halibut, and it was yummy.  He ordered the bbq pork pulled sandwich.  This was just ok, nothing great about it. We ended the banana cream pie.  Oh boy was this yummy.  The bananas were fresh and firm still.Melissa had a server assistant, who was amazing.  I wish I got his name.  He was super friendly and super quick.  We never needed to ask for more water.  He always made sure if we were half way done with our water, he filled it up.The second night Shelley was our server and she was amazing as well.  We started with chicken nachos.  I really wanted this the first night we were there but we got it the second night.  It was just ok.  The cheese sauce was a little different.  We also ordered the stadium salad.  This to, was ok.  Nothing special, I think I would have like the wedge salad better.  I ordered the etouffee again with a side of pictures.  It is so yummy.  We ended with a root beer float with warm chocolate chip cookies.  Im not a fan of root beer, but the cookies were really good.  Warm, soft, and moist.  The boyfriend really enjoyed the combination.  You really dont feel like your in a sports bar, its not as loud as a normal sports bar and doesnt smell :).To note:  I paid with my debit card and I noticed what was on my bank account was not what I signed for.  When I brought it to their attention, the manager checked to make sure that the check got closed our properly.  When he came back to show me, he said that the hotel puts a certain % hold on the card.  It ended closing as the amount I signed (this happened for both nights).  Just an FYI. I will for sure come back when we are in vegas and want to watch a fight, or to have some yummy etouffee.   Ask for Shelley or Melissa.
1	Not a good place to watch Football GamesVery over rated.  If you are serious about watching multiple football games on a Saturday or Sunday, forget this place. Looks like it should be great, but isn't. Weird angles make watching many games very hard. If you are going for one specific game, it is probable OK. Food was above average for a bar, Was there last football season and was very disappointed. As I was planning my trip this year, thought I would write this review to warn others. I would not go back
3	Food was good VERY pricey! Our Waiter JEFF was the BEST!Had a girl walking around selling BEADED NFL necklaces.  Just say NO!
5	A Vegas must!  TV's everywhere, stadium seating and great food!  We LOVE our "Texas connection" bartender Daina. She is such a sweetheart and will make sure you have a great experience.  Without question the best sports book on the strip.
4	Good atmosphere.It's a very nice sports bar. Not an upscale restaurant.Had the fouix gras hamburger and fries.Hamburger was a little overcooked, a little greasy. But really good.French fries were pretty standard.Banana cream pie was amazing. Bananas were fresh.Overall, good restaurant. Excellent sports bar
4	I wanted to update my review. After my original post, the manager, Gerardo, contacted me to offer his apologies and let him know the next time I return so he can take care of me. I have since returned to Lagasse's but did not let him know since I like to gage my customer experience as a normal patron. My second experience was much better. We sat down for lunch instead of just drinks and apps at the bar. Food was very good- I had the pork nachos, and my bf had the jambalaya. Both were great. Food is good, much better than the apps at the bar, I would recommend sitting at a table for better sevice and better food than just apps. Thank you Gerardo and Lagasse's staff for a much better experience!
3	Great atmosphere but the food and drinks are overpriced for what they are.
2	Overpriced hipster doofus sports bar.The oyster and beer Friday's you see referenced on Tripadvisor, etc do not even exist. The dismissive waitress said they never ever had such a thing, like we made it up.If you want to go to a cool sports bar on the strip go to The Pub at the Monte Carlo. Great beer selection, great happy hour and if you want, you can sit on the deck with a view of the pool.
5	My husband and I went in to watch a few games on Saturday. It had a cool atmosphere! Very upscale. Our bartender Daina was phenomenal! Best Service I had in Vegas. Were here for a few more days, will be back just to see her!
1	I will try to be short and sweet so here goes...we arrived at 1:30pm on Sunday, September 14 for a table reserved months in advance.  We were a bit delayed but got seated in about 10 minutes.  After being seated, one of the managers (or servers?) came by and asked if we had reservations.  We said yes and told him that we checked in at the front and a girl brought us to the table.  He left and said he had to go confirm (like we were lying...).  A girl came back and asked the same thing; poor communication.  I get that the place is busy for Sunday football but there were a lot of staff walking around so organizing people into their seats shouldn't be an issue.After all this was sorted out, we waited almost another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged by the wait staff to put our order in.  We were told that we had to spend $600 to have the booth ($100/person); an absurd amount of food and beverages to consume in 3.5 hours.  The only way this could happen is to order all the most expensive things on the menu and drink a lot of top shelf liquor.  Are they suggesting we binge drink?  Because that's the only way we can consume that dollar amount.  We had a late night and just wanted to enjoy some good football, food and a couple beers.  We ordered a few pizzas, some soft pretzels, wings and banana cream pie.  The pizza wasn't that great and the wings were fatty - not crispy.  The only highlight was the banana cream pie - best I have ever had but not worth the ridiculous amount we paid.  Let it be known that our $600 booth had ONE television that we couldn't even control ourselves.  We had to flag down a server to change it for us.  The view of the big screen was obstructed by the TV beside us.  For that money, we could have rented a cabana poolside, had our own TV to control, get much better views and the ability to go swimming.We were then told we had to be gone by 5pm.  Factoring in about a 30 minute delay in getting our order in, we now had 3 hours to consume $600 worth of food and drink.  Impossible!  I believe the minimum order amount removes a lot of motivation from the wait staff.  We ended up not spending $75 and had tons of wasted food and drinks.  Very disappointing.All in all, this was a terrible experience.  This is a poor concept compounded by mediocre food and huge minimums. A fail on so many levels - Emeril should be removing his name from this place, immediately.
2	First time in Vegas, on a work trip, so first time at this restaurant. Luckily the conference holders paid, or I would have been less happy. The food, to me, was subpar: the only thing I really liked was my crab cocktail. I ordered the shrimp and grits as an entree. The shrimp was not described as being jumbo, but it was. To some people, this might not be a problem, but I'm not a fan; I couldn't even bite through the head. It was also wrapped in bacon that had not been crisped properly AT ALL: it felt like it was still raw in spots. My bread pudding was underdone, and the creme anglaise was salty. At least the drinks were good: I highly recommend the Mulligan. Service was patchy at best; toward the end of the night, we waited 20-30 minutes for water, only to find that we had a container already available, but they could have at least mentioned that. I definitely was not impressed, and I won't be back. Wish we had gone to Delmonico instead, as was the original plan.
1	The sportsbook in Lagasse's Stadium is a joke.  Since I was staying at The Palazzo I thought I would try placing some plays there. Got there ten minutes till 9AM Saturday morning, and there is long line of bettors,  because they only have one cashier working.   Everyone waiting in line was complaining.
4	Awesome place to watch a game. Great food. Tvs that you and all your guests can see.The skyboxes could be cheaper though.We were there on a Monday football game and the place was pretty empty, they could have dropped the price down from 1500.00 for 10 people, and would have made more money from us.And the sound could be improved. But the food... Yuuumm.
4	Hands down the best place to go with your friends for any game. It is the place to be in Vegas if you don't want to miss a game. Also has a sports book right at the bottom making it easy to make your bets and collect even easier. Food is good but could be a bit better with some more variety. Service however is quick and good.
5	Hands down best place to watch a sporting event in Las Vegas!  Lisa and Shelley made the experience that much more memorable.  Super great girls took great care of my friend and me!  Great company and outstanding service!  These girls rock!!Will go back every time I am in town!
2	This is a great 'stadium theater' to watch your games if you want a higher end sports book but the seats are so uncomfortable you will be in misery. The food is above par. I had the chicken wings and mussels and cannonballed that selection with a huge bowl of cheese fries. The only thing missing was the cardiac paddles. Food good, service good, atmosphere very good, seating- THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE EVER!
4	Good place to watch a game.  You need to make a reservation. Most tables have there own television, but there are tv clusters. It's nice to watch a game in the outdoor area by the strip. I thought the food was good. It's good bar food.
3	I'm torn here between 3 and 4 stars.  While this is a great place to watch a game with TVs everywhere and your own little private areas....you have to pay a minimum per person in order to get a decent table.  They have $25 per person all the way to $500 per person depending on where you want to sit.  I do admit that the $500 per person area is amazing...like a private theater.  We elected for the $50 a person booth area that had 2 big TVs and it was a great time.  Between the $8 beers, $10 mixed drinks and $25 avg entree price...we had no issue getting to $50.  **If you do not plan on eating here, I'd avoid it as you will have to reach your minimum on alcohol alone**The food was hit and miss.  My burger for example...was phenomenal.  It was a Foie Gras Burger that was cooked to perfection with a big hunk of Foie Gras on top that added a touch of amazing to an already great burger.The Ribs my buddy ordered however...were a HUGE let down....tasted like they bake them....they were slightly tough and did not slide off the bone and were basted to death in BBQ sauce that tasted like KC Masterpiece or maybe Bulls-eye....BLECH.My other 2 friends both got the burgers, so it was hard to rate anything else.If I was in Vegas during football season again, I'd come back here.
5	Jackie is the best!! We stayed all day and watch a great day of football. The food is amazing and in 20+  years of coming to Las Vegas we have never had a better day watching every NFL game! As a bonus it is great to watch Jackie walk away every time she comes by!!
1	Horrible beer selection. Walked out because they serve foie gras.. Shame on them!And, there hostesses were clueless.
3	I swung by on a College football Saturday with a group of friends to catch the tail end of East coast games at 6PM. Was told by the hostess they had a $50 minimum per person which seemed really steep for a sports bar, even if this is a gourmet one.We opted for bar seating instead which was plentiful (the dining room was only half full). We got all 3 varieties of wings which were delicious, and the 4 of us got drinks. Total tab was $75 which was pretty pricey for an hour of football watching. In general I love the concept, and think the food is great but the price-point isn't justified.
5	Ambiance is fantastic.  A great place to watch sporting events.....even reserve top half and have a party.   Food is yummy and drinks are worth every penny
5	Great place to catch the game. Tyler and mymy, were awesome. Mymy was my server two nights out of our trip and remembered me when I came back (think about how many people these guys see), and even my issue with the bread the night before (great personalized service). Food was excellent, Cajun burger was great,  meatloaf sandwich was good but needs softer bread, crunchy French roll was hard to eat. Seating areas are super cool either at bar or stadium area, and this is vegas so hitting a $50 min for the stadium is not an issue, but I prefer the ambience at the bar, and again the staff is great. Kudos to mymy and Tyler for a great experience, may even be back for college football on Saturday because of these folks. Bar does need more tap beers.
3	Good place to watch games. They really need to work on their food.  Nachos were cold. And a friend who was with me just said "the ribs are better at Friday's." I realize it's a sports book. An expensive one, though.
4	For a college football gameday experience, this is pretty solid.  Nearly every televised game is available.  The downside is the table minimum at 25$ per person.   If you are here with a group, that minimum is easy to fulfill, but is still somewhat high.  The bucket and pitcher specials are nice, but you could probably do better elsewhere.The saving grace here has been the server.  Derek has been outstanding.  He secured me a table with plenty of space, easy "facilities" access, and has been awesomely attentive.I have not had the food, but I saw orders from others as they came by and it looked tasty.In a nutshell, if with a group of people for a specific game/race, this could be cool.  As an individual, I feel I got lucky and spoke to the right person.
4	Had dinner at one of the couch areas with our own TV; $50pp minimum (minimum varies depending on games that are on and where you sit) Easily achieved with an app, drinks and two meals. We shared the tuna poke, which I thought had a good flavor with the avocado and lime. I had to send back the creole Burger as I ordered it rare and the waitress saw me cut into it only to be disappointed by a medium Burger. The second one was cooked beautifully and the sausage, onions, and cheese were a welcome addition on the Burger. Fries weren't anything spectacular, very salty with the seasoning. Wife had shrimp and grits; grits were a Al dente and stood up well to the creole seasoned shrimp. Beer selection is nothing great but they do have Dogfish Head 60 minute bottles. Overall a nice way to catch a game; if you're in the couch areas expect you might sit near annoying drunks -but hey its Vegas right? Call to make reservations as open table stated nothing was available and we were able to get a spot with our own TV to catch the game on a Sunday afternoon.
5	This review is only for the Luxury Boxes at Lagasse Stadium. We have used them twice and both time have come away very pleased with the Service, amenities and food. This trip was for Thursday night football and we were a group of 6. We ordered all the usual suspects when it came to finger foods, Nachos, Sliders, Smothered Fries, everything was great. We always reserve Box 1, since there is a Pool table outside the doors. Perfect for cigars. This place is worth the expense.
5	A sports fans dream!!!!! Such a fabulous place to watch football! Sunday Funday for sure! Tons of screens all around and a variety of seating options. You can belly up to the bar or reserve VIP booths or stadium seating or what we did was reserve a table of 11. Of course in true Vegas fashion to do anything cool we had to spend a minimum of $50 each on food and drink to stay for a 4 hour time slot. They cater to the different times the games play. We all wore our favorite team jerseys as we were having a girls weekend in Vegas and girls flew in from all over. It was a perfect Sunday in Vegas. The good was good I had the gush and chips yum perfect hangover food lol
5	Had a company party in luxury boxes 4 & 5. Everyone was wonderful in helping plan! Patricia and Lisa were great!! The execution was wonderful and the staff very response to our guests! Jerry and Melissa were very friendly. Great place to have a FUN corporate function!
3	Poor beer selection for a sports bar. No drink menu. Food is just so-so. Would easily say the food is not up to emerils standard. Worse than your typical bar food.
4	I've only been here for off peak sporting events (watched the Belmont one time and a 2nd round Blackhawks hockey game the other time...no NCAA basketball or NFL Sunday craziness), but we thought the venue was great.  Both times, we were told that we had to leave before a certain time, as we were seated in areas with reserved spots later in the day; but, what we wanted to watch was ending in time anyway.  In hindsight, it would have been a good idea to call ahead, but it worked out.  The main screen is huge, like a movie theater's screen.  There are also several off shooting areas (those had a lounge feel), which made the overall restaurant feel huge.  Food was good, but not particularly memorable either way.   You're coming for the event anyway, and the food is good enough while you watch. Having a sports book right there is nice & convenient, but the lines can be long.  You'll want to allow plenty of time to place your bets to avoid the chaos of the last minute rush.
4	If you can get by the minimum price that you have to pay to get in you'll have a great time. The atmosphere was inviting and the food was amazing. Did seem that the staff catered to the high roller section a bit but I guess that is to be expected.  Overall it was a good experience.
5	First time visiting and I was very impressed.  If you're a die hard sports fan or even just the casual sports fan this is a great place either way.  The servers were very pleasant and the food was good as well.  After eating I went to watch the game in the stadium area and that was like watching a game in vip lounge.  I met the on duty manager while he was making his rounds and he gave me the background on how the club was transformed from the 40/40 club to its present look.  I definitely recommend this place. also, I like that you can place your bets in there as well.
1	Don't waste your time. ...are you kidding me? ! In a city of free alcohol we played video poker got comped nothing and for one martini and one jack on the rocks we got charged $27.00. There are a million other places on the strip you can get a better deal. What a rip off
4	Great place to watch games in Vegas!  We had lounge seating with our own table and 2 TVs.  The food was really good for bar food.  Highly recommend the pretzel, it was amazing!  Pizza and wings were also really good and great service!
1	I had one of the worst experiences as a customer at this establishment. I was looking forward to enjoying Sunday football after my husband told me what a great time he had last year. Once we arrived we were greeted by hostile and visibly stressed hostesses. The seating system is HEAVILY flawed, there is no reason that a Vegas establishment has not figured out an efficient manner in which to service guests. The servers were all passive aggressively hostile as well. They have a $50 minimum per customer and treat you like you like they could care less whether you are satisfied or not. I will NEVER return and would recommend that you take your business elsewhere.
4	Service and Layout can be godawful.  Drinks - only trust draft and bottle beer.  Food - always excellent.  I go for the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, pie, wings, and everything else.  The environment can be a bit rowdy too.  But the food really is worth it.
2	My friends and I tried this new sports bar legasse stadium and it was terrible. It was overpriced and the service was horrible! Maybe it was just what all 8 of us ordered but not one person enjoyed their food.  Recently, I figured that might have been a bad day or things changed over the years. I was wrong, same  $50 minimum per person for crap food and same lack of service. With the layout this could be such a great place, but because of the service, food and pricing it is far from that.  If you're looking for a place that shows sports I have always liked Todd English Pubb, Tilted Kilt, and Twin Peaks.
4	This is a super high end sports bar -- very different from your typical sports book in Vegas -- and certainly pricey, but worth it for the experience.  We went to watch the Seahawks Sunday Night football game -- we had a blast as most of the fans were Hawks fans :)  We paid the $100 cover for the reserved stadium seating, but they also have many other seating options including private rooms.  The only challenge is trying to spend the full cover -- definitely come hungry and ready to drink!  Service was excellent throughout the game, and if you needed a break, there's a full sports book and a side room with craps and blackjack.Would definitely come back for more sports viewing!
5	Came here Friday night to watch Oklahoma state vs Washington. We had great sofa seats in front of the giant screen TV.  After I put down my bet on the games, we had buffalo wings and nachos with our beer and sangria. The service was excellent, she constantly check on us and kept our drinks coming... This is the best sports book in Vegas! Not only you can bet on the games, the ambiance was perfect if you love sports.
5	Awesome. We came in for the weekend and wanted a place to watch the NFL playoff games. This is one of the coolest places I've ever been to. Most of their seating is couches as opposed to dining tables. TV's everywhere. Some of the best service I've ever had in my life. Highly recommended.
4	We were actually very surprised that this place wasn't reviewed higher.  I understand there are dollar thresholds you have to cross for reserved seating during high profile games (didn't apply for the bowl game on the night we visited), but if you're planting yourself someplace to watch a football game, chances are you'll be eating and drinking for a solid 3+ hours, so shouldn't be that hard to meet your quota.  At least it wouldn't be for me!  We were seated in the stadium/couch area, and had some of the best seats in the house.  Our seats were chaise lounge style, so we were able to stretch our legs out and watch our game on the big screen.  Comfort, check!  There were tons of TVs in this place.  There were several flatscreens surrounding the main projection screen, and then a few other bar areas apart from the main seating area, all of which seemed to have ample TV options.  Game viewing, check!They had interesting menu options, but when I'm watching a game I pretty much always want to shovel nachos in my face, and they were more than able to accommodate me in that mission.  Decent food options, check!  I wasn't too adventurous with my drinks choices here.  We opted for buckets of Corona, with the occasional Patron shot mixed in.  Think we got a good deal on the Coronas, but who could really remember after a couple quarters passed by.  Hey, my team was getting annihilated!  Beer deals, check!It was pretty empty when we were there - ours was the late game. But our server was friendly and attentive, and nonjudgmental of my meltdowns each time my team made a horrible play (it was quite frequent on this particular evening).  Good service, check!I really can't think of a better spot to watch a big game, especially in Vegas.  I am going to dock them a star for having foie gras on the menu.  I hate it anywhere, but is it really necessary to have a foie gras burger at a sports bar?  I don't think so.
