3	the food here is great, but the service extremely spotty.one time a server implied my grandma was fat...yeahhh...awkward.that 'incident' didn't keep us from returning, mostly because the server was not employed much longer. judging from her level of customer service, i'd imagine she works for giant eagle now.
3	Good food. I liked the Chicken Marsala but the prices could be better. There is a kid working their that looks like Jonah Hill/Seth from Super Bad - with a white boy fro and all! That made only OK service a little better!
5	I have eaten here about a half dozen times (this location) and the food has always been excellent. Never disappointed. Love the crab bisque. And the ribs are always good -- among the best I have had anywhere. Same experience at the other Pittsburgh area locations.
4	For starters JB and I split the quattro fromage with fried pita chips which was absolutely delicious in all its creamy, gooey glory. I contemplated licking the bowl but decided to keep it classy and pass. As my entree (Atria's is not very vegetarian friendly) I ordered zucchini planks which were gigantic and a bit too greasy but they were good, the horseradish sauce that came with them could have used more bite. JB chose the crab cakes for his entree and was extremely pleased. The 2 cakes were small but they were full of luscious lumps of crab meat and practically no filler. I tasted a bit of the cucumber salad that accompanied the dish, not bad but had a hint of an anise after taste that my taste buds found unpleasant. The salad that came before the crab cakes had the most amazing croutons. I'd order a bowl of them with some ranch if I could. To sum it up, JB was very satisfied and me...well, not so much. Ill still give Atrias 4 stars because the service was impeccable and the ambiance was pleasing.
4	My boyfriend and I wanted to have a fancy night out, without wandering too far afield. Atrias fit the bill. We were seated promptly without a reservation. Our server Angelina (maybe Angelique) was phenomenal. We each got something from the bar. He was offered a frosted glass with his newcastle, and my margarita ($5 margarita night) was delicious. Our meals were delivered promptly. He ordered the seafood pasta and I got the ahi tuna: Both were delicious. My ahi tuna was particularly exceptional.The waitstaff was very friendly, and while we were there, the manager was visable on the floor. As someone who as worked in the service industry, I find this is usually a good thing. We will definitly go again!
2	Service was excellent, but the food did not equal the price.  My pasta was lackluster at best.  For the price, I would go to Lydias.
3	The food was a little bland, but tasty.  The service and ambiance are classy and nice.  I wouldn't make a trip here, but given the other options in the area this is the best.Note: it gets busy during the week at lunch after noon, so try to go a little early.
4	Nice outdoor dining.  Comfort food. Always good service.
1	I have been there 3 times and all three times were bad. First time I ordered an appetizer and it came out partially frozen.  It was bang bang shrimp.  It was suppose to be hot.  Second time I got prime rib. It was so turf and grisly that I couldn't cut it and also found plastic wrap stuck to it....gross.  Third time received the wrong order and waited so long to get the waitresses attention that everyone was done eating so I didn't eat. I went home and ate. Will never go there again. I gave it one star for atmosphere.
5	We went on a special event day when they were roasting a hog on the patio so the food we had wasn't part of their regular menu. The crab bisque was amazing and the roasted special was cooked to perfection. We will go back.
5	Ignore Patricia's review.  The food items she claimed to hate are not, nor have ever been, on Atrias menu.  Idiots like her disparage good businesses.
