4	I don't have much of a greenthumb, thankfully my husband is awesome at making things grow. He recently started a garden in our back yard and I accompanied him on one of his shopping trips to Star Nursery. I could spend hours looking at all of the plants they have to choose from. We ended up loading a very handy flat cart with tons of well priced plants, plus fertilizer and other things we needed to get our gardening on...Staff is available to help if you have questions but for the most part will leave you alone to do your own thing. As soon as my husband says we can plant some new stuff, I am sure we will be back!
4	Just having moved here from Seattle, figuring out which plants will survive here has been kind of hard. Star nursery has been great answering all my "dumb" questions and offering suggestions. I took in some leaves from lemon and grapefruit that had been planted at the house and they gave me great advice. Seems like they werent getting enough water and getting sunburned. In Vegas? go figure lol!The only thing I would like to see change is maybe they could greet you or ask if you need help. I always have to go find someone. But pretty much good advice and great plant selection.
4	This review is strictly for purchase of a Christmas tree.I was pretty set on getting our tree from another store because it was a steal but they had run out and my heart was sad. So me and my family were on a mission to find our perfect Christmas tree, without spending a fortune on doing so. For whatever reason, I thought I was going to be stuck shopping at a Christmas tree lot to get our tree. It never crossed my mind to come to a Nursery to get a Christmas tree but when we found out my sister in law got her tree from here and paid only $20, we quickly headed over. We walked inside and it was big and spacious, clean and neat. A couple of nods and smiles our way from the employees, just enough acknowledgment to let us know that if we needed assistance they were there. We asked where the Douglass firs were and were told they were all the way in the back leaning against pallets. I chuckled because of course they would be in the back, they want everyone to spend their money on the noble firs instead. But when we saw that the noble firs were reasonable priced at $35, we figured it was worth the deal to get a better quality tree and spend the extra $15.The tree we found was beautiful, freshly cut and fresh, fresh, fresh!!!We were immediately assisted when I said that was the tree I wanted. They tore off ticket from the tree, so no one else could pick it out and I headed to the cashier to pay for it while they went to load it up for me.They helped us load and tie it down to the car. We were literally in and out in 10-15 minutes flat. I know next year, I will definitely be getting our fresh Christmas tree from here. Why wouldn't I? They are in the business of plants, flowers and trees. Best decision I have made in a very long time.
5	I love this place!Everyone there is always so helpful and pleasant.The prices are right.They know what they are doing to keep everyone coming back
4	Yeah. Okay. This I can do.Almost a third of our back yard is dedicated to gardening. Root veggies, fruits, herbs, hot peppers, bell peppers....the list goes on. With the wicked frost that continued for days, we lost some of our newbie trees, my cacti and my Russian Mammoth Sunflowers. I don't think  I'll ever go to a Lowe's again for plants.They had just about every tree that you can imagine. Ones from every price point too. If you are willing to spend over a hundred dollars on a tree, you can. If you want to spend twenty dollars on a tree, you can.My favorite was their cacti and succulents. They had such a hearty selection. Cacti, succulents, and different aloes. What a way to get to my heart!!!!The areas outside covered with tarp are extremely warm. It was in the sixties today, and I was about to break a sweat. I was happy when we went to cash out, because the temperature was so much nicer.The amount of herbs, flowers, and variety of other species is just simply breathtaking.Now, for the bad.There's cats here. Roaming free. Chilling on stacks of bagged soil... it's weird.and there is a boat load of ants. That needs to be paid some attention.. I know it's outside and all... but.. jeez. They sell natural herbs that repel ants!! We were able to get a peach tree, two cacti, two herbs, and two different chilli plants for under $50!
4	You are here! Great place to pick up all of your garden needs, house plants too! Potting soil, fake grass, pots, plants, you name it, and it is less expensive than Home Depot and Lowes. Yep every spring I am here, the staff is helpful and they know their business. They have cute little red flyer carts for you to drag your flowers, and vegies around in.. Have fun growing!
1	I place an order and I was put on hold for 25 minutes, crazy, I don't think I will order ever again.
5	Nice plant nursery...went there for the Agaves.  Decent variety of them...some were pretty big!  Found a really nice one and Dustin helped me uproot it and clean the roots so I could ship it.  He was very helpful. Everyone there very nice.  Clean and organized and plants in nice condition.  Highly recommend!
