5	Finally a Freddy's right near my house! Love their steakburgers & grilled hotdogs. Fries are great too. The best best best frozen custard in the east valley IMO. So delicious! Very friendly staff at all locations and good service. If you've never had a steakburger, try Freddy's first. If you've never tried Freddy's steakburger, what are you waiting for???
3	I am not really impressed. The only thing that stood out to me is the burger patties. They have the thin fried webbing around the edges that I used to get from Schoops Old Fashioned Hamburgers in Indiana. .. you know just like you make at home. But the flavor was plain. Fries are mediocre just like the onion rings. And the biggest strike is that they don't have coke products. Boo. This will ALWAYS keep me from coming back. What place doesn't have coke these days? I didn't try any custard. But I don't know if I'll be back to try it...
4	Pros: excellent burgers and I love super skinny fries. ( even though you have to eat them really fast so they don't get cold ) cost for 2 with burgers, fries, onion rings, shake and mini sundae was about 23.00. Pretty good deal. I loved it but my husband preferred 5 guys but I am the one writing the review,   Cons: when we got there at 6 on a Friday night there were 10 or so people in front of us. So we were standing next to booths with people eating. Nothing like a butt in your face while dining ! That is poor restaurant design and should be fixed.  Smashburger does it as well as fuddruckers. So fix this part and you will have a successful place. Loved it!
2	Come for the custard, steer clear of the rest.Location was clean  = 1 starStaff was friendly and prompt = 1 starFood execution = 0 starsBurger patties are thinner than the pickles., they missed adding cheese to my burger as ordered. The only thing thinner than the patty was the fries.Chicago style dog did not fit on the bun and and fell apart while trying to eat.Do yourself a favor and eat at Five guys around the corner and just come for custard.
5	Best drive thru burger place ever! Even better than alot of sit down burger places! Loved Freddy's Original Double STEAK BURGERS. ... AMAZING!!!      The service was fast, friendly, and courteous.    Thanks Freddy's!
