5	Patricia is very professional and her room and the salon has a great atmosphere. The massage was wonderful! I don't get massages often so Patricia went easy so I wouldn't go home sick and in pain. I would definitely recommend this to my friends and family.
5	I cannot sing Patricia's praises enough!  She is truly a gifted massage therapist.  I stumbled upon Patricia via Groupon.  Her Groupon special is quite the bargain especially given her skill level. Patricia is warm, personable, and highly accommodating (I cannot tolerate getting massages from cold, sterile people...especially when you are entrusting your body to them). I enjoyed the high paced energy she brought to my deep tissue massage.  She is meticulous and ensures knots are adequately found and eradicated.  Her aromatherapy techniques and use of heat are highly effective in driving away pain.  She demonstrated a variety of stretches I can utilize to relieve stress and tension.The search is over...I have found my massage therapist in Las Vegas!!!
5	Patricia is definitely a diamond in the rough.  I stumbled upon her on Groupon and didn't have high expectations, boy was I wrong! Everything was top notch from start to finish.  I have since gone back and gotten another massage and it was more of the same.  Her healing touch coupled with how she listened and genuinely cared is what sets her apart from every other massage I have ever had.Thanks Patricia for everything!
5	Finally a Groupon was used before it expired, and it was not another fail! Score. I'm pretty easily persuaded to  sign up for any kind of pampering, and a 90 minute massage was a no brainer for $65. She is loacted in the Hair Arts Salon situated behind the Einstein's Bros, Massage Envy plaza. The salon itself is nicely decorated, and is set up sort of like Sola Salon, except each person has a room with a door, not a sliding door. Patricia started out by asking me my history and if I had any issues going on, then she gave me her background and then told me about her products she uses. Everything she uses is natural, you are able to pronounce any ingredient listed on a lotion/cream/balm etc. I like that a lot. Organic coconut oil and essential oils are what she primarily used on me. I had recently started back to Bikram after taking a very long hiatus and I thought I could pick up where I left off, I over did it and my right hamstring was bothering me, so she focused on that. She did a full body massage, and the pressure was perfect. Just by massaging she was able to tell I am a left side sleeper and that I sleep with my arm under the pillow. I thought that was pretty impressive. I loved the different techniques she used, she incorporated a little bit of Tai Chi, aromatherapy, stretching and hot stones.  Her normal pricing is $85 for a 90 minute massage which I don't think is that outrageous. I will for sure be back.
