1	If you want a very average burger, with a nice big stinking pile of AWFUL customer service on the side, this is your Burger King location. I've worked in the area for almost 5 years and gone to this place 2 times. Now I remember why. I''ll avoid this stop like the plague from now on. At least until the staff is entirely replaced or retrained. Rude, disengaged, curt, and bitter. To the customers and very obviously to each other too. Most unimpressive cashiers ever. Some of the worst customer service in Charlotte NC. Period.
1	The interior design appears to be done by a blind person from the 80s. The store was clean however and the nice big bright screens in which the food items were displayed was a plus. The angry whopper I ordered had this disgusting sauce on it and the whopper my friend ordered made her sick. She couldn't even finish half of it. This Bk gets bonus points for the coke 360 machine or whatever it is called, but all the drinks we tried seemed off. Their fries were also a better than I remember, but that isn't saving much. With chick-fil-a, McDonald's, and Chipotle so close. Don't bother with this place.
1	Rude employees & horse meat w/ a side of cat & dog are not one of my favorite things to eat. In fact, I wouldn't eat any of those animals under any circumstance. Stay away from these fast food places. They'll make you fat!
1	It's a burger king, so I won't say much about the food. It was just what you would expect out of a Burger King. I don't normally review  fast food places, but people should know that something is off at this Burger King. Okay, first of all, I walked in, and went to use the restroom after several hours on the road. Well. An employee made the very odd decision to prop the door open. While I was "mid-flow." It's hard for men to stop urinating when they start, especially if they have to go really bad. So, I was standing there, whizzing away and, just to repeat, the employee came and propped the door open. Why would they do such a thing? Let's just throw privacy out the window. Making matters worse, a little girl was confused by the open door, and must have assumed it was the little girl's room, and walked in for a second. So, great, having my genitals out in the presence of a child. Just lovely. I growled/shouted "Wrong Bathroom" at the kid, and seemingly terrified,  she ran away, and fell on her butt on the way out. Even worse, as I was washing my hands I heard her mom start screaming at her for the mistake. I was a little shaken at this point, and sort of stumbled up to the ordering counter to get my spicy chicken sandwich. Nobody was serving me, as I stood there trying to not look annoyed, and then the little girl with her mom walked to the other register, and were promptly served by a dwarf working at the other counter. Look, I'm glad that Burger King is cool with employing Dwarves, I'm sure it's not easy for "little people" to find gainful employment. But come on lady, I wasn't trying to insult you when I stood at the wrong counter, I just couldn't see you. When I adjusted to her cash register (heaven forbid she come to my register or alert me to her presence), the cashier was kind of unpleasant. I hope nobody spit on my food. Oh yeah, the Spicy chicken sandwich was fine, it tasted the same way it would at any other burger king.
2	Burger King food is Burger King food. Just like any other fast food it should always taste the same no matter what location you go to. That being said, it's the service that matters.This Burger King has by far the SLOWEST 'fast food' drive through. It takes entirely too long to order and get food quickly. I sometimes fly by here after a soccer game to get a yummy frozen Coke, so that should take what? 1 minute max to make? Whatever the reason I'm left to wait, mind wandering while I watch employees in the drive up window moving around without a purpose.As an FYI this Burger King has also been redone, the interior and exterior. So the ambiance has improved some what. Overall if you don't have to eat here, then pass her by!
