4	For the past 10 years, I have lived literally 200 yards from this location.  Generally I get delivery (because I am lazy), but do on occasion go in for their Mon-Wed special of a large pizza carryout pizza for $7.99 (I am not sure how many toppings, I always get ham and green peppers).This Domino's has been pretty consistent for me.  Because I am so close, the pizza arrives smoking hot, and generally within the time span that is given on the confirmation email (I usually order during senior citizen dinner hours and never on a busy football Sunday).  Since they have been running the $7.99 medium pan pizza special, I have eaten WAY too many of them.  Every one I have gotten has been well cooked, with adequate toppings and the right amount of sauce.  The new(ish) parmesan bites are very good - light with a sprinkling of parmesan cheese held on by a butter product.  And the lava cakes are the perfect PMS treat.  They come 2 to an order, so I eat one when ordered so it's all chocolate molten-y and eat the other one cold the next day (or the next, but they rarely survive 2 days) and it is like a moist yet crunchy brownie.  Be aware when carrying out, this is located in the Trader Joe's parking lot, which has a. insufficient parking and b. wonky sized parking spaces - SUV's, beware.  I usually drive behind the shopping center to the additional parking.  You still may not find a space, but if you do it is more likely to be wide enough for your vehicle.  The delivery drivers have always been friendly and timely.  Even though I have the choice of Pizza Hut, Papa John's and Hungry Howie's, I typically get Domino's unless I have a specific craving for one of the others.
5	Brian, the delivery man, is absolutely phenomenal. As good as it gets! The specialty chicken is awesome!!
2	I'm new to the area,  and have only tried this location a handful of times.  Unfortunately, on my last 2 visits there have been issues.  The previous issue was simple and not a big deal- they put the wrong kind of sauce on my chicken and had to remake it. They offered me a free soda during my wait. The most recent visit, however, was a bit more annoying. When I showed up, my name was on the "ready" list, but when the guy went to go grab it, he realized only 1 of my 2 pizzas had been made. (Clearly they forgot to make it.). So I had to wait while the one pizza cooked, and the other one sat around (along with my chicken and parmesan bites).  I was offered an apology, but that was it. I'm trying to figure out if this location has just become too busy and can't keep up, or if they haven't trained their staff very well, or if I've just happened to have bad luck the last 2 times. Regardless, there is a Papa John's a few minutes closer to my house, so I may be trying them next time.
1	Order from ANYWHERE else but here. Seriously! Especially if you're thinking about ordering delivery. Weekdays - 2+ hours. Weekends - worse.If you're starving real bad, can't think straight, hear your stomach making noises you haven't heard before... still DO NOT order from here!
