4	Good golf course. Having some issues with the fringes of the greens. If you slightly miss the green, consider a low pitch shot. Putting thru the fringe is very hard and does not provide a good roll. Tough par 3s from the back tees. A few goofy greens. #8 is one of the toughest holes in Charlotte. Ownership is terrible. The lady is decent but the man is an absolute, well, let's say he's not the friendliest person in the world. Horrible range balls with a terrific practice facility. Sorta like putting vinyl seats in a Ferrari.
4	Regent Park is a good golf course.  It has a decent layout, some elevation, and a good staff. I played this course in excellent condition and so so condition.  The sand traps and fairways are always in excellent shape.  The greens is where it sometimes lacks.  Though I have heard this is one of the most heavenly played places in Charlotte.  I always can get a great deal here online, but would never pay full price.  They have decent practices facilities ( chipping, bunker, putting, driving range) and the food here is actually pretty good.  Get the undertaker burger and you won't be dissapointed.
1	Owners are very rude people. Course never in good condition. Not worth money or hassle of bad costumer service
2	I was debating whether to give this a 2 or 3, but after reading other reviews, going with the 2 rating as it doesn't seem like they get customer service.It started out poorly.  My brother had made a tee time and when he booked it, told the person he had a coupon from the local paper (it was Memorial Day and they were running a special for that day), which they said they'd note on the reservation.  When he checked in (before me), he told the person behind the counter that he had the coupon, and they honored the price.  I checked in about 15 minutes later, and someone new as behind the counter.  I didn't know about the coupon, so I paid for myself and my guest.  My brother came in just after the guy ran the transaction and mentioned the coupon.  At this point, the employee became very difficult.  He told us that he couldn't honor the coupon since I didn't mention it, and it was too late.  He berated us for even suggesting that we ask for a discount after the fact.  My brother told him about telling the person on the phone about it, and how it shouldn't be hard to reverse the transaction especially since the deal was advertised for this day only.  The employee continued to be rude so I just suggested we go play and see if someone else was working when we finished.  As a side note, when we finished, there was someone else and they did give us a $40 refund (value of the coupon) but had to find the owner to do it, which took about 15 minutes.Pace of play was very slow, just over 5 hours (which to me, is painful, I'm used to 4 hour rounds at home and we walk...this was 5+ hours with everyone in carts).  We complained to a ranger a few times, but they said the course was backed up (but it seemed to be just two groups playing slow ahead of us).  Tees were kind of hairy and hard, not well manicured.  The greens were in good shape though, rolled pretty well, fairways weren't too bad.  Nice layout overall, some good holes.  Overall, a pretty easy course.I didn't use the range, but my brother said the balls were very old and cracked.We played a course up in Greenville earlier in the weekend, and it was the same price with better conditions and much better attitude from the staff.
