4	I like to think I have a pretty good eye for restaurants - simply eyeballing a place will usually tell me roughly how good it's going to be.  I eyeballed this place and my intuition told me: BAD.  Or at least generic.  Big sports bar, cheesy gimmicks, giant TV's, overly perky waitresses, a huge meandering menu, and empty tables everywhere.  But it was the only thing open at that hour across the expressway from my hotel so I didn't listen to my intuition, which was a good thing because it turned out to be great.Dan ordered this monstrosity-sounding thing that was like a steak quesadilla stuffed with french fries.  It came with the most nuanced salsa ever.  I mean, I could taste every little spice that went into that bowl separately in my mouth, and every one of them tasted fresh.  In addition to that, the quesadilla wasn't too greasy, the steak was not overcooked, and the french fries were somehow, despite being mashed into a quesadilla and fried, not mealy.  Yum!My hot garlic chicken wings, despite being placed roughly in the middle of the spice indicator on the menu, were so hot that when I brought them to my face I started coughing before they made it to my mouth.  However, when they actually did make it to my mouth, it was a slow-burning spice, one easily extinguished by the bleu cheese dressing.  Which was bland and slightly chemically on its own, but served its raita-like purpose nicely.Were I ever to be in Monona, WI again (somewhat unlikely) I would come back.
4	This is by far the best Buffalo Wild Wings in Madison! You can always count on their food being just what you expected, where as other locations are hit or miss. The service is always pretty decent. They have many T.V's so you can watch a game or follow multiple games. They also offer trivia, which is sometimes fun to play if your going to be there for a few hours. Tuesdays is 45 cent wing night and Thursday is 60 cent (Can't remember how much?) boneless wing night. They offer Coke products which makes me sad, but I can get over it, because their wings are soooo good. My favorite sauces: Medium and Asian Zing!
3	In short: a standard wings place. Lots of sauces, lots of chicken, lots of TVs. However, both their food and service was better than the downtown location. Our server was great and ridiculously ninja-like: refills would appear and empty dishes would disappear, bills would show up only to disappear and reappear with change, all without anyone at our table of five noticing. It gets three stars because it's nothing special, but if it was a world of chains and average food everywhere, it'd get five.
3	OVERPRICED but a fun place to meet, snack and watch sports.  Good beer selection.
1	Yikes. An atrocious sports bar with 3,000 flat panel TVs, and a laminated menu book. If you must go here, and don't have time to hang yourself before, stick to the bone-in wings, avoid the useless sauces at all cost, and order lots of drinks to numb the pain.Actually, the mixed drinks can be pretty good. Better yet, avoid the food and toss a few back at the bar instead.
1	it is simply not acceptable that this location does not show UFC fights.  Each time I've called the worker on the other end has been nothing short of rude.  The reason they do not show the fights is " because we don't make make a profit."Yes.  BW3 is a corporation and up until now I really enjoyed the food and location.  They make plenty of profit at the other locations where customers are lierally jammed into the door standing to watch the fights.  Forget you B dubs.  I would rather pay to order the fights at home then to frequent your business anymore.
1	Went for wings last night.  It is a wing joint, after all.  Ordered our wings extra, super crispy.  Like 30 minutes later, they bring out rubbery chicken skin wings.  We sent them back.  Manager came over, and had the NERVE to tell us "that's why I order boneless wings".  Really?  You manage a wing joint, and you don't even eat chicken wings?  Boneless wings are NOT wings.  They are chicken breast.So, after ANOTHER freaking 30 minutes, they bring out our "new" wings.  Yup, you guessed it!!  RUBBERY SKIN WINGS!!  I told our waitress, "bring the bill for the sodas".So, we sat there for a damn HOUR, and they never actually got our freaking order right.  We left without eating.  They need to fire their cooks, and get someone in there that is smart enough to touch the wing, and know it's not crispy!! And, 7 freaking dollars for two sodas!!!  It's funny too, cause on the way out, there is a sign on the door that says "Come hungry, leave triumphant".  HA!  B*llsh*t!It will be a cold day in hell before we go back there!
3	It's what you expect, no surprises here. Only service tends to be slower at this location than others.
2	i oredered take out the other night, and they forgot to include the ranch and celery. Thanksfully i had some at home, but it's not the point. Over the years, BWW has gone downhill, and this location is no exception.
1	I met 2 friends here last weekend. My first time as I usually don't go to chain restaurants. We ordered 4 different appetizers: 12 wings, o-rings, garlic mushroom and a flat bread.  The flat bread was good as were the shrooms. The wings were mediocre at best (was surprised by this considering this IS their business)., dry and not great sauces. We each had 2 drinks and the cost came to $35.00 each. I couldn't believe it. I felt like I wasted my money on nothing. The server was incompetent. She actually told us that if we needed her, just wave our hands. HA! Long wait for food, long wait for the bill. Not a place I'd ever go to again. Ick!
1	Worst wings ever. I ordered boneless wings and a beer. The sauce on the wings was  applied unevenly. The wings themselves were horribly hard, dried out little nuggets that were completely unappetizing. The beer was flat and it wasn't even a full pour which appeared to be because the beer was warm and flat. Like other viewers I experienced awful after effects from the food which must be due to poor hygiene in the kitchen - I can only imagine. BWW will not be getting return business from me.
1	We went in for dinner a little later in the evening and were seated in the dining area and then waited, and watched other tables seated after us get service, and waited...  Just about the time we were about to go to the host stand and let them know we hadn't gotten any service, we noticed one of the servers who clearly wasn't even on the clock anymore go nudge another server and point to our table.  The one that wasn't working walked past our table and told us our server would be right with us before continuing on with whatever sidework she was doing.  We then watched our server finish bussing a dirty table, and then go to the bar to get drinks for another table, before finally coming over to take our drink order.  She never apologized for the wait, just took our order and walked away.The food also was not very good.  I got a buffalo chicken wrap which was pretty bland.  That kind of surprised me for a restaurant with "Buffalo" in the name.  My girlfriend got one of their burgers that was on special.  It was slathered in beer cheese which had soaked through one of the buns.  She ended up just discarding that bun and eating the burger and other bun with a fork and knife.I can't see us going back anytime soon.
3	Like always the service is mediocre.  It is so loud in there that you can not get good service.  There are tvs, trivia and music.  It is sensory overload.  The server did not bother to give us a full list of specials.  I wanted to order a beer and I was told it was happy hour.  However, nothing was explained to me.  What does this mean?It was just "eh."  I asked for a spicy recommendation.  I ordered Asian Zing.  Not spicy.  Nope, nope, nope.  I have no idea why I ever go back to this place.  It is nice for specific events and outings.
1	The last time my husband and I went to this location our service was horrible. We sat in the bar section and the waiter we had was not attentive at all. Than we sat there waiting to give our order and we had to go to the bar to ask for our waiter to come back. He was more interested in the bigger groups in the area than us and the other smaller tables. We are also very unhappy with the fact that the sizes for the wings have changed but the prices have not. So now you get five wings for the price you would have gotten six. Very unhappy with that. We love Buffalo Wild Wings but don't like the changes that have been made!
1	Absolutely the worst service! Even though the manager tried to make things right by apologizing and giving us a discount, we will never return to this location.
3	I went a few weeks ago to meet girlfriends for drinks and dinner. The service was great to start but as we we're waiting for people our waitress stopped coming by. We could barely flag her down and then she passed us off to another waitress. The next waitress was better. The food was good for a chain. I had the naked tenders with Parmesan garlic.Buffalo Wild Wings is what it is. It is an ok place to meet people and play trivia and drink. I only go to chains when other people choose them. I'd give it a 2.5 but since the second waitress was better and the food was pretty good I can give it a 3.
1	While the wings are bigger than they used to be, they're also more expensive. Service is so prescribed and impersonal that it's really a turnoff. And when our table spends the better part of a hundred bucks, we get charged for a chaser? Really? How awful. Skip this location (and the entire chain in general) and find a good local wings place instead.
1	Worst B Dub's ever........So it began when the guy at the host counter sat us all the way in the back of the restaraunt.  Not a big deal usually, but this trip to B dub was to get my buddy out of the house.  He had a broken pelvis and could barely walk.  He had to hobble past several empty tables while he was put on display for all of the partons and staff to see.  There was an empty table right next to the door.  Why couldn't we be seated there.  Piss poor customer service.It gets worse.  After what seemed to be an eternity. our order showed up.  No plates, utencils, just a bowl full of wings.  When we asked for plates and utincels, the waitress scouled and shook her head in discust.  Wow, excellent example of how to treat your guests.By this time, we had enough.  We asked to see the manager, who came over and blew off the fact they made a crippled man walk across the restaraunt (took 5 minutes) to be seated, and then he made excuses as to why his staff was angry.  Then he offered to reduce the bill, but when the bill came we were charged full price.  As we left, none of the staff offered to help my buddy with the door.  As I pulled the car up for him, I noticed him fighting with the door and his walker, while the staff stood at the host desk and watched.  What a bunch of d-bags.I called in to the restaraunt after we left and asked to speak to the general manager.  He was out, but was assured he would return the call.  7 days later still no word.  Dear Mr. GM, here's your Yelp review.  Choke on it.  Not that you give a turkey anyway.I'd rather lick the floor of a KFC than visit this B Dub ever again.
4	Solid place that I use for call-in to-go orders. Only reason it comes in at 4 stars instead of three is the fact that the service level remains high should I have to wait for any length of time
1	*shudder*- It never feels good to spend a hefty sum of money only to feel ripped off and disgustingly unhealthy. That's what has happened the two times I've been here. My fish tacos? Cheap ingredients. Super bland. My boyfriends burger? Huge patty, tiny, cheap crappy bun. The fried  mushroom appetizer we got was a HUGE joke. They came on a tiny paper bowl thing , about 3/4 of a cup of them to share between four people. And they were gross. The French fries are the SALTIEST you will ever taste. Hmm, I wonder why that is? Maybe so you'll be likely to Order more BEER? Blech. Prices are ridiculous. Service is just okay. This place is an abomination.
