4	Nice drinks, but...Wow, long wait at drive-thru.
1	Funny, there were more flys than customers in the Starbucks, just a tad bit uncomfortable.....
5	Love It! Try the Salted Caramel Mocha! Sooo good :)
3	This is one of the closest Starbucks to my house, so if I'm sitting at home and have a sudden craving for an iced tea, hot chocolate, or apple cider, this will be my first choice.  Drive-through can get clogged up pretty quick in the morning, but avoiding peak hours helps keep it smooth.  They do tend to run out of their baked goods rather quickly, though I don't normally indulge in them, so not really an issue for me.  I will note that about 1/6 times I visit this location, they get my order wrong (I ask for soy milk in hot drinks and no sweetener in tea), which is fine, because getting a free drink 1/6 of the time makes me feel better about frequenting a corporate chain.Note:  Parking can get cramped, especially with the drive-through exiting through the middle of the lot.
1	Both times I have been in this location I have asked simple questions and two different employees have rolled their eyes and made me feel like asking a simple question about merchandise would completely put them out. As a fellow Starbucks employee, I would be written up if we ever treated a customer like that. I recommend going to any other Starbucks in the area. This one literally sucks.
5	Although it can be very busy during peak periods, the baristas are always friendly and create good conversation.
2	I really don't want to rank a 2, but I have just had it. I love this location and especially with the drive through. Peak times are HORRIBLE at this place with the layout of the parking lot and drive through (not their fault through), but other times its okay. I have noticed this location is starting to have a LOT of quick turn over. We came here for so long and got to know everyone but each time I go in while is 4 or more times a month, always different people. always friendly though! I do give a 4 star for customer service. But I am rating 2 stars for the drinks. I went in today (drive through) and got my usual today, a tall Mocha frap with whip. It tasted horrible. It seems like that EVERY TIME I come to this one, they make my drink differently. They never follow the same process or didn't wash out the blender container. I was a good mile or more away this morning running to another errand before I REALLY got into my drink to notice and I was NOT turning back around. I shouldn't have to turn around and walk in just to get a common drink re-made. It is just so frustrating. I have had to go back multiple times to get drinks remade at this location. I am just over it. I respect Starbucks as a company and commend their efforts and service, but I am starting to get the feeling that they are loosing their values because they are such a huge name and staple in our modern day and society. I really hope they get back on track. I am to the point of wanting to find local shops and support them instead.
2	Slow drive thru...order wrong.....speaker at drive through order board terrible.....parking lot configuration sucks. Wife's coffee not made very well. I appreciate the staff trying to make up for all of the short comings of this location. If not for them this would be a one star for sure.
5	Consistent Never really a bad drink and generally has all food in stock. Not super friendly...but hey...just give my my jo and shut up.
2	I was going to give them a "1" star, but they did get half of my order right, and what they gave me by mistake was delicious.
3	If I can give them 2.5 stars I would. Its sad how this is the ONLY Starbucks off the freeway over here and the drive-thru is backed up in ways you couldn't imagine. I frequent SB everyday (DEFINITELY not this one) and this is, by far, the slowest establishment I have EVER been to. Its ridiculous, mind you it's 12 pm on a Sat. I only stop here when times are desperate, this is one of those times. There should be a time limit on the drive-thru..seriously. I had a 10 FaceTime convo with my bestie while waiting to get up to place an order, I still haven't gotten my drink. Holy cow!
5	This Starbucks always gets my order right. This Starbucks location is between my home and work (which both have other Starbucks nearby) however I like this location best.The drive thru line always flows very quickly, and the staff is always friendly. There is a young man named John who works there and he always has the biggest smile on his face. When you give a tip at this location, the employees are always genuinely grateful for it. (More than I can say for the Starbucks by my house, who gets tipped when they don't even get my drink right and don't seem grateful at all.) I just love this location. Everyone is friendly, service is fast, my order is always correct. I've never had a bad experience. Keep up the good work, John and crew!
3	Starbucks is always nice I have never had bad service.. The thing that bugs me is the pumpkin spice latte taste nothing like pumpkin.... Every year I try it but it never does...
1	Worst Starbucks I've ever been to! The staff is extremely rude and act like you are inconveniencing them. Also it's the SLOWEST!! It's a joke, every time I go it takes them nothing short of 30 mins in the drive thru line. I will usually drive out of my way to avoid this location.
5	I am constantly amazed at how some people live without Starbucks.I need it. I must have it. Until it's a life or death situation it will always be Starbucks.
4	I really love this Starbucks! They will always get my order right but the only bad thing is, I have to come to this Starbucks location (since it is closest to me) just to claim my free rewards. Starbucks really needs to change this! Please, let us claim our free rewards at ANY and ALL Starbucks locations! Its really an inconvience.. I have been a gold member cardholder since 2014.
