1	Terrible customer service!  Saw their store on the money mailer iphone app ... Went in to get my nails done ... The guy said he would rather turn down my business then take the online app money mailer / passport coupon I showed him existed!  He said absolutely no ... I needed the paper coupon.  First of all ... Don't offer the electronic app if you're not going to honor.  I told him I didn't live close.  He didn't care.  Said to come back with a piece of paper!  I won't be coming here again that's for sure!
5	I had to review after seeing a bad review. The gentleman that owns the salon is a bit of a stickler with rules and appointments BUT and this is the most important part. Ann IS PHENOMENAL! I never have a lift, issue with quality or am ever dissatisfied when I come here. I LOVE my nails! I wouldn't give this place up for ANYTHING!Stop wasting your money at other places with bad results or shaped the way you do not want. They AIM to please here... just follow the rules ;-)
3	I've been here 3 times-my first visit was a few years ago and the girl that did my pedicure butchered my toe and I had an infection for a few weeks.  Anyways, this is my mom's regular nail salon, so I gave it another shot in June.  (I don't believe the pedi butcher works there anymore).  I've been here twice this year for gel manicures, pedicures, and an eyebrow waxing.  They've done an awesome job on all services and a great job with my 4th of July toe designs.  My only complaints would be 1) they need a more varied selection of gel colors and 2) don't rush me and start on my nails when I'm still getting a pedicure-you're not rushed-let me enjoy the pedi chair!  I'll continue to go as they're cheaper than my old nail salon-Pink Lotus.
5	I have been going to this salon since it opened.  Ann is the absolute BEST!!  I have never had an issue with lifting...ever!  My nails are always nice and thin and look natural.  No funny edges when they grow out like so many salons.  I LOVE this place.  I went to many other nail salons before I found them, and now I would never go anywhere else.  Give Ann a try, I promise you won't be disappointed!
5	I love this place!  Ann and Tony and all of their coworkers do an excellent job. I always walk out feeling relaxed. They take care of their regulars. Some say it is expensive, but reasonable for the upgrades they provide with a regular service. If you try this place you will be happy.
5	Had a very nice pedicure here, clean and the massage was really relaxing and lasted a long time. Reading yelp reviews sometimes I think people can never be pleased. You're not in a spa at the Princess.....you are in a mom and pop in Gilbert.
5	This is seriously the best place to get pampered!! Hanna is the owner and she is all about taking excellent care of the customer. My feet and hands are always happy!!! Very happy!! You'll love this place!! I give 10 stars for sure!
5	Normally, I refuse to allow shops to do my nails, but I gave Ultra Dynamic Nail a try as a New Year's adventure. TOTALLY glad I did! Turns out, brand new owners as of January 1, 2015. They just remodeled the facility and brought in all brand new equipment. The place is CLEAN. Owners are delightful, friendly and funny. I didn't feel like a number; they actually interacted with me and made me feel welcome and comfortable. Prices great. Nails were fantastic and clever / creative. Polish is a week old now and still looks new. I highly recommend this facility. It's worth the drive.
