5	man, stir fry paradise is so much better than YC's. let me count the ways..-i have rarely had to stand in line, food is always done in 5 minutes max. -lunch is $6.50 and i think dinner is $8, all you can eat-you can be in and out or you can hang for a while. -the owner and staff are super friendly and will remember your face, what you drink, ect. -they serve beer, wine, sake.-they have fresh parsley at the ingredient counter, (which YC's at metro copied) it makes the stir fry taste amazing-they have egg rolls, spring rolls, wings, crab rangoons,  mini-donuts, and more a la carte and included in your buffet price-and best of all, for me, right up the street from my residence so i am a regularin short, if you're down with mongolian bbq, you'll be mondo-down with stir fry paradise. check it out!
4	Whenever I am craving something delicious and healthy I head to Stir Fry Paradise and inevitably eat too many of those chinese donut hole things and load up my stirfry with thick carby noodles (hey, you never know when I might have to run a marathon)This place is affordable like woah and delicious. It is the only do it yourself stirfry place that I have ever been and it may be the only I will need. They sell beer! Nuff said?No. The donut holes as I stated...amazing and the other buffet style non-stirfry items are equally tasty; be it the egg rolls or soups or...JELLO!The staff is super friendly and always remember us and greet us with a warm welcoming smile. Also they are always just busy enough...never crowded never empty.**not much on the atmosphere by the way. Just strip mall average, but I love this place anyhow.
5	So basically, if you don't like stir fry paradise, you have no soul. Plain and simple.I'll admit, it took me a few months to get my exact sauce-combination down, and I am disappointed that they do not have the "sriracha hot chili sauce" to put on top (you know the stuff....bright red chile sauce, green lid... has a rooster picture on it..) but I still love this place.Other reviews are accurate. Staff is amazingly friendly, and they all seem to be family. The food is cooked fast, and you create it yourself to your liking. LOTS of meat choices: beef, pork, turkey, chicken, tofu, shrimp. Fresh veggies and most importantly: cilantro....... LOVE it. Side items are delish. Egg rolls and spring rolls for you vegetarians, 2 kinds of soup, a few other things...... but best of all are their fried pastry things. Basically they are really airy doughnut holes, fried and covered in sugar. My god. I would go there just for them. Also when you get your check, there's cute little tasty candies with it. Dinner for two is under $20.
4	Stir Fry Paradise reminds me of when I used to live in Mesa and my roommate and I would go to Y.C.'s and gorge ourselves on noodles and meat.  I was never the packing champ but he was, one time he got a full large bowl and a small bowl in one trip through the line and still had two take home cartons after eating a mountain of noodles.  I hear they've amended the rules in recent years, but I digress.Stir Fry Paradise does an excellent job on delivering exactly what their name states, all you can eat Mongolian style BBQ,  build your own stir fry at a very reasonable price.  Previous posters mention just how clean this establishment is, you walk in and look around and you can tell just how much care they put into keeping their restaurant in the most cleanly and sanitary condition possible.  The Stir Fry bar is setup very well with all the vegetables and ingredients you would expect. All of the ingredients seemed fresh and in good condition. The staff also did a good job of not cross contaminating my bowl with someone elses, I've been to places like this before where once your stir fry hits the grill, it gets passed around like a lady of the night and you usually don't get back quite what you handed them.  I opted for a Lo Mein style stir fry with beef, chicken, mushrooms, water chestnuts, carrots, bean sprouts and cabbage.  I do wish these places would post a handful of sauce recipes on a board, I've been notoriously bad at over or under seasoning my noodles in the past.  However this time around my instincts must have been right, I made a hoisin based sauce with their house sauce and lots of garlic sauce that turned out pretty tasty and didn't need a drop of soy sauce.  I did think their sauces were more flavorful than some Mongolian BBQ style places I've been, and once cooked they had a better consistency then I've had before.  I ended up with a mountain of noodles that I thought I couldn't finish but somehow did.  Additionally they also have a pre-prepared buffet style section with items like crab puffs, egg rolls, wanton, I believe Sweet and Sour pork, possibly sesame chicken, these fried sugar coated donuts, and of course what no restaurant of this caliber would be without "Jello". which I actually did partake in a little bit of. Other than a single egg roll I didn't really try the buffet area much but that's only because I was more than satisfied with my stir fry which is what I came for anyways.I really enjoyed stir fry paradise and hope to come back often.  maybe next time my eyes won't be bigger than my bowl and I'll actually try the buffet items.
3	Cheap, filling, edible.This was my first time in a place like this.  I was wondering if I made a mistake as I walked up around 6:30.  Employees outnumbered diners 6 to none, and Carrambas next door had about 10 tables occupied.  Having the full attention of the owner he explained how things worked.  Start with a meat, add veggies, then noodles and pour sauce over it.  Then hand it to the cook.  While it was cooking I wandered over to the buffet table to see what they had.  I think I would have preferred the rice I found over there to having loaded my bowl with thick noodles.  Part of the learning curve.  The sauce I made could have used more garlic, sesame and chili, it would have been easier to figure out if I had a small bowl to make the sauce in rather than just pouring choices over my bowl of food.  The food was pretty good, some really good and some meh, none that I tasted was bad.  I had a bowl of a spicy beef soup that I thought was very good.  If you have teenagers or a 20 something son in law this is another choice of places to go, for $7.30 it is all you can eat.  Add a soda and tax and it is still under $10.  The owners were quite attentive.  The place was very clean, the restroom could have maybe used a bit of attention.  By the time I left the place was half full on a Tuesday and several of he customers were regulars.  Next door was almost empty so it must just be a different crowd drawn to the different food choices.
2	Meh... definitely the word to best describe this joint.For $7.30 not including a drink you get a noodle bowl.  You also get to get in on their asian-style fried chicken wings, egg rolls, soups, jello, and fried biscuits with sugar.For 2 people and 1 drink our total came out to $18.00Number 1 BOO on the fact they don't allow takeout dishes for an additional fee like all of the other mongolian bbq places.Number 2 BOO on the fact that its a little steep in price for 1 bowl of freakin noodles with no dream of a doggie bagNumber 3 BOO on the fact that all the servers and cooks have these odd blank stares the entire time we were diningNumber 4 BOO and I know its gross but I gotta keep it real here...we had violent urges to go to the bathroom soon after with pushes of ...ahem ... wind smelling of noodles.... perhaps the biggest POO.. I mean BOO of all =(  and no we didnt "fill up" on a most enormous amount of noodles to deliver such ridiculous movements as our serving sizes were reasonable.However I cannot BOO on their Fried Chicken Wings.  They were absolutely delicious.  Although one more BOO on them for making us wait 10 minutes for more.Mediocre Mongolian BBQ.. meh
5	This place is pretty good, family owned and relatively cheap if you ask me. I really don't know why other people are complaining about the price. I mean $7.30 all you can eat, fresh meat and fresh veggies and a little side bar thing... can't beat it.
5	Found out about Stir Fry Paradise by searching Yelp for Mongolian BBQ restaurants, and what a nice find it was.  We called ahead of time to get some general info, mostly because we weren't sure if we wanted to-go or dine in.  Over the phone the lady was extremely courteous and helpful.  The meal is $7.30 all you can eat (we only had a single plate each with a moderate portion).  The to-go price is 35 cents per ounce.The atmosphere is what you would expect from a typical strip mall restaurant.  Not a whole lot of ambiance, but it was very clean.  I double-checked the maricopa county health site, and they get predominantly Gold ratings.The staff was extremely helpful.  The hostess followed us to the line explaining how Mongolian BBQ works.  We were already familiar with the process, but she made sure we were comfortable with everything anyway.I think what I liked best about Stir Fry Paradise were the sauces/seasonings.  The meats and veggies are pretty much consistent with most Mongolian BBQ places.  The only real difference is that I thought the sauces were more flavorful.  The other thing I really liked was the shape of the plate.  The plate is large with a handle.  It was easy to transport and dispersed the heat more quickly than the usual bowls.We each only had the one serving, and neither one of us finished the plate.  There were a couple of beefy-sized families that were just tearing up both sides of the grill. It's fun to people watch at all you can eat places. They were already into seconds before we finished our plate, and there were no signs of them slowing down!  In addition to the Mongolian Grill, there is a serving area with rice, chicken wings, bbq beef, and orange chicken (might have been sesame chicken).  Not sure because the Mongolian BBQ was already more food than I could hope to eat.  They also had jello and sugared donuts on the line - didn't have those either, but the donuts sure looked good.I give Stir Fry Paradise 5 Stars since the staff was so nice, the food great, and it's a heck of a lot closer than YC's in Scottsdale!  Not crazy about AJ's at Metro center.
4	Great employees and good selection of meat and veggies. Decent price and first time I've ever been to an all you can eat mongolian bbq restaurant..
4	Wow!  After a very disappointing first time experience at YC's I had sworn off this Mongolian BBQ nonsense.  I found myself stuck in NoPho with nowhere to go and decided to give this one a try.  I am so very glad that I did.  What a dramatic difference between the two places.SFP has actual meat.  Not meat flavored frozen cardboard but actual slices of turkey, beef, chicken, and pork.  The veggies are all fresh.  They even have things like pineapple which really make a difference when it comes to creating one of these things.  So there really isn't a lot to mash down at this place (unlike at YC's).  You just pile the stuff up and it doesn't really cook down in the same way.  Mine didn't really change size much going from fresh to cooked.The stir fry was awesome and I cannot wait to go back here.  It might become my regular spot in NoPho.  The price was great for what I got but I would suggest that you just order it in take-out form so that you can take whatever you don't finish home with you.The only reason I didn't give it five stars was the buffet food.  Didn't really love.  The pork and chicken had been sitting out a bit too long.  I'm okay with that.  I didn't go here for the buffet part and I won't be visiting it again.  In all, it was a good experience.  The owner was super nice, the employees were very friendly, and the service was great.
5	Anyone who doesn't love this place has got to be a little bit crazy in the head!  I absolutely love the Mongolian BBQ/Stir Fry type places, so this was right up my alley.The first thing you will notice when you come here is that it's not YC's.  The slices of meat are thicker.  The veggies are fresher and more plentiful.  The restaurant is actually bright and very clean.  Most of all, you will probably notice a lack of a chalkboard with a gazillion hand written recipes telling you how to make a sauce.  Instead, you will find the totally sweet owner standing behind the counter asking you what flavors you're looking for.  Then he'll suggest the amounts of each "sauce" you should add to get what you want.  They take their time here to cook your food, not just fling it around and make a mess.  They even place it in a nicer serving dish than just a bowl.  Nice touch.Aside from the fantastic food, that literally bursts with fresh flavor, THIS PLACE HAS CHINESE DONUTS!!!!!! Woot!  I was so excited!  I was really disappointed however to notice that they were all out by the time I went to get some.  However, when the owner stopped by and asked how everything was, I mentioned my sadness and he quickly threw together a batch and brought me a napkin full of them to take home.  How sweet is that?!  I absolutely love this place and I look for any and every excuse to come here.
4	It's not YC. It has a more homemade flavor and cooking to it. The meats and vegetables are fresh and easy to pick from. There not a miliion items of spice to chose from, what's available is plenty enough to flavor the food properly. Also because it's not too crowded, you don't have to feel rushed to pack your bowl. Take your time.After it comes out cooked, the food is hot and freshing. They even have your drinks ready for you at your designated table.I would come again for the flavors, once in a while.
4	This place is great if you like any type of Mongollon BBQ. The meats and selection are really good and they give you options to have chicken wings and cream cheese puffs. The price is really good as well.  For $10, all you can eat plus a drink is pretty nice.
4	I've really only been to one Mongolian BBQ place in my life, so I was stoked when I saw this place near my house.  It was a Sunday, rainy and gloomy outside, around 2 pm when we went.  There was only one or two other people in the restaurant.  The initial set up of the location was a little odd.  I was unsure where to sit or what they wanted us to do.  A lady rushed up to us, pointed to where we were to sit, and asked if we knew how to "do this."  I must have looked like an amateur or something...whatev.The meat selection was up first to put in your bowl.  It seemed fairly frozen which made it difficult to REALLY PACK DOWN and get the most bang for your buck.  Also, it seemed as if they had not stocked up the meat in a while because the supply was fairly low.They provide your typical assortment of veggies and additions for your stir-up, all of which I loaded in.  They had one line chef to cook up the food, so it took a while to finish it, but it gave me ample time to stock up on the sides like fried rice, eggrolls, soup, fried crunchy things, etc.  They seemed to have an odd selection of desert: the typical rubber jello you see at many Asian buffets and some poufy sugar buns, which my fiance said were tasty.Once all was said and done, the food ended up to be pretty damn tasty and very filling.  The bill was also cheap, totaling maybe $16.00 for two people.SIDE NOTE: Unlike the Mongolian BBQ at Metro Center, you are NOT allowed to bring home and of your leftovers.  This to me is stupid because I never go back for seconds and feel like I waste food if I cannot eat it all in one sitting.
4	In the world of Mongolian BBQ near my work, there are 2 contenders:  Stir Fry Paradise and AJ's Mongolian (formerly and possibly partially still YC's...).  I prefer Stir Fry Paradise because it has never been incredibly packed, and their meat resembles meat and not frozen tubes of meat shavings.  The small "bonus" buffet offers more food if you aren't crippled by all the food you crammed into your bowl.  I like the cream cheese wonton triangles, they rock the body that rocks the party.  Yeah, they are a little pricier if you tack on a soda.  Just drink  water and then tweet to the world how progressive and off the grid you are by not being a "soda drinker".  I haven't quite gotten my "sauce mix" down yet, but that will come in time.  That's the beauty of these places, if your food is bland then the only person you have to blame is yourself and your lack of sauce mixing artistry.
4	This place is awesome!  Friend told me about it so I went and the lady knew I was a first timer so she walked me thru everything and then even helped me put a special sauce combo together. Then ate that up, she handed me my seven dollar bill and said, "It all you can eat go right ahead." Never have those words sounded so good.They have watercress, pineapple and several other vegetable selections.  Tofu is an extra $1.50 but they throw in the whole carton.  of course regular meats(Pork, Chicken, Beef, Turkey).  Then they have three different kinds of noodles that go from thick to really tiny. and then plethora of sauces to choose from. Also they have fried items and fried rice down to the left back of the restaurant.I highly recommend giving it a try. I'm going back tomorrow!
5	I really LOVE Mongolian restaurants. You really can't get pissed off at anyone but yourself if your meal sucks! I love how clean the restaurant is, and how friendly the staff are! They have a great vegetable selection and a good meat selection as well. Aside from the Mongolian/stir fry part, they also offer rice, soup, and other miscellaneous items to enjoy as well. I haven't found a Mongolian restaurant that I have liked as much as this one, and trust me, I've looked! I do wish they offered shrimp and calamari, and maybe some baby corn, but really, that's just my personal taste. I think they should offer a menu of sauces for those first timers who have NO clue what they are doing, but as for me, I've got my recipe DOWN!
1	I've been to quite a few other mongolian bbq places (AJ's, YC's, etc) and this one is not even close to being the slightest bit decent.  They are more expensive, and the food is not fresh.  The noodles aren't the right ones to stirfry and the sauces aren't very tasty either.  The also have random food under a heat lamp that was probably sitting there from lunch time, and we were there at 7pm.  I would not recommend this place to anyone, drive the few extra miles to Aj's at Metro center.
4	Sometimes I think my love for Mongolian BBQ is TOO much. I could eat at places like Genghis Grill or YC's multiple times a week and never get sick of it. Hell, I won't go to chinese buffets if they don't offer Mongolian BBQ. It has to be one of my favorite foods. That is why when I moved to North Phoenix, it was a hard adjustment with there being none of the marquee Mongolian BBQ chains being up here. Then I found Stir Fry Paradise via Yelp.My girlfriend and I went to Stir Fry Paradise on a Saturday after lunch hour. When we went in the manager(or owner, not sure) greeted us and made sure we had been to a Mongolian BBQ place before so we would know what to do. While we were selecting our food, she even made sure to help us with a sauce selection and let us know what combos work best. After that, she ended up cooking our food as well. She was really outgoing and helpful.The food selection was pretty standard for a Mongolian BBQ place. Chicken, pork, beef, and turkey. You could pay extra for shrimp. They had a decent variety of veggies, but all I ever go for is pineapple. They offer three kinds of noodles for your meal and nine sauce varieties. In addition to the stir fry choices, they have a small sidebar of regular chinese buffet items. Normally when a place like this has this side offer, they are pretty bad and not edible. At Stir Fry Paradise, this is the opposite. My girlfriend and I both enjoyed a few items from the side bar. Overall, I would say check our Stir Fry Paradise if you're in the neighborhood and want some Mongolian BBQ. Good prices and great service make this a great local eatery.
5	This place is great very clean and they have great customer service. I have been coming to this place for the past two years. If you want healthy, inexpensive food Stir Fry is the place to go
4	First off, I must say that YC's is hands down, THEEE best Mongolian BBQ in the Valley.  With that said, I work on the West side of town and often wish their was a YC's over here to satisfy my stir fry craving at least once a week.  After searching Yelp, I came across Sir Fry Paradise and decided to give it a try.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty and I like the additional items they offered at the other buffet bar (sweet and sour pork, wontons, etc).  However, it would be helpful if they listed the recipes for the sauces at the end like YC's does, for those that don't know what sauces to put together.  I have been to YC's hundreds of times so I knew what to do, but my co-worker was a little lost.  Leftovers are not allowed so be prepared to eat what you put in your bowl!  Overall, it is delicious!  I have been back a few times and will continue to go to Stir Fry Paradise for lunch.
1	I agree YCs is the best around. I do not like stir fry paradise because, you can't take it home. Your wasting what you don't eat...dumb! Every time ive gone in there i feel like i am being watched like a hawk by employees. Always bad attitudes. Not a fan..
4	Walked in at 2:30 on a Wednesday afternoon and there were a few customers eating. Good sign. This place makes for a reasonably healthy, quick lunch. You may choose from thin rice noodles, egg noodles, and a thick noodle (buckwheat?). They have a plethora of veggie to choose from as well as an assortment of meats. They cook everything up for you after you pick and choose what will make your bowl. They also have a little buffet at the end that contains an assortment of sweets, cooked meats, and two different soups (one was veggie, one was not). Our lunch was $18 and change for two lunches and an iced tea. Not bad on the wallet and veggie friendly!
4	This is my favorite fast casual HEALTHY place for a non-gutt busting lunch or light dinner that is  somewhat close to the Arrowhead Mall area and it is NOT A CHAIN like the one on same street near by.I have been here many times and everything to pick from on the stir fry line has always been very fresh and clean as can be . Yesterday I picked chicken ,water chestnuts , cilantro , green onions , carrots , bean sprouts , broccoli & chewy noodles . I then sauced them with white wine , hoisin , sesame oil ,garlic , ginger ,and chili , next they cooked it up for me and I was on my way to enjoy it at the table . My meal came out Perfect! This doesn't taste like Chinese Take out because it is very light and never salty , never oily , never burnt and never old . I never take a second plate but you can eat as many stir Fry's as you like during your stay .You don't have to make your meal with any of the 3 styles of noodles because you can take steamed rice from the mini buffet that is included , other things I saw on the mini buffet were breaded fried chicken , cheese wantons , soups , fried noodles , jello and donuts . I am not a fan of the mini buffet but I do help myself to a donut now and then .My companion's meal was not sauced correctly so it didn't taste as good that is the only down side to dining here also they charge extra for picking tofu or shrimp as your protein .Lunch for two people with 2 drinks was approx $21 before tip ....................... the healthiest you can find in Arrowhead Mall Area......
3	What the fuck?  Did you say this place is All-You-Can-Eat?  Whenever I go to an All-You-Can-Eat place, I always try to get my money's worth.  This time...big mistake.What? Chicken? Get in my bowl biatch!  Beef? Get in my bowl biatch!Onions?  Do it now!Cilantro, green onions, cabbage, broccoli, mushrooms, pineapple, zucchini?...all right I'll try some healthy shit.  All these saaauwces!!!  Cause tonight, I'm the saauwce boss!  Whatchyou know about stir fry?4 plates later, I was in the most wicked food coma I've ever experienced.Advice...go easy on the sauce.
3	Healthy selections.  Wish they had more veggie options such as baby corn. I like how they thinly slice the meats as well.  My 6yr old doesn't care for stir fry so it was nice that they had other options like fried rice, egg rolls, and jello.  For all you can eat I was only able to eat one bowl.  So my advice is to make sure you're REALLY hungry if you want to enjoy more than one bowl.
5	Great buffet with just the right amount of selection for the stir fry section and finger foods. When I'm hungry all I want is a steaming plate of stir fry noodles and some of those crab puffs!
5	I love that they have all you can eat Mongolian barbecue here, so you don't feel the need to load everything you possibly can into a bowl.  Plus there is soup, fried or white rice and all sorts of other goodies at the end.  The service is awesome too!  Both the cooks and the waitress had a smile all the time.  Definitely recommend!
3	Went to this place for dinner with family.  Owner was there and was very helpful explaining the concept.  The food was very good but I wish they had more noodles to select from.  Overall enjoyed and will return.
