5	Tribe is an amazing store catering to triathletes, but also anyone that is a runner, cyclist, or swimmer... the staff are extremely helpful and it's an experience to just go in.  Whether you need a tune up for your bike, a new bathing suit, or a pair of spin shoes, Tribe has it all!  Kevin, the owner, is a character... he is extremely personable.  I know that he offers discounts for customers participating in events for non-profit such as Team in Training and there may also be a VIP club there. I think that if you buy a bike from Tribe, they will give you free tune ups but I don't know this first hand.I hear that their weekend bike rides are really fun too!  I love that the Phoenix triathlon community is growing... this is just one of the great places to shop for all of your tri gear!
5	I would definitely say Tribe is the best bike shop I have ever been to. Kevin, the owner, is got to be one of the nicest guys, and he really knows his stuff. Tribe offers a wide variety of bikes, Cervelo, QR, Jamis, etc... if your looking for something a little cheaper why don't you buy a used bike, and guess what Tribe has those too.I would say overall the best thing about this bike shop is not the merchandise (don't get me wrong they have a wide variety and really competitive prices) its the atmosphere, the staff is so inviting and I find myself going into the shop just to hangout. I would definitely recommend Tribe to anyone looking for multisport gear.
5	Is your significant other in need of something sporty for the holiday? Or do you want them to lose a few pounds discreetly?  I know that sounds terrible but hey instead of cakes and cookies why not motivate with something healthy and sporty.  I have gotten and given many gifts from this multi-sport mecca.  Great inexpensive gift ideas from here include gu's, shot blocks, water bottles, bicycle gloves, headbands, butt lube (for bike seating chaffing prevention:) and many more.  For the more generous crowd you can get new bikes, newton running shoes, compression socks (which are great for flights over the holidays to keep the muscles loose and blood flowing) and bike components ... or even a new wetsuit to try out in these winter months. I love their apparel as well and and extensive selection.  There is definitely something here to put on your holiday Christmas tree or Hanukkah bush for everyone.  See you on the road, the track in the ocean soon.Have a great holiday season,Z
4	These guys were great. I bought a used bike from them and am very happy with it. I spoke with Kevin about the bike before I bought, and he was very knowledgeable. So much so that I kind of felt like and idioit asking the questions I was.  I got over that though and am glad I did because I'm very happy with what I got.
5	Tribe is a great shop with a fantastic staff. The selection is pretty incredible, catering to beginner to serious cyclist and triathletes. They are great for service, repair, and warranty issues I have had. The core group has been there for a few years and seam to really enjoy their work which makes for nice people to interact with. Kevin the owner is over the top, never approach him unless you are caffeinated and ready, the man knows bikes. Andreas, Diana, and Alan are very low key know there stuff and will go out of there way to take care of you.  I have had less experience with the others but have nothing bad to say about them.Hands down, go there if you have bike business!
5	Tribe Multisport is a great shop! I highly recommend the store. These guys all train and race and know from first hand experience what works and won't. Check out the weekly Thursday night ride (always 7 pm) and you will definitely feel welcome first time out.
4	I'm from Portland, OR and was in Phoenix on business.  On my way to the airport, I stopped in.  I was greeted immediately as I entered the store and asked whether I needed help finding anything.  After browsing the store for a few minutes, a young man with a pack of Marlboros in his shirt pocket helped me find a pair of aero bars and a new seat.  He was very knowledgeable and patient with my questions.  He offered to install the equipment for free, which would have been great except that my bike was in Portland!!The store has a very good selection of bike, swim and running apparel.  Also a very complete offering of energy gels, powders, pills, etc as well as bike accessories.  There were several items I was looking to order online that I found in the store.I would consider this store a "must visit" if you are in the area.
2	I had great customer services up until the $75 tri-shorts I bought I discovered were too big for me. I tried to return them the very next day (desperately hoping for an exception) and they would not honor a return or exchange since I had taken the tags off. They have lost my business forever due to the return policy.Update: I did understand the return policy when I purchased the shorts. They were very upfront with me regarding the policy. This doesn't change my decision to go elsewhere to a place that is more helpful when a purchase does not work out. It is a great place to shop if you are 100% positive about the item(s) you need but as a newbie to Triathlons I suffered the consequences.
5	Just rode in there the other day, as my trail bike needed a tune-up, and Tribe came highly recommended. Without hesitation, one guy picks my bike up, sprays some lubricant on the chain, adjusts some screws, test rides it, and within 5-10 mins. I was back on and riding again like brand new. Damage? Free of charge (I fully expected to pay, believe me). These guys are friendly, obviously knowledgeable, fast, and more than fair. They know good PR, and have a great lineup of bikes, from what I saw. They get my future business for sure, as I'm looking to buy a good street bike in the near future. Thank you, Tribe staff!
5	We dropped our cruiser bikes off today for a tune up.  They were friendly and helpful and not at all condescending.  Talked us though what they would do in easy to understand terms and were just great guys, who love what they do and love their customers.  I felt really comfortable in this place and I am only a casual cyclist, so that was really important to me.  I felt as valued as the hard core enthusiasts that use the place too.  Thanks guys !
5	Best bike shop!Best run shop! Best swim shop!THE BEST TRI SHOP ON EARTH!Great place for a group ride, group run, coaching, training or just hanging out and talking shop. Mechanics are some of the best out there and the service will make you feel like you've known them your whole life. Other shops really miss the element of customer service, this place EXCELS at it.
5	I want to write the best review I can for Tribe and so I read through what others wrote and I have to agree on one word: home.  I moved to PHX a year ago.  Not long after getting here I took my aluminum Cervelo Soloist to the shop to see if they could fix it.  The following day a guy named Andres calls me to say, Cervelo will replace the frame set for free.  How excited was i?!  I then asked if I could pay for an upgrade to the S2 or S3.  The response from Cervelo was not what I was looking for, but Andres took it upon himself to see if he could work.  The next day Cervelo agreed to give me a 2008 carbon soloist as a replacement for my aluminum frame set.  I have been so excited to ride that bike ever since.  I then started to think this wasn't an ordinary shop.  In the weeks leading up to IM Florida a few of the guys in the shop were giving me (fun) grief about the triathlon frame set I was riding.  Each pointed out that I needed to change triathlon frame set.  And so a month ago I finally decided to pull the trigger, but couldn't decide between two great manufacturers.  I was leaning toward the ultra aero (and ultra $$), but all of the guys in the shop were pushing me to the middle/lower end frame set.  I couldn't decide.  So another day I brought some donut holes for Andres, Alan and Nicky the Mechanic.  While Nick was working on another high end road build up I peppered him with questions about pro's and cons of each bike.  I then went with their recommendation and can say this, they were right all along.  I am now much more smooth and comfortable on the tri bike and am eager to get it to IM Florida 2012!Sure, there are nice looking shops around town, but Tribe is more of a family and each and every mechanic knows how to work their magic.My suggestion: go be disappointed else where, then come to your new home.-Quirk
5	My husband and I have both registered for a tri later this year (he's doing an olympic distance, I'm doing a sprint), so we stopped in here to check out some gear.  I was so impressed with the staff and how helpful they were!  This is my first tri, so I have a lot of questions, and they were so patient explaining everything to me, going over different tri clothing options, etc.  I will definitely shop here again!!
5	Great People, Great Shop. They have some of the best people in the industry working hard to make it happen and they offer better than new service. They have great accessibility and good group rides. I highly recommend them. The selection is just awesome there too. Parking isn't all that bad either. Check 'em out!
5	I pulled my Phixie in to the shop today around four after realizing I needed to get either air in my tires or new tires. This really neat guy named Michael helped me out and not only came out and gave me some tips about better ways to keep my bike at peak performance- my tires were so low after riding up and down Camelback Rd. from Scottsdale to Phoenix that we were joking about how it must have been like sand- but came out and took care of it very promptly and offered me to refill it anytime I felt like stopping by. Service= 100% awesome.Their selection is very legit as well, they carry a huge selection of triathalon supplies that are top notch.
5	I bought a new Cervelo P2 in January.  On the way home from a tri, my bike flew off of the car at about 70 miles an hour.  The frame was cracked and most of the bike was trashed.  The crew at Tribe worked with Cervelo and did an excellent job at getting my bike put back together and is as good as new with as minimal cost as possible.  Alan refit the bike for me as it needed a few adjustments.  I learn something about riding everytime I am in the store.  It is worth the drive from Glendale!!!  PS, the dressing rooms are private and the bathrooms are clean!!
5	I received great service at Tribe Multisport today. I initially waited at their competitor's place across the street. I waited an hour and they never showed to open the store. My last time there this same competitor was not there during business hours either. Finally, another waiting customer suggested Tribe. Thank goodness. Great selection and service. (:
5	These good folks have been my work neighbors for quite sometime now and I took my wife Jenn there yesterday and bought a nice Focus bicycle from them and have a Retuel fit with them on Monday. It really is a pleasure to support a business that does business with us and the entire staff are just a delight. Jenn doesn't know a lot about cycling albeit that its something I do every day but Julie Allen (one of the co-owners with her husband Glenn) introduced herself and let Jenn know that she's always welcome, and even invited her to a Lady's Night there at the shop (There'll be food, speakers, prize drawings and the latest on all things bicycle related for the ladies). I don't mind plugging for this nice shop and their upcoming events...they're are simply great people to know on and off the bike and why wouldn't I support those who mean so much. I've seen it and heard that one shouldn't mix business with pleasure but in retrospect, I'd refer anyone to them or Bicycle Ranch, Loose Spokes (In Michigan) or Trek Bicycle Store of HIghland Park (Highland Park, IL) as I know the owners all very personally and these are some great bicycle shops to frequent! The great thing about these places is that they all ride their bikes and can connect on every level. I was delved in the industry for quite some time and took some time off. As I write this I'm hydrating for my morning ride and looking forward to tomorrow as tomorrow is on its way. Its kind of hard to sleep with this sort of excitement looming on the horizon! After scheduling my fit Glenn and I shared a few good laughs and his passion for the bike which is wonderful. We both are about the same age and feel great getting out there day after day. Jenn's excited seeing me out there more so than usual but we both agreed that this would definitely be a great kickstart into cycling some more. Its a true joy seeing the owners and their staff smile and to see them take care of their customers. The selection of bicycles is astounding and the selection of food, clothing and accessories is awesome. After all was said and done, Glenn said "Welcome back to cycling John." Its a goal of mine to get back out there racing again (I still carry my Category 2 license with the USCF) and I'm looking forward to some fun times ahead! Thanks Tribe MultiSport! You folks are awesome!
5	Full disclosure, nearly 30-years after being a member of my high school cross country and track teams I am working on getting back into running, but right now a 5K is about the extent of my distance; I haven't been on my bicycle in a couple of years and haven't ridden seriously in over 20; and I hate swimming, so I am about as far from being a triathlete as you can imagine.That being said, I love this store!Yes, most of the stuff is geared to people who are serious about triathlons, but they don't act like you're stupid if that's not what you do and its fun to look. Today's road bikes look nothing like I remember, but they certainly look fast!I ended up talking with Julie, who as I later realized, actually owns this place with her husband. She took the time to tell me about the weekly running and biking groups they sponsor and the fitness classes offered at the store. Also, since it turned out that we have kids who are about the same age, she showed me the brochures from the groups that sponsor kids race and triathlons. And she let me know that I'm not the only person who the swimming scares away from tri-ing (pun intended).Additionally, the store has an excellent selection of bikes, running gear, competitive swimwear, energy gels, drinks, and bars. So whether or not you're a serious triathlete, a beginner, or just someone who's looking to get more active, you should definitely join the Tribe!
1	I spent over $4,300 at Tribe on a bike and shoes. And like all big bike purchases, a free fit was included in the purchase. When my bike arrived, I scheduled an appointment with Allen. I had already heard from two other people that their bike fit experience at Tribe was poor, so I didn't have expectations for an outstanding experience. But I was completely surprised with how truly POOR the bike fit was!  My inseam not even measured. It was 20 minutes of "yeah that looks okay." When he asked me how I felt, I told him my shoulders felt uncomfortable and he said, "okay what would you like me to do?"  Allen's lack of interest, knowledge and professionalism was appalling. My husband, helped me at home that evening adjusting my position on the bike, and I will be taking my bike to another location - cyclologic-  next week for a proper fit. I will also take my bike somewhere else for service. My previous bike purchase was a road bike at Bicycle Rance with a free fit also included in the bike purchase. Chris measured my arms, legs, checked my flexibility had me ride on the trainer....it was a very thorough experience. A 2 hour fit.  And I have never had any aches or pains on the bike.  IT was fit very well to me. As a result, I recommended a friend buy a bike there last month and her fit experience was just as excellent!  I decided, that I would call the owner of Tribe, Julie,  to let her know about my experience.  I know as a small business owner myself, that for every one vocalized complaint their are 20 silent dissatisfied customers out there. And I didn't want to complain on YELP.  She was apologetic and asked if Glen - her husband could call me back. Instead, later in the day I got a phone call from an employee, who told me that this was the first "fit" complaint they had ever had and that the free fit was just a "visual fit". If I wanted to pay an additional $200 Tribe would be happy to do a "2 hour" fit! REALLY? I'll spend my money elsewhere. Disappointed.
5	I train and race triathlon locally, and whenever I need anything I go to Tribe. I've purchased two bikes and tons of gear from them and couldn't be happier. All the employees are always helpful and great to be around. Not only is Tribe a great shop, but they also host awesome events, clinics, and group rides/ runs. So if you are in the market for anything swimming, cycling, or running related go to Tribe! You'll be glad you did!
4	How had I never been to Tribe Multisport before?! I'm really into cycling and am looking into triathlon training now. I went into Tribe to get tri-shorts for my upcoming duathlon and they had so many tri-shorts, cycling shorts, and matching tops to choose from! This place has a lot of selection and sizes. The guy was really friendly when I walked in and showed me where to look. Upon checking out, a different guy at the register was really nice too and told me about their cycling club and how to get discounts, etc. I will definitely be coming back here!
5	What a great shop!! Visited Tribe Multisport for the first time this week during a visit to Arizona from Colorado. Had a great experience at the Rocky Point Tri in Rocky Point,Mexico with the Tribe Multisport techs helping out. They made sure my bike was already to go after traveling via plane and car all day. Thanks! Stopped in the shop on my way back to Colorado to enquire about renting a bike the next tri I do in the area. Alan Brown was most helpful and let me know all of my rental options. Thanks everyone at Tribe Multisport. I look forward to seeing you again at Rocky Point in 2015!
5	These guys are the best! Glenn and the crew go to great lengths to make sure my bikes are always ready to rock.
5	I recently got into doing triathlons. Finding a good tri store I thought would be hard, but the staff at tribe has been helpful every time I come in. They are loaded with all the workout goodies, which I love... Though my wallet may not.If you are looking for any gear for swim, bike, or run this is a good spot!
5	Amazingly thorough bike fitting from Alan. Very impressed and really appreciate all the detail he put into the fit! Ive been having a lot of issues and now im incredibly comfortable on my bike and riding more aero! Thanks Alan!
5	Glenn and the crew are all very knowledgeable and helpful. Walking into Tribe is like walking into a candy store actually. What I like about Glenn is that he won't try to sell you something you don't need. He is a real straight shooter and has earned my business.
5	I don't go in often, but always get treated very well.  Recommend.
