1	well where should i begin,  this lady runhs a spa in LA and recently ran an add on living social for las vegas...the ad stated microderm, pumpkin enzyme facial and 24 karat gold peel for $49 a $325 value.  Well after calling them for 4 days and not getting any response a lady called me back to schedule an appointment.  She asked me if I was part of the groupon or living social deal and I sadi yes the living social deal and she said "ok thats a 30 minute appointment"  i thought about it and came up with the conclusion that there was no way she could preform all those services throughly in 30 minutes...microderms alone are almost an hour.  So i emailed the spa through the web site and this was her reply...verbatim"This is a CLINICAL treatment.........not your fluff facial.This treatment is not a facial! First off...........................each procedure is VERY time specific, meaning it does not take that long, HOWEVER.................the results are superior.So you see there is a WAY in hell that ALL that can be done and will not b e a half ass treatment nor is the treatment  shortened due to the response.The microdrem you are used to is not what you will be getting........it uses ultra sound  A medical system.................the peel can ONLY stay on for six min...........and the gold treatment is applied   and driven inti the tissue using a laser,Soooooooooo   with all that being said , i invite you to email living social and get your money refunded as a negative attitude will get in your way, of this treatment................ad im sure in life! "now i dont know about you guys, but thats no way i would ever talk to a potential client, EVER.  Especially in a town where im trying to establish a business/clients.
1	If I could give them a Zero star I would. I bought a facial as a gift and they never answered their phone AND never returned phone calls. Then the message box was full so you couldn't get a hold of anyone!!! Worst company!!
1	i'd like to give it 0 stars! my husband & i bought 2 groupons for lots of great skin treatments at a discounted price in 11/10... i first called in april, 2011 to set up our appointments... got a voice mail saying to give them 24 hrs to call you back... then called again a week later, then again months later. never got any call back and the voice mail was always full so i couldn't leave any more message (but did leave 2 in april). we took a chance and drove to the location this month (august) to find an empty building w/ a "for rent" sign posted. this is absolutely a TERRIBLE way to run a business. i am a massage therapist and i would never treat potential clients like this. we will certainly be contacting groupon for a full refund!!!!!!!! and this experience alone makes me wiry of buying anything else from them which requires an appointment.
1	Bad Bad Bad lady, read her reviews in L.A.Clearly any of the good ones are from her friends and family..She ripped us off..F-U Renee...Karma is a Bitch just like U
