5	I am a fan of Godiva chocolates. This is a nice laid back store at Town Square. Great location for a quick stop to buy a gift since they have metered parking right in front of the store. Chocolate covered strawberries, truffles and nice gift baskets. Don't forget your free monthly chocolate when you sign up on their website.
5	Godiva sells great chocolates and provides seasonal truffles as well.  Nice texture, great shine, and they serve everything from 70% to white chocolate.  If you want to pamper yourself like I do with a box of premium truffles to sit with in bed, come here.  They have chocolate drinks as well that are AWESOME.
4	Make sure that you sign up for the Godiva frequent shopper card, it scores you one free chocolate a month. Sadly this does not include the super juicy, delicious chocolate covered strawberries. Those run $4-5 and are scrumptious. The pre-packaged chocolates make nice gifts, and the frozen chocolate drinks are rich and refreshing. I really like the raspberry one. The store is small and can get crowded on weekends... And some employees are much friendlier then others.
5	I think Godiva makes the best truffle in the world. The Hazelnut Praline Truffle. That's why I come here all the time. The store at Town Square is really one of the best specialty stores I've ever been to. Great service, quiet, never a long line and of course that impeccable truffle. I was here at 9.45pm tonight to get a box of truffles for my cousin. $36. Yes...pricey but worth it. As I was looking through the various boxes, the salesgirl (Melissa), comes over and gives me this coupon. It's a "scratch-off" coupon that is given to anyone that purchases something and apparently someone earlier had scratched it off and decided not to use it. The coupon was a buy one box get another free. That's $36 for two boxes of truffles. I thought the gesture was truly admirable. She saw we were looking at something and went out of her way to make our experience better. Melissa, the other sales people at this Godiva and that Hazelnut Praline Truffle makes this the perfect little store.
5	I love me some Godiva!! So of course it was Christmas and any excuse to get into that store would work but I actually had something I was looking for. The customer service was amazing and the smell of the chocolate is divine.Cant wait to come back!!
5	Join their chocolate club...1 free chocolate truffle a month.  It's a great excuse to go in!  We both the salted cashew, caramel and dark chocolate bars.  WOW!  They are almost too good!  Lol!  I want to give a shout out to the woman who helped my mom and me.  Her name was Megan.  She was outstandingly helpful!  It's always nice to have good, helpful customer service!
5	Who doesn't like rich chocolate made to look like little pieces of art? I do, I do!I love everything Godiva. Including the huge chocolate covered strawberries. Endulge a little!The pretty boxes make nice keepsakes. ; )
2	This place have very good chocolate but its like 8bucks for 3 truffles better off getting a herseys bar for 50 cents at walmart.
5	I absolutely love Godiva Chocolate. The chocolate covered strawberries are delicious. They also have the most awesome dark chocolate. I go at least once a week. Luckily I work out a lot or I would weigh 500 pounds!! Ha Ha
5	You really can't go wrong with CHOCOLATE! Amazing place to grab truffles and little chocolate treats. They have amazing creme brulee pieces! Also they sell shakes, chocolate covered strawberries, and gifts to go! I have the rewards card and get a free piece every month. Also if you spend a certain amount each month you can get free stuff! So sign up already and enjoy your free piece of chocolate delight!
5	My bf always got me two chocolate cover with Hugh strawberry n coffee for the bad day....he always know how to make me smile ;)
2	I love this Godiva except for one of the workers. Other than him it's great!
5	If you haven't been to the Godiva store at Town Square, I highly suggest you do. The salespeople are always friendly and courteous, even when you take awhile browsing their wares. There are usually free samples for you to try as well as sales to entice you to buy more than what you normally came in for (or at least it entices me!).Godiva has a free club membership that allows you to get one free truffle every month. It is the reason why I stop by the store at least once a month.Yes, Godiva chocolates are a bit pricy, but it is a delicacy I indulge in. There are not only a variety of chocolates, but drinks that taste great on a hot day.
4	The Godiva Boutique in Riverside closed down so we visited this one while on vacation.  The staff member was very friendly and engaged our son with a free sample of his own.  The selection was decent and the same as any other location.  They do need to update some of the samples on display or just get rid of them completely since the chocolates were falling apart in some of the open display boxes.  If the online site offers free shipping and an online discount, I probably would not go out of my way to drive to a boutique, unless I really wanted the monthly rewards member piece of chocolate.  This is one of the finer chocolatiers and the packaging is nice for giftgiving.  Prices are a bit high for me to frequent this brand for my chocolate cravings.  Toblerone and Lindt do the job quite well without all the hype and extra cost.  The extra star is for the friendly staff member.
3	I was craving chocolate covered strawberries. I went with the skewer of banana and strawberry slices. I should have gone with the mini-cone of individual chocolate covered strawberries. The chocolate was great. Keep in mind, you can become a part of the Godiva chocolate club and get a free truffle every month. I also picked out a few truffles. I wasn't too impressed, but overall it was good chocolate.
4	Delicious chocolates and treats here. The management well they aren't as sweet as you'd like. They just have a bitter persona and a weird vibe. I come to town square a ridiculous amount of times a month because of the amazing stores here and I have a kays bill to pay haha. I come here every time regardless of the visit. I do love the free piece you get on a monthly basis but when you're a cash paying customer managers should understand without business they don't have a roof over their head. Just a little advice for management and workers, just a little smile won't kill ya!!
4	Had dinner last night at California pizza. But decide to skip the dessert and walked just around the corner and had the best Soft serve ice cream in town. Also try the water melon and Aztec chocolate truffles, delicious. Hoping they expand a little and add seating and coffee.
5	I was walking by the store when I noticed a sign outside their door showcasing their limited edition mooncake chocolates. The general manager of the store was kind and patient. He answered all the questions I had about the chocolates. They gave me a discount for buying in bulk (8 boxes for $37 each instead of $50 each). On top of that, there was a special sale going on that day for the mooncakes. The flavors are unique. Most are infused with black tea. Filings include green tea, lychee, and other Asian favorites. The moon festival is September 7 this year, so go try them while they are still available. You can get just once piece of chocolate if you don't want the entire box. They're delicious and make great gifts. They come with a beautiful red gift bag.
4	Who doesn't love decadent chocolates that are all like a piece of art. The store is absolutely beautiful & when you walk in you can smell all the high quality ingredients. I love buying these as gifts because everyone appreciates great chocolate. I also can't help but to indulge myself once in awhile because we all deserve it. Also if you're a fan of chocolate dipped strawberries this place has you covered! Thank you for the free samples as well & I look forward to my next visit!
