5	Dr. Harvey Block is a gentleman and a scholar!I first came to know these guys after encountering the office manager Linda at my place of work. After talking to her for a few minutes and finding out where she worked I started to tell her of my recent woes with ANOTHER dentist... a botched filling, an infection, a great deal of pain and the need for a root canal. Linda gave me the office's card and insisted that they would see me ASAP if I so desired. I did and it was a great decision, because relief soon followed.  I have never had an appointment with these guys that I have not found to be an enjoyable experience. OK...I know that's saying a lot, due to the amount of poking and prodding and rather invasive metal hooks and drills that we all associate with a dentists office, but I'm serious. Everyone in this office from the front desk, the hygienists and the good Doctor himself, are all experts at what they do. The wait times are minimal. Usually, less than ten minutes. It's very rare that a doctor's office will respect the time of their patients in this fashion. There is always a courtesy call to remind you of your appointment a day or two in advance. The work is top notch + the location next to the Co-op is as geographically desirable and  as you can get.I could go on and on, but instead I'm just going to close by saying, if you are looking for a dentist, you may have just stumbled upon the best one in the Burgh.Thanks Doc!
5	After having my metal fillings removed by another dentist who didn't bother to take the precautions that, I now know, should be taken whenever that procedure is done, my husband and I resolved to find someone whose world view more closely resembled our own. Someone who espouses a more naturalistic approach in dentistry, and who considers the entire individual when they prescribe and treat. We found that dentist in Dr. Block. He's truly invested in the well being of his patients and offers wonderful, all natural mouth and tooth care products. His staff is great too. I have, admittedly, good teeth, so visits to the dentist don't bother me, but I've never experienced pain or discomfort here, and he hires great dental hygienists. Plus, he's a super nice guy. If you're looking for a dentist in the 'burgh, go here.
5	I hate going to the dentist.  I dread it, it's awful.  It's really important and is vital to your long term well being, however, and I do my best to suck it up.  Harvey is the best dentist that I have been to.  He's a holistic practitioner.  He's done a deep cleaning (worst thing that I could ever imagine), has removed and replaced my lead ("silver") fillings.  This was important to me and he did them with vacuums so that no trace amounts would be ingested on my part.  He introduced me to a terrific mouth wash that has really made a difference in the health of my gums.  You can tell he really cares about me and my health and I really appreciate how thorough and conscientious he is.
