5	I have been waiting for them to open up a Potato Corner in Vegas & they finally did! This little food stand is native to the Philippines and every time I visit the mother land, this is a place that I MUST go. Now that it's here in Vegas, I can just hop in my car and drive to Meadows Mall instead of flying in an airplane to the Philippines. Anyway, this place is definitely a MUST TRY for French fry lovers because you can season your fries with garlic Parmesan, cheese, BBQ, or even sour cream & onion! They even have chicken tenders, sweet potato fries, "loopy" fries, and baked potato! The service is great and they're super nice! Not to mention their fries are pretty bomb diggity! Don't know about the baked potato or the chicken tenders yet since I haven't tried em but the fries.. Man, mmm mmm good!!! So next time you shop at Meadows, don't forget to stop by here! They're located in front of the Disney Store and behind Coffee Bean :)
5	What a gem finding this. Didn't think I'd have it again since I moved from Manila a decade ago. You basically order what size you want,  what type of potato then what type of seasoning!You must try it! The fries are made to order so it's a bit of a wait but I don't mind. Fries comes out so crispy and fresh. They're generous on the seasoning and portion too! The smallest size is actually pretty big. I suggest mixing BBQ & Sour Cream, it's the ultimate best. Trust me.
5	This place brings me back to the time when I was 4 years old, in kindergarten wearing my Catholic school uniform back in Manila. Instead of walking 5 minutes to get home after school, I'd go to the school cafeteria and munch on some French fries until my school bus and nanny picks me up. Back then, flavors were limited: sour cream and onion, cheddar or BBQ...and you can only get French fries in either small or large.A few years later, they opened up stalls in malls in L.A. and now, they made their way to Vegas and I couldn't be happier. This one is located inside Meadows Mall, in front of the Disney Store.They have original French fries, loopy fries, sweet potato fries, tater tots, chips, chili cheese fries and baked potato. Flavors include cheddar, BBQ, sour cream and onion, chili BBQ, cinnamon and sugar, and garlic parmesan. Three sizes: jumbo, mega and giga. Drinks: soda, water, lemonade, strawberry lemonade and iced tea. So many choices now, it's crazy!I normally get cheddar fries - original or loopy. That was my childhood favorite and still remains my favorite. I tried the garlic parmesan original fries and they were pretty good. A lot of people might find this salty but hey, that's what drinks are for!
3	Sorry guys I can't give this place the 5 stars that everyone is giving. I just can't.  Ok don't get me wrong, this place is good. Everything is made to order so your food is hot and fresh. I've tried all the flavors already and my favorite has to be the BBQ and cheddar mixed together. The employees are nice and I get my mall employee discount. The reason for the 3 stars is the pricing. I got a kids meal with 2 small pieces of chicken and fries for $6. Like I said, it's good, but not the $6 good. And after a while of eating the same flavor, it gets old so I don't even finish everything. I don't frequent potato corner even though I'm next to it, but I'll be back if I'm hungover again.
5	The only reason why I go to the "Ghettows Mall" is because of THIS.I'm so glad it's finally made its way to Vegas. (They just recently opened up a new location at Town Square.)Those who know me knows my weakness are potatoes. French fries, baked potatoes, roasted potatoes, mashed potatoes....I love them all. I just can't resist. So this place is almost like  heaven for me.You can get french fries, sweet potato fries, potato chips, curly fries or tator tots. What makes Potato Corner stand out from your normal fries you typically get is their seasoning!!!!! My goodness!!! They got flavors like sour cream and onion, cheese, Parmesan and garlic, BBQ, BBQ chili and a few more.Their size names kinda throws you off: jumbo for a small, mega for a medium and giga for a large. At about $4 and some change, I get a mega tator tots with BBQ chili seasoning. Def satisfies any potato cravings I have! If you come on the weekends, be prepare to have a looooooonggggg wait. They make your order fresh. Sometimes, I see a line of about 10 people long. And that's just the order line. Then you got some more waiting to do while they make your order. But the best time to go to the mall is on a weekday anyways.
4	Used to snack on these bad boys back in the Philippines so glad they finally opened one here. Though there's only a couple of locations but it's stil worth it. BBQ flavored fries are my favorite. But sour cream & onion is also good as well. Hopefully they'll open more stalls in the future!
5	I've missed you Potato Corner.  We used to have one of you at Tanforan mall, but now no more.  Luckily I hit you up in Vegas.Giga Size, Sour Cream & Onion, Curly Fries.AWWWWWW YEAHhhhhhhhh.
3	Potatoes have to be one of my favorite foods in the whole world! In any shape or form they are absolutely delicious! Potato Corner has quite a few shapes of French fries to choose from! On top of that they even have baked potatoes! So far I haven't been a fan of any of the powdered flavors I've tried so I get them plain! So fresh and hot every single time! Will go here every once in awhile for a treat! :)
5	I remember eating these fries when I visited the Philippines. I'm so happy they finally opened a couple in Las Vegas. Never disappointed here. The cheddar fries are my favorite.
5	When I visited the Philippines I always snacked on these. You couldn't get it anywhere else. Now they finally have one at home in vegas!
