1	I was soo excited to try this place!  My boyfriend lives in the North Side and we're always looking for good eats there.  I would up its rating to a 2-stars if only the food were marginally better.  The atmosphere is great.  It has a fine-dining quality to the decor and my boyfriend said there were some really neat "coffee bean" handles on the bathroom doors which was a nice addition.  The restaurant is made up of two rooms: one with probably around 20 tables and the other with about 10 tables and a bar.  They have a TV to watch sports in the room with the bar.  There was only one other group of diners in the 20-table room when we arrived and a few folks at the bar.  The group left within about fifteen minutes of being there and my boyfriend and I had the entire room to ourselves, which was both nice...and a little sad.  I ordered a vegetable slaw with poppyseed dressing for my appetizer and the mussels for my dinner.  My boyfriend ordered a trout spread with apples and bread for his appetizer and the crusted grouper for his entree.  The only semi-edible dish of the four described was the vegetable slaw, though it was even overly doused in the dressing and the flavors didn't really mesh.  My mussels tasted as if they were rotten...I could barely get the bad fish taste out of my mouth throughout the rest of the night.  My boyfriend's trout appetizer was really strange: the apples didn't really go with the spread and the spread itself was more of a pate than what was described.  I couldn't eat more than a bite of it.  His grouper was raw throughout most of it.  We told our waiter our issues with the entrees and a few minutes later the owner came over to apologize.  She was very nice though kept saying their food was really good, that it was "her food" so it was definitely good (as if it was our fault that we happened to have the "bad seeds" and as if she had credibility in our minds despite us not knowing her at all).  She offered to get us new dishes.  I decided to go with the kale-olive dumplings (a weird combination but I love all three of those components) and my boyfriend got the shrimp linguini pasta.  As I should have expected, the dumplings just didn't make sense...my taste palate was very confused by the combination.  Even worse, there was an OLIVE PIT in one of them.  Thankfully I caught that before a potential disaster.  My boyfriend's dish was very mediocre and he was too scared to try the shrimp given the grouper experience.  I told the owner about the olive pit and she said they buy their olives pre-pitted so that didn't really make sense (again, making me feel like it was "my fault").  I think she would have been better off just apologizing and perhaps getting us a free drink.  At least we would have been tipsy and happy!As you would expect, I have no intention of going back to Cassis.  It's unfortunate when you end up writing a bad review for a locally-owned place.  I always want these sorts of restaurants to succeed.  I think it is suffice to say that if something doesn't change in the kitchen, this place doesn't really have a chance.
2	Nothing special. Decor makes you expect more from the food.Looked like a charming place from the outside and the inside was inviting. The food was a letdown.Had the mussel app and for $10 it came with 12 PEI mussels in a decent broth. But they tasted bad like the previous review indicated. Eeeh.The baked brie was nothing particularly inspired. The salads were ok.Sandwiches came with a gratin of very thinly sliced potatoes with a cheese (asiago?). But it was not baked long enough and tasted somewhat raw. My daughters's wine braised beef sandwich was a mediocre and she didn't finish it, which is unusual for her.The shaved turkey with cranberry chutney and smoked gouda sandwich was, however, extremely good. Three of use loved ours.I sent the coffee back as it tasted like instant and was, IMHO, undrinkable. The desserts were good, but small for the price. The pound cake with creme-de-cassis would have better with a good cup of coffee, but still was enjoyable.All in all we spent $110 for 4 sandwiches, 4 small salads, 2 appetizers, and 3 desserts with water. And while Creme-de-cassis is one of my favorites, I think you can easily find a better meal nearby.
4	I've been to this place a couple times and enjoy it.  The food is always fresh and well prepared when I'm there and the prices are reasonable for what you're getting! I was so shocked to read the reviews below, maybe you went on a bad night when they were just opening? So bizarre as my food is always great. I LOVE THE BACON AND PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH.  ALSO awesome awesome dessertsI also enjoy the environment and the service is usually good.
5	Mmmm Cassis! Great food, really fresh.Some of the servers that have been there for a while can be a little eh, but they've since hired some new meat and they are great! Super attractive too!This place has a pretty decent selection and I've always enjoyed myself!
