5	Note:  West Harris Cleaners offers cleaning service from a kiosk at my office park.This is my default cleaner... very competitive prices and best quality cleaning I've had in my years here in Charlotte.  I bring all my stuff here and my girlfriend's dry-cleaning as well.  Same day service is stellar and owners are very friendly.  There may be a few cheaper places out there if you search, but their quality is horrible (always busting my buttons) and service is not as prompt/quick as WHC.  I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Excellent service and friendly family owned business. Convenient location right off the highway.  These guys have several years of experience in this industry and it shows in the quality and fair prices.  I've tried other cleaners in the area that are cheaper but since dry cleaning is a service and not a product, the small difference in price makes a huge difference when it comes to quality.
5	I've tried numerous cleaners, but this one alone deserves a full five stars. The prices are very competitive, but most important of all is that I can always count on them to get out stains that other cleaners can't get out. I spilled some white zinfandel wine on a family heirloom light beige woolen throw that had recently been "cleaned" by another dry cleaner. Not only did they completely remove the stain, but they also removed the stains that were left by the other dry cleaner. The manager explained that there are literally hundreds of cleaning solvents available and that many dry cleaners do not take the time to educate themselves on all of the various solvents, let alone spend the money on them.  I'm a believer!
5	For business reasons, I often frequent Charlotte and stay in the Lake Norman area.  I have had some decent experiences with cleaners in the past and many awful situations (i.e. my "dry clean only" $700 comforter being thrown in the washer and thus ruined).  I had a couple of items I dropped off here due to an emergency spill (coffee), and these guys had it ready for me the next day looking like perfection.  I now make it a habit to drop off all my cleaning here and schedule for pickup when I'm headed back home down Hwy 77 (They're right off the hwy).  As a control freak, I depend on people who deliver on time and as flawlessly as possible.  Convenience is everything to me.  West Harris Cleaners is always on point.  If you invest a good bit of your paycheck on your linens and garments, make sure you take it to a place like this with people who know what they're doing.
5	I took curtain panels to West Harris Cleaners and I am extremely happy with their service and prices.  My panels were perfect and the Gentleman helped me carry them to my car.  I am in a heavy foot boot.  I will bring all my dry cleaning to West Harris Cleaners and will recommend to all my friends and family.
