1	I wish I could give these guys negative stars. They are the WORST health insurance company I have ever had.  Same as the previous reviewer noted, they never give a straight answer, they talk around in circles to confuse you, give you different answers every time you call and never let you speak to a supervisor.  You will NEVER know how much it will cost you out of pocket to see a doctor with these guys.  Unfortunately, I'm stuck with them because they're the only plan my employer offers, but have more than once seriously considered firing them and just buying my own plan elsewhere.
1	Has anyone ever tried to call BC/BS of AZ at their Customer Service number of 800-752-0193.  They make it nearly impossible to talk to a real person-it is not givento you as an option up front.  I held for 10 minutes the first time and a  rep. Mary came on.  I gave her my name and heard a click...she hung up on me.  Called back, this time waiting 15 minutes and finally reached someone to ask a simple question about my policy.  Their phone system never informs the customer how long their wait will be. The music is irritating..the kind you would chose to dissuade people from holding.  Unless, one has worked in customer service and repeatedly asks for customer service over the recording..its a hard process to talk to anyone.  Customers who pay them thousands in premiums each year should have easier access to their insurance company.
1	Signed up with their Medicare Advantage Plan and I can't register on-line (they must have error in their system), tried calling and calling the # on my insurance card and keep getting busy signal - not a recording, but an actual busy signal.  Find a different # on their website and after listening for 5 mins. about how to sign up for this wonderful insurance company where my "call is important to them", and finally getting to customer service, I get placed on hold.  The recording does not tell you how long it will be before your call is answered, only that there are delays, due to "high call volume".  Finally hung up - will it be 15 min. or 5 hours?  My last resort is to check Facebook and wrote complaint - received response, "please email us your telephone number or the best way to reach you and somebody will call you asap. Thanks."  I am assuming they mean "message" them through Facebook.  How professional is it that I CAN ONLY CONTACT MY HEALTHCARE PROVIDER VIA FACEBOOK!?!  Is this company run by a bunch of 14 yr. olds!?!This is after my attempt to register with their Silver and Fit program only to have that website crash. NOTE:  ALL HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE LIKE THIS.  I'm 54 yrs. and they just keep getting worse.  They make it very difficult to get care so you just give up and don't use it unless you are really sick.  Is it too much to ask that they take some of the money used to bribe politicians and actually hired a few people to answer the damn phone?I can probably take another year off my life after yet another health insurance experience!
