3	The chicken broccoli lunch special really hit the spot. There were plenty of vegetables (just what I was looking for!) and it came with your choice of 2 side orders ($5.75 after tax). I was glad they had brown rice, but there were no other healthy side order choices. I opted for the shrimp egg roll, which tasted kinda bleachy on the inside. Stay away! Should've gotten 2 orders of brown rice because they don't give you much rice.They carry some Thai food as well as Teppenyaki (how odd...), and for dinner they have small orders that come with rice - just $5. I wish they had soups on the menu, mapo tofu, or bbq pork (some of my favorite dishes). I'd come back anyway, plus the owner is Malaysian and very nice. Best part? They take AMEX!
1	Ordered wonton soup, beef and broccoli with brown rice, and an egg roll. All three dishes we inedible due to the sodium content. Disgraceful, and at $18, a complete waste of my money. This place clearly does not take pride in their cooking.
4	I'm usually next door at the Wings place, but today I wanted something a little different. Good choice.Great selection of quickly made entrees. I do not think that they pop stuff out of a microwave here at all - it's made right to order. Friendly service and so darned fast! You can see right into the small kitchen where it's all prepared.I had the chicken curry with brown rice. Great flavor with nice, crisp veggies and plenty of them. Lots of chicken too! Clean plate! A great deal for a fresh meal for under $7 with tip.TV's on opposite sides of the restaurant. Parking is a bit of a challenge. Try the lot across the street next to Moe's and the YMCA.
4	love that they have great vegetables with brown rice since I dont eat meat.
4	I came to Charlotte looking for some good fried rice. Well I think the house special fried rice(with extra spice added on demand) which came with shrimp, pork, and chicken was absolutely amazing. I got more than I paid for and thats a bargain.
4	We have been Pan China diners since they opened and the food has always been great but lately I have to say stay away from the egg rolls! A good egg roll is a wonderful thing but it seems they are using some frozen cardboardy things with very little filling. We've gotten to the point of picking up entrees here and our egg rolls at....wait for it....Jack-in-the-Box!
2	I tried the General Tso's tofu and it was just weird.  The tofu pieces were very small and very soggy because they seemed to be barely cooked.  To me the sauce did not taste like General Tso's either.  I try this dish at just about every Chinese restaurant I visit, and this was by far the worst.  I did however like the vegetable spring rolls, however they were pretty greasy.
1	I visited this place twice and both times the woman at the register was rude. The food isn't that great and the chicken is cut in very small pieces.
