4	These guys are great.  I have a 2006 VFR800 that I bought from Apache Honda 2 months ago.  The first week I had the bike things didn't seem right, so back and forth I went with them.  I finally had enough and took the bike to Alex to do a once over and tell me what else they forgot to check before selling me the bike.  They got me in the same day.  Did a thorough job and walked me through everything that Apache Honda had missed or done wrong.  They were able to get me in and get things fixed at a great price.  After having it serviced at Alex it ran so much better it was awesome.The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because of the customer service area.  The area is clean, but the carpet is oil stained, etc. from the bikes (They store them inside at night).   For me this was not an issue, but for some it would be.  I highly recommend Alex for any motorcycle service.
1	Okay.  I have a 74 Honda CB350.  Pretty simple to work on..but I don't have the tool or the know how.  I take it to him because he is local and very close by to where I live (i.e. free tow).  When I bought the old bike in for a tune up he found ALL kinds of things "wrong" with it.  He charged a TON of money..but thing is..he took FOREVER.  Plus..from the first time I brought it home..there were still problems.  I had to bring it back there SIX times.  SIX!  over a 3 month period.  It would seem to work for a week then no.  Tow.  Another week..not..tow.  Plus..he sort of J-rigs things.  I bought a new part that he asked me to get.  It was an original rectifier.  His wiring I guess made it not work..AND he destroyed it in the process and used one from his scrap yard.  The last time I went (and I swore I wouldn't) I just needed a spark plug cable replaced.  He didn't use a new cable but spliced an old one  AND for some reason found that I needed a new ignition coil (though bike was working fine before some jerk cut my cable).  He fixed it in two days...I drove off..nope..no horsepower.  He kept it another 9 days!  Drove off..no horsepower.  Said it was ready when he didn't even test it.  I turn right around.  He's all "I don't know, I don't know" and sorta making me feel like it somehow is my fault.  I asked..is there gas in it (I came there with 3/4 of a tank).  OH OH no gas! Yeah, because you drained the gas to do whatever you were doing.  His helper starts filling it up and I'm like..it need s bit more.  He says "Not with gas prices these days".  Um..I brought it here almost full.  Anyway...I like to give locals business but now there's some mysterious rattle, I dropped way more money than expected again, and it took forever as it's my main transport.  Never..ever..again.
1	here is the deal,  do not ever waste your time or money with alex. we took a 1987honda elite 150 that ran,! he said we needed a new engine but afterward, we would have 'no problems' $750 later we drove away and made it less than a mile before it broke down. took it back, waited two days, got the scooter back and it ran for a day. he burned up the battery and we had to buy a new one which is useless now cause we have no scooter. alex is a pure piece of shit. his trashy woman is crap herself. i will never stop trying to put these scammers out of business. never even think of going to alex repair shop. peace
