1	Terrible prices don't waste the drive, and when you comment on there Facebook page they delete it  instead of answering me they deleted it. All they did was mess it up for people who grow by there, now there forced to pay high prices just like the pharmaceutical companys make $. Thanks for  helping us in pain and your high prices, 250 an ounce is a max get it together PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS AS THEY ARE RUINING IT FOR US IN NEED!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Wonderful place. I was worried about going to a second dispensary after visiting the one that is more like a night club. Then I looked at the Arizona Organix website and saw how clean and professional their office and waiting room was.   At first I was thrown off by parking behind the building, then was quickly put at ease when I saw that they had security(he walked me to the door & even opened it for me). I loved my visit. It was clean, not a lounge like atmosphere. It felt like a dispensary should be. Professional, and after being in that dirty lounge dispensary I can't say it enough, CLEAN. The staff was friendly, polite, and knowledgeable.    The flower was great, they had a nice selection. I was so pleased that I bought a sugar cookie and it was great too. I look forward to going to my dispensary now. Oh, and I notice that someone put that their prices are too high, the lounge place I went to had a $10.00 cover, Arizona Organix does not. They also had some of the best prices after I looked around at other dispensary websites.   I would also like to mention that I love their point system. The more you buy from them, the more points you acquire. You can use those points for all types of things like Arizona Organix clothing, pipes, edibles, and more. Now that is pretty cool:)
5	A comfortable, very well run, attractive place to obtain your medication. Knowledgeable staff has been very helpful.  I really appreciate the security escort.
1	Arizona Organix is anti legalization and anti pt. grow rights!AZ. Republic article  09-19-2013"I'm not so sure that, at this stage, we would be for immediate legalization," Bill Myer, co-owner of Arizona Organix in Glendale, told The Arizona Republic. "We've still got some issues to work through with the laws we currently have. The program is still in it's infancy."I think Arizona should probably digest what's going on here before we move forward with what's going on in Washington and Colorado. Is it going to be a great program, or is it going to be a problem? We don't know that."Myer and some other dispensary operators said they are concerned about their financial investments and question how legalizing recreational use, which could increase the number of dispensaries, would impact their bottom line. Ask them about this on their FB page and they will delete your question. All they care about is their own profits, they do not deserve your support.
5	I tried three different dispensaries...this one is the WINNER, hands down! Best staff, best prices, and best SMOKE!!!  I LOVE AZO, and the point system rocks!
5	AZO has many strains at great prices.  Professional budtenders who are very knowledgeable!
5	If there is a place that cares more than AZO then I have not meet them! I can truly say that management runs this place like a well oiled machine that takes each and every customer like a patient! They care for you and your well being truly a place that has the patient 1st mentality! If I have not express how amazing this place is stop by an see for yourself!
2	This is a very clean very nice establishment. They're staff is super cool, prolly the best staff in town. However, their prices are absolutely ridiculous. They are really taking advantage of people that either can't grown their own or are desperate to not be in pain. Either way the prices are the highest I've seen anywhere here in the AZ.
