4	This place is very very small in a strip mall its half the size of most "C" stores . I saw the name and pulled in .As you walk in it was not a busy place at least when I was there and the workers where reading the newspaper I saw only 3.I had the fish sandwich now this place does not have yjr SQUARE FISH" as does many chains that they put on their sandwiches. i mean Bojangles,Wendys, come on people you do not go to a place that is not true to their DNA in other words do not go to subway and get fried chicken.They actually use pieces of fish not the formed square fish I think it was haddock. Light breading toasted bun with home made tarter sauce good sandwich $6.00 and thats all you got. I hope their business picks up I know the rent at that location is very high. They also have other seafood shrimp calamari will stop again...
5	If you eat Porgie this is the place to hit u, the crabcakes are large and full of crab meat.... Real crab meat...
3	Nice local spot offering a good variety of different fish species. The restaurant isn't exuberant or anything, just your average order at the counter place with many regulars on the weekends. Batter is pretty tasty and fries and hushpuppies are okay. In addition to the traditional fish fry items they also offer snow crab legs, scallops and even salmon. Whiting fillets might come with skin and bones, so eat with care. A good sign of real fish though!
5	If you know what a "fish fry" is then this is your spot! Everything is good and made when you order. REAL seafood!Primarily take out although they do have some limited seating.
4	Good meal.  I had fried shrimp, crab cakes, greens, rice and peas.  I had intended to order grilled, but the fried shrimp were delicious - excellent quality shrimp and you could taste it.  The crab cakes were also delicious.
3	Well, had it not been for the BF I would have  never gone to this place. He is quite the "Regular" , so I trusted his judgement. If you go, definitely go for the food and not expectations of a fine/casual dining establishment. It's just what the name implies-- a gril and very limited space in a strip mall. There are a few tables if your small party decides to dine in. I have to agree with other posters that the fried shrimp is deliciously prepared with just the right about of seasoning and breading, so were the okra. This is a big plus in my book where some places tend to go overboard. :)  The pintos did lack flavor, but again the fried shrimp stole the show. By the way, they do not stock fountain drinks, so if you want a soda it will be in a can--of course that means NO refills. They do also offer lemonade, half&half ( tea and lemonade) and water. Would go back again.
3	I really want to like this place, but they just haven't delivered for me on just my second visit.  I've tried the fish and chicken and a few sides and everything was just alright....perhaps my expectations are too high, but I will try them once more.  I think if they focused more on the seafood it would be a little better but they're basically a soul food restaurant that sells fish and shrimp.
1	First off they say they open at 11..the cook was late so they ended up opening at 1120. Second my croaker I ordered tasted terrible like it was old fish. The lady at the front register has a terrible attitude and is not friendly at all. Won't return food is greasy and it taste like its fried in old oil.
3	I ordered the fried perch fish sandwich.  I was pretty good.  Nothing spectacular, but not bad either.  I've had the fish sandwich a couple times but that's about it.  I do plan on trying the fried shrimp in the future. I've heard good things about it. I can only visit places like this on Saturday or Sunday as I try to "eat healthy" Monday through Friday.  However, I am looking forward to seeing what else they have to offer.
4	I've eaten here once a month for nearly 2 years; let me tell you why: First, I can totally vouch for the fried whiting & croaker, mac&cheese, yams, and TURKEY RIBS WHICH ARE INSANELY WONDERFUL. I live 15 miles from the restaurant, and make the trip whenever I crave soul food & good company, which leads me to #2. The front counter staff (Dottie, Henrietta, and owner Ralph) treat you like family, which is really at the heart of a good soul food restaurant. Yes, it is located in a strip mall and is no where near "upscale". So what?!  What it IS is clean, well-lit with natural light, tiny & welcoming, and that's what REAL SOUL food is about! When I want upscale, I go upscale, but I have business & personal lunches here, and love to watch my guests enjoy the food & the staff despite the tiny modest set-up. It also sends a good message about the fundamentals of a good business. 70% of orders are for take-out, so there is much movement in & out the door, but there are about 8 tables of varying sizes to accommodate diners. As people wait for either their takeout or food to the table, strangers chat, and you discover who moved to Charlotte from where, and everything else beautiful about human interaction. For all you NYC transplants to Charlotte like myself, the owner Ralph is a native New Yorker, so the place has the authentic NYC soul-food 125th st vibe. Lastly, this is a small business putting out a great product every day ALONG with great customer care. They work hard together as a team, and it is really inspiring to watch, especially when that phone starts ringing non-stop with orders. They simply aim to treat you right, make sure you're comfortable, and make sure you're thrilled with your food. With the average meal with heavy portions setting you back a mere $10, how could anything be more perfect?
4	Finally knocked Sunset Soul Food off my bookmarks list.  Got an order combo of fried shrimp and fried croaker with french fries and cole slaw.  First off, you order, then it gets cooked so, the fish, shrimp and fries were perfectly hot and crispy. Everything tasted good though the coleslaw was I tiny bit too sweet for me.  The only downer was pre-packaged tartar sauce vs. homemade but that's a minor irritation and would not at all be a reason not to eat here again.
4	I'm a huge fan of Sunset Soul Food, I usually try to stop in at least every two weeks.  For some reason, I just can't get enough of their desserts.  The chocolate cake, peach cobbler and sweet potato pie are all to die for.I'm not a huge fried seafood eater; so I can't really comment on their seafood, but to date I haven't been disappointed with anything I've eaten here.  I was even brave enough to give their chitterlings a try and I was pleasantly surprised :)  To my knowledge most of the fried items are cooked to order; so if you're getting something fried, I would plan on around a 20+ minute wait.The overall restaurant is rather small; if memory serves me correctly they only have about 4 tables and a few seats along the wall near a pub shelf.  I typically get take out, and I wouldn't recommend taking a large group (5+) to dine in.One interesting thing about this place, is that they also cook Thanksgiving and Christmas turkey dinners.  I've had them do my Thanksgiving dinner for 2 years in a row now and my friends have always been impressed with the meal.  The pricing is fairly reasonable to, if I remember correctly a turkey, with 3 sides, rolls, gravy and a pie run around $69.Customer service wise, the staff is friendly and fairly attentive.
5	There's a man who comes there every night for dinner and tells customers that if they don't like the food he'll pay for it. He hasn't had to pay for someone else food in 17 years!Great food, generous portions, friendly people.
5	So I'm sitting home alone, starving and hubby has the car. I find this place on yelp and I am skeptical. Now I'm fairly new to Charlotte and have been disappointed by a couple of places that have promised good soul food. This however, is not one of those places. I ordered the food though the Yelp app and it showed up way faster than they said!!! Delivery guy was very easy on the eye (Ijs) and the food was amazing!! I got the oxtails over rice and the Mac and cheese and the peach cobbler (whaaaat? It's a cheat day!!) and enjoyed all three. Remind me off great food my Nanny would cook when we were kids, and that peach cobbler was just... Idk, I'm still lost for words....I really think you will love this place, I know I do....
4	Received delivery out from here today for dinner for the family. It was good. I would recommend it. Looking forward to trying some other things too.
4	We ordered for delivery and it was ok. I found the shrimp and scallops to be a little bit salty, but my husband thought it was fine. My kids loved the philly cheesesteak and the chicken steak sandwiches. The mac and cheese was very good, but I thought the candied yams weren't quite sweet enough. The peach cobbler was great, but you need to like nutmeg.Overall, the experience was good. Delivery took about an hour, but it was clearly stated when we ordered online, so it was ok.We've never eaten here before, but my youngest says she wants to order again for her birthday because she enjoyed to food so much.
5	Chicken seasoned just right.  Everything was very good.  Definitely different.
5	I always have to stop by here to get my bangin peach cobbler! Delicious! Their Apple cobbler is good too.
4	First time eating from here and the food was delish!  It was a last minute decision on a rainy night, so I read the reviews and saw I could order online.  I ordered for pick-up and the food was ready once I arrived.  The gentleman opened up each plate to show and ensure our order was correct; in which it was.  Once I made it home, I opened the box and began my feast.  The food was great overall and the portions were generous.  I will definitely eat here again!
4	Legit. All you could want and more for true southern soul food. The dining room is nothing special, but all you really need is a chair and table to enjoy the meal. Heaping portions and everything is delicious. Friendly staff too.
4	This review is based on the food and delivery only as I've never been inside the restaurant...Food is amazing! I've had several things, fried wings, whiting and broiled flounder and all are soo good! Perfectly seasoned as you would expect. Sides: collards, mac n cheese, potato salad, rice n gravy are all delish. The loose corn I can do without, has some funky add ins with it that make it gross. Peach cobbler...yummy! Have it if u try this place out. I get delivery from here bc there's not many places near me that deliver. The prices are good but there is a $5 delivery fee. Sign up thru grub hub and you'll get tons of coupons though. Timing of delivery sucks though! It's way longer than the estimated time given so be prepared. It's worth it though :))
5	The food is great! A gem in terms of true southern cuisine. I felt like I was eating food from my grandmother's kitchen and was so excited to find this spot. Also if you have family members who like  southern delicacies such as chitterlings but you hate the way they make your house smell, this place has you covered!
2	I came in on a Friday lunch hours thinking they would be busy but they were not. I ordered the crocker dinner with Mac n cheese and potatoes salad. While I was waiting 10 minutes for the fish to be cooked freshly I noticed the grade 92 and looked around the floors and tables were dirty. Anyway got my food to go. The fish was seasoned just right!!! The Mac and cheese was mushy with overcooked pasta and a offbrand cheap cheese not like I expected. The potato salad was cold and you could taste th garlic. Pretty goodn . it came with brick I mean cornbread.LOL it had no flavor and didn't taste like Jiffy cornbread. No sweet just tasted like a brick I took 1 bite and through it away. The coconut cake looked very appealing until I took the first bite. It was stale and taste like 2 day old cake not moisture at all. I was disappointed in the cake. If I come back again I will only.get fish!!! You can get it bake broiled or fried. Why was there no hour rush?!?! Oh now I know why.
4	Had been longing for a decent croaker for a long time. I ordered the croaker wing combo. The croaker was decent. The wings had good flavor. I was immediately greeted upon entry.  I like when that happens it shows that u appreciate your customers.
5	I found this place because of the good reviews on Yelp and I must admit, it did not disappoint!  I had the fried pork chops which were perfectly seasoned!  I had sides of mac-n-cheese and greens.  They were both good also.  I brought about 5 of my friends at later times and they've all loved it.  The shrimp was deliciously flavored and was one of my favorites as well.  The price was perfect.  I definitely recommend that you try it out.  The owner was very nice also and remembered who I was each time I came back.  Great customer service!
2	Not great, not terrible, nice people.
5	Outstanding food!  Very nice people!  Awesome service. You need to try the Crab Legs, Mac Cheese and of course the hush puppies.
5	Today I had the fried pork chops with potato salad and collard greens.  Everything was seasoned nicely, nice sized portions, and a good price. I will definitely be back to try out more of this menu.
2	I didn't know what to actually write about this place as the food was pretty good. Here is what got so many stars knocked off. I ordered the whiting sandwich. When the whiting sandwich came to me, it had 3 pieces of whiting. I'm guessing that the 2 on each side of the main piece was supposed to be a substitute for the bread. When my wife told me to just tell the waiter that the bread is missing I was skeptical because I said he knows.. when he bought the food out he stated whiting sandwich implying that we were on the same page and that was the food I had ordered. We were not on the same page at all and it seemed as if he was reading a different book entirely. I may not be a chef but I do know that the main staple food of ANY sandwich is the bread. The cashier seemed flustered that so much people was ordering during lunch that she couldn't keep up with the orders in a timely manner. I hate giving most places just a couple stars if the food was good but customer service and food management is a pretty big deal for me.
2	The food was tasty but cold after I ordered at 6:22 and the driver called to tell me he forgot the address and is lost. I then tell him where the apartments are then I had to stay on the phone with him. He was a nice guy but my food arrived at 7:51. The expected arrival time is 45mins to an hour. The manager did provide compensation of discount delivery fee.
5	This is a real hole-in-the-wall place, right by the UPS off of Sunset. The people here are always smiling, always friendly and always patient. They have a very varied menu and everything that we have tried here has been mind blowing. We typically get the oysters (fried, of course), the shrimp po' boy sandwich and sides. All of their sides are yummy but we especially love the fried okra, baked beans and the mac n' cheese. This one time we tried their crab legs which were delicious and so succulent too. Tried to reproduce them at home once when I was craving those legs but turned out pretty bad :)These guys must have magical powers to make everything taste so amazing. I wish they were closer to home or a little more on our way. But the drive here is worth it, every single time!
