3	It feels like an oversized high school stadium, but I'm ok with that.I had the pleasure of attending the UNLV vs. Utah football game last fall thanks to free tickets from my employer.  Upon arrival there is limited recognizable parking space.  The rest is a dirt lot and you just park wherever.  At least it doesn't cost you anything.  You gotta give it to the Rebels fans for showing up.  The stadium was not packed, but still had enough people to make it fun.  I recommend going to a game in October or later.  As the weather cools down, it's perfect.Sam Boyd Stadium itself seems outdated and undersized.  This might be a good thing considering the quality of the team that takes the field.  The night I went I was lucky to witness one of only 2 wins on the season.  The sound system leaves a lot to be desired.  The scoreboard is also minor league.  Hopefully the football program can get something going.
4	I had my best college football experience here. A little background: I went to Northwestern where the administration did everything they could to make sure saps like me didn't have any fun. This includes 11am kickoffs and of course, a dry atmosphere. So when we got to tailgate for the Friday night game, we instictively started to pre-drink heavily. But then we walked into the stadium and:FULL BAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	I went to OBC an outdoor all day Rock Concert 8-9 years ago and it was life changing. This is one great stadium to rock out in. It was of course 120' out and they were hosing us down with water canon and pelting us with bottled water. Nothing could calm the madness. Of course I've also seen Monster Jam World Finals here too, What an awesome show of destruction and mayhem. They crashed all the vehicles had freestyle motorcycle jumping and 4wheeler racing it was madness and did I mention tickets for most everything are UNDER $20!! The place has great facilities and even better events. After reading all the reviews I'm gonna have to get out to a football game.
2	Went to the 2008 Las Vegas Bowl.  I had fun but the Stadium itself is really just a glorified High School Field.  The Wheelchair seating sucked and the BYU fans I was sitting with were some of the rudest "fans" I have ever been around and I have been to sporting events all over the world!  I had no allegiance to either team but I wish my seats were on the Arizona side!  On the plus side, the stadium staff did offer to let me move to better seats, but I turned them down because they were at the top of the stadium and I would have frozen my tukas off since it was so cold and windy. I actually wore thermal underwear in Las Vegas!
5	Beer and College Football belong together.  Thank you UNLV/Sam Boyd Stadium for uniting them.
4	Was here the weekend of the USA Sevens and we had a blast.I've seen some of the concerns of the previous reviewers regarding parking etc and unfortunately I can't update you on that as we were taking advantage of the free shuttle buses laid on by the event.We jumped on the bus at Hooters, for which there was a long line, as expected. Within 20 mins we were dropped off at the stadium and joined the ticket collection queue in which I spent about 30mins chatting to others of all nationalities who were genuinely excited about the event.The stadium itself is big enough for this type of event but didnt' seem too big. It took us no more than 5 mins to walk from one end of the horseshoe to the other.What impressed me most, was the food and drink offerings. A fairly wide range of cooked and decent food for prices that surprised me! We got a chicken tenders - which is effectively 5 nigh on chicken breasts with fries - for $6. The same meal in London's most famous football stadium costs 4 times the price for half the value and taste.Lots of beers available at the concession stand, and don't I just love that USA culture of bringing the beers to you in the stand? Hell yeah I do!I'll be looking to return to this event in coming years.
2	I was born and raised in Vegas and really love everything in this town, or at least try to, but we seriously need a COMPLET overhaul of this place and it's staff. I've been to a few Rebel and Loco football games here and they're alright from the seats, but the facitlity from the concorse and the parking lot, ehhh. They need to learn to direct traffic and not be so stupid. I went to finish my drink when walking in the gate, knowing that I'm not allowed to take it inside, and as I go to throw it away, the guy at the gate FREAKS OUT on me and tells me that I HAVE to throw it out in this other trash can on the other side of the table, two feet away. Both trash cans, not like one is recycle or plastics only or something, EXACT same thing. They need to not waste their time on directing people exactly which receptical to use and focus on, gee, i don't know, maybe TRAFFIC or CROWD CONTROL. And PLEASE use the conssesions that you have givien to you built in the stadium, not ONE on each side!!!! For the Locomotive footbal games the UFL did a great job, it was the stadium crew  that dropped the ball. I will try to avoid this place if at all possible.
2	This is a High School esque stadium. Although it only holds 37K, the parking set up for this size stadium is atrocious... with absolutely no rhyme or reason as to where cars should go... inside is a bit better.  I would try to park outside the stadium if possible, as cars back up way too easily.
2	Attended the UNLV vs UNR game last Saturday.  I've lived in Vegas for over 17 years and besides a few updates here and there, not much as changed with Sam Boyd Stadium.  It is seriously outdated and needs a major renovation or a new Stadium needs to be built.  Here's a breakdown of the joint:PROS- Because it's so small (38,600 seats), it's a great view from any seat in the house.CONS- It was built in 1971, renovated a few times, but is very outdated.- The food here is atrocious.  I won't eat food here.  On Saturday we ate at a Pizza joint before we drove here and then ate at the Tailgate Party before we walked into the Stadium.....that's how bad it is.- Parking is on dirt lots that are either really dusty or muddy, depending on the weather.- The seats are bench seats....like a high school football stadium.  Actually, my Son's high school has a better stadium than this.....seriously.If you're here because you love to watch Football, or a concert and don't care about the comforts of a modern stadium, then you'll be fine.....if you want all of the perks that a newer stadium has, this is not the place for you to come.Will I return?  I have no choice, so I will.
3	Football isn't the most popular sport at UNLV and . . . well, the team isn't really the best in the Mountain West.  But a stadium doesn't have to host a winner to offer a good football experience.If you get a chance to see a UNLV football game or the Vegas Bowl Game, Boyd Stadium is worth a visit.  It's pretty cozy and even the upper seating sections feel closer to the field than they do in most stadiums.  Sadly, the UNLV fans are rarely into the game and visiting teams tend to have more fans.  That is, unless Nevada-Reno ("UNR") is in town.  If you can, grab a ticket to this game.  While Nevada-Reno has been dominating lately, it is a rivalry game, the students/fans are intense and it's always one of the best games of the season for UNLV.
2	The only reason I gave this place two stars is because of the sight lines.  No matter where you sit in this stadium, you'll have a good view of the field.  Sam Boyd Stadium is essentially a larger than average high school stadium.  It's miles away from campus, so if you're a student or live close to the university you can forget about just walking to a football game.  The parking lot is a dirt lot (read: a parking lot with NO ASPHALT), and your car WILL get dirty and scuffed.  The parking officers who direct traffic suck, and the only reason it doesn't take forever to get out of the lot is because not many people go to UNLV games to begin with.  Despite the "renovations", the stadium is old, outdated, and just not a great place to watch football.  The performance of the UNLV football team does, however, match the conditions of their home stadium.  While it is comedic to watch the team at times, you're better off watching them at home, and you will save money on how much beer you have to drink to make it through a game.If you want to watch good UNLV sports, pass on football at Sam Boyd Stadium and watch the much better Runnin' Rebel Basketball team at the much nicer Thomas & Mack.
3	Some good sights seeing while at the stadium. Good view from where ever you sit. Had a great time inside and out during the recent Sevens Rugby tournament festivities. But it is old and outdated. OK at best. They should level it and put just off the strip.
3	I attended Sam Boyd Stadium for the Monster Jam World Finals in 2010 and 2011. The parking for this stadium is on a dirt  lot which made my favorite pair of converse dirty. The stadium is kind of small however Monster Jam itself was able to put on a great show regardless. The food is atrocious and there are not a lot of options its a lot of hot dogs, pretzels, and other snack items. They do not sell energy drinks here and they wouldn't even let us buy a redbull unless we added vodka to it. Kind of stupid in my opinion. They do have a smoking section, which is nice because out here in California smoking has been banned at our local venue. I will say all in all that it wasn't all that bad, and I am looking forward to going here again for Monster Jam 2012.
2	I just visited this stadium for the University of Hawaii vs. UNLV game and what a difference from Aloha Stadium (where the University of Hawaii Plays.)  This stadium was pretty nice not too messy the bathrooms were passable and there were no lines anywhere.  (This can be attributed to the fact that all the UNLV fans that I talked to stated that their team sucked, a taxi driver who we talked to said that he would need to see a psychiatrist before going to the game because it would probably be that bad.)  Other than short lines there wasn't much else good about this stadium.  The parking lot wasn't even paved and was just dirt, the stadiums food selection was pretty bland and didn't offer many choices, and the drink selection was alright since they did serve hard liquor, but they only served three types of beers.  With all of these things added together your experience at a football game here will not be a very good one.
2	Decent stadium on the inside.  Good facilities and well maintainedTerrible dirt lot for tailgating.  I dont see why the grounds are better kept.  Lastly, for people visiting, it is way the hell out there.  Like most people that dont rent cars in Vegas, it is painfully fair (both in time, and to the wallet).I will come here every 2 years to see my team play the Rebels, and will enjoy the company of friends, but it wont be because of a killer stadium (unlike other places)
4	not a bad place.  it's a cozy stadium perfect for a night out to watch a ball game.UNLV is in its rebuilding mode (for how long I don't know haha) but they put on a good show.worth going for a night on the town, something different from hanging out at the strip.
3	Overall a nice stadium, but not great. Gorman High Schools' stadium is better and is almost as big. Located on Russell Rd east of 95 and Boulder Hwy. Park free on gravel, permit req for the paved parking. You can bring and consume your own whatever in the gravel parking area. Lot of folks doing that at tonights game (Boise State vs UNLV). There were RV's parked in the gravel area also which is south of the stadium and right across the street. It is all gravel and not dirt and really isnt bad to walk on. Gates open an hour before the game. You do not have to empty pockets and walk through a detector and they dont really check for drinks or much else. In fact, its alot more strict at a high school football game than it is here. Cameras are also not a problem. There are plenty of bathrooms that are cleanish, plenty of food areas ( food is crap - cheap cold hot dogs and small sodas and cheap nachos etc) and plenty of places to buy a 7$ 16oz beer. SBS gives you small but free programs, and has metal benches with backs to sit on but no seats. So bring a cushion and/or a blanket. Stadium is pretty small (seats about 35k) so I really think any seat is a good seat.
4	This is a small stadium with a horseshoe style set, meaning you walking in the main gate and if your ticket puts you on the other side, you walk all the way around to get there, there is no circular setup. Overall, it's clean and maintain well, we've never been disappointed with out seats, or the field.  The big electronic screen for replay's isn't that big, the stadium seats are metal with a back, but hard on the.... so bring a cushion.  Since we tailgate, we never buy anything to eat, but they have the usual, hot dogs, nachos and such.   The beer is expensive, but this type of venue, it always is.  We manage to bring in bottle water since they don't really look at bags that closely.   It gets a little bit better later in the season, as far as the heat goes, but we always manage to survive.   As long as UH comes to town, we'll be there to support them!
2	Small stadium and would have great views all around if they did not use "bleacher" style seating in the 300 section. We were unaware of this when we bought "best available" tickets to a nearly sold out event. Once we were seated there was really no way in or out, the bleachers flexed from weight and we could not see anything for nearly the entire 4 hour event. This was a very kid friendly event and it was nerve wracking keeping the little ones from tripping and falling through. I will definitely use more caution when buying tickets at this venue, and probably call to ensure the location of my seats. Also, the concession stand nearest us ran out of food before the event even started. Because we were unable to leave our seats due to crowding, we were unable to eat anything until midnight when we finally got out of the congested parking lot.
2	Really a stadium away from the campus-Ticket rep lied and sold me crappy seats - its ok which is why i moved to the lower part after the start of the soccer game. Would I return -heck no but it was fun anyway
1	I've lived in Las Vegas for 5 years now removed from Lexington, KY and I thought our UK's Commonwealth Stadium was a mediocre building by SEC standards, Sam Boyd is even worse than it! At least unlike SEC stadiums, they serve beer. I did have my chance to check this place out years ago for a U2 concert but I was sick. I finally made my way to the stadium to watch the Rebels lose their season opener against Minnesota in a triple OT thriller. You can imagine, not being a football school or college town that the stadium was at a good 40% capacity. I was lucky that I have a friend in the athletic department who provided the tickets because I would not normally have attended.The picture on the LCD screen had multiple large bad pixels that needed changing and the location is so far out of the way for fans. The location is on the northeast side of town and should instead be closer to UNLV's campus. I also believe the school should invest in making a retractable dome much like the stadium the Arizona Cardinals NFL franchise plays in because no one will want to watch a game in over 100 degrees dry heat. This place could definitely use a makeover, especially being that this is the tourism capital. Having a newer state of the art facility will draw attention to UNLV football fans, non football events (concerts)
4	Came here for the Rugby Seven in 2010 to root for Samoa and they WON it the best first rugby I've ever been to :D Went again this year but they lost boo-hoo.Pro:The booth to look at and buy from (merchandise/souvenir and cultural food)DJ busting out some good ol' song w/ ppl dancingPeople from all over the worldYou can dress crazy....even if it a costume like batmanRV parking areaTon of seatThe game to watch.....unless the team you root for lostCon:Very crowdedThey need to get the ATM (Bank of America plz) to come alive it no good when you only got credit/debit cardTicket were hecka expensive...Lame :/TV screen weren't that big to see the game...SO PLZ  BRING A BINOCULAR
4	Had the best time here for monster jam!!Friendliest staff and a great stadium!!
2	It's hard to give this stadium a fair review with so many things against it (location, the winning record of the team who plays here...).  There are reasons why the university wants to put a stadium closer to campus and ASAP.  Sam Boyd is older, doesn't have the biggest capacity (although it's not like Rebel football is a sell out) and did I mention is miles down the road from campus out in Henderson.They have basic concessions, basic restrooms with nothing fancy.  It's not that Sam Boyd Stadium is horrible but as my rating suggests "Meh. I've experienced better"
3	So here's the thing...  I'm not from Nevada or surrounding states.  I'm also not a UNLV fan but for possibly a good football game...  I'm in.  Our first game here was vs. University of Arizona.   I honestly think there were more Arizona fans here than UNLV fans.  Oh... maybe that's because Arizona was winning (by a lot!) and had more to cheer for. LOL  The stadium itself is so small than what I'm used to being in.   From Michigan ~~ University of Michigan Fan ~~ GO BLUE!   Sam Boyd only holds around 36,000 people....  The Big House.... 107,000+.   Yep, huge difference.   The parking was fine.  We got there a little early and pulled into a parking lot that was just starting to get used (One of the free lots) .  In and out of this parking lot was actually pretty easy and made it only a few minutes to wait for traffic to be directed out.  Nice! It was only a short jaunt to get into the south entrance of the stadium so that was good.The concessions have a little improvement to be made.  There really wasn't much of a selection as far as hot items.  No big deal I guess.  We will just eat something before I get to the game.  Overall it's very inexpensive for entertainment during football season.  We will be back again and hopefully more to cheer for than the opposing team.    ;-)
3	Been coming to this stadium since I was a little girl. Growing up in Vegas they hold everything from monster truck events, concerts, sports and off road stuff out here. It's home to the UNLV Running Rebels football team games. Unfortunately there is not a huge UNLV football following like there is for basketball. Maybe it's because the stadium is about 7.5 miles from the campus. Or maybe it's because there's no big push for football events. The student section is always bare! Many times the opposing team out numbers UNLV fans. Our better games for turnout is when we play UNR and Hawaii. There's a couple other teams that kick up the turnout from time to time. It's all outdoors seating, horseshoe shaped. There are 2 box offices and 3 or 4 entrances that you can exit out of too. We tailgate all of the home games. Parking is free in the dirt lots and $20 to park in the grass on the star nursery fields, north east of the stadium. We like the grass area and are season ticket holders for tailgating there. You can reserve a numbered spot. I do have to complain about the police and security that work that area though. Every year we have a big issue with them! They can really be ASSHOLES! We are grown adults, with families paying $500 to have our space there. They harass us like a bunch of punk frat kids EVERY GAME! This past weekend as we were loading up 4 cop cars with their lights on and flashing felt it was necessary to supervise us packing. It was dark and their bright flashing lights didn't help. It was like packing with a strobe light going off. They made us and our kids feel like we were criminals doing something wrong. I understand they are there to patrol the area for criminal activity and our safety, fine. I'm not a criminal neither are our friends and family that come out. If there's not a problem I don't need them around. It's to the point of us not wanting to renew our parking for next season. Fan support and turnout is so low that you'd think the people paying over a grand a season to go wouldn't be harassed!
2	It's been 3 years since the last time I attended a game at Sam Boyd Stadium.  Not much has changed.  The Rebels are still terrible and the stadium is subpar when compared to other college stadiums.  They did win against Western Illinois the night I went, so that was a plus.The stadium is outdated and the concessions offered here are terrible.  All of the points I made in my original review still apply....someday UNLV will build a new stadium and that will change, I hope....Return Factor - 50%
3	I was actually surprised that the good old Silver Bowl is kept up better than I expected. I was thinking it would be really runned down and dirty, but it seems like there has been minor renovations throughout the years and the facility was overall clean.  I had been coming here annually for the CCSD half time show review, which showcases all the high school marching bands. When I was younger my parents and I would watch my brother take on the field and then it was my turn when I entered high school. Those were truly my fondest memories of Sam Boyd. However, after many years of being a UNLV student, my first football game was last year at the UNLV UNR rivalry game. Man oh man, was it fun! I had heard about how fun the tail gate and actual game is and I was pretty stoked to be finally going. After being born and raised in Las Vegas, I could tell that this is Nevada at it's finest. The fireworks add to the excitement when UNLV scored a touch down. Fist pumping the other rebel fans in the stands (even if they were strangers) added to the fun. Although UNLV lost, it was still an enjoyable experience. All I can say is I will certainly be back next year for the rivalry game, GO REBELS!
3	I like coming to events at Sam Boyd Stadium.  I've been to the monster truck several times.  And many supercross events as well.  I've even been to a couple of football games.  Both UFL and UNLV alike.  While I always have fun the fact remains that Sam Boyd is showing its age.  The concrete is cracked and breaking apart.  The seats are warped and have some sharp edges in the curves.  It has an overall feel of bare minimum ammenities.  And the parking is terrible.  I hate having to park in a very rough and rocky parking lot.  Dirt or small gravel is one thing but large chunks of asphalt and concerte is quite another.  It is time for an upgrade.  I hope the new proposed project UNLV has planned grows legs and progresses soon.  It would be nice for the school to have a place near campus instead of on the outskirts of town.  Fingers crossed.
4	I have been here twice for the Supercross finals, and had good experiences both times!I like the fact that we didnt have to pay to park in the dirt lot. We were able to save money that way. Although, getting out of the dirt lot can be a pain. One time, we followed a line of cars, and when we got to the point where it hit the street, it was basically a drop off! Something a Chevy Malibu should not have tried! We scratched the bottom of the car trying to go down it! (Yes we probably should have gone another way after we realized it was a drop off, but saw other cars doing it just fine so we figured it wouldnt be too hard.) Thankfully there were bystanders watching that helped us avoid the big rocks! This stadium isnt very big (seating wise) but it works. Some seats are the fold down seats, others are bleachers. This stadium serves mixed drinks! But being basically in Vegas, I would have expected it! It was nice for me, someone who doesnt drink beer, to order a margarita!
3	Came for the Vegas Bowl.Small stadium, crowded facilities, bad acoustics, can hardly hear the announcer where we sat (Section 25, row 7).Well, Trojans won, so I'm happy :)
2	Parking (2/5):Parking is a big hastle. Unless if you get to the stadium three or four hours before the games starts, then you will find the parking easily. $15/per car (cash only), I am not sure if the rates are different for big trucks. I went there for a USC vs Frezno; and because it was a big games. I think they did do a good job directing traffic to the park lot. Ambiance (N/A):I have this category for restaurants, so it doesn't really apply to a stadium. In short, all I can say that ambiance was loud enough for a place full of drunk-passionate USC fans. Service (2/5):There was a lot of hired help, bathrooms were clean enough and the concessions lines moves as a fast enough pace.  However, some areas definitely needed more cleaning, i.e. there were trash cans that were overflowing and some toilets in the men room were doing same, except it was more disgusting. Food and beer are very expensive, which should be no surprise to anyone. A bottle of Bud cost $7 and $6 hot dogs were subpar. Overall (2/5), it's a mediocre place for to rob die-hard fans. The stadium itself is very small, but the positive of that is that you feel like you are sitting very close to the actual field. I probably wouldn't have gone there if it wasn't a free ticket ($55) through a consulting company's generosity.
5	The Sam Boyd Stadium is a great venue for football, the crowd is right on top of the field; the only crappy thing about the stadium is that UNLV plays there.   USC fans, I have been to the LA Coliseum several times and believe me, you sit in the front row and you are still 50 yards away from the field and you will pay up to $40 to $50 for parking and a Hotdog will cost you $10, not a cheap outing!   So Sam Boyd Stadium  is one of the best places to play and on top of that, you can hit the sports book on the way out to the game and place a bet on the game and then you get to watch the game  in person.......  Only In Las Vegas Baby!  USC-Fresno State had 42,675 people, not bad!  Sold Out!
3	The parking was chaotic and in a dirt lot far from the actual stadium. The staff was horrible and had no idea where anything was. I had to ask 5 different people to find the location of what I was looking for. Everything is expensive....but I guess thats expected.  Overall it was a good event, after it got started. The downs were mainly the parking and getting out of the dirt lot. The staff was frustrating,  but it is a big stadium I just wish I received better help.
4	Best place to watch Rebel Sports! Whether it been football season, monster jam season or even motor cross, it's a great place to bring the family, enjoy beer and hot dogs, and buy the greatest in fan merchandise of your favorite driver or bmxer or even your favorite football player!
5	Monster jam XV world finals march 2014.  Perfect location for 32 10,000 pound monster trucks to do their stuff.  70+ mph monster trucks doing back flips and double back flips , front rolls and jumps 50 feet in the air 200 feet long.  It is AWSOME
4	Went here the past two years for the Monster Jam World Finals.  On the one hand, the parking is on a dirt lot and a bitch to get out of....but it's free, so I'm fine with that.  Most big arenas/stadiums charge, and can charge upwards of $20 just to park...and have similar traffic issues!  Seating was fine, and I enjoy a large police presence.  Now that I'm traveling with my own family, small kids and such, I like having university police and Las Vegas Metro around....I used to watch Raider games at the LA Coliseum when I was a kid and saw way too many knuckleheads fighting, gang idiots, drunk idiots, etc.  Not worried about it at Sam Boyd.  Facilities were fine, although they could have better food to choose from.  4 stars for the security and not charging for parking.
3	Getting to and leaving the stadium is a nightmare if you're going to be parking. The lines move super slow, and the people collecting fees are even slower. Once you're in the actual stadium, there are plenty of options for beer, mixed drinks, coffee with Kahlua or Bailey's and frozen cocktails which is awesome if you're a drinker. If you're wanting food, options are limited to basic concession stand stuff like nachos, hot dogs and pretzels.
3	Dirt parking lots, long walk, crappy food, and even more crappy bench seats.  It's difficult to be too harsh on the Sam Boyd Stadium.  They did host U2, and it was the best concert of my life (and I've been to many many many concerts).The Good:1.  Free parking2.  Best concert EVER (U2/Black Eyed Peas, 2012)The Bad:1.  Hard metal seating kills the buttocks2.  Feels like high school3.  Rinky dink food stands
