3	We had a coupon and time to kill or we never would have found the place.  Pretty decent selection of stuff.  Nothing amazing, but nothing too bad.  They had some sushi, some dim sum items, your standard entrees in chicken and/or beef and of course the standard Salad/jello/pudding options that all buffets will have.   They had a decent desert selection, though some of the flavor combos were weird.  There were these maraschino cherry/dark chocolate brownies with sprinkles that tasted mighty funky.  But a great coffee and chocolate mouse cake that was kinda interesting.  On Friday and Saturday nights they also have crab legs so I'm sure I'll be there again with my crab loving girlfriend.  For $8.99 including drinks on a seafood night, it's not too bad I suppose.  Not a place worth driving across town for, but a decent neighborhood spot for sure.
4	As a Cantonese who lives in Los Angeles (one of the biggest China towns in the world) for over 10 years, I am pretty sure that I am qualified for rating a Chinese buffet restaurant in Phoenix area.The only plus thing I have to give to them is they serve Cantonese style hot pot, which you put the raw meat and vegetable inside by yourself and you can choose whatever sauce you want to dip for your food.It causes extra 3 dollars (I forgot) for hot pot but you can also get the all you can eat buffet too.
4	Very good.  Lots to choose from.  Fri & Sat Dinner- Crab Leg Specials.  Just with what you can eat in shrimp and crab, is definitely worth the $$.  I believe it is just under $ 12.00 per person.  It has become a regular stop for my family.
3	Fortunately for me, I went to this restaurant before I read the awful reviews for it on Google! I ate lunch there today & enjoyed it completely!This is a large place, & a little run down, but the atmosphere is comfortable. It could also be managed a little tighter, as at least one food tray was allowed to run out while I was there. With that said, though, my waiter was friendly & attentive, the selection was large (around 60 items), & the food was delicious! (I eat at different Chinese buffets around the valley two or three times a week, & there ARE some "one star" places, but this ISN'T one of them!)
5	i was impressed the first time i stumbled into china town buffet. decent price good selection, sushi bar.      this is one of my favorite places to eat. i go all the time.
1	Had their buffet 2 years ago. Tables were greasy, floors were dirty. And I distinctly remember the discolored salmon that had the strangest texture.I got food poisoning afterward, and haven't been back to see if things have improved. Unless their management has changed since then, I will not go back.I would go to these other buffets over China Town Buffet anyday - Pacific Seafood Buffet in Chandler, Hong Kong Gourmet in Ahwatukee, and Crazy Buffet in Tempe.
3	I wasn't quite sure what to make of this place...The food was fine, but it was the people...THE PEOPLE!As a girl gamer who keeps her inner geek firmly behind closed doors (until now!), I didn't know what to make of the table full of guys were dining there prior to their WoW (World of Warcraft) raid."Hurry up, man. We have to leave. Raid starts in forty five mins.""Chill, dude. We're only around the corner from the house.""My internet and wifi connection might have to be re-booted.""My hunter needs blah blah blah..."I tuned out and decided to focus on my food and surroundings. The restaurant itself is a bit rundown, but the tables and chairs were clean, even if the napkin dispenser on the table wasn't. I didn't feel itchy like I have in some places. So I was quite all right with the cleanliness. I did have issues with people not having "buffet etiquette" - using the same plate to go back to the buffet line, picking with their fingers to get at food when there are tongs there, using a spoon in the tray to not only get the food from that specific tray, but to reach and get the stuff next to it because you're too lazy to put the spoon down and use the properly allocated one? boo to you! I think it just came from living in Vegas and hitting the buffets with family and friends when they'd roll into town - Vegas was pretty strict and they had no qualms in telling you to get a fresh plate and to not cross contaminate the utensils. Anyway, I digres...It's rare to eat at a Chinese buffet that isn't greasy...and this wasn't greasy. The selection was pretty big and the fruit was so good! I was really taken by surprise by this whole place - food was fresh and actually good! They didn't use MSG and they didn't douse everything with soy sauce and salt.But...I was enjoying my food until...a biiiiig girl in a tiiiiiiny denim miniskirt with the words "Delicious" embroidered on the back part of her butt bent over and...much to my horror and chagrin, showed me a cat I did not care to see. It looked so ANGRY!My eyes welled up with tears and my friend thought I was choking until she followed my line of sight. "OH DEAR GOD!!!!" was all she could say. Even the gamers were rendered speechless. It was a total bonding moment between our two tables.What has been seen cannot be unseen.Oh dear God indeed.Indeed.
1	This is by far the worst Chinese buffet/place that sells food that I have ever eaten in my whole life.  It does not even deserve the one star. I went there one day hungry with a friend and wanted to try this place out. I don't know why they are still open there was like a few other people. The food was VERY greasy, they didn't regularily change the food on the buffet and some of the food had turned cold. The place was mess. I literally took 2 bites and paid and left. I'll never go there again even if you paid me. Save yourself the money and go somewhere else.
4	Yay! Chinese food in Arizona that doesn't make you sick!I'm a shrimp fanatic so if you are like me you have to go here. They have breaded shrimp, raw shrimp, crab cake shrimp, bacon wrapped shrimp, and all the things at every other normal chinese buffet on the planet (but not in phoenix) this place is really good.  I think the lunch buffet was only about 8-10 bucks and its definitely the best place i've found so far here.
1	Let me start out by saying that this place is one of the worst Chinese buffets I've ever been to.You have to pay first thing when you come in, and I think it's because they don't want you to get a look at the buffet and then walk out.The vinyl on the booth we sat at was torn and the tables didn't look very clean.The food was greasy, all of the chicken dishes were dry and the sauces were gloopy and tasteless. One of the potstickers I had tasted like it was made with rotten meat. The hot and sour soup was awful. The fresh fruit and veggies were good, but it's hard to mess that up.Not only was the food mediocre at best, but while we were eating there 2 of the staff members called some of the other ones over to the buffet line to talk about the food in another language and laugh at it.Please save yourselves the trouble and eat somewhere else.
4	Wow, it's been a year & a half since I was over to this big place, & they've remodeled it!  It's still no Lin's, but it HAS moved up to "nice" inside now after having been pretty run down.  I just hope the food is still as good as it was before...There were 100 food choices out when I arrived here for this weekday lunch, not counting dressings & sauces, about 40 more than before, including the newly added SUSHI, being freshly prepared!So I landed a comfortable booth, & here's the rundown for this visit:*  Excellent lighting, including over the food.*  Lovely staff & table service!*  I fixed myself a tasty Shrimp Cocktail!*  Seafood & Broccoli salad!  Good, & a little unusual.*  5-Star Fried Chicken!*  Some sort of amazingly good breaded shrimp things!  YUM! (Of course, this was the one thing that wasn't labeled!)*  "Lovers Chicken"  (How could you not want to try that?) *  Excellent Egg Foo Young!*  Lots of different shrimp dishes, besides the ones mentioned above!*  EIGHT flavors of REAL ice cream!- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Subfivestarness?*  It was a little warm inside.*  A TV was playing.*  The Hot & Sour Soup had too much of the "hot" spice, & it killed off the other flavors.Overall?  YUM!!    :-))Lunch Buffet $7.29/$6.56 Sr.
1	This is the worst Chinese food I've ever had.  I repeat, the WORST EVER.  Anyone who writes otherwise must be a shill.  I knew it was not going to be up to par when I spotted all the Mexicans in the joint. Now, this is not saying anything against them, more so about whoever runs the kitchen.  They probably figured they didn't need to be up to snuff because they could get away with it which is a damn shame.  I hope all these people eat elsewhere and experience some decent Chinese food because this place ain't representing.The food was oily and flavorless and the selections were limited and mostly breaded.  I've never been to a buffet that didn't have my favorite which is roasted chicken or duck.  I usually eat that and only that by the plateful.  Instead, I was stuck with dry tilapia and flavorless salmon.  The terriyaki chicken was nothing but dark meat and the sweet and sour chicken was absolutely horrid!  How can anyone f up such a standard dish?  It tasted as if it had been sauteed in ketchup!  I could even taste a hint of flour which leads me to believe it was undercooked.And the sushi?  Forget it.  Horrid, horrid.  As for the dessert section, the chocolate cake looked exactly like the one you buy at KFC.  I imagine it probably tasted full of chemicals, too.  Everyone at my table was disgusted and we all agreed that we should have driven the extra mile to go to a better rated buffet.  We also concurred that the aquarium by the door (which contained numerous blood parrot cichlids and turtles) was an exercise in cruelty.  Thrown together into an inappropriately sized tank, the cichlids were relentlessly butting heads with the turtles who tried in vain to escape but had nowhere to go.I hope they weren't part of the buffet.
4	went there today with Rand H. for there lunch buffet. Well the place is a little worn down but the 100 or so trays of food were all in good shape.I started with hot and sour soup which was good .Then it was on to the main dishes , fried stuffed shrimp ,crispy chicken wings ,deep fried battered veggies , fried fish , spicy french frys all of which were above par. Then i was off to get some dessert and they had a lot for a Chinese buffet. I had fresh strawberries , canned sliced peaches , manderin oranges , yummy cakes , good chinese donuts not crunchy on the bottom. Eight types of hard ice cream. So yay I am a fan and will return , these other one star reviews must have eaten somewhere else because the food i had at China Town Buffet was all good.
4	First off let me say only a handful of Chinese Buffets have great food.  For the price, the value at China Town is very good.  More than anything on their menu I really enjoy the sushi.  The sushi is very good and all you can eat for 9 bucks with tip.  This is a great deal for sushi lovers and they have a good variety of sushi and they broke out a new tempura style today that was very yummy.  I would recommend this place for a business lunch with people you are not trying to impress but rather people you are very comfortable with as the decor is not the best.  The staff is very friendly and hospitable.  I would recommend this place any day.
1	Run, don't walk away from this place.  This is by far one of the worst Chinese Buffets I have ever been to.  It is absolutely the lowest common denominator of restaurants.  The building has seen better days, which isn't necessarily a reason not to eat some place, but the food quality is highly questionable.  The soups set out so long they had begun to congeal.  The orange chicken, the seaseme chicken, and sweet and sour chicken were no longer crispy; they were mushy.  I was afraid to go near any of the beef entrees let alone the sushi bar.  I wish Arizona required sanitation grades like other states, but they don't.  Because the buffet was in such poor condition, I can't imagine what the kitchen looks like.  You are taking serious risks to your health by eating here; plus, you will be highly disappointed.  Panda Express is a five-star restaurant compared to this place.  As I said before: Run, don't walk away from this place!
3	This place was not bad. It was all right and for the price and food offered. Like the other buffets, there was sushi offered and it wasn't bad. There was the typical type of food they offer at other buffets. To me, this is a typical kind of buffet and it wasn't bad but it wasn't the best I've gone to.
1	Let me start by saying I love a good buffet, this is not a good buffet.  My first impression was poor, dated and frayed carpeting, torn fabric on booths, but you pay as soon as you get in so I stayed.  Everything was overdone and had been out on the warming trays to long.  Service poor,  they brought the first drink to you and I guess you were on your own after that.  My idea of a buffet is to at least earn the tip and keep my glass semi filled.  Not going back, would rather spend the time and drive to Signal Butte Rd and have the best buffet in the valley.
1	Unless this place is under new management, this is a very dirty place.
1	I wouldn't recommend anything besides the crab puffs.  Everything else is scary and looks old.  Not a good buffet.
4	China Town Buffet may just be worth going out of your way for.  I've been there 5 times in the past year and if your a fan of shrimp-centric buffet items, this is your buffet hot spot.  Their Jalapeno Shrimp and Shrimp Delight dishes are two of my favorites, along with their Peppered Pork with Onions.  I have not had a bland or bad tasting Chinese dish their and that's what makes me return.  Now their sushi?  Skip it.  It's not their strong suit, so I don't hold it against them (Crazy Buffet down the street does sushi pretty well).  For desert, try their 6 flavors of Dreyer's Ice Cream.  It's well priced at around $9 on the weekends and includes a drink.**Tip**Pay attention to your junk mail.  I've received several mailers that include discounted coupons to China Town Buffet.  Why not save a buck or two?
4	Just went there today with some friends. I don't know if they changed managers/owners but I have a hard time understanding the bad reviews. It was quite busy for a saturday (don't know how food is during the week) but today at least the food was excellent and fresh. We tried a little of the buffet which seemed as good or better than most buffets I have seen in PHX. The Chinese hot pot was very good, felt like we were back in China. The place was well lit and service was a tad slow but we only saw one waitress so she was quite busy, overall she did a good job. The place isn't sparkling clean so I can see where some people might be a bit nervous but the food looked fresh and well done. I can't wait to go back and try the hot pot again.
1	My girlfriend and I almost got up and left despite having already paid; I wish we had.The thought of eating at this filthy establishment reigned mental havoc on us as we drove home.  The staff are friendly but the booths were in disrepair and the dining room was DIRTY.  The condiments on the table were covered with food and sticky; a clear sign that they haven't been wiped down in a while. The food was sub-par and cheap.  Many of the dishes were empty resulting in limited options.Google reviews have this place as two stars, I think that's being generous.  I will not eat at this establishment again.
4	Wow, some of the bad reviews about this place are WAY off!  This is one of the BEST Chinese buffet restaurants I have ever eaten at, and I have eaten at a LOT of them. The food IS fresh.  There is a person walking around with a transmitter that tells the kitchen what they are almost out of.  Yes, the food is VERY fresh, all of it. Not only that, but it isn't all gooey and gross like a lot of Chinese buffets you go to where the food sits around so long, it gets really gross looking and tasting or the food was gross to begin with.The folks giving this place bad reviews must have not eaten at too many Chinese food buffets, cause' this is definitely one of the better ones. They have like 6 or 7 different food bars to select from.  Desert, lots of awesome chicken dishes, seafood dishes, all kinds of pork and beef dishes, many of them are fantastic tasting food.  They also have American type stuff for kids, I am guessing, if you want to make sure they are going to have something to select from if they don't like Chinese food. I will say that I have never sat down and eaten there.  They sell the food by the pound! It's less than $4 per pound, I can't remember exactly how much, but you get a styrofoam container and put whatever you want in it.  They set it on a scale and you are charged accordingly.  I bought something like 7 pounds of food last time I was there for around $22.  I have some VERY picky eaters in this house and everyone LOVES this stuff!I only throw in the part about not eating IN the restaurant because I haven't paid any attention, whatsoever, to the condition of the booths or the carpet as some of the other Yelpers have complained about.  I just bring the stuff home and we all sit down and chow down.  No, you can't go wrong with this place if you are Chinese food lover and want to eat on a budget.  This isn't cheap, gross food, it's all wonderful!! No, I don't work there. I just saw it one day in that big strip mall and wondered what it was like.  I'll try any place once, if I don't like it, well, you know just don't go back. Instead, I go there twice a month, get 4 huge styrofoam containers worth of food and we are all in Chinese food heaven!________________________________________Editing:I just got back from there, was planning on going today.  The food just as wonderful as always.  Huge selection of desserts.  Lots of fresh salad fixing's.  All kinds of chicken dishes and a lessor amount of pork and beef dishes plus seafood.  I did take-out again.  I got over 7 pounds of food for $24.95 which INCLUDES the tax! Try to find that much food this good anywhere else!  I think they give a discount for using cash but not sure if that applies to takeout and it was 11:30 am so it was the lunch pricing.  The tables and chairs look new.  Must have been replaced since a few of the bad reviews that stated they were old and torn.  The carpet, I will agree with the negative posters.  It is pretty bad.  It's old and worn out and doesn't look good.  But, I could care less about such things so no biggies to me.  I stand by my 4 stars.  Oh, and I have never had anyone rude to me there.  They are always nice and friendly.___________________________Second edit: Yet another trip there.  Yet another great experience with great, fresh food!  It isn't going to change!  Worth the trip if you live in or around Tempe.
2	Pros:A decent number of selections to choose fromMany familiar choices (if you've been to a Chinese buffet before.Hand-scooped icecream in multiple varieties is a nice touch. I'm soooo tired of soft-serve machines.Cons:The pitfalls that plague most Chinese buffets... food sits in steam table trays for far too long and gets dry and unpleasant looking if you're not there at a peak-hour when food is being constantly replaced. Unfortunately, the one time I was there during what I'd consider to be "peak dining" (around 6:30-7:00pm) it was still a similar issue. Mostly, I'd say this was due to the lack of customers.I was also not overly impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant. It has a somewhat dingy look to it. Probably due to the age of the locationTo sum up: As a Chinese restaurant, I would not make this my first choice. As a Chinese buffet, I've had both better and worse. Much worse. I would consider going back, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Yet another trip there today.  They were out of several items that I have come to love at that place.  I politely asked if they were going to replenish, which is when the lady at the front started - well I assume she asking the dude at the kitchen door when they were going to have more , I don't speak Chinese but she did say a few minutes and they would bring out more if you want to wait.  Yes, I want to wait. Especially for the Chicken Sticks.  They brought out a big bowl of them and yes, I took all of them.  They can always make more : ) Yet another cool trip to a great food place!
4	A decent and affordable Chinese buffet.Come on people, stop complaining!
2	I have been here on two different occasions, I was not impressed either time.  Almost didn't go back the second time, but thought I would give them a second chance.  Place was dirty both times, food was OK, no came to my table and didn't know that if I wanted a drink, it was serve yourself.  Maybe it wasn't serve yourself, but others did and there was no one around to stop them.  Will not be going back.
2	Have no idea why my dad picked this place for his bday.  His bday, his choice.  There are many many things to choose from:  cold foods, hot foods, sushi, pizza, soups, ice cream, etc.  So everyone has something to eat.  Some of the items were sitting awhile, so it was dry (usual in a buffet).  They did replaced high moving items pretty quickly.  The tables and napkin holders were a little gross (sticky and clearly not have been cleaned in a long time).  We sat by the raw food selection (I guess they have another type of buffet - cook it yourself), and it was covered by huge sheets of white boards and the boards did not fit to cover all the foods.  I can see some of it was raw seafood, not too good.The server was kind of rude or a language barrier.  She asked for our drinks but when we ask what kind of drinks they offer she didn't say, she asked again what do you want to drink.
4	I'm starting to get kind of burnt out on the Asian buffets around town, but if I'm going to go to one, this is my pick.  The facility is a bit worn down, but the selection is incredible and it's a great bang for your buck if you're hungry or watching your budget.You know that restaurant that serves ONE plate of fried shrimp and french fries for $11.99?  Pay less than that here for lunch and get bottomless shrimp and fries plus anything else you want, as much as you want.  From Pizza slices to sushi, it's all here. Yes, it's greasy, but you'll leave full.  Do it.  You know you want to. . .
1	DISGUSTING!!! I can't even believe there are actually people who have given this place more then one star. I would give it zero stars if I could.My boyfriend and I decided to try it. Whenever we have chinese we always go to Hong Kong Gourmet Buffet in Ahwatukee because its very good! Arizona is a hard place to find decent chinese food but we decided to take a risk and we lost!After paying, we were seated and the table was filthy. There was actually food splattered on the short wall that divded the booths. We went to find plates and there were none. We stood around for about 5 or 7 minutes until someone brought a few out. After walking around I could only find 3 or 4 things that looked decently edible. There really wasn't much to choose from and I was distracted by the dirty floors, walls, and food stations, that I couldn't really think about anything else.When we sat to eat I took one bite and nearly spit my food out. It was absolutely rancid! I washed my mouth out with my soda and watched my boyfriend make faces at his plate while pushing his food around with his fork.  I glanced down and there was a thick black hair laying across the table. I'd had enough! We got up and demanded our money back. They tried to say we ate everyhing on our plates and I had to explain that our plates were not full because we didn't fill our plates up to begin with! Then they tried to keep the money for the sodas. I pointed out that they were full glasses of soda sitting there and I want ALL my money back. After telling the lady I wasn't leaving without my money, I finally got my full amount back. We left and went to Chompies in Chandler for some delicious food in a clean atmosphere.If you want some pretty good chinese that's buffet style, try Hong Kong Gourmet Buffet in Ahwatukee. It's off of Chandler Blvd just east of 48th Street.  Seriously this place has tons to choose from, its tasty, has great service, and very clean. This is where we always go and where we should have gone that night.
3	After a little over two years I finally circled back around to this Buffet, & enjoyed lunch here today with Robyn N.  Nothing has changed much from last time, & there were 91 food items out plus sauces & dressings.  They had a good variety of tasty Sushi, the Fried Rice was above average & everything else I had was good as well.There were eight flavors of real ice cream (Yeah!), but unfortunately it was hard as as a rock, & the ice cream scoops were just sitting out in the tiny sink built for them, but with ice cream just sitting in them to sour since the water valve was turned off.  With that said I think this is still a good place here & holding its own in a shopping center with THREE Buffets (!!).  Also, the place does have some miles on it despite a modest remodel a couple of years ago but I've never had a bad lunch here in numerous visits & I do expect to return.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $7.59/$6.83 Sr.
3	My experiance here was.... ok.  The only reason it is rated 3 stars was the outstanding service, and selection of food.  The food is good, and they have a great selection of seafood availalbe.  My only issue was that the food was luke-warm to say the least.  The price was great and included drink ($9.99 adult) with their online coupon it made it even better.Food: 3 starsService: 5 starsOverall: 4If the food was at least hot, i would have rated higher.  overall, great experiance, loved the fact they were playing Monday Night Football! :)
1	Wow...I cannot believe the number of times I drove by without noticing this restaurant in the strip mall.  Today, I noticed.  In reading the reviews for China Town Buffet after my visit, I must echo the sentiment that I took a risk and lost.First strike came on my arrival at 3:30 PM.  The menu lists prices by age and time.  Though the restaurant does not close between 3:30 and 4 PM,  there is no price listed for this time.  The register person asked me for $11.49 when I stepped up.  I pointed out the menu and my watch, that the time was 3:30 PM and there was no consideration for 3:30-4 PM.  He advised that because the dinner menu was far superior to the lunch menu, and they had already started to change from lunch to dinner menu, my charge would reflect the dinner menu price.I asked for a menu, to compare the difference between lunch and dinner; the register person replied that as it was a buffet, no menus were available.  Pursuing the topic, I asked how to know the dinner menu was superior to the lunch menu.  Register dude replied that everything on the buffet would be replaced fresh...that was one major benefit.  He could not name any item differences, only that the whole thing would be fresh again at 4 PM.The restaurant is a bit worn down...tho no springs are showing through the upholstery.  I figured since I was at changeover time between lunch and dinner, and had been advised that the dinner menu was far superior to the lunch menu, I could wait until everything had been replaced (4 PM), so I enjoyed some water while I perused email and news and got caught up on all the electronic communication I could.   The table was wiped, though the salt and pepper shakers and napkin holder were a little sticky and apparently have not have been cleaned in a long time. 4 PM, when the dinner presentation should have been new, I went to the buffet, picked up a plate and made myself available to the offerings.  California roll looked OK, though old as the avocado had turned black.  Other offerings on the sushi tray were not quite so attractive; shrimp and fish starting to dry.  At the hot buffet, Lo Mein was new (I saw it loaded into the steam tray) and had a pool of grease in the bottom of the pan.  Some other items were full containers (not sure if new, but full), while others were obviously hangers on from the lunch setting, being half or more empty with dry contents.Service guy would show up about every 5 minutes, stir stuff that was in less than full containers, pick up empty containers and put full containers into place.  I asked him when the dinner service would be ready.  He replied "No English".  I took my Lo Mein and California roll back to the table.  Heat for Lo Mein on arrival at the table was lukewarm.  Plenty of celery, plenty of soy (not fish) sauce, some cabbage and carrot, nothing noteworthy.  The California Roll...eeh...adequate view, poor preparation, strike two on the event.  There was mayonnaise in the rice, the carrot was shredded, not chopped, the avocado was black as it sat.  Wasabi was probably not fresh, certainly not hot.On working through the California Roll and Lo Mein, I kept an eye on the hot bar, waiting for the 4 PM start (it's 4:15 PM at this point).  In my wait, I took the opportunity to go to the restroom.  While the dirt is not ground in, the bathroom should have been maintained sometime between opening and now, as the soap scum on and around the sink, the full trash container and the toilet paper on the floor do not inspire confidence in the running of the establishment.  Returning from the restroom, I saw that the General Tso chicken has been replaced, tho nothing else of interest.  Picking up a new plate, I went back through the line behind a husband, wife and 10-year old (my guess...he was over 4 ft tall).  Watching Mum and Dad work their way down the buffet was unremarkable.  Watching Junior using his fingers and fork to sample any item that looked interesting, including General Tso Chicken, so sorry...not gonna follow after for 'sampled' food.I returned to the table...picked up my cellphone and promptly left the restaurant.  There was no way I could continue.  EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
1	I have been here many times. Sadly, they would have a better review years ago. Although it may not have been the most outstanding place on the outside, they had good food inside and always a crowd. Now after many 'Under New Management' changes it appears as if the new management does not care about even former loyal customers. Our last visit saw a full parking lot. As we came nearer to CB there was hardly anyone inside. I could count six customers who looked at us with pity as we entered and approximately ten friends of the owner towards the back of the restaurant.Service was slow even though there were only a few of us and the major complaint - hardly any food. THIS WAS NOT A SURPRISE. On two previous occasions, we came to CB only to find that they would not refill their hot trays with food. Some were even empty. If you asked the hostess about when an item would be coming out she would direct you to another to try - 'try this instead' ploy. If you pressured her she would eventually call to the kitchen to bring out what you wanted. Or she would ask what do you want and then have someone to bring it out. She compliments these tasks with plenty of loud attitude.CB has plenty of coupons each month to draw you to the restaurant. But even a coupon, discount, or "under a newer management" ploy couldn't lead us back. Shockingly, I opened one of the fortune cookie, that the server gave me at the end of our visit, and it read "Don't come back here!" I just about fell out my seat. No, that's not true - but that's certainly the way we feel. Goodbye Chinatown. P.S. We were the last to leave on a Friday at 8:30pm. They normally close at 10pm. The hostess was trying to explain to a customer who was waiting for more food to come out why there was hardly anyone in there. She blamed it on the Final Four basketball game. From the above, I disagree, but from all indications CB knows how to serve a 'personal foul'.
2	Mediocre food . The area by the soda dispenser had a weird smell .
1	Food was cold, it was bland and I would never go here again. The only thing that tasted good was the sprite I drank
3	This is a fair value- actually very fair. For $9.99 on a week night, adults can choose from about 30 hot items, and around15 cold, plus a selection of maybe 8-10 sushis.I'm a seafood fan, so I love that on a Tuesday night they had steamed Snow Crab legs, chilled oysters, shrimp, and mussels, shrimp ceviche, and steamed clams. These items are normally reserved for the weekend-premium prices- I was pleasantly surprised.I dined with a five year old, and he enjoyed it as well. Lots of fresh fruit, green beans, and of course, for the little ones, white rice and teriyaki chicken.For dessert, I saw the standard sweet peanuts and elephant ear cookies, but what stood out to me was the ice cream. Most buffets now have ice cream that's usually in a slide top merchandizer with that questionable scooper. Not here! They have eight flavors to choose from, and when you slide open the little door, you see prepacked and sealed scoops of the various flavors. What a nice surprise. No scooper of doom here!They proudly serve Coca Cola products and that is included in your bill. Are some of the items a little less than flavorful? Sure. But for the price, convenience, and selection, I'd be hard pressed to find a better deal.Will probably return again. Not a bad experience at all.
4	Good for the price, they were accommodating and polite- food was hot and tastes good. I will be coming back.
4	My review is for the Chinese Hot Pot only. It's the only reason to come here. We had the hot pot buffet for the first time last Friday, 4/18/2014, and came back again for hot pot tonight. It's funny because hot pot isn't advertised ANYWHERE for this place. It's not mentioned on their website and it's not even listed on the pricing board above the cash register. The only way to know about it is if you read the Chinese newspaper (or like me, know someone who reads it). Hot pot buffet is available Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights for $15/person. It includes drink and the regular buffet as well. I think you need to have at least two people for a pot though. You can get the dual pot to divide spicy and non-spicy broth. When we went last Friday it got really busy in the hot pot area (in the back of the restaurant) and filled up with groups of Chinese patrons (all speaking Chinese). Tonight, not busy at all for hot pot. Only spotted one other party having hot pot. The hot pot section has fish, clams, snails, mussels, crab, fish balls, beef balls w/tendon, tofu, shiitake mushrooms, enoki mushrooms, button mushrooms, frog legs, gizzards, chrysanthemum, napa cabbage, spinach, romaine lettuce, bean curd, seaweed, beef, lamb, udon noodles, vermicelli, and various ingredients to prepare your sauce as well. I'm sure there's other things I've forgotten to mention but you get the point. I am disappointed that there isn't any pork though. Service is pretty typical for a Chinese buffet so I don't even factor that into the review. I think the hot pot buffet is great for the price and will definitely be back, especially since there isn't anywhere else to get hot pot (Volcano buffet is closed now).
4	I've been coming here for several years and the owners are very friendly.  Overall the food is good and they have oysters, crab legs, mussels and over seafood every evening.  Prices aren't bad either.... around $7.99 for lunch and $9.99 for dinner..it's a pretty good deal.  They also have a bonus card that entitles you to a free meal after 10 visits.   My only negative is I wish they would clean a little quicker.  I know this is not their fault because I've seen some of the gross families that come and literally when they leave there is food on the chairs, wall, table and floor...personally I'd kick these pigs out but I'm sure they'd complain and call it discrimination.  I think the staff tries their best to keep up but it still shows.  Overall a good place to eat a budget friendly meal.
1	This place was discusting. It was filthy dirty. The walls had finger prints all over them the floor had old food on it, the ceiling was falling down and even the fish tank had food finger prints all over it.. I told the lady I had a coupon and she yelled at me to pay later. She proceeded to watch my husband and I eat the hike time. Maybe instead of watching us eat grab a rag and start wiping down everything. So so so gross.
3	Food: There are three main stations: Hotpot, Sushi, and the common buffet station. The hotpot is good, although I wish they would rinse and clean the frozen meats that came from boxes. There isn't a variety of sushi at the bar, but good amount to satisfy your cravings. The buffet station does not have much to choose from, but again, enough to satisfy your craving for Chinese foods.Service: The waiter was very hard-working, although he didn't get us the drinks until we went to get it ourselves. He was the only good server we saw. We specifically came here for the Hotpot.
