4	My inner fat girl loves this place... Heck, who am I kidding? My outer fat girl loves this place too! Sweet Daddy's just expanded to this Chandler location on last week and it's off to a pretty promising start. I tried the Red Velvet and Banana Cream Cupcakes. The Red Velvet was solid, very moist with a sweet cream cheese frosting. However, I was blown away by the Banana Cream, it had actual pieces of banana in the cake! The light yellow cake was sooo moist and full and flavor, this cupcake would make any banana lover proud! The cupcakes are nice in size (slightly smaller than a Costco muffin) and cost a little over $3 each. I will surely be back to try the rest soon. (Ironically, it's located next door to a dentist in the Wal-Mart Shopping center.)
1	Come on guys, really? I actually just finished this cupcake that I was really excited to try and I am glad to say that at least I didn't buy more than one. That was the sorriest excuse for a cupcake I have ever experienced. Well, probably not EVER ever, but at least in a long time. I had no idea this place existed until two days ago, even though my gym is in the same complex. I saw a friend post pictures of cupcakes on facebook and stalked until someone asked where she got them. Upon finding out, I went to look them up and convinced my husband we needed to try them. After the amazing experience I have had at Mind Over Batter in Tempe, I wasn't expecting what I got today.We walk in and the first thing we see, and I should have taken this as a bad sign, are three very large, old women buying dozens of cupcakes. Apparently they have two different sizes, large and standard, and when one of these large old women asked why in the world anyone would ever want a standard sized cupcake, my husband commented to me "because of obesity." I still laugh about his comment. These cupcakes are larger than necessary and I am sure loved by all those overweight, but they should have the standard size out for those of us who don't feel like eating 5 1/2 oz of cupcake in a single sitting. I ordered the strawberry cupcake because that is what I base every cake company on, and my husband ordered the fox 10 cupcake. The whole time workers kept trying to give us forks even though twice I told them I didn't want one. Were they trying to tell me something? I don't know. They also didn't seem very friendly at all. The credit card machine also takes FOREVER! We drive down to my husbands school where we were heading and start to dig in. The frosting is SO gritty. It is also covered in glitter, which I didn't find appealing. And why the hell is there so much of it?? I scraped off all of the frosting and just ate the cake, which was also just as bad. I didn't try my husbands cake, which was chocolate, but mine was weird and tasted a lot like kool-aid or fruit punch, or something. I have never had a strawberry cupcake taste so artificial. Oh wait, yes I have. Its called a box mix. It tasted just like it came out of a box. There were red chunks of something in my cake batter. Not sure what the hell those were. Gummies? Not real strawberries that's for sure. What a waste of $7. Please, for God sakes. Hit up Mind Over Batter in Tempe if you want a really good cupcake. This place does not deliver at all.
2	The good: the cupcakes! We got a four-pack of, I believe, red velvet, pink champagne, smores, and the peanut butter chocolate one. They were all good, though I'm not sure what the pink champagne was supposed to taste like - it was a little odd, but you know, it's a cupcake. So I ate it. They're moist, the frosting is good, and that's what matters. The not-so good: when we went in there were a few people there, not sure if they were the owners or their employees (they looked to be in their mid twenties or so) and they were all kinda.. rude. They just gave us this dead stare and seemed really impatient with us, even though we came in at a dead as hell time (monday afternoon, pre-lunch, since we were out). It just seemed like they wanted us to get OUT asap. After trying a few more flavors, the orange creamsicle and strawberry cupcakes taste really artificial and have a heavy chemical smell - ick.On the chalkboard it said, "Can't say anything about customer service, but the cupcakes are good!" and I feel as though that sums this place up perfectly.
2	not impressed.I'll be brief-  went in to get a few cupcakes for a very sweet-tooth prego friend of mine.  I was the only customer there and was speaking to her on the phone describing the cupcakes- the guys who were there seemed impatient, which I can understand if there was a line out the door but they had 3 hours left till close and not one other customer in the store. I found out that one of the guys there was the owner and had been there since early in the morn- i get it you're tired, but if you want my repeat business, it'd be great if you smiled when I was purchasing something. The cupcakes:  we tried two cupcakes- redvelvet & caramel apple.  The red velvet was pretty terrible, I got it because my bestie loves red velvet but it just tasted like food coloring to me and she agreed. the frosting was pretty good, and my niece licked all of that off.   the caramel apple cake was my fav- it was moist and delish, but the frosting was way too sweet and too much for both our tastes- again my niece loved the frosting and licked it off. So there were aspects we enjoyed, but on the whole both cakes were a mess.  I haven't entirely written them off, but seriously doubt I'll be back anytime soon.  and yes, this was me being brief.
5	This really is as good as it gets.We had the privilege of watching the owner make the cupcakes right before our eyes, and gosh did they look delicious. With what seemed like 20 styles/flavors, we ordered a dozen, each a different flavor. Not even the carrot cake or machiato flavors, two which I wouldn't expect to be good, did not fail to satisfy and impress.My favorite flavors were caramel apple and oreo, but that is difficult to make a sound judgement because of how delicious they all were.The owner was very nice and personable, even funny, and you could tell why he was able to build this establishment as his retirement at the young age of 34! He clearly loves what he does.I plan to visit tomorrow, in 4 days, or both!
5	I will admit that I was a little hesitant to try this place after reading the reviews but my sweet tooth took over! I felt compelled to write this review because my experience was very different than what others have written about. I found the workers to be extremely friendly, upbeat and helpful. I stopped in around 10:30am and even though the door said their hours are 11am-8pm, they welcomed me in early with a smile! I was impressed with the wide variety of flavors and all of the cupcakes were beautiful. This is not your run of the mill cupcake shop! I decided on the red velvet and the Fox 10 (which turned out to be a chocolate cupcake with cookie dough frosting). Both were very moist and had nice flavor...not overly sweet, just right! I will recommend this place to my friends and will be back often. Its great to have a place like this nearby and not to have to drive to Scottsdale!
5	I was looking for a cupcake bakery and came across this one on Yelp and the web. I checked out another bakery before coming this one. I was very in "ahh" of their cupcake case, I think I heard the "ahh" music & everything. It was completely full of many amazing flavors. Also their cupcakes are larger than other bakeries cupcakes. Yet they are the same price. That made me feel like I was already getting more for my $. So I had a hard time picking out the ones for us to try. The lady that helped us was very sweet and helpful. She was patient with me while I studied & debated my cupcake choices. I got an Doohahh 4 my daughter & she loved it. Then a Cory's Fox 10 Fantasy, a S'mores and a Triple Chocolate cupcake. They were all good but the Triple Chocolate was absolute heaven & I heard the "ahh" music again! I refused to share it with my hubby & he continues to complain about that. We are definitely going back really soon & I'm thinking of asking if I can be their taste tester cause I'll be doing it anyways! Either way I'll be happy!! But will need to find a good dentist soon. Enjoy!!
3	So I decided to cheat on my cupcake place (Mind over Batter in Tempe) to try this place out. Mainly because they had more flavors and I wanted to see if they were any good. I got 5 cupcakes to try with my coworkers, orange creamsicle, red velvet, raspberry lemon zest, caramel apple, and triple chocolate. Let me do my review least to most favorites: 5. Red Velvet - How in the dickens do places mess up this flavor? The ONLY and I mean ONLY people I know who can make good red velvet are my cousin in Cali who has her own bakery and the woman who made my wedding cake. (Who I still buy cakes from) 4. Triple Chocolate - I was not as wowed as I thought I was going to be with this one. Was it moist, yes. But it was missing something. You know, that orgasmic feeling you get when you're in need of a man and the only thing that will help take your mind off of being lonely is a good piece of chocolate. Yeah... 3. Raspberry Lemon Zest - Now this one was good, I have to admit it gave my favorite cupcake at MOB some competition. It was moist, had bits of lemon zest in it, and the frosting was airy and not overly sweet. 2. Orange Creamsicle - Hmmmmm this one was good. I think I saw a fairy appear out of thin air and wink at me. It had a nice flavor, nice and dense, and I hugged myself. Nuff said. 1. Caramel Apple - Oh caramel apple how do I love thee, let me count the ways... 1 - your flavor took me back to being at my great grandma's kitchen. 2 - you were moist and had the perfect consistency. 3 - not too much spices, right on the money! 4 - the graham cracker bottom, seriously? Oh My Goodness, there are no words! 5 - The icing and caramel drizzle melted on my tongue like butta! Ugh you are my new love that I shall indulge in at least once a month! Shall I stay loyal to Mind Over Batter? Yes. Do I wish they had more flavors? Yes. Will I cheat on MOB for that luscious, moist, creamy caramel apple cupcake? Hell yes! Don't judge me. I didn't have an issue with the staff like others have. The guy that helped me was rather nice to look at and I loved his hair. Nice light skinned brotha with a nice frame serving me a decadent apple cupcake, yes please!
4	My daughter has a sweet tooth that won't quit.  Cookies, cake, candy, if it has sugar she is drooling over it. I limit her intake as much as I can but once in a while I get her a special treat.  I was in the neighboorhood today and decided to stop in and get a cupcake for desert tonight.  The shop is cute and clean.  You can see through to the back where the cupcakes are being made.  It was mid afternoon and the girl behind the counter was wrist deep in frosting and said she would be right with me.  That gave me time to decide.  Everything looked so yummy.  There was an Oreo cupcake, a lemon one and a peanut butter one that looked heavenly.  I finally decided on the Red Velvet and the Cream Cheese Carrot.  The cupcakes are good sized so half of one would serve for desert but honestly who has that much will power??  My daughter was so excited when I reaveled the treat after dinner.  She took one bite and said it was delicious.  She loved the frosting.  I had the Cream Cheese Carrot and it was wonderful.  Moist and not too sweet.  The cream cheese frosting was creamy too.  Beware if you are not a fan of raisens.  I don't mind them but I know not everyone likes them and this carrot cake has them.  I was able to get just one bit of the Red Velvet cupcake and it was good too.  it was a little dryer than my carrot cake cupcake but it was good too.  So if you're in the neighboorhood and need a sugar high (Calling Duff!)  stop by and they can hook you up.  I know I'll be returning to try the other flavors soon.
4	I finally decided to stop in to the shop to try some cupcakes, after driving by many times. I tried two cupcakes: Caramel Apple & Raspberry Lemon.I found both of these flavors to be heavenly! As I write this I am craving more! The Raspberry Lemon consisted of lemon cake filled with lemon zest, it was light, moist and had perfect lemon flavor. The raspberry buttercream frosting was amazing. So fruity and had bits of raspberry.The Caramel Apple consisted of apple spice cake with a streusel bottom with tasty buttercream frosting topped with a caramel drizzle and a streusel crumble.The day I went in the shop did not have any of the flavors that I wanted to try that I had seen on the shops website. I opted for the above flavors and I was not disappointed. The staff said that they always have the three popular flavors on hand (Red Velvet, Triple Chocolate, Oreo) and the other cupcake flavors change daily. That being said if there is a particular cupcake flavor you would like to try you might want to call ahead. I was greeted when I came in to the shop. However, it did seem a bit strange having three employees staring at me as I tried to decide which cupcakes I wanted to purchase. Each employee asked me random questions, such as, "What are you up to today?" When I replied with not much, the employee replied, "really nothing?!", then the other laughed and said, "eating cupcakes?!" Then as I made my decision on the cupcake flavors which was two, the employee said, "Only two?!? That in particular made me uncomfortable.I really loved the cupcakes I purchased and I will return to try others. However, if I come across conversation like I experienced with the employees again I will have to say something.
2	Not the best, not the worst. The girl behind the counter, does she really like her job? - I think I interrupted her talking with her friend ... When I asked for a strawberry creme , she says loudly 'just 1?' good grief, customer service, anyone?!Taste- eh, tasted like a Walmart cupcake, but bigger. Moist, but hardly any taste.  I'm a frosting person, and I dumped half of it- yeah, that good. I do have to say it was in the fridge for a day- saving it for after my work audit. Good thing I ate it the day before, would have been really disappointed. Would I pay for this again, nope. Tammy Coe has Sweet Daddy's beat by a mile.
4	Came here after paying 3 bucks for a standard size, slightly over cooked cupcake with store bought frosting from MOB. Was impressed with the flavor options and size of the cupcakes. Absolutely love the frosting!! Love the fact that the cupcake is serve red at room temp!! The guys are very customer service oriented. Have referred this place to several of my coworkers and my clients!!
2	So this is the 3rd time I had been here. It was convenient and I'm not a connoisseur of cupcakes so I don't know all the place to go for them. The first time the cupcakes were so moist. Better than I had at other places. Despite the rather abrupt and curt people who worked there I said I would be back. Next time it was ok. Not as good as the first time. A little dry on the chocolate cupcakes I had tried. If my daughter doesn't want it, that's just wrong. Again, not rude but curt and hurried. Brought the girl scout troupe here this time. Since I bought a half dozen to take home and asked that just 2 of the others be put in a separate container the girl behind the counter said she would have to charge me .50 for the box. REALLY? Again I felt they had better things to do then wait on me. I also was the only person in the store. After not so great cupcakes again, bad service and the additional charges I'll find another cupcake place.
1	I don't understand why there are different reviews on the app and different ones on the computer but okay.If you like sugar, sugar and more sugar flavor then you have come to the right place. These are huge cupcakes for 3.25 which I like, with tons of frosting which I also like. However the cakes are missing one important ingredient: moisture and authentic flavor.The red velvet cupcake tastes very artificial and I sincerely doubt there was any cocoa in it. It tasted like artificial flavoring and food coloring. To say it tasted like Duncan Hines is an insult to Duncan Hines. The chocolate cake was the same, lacking moisture and taste. The frosting on the red velvet is supposed to have a rich, creamy cream cheese frosting but the frosting was more like powdered sugar with butter. That's it, just a sugar flavor.The chocolate frosting was the same, no chocolate taste hardly in the frosting, only sugar. I feel terrible we wasted over $7 on cupcakes in this place. Is says, "As seen on Cupcake Wars" on the door and they have other locations in the valley. I am not sure if it is this location only or not but they need to improve. Fresh N' Easy has better cupcakes than this place from the Hermosa Baking Co. and that's sad considering this place specializes in cupcakes and they cannot even get that right.
3	I loved a few of their cupcake flavors, but I was very unhappy when the beautifully decorated box of cupcakes that I chose for my friends b-day party were smashed together and ruined before I even drove away.  If it had happened once it would be disappointing, but both times that I purchased the pretty cupcakes to give to other people, they were all smashed together making it impossible to fix them.  The 2nd time I wanted to make sure they didn't fall over in the cupcake designed box (obviously the designer was not familiar with the weight and massive frosting that would be on this companies cupcakes) but it was already too late before I got to my car, and I ended up covered in frosting trying to pry them apart.  I was planning to serve the cupcakes to guests, but my kids were the only ones that would still eat the massive mess of sugar!
4	I have driven by all the time and just haven't stopped. Well now it is birthday months so I bought 4 which we really liked. Now I will buy some for work friends. Then there are more birthdays. We like them and have had the red velvet, apple caramel and coconut. We want to try them all.
2	They are ok.  Tried to step out of the box.  Got the Banana/Peanut Butter. No good. Cake wasn't fresh.  Only ate half of it.  Will make sure I ask which ones are the freshest. ??  Hope that the other flavors are ok.
3	Not impressed. We got an Oreo, Banana Beanutbutter, pineapple express and Smores. The cupcakes were good, moist but the actual cake was a little flavorless. I expected to be blown away with a $3 cupcake. My wife makes cupcakes at home that are just as good.
4	I have been back a couple of times and have upgraded my opinion of the place. The service is what has impressed me. I wanted a banana peanut butter cupcake, they didn't have it on the shelf that day, so the guy in the back that makes them hears my request and says "I will make you one right now." well he did and It was awsome. Its a great place to take out of town family or friends. I will continue going here for sure.
3	My family loves the cupcakes from this place, but the packaging is horrible.  I purchased 6 cupcakes for Father's day.  I was careful to place the box flat as I drove the 2 blocks home.  When my husband opened up the box his face fell!  I looked in the box and all the cupcakes were in a pile in the center.  Obviously, the nice little cardboard platform with holes designed to keep the cupcakes in place failed miserably.  I actually called the shop and asked to speak to a manager.  I wasn't looking for anything free as I wasn't about to get back in my car and drive back there.  I did want to let them know of my issue so they could fix the problem.  Surprisingly enough, the manager thought it was my problem.  He said that I should have placed the box of cupcakes upright while traveling.  I explained that I had done that, but we were getting nowhere and I was starting to get irritated.  In the end, he said "well, we will take a look at the boxes."  I don't have a lot of faith that that will ever happen.  So, go here for delicious cupcakes, but ask them to be individually packaged so that they get to their destination in one piece!
5	Such a fan of this place, the cupcakes are beautiful and delicious. Only $3.25 for a huge cupcake with tons of frosting - my favorite part! I love that the frosting isn't too sweet and definitely not fake tasting. They have a few different flavors every time I go in. Support local business and give Sweet Daddy a try.
5	Amazing Cupcakes :) Very sweet, extremely sweet, but so pretty and delicious!
5	The Bike shop Global is right next door I bike to stay in shape.... But on my birthday I had to have a sweet and a flat tire soooo I went over and bought a Vanilla Vanilla with a cherry on top. Simply heaven the cake the buttercream so luscious. I have just started a new tradition and will get these for my special occasions. Lovely thanks
3	OK so I did go back. So sue me. My friend wanted to go and we live close. This time however they had a young man at the counter. The owners should never, ever be at the counter again. This young man was a pleasure and a professional. He was attentive and friendly. They should pay him for all the lost customers they themselves have lost and he brings back. This time the cupcakes were great. My only problem is I have never gotten one cupcake home that's not totally decapitated by the terrible boxes. The cupcakes can not go 1 mile without falling over and that is disappointing when you get home. Also, a place to sit would be nice. Note to the owners: we don"t want to sit for an hour, but it would be nice to enjoy the cupcake for 10-15 minutes.  This is a reason I never go to sprinkles. Just one or two seats would be nice.
5	I drove by this place daily to and from work.  Finally decided to check it out!  Big mistake!!  This is one monkey I didn't need on my back!  Their cupcakes are so good!  The Oreo is my favorite!  The Caramel Apple is also very delicious.  To be honest I haven't had any flavor that I didn't like!  Did I mention that they are huge!  Well worth the price!
2	Cupcake Wars, Shmupcake Wars...these cupcakes are too huge and all the butter cream tastes like wax.  I was looking for cupcakes for my 40th birthday party and I'm so glad that I tasted before I ordered.
5	Cupcakes are the new black.  And I've had myself some cupcakes from around this valley.But nothing tops Sweet Daddy.Priced fantastic.A good amount of both cake and frosting - although I must admit that sometimes a little more frosting is what I like.The cake is moist and the frosting is fresh.I have tried and enjoy: Pumpkin Spice (limited to holiday, boo), carrot cake with cream cheese frosting, lemon with vanilla topping, bananas foster of course the red velvet.When I bring these into the office for a special occasion I am the hero.  I should make a cape.
3	I had high hopes for this place.  I know that "gourmet" cupcake places are becoming more popular.  This one was conveniently located for me, so I tried it. I got a variety.  Strawberry, chocolate, and red velvet.  Strawberry was very good.  The red velvet was pretty good.  The chocolate was nothing special (tasted ordinary, and was a bit dry).  We may try them one more time (different selections), but I can't see buying these if they don't "wow" me.  And they didn't.I did like that they were very large.
5	Some days you gotta cheat on eating that healthy diet and you want the best cupcakes. This is where me and my friends went. It was bomb diggity funky fresh. Yeah, first I read some reviews that were bad about this place and I had to see for myself. They're wrong, these cupcakes are amazing.
5	These cupcakes are soooo yummy. I personally think they're better then Sprinkles. My favorite is the Triple Chocolate! The cupcakes are big and I love the variety and the prices are not bad either. Happy it's close to where I live but not too close to where I could get myself into trouble since they are addicting!
5	I'm a cupcake snob and believe MY cupcakes are the best.  But when this lady is tired and not in the mood to bake, she buys her cupcakes!!  I have tried a few other cupcake joints in the valley, but nothing that has really won me over like Sweet Daddy Cucpakes!  Bought a dozen ($32 I believe was the price - not bad) since we were celebrating a friend's birthday.  I purchased almost every flavor they had.  WOW!  They were delicious.  Moist, flavorful and not too much frosting like some places.  The oreo cookie cupcake was AMAZING and not to mention the carrot cake!  The Doodah (white funfetti with sprinkles and white frosting) was good, but a little too sweet for my taste.  I was warned before I bought that kind, but wanted to try it anyway.  I will definitely be back to this place!
5	Ordered 3 dozen on short notice for a work event. They were wonderful to deal with very pleasant did a great job in communicating. Everyone loved them we had about a dozen different flavors and there was no complaints except for how many burpees they would need to do to work off that cupcake.
4	Great cupcakes  just wish lived a little closer so i could have one anytime i wanted one.
5	Awesome, moist, and delicious!!  These cupcakes don't disappoint!!  We have gone to the other location in Mesa (at the mall) and the cupcakes weren't as good.  This location is fabulous.  We tried the "not do thin mint", doodas, take 5, and the Fox 10 cupcakes (chocolate chip cookie dough).  All were moist and had such great flavor!!  Must try these cupcakes!!
5	Hands down my favorite place to buy cupcakes. The cupcakes are so moist an the frosting is absolutely delicious. They are only $3.25 and a really good size compared to other cupcake places I've tried around the valley.The bad: customer service is not the greatest...I feel so uncomfortable trying to choose the flavors when the employees are just staring me down. I would appreciate a smile, how's your day going and can I help you choose instead. Oh well, I can't resist these tasty cupcakes!
4	Moist, fluffy, and loaded with edible glitter!  Sweet Daddy Cupcakes live up to their name... I think I'm getting cavities!  I had seen this gem of a place a few years back when it was still being constructed and I was in the plaza to get some eye contacts.  After switching optometrists, I pretty much forgot about this place until recently.  I have been to their Arrowhead Mall location before so I walked in with a certain amount of expectations.  I got a red velvet cupcake and it was everything I remembered:  Super sweet with lots of cream and edible glitter.  I'm still unsure about the whole concept of edible glitter and I felt like I had a smiley on my face reminiscent of a fusion between The Joker and a Las Vegas showgirl.  After scraping off a good portion of my frosting, the cupcake was perfect.  I don't really care for cupcake joints loading up a ton of frosting on cupcakes.  I know it makes it prettier and more towering but it ends up being too sweet and awkward to eat.  Anyways, Sweet Daddy Cupcakes still delivers a great moist cupcake with a tad bit too much frosting and sugar for this gal but I can't say no to a cupcake.  I definitely wouldn't say no to Sweet Daddy Cupcakes if I'm in the area!
5	These Are the best I work all over and people here in riverside ca was bragging about there cupcakes so I yours took them to so cal and everyone loves your cupcakes . Thanks
5	We had Sweet Daddy Cupcakes make our wedding cupcakes. We brought in beautiful 1920's cupcake toppers and pearl sprinkles. The ladies here were amazing! The day of the wedding they noticed another option that would look even better then what I originally expressed to them. Wow were they right! The cupcakes looked beautiful and tasted amazing! The cupcakes were moist and I could tell they were made that day. They were on time with delivery and I really appreciated them asking me about the change. So glad we did not do a wedding cake and went with Sugar Daddy Cupcakes! I can't express how happy & grateful I am for what a tremendous job they did! I will continue to use them for events in the future and will continue to stop by and eat their yummy cupcakes!
5	Oh man!  Sweet but yummy.  My son,  his girlfriend and I got a 4 pack and cut each in 3rd.  I loved the pumpkin the best.
3	Good cupcakes not amazing. I may be a bit spoiled seeing how my favorite cupcake store in California win cup cake wars 2x's. They are good but I bit too sweet of frosting gives it that artificial flavor. Not original or special flavored. Cupcakes were moist.
3	Ran into this shop and decided to try it out. I got the caramel apple. For how much the price of a cupcake is I would expect the presentation of the cupcake to be a little more appealing.  Anyway the cupcake was good.
5	Amazing cupcakes. Really moist cupcakes and beautifully decorated!! I can't wait to go back and try the other flavors, everything looked wonderful.
4	We LOVE cupcakes...And of course that means we also love to watch Cupcake Wars which this company has been featured on. We are constantly on the hunt for the best cupcakes we can find and by far Sweet Daddy is the best we have had to date. We have NEVER been disappointed when we get a cupcake. To date we have tried the Oreo, Carrot cake, Pink Cadillac, Carmel Apple Cinnamon, Red Velvet, Banana Foster, Lemon Vanilla Cream, Lemon Raspberry Zest, and Cookie Dough (as you can tell... That's a crap ton of cupcakes and trips on the treadmill lol). The cupcakes are SO moist and delicious! My favorite by far is the Lemon Raspberry, it hasn't been there in a while so the next would be Carmel Apple. Ranking the lowest of all of these would be the Oreo or cookie dough. You also get a BIG cupcake for only $3 and some change compared to other cupcake places. The cupcakes are also able to sit on the counter for 2 days and still be yummy.
