3	Food was good, but I've seen better. Service was ok, but nothing exceptional. It took almost 1 1/2 hours to get our main dish and it was meat with a salad, and a hamburger with fries... As you can tell it was nothing exceptional that requires super long preparation or long cooking... Not on my favorites list.
5	Last night had gyro (donner) platter, fantastic as always. The pork and lamb has amazing flavor. Huge meal as it comes with fries, Greek salad, rice and bread.  Fantastic value and great as always!
3	The food is good. Service is ok. Today's waitress was really gross... She even spit on me while she was giving me the bill. The place needs a serious facelift, and if you eat the tzaziki your breath will be toxic for days. The chicken gyro salad is very good, just avoid the creamy dressing. It's nasty. All that being said, give it a try. You shouldn't be disappointed.
4	Consistently good. Village Grec has been contaminating the breath of locals for many years now. Delicious gyro, toxic tzaziki, yummy meat. I don't think you'll be disappointed. If I have to complain it would be about some of the waitresses. A couple of them have never seen what polite prompt service should look like.
3	I have been going to this and the original one for the last 30 years. It's been great up until the last time I went where I got food poisoning from the chicken yero. But the first 100's of times has been excellent. Best hero in town. But the service is very poor esp. when you get these grumpy french waitresses who god forbid they crack a smile. Its like they are doing you a favour to eat there!!! Anyway even with the food poisoning I will go back but avoid the chicken for a while. Food 4 StarsService 1 Starso I gave a 3 star, if it was take out I would have given a 4 or even 5 star. Service always sucked there. Get a Greek waitress who knows how to speak greek......or at least english as most customers are greek.
4	Went here 3 times and all 3 times I enjoyed it. Very good doner. I usually go to the other village on Jean Talon which is also amazing but I like the decor of this restaurant better. Keep in mind that they're not the same owner.
