5	I LOVE Target.  They not only give free cookies for children, have a great dollar spot, groceries, and everything else you expect from Target.  I check their clearance sections regularily.  I have found canned apple pie filling for $0.38 a can, luggage normally over $100 for $30, and other deals too numerous to mention.  The after holiday cleance is great as well.  Most Target's mark down the same- so a few days at 50%, then a few more at 75% and then 90%.  Toys go on clearance in July and then again after Christmas.  Most of my children's clothes come from Target.  I never pay more than $3.00 for shirt or pants there.Another tip is in the cafe you can get a popcorn and drink for $1.00.  You can substitute the drink for an icee for 25 cents more. $1.37 with tax.  It is cheaper than getting the icee just by itself.
5	Great Target. You can't beat the clearance items in this store. BBQ for $12.00 a couple of weeks ago. The checkout is never short on cashiers so the wait is rarely longer than  a couple of minutes. LOVE the pharmacy.  I've never waited longer than 10 minutes, even at a busy time. The prices can be 10% - 20% less on some drugs than the corner Walgreen along with a far better staff.  Not a big difference when you have low co-pay insurance but if your retired parents are in the Medicare Donut hole and you're paying full retail, 20% less on a $500 prescription is always appreciated.
4	This is a very nice Super Target.  The grocery area is nice and I can almost always find what I'm looking for at this store.  Why not 5 stars you ask?  Well, I was dissappointed in their pharmacy.  A few weeks ago I tried to fill a prescription here.  I was told to come back in about 20 minutes.  I told them I would look around the store and come back.  I was looking in the store and heard my phone ring/vibrate.  I was not able to answer it in time and no one left a message.  I figured maybe it was a wrong number so I continued shopping.  I went back to the pharmacy about 45 mintues later and was told they could not fill my prescription.  The young man said he called me and I told him I did not get any message.  He said he didn't leave one. Why not??  That is unacceptable to me.  The pharmacist said they had to call the doctor's office to get approval.  Huh?  None of that was true.  I took my prescription to CVS and they filled it and I picked it up the next day!  Moral of the story, don't fill your prescriptions here because the customer service in the pharmacy is sub par at best.  My experience with the rest of the store, on numerous visits, has been just fine.
5	LOVE this Super Target! I ran in to get some mints this morning at 8am, and saw a HUGE, insane DVD sale...really? $3.74?  i walked out with my mints....and 7 DVD's (good movies, not the crappy, never-heard-of-them kind) for $32. Happy Easter to ME! lol
5	Okay, I know, I know. I do love Target, but this is a SuperTarget and I love that even so much more!  I really do wish all Target stores were built as the incredible SuperTarget format rather than the small single entry locations with "p-fresh". I'm glad they beefed up the food section at all the smaller Target stores, but they still pale in comparison to a full SuperTarget!    The "p-fresh" locations don't have a fresh bakery inside with the most amazing and decadent pastries and treats you've ever tasted! They also don't have a fresh service deli with the most tender and flat out best crispy chicken you've ever found, and they also don't have rows and rows of fresh deli sandwiches and perfectly placed produce. I also like how these locations all have the straight checklanes with the two entrances as opposed to the stacked checklanes at regular Targets.   If you haven't yet been to a SuperTarget yet, then I seriously suggest you take a peek and see what it's all about, because it really is something special. The prices on food are seriously low AND they price match any local ad if you do happen to find something cheaper. I wouldn't quite go so far as to say this is the best grocery store in town seeing as I still haven't been to AJ's and Sprouts which I hear locals rave about, but I will at least say it is hands down the best all around of the chain grocery stores. And please don't even make me say it, but if there is a SuperTarget right across the street from a Will-you-just-shoot-me-in-the-head-now-Mart Supercenter, then why would you even consider going into that filthy death trap. Lower prices, clean floors and sanity are waiting to greet you across the street!    I don't have SuperTarget where I'm from (Las Vegas), so I beg of you to not take for granted what we do have here! I make my wife drive 16 miles with me just to do our full grocery shop trip here and it truely is worth it! Don't forget the 5% off you get also with your REDcard! NO, I don't work for Target marketing, I just love saving money and shopping in a fun neon-filled store whwere everyone is friendly and I can leave with tasty things :-)   SuperTarget! Just look for the green script with the green dash under the word and you'll know you're home!
4	This SuperTarger just like every other SuperTarget I have ever been to is great!!! Target has always been the far superior big box retailer every since it opened years ago, but SuperTarget is the most awesome ever.Great quality produce and fully stocked grocery isles with tasty store exclusive brands! The prices are quite competitive and Target will let you use a store coupon & a manufacturers coupon on each item that you purchase!! Stack those coupons and you have yourself some good deals!The only thing I have noticed about this location is that they never seem to have a great clearance. Perhaps I have been spoiled by the Target in Fountain Hills or perhaps the one of Gilbert & Germann with the BEST TARGET CLEARANCE AROUND!!All in all this store is awesome, they seem to have a great selection of everything and each department size seems to be very well rounded. No doubt there isn't much you couldn't find here in a pinch!
5	What a great store...just picked up some steaks an they had all the trimmings! Always a great stop for supplies.
4	Always preferred over Walmart based on customer service, lack of wild crowds and store layout. Great deli counter, great meat, organic chicken, frozen foods, clothing, electronics. You name it, they have it. Although not as inexpensive as Walmart (or even other SuperTargets, not sure what that is all about taxes for certain cities) the staff is always willing to help and AMAZINGLY knows where stuff is, MAGIC!
5	This Target is fabulous! The Starbucks inside is also incredible. I had the best service EVER at a Starbucks tonight at this Target. This is one of the Target stores that is at the top of my list :)The clearance sections are unbeatable.Oh yes, don't forget to go on www.target.com and then click the Weekly Ad link. Then click the Coupons link and print coupons. Most of the coupons on their site are Target Coupons so that means you can pair a Manufacturer's coupon with the Target Coupons and save extra! I save at least $20 each and every time on various items. Shop smart folks, shop Target with coupons.
4	Love to grab a coffee at the Starbucks inside this Target and stroll the store.  It's a SuperTarget, so there is a full grocery store in addition to all the normal stuff you find at Target.  While I don't normally do full grocery runs here, it is nice to be able to pick up a few food items when I'm shopping for toys, books, clothes, baby items, etc.
4	Targets are usually pretty clean, this one has a Starbucks in it so that's a plus. They aren't the best priced in the spectrum of pricing but when you are looking for target exclusives you just can't go anywhere else.
4	By far the nicest Target I have ever shopped at.  Very clean and well stocked, freshest grocery section.  Very friendly staff though only major issue is that they are SOOOOO slow!  When checking out no matter how much the person in front of me has or how little I have, it's the longest process of the entire trip no matter how much shopping I needed.  Please have the staff at checkout step it up and speed us all along.  The friendly chit chat is great but it doesn't need to last 10 minutes while buying $15 of items.  Also, self checkout would be a god send.  Some of us just prefer a quick in/out for a few items and self checkout makes life so much easier.
