4	Absolutely incredible Hampton. Stayed here for a wedding at Ashley Manor which is nearby. Nicest Hampton I have ever stayed at. (And I have stayed at a lot) Service was outstanding! They knew who I was as I walked in. Ok, so how do they do that? Eric at the Desk and Gloria at Breakfast are like long lost relatives. The bed was to die for. I  really wanted to take that white down comforter home with me.( Only kidding Hampton-lol) but really where can I get one for my house?  The bed was super comfy and the room is nice. Here is how I know this is a top notch place. The electricity went out while I was there because of construction on Price/101. No one seemed upset, the guests were not screaming or angry, and everyone handled it smoothly and calmly. That tells me this is a fine establishment with a reputation for good customer service. Sure enough, the lights came back on and everything was great.Gloria went around to all the tables  checking on everyone and reassuring them during and even after delivering the food that was in the toaster, waffle iron, etc. Way to go Gloria! They have a free shuttle so that's a nice added bonus for wedding guests at the Ashley Manor or super shoppers at Chandler Mall. I want to go back and have a staycation immediately. Oh BTW, the Homewood Suites in the same parking lot is gorgeous too if you need a suite hotel. Happy vacationing.
5	The finest Hampton Inn we've ever been to. Right from the start, the staff was super friendly. The suite where we lived for the next 3 days was awesome. It was as big as a two bedroom apartment and was nicely appointed. Everything was new and shiny and the beds were very comfortable. The pool was great, with lots of covered space to keep out of direct sun, if you choose. (note that the sun only hits the pool until around early afternoon, as it's on the east side of the building, ground level). Breakfast was excellent each day. The location was exceptional, with easy access to the 101 and 202 and a very short drive to Chandler Fashion Center, where you'll find lots of restaurants and entertainment. My only complaint was that PayPal next store used their meeting rooms for new employee classes and one night the entire parking lot was full. But I imagine that was an anomaly so I won't let it detract from the perfect score I'm giving.This place is at the very top of my list for return trips.
5	Props to this Hampton Inn - and it's GREEN!!Beautiful hotel (and it's rather new), close to Fashion Center, well-appointed rooms...Oh heck I could go on and on, but here's what impressed ME: - 30"+ (didn't have a measuring tape sorry) flat screen TV - nice. - Laptop tray complete with cushion, TV remote, and TV guide. - Moisturizer.  I'm so tired of staying at places in Arizona that don't provide moisturizer.  Hello, DESERT?!? - Friendly staff: My shower didn't have the hottest water, so I mentioned it to the front desk.  The manager popped right out and apologized, and said he would go check the boiler room immediately....and he did. - Non-choking rooms.  Enough said. - Manager's social/happy hour Tuesday and Wednesday nights (two free drinks each night...haaaaaayyy!) - Comfy sheets, and pillows (and LOTS of 'em) - Cool alarm clock with Nature sounds, and preprogrammed music genres (that's just plain cool)The next time you're in Chandler, stay here.  It's absolutely the nicest, cleanest Hampton Inn I've ever stayed.
4	Nice hotel.  Got upgraded thanks to Hilton honors to a studio suite.  The room was nice but my complaint was the oversized room still only had 1 air conditioner.  In august Arizona is warm...okay hot... and the AC only had trouble cooling the room down.  Otherwise a very nice hotel with great rates.
5	Nice. New. Clean. Comfy. Friendly.Most importantly, it has all of my fave tv stations: E!, Bravo, HGTV, MTV, and, of course my most favorite, Disney!I've stayed at all of the other Hilton and Marriott hotel  brands in this area and none of them carry ALL of these channels. One of them doesn't even have the Disney channel! THE Disney channel...Um, how do you NOT have the Disney channel?! Do they not realize that that's how us mature, grown ups like to fall asleep???Recommended!
4	Service is good and they have a managers special during the week that's nice.  The manager seems to really like her job.  The people who clean the rooms are #1 and Ashley at the front desk.
4	Very clean and the staff is super friendly.
4	Clean and comfortable.What to Know:-It says Chandler Fashion Center, but it is a few minute drive away from the mall. So you might need a shuttle, because I wouldn't want to walk to the mall from the hotel.-The rooms and clean and comfortable-Free wi-fi-The breakfast area is clean and has a variety of morning options. I was there for 2 days and there were different hot items each day. Not just your usual scrambled eggs, bacon & potatoes.
5	This is a nifty new Hampton Inn.  It has the unique quality of being close to a lot (for the east valley Phoenix metro area) but feeling like it is in the middle of nowhere.Friendly staff and very convenient to the southeast valley of the Phoenix metro area.Hampton Inns are just more consistent than many other chains...and I like the @HHonors program.  They have some nifty vacation places when I'm not traveling for business.Clean, comfy, modern, convenient...'nuf said.
5	Loved my stay at this great hotel! It looks brand new so you can tell it was recently built. Knowing that it's a new hotel, you can assume you'll get clean beds, rooms, and bathrooms and you'd be correct! We had a microwave and a refrigerator in our room, which was awesome! Beds were clean and comfortable. Wi-fi was sometimes kind of slow but it wasn't too much of a bother for me personally. Breakfast was included with our stay and it was great! All the basic breakfast stuff is there and the breakfast area/lounge is beautiful. Complimentary coffee, cookies, popcorn, fruit, water can be found at the front desk area. There's a business center which you can use for printing, a gym, pool, and meeting rooms. The hotel is a bit secluded which I really liked, it's a really nice area around the hotel as well. Can't recommend this place enough! We got a great deal through Hotwire and were paying $67/night which we thought was a steal because this place is great!
3	This place is in an industrial park, there are NO views to speak of so do not believe their ads.  The prices are good and it is centrally located, but you will need a car to stay here.Their staff decided NOT to clean our room on day 3 and their "free" breakfast is worth missing.  Just don't do it, my stomach suffered the rest of the day when I made the mistake of eating there.Staff is VERY nice, but they do not follow through with their words.  For example, being told we would be credited for one night since their staff did not clean our room and then reneging.  Also their suites are still one big room, so if you expect a seperate bedroom DON'T
5	Reserved a block of rooms for our wedding in October for all of the out-of-town family, and Vicki and Savannah were on the money with everything. The rooms were all great and they gave us a free one for my husband and I on our wedding night. We also reserved a conference room for a brunch the next morning, and they were totally fine when we ended up having way more people than I thought show up for it. Their lobby is comfortable and not overly modern in the weird way hotels are getting, and we spent a few nights hanging out and drinking wine during the weekend. They did everything wonderfully and the organization for our giant group went smooth. Very thankful for that.
5	Stayed there 5 days and more and more impressed each day. Super friendly and the staff was calling me by my first name on my first day.... Nice touch. Very clean, great breakfast and awesome staff. I will be back!!
4	Hampton Inn was a pleasant surprise.I've never stayed at a Hampton Inn before and wasn't sure what to expect. When booking business travel to Arizona, it was the least expensive so It's the one I went with.The hotel is about 20 mins from the airport. The hotel does not have a shuttle (I asked for a pick up) so be prepared for a $45 can ride. The hotel is attractive on the outside and nicely appointed. Very comfortable bed with nice bedding. The lobby and staff were great too. They made water and apples (green and red) available when we checked in. That was nice. If travel takes you to Phoenix consider staying at the Hampton Inn.
5	Immaculate, super clean and modern room, and probably the most diverse free hotel breakfast I've had. They have Asian options (miso and clear soups, Japanese pickles, dried seaweed, rice), as well as an impressive choice of traditional continental (waffle makers with a ton of difference syrups, sausage and cheese scrambled eggs, cereals, lots of fresh fruits, yogurts, pastries, juices, etc). The price was very reasonable too--I've paid a lot more in the past for a lot less. It is a few miles off the interstate in a technological/business section of town, but totally worth the short drive.
5	I recently went on a business trip for training and stayed here. I loved it the employees are so pleasent and always nice. They always are very helpful. They have a little store within the hotel which was really helpful since I landed so late in the night and didn't want to stop for food after. Also its in a great locoation not to far from shopping centers. They also have a shuttle that will take you five miles away. The hotel is very clean.  Breakfest is also great, lots of options. I stayed here for a week for my trip and I will go back to this hotel next time for sure! Also love the Pool !
4	As a frequent business traveler to Los Angeles, freeway acess is very important. That makes this location in West AZ. an excellent base for getting around the city. The staff is very friendly and helpful-especially Edith and Lesley at the front desk.
