5	I have been getting my hair done here for over two years. My hair stylist is Lonnie. I love how nice everyone is that works there and how many compliments I always get on my hair. I have crazy curly hair. From straightening it, it got damaged. My hair has never looked healthier! It has grown A LOT since I first got my hair done there. They arent to expensive as most salons are. If anyone I looking for a great salon go here!
3	I come to this Euphoria for haircuts because LOVE my stylist Carla. Outside of that, this Euphoria is nothing to write home about. The lobby is tiny and the reception staff isnt that friendly or helpful (although they are very nice on the phone). It's almost like your presence is an inconvenience and I can't count the number of times I've felt like I was offending them by interrupting their conversation to check in.Carla is amazing though and I trust her with my hair. She listens to what I want and doesn't try to push any unnecessary changes or treatments on me. She's usually prompt but takes time with each customer-you never feel rushed.
2	This was the 3rd salon I tried out in Vegas after Diva's Studio and Limelight Salon. I came in for a a cut only. The stylist I had was real nice, and at that time had 2 years experience for hair. I asked for a bob cut. I liked she used scissors to cut my thick asian hair. My hair was shorter than I wanted and I wasn't too impressed by how the bob turned out. I wasn't too thrilled I spent $55 for it either. I guess it's worth trying if my friends in the hospitality industry and at my government job were getting nice cuts here...Just not for me.
3	I want to give this place more than three stars but the snotty receptionists are preventing the upgrade. They're just not friendly and I always feel like I'm inconveniencing them every time I check in and check out. Oh, you don't want to be bothered with swiping my card for payment? Ok, I can just leave and have you eat the cost.Carla still continues to be great-cuts my hair exactly how I want it and makes helpful recommendations when my hair needs a little extra boost. I'll still drive out of my way to see her because to be honest I don't trust anyone else with my hair, but never expect to be treated more than an annoyance by the reception staff!
5	Hello everyone out there, if you are looking for new salon to pamper you from head toes, come and check out the new look of Euphoria.
5	After reading reviews posted here I was ready for snobville and aloof customer service. WOW not even close the receptionists and staff were all very friendly and down to earth. I was greeted warmly and promptly upon entering building and had a nice look around. Nice variety of hair and skin care with some sparklies  aka jewelry thrown in my cosmetologist Carla was awesome talented and a great person to talk with and giggle like school girls. Yep I did.giggle . I will definitely be back ... if any wonder just ask for Carla she is awesome.. the other techs/stylists looked proficient and friendly.
5	I get my nails and hair done here all the time. Whether i need my hair and nails done for a photoshoot or i just need a hair trim. This is the place to go! My hair stylest is Pam and Brooke does my nails and i hope they will stay there forever!
4	Yes, this is a nice place to come to get your hair done. Very classy inside since the remodel. I had a horrible facial there! I heard a girl named Valerie is terrific, so I'll ask for her next time. The parking isn't that great though, you are in a large shopping plaza by Smith's, and you just have to find a spot as close as you can. I think the receptionists are friendly, not like the other post. I guess they treat you like you treat them.
4	Paul C is a great colorist and stylist - very glad to found him thru Paul Mitchell school!
5	Absolutely love this place.  I was completely pampered by Katie.  She provides the best service and attention.   I was given many nail art choices and couldn't decide on one so Katie gave me some suggestions and I couldn't be happier with the outcome.  Come here and ask for Katie and you won't be sorry.  She is professional, friendly, and meticulous.
5	Came here with my wife so she can have her nails done. Not only did she do her nails, but went ahead and had a pedicure too.  Our person was named Katie and she was awesome!!! My wife said she felt like a "princess" and asked me to try a pedicure. I tried it and was very impress with her attention to details as she cleaned and made my feet feel great. Granted this is my first time, it was very enjoyable. You must ask for her when you come.
1	I wish I had something positive to say about my hair but I didn't even get a chance to try this place out! I asked the lady at the front if anyone was available for a consultation and after giving me a lackluster "I'll check"...she didn't get back to me for 15 minutes! I walked back up to the counter to ask again and it seemed like she had forgotten. Disappeared to the back and came back after another 10 min, didn't acknowledge me at all so I ask again and still not a yes OR no! I wait even longer while she is checking AGAIN. Nothing. I'm standing in front of you!!! I obviously left....if they can't even figure out how to sit me in a chair in front of a stylist then how can I dare trust whatever stylists they may have???? Pretty disappointed to say the least. It would have been an expensive job, too.
5	I just realized after using yelp to find everything after moving here that I haven't reviewed anyone to help the next person. I'm here to said I LOVE Heather Grider at Euphoria. I came to her with severely damaged hair and she within months got it to beautiful. I'm moving and my heart breaks because she is the best, THE BEST!!Highly recommend her to everyone(my husband loves her too)!!!
5	This is my second time and I absolutely loved it. Katie was awesome. She really spent her time cleaning my cuticles. I was also overwhelmed with all the nails polish selections.
