4	Not to be confused with Fantastic Sam's, Sam's Beauty Salon's store front simply reads, "$8 Haircut." All though you must strategically time your visit to avoid a wait (I've had the best luck when I go during regular office hours or first thing Sunday morning), if you should happen to have to "have a seat," it's well worth it. The entire staff is knowledgeable and caring, and will take their time to give you the result you want.  Though my request seems simple, "Short on the back and sides, trimmed at the neckline, leave some length on top and front, leave the pixie points at ears," you'd be surprised at how often other salons will mess that right up. Or maybe you wouldn't be surprised. We all know how hard it is to get a decent haircut for a decent price. I have never been disappointed by the stylists' abilities at Sam's. Other than the $8 haircut, they offer a full list of salon services, including beard trimming, hi-lights, dying, perming, etc. There's even a girl who seems to specialize in doing mohawks, since every time I've been in, she's been doing one.I like Sam's. I like haircuts for less than ten bucks, and I especially like good haircuts at less then ten bucks. It's a win-win situation here.
5	This place is great! Cash only.  My stylist was Summer, and she was so on point!  She did my bangs the way I was hoping and cleaned up my layers for me.  Summer knew exactly what I was going for and made it happen. $8 is such a steal! She was nice enough to do my hair even though she was supposed to be done for the day b/c she saw me waiting.  On top of that she was nice enough to listen to my drama!  I had such a fun time=)
1	This one one of the single worst experiences in a salon in my LIFE !!!this place came highly recommended to me from a friend.. i didn't act on the recommendation for awhile, however the last time we went there we encountered a short fat girl/ stylist named Emily. her general disposition towards me and the other guests was rude and mean and her whinny voice was utterly annoying.  I was unfortunate enough to sit in her chair.  the floor wasn't even swept first!  her scissors had hair on them from the last guest.. the station had hair all over it im  sure she first reached for a dirty comb before i stopped her.she proceed to wet my long hair with a water bottle, then when i stopped her and asked for a shampoo she rudely responded "That's $4.00 more."  i agreed to pay and i got the quickest roughest shampoo of my life and it really hurt my neck too...she gave me the worst haircut ever.. a monkey with a blindfold could have done a nicer job.  at least that would have been an enjoyable experience.. and worth the $12.00!
1	its not really worth the $8.00 my stylist was rude, rough with my shampoo
4	I went here based on the yelp reviews and of course the $8 haircuts!  It's pretty straight up.  They don't shampoo your hair and if you just need a trim you're good to pay the $8.  But of course, for an up-charge, you can get  a more stylized look, highlights, or other services.  Since I got a layered cut, I was charged $12.  Again, still a good deal.  I also brought my brother and husband so that we can take advantage of the price.I know, pretty random thing to do since we're not from Vegas but it was worth the risk.  We will probably go get another haircut if we are ever in Vegas again.Make sure to bring cash.  No credit cards.
1	after reading the reviews on here i drove 30 minutes from west vegas to this salon cuz i am too cheap to pay 60 bux for a cut... i had the strangest experience!  after i came signed my name, the girl came to get me barely said hi or looked at me.  i thought she looked adorable and was very excited.  i sat in her chair and told her what i wanted, i said my hair looks like a mushroom (just because it is so grown out)and i want it cut up into an A-line and layered, the back stuff taken off.  i had already washed my hair and didnt put any leave-in conditioner or gel because i read that they dont wash your hair so it looked extra frizzy.  I have gotten this cut for the last ten years from many people and have never had a problem. its a classic cut.  my hair is wavy not super curly or anything.  she said to me "when i am done its still going to look like a mushroom"!! well that really made me not want a cut from her, what a weird strange and bizzare thing to say to me before you cut my hair!  then she said 'your hair is really frizzy, so if i cut your hair into layers its going to get all whispy and fly everywhere and look like a mushroom'.  clearly this young woman knows NOTHING about cutting curly or wavy hair.   i tried to get out of the chair because i no longer wanted her to TOUCH me or my hair and she tried to stop me from getting out, said 'i am just putting the bib on you, honey' all full of attitude like i was an idiot.  i said 'i dont feel comfortable having you cut my hair" as i left, she told me, 'keep smokin that crack'. she really said that! i wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemies!  the only good thing about my experience is that it happened before i got a terrible mushroom shaped cut from her!
5	I go to Sam's all the time because they (Ann) ALWAYS gives me the perfect haircut.  It took me years to find someone that could cut my hair just right.  YES they can get a little busy at times (which adds to their frustration) and a little irritable with the customers.  Give the ladies a break (Nancy) they're giving $8.00 haircuts all day and most often while being short staffed.  I think this is common in all of the service industry.  The ladies all have a great sense of humor.  Most are all mothers and would never hurt anyone.  I can pretty much confirm that since I have been there so many times.   If you want to speed things up you can call them and request to be put on the list.  Saves A LOT of time.  My preferred lady is Ann.  She's been so nice to me and converses with me like she's known me for years.  Please don't let one (or two) bad experiences ruin your overall perception of this little hole in the wall salon.  They're just like the rest of us.  Strike up a conversation with them.  They like that.  And don't forget to tip them.  I am always so satisfied that I tip generously.
4	I've been going here for years and I know a haircut isn't as big of an event for men as it is for women, which is probably why I continue to go to this place. If I do get a bad haircut I usually don't mind it too much because within a week my hair will grow back to it's normal look. I've had family members come out of here upset and as you can see the reviews aren't that great either. However, you just have to go to the right person. You can't beat $8 and when you walk into this place you will notice the price matches the ambiance. There's also a lot of sketchy people and bums walking around this plaza. By all means go to your fancy salon, but if you're trying to save some cash you're in the right place. Enough of the small talk, let's get down to business. I only get my haircut from SUMMER because she is the best one there. And everyone who works there knows that because she gets the most requests out of anyone. She knows exactly what her costumers want and does a fantastic job doing so. Not only does she do great work, but puts the effort into getting to know all her clients. She will make you feel comfortable and you will always want your haircut from her! I know she works Fridays 8:30am- 1pm. And if you need to make an appointment with her just call ahead of time.  If you get your haircut from someone other than Summer, you're on your own.
1	I was with my husband waiting for a hair cut. Two people on list ahead oh him. While we were waiting, a couple come in and ask if anyone speaks spanish and they were told yes. The next cutter available takes the spanish speaking gentleman. I got up and asked her if he was next just because he didn't speak english. I was told yes, because she was the only cutter that spoke spanish and she would be going home soon. She also tried to tell me that he was her regular customer, which I find very hard to believe because if that were true, they would have came in and said they had an appt with her and just not asked out loud if anyone there spoke spanish. I felt we were very disrespected twice, by her taking him ahead of the three people who had been waiting for 20 to 30 min and again by lying about him being a customer of hers.My husband and I left, I am not sure what the other two unhappy customers did. They lost my husband and my son as future customers and anyone I can tell about this experience of disrespect and discrimination to those of us who speak english.Had she had the honesty to ask if we minded her taking him first because she would be leaving soon and given us an approximate wait time, we probably would have agreed. And I might add that I work for tips, and am considered to be a very generous tipper.
3	Usually a good place to go however they hair stylists are there own bosses so they can come and go as they please. I recommend coming here in the mornings because its really busy later in the day.
5	I love this place. Great hairstylists but the one I always choose is summer it because she gets to know you as a person/customer and while she's doing that she is cutting your hair. Don't be alarmed she is really good she is good at Muti tasking an she never maz a mistake although if she did make a mistake she would fix it in a jif. Great place to get a haircut in lv aka las vegas
5	Went there today for the first time and had a good experience.  My stylist was Summer.  Amazing stylist.  Very friendly and personable.   HIGHLY recommend Summer to any and all patriots.
5	My review of the hairstylist place Still same as it was. I would definitely recommend summer if you are in the Las Vegas area and really need a haircut. She's great at doing both male and female haircuts. If you don't pick summer the rest of the staff of haircut stylists can help you out. It's always my favorite spot to go to for my haircut. One thing that's cool about summer is that before she cut your hair a certain way like for instance shorter She will tell you if you recommend depending one how your hair is to not cut it anymore, because it can stick up etc.
5	Very friendly staff. Cheap and affordable. Quite good despite how cheap they are. I recommend coming here. They have around eight different hairstylist here but usually no more then four at a time. I've been coming here for a while and not once have I been disappointed.
1	Read all the good reviews. Total let down. Sat for 40 minutes while one stylist just talked with her friend and ignored the line. Maybe it was just a fluke but I won't be back just based on the customer service and complete disregard for their business.
1	This place isn't customer friendly at all unless you've already been coming for a long time. I called, they don't allow reservations unless your getting color and style. This is no big deal but when I asked what time they closed they gave me the wrong time. I come in sign the sheet and wait about 10min before one lady tells me there closing. I told her I just called and she said no they have appointments and won't take anyone. Instead of telling me this on the phone I waste my time to drive down there. I decided to give it a second try and get my dad's hair cut here and they completely ignore his name on the sign in sheet. Other people are walking in and getting serviced with no wait.
2	I wanted some highlights-touch-up on my roots because I really liked how highlights looks on me. I called that place, made an appointment and was there in less than an hour. I got there 3 mins earlier and they had a promised chair for me right away. Therefore, +2 stars.I got some girl that was covering 3 hours shift for someone else ( I think Angie).I don't think she delivered $60 worth of work. I did not like her attitude either (indifferent). I had highlights done 4-5 months ago in Super Cuts in Henderson and I absolutely loved Brittney's work there. The price was less and I walked out feeling like super woman. I would recommend her over floaters at Sam's.
