3	This place is OK; I go there occasionally. The food comes out way too fast to be cooked-to-order.  Maria Bonita comes standard with your standard Mexican restaurant fare on the menu, as well as the canned Mexican music (although I understand this place has live bands for certain occasions like Cinco de Mayo).  It is clean and has nice decor.  There is upstairs and patio seating, as well as a bar. Maria Bonita is located in the neighborhood shopping center at Rea and Colony, across from Burning Tree.  It is on the Walgreen's end.
3	This is a really charming place, and they take good care of their customers too.  The waitresses are friendly and the decor is really creative.  The patio is very comfortable and is a great place to sit at sunset.  The food can pretty much be found at any Mexican restaurant, but I will say that the shrimp is better than I've had at other Mexican places.  The margaritas are pretty good too, but nothing I haven't had before.
3	We went in for lunch today, and the first thing our waitress says to us after bringing our drink order is, "We can't bring you chips and salsa, because we are out of salsa...and chips."  HUH?!  How in God's name does a Mexican restaurant run out of salsa and chips in the middle of the day?!  We ordered anyway....with great trepidation.I had the combination lunch fajitas.  Jenny had the quesadilla Lupita.  We were both quite pleased.  The food was good.  The portions were big.  The prices were CHEAP!  By the way....they offered to substitute the salsa and chips with queso dip and flour tortillas.  I guess we made out there as well.It's close to the house, yet I somehow often overlook it.  The truth is....it's hard to beat the value proposition....at least for lunch.
3	Good cheap lunch place, standard Mexican food and large portions. Plenty of chips and salsa. Perfect for neighborhood lunch when you want to pig out a bit. If you want something a bit better and you have some Spanish language skills head down to Central Ave. Just pick any of the places with the full parking lots; a few low riders in attendance should be a deciding factor.
2	I visited Maria Bonita last night I read the reviews some good n bad.  But I like to see for myself sometimes, I was disappointed. First  they were not busy when we arrived at all and we had to wait while they cleaned a table. That was okay, we sat upstairs, they told us that they had a big party upstairs and hadnt cleaned up yet!!  They cleaned a table for us and we were the only ones upstairs, through our whole meal they never cleaned any other tables!!!    I had the chicken Quesadilla, Queso dip, my friend ordered a margartia and the chicken Mole.  The margarita had to much salt and had more sweet n sour mix than tequila.  My Quesadilla was okay the sour cream that was suppost to come with it and guacamole was on top of some skippy lettece and some rice.  The chicken Mole was bland with no kick or flavor.  There were no drink specials or special dishes of the day.  As we were waiting for our bill my friend looked over and saw a check laying on the table beside of us of which still hadnt been cleaned gross.  The person had left their credit card we told our server so they could call the person or put it in their safe.  Now how long would that have sat there or what if a dishonest person sat there and took it!!  I was not impressed with Maria Bonita at all, nothing beats Don Pedros so far :)
4	We have tried most of the restaurants reviewed here but keep returning to Maria Bonita - and it's because of the fajitas.  Still have not found any Mexican place that has the seasoning and spices that Maria Bonita has.  Also, the salsa that comes with the chips changes each time we go as it is made on site, and almost all of the time it is fantastic.  Lunch prices are very good compared to the $8 an $9 dishes most South Charlotte places charge.
3	We visited Maria Bonita for the first time last night and thought it was pretty good.  We wanted to redeem a restaurant.com coupon that we bought several months ago, but we didn't realize that a recent deal on Living Social/Groupon would make it so busy!  There was a 15 minute wait, but we decided to skip the table and sit at the bar right away.  We ordered some queso and the brie and walnut quesadillas for appetizers.  I wasn't a fan of either, but I know now that I'm fine with their complimentary chips and salsa...both fresh and yummy!For dinner, I ordered the chicken and steak fajitas, and my husband ordered their "signature dish".  I think it was some sort of beef with a ring of pineapple from a can on top.  Apparently, the kitchen was backed up with a big party (maybe 10 people) upstairs and a full restaurant, so we waited quite a while between our appetizers and when we finally asked to just have our entrees boxed up.  It ended up not being that big of a deal, because we were pretty full from the appetizers.  After trying my fajitas at home, I will definitely be back to Maria Bonita to get some.  However, I think I'll call in my order to go next time.  There was plenty of food, and the flavor was so good.  They're not like most fajitas I've had before; there were tomatoes, zucchini, onions, and peppers all cooked in with the chicken and beef.  My husband's beef was pretty good, but not very impressive.  I would definitely recommend going to Maria Bonita, but don't go when you're in a hurry.  And get the fajitas!!!
3	I have been to Maria Bonita a few times for lunch.  We normally go just before noon and so far haven't had  much of a wait.  The chips are crispy, warm and fresh.  I think the salsa is good - it tastes freshly made and has good flavor.They have a good selection of lunch specials which are a good value. In my opinion,  the quality of food here is very good.   The bright decor and open feel of the space makes it warm and welcoming.
1	Full disclosure, we only came here because we had an entertainment book coupon & wanted to try somewhere new. When you enter, you have to duck under this huge metal staircase that takes up half the restaurant & leads to a small seating area above.  Really bizarre & I'm lucky I'm short because I would have knocked myself out.  After perusing the limited menu I chose ropa vieja, with black beans & fried plantains.  The sauce the meat came in was almost like a bbq sauce & very strange & not very good.  I've had ropa vieja at plenty of cuban restaurants & IN Cuba, I know how it should taste. The only thing I enjoyed were the plantains.  Everything was pretty bland, which I'm not sure is due to the location or what. Also, my biggest issue with the evening was that Grey's Anatomy was on tv in the dining area, so while I was suffering through my shredded beef in red sauce I had to watch a surgery with blood & gore on a tv because it was directly in my line of site, I would have had to look at the floor in order not to look at it.  Gross.  also somehow our meal came out way higher than it should have been, our check should have been under $15 with the coupon & came out over $28.  So sodas are 5 dollars each??  but I was too tired & grossed out to argue.  Needless to say, NEVER going back!
4	This place has good food, an array selection of drinks to choose from margaritas are good, from walking in the door you get a sense of a neighborhood restaurant the servers are nice and efficient, definitely a place to try. The avocado shrimp appetizer is very good and the fajitas are my favorite.
4	I saw the mixed reviews, but I am on a quest  for good Mexican food, so I tried it anyway and was pleasantly surprised. The chips were warm, the salsa was fresh tasting, and there was a chunky vs smooth option. I turned down the offered queso or guacamole and was glad I did, as the menu had them listed at $4-5. My husband got the specialty margarita and it tasted good, though he asked for it frozen and it was a bit chunky (from the sound of the blender, it may be on its way out).  I got the chicken quesadilla and it was no normal saggy tortilla with a wad of cheese - it was over an inch thick, packed with sizzling, well-spiced chicken, roasted veggies, and Mexican cheese. It was warm and comforting. I love refried beans and these were no exception, though they were more of a sauce/liquid consistency than I am used to. I used them to add another flavor to my quesadilla. Husband got one of the more authentic specialties and cleaned his plate before I could try it. It seemed obvious that not many people order dessert - the waitress brought our check before offering dessert. We got the tres leches cake and that was the one part of the meal that did not live up to the rest, as it seemed pretty store-bought and assembled (though still tasty). Overall, it's not our #1 for Mexican, but it was a solid choice and I would go back.
4	Best chili relleno in Charlotte. Love 1/2 price margaritas on Wednesday !
4	I am a huge fan of mole sauce and Maria Bonita did not disappoint. The chips and salsa were above average, and the guacamole was great. The food portion was generous, but the quality of food was superb. The staircase in the middle of the restaurant is definitely awkward, and the bar seems to be more like the management business/paperwork area, making it undesirable to sit there. The waitress was very good and on point. I will definitely be going back!
5	This is my favorite mexican place. The shredded beef is a must... I highly reccomend the ropa vieja w/black beans and plantains. The meat is super tender and has excellent flavor, well seasoned black beans and plantains are nice and crispy and sweet. I love their cheese chili rellano as well, the combo plate is the way to go with cheese chili rellano, shredded beef burrito and chicken taco.. the best of everything. The service is good, they are quick and its a good place to sit and chill. I will say to avoid Sunday lunch unless you have kids and are headed there after church. Went this past sunday and kids were running around like crazy... wasnt very relaxing, there was also a wait.
4	My favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. I love sitting on the patio, enjoying chips and salsa and their drink with vodka and limes. I usually get the ensalada de la casa, just be careful because the dressing is SPICY! I also enjoy the enchiladas a la crema if I'm really hungry. Great neighborhood restaurant.
4	The shrimp and cheese dip appetizer is OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious. As were the Patron margaritas :)
2	Wed: 1/2 price Margaritas.  Thur: 1/2 price bottles of wine.  Sun: $2 domestics.I came here because there was a groupon and it was close to my house.  When walking in there was not a whole lot of seating.  The only place they offered to us was two seat high top next to the stairs.  There was some seating upstairs but it was definately out of the way.  My fiance and I chose to sit at the bar which was comfortable.  However there was no bartender.  The woman that was our waitress did not pay us a lick of attention even when near.  She served me the wrong beer and did not give it a lime.  I had to ask other servers for things a few times.  I was going to ask her for some hot sauce but I felt lucky I got another beer.  Enough about the service lets get to the food. The chips were fresh and the salsa was chunky.  I got a flank steak which was their "house specialty".  The steak was good it was marinated in some tropical fruit and came out quite nice.  The beans were average and the rice was a little dry.  My fiance got a chili rellano.  That was good too.  None of the food was outstanding but I left satisfied with what I ate.The food is about a three and the service was a zero.  I hope we just got a bad server on a busy night.  If there is another groupon I may go back to check out the half price margaritas.  Other than that I have no intention on going back.
3	we went here because of a groupon deal. we had to go twice because we didn't see that the day we chose the first time was excluded (oops). margaritas were good, food was good, portions were large enough to take home for left overs. they have a super delicious dulce de leche cake.they have this cute little upstairs seating area that you get to via spiral staircase. i want to try sitting up there sometime but the location is too far from us to go regularly.
3	Maria Bonita's es muy bueno! We started off a little rough, the hostess seemed to be more worried about how she looked then whether or not we were getting sat but we worked through it.  We sat down and were there for about 15 minutes before any drinks were served and before the chips and salsa made an appearance.  That may not seem like a big deal but in the mexican restaurant food world, it is!  You just grow to expect the heaping pile of chips and salsa to magically appear within moments so you can eat the entire basket, ask for more and fill up completely before your main meal is served.  That's just obvious!  The same hostess was tasked with getting our drink order and that was as far as it went...she took the order but then never appeared again.  Thankfully, a bright-eyed, super friendly server surfaced and he turned the whole experience around!  :)The salsa was on point--so fresh and so clean clean.  Did I just quote part of an Outcast song from 1998, yes, yes I did.  Anyway, I love the fact that the salsa was in a huge bowl.  Normally whoever I am dining with gets in my way when I am dipping my chip but this bowl had room for 4 dippers!  Plus, I didn't feel like a little pig by having to ask for more salsa every 30 seconds because it was used up on the first two chips.."cough cough-Azteka."....anyway, moving on...The other thing I liked about Maria Bonita's is they had huge portions!  I know most mexican restaurants do but this was different.  The burritos were HUGE but packed with all types of goodies...veggies, cheese, beans, meat.  It held up well and had good substance.  The fajitas were good..no broccoli but not just salty onions and peppers so that was good.  They had zucchini, onions, peppers, and mushrooms.  Overall--very satisfying experience.  I would return.  The atmosphere is nice, pretty cozy and not super "loud" like some other local mexican restaurants tend to be.  There was no Mariachi band so that was clutch!The location is a little brutal.  On the way there my husband kept asking what side of town we were on and I couldn't really explain it!  It is just one of those "in the middle of nowhere" type locations...like Quail Hollow.  It isn't on the way to anything really and the shopping center is nice but nothing to write home about.  They did have a couple other bars, shops, etc in the area so you can definitely make a night of it if you want.I'd return!
5	Quality is top notch and love the selection and authenticity. Ask for a side of plantains!
3	I, like Caitlin, am on a hunt for great Mexican food. So, upon arriving, I was a little surprised at the set-up of the restaurant, very strange. Stairs appear upon entering the doors w/ about 10 tables behind it. There was one other table during lunch and the service was a little slow. I was served chips and salsa, chips were fresh & the salsa had a nice kick..one I like. I chose the lunch chicken fajitas, perfect size. The fajitas were sizzling and served with peppers, onions, tomatoes, and zucchini with a plates of rice & beans, guacamole, and sour cream. Everything tasted great, but I missed a little Mexican flavor in the fajitas. Overall, it was good and my check was less than $10.00, great price!
2	Bland I`ve had way better Mexican food. The service sucked but they were nice overall .
3	I was really really hoping to like this place (reviews that start out this way are never good). It is in a great location for us and I do like the shopping center that it's in. But once you walk through the doors you have to be careful not to get a concussion from the low hanging, steel stairs that you must walk under to access the dining room. The prices are reasonable but the food is not. The waitress was very nice and the chips and salsa were very good. I had two tacos and a burrito and they were not good. My wife had chili reano and the enchilada and both were pretty terrible. Our daughter had a steak Quesadilla but it was nothing worth writing more about. You may want to try it if you're close, hungry and have a Groupon. Otherwise places like La Unica have nothing to worry about.
2	Oh Maria... Like other Yelpers, I really wanted to like this little place.  The shopping center that its located in is very nice, the colors inside are on par for the Mexican feel, but the food was just not cutting it.  When you walk in, there is a huge metal staircase in the middle of the room.  It seems like a neat idea until you have to awkwardly duck under it to get to your table.  I'm surprised there's no foam all over it to prevent terrible disasters.  (Please note: I'm 5'6", and I had to duck under the staircase.). Our server was verrrrrry sweet.  The chips and salsa were good.  There was no salt or pepper on any of the tables, so we had to ask for it.  The food though, was not good.  I hate writing poor reviews, so I usually try to sugar coat with "this was ok", or t"hat was fine", but no.  Unfortunately, the food was just not good.  Everything was greasy and not put together well, creating one big, messy Mexican dish (and not the good, greasy-delicious way).   So, I'm glad that we used a Groupon, and didn't pay full price, but I will not be coming back here.  (I was going to give it 3 stars and maybe another try, until my stomach cramped and I was nauseous the entire next day.  Could have been a terrible coincidence, but I feel like I could have avoided it, had I avoided this dinner.  2 stars for Maria Bonita, and her quesadillas.)
5	My wife and I enjoy going here on occasion, but we don't like going when everyone has their groupons to use. I wish they would avoid running the groupons, as the restaurant doesn't have the large kitchen to keep up with the orders when they get packed. This is when we pay regular prices and enjoy our food,  but hear the grouponers complain about every little thing possible. It's comical, and I feel bad about the staff. Their food has been consistently good, and service is friendly.
1	Man, what a night. I had about 8 friends in town and my son and I asked them to meet us at Maria Bonita's. We were seated right a way and within a few minutes our order was taken. There was only four tables seated when we arrived. My son and I ordered first and within a few minutes all orders were taken. I also ordered a drink from the bar. After about 20 minutes meals started coming to the table. Still no drink from bar. Half way through the meal, my son's and my dish still had not arrived. Still no drink. I tried to get the waiter but he was not out by tables. I finally flagged him down and he said it was coming that they were very busy. Again, only four tables filled. Now finally everyone had finished meal and some of the party had to leave because they had small kids, still no meal. I flagged the waiter again and walked to kitchen window. No one spoke English in kitchen so they did not know what I was saying. The waiter finally came up and said since we order last....really?...our dish was still being made. Long story short, never got me dish, never got an " I am sorry". the waiter was very rude, it was his fault I think he never turned in ticket for us. He would not tell me his name and kept saying he was the manager. We WILL NEVER go back. it was also very embarrassing for my son and I to have invite our quest and to be treated that way. AWFUL place. Left my name and number for the owners or REAL manager, never heard from anyone,,,,surprise surprise.
3	Went with my husband and daughter around 7:30 on a weeknight.  Was told there was a 20 minute wait, which was fine, except there were 5 or 6 empty tables.  I can understand staggering the seating of guests to not overwhelm the kitchen, so I didn't say anything.  30 minutes later we were sat at a table that had been empty the entire time we were waiting.  The waitress was very friendly, the salsa was good.  Also got the guacamole, which was very tasty.  About 15 minutes after we ordered our food, my daughter (who is 4) asked if her food was ready yet.  The waitress brought out her plate within a couple minutes, but we had to wait another 10 or 15 minutes for our own food.  We actually were still waiting for our food to come out when another waitress asked if we were ready for our check.  The food is pretty good - nothing real fancy, and the prices are okay.  We probably will come back and try it again, but the wait time is a little ridiculous.
5	We have eaten here about once a quarter since they opened quite a few years ago. The servers are friendly, service is fast and the food is delicious. Highly recommend.
4	The food from here is pretty good - I'll definitely return ! We got a pitcher of margs, nachos, and we all ordered a different entree which everyone was happy with. I got the tostadas with mole sauce and it was great. I also tasted some of the burrito my husband ordered and loved that dish. I didn't have the rest of the food but everyone was very happy. The space is a little cramped but it's cute and the waitstaff is very friendly and helpful.
4	I've eaten here a couple times and have never been disappointed. Service is quick, food is served promptly and it tastes great - I tend to order the enchilada combos. Best mojitos in town. It seems like most of the not so fab reviews tend to be groupon related.
