4	I live close by and was looking for a new groomer, there was also one of those deal discounts so I thought we would give it a try.  The staff is great, very friendly, and communicate well.  I love that the dogs are not locked in kennels when waiting to be groomed, they can be outside and playing. My dogs LOVED being there, they also have daycare which is very affordable and they will send you pictures of your four-leggeds playing.
5	Having a Corgi means always looking for an outlet for your dog and doggy district is a great place to leave your dog in good hands. For a while I had always been curious as to where I could find a daycare and boarding establishment that didn't smell, look dirty and had semi happy staff. As a consumer you'd think that there would be more of these well no... But doggy district changed my thoughts on what daycare's should be like! Heck if I had a kid and they would take my kid for the day I would! Not only is it always immaculately clean and does not smell like wet dog and urine (as I have experienced in other establishments) but their staff are amazing and HONEST! I love the fact that I have a place where if an unexpected trip was to arise I would have no doubts or problems leaving my little one in their hands!Their service is beyond exceptional!As anybody knows and tired dog is a happy dog!Thank you Doggy District Tempe!
4	I just started taking my 9 year old shitzsu and 1 year old mixed breed puppy (high energy) to Doggie District and we love it!  The dogs have a blast on days that I have a long work day and we all come home ready to rest.  The staff has been great and keep me informed throughout the day with updates and photos.  I would highly recommend joining the pack at Doggie District!!
5	I'm new to the Phoenix area and one of my biggest concerns was taking care of my dog Jake.  I work long hours and we don't have family or friends here.  A local pet store gave me the flyer for Doggie District in Tempe.  I couldn't be more happy with the staff and the care they've taken of Jake.  I had to arrange help with picking him up and dropping him off and they've done a great job with that as well.  It's been a huge relief to find reliable care for Jake.  He comes home and sleeps the rest of the evening.  That's a definite sign that he's had a wonderful day playing.  They post pictures on Facebook of the dogs playing, which makes me feel less guilty about leaving him all day.  Highly recommend them for taking care of your furry loved ones.
1	Brought my chow here to get groomed. Dropped him off at 10:30 and he still wasn't touched as of 3:30. Once he was finally groomed they rushed his cut which left him with abrasions all over his skin. They cannot handle volume here and did a horrible job. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Doggie District is by far the best grooming experience I've ever had with my dog.Toni was so kind and loving to my 14 year old Chihuahua she treated him with great care and tenderness. THANK YOU Doggie District and THANK YOU Toni!!!
5	I have a lab mix who has so much energy she can sometimes be unmanageable. After getting a flyer in the mail I decided to give Doggie District a try. I took my sweet girl there 5 days in a row. They even did a behavioral assessment which helped my worry about other dogs! Knowing that all dogs go through a behavioral orientation (free of charge) made me feel better. Yes my dog came home tired, which surprised me a little, but I was happy when she wanted to return the next day! During the tour I was told she gets to play outside (or inside on the hot days) for the majority of the day but she does get a nap time to  help re-charge her batteries. On my last day I decided to have her bathed. Although they were extremely busy and fully booked the groomer said she could absolutely get her in. I was able to drop her off, let her play and pick her up looking (and smelling) great! I am so happy I brought Lilly to Doggie District and of course will continue bringing her back!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE  Doggie District!!  The staff is the best and the groomer...I cannot say enough good things about her.  She takes her time and is really good with Frosty my Westie.  She is the ONLY groomer that has been able to cut his hair without it looking like he was shaved by a lawn mower.   If I could post a picture I would.  :)  As for day care - the best. So clean and tidy and the staff is so good with the pups.   They send cute little e-mails each day from your pup and I love to check on FaceBook to see how much fun they are having.  Frosty is very happy to come here and very tired when I pick him up.
5	I cannot speak to Doggie District (Tempe) boarding or grooming but I urge anyone in the market to give them a try and here is why.  My son adopted a dog from there. It is a very old Chihuahua with black teeth and huge overbite.  The dog had been abandoned at Doggie District.  They kept the dog for three months trying to find someone to adopt him but no one wanted this little guy.  There are alternatives Doggie District could have taken, like calling the County to take this dog but that would have been a 'for sure' death sentence given his age and condition.  Thank you Doggie District for loving this little guy enough to want to help him
5	I boarded my Austrailian Shepherd there for 8 days and I could not be more happy. From the friendly attentive staff to the beautifully kept facilities. Each day they even sent a picture of some the activities. And its very fairly priced.
5	Me dogs love this place and so do I!! They are always excited to get dropped off and I love the daily emails!!! The staff is very friendly and seem to have a lot of fun with the dogs!
