5	I joined Truliant years ago primarily to obtain an car loan.  The process was simple and convenient.  My credit was not so good at the time, but they did give me the loan, as well as a subsequent one, both of which helped to improve my credit.  Everyone working here is super nice as they know that the members own the credit union, rather than a bank where investors own it.  The location is convenient - right off of 77 at Tyvola.  The coolest thing they have done recently is eliminate the need for deposit and withdrawal slips if you make transactions inside the branch.  Also, you can make deposits for other local credit u ions here which is nice.On the rare occasions I have to call and talk to somebody, I talk to someone with a southern accent rather than someone from halfway around the world that I can barely understand.  They are based out of Winston-Salem, NC, so it is great to have them in the QC.My only very minor complaint is that they don't have one of those machines that counts coins as most credit unions do.
5	Wonderful option in a city built on big banks picking your pocket. All people that are not making money with their banks should immediately switch to a Credit Union.Wish it was closer, but 2 miles isn't too bad.
5	I have banked with Truliant for years after having the typical bad experiences and ridiculous fees with a big corporate bank.  My need to actually visit the bank is rare, as I have direct deposit and seldom use cash.  My only apprehension about joining Truliant was the lack of local branches, but I work less than a mile from the Tyvola location and the branch in Matthews is less than 20 minutes from my home, so no big.  My visit to the Matthews branch over the holidays was painless (MUCH less painless than the visit to Wells minutes before that) and yesterday I needed a cashier's check so I visited the Tyvola branch near my office.When I have visited this location, the inside always seems to be pretty busy.  But on Friday they had all 4 desks open with tellers, so the line moved along quickly.  The drive thru almost always has all 3 lanes open, so when I have had to visit the ATM, the drive thru lanes seem to move quickly as well, with a limited wait, if any.  At 37 years old, I had never had to get a cashier's check before (I am sheltered, apparently), but the young lady who helped me made the process as quick as painless as possible and didn't make me feel like a complete idiot for not knowing how to obtain a cashier's check.I have been nothing but impressed by Truliant and their customer service for as long as I have been using them and I highly recommend them to anyone looking to escape the big banks.
2	These other people must be banking somewhere else.  If you have to call, there are long waits on the phone.  Their call routing system never has an option that matches my problem, but I have to sit through the whole recording just to get to member services.   I got a refinancing.  I asked for a pre-qualification letter because I was going to use the cash out on my house to buy a lot to build on later.  I needed to show the sellers that I was a sound buyer.  Not only did I not receive such a letter, but I was never actually told that my application was approved.  I asked when the closing was going to be and they said they could not give me an exact date.  I said give me a ball park so I can tell the buyer and they refused.   I asked to borrow 80% of the appraised value of the house and the person filling out the application just picked a number out of thin air and that's what my loan amount was - had nothing to do with the appraisal.  I tried to get that fixed once I actually got the paper work on what the loan was going to be, but they told me it was too late and I'd have to start over!   It took THREE MONTHS.   And it's not just that I had these problems, it's that when I call in and ask for stuff they were down right rude.  My husband and I transferred our IRAs to the credit union about a year and a half ago.  The young lady at the branch who helped us was really clueless.  After doing taxes, we changed our withdrawals to contribute and when we went in and signed for that the paperwork was screwed up.  Our withdrawals did not work correctly and I had to call every month for FOUR (4!) months in a row.  There was one guy in the IRA department who was competent and had good customer service, but everyone else I talked to were not only inconsistent in their answers but rude.  It was like they were doing me a favor to even talk to me and couldn't figure out why having to baby sit my investment account every months was a problem for me!   Also, the automated withdrawals are cut off at $5000 a year.  We are over 50 and so by law can put in $6000 a year.  The credit union has our date of birth cause they use that for security.  But they can't figure out that we are over 50 and make the $6000 limit easy for us to achieve without sitting on the phone an hour a month or signing and faxing another transfer request (on top of the one we did for the whole year to reach $6000)????  We've sold our house and are getting our new mortgage somewhere else, at GNOFCU in New Orleans.  I got a prequalifying letter in less than an HOUR there!  And they gave me a closing date when they filled out the application! I'm moving everything else I have at Truliant!  Good riddance!
1	I took car loan with Truilant on december 2012 by providing all documents and insurance details. i was surprised to see a forced insurance of $711 in april 2013 statement. i called customer service 10 times ... no proper response and i went charlotte downtown office to check on this ... they need full coverage insurance with them eventhough i already have full coverage with other insurance company .... i feel cheated and never take a loan with truliant again ...
