5	I am so excited for the remodeling!  Lesslie thank you for helping me out of my situation I love UMOM but I really love living in my own home!
1	This Place since taken over by MEB has turned into a shit hole, and the management here is a mess. the plumbing here is horrible, the roaches well yuck yuck yuck. the staff here has NO idea what they are doing nor do they care.. every thing is about more money.. There is No concern for the residence,, How ever the Maintnce guy's are very nice and do what they can. I will Never recommend this place again. .. The wind chiller cooler here does not keep the place cool at all especial if you choose to live on the third floor... whatever you do, keep looking... In all my years living in Apartments I have never been so disappointed in Place to live then, I cant wait till my lease is up and it will be soon.. and I am gone.. and the friend I have recommend to live here they are leaving as well.. Monarch Apartments you have so declined in staff in personality in caring... MEB I will NEVER live in one of your proprieties again . The owners of this property should be ashamed of them self for allowing this once loved property to go HELL..
1	I am extremely happy to be finally out of the monarch apartments.. I've never been a place that was so disappointing in my entire apartment living... I may not have been on the there at the monarch apartment but I was a roommate. & I will tell you that the two ladies that run that complex are absolutely the most not caring people I have ever met in my life. The monarch apartments especially apartment number 320 is extremely a hot apartment the entire time of summer for the last 2 years that I've been there with my friend never got any cooler than 90 degrees never, weather I had the windows open just a crack to help relieve pressure or whether they were closed monarch apartment management came in and replace the blower unit inside the unit which we thought was ended up making it even harder it doesn't matter how many times we change the filters or complained they didn't really care all they said was that's the problem with living up on the third floor more like apartments cooling system is called a wind chill ur do not ever live in a place that has a windchill here unless of course you can handle the heat and if you can handle the heat monarch is perfect for you... But I have news for you don't be surprised just because they both are pretty little gazebo at that will hide the multitude sins, no it does not they're at the monarch apartments they do not care about you as a resident all they care about is grabbing your money. Money money money that's all it is about in the end MEB property management company don't ever live in one of their complexes they are nothing but about stealing.mAlthough the monarch Park property itself is very pretty and is very maintained by the people that come there when do the mowing and the cleanup of the property and the two maintenance men that are there on site are very nice I will tell you they are only allowed to do certain things but there are complaints there all the time for the massive amounts of roaches that constantly are in the apartments for the massive amount of heat that is always in those apartments you're constantly having to run your cooler all the time there's no thermostats because it has to be on high all the time a wind chill is not a cooler it's a glorified industrial swamp cooler which does not work half the time in Arizona I do not recommend living at the monarch apartments. It was a time when I gay may had owned that property in he maintained that property in he did a phenomenal job when he owned it I wished that he can own it and take it over and run it like it used to who is a very well maintained property and it was ran beautifully and he cared and he did everything he could to keep his residence happy yes it had a wind chiller back then but it also was maintained and nobody ever ever ever complained of roaches or a plumbing problem and nobody was ever concerned about being hot because they weren't done and then did everything he could make sure that your apartment would be cool and back then they were cool he had a better unit or he did whatever it took to make sure your apartments were maintained properly this new company doesn't give a dam....Once again I do not recommend the monarch partment complex or the Med management property anywhere you see the logo MEB property management stand clear they do not care about you they only care about your money MONARCH apartment complex has been fighting roaches for over 2 years now and everybody that I knew that live there are moving there getting out as fast as they can it is a very complex that is full of heat its ran by a wind chill her there is nothing cool about the air that comes out of that thing is exposed to the elements of the Sun all the time roaches everywhere pump plumbing issues everywhere that complex needs to be taken apart and rebuilt from the bottom up it is very old plumbing issues plumbing issues issues issues Roach issues I do not recommend the monarch apartment complex ever or need property management I would go on and go on and go on about the multiple complaints that I've heard there and seen there but I won't embarrass my friends its not that I have a problem embarrassing MEB OR THE MONARCH MANAGER because I don't but I just DONT recommend please do not go to anyWHERE NEAR MEB PROPERTIES..YOU WILL BE SORRY YOU WIll regrett you signed a lease and the fees..I encourage everyone to always go on any properitu after jours talk to residents if you ask questions see how tjey like it there..maitaince isdues bugs plumbingetc...then psy fees etc but mot nefore it will save uouoney on fees everywhere..
1	Never again from.nor do I reccomend Monarch apartments on Coolidge street...or any M.E.B property ....
1	No contest this is the worst apartment i've ever lived in! i have no heat, my drains make a strange and loud gurgling noise whenever my upstairs neighbors or myself flush our toilets. my faucets are constantly leaking even after they've been fixed. the community has dog poop everywhere, i can hear every noise the people above me make. Management will try to get extra money from you anyway they can. i tried to drop off my rent check today but they closed early. it wouldve been nice if they had made even the smallest effort to tell their residents what time they would be closing, but no they didnt do that. this way they can get extra money into their greedy hands by being able to charge their residents late fees!! it works out perfect for them. Even if you do pay your rent on time you will still get notices saying that your rent was late. the fact anyone would stay here longer than 1 lease term is beyond me. im counting the days till i can move out!! if you are thinking of renting here PLEASE DON'T! you will be disappointed from the first day.
