3	Customer service was served up with a little attitude this evening.  It seems Verizon is training employees not to give you something for nothing! We left empty handed. I will go to another store where the employees are nicer and friendlier.
3	The miss' finally decided to start living in the now and wanted to upgrade to her first smartphone. We had to go to the mall for other stuff so we figured we'd just do it while we were there, rather than going to the store I prefer that is closer to us. The service was decent but I was a bit put off by some things.One of the things I like about going into most Verizon stores is that there is either a "greeter" to get you checked in, or you can check yourself in. This ensures that everyone is helped based on the order they enter, much like tickets at a deli counter. This place didn't have that, so it was a matter of having to hang out near the sales reps so that when they were done they would turn to you next, as opposed to someone who walked in after you. The other thing I don't like about this location is that there are very few phones on display. Not only are there almost none to look at on the walls, but even when you sit down with someone to look at models they give you phones that are either not charged up or are locked so you can't play around with them too much. This makes the decision process a bit frustrating as it's difficult to take all the potential choices for a quick test spin.The rep who helped us was friendly and pretty knowledgeable which helped the process go much faster. My wife told him what she wanted (a basic smartphone that wouldn't cost her anything out of pocket) and he brought out the three phones that met that criteria. I was glad he didn't waste time trying to change her mind and upsell her a better model. It was just a pain that two of the three phones were not useable, though the one that worked was the best choice for her anyway. We also decided to finally switch over to a family share plan to save cash on the data useage fees, and they were able to do that. It took a super long time for the corporate customer service number to pick up and help us, but that was Verizon in general, not this store.In the end it was a decent enough Verizon experience, and the miss' proclaimed that it was the easiest trip to a Verizon store she has ever had to make. For me, I like being able to check in so I can see how much of a wait I have ahead of me, and I definitely want to be able to use the different phones before making a decision on what I'm going to buy. While I prefer to visit the location in Huntersville whenever I need to go to a Verizon Store, if I happened to need to go while at the mall I wouldn't think twice about heading in here.
1	Went with my boyfriend to get him a new phone. They didn't know what any of the phones were called or what they did and only had the fake "store" phones to show us that had a sticker on the screen. The girl who helped us was mid 20s and was hitting on my boyfriend right in front of me. And then, to add to the great customer service - she added her number before my boyfriends phone as "Verizon Ashley" and told him to "call if he ever wanted an upgrade". Definitely will NOT be back
5	Verizon's 3rd party (boo) insurance was giving me a really hard time with getting a new phone, their policy was clearly ridiculous. After hours of back & forth & transferring me to someone else I went straight into a store. Chiquita welcomed me, heard my story and immediately knew what to do, who to call and what to say. She was extremely pleasant, apologized for being on hold (forever) with VZW & Asurion. She seamlessly helped other customers while keeping me informed of what was going on. She ended up getting me a new phone that day, in store. I was ready to walk away from Verizon, but she changed my mind. Thank you Chiquita you were a bright, sunny part of an otherwise dismal day. Verizon: DROP ASURION they make you look very bad!!!
1	Aside from the employee who opened the door for us, the customer service is absolutely terrible. The aforementioned lady is apparently only good for opening doors. My wife and I stood in the middle of the store, obviously in need of help, for at least 20 minutes. Never once were we approached by a single employee to see if we could use assistance. We were ready to purchase two phones, but after that atrocious display of inept customer service we are heading home to purchase our phones over the internet. Maybe Verizon's online customer service is better.
