5	I go here every two weeks, JR is awesome. If you're a guy he finishes you up with the straight razor. I'd definitely recommend him.
5	Awesome!!! I started coming here because I had a Groupon, Great job Everytime, I keep coming back:)
5	Jorge never disappoints.  I have been going to him for almost 2 years now.  He takes his time, is very precise, and you get a great cut every time.  I go about every two weeks because I like to keep me hair really short.  His prices are very reasonable.  He is slowly improving the shop with paint and other updates, but I don't need anything fancy.  Just a great barber who is always consistent.  I leave satisfied every time.  Go see Jorge.  You won't be disappointed.
5	JR is a very professional and expert barber!  I've been coming to him now for a few months and he has been the best barber I have encountered in Phoenix!  He takes his time making sure it's perfect when I leave.  He takes an hour to cut my hair and it is well worth the wait for the time and effort he put into it. He is the only barber who takes time to put effort into my beard too!  For $20.00 (haircut and beard trim) it is a bargain. I will continue to come back every two weeks!
5	Great guy. Always does a great job on my hair. Very dependable, and when he can't be at the shop, he'll let you know. Also manages to cut my 2 year old's head without him getting fussy.
5	This guy is great!  He always does an excellent job on my hair.
5	Jorge is a great barber.  He takes his time and gives a great cut every time. His prices ($15 for a mens cut) are very reasonable so I can go every 2 weeks to keep my hair short and fresh.  He has recently updated the shop and added a/c, making it much more comfortable inside.  I would definitely recommend JR Cuts to my friends and family.  Stop in and give him a try.
5	I've been getting my hair cut here for over a year now. This is the best barbershop I've ever been to in my life. He knows how to cut hair and has been doing it for many years! He takes his time and has good attention to detail when cutting hair. Perfect every time!
5	We were in Phoenix for vacation and my son needed a haircut. It was a great experience. Very skilled barber and excellent result. Trimmed around the ears and neck with straight razor. Highly recommend this establishment if you are in Phoenix in need of a clean up.
4	Went to get my haircut at his new place on 10th ST and Indian School last Saturday.  The new place is definitely better than the old place and he always takes his time with you.  He doesn't rush things.  This is a great alternative to franchised places who treat you like a number.
