4	I went here looking for a racquetball glove.  Then I got side tracked and started looking for new racquets, but couldn't find anything that was any good.  The person who greeted me was nice and courteous and while I wouldn't go back for racquetball gear, I might go back for other sporting goods needs.
4	I love PIAS! I remember going to a different location when I was a kid and I needed volleyball equipment and the like. It's kind of hit or miss, since a lot of the equipment is used, but when you do find something good it's a deal. I tried the location in Chandler and was disappointed to find a miniscule hockey selection, and 99% of what they did have was youth hockey gear anyway. They did have a great bag though that I snagged for $25 - the model I bought runs about $65-80 new, and this one is scuffed but that's about it - zippers work great and no thin patches or tears. The employee steered me to the Mesa location upon ringing up my bag, telling me they had the biggest hockey selection out of the stores. I drove over and checked it out, and they do have a decent adult ice hockey section. I was able to find some sticks worth looking at (new and used), pants, and TONS of shin guards. I asked how much they would charge for me to bring in my skates for heat molding, since I didn't buy them at PIAS (I won't do used skates - pass. But they DO have new skates at this location as well, I just got a killer deal on mine online) and most places charge you to heat mold if you didn't actually buy the skates there. The guy let me know to just bring them in and they'll do them for free, as well as sharpening. Sold! I will be buying a lot of gear here in the near future.
4	Another great PIAS in the Valley... This one had an intermediate kettlebell weight I was looking that the other PIAS didn't have. The guy was really nice and the store seemed to be stocked with plenty of stuff; it was, however, quite messy and seemed a bit unorganized. My guess is that they ordered and/or consigned a lot of sports equipment to be supplied for the plethora of New Year's Resolutions that are sure to walk in the door (like moi, for instance?). As of right now, there's road construction nearby so be careful when driving in this area's location. Plenty of parking; decent prices on the kbells.
2	I was here looking for some workout equipment. I ended up getting a couple weights and an adjustable bench. The prices were pretty good and I had better luck looking for the equipment I needed than at one of the big name stores. I would have rated this place better if we had better customer service and the place didn't look like a mess. I had to constantly watch my step and make sure I didn't trip over any of the junk that laid all over the store. I would come back though because there was a great selection of new and used workout equipment.
2	Got my skates sharpened at this location and didn't realize until I stepped on the ice that they didn't sharpen them at all. They took all the edge off and made it a flat surface. Ice den fixed my problem..
