1	I've never been a big shopper, but the last time I went, I was with some hardcore shopaholics.  While I typically spend most of my days sleeping near a pool, I spent my last trip between the shopping areas of Cesar's and the Bellagio.When shopping in Vegas, especially at high-end stores, one expects high quality products matched with high-end service.  I expect no less from a place like Tod's. Given how empty it was when we visited, I expected better service. We found what we wanted, but because we had a long day in front of us, we asked if we could hold it and pick it up later in the day.When we returned, we found that the people at Tod's decided to sell the pair that we put on hold. There were no apologies, just statement.
5	Fantastic! I love this store, its big, bright and airy. They have a huge assortment, and have hidden secret closets, with even more goodies inside! They carry the most beautiful handbags, and I was told by the salesperson there, are all handmade in Itay. Great experince!
5	Excellent customer service!My mom and I were just browsing the stores inside Caesar's Palace and we came across Tod's.  I'm not a huge fan of this store but my mom owns couple things and wanted to check out their latest handbags and shoes.  As we walked into the store, the sales person approached us and was eager to show us the new collection.  He was very friendly and was happy to just show us what's on sale and what he thought would be a perfect handbag for my mom.   Although we didn't purchase anything that day, he kept his smile and happily greeted us on our way out.   What a great customer service!
4	I have a confession to make: Loafers are one of my kryptonites. My galpal and I were browsing through Nordstrom for shoes after the Yelp Event on Sunday when we came across these really cute Jimmy Choo loafers at Nordstrom. I was in love, and so was she, but she told me to look out for this one shop - she couldn't quite recall at that time - that specialized in loafers. My eyes widened, 'a shop full of loafers?!' Since neither one of us could remember what the shop was called, we dismissed the idea of looking for it and drove over to the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace to check out some art galleries. On our way to the Kush, she gave me a light pat and pointed to Tod's. "Holy Moly!" I thought. It was a very spacious, high-end shop with, of course, loafers lined on the side shelves and on a table at the front of the store. A couple of very friendly sales assistants (one of them was from Cancun!) then greeted us as we entered and proceeded to break down all the summer sales. $300 wasn't exactly a value my wallet could accommodate so my galpal and I resorted to window shopping instead, picking up a shoe that caught our eye every now and then to examine. And what's better than traditional loafers? Loafers with ribbons! Oh and they even had Oxfords! All with sturdy foundations and comfortable soles, handmade too (if memory serves me well). Definitely not a place I see myself shopping at for a while (actually, make that 'for a long time') but if you're one who's meticulous about quality -without a lot of concerns with pricing - step right in (all pun intended)
