2	This older place looks as if it used to be a KFC or other chain restaurant, & it has a small dining room that seats 20.  I stopped in today for lunch, & ordered a 2 Chile Relleno Combination plus a hard shredded beef taco.In a little while my food came out.  There were the two Rellenos, made with Anaheim Chiles, a normal serving of Spanish Rice & refried beans, plus a little Pico de Gallo & a little Guacamole, as well as 4 warm corn tortillas, a basket of chips (available on request at no extra charge), & my taco.  This was a lot of food, & I could have skipped the taco & the chips.  Everything tasted ok, but nothing was special, & the Chile Rellenos were too mild for my taste.GOOD:*  Friendly service.*  Comfortable booth seating.*  Reasonable prices.  $5.56 for the Combo plus $1.95 for the side taco.*  Generous amount of food.*  A squirt bottle of salsa to add as you please. NOT SO GOOD:*  Mexican music playing over the P.A. wasn't hurting anything, but then the jukebox started loudly blaring out another song on top of the other one!*  The place had an ucky smell to it.*  The taco had a normal amount of shredded beef, but then just a dab of shredded lettuce & that's it.  Little or no cheese, & no tomato!  (Yes, you could put the Pico de Gallo & Guacamole in there, but then what do you do with the FOUR warm tortillas?)Meh.
4	super unhealthy...which means it's amazing! shady place though
1	Que paso Homey?! I come for vacation frm Chicago and thought 'mannn the Mexican food is gona be gooood  being so close to the MothaLand!' But noOoO!  Wow- this was my first impression of Mexican food here- and it was HORRIBLE! I had asada tacos and one chicken taco- they had a literal dab of guacamole and they used cheddar cheese!! Who does that?? What happened to queso Ranceherito or queso fresco?! I will give Phoenix one more chance at Mexican food and then I'm RUNNINNNG back to La Villita where Lil Mexico does it legit!
1	When we walked in the place had a funny smell, but forgave and ordered food anyway.  The building is not very well kept, it had rained and they had buckets catching water where the roof was leaking.I ordered the #15, which was a bean tostada taco and 2 rolled taco.  The price was great, just under $5 for all that food.  However, it was not even worth the $5 I paid.  The other people I was with got their food first and thought it smelled a little off (the got rolled tacos).  I got my food and it had the same weird smell to it.  I gave it a try and tasted a rolled taco.  It had no flavor except the bad after taste.  The food may have been going bad, at least it smelled that way. Ended up throwing it away!  I will not be returning.  Do yourself a favor, go to one of the many other Mexican food places and save yourself the disappointment.
