4	Don't let the name fool you. I use the doc at Chandler Accident and Injury Medical Center as my primary care physician. I wasn't seeking out an accident and injury center; rather, some months ago, I felt it time to take advantage of my kick-butt health insurance and finally get a physical, as it had been a few years - and a whole marriage - since my last.So I'm flipping through my ins. company's Directory of Providers and I come across Dr. Dre. I'm like "Hell yeah! How cool is that? My primary care physician is gonna be motherf#cking Dr. Dre! Biiiotch!" I mean, this made perfect sense to me and would make perfect sense to those who truly know me.So I schedule an appt for a routine physical, and when I arrive to check in, I find out his name is Dr. Dare. Jeffrey Dare. With an "a." Dammit! (Note: When I got home after my appt, I checked my directory again. Sure enough, it said Dr. Dare. I guess it was just the O.G. in me that was trying to manifest a hip hop gangsta healthcare experience. After all, you can take the man outta the West Side, but you can't take the Wessiyeed outta the man). Anyway, I came to like Dr. Dare right away. Again, he runs the accident and injury center, but it's also a full family practice.He's a D.O. (an Osteopath), which I like, and he's also fairly young, which I also like. Somehow that makes me feel like he's more up-to-date on things (which may not be valid at all - it's just my take on youngish docs. Just a personal preference). And we're not talking Doogie Howser young; I mean, he's probably my age. Not that I'm any spring chicken, but I feel like I'd be kinda' young to be a D.O., M.B.A., M.S.B.S., etc. (All of which he is). Besides that, he has a real gentle touch. Sorta' like Dallas G after about six Ketel One and sodas and twenty minutes in the hot tub.I received a comprehensive physical, was referred out for labs, then invited back to review the results. Turns out I'm in perfect health. Love that! I've been a couple more times to visit Dr. Dare for minor illnesses, most recently the flu. I always feel very comfortable talking with him and feel like he's a good listener and respects my take on things, too. You see, I'm that annoying patient who's always trying to self-diagnose and prescribe stuff to myself because I used to be married to a diva medical student and, somehow, I think that makes me a medical student or something. But Dr. Dare is good at explaining his view and keeping me from smoking an ounce of medical grade to this. Or that. Or from taking some other homeopathic remedy I may have come across on the interweb.I have to take a star away because of two things. The facility itself is pretty basic; I would even say dated. If you're looking for some flashy office with a bad-ass fish tank and Thomas Kinkade (or Arizona Highways) pictures framed everywhere, this isn't it. But the quality of the doctor's care is more important to me than a bunch of Successories hanging on the wall, so I can overlook this. Pero, my one real annoyance is that there seems to be a revolving door of office help. It's almost like the practice serves as some sort of work study place for health care students at local colleges maybe? Just a guess. All I know is that on various occasions, the office gals (who are always different) either forget to weigh me or take my blood pressure, or in the case of my recent flu, they even swabbed the wrong dude's throat in the next room while I was waiting to have mine done in order to confirm the doc's diagnosis. The best was when one of the gals walked in on me and the doc without knocking while he was mid-examination of my man parts. I think she saw more Joker than she probably thought she'd see that day while driving to work that morning.In summary I give Dr. Dare, the man, five stars, but I give the practice three stars. So overall ... a four star experience. And that's something I can smoke an ounce to (if only I could get a prescription for it).
2	I was a patient for a little over 2 years.  I would visit him when I had muscle trouble or other various pains from my strenuous job.  My past experience has been mediocre at best.  Never when I visited has my pain been completely relieved.  Often I just feel temporary relief and some comfort and then the pain returns.  My last visit became a nightmare.  I visited regarding severe rib pain.  He rushed me in and out of the office with a referral to get xrays done and a prescription of ibuprofen and a low dose pain killer.  (Due to scheduling conflicts and an upcoming vacation I was unable to rush in to the xray center)  As time progressed my pain got worse after my visit and the prescriptions did nothing to take the edge off the pain.  I called to tell them about the ineffectiveness of the prescription and was told there was nothing... repeat nothing further they could do for me until I got the xrays even after I explained I would not be able to get xrays until after my vacation in 2 weeks.  Frustrated I requested a refund due to the fact that the treatment was incomplete and ineffective and they refused.  Apparently they feel comfortable charging for mediocre service.
5	I cannot begin to describe how blessed I feel to have found Dr. Dare. I have declined changing insurance plans for awhile, so I can continue to go to Dr. Dare. As a fellow healthcare professional, I admire his practice and expertise, more importantly, his willingness to help cut costs.I have been going to Dr. Dare for about a year and a half now and he surprises me every time. I first started seeing him for a problem that turned out to be a gallstone, a problem that 2 other doctors completely overlooked and dismissed as something else. To be quite honest, I am still quite shocked he figured it out - as I had only one vague symptom to report. When I went to Dr. Dare for a prescription, he sat with me and took the time to research which medication would lease conflict with my other medical issues and more importantly, he tried to find the medication that would cost me the least amount of money. I don't know any doctor that would take the time to do that, in fact, I know that some medical schools teach their students to finish the examination of their patients in 15 minutes or less. My most recent encounter with Dr. Dare, he asked me to come in to schedule an MRI if the pain I was having persisted. When the pain had persisted after a week, I called the office to see if Dr. Dare could just write me a script for the MRI so I can avoid paying another co-pay. Not only did he write me a script, they faxed it straight to the imaging center so I wouldn't have to stop by the office.The minor downside to his office is that, most of the time he runs late. I usually budget 1.5-2 hours for each appointment. HOWEVER, the reason he runs late is because of the amount of care and attention to detail that he provides each patient. It really is quite extraordinary.
