3	Great, small family practice! I got referred here from Maricopa OBGYN right across from Foothills Family Care. I've seen both Natalie Tejada and Maura Tardif. Great people; everything I'd look for in a family care provider! Have yet to see Dr. Wolfe; however, I know I'm in good hands with either of these two. They both were very helpful during some seriously tough times this year. Earlier this year, their medical assistants have got me MRI reports, CT scans and other necessary reports promptly when I've needed them in a timely manner. If I can rate the docs and other staff alone, this place would be five stars. Yet, some of their reception people have the people and social skills of a paper bag . . .Which leads to a 2-star deduction. Most of them are great, but recently a few of these ladies have left much to be desired! When you've got a line of patients waiting to check in or make a copay and you're telling them to hold on, it better be for something more important than discussing whether or not you should accept those free concert tickets. Time and place; learn the concept. And don't even get me started on phone skills. Dr. Goldman, Moran or Wolfe would seriously benefit from sending a few of these clowns to Customer Service Training. I definitely recommend Natalie and Maura for your healthcare needs!
1	I am not going back there. After getting a second consultation, I found out that they made a completely wrong diagnosis and they wanted to drug me with too many useless over-the-counter medicaments. The place is also very squeezy.
5	I found exactly what I needed in a Dr. here. I had been a patient here for years before recently moving to Oregon. I saw Dr. Rebecca Morin and P.A. Maura Tardis. They both were extremely caring and had the BEST bedside manner. I truly felt that they listened to me and wanted to do what was in my best interest, regardless of the reason for my visit. Maura is one of the sweetest, funniest, and talented women you will ever meet. The gals in the office are just as great! They could always get me in no matter how quick the notice was. I will really miss this practice now that I am out of state.
