1	I hate going to any UMC Quick Care. Take out the last two words and that will sum up my review.. I came her because I had extremely bad cold, upper respiratory, ear, and nasal infection. It took3 1/2 hours to get seen. They even checked to make sure I didn't have a UTI?? Ok put urine in a bottle and check. The doctor came back and said no UTI... no kidding. Then he wrote me script for cough med and meds to handle my infection. I later found out that the med for the infection were primarily used to treat UTI's what the heck, I didn't have a UTI. The side effects were so horrible I won't go into details of what it did to me but I can tell you, it was worst than the bronchitis and cold mixed together. I almost went to the E.R. just due to the side effects. This town is HORRIBLE for quick medical services and you have to wait a week or longer to see a primary doctor.
1	Customer service is horrid!  After this experience I truly wonder if my private medical records are safe in a place with these types of people!  I walked in the door at 8:15 am to avoid an extensive wait as I do understand how busy medical facilities can get.  My first impression was the scowling front desk ladies a chubby one with long blonde hair and the other an older woman, so I proceeded to sign in and take a seat as they said to. After waiting one hour I was called up to the desk to register and asked to have a seat again, then another hour passed by before being called back into triage. Along my complete 2 hour wait in the waiting area I heard the front desk ladies going on and on gossiping and laughing loudly (not medically professional or acceptable) about other employees and patients as well talking about how a certain patient was so annoying and such, I was appalled by their language and the things they were saying but I really needed to be seen so I continued to wait.  After I was eventually taken to a room the Doc came in viewed me very briefly and left me to sit yet another 45 min while the incompetent medical assistant dipped my urine for 45 min (i guess she was playing with the pee haha it takes 60 seconds to dip and analyze a urine strip).  I waited and waited and waited ever so patiently after all I had already experienced to this point.... It was finally time to go yay!!!  That evening I received a voicemail to call back about my results, when I did so no one even asked my name before she harshly said "thats just our customer service call" I couldn't get her to transfer me back to the nurse that left me a message because I didnt know the nurses name so I decided that instead of arguing with the receptionist I would just  try to call again in the morning... SO in the morning I called to try to get ahold of a nurse for my results and Latoya answered, wow she really  put the icing on the cake!!!!  She was very unpleasant to talk to, her tone was very rude as if I had ruined her day by calling, she was very aggressive over the phone and huffed and puffed into the phone because she was so annoyed that I wanted to talk to a nurse for my results, she talked to me with repulsion in her voice and  Finally she said she would get a message over for someone to call me back, they did call back at 4:30 that evening, the nurse that called was even more incompetent that the first one, this girl couldn't even read me my results!  She stumbled over the words and gave me no clear answer, I finally throw my hands in the air and give up!!  I guess ill just go somewhere else if my problem continues because there is NO WAY IN HELL Id go back to this place!  Waste of time, money and I am disgusted with their non existent  "customer service and medical professional skills"
1	Went to Primary care at 2 pm to escort a friend to Primary care. Two of the admitting people were argoing with each other for the whole time I was there, Loudly. Drama, drama, drama. Did not seem to have a manager there to break it up. Had some Rap music station on playing music that was offensive and demeaning to women. Try another place, I have been to Nellis and boulder branches and they were much better with no Drama.
5	I did not look at the reviews till I was home after my visit!  I walked in on a Sunday after Halloween!  It was 3pm they closed at 4...front desk clerk so friendly!  Jean the nurse who asked the questions before the Dr seen me so kind.  Dr came woman's very very thorough...great service!  I got five scripts and hopefully I'll be feeling myself again soon!  :)
