3	When I was young my parents used to tell me that we would all meet up again in Heaven. At the time it seemed pleasant and relieving to think that I could just do my own thing now and catch up with everyone after we were all nuked to death in the zombie apocalypse.And then it dawned on me that Heaven might not be my scene. I imagined an afterlife where I was forced to spend all of eternity with all the gun-toting, bible-beating homo/xenophobes I spent my whole life antagonizing. Them looking all fucking smug and happy, Peaches Christ it makes me want to throw a shark at a mailman.So I have since decided that I will do whatever it takes to get into Hell. With all the drinking and sexing and, you know, changing my gender and all, I'm sure eventually I'll check off enough boxes to get me a backstage pass to Damnation. I occasionally burn down a village and smash a goblin's head in with a rock just in case I can get into Valhalla. Yeah.So Ci Ci's Pizza.Just like that.It sounds like heaven. A pizza buffet under 7 dollars. As much pizza, soup, salad, and dessert you could ever gorge yourself on. Every variety of pizza you could imagine. Fettuccine and spinach pizza. Taco pizza. Hawaiian pizza. Macaroni and cheese pizza. BBQ chicken pizza. And like the meal dispensing machines from "Red Dwarf", the kitchen is infinitely flexible. Want a flavor of pizza not currently available on the buffet line? They'll special make it. Just. For. You. They'll even send out one of their underpaid lackeys to bring it out to you on a tray, like a secret waiter without dignity who won't expect a tip.Ahh yes. It's a venerable heaven for a pizza lover.Until you realize it's everybody else's heaven. Everybody else you hate.Parents who bring their five kids because Little Timmy hasn't developed table manners yet and would just embarrass them at a real restaurant. The unreasonably picky eater who keeps taking one slice of each pizza on the line, taking the smallest of bites, and deciding its too salty too cheesy too saucy for his tastes and throws it away, forcing you and the staff to watch at least three whole pizzas thrown away before he finds a flavor he likes.The family that wisely figures that since Grandma has a hard enough time walking to Red Lobster, they might as well bring her somewhere she'll have to give her legs some exercise just to get some salad.All the underpaid, bitter and apathetic high schoolers who all lost their jobs at Harkins when they showed up for work with their name tag missing...THE THIRD TIME THIS MONTH!It's a shame Ci Ci's has such a suck infestation. Because they'll probably be shut down by the health inspector before anyone realizes that they aren't just pizza makers; they're wizards. No, alchemists.Only an alchemist schooled by The Beast himself would be able to take a lump of dough and make it into breadsticks, pizza, cheese bread, cinnamon rolls, and apple pie.This isn't just a cutesy metaphor. It's seriously the same dough. Fun Fact: The first time I came here I was approached by a manager and offered a job, not based on my experience in the food industry or my impeccable customer service, but because I had a quirky t-shirt on. "You have the sense of humor needed for this."Funny. I imagine Peter saying the same thing to me once I get to the front desk at the Pearly Gates.For the love of trolls, Odin. Give me a sign already.
3	So there's this conspiracy in the SF Bay to advertise us food that we can't get there. This only mildly upset me when they start playing commercials for Sonic in the middle of the night (the nearest one being 47 miles away). I became enraged that I was being taunted by commercials for Buffalo Wild Wings (which I dearly love) because the closest one is 402 miles south. But Cici's. You were the icing on that cake of "shit you can look at on TV but not touch." As far as I can tell you don't even EXIST in California. Why are you advertising here every 30 minutes on every channel? Is this some sort of joke? Why are you taunting my poor starved little college wallet with the promise of a real meal for under $5? Do you know how much it costs to eat in Silicon Valley??!  You can't even get a side salad that cheap most places!Oh Cici's, I lusted after your promise of an end to my Jack in the Box catered everything. Luckily I spend most of my free time in Phoenix, which actually has Sonics and BWW's and Dave and Busters. And now, Cici's! I couldn't wait to get in and try everything! This is indeed a mortal paradise, a proverbial garden of cheap pizza delights.I could never have foreseen the horrors. Eating at Cici's is like marrying the man of your dreams and finding out his entire extending family is moving in with him. All of them, every niece and nephew, sister and brother, cousin and half cousin, grannie, grampy, great grannie, all of them. All of them AND their children. The noise...THE NOISEEEEE.I have never felt  so claustrophobic  in such a large space. There was no where to turn, no where to hide. It was like a food fight in a bad 80's teen movie. Screaming and laughing and crying to the sound of food hitting the floor and full glasses being knocked over. Grubby hands smearing pizza sauce everywhere. And Cici's employees floating around asking everyone how their experience is, smiling like they've got guns pointed at their backs, working that good old fashioned doublethink, "this is fine, everything is fine, keep smiling, KEEP SMILING, everything is under control, oh my god, KEEP SMILING." To be fair to Cici's, it's not their fault. You open a cheap chain and you're going to attract the families in search of deals. Families with lots of hungry children. Hungry children are ill-behaved. Especially when there's 100 of them.The food is exactly what you expect for a $5 pizza buffet. It's fine, it's totally passable, if you spend $5 to eat there you will leave feeling totally ok about that. It's not a deal, but it's not a rip-off. No, the rip-off is what happens when junior #23, #32, and #47 all conspire to tear your cargo pockets off your shorts while you're trying to fill your soda. Or when they decide to trip you onto the floor by the Mac and Cheese pizza and strip your carcass to the bones. Keep back, you filthy little hooligans! This place is madness!
4	My wife and I are in our early 50's and we are retired. As vegetarians we like to eat at buffets so we have options. We go to Cici's about once a week. The price is great! We go at off-hours, when there are few other diners, like mid-afternoon. The food has most always been fresh, they'll make any kind of pizza you want, the prepared tossed salads are kept fresh, the desserts (especially the cinnamon rolls) are tasty--we have been extremely happy with our Cici's experiences. They have been very accommodating, even willing to turn the music lower when we have asked. For a cheap meal this place is well worth it. Just don't go when they are real busy!
4	Ci Ci's is awesome. I use to go all the time when I lived in Louisiana and was stoked to see them here in AZ. For only a few bucks you can stuff your face with mediocre pizza, pasta and salad. Its great, seriously. They have tons of different types of pizza and you can even request a pizza and they will make it for free. They have Mac N' Cheese pizza, taco pizza, white pizza, spinach  pizza and all the regulars. In Louisiana they even has shrimp alfredo pizza every friday. Their cinnamon rolls at the dessert bar are awesome when they are fresh out of the oven. Just humble yourself and go.
3	I finally moved to a city that has CiCi'!  You see, their ads are on the radio in Los Angeles, offering all-you-can-eat pizza for about half what you'd expect to pay, but they don't have any stores there!So I finally landed at this CiCi's in Phoenix the other day.  The pizza is ok, not great, in my opinion, but there are quite a few choices available at any given time.  The salad (two choices of dressing, already tossed), & soup are good, the store is clean like a hospital, & has a pleasant, modern style.  The staff is friendly, & the prices very reasonable.  I've been there twice now, & it looks as if it will be about a once every week or so lunch stop for me.  Try it!
2	For some reason Ci Ci's has never made it to California which would explain why I'd never heard of it til I moved here. Went here last week with some friends away from our usual area a few blocks north on Indian School. Geez, what a difference a few blocks makes. Don't get me wrong, I appreciated Ci Ci's "recession prices" of $3.99 for the buffet. That is hard to beat. But it's also the big draw for the crowd that was in there. No sign of any urban hipsters or young professionals. Quite a few mallrat-types or guys engaged in some sort of eating contest--I suppose they could have just been hungry. And I don't mean to sound harsh or judgmental, but it's depressing seeing that person who is not just eating by himself, but clearly overeating. Actually the overeating was also being done by a couple of groups of very obese people. As for the food, the buffet I suppose was worth about $3.99. There are two salad choices. The bowl with the one I wanted, tossed with Italian dressing, was almost gone when I got there. It seemed like they never bothered to make a full bowl for the rest of the time they were open. The soup didn't look very appetizing. The pasta option was just elbow macaroni that looked like it had been tossed in canned tomato sauce. The pizza was fine. It didn't have any unique flavors. The combo I did like, surprisingly, was the mac and cheese pizza. No sauce, just cheese--orange the way it should be when dealing with macaroni. Figures I'd like the one choice that would make one's carb allowance skyrocket. I skipped dessert so no idea if their brownies and cinnamon rolls were any good.The staff was nice though. The clerk politely explained the choices to us old-timers. And they will make a whole pizza if there's a combination you want. Still, I won't be in a big hurry to eat here anytime soon.
4	Abondanza! Already hooked on Cici's. We tried it for the first time a few weeks back when they had a $3.99 special and we go every week now. Cheap, decent quality, awesome quantity and incredibly friendly people. (and NFL Network on the tv don't hurt)Buffet style pizza, two types of salad - premixed with either ranch or italian dressing, some kind of corkscrew pasta that's the one lowlight - just avoid it and save the tummy space for the 'za, and cinnamon rolls and brownies that are to die for. Oh, and aycd fountain drinks and tea (sweet tea, too!), of course. There's always bread sticks and some sort of stuffed-pizza'y-squares-concoction that I kinda dig, too.It's not the greatest pizza on the planet, but there's plenty of it and plenty of variety. I like the buffalo chicken, mac and cheese, and veggie as my favorite little triangles of goodness. You'll be greeted with lots of hello's and smiles when you walk in, everyone is super friendly and will get you anything you need if you don't see it on the buffet. They keep the pizza fresh and rarely will you see an empty pan on the counter.For the money, it's a steal, they just need bigger plates! It's always interesting to watch the gluttons build a "Leaning Tower of Pizza" rather than just eat a few slices and make their way back.Ciao! (or, i guess it should be, Chow!)
4	I went to CiCi's for lunch today since with was raining and seemed like a pizza type day. People may be wondering why someone would give 4 stars for CiCi's Pizza. Well for starters, the cost of my lunch was $6.04 for all you can eat pizza, soft drink, salad, soup and desert. I don't waste my stomach on soup and salad. Their Cinnamon Buns are decadent and delish and the main reason for the 4 star rating. For the price of desert at a Claim Jumpers or similar type establishment you get dessert plus the main course at CiCi's. Now the pizza is not the greatest in the world but it is way better than most pizza joints I've been to in the metro Phoenix area. This place is affordable for families. And if you don't see a pizza you like, you can order a specially made pizza and they will deliver it to your table at no extra charge.
2	I recently viewed the Cici's commercial on TV advertising their $3.99 all-u-can eat pizza special. $3.99 for all the soup, salad, pizza, and dessert I wanted? I had to check it out. I purposely skipped breakfast, and showed up on a Sunday around 1pm. After waiting about 15 minutes in line to pay, I paid about $6.25 for the buffet with a to-go cup for soda. The family of 7 in front of me paid less than $20 for all of 'em. What a deal! First stop, the big premade salad bowls. The ranch salad consisted of lettuce, bacon bits, and ranch dressing, and the latter was lettuce, red onions, black olives, and grape tomatoes with Italian dressing. Lot's of lettuce and dressing, with a little bit of the rest. Next was the chicken noodle soup, which I passed on. Next to it was a big troth of pasta sauce, with a couple corkscrew pasta noodles in it. I took a bowl of the bland, flavorless sauce with some bread sticks. On to the pizza! I took the baby plate, and started to load up on the minuscule slices of pizza. Macaroni and cheese pizza, BBQ chicken pizza, buffalo chicken pizza, pepperoni, there was a good selection to choose from. After swerving my way through about 200 kids and screaming parents, I finally got a soda and attempted to locate a table. I guess everyone in Phoenix saw the same commercial, because they were all there. I found a table near the exit and started to sample the goods. The macaroni and cheese pizza was disgusting. The corkscrew pasta I left for someone else was on top of a cold crust with some old cold cheese sauce. Next the BBQ pork pizza. Surprisingly, this was the best of the bunch. The sauce was sweet and tangy, and there was actually a good amount of cheese. The bread sticks were also great, along with the alfredo pizza. The buffalo chicken pizza was also nothing to write home about...a piece of bread with buffalo wing sauce on top, and tiny chicken cubes. Yuck. All of a sudden I heard some singing...something about "yippee yipee Mexican pizza" or something like that. I excitedly ran up surrounded by a bunch of rug rats to grab a a piece with some other cardboard samples. Returning to my table less than a minute later, everything was gone. My pizza, my plates, my to-go cup I paid extra for, even my Sunday paper. I looked behind me to see a girl with the dirty dish bin on wheels patrolling around, clearing off tables in the madness of people. She looked at me like a deer in headlights, and ran. I laughed, got another cup for my soda, and continued to grub. The Mexican pizza....bread with sauce, lettuce and 2 shreds (yes, cold not even melted small individual straight from the bag) of cheddar cheese. Great, I now have the recipe on how to make Mexican food at home. Want some Mexican ice cream or Mexican egss? Just throw just shredded lettuce on top and voila! The only thing Mexican about the pizza was the name of it and the nationality of the lady who put it on the hot plate. The rest of the other pizza was the same, little cheese, sparse toppings, little sauce, cold...off to dessert.I stood up and saw the bus lady lurking, she was everywhere I turned. I told her "I'm not done yet, I'm still eating" and went back to the buffet line. I decided to try the dessert, so I got a plate of cinnamon buns and brownies. I headed back to my table just as the bus woman started to clear my table. As soon as she noticed me, her eyes got big again and poof! She was gone . The dessert was an excellent surprise! The buns had delicious icing, were gooey, and warm. The brownies were also warm, chocolaty, and melt in your mouth. All in all, Cici's was like a bad acid trip.  Every time the door opened, either by a person or the wind, the crew "enthusiastically" screamed "Welcome to Cici's!" or "Thanks for coming in! See you next time!". By the hundredth time hearing that over the first 10 minutes, and listening to the screaming kids and parents who could care less if their kids were rude, loud, and obnoxious, I was ready to claw my ears off. On a good note, the staff aimed to please. I saw an elderly couple come in, go to the counter, and ask for a spinach pizza. 10 minutes later, they had a whole spinach pizza delivered to their table, all for themselves, at no extra charge. For that, the dessert, the barbecue pizza, and the bread sticks, I give Cici's 2 stars. Also, where else can you feed a family of seven an all-you-can eat meal with free balloons as toys for less than $20??? Will I go to Cici's again? If I lose my job and life savings, become homeless, don't eat for a week, and find $5. on the side of the road, I would possibly consider spending my day at Cici's. Or if I have a burning desire to eat all the BBQ pizza, cinnamon buns, and brownies in an attempt to gain a ton of weight. However, I don't for"Cici" that happening anytime in the near future.
4	this place is great honestly staff is great the chicken noddle soup is deliciouse the cinnomon bread and fudge is awesome u can stay here as longAS U CAN KEEP REQUESTING EVERYTHING U WANT WITH NO EXTRA CHARGE AT ALL ITS AWESOME
3	Normally I try not going to any type of buffets because I try to eat my weight to get my money's worth, then I cannot move and need to be rolled out to the car.  For this lunch trip I did not know where we were going, the "boys" at work picked it.  We rolled in the parking lot and I was like OMG it is a pizza buffet and I am not equipped.  I need my stretchy pants not the tight jeans.  LOL!  The place was pretty quiet.  Only three other tables there.  You filed in a single filed and paid.  You walk down the path and find pizzas, salad, breads, pastas, soups, and deserts in LIGHTS!  All flashy and have that pick me sign hanging over them.  The pizza was ok, too doughy for me.  Everything else tasted like canned foods you re-heat at home.  I know it is super cheap and you should not expect gourmet pizza or anything.  So you get what you paid for!
4	Rand H. and I went to CiCi's Pizza for an early lunch. The second we walked in the door we were greeted with a " Welcome to CiCi's"! one from a young lady at the cash register, and two voices from somewhere else in the kitchen. We paid $4.99 and I proceeded past the soup and salad to the row of 15 fresh, hot and tasty pizzas. I enjoyed everything I ate. It was an amazing value!!! If I were to have combined all the pizza I consumed on one plate it would have stood 12 to 14 inches high.... How does this place stay in business? I dunno!!! Mucho Gordo! Four Stars People... . !!        Oh . . . as we were finishing our meal the Manager came to our table and asked us how we were doing.
3	Wow, it's over 2 years since I reviewed CiCi's here, even though I come fairly often!  This visit yesterday was with Jeromy H., & here's how it was for me:THE GOOD:*  ALWAYS a friendly greeting when entering, & usually on exit as well!  (On this visit, the friendly manager stopped by our table to check on us, also!)  They really show that they appreciate the business.*  Super low prices!  Usually only $4.99 for all you can eat, & sometimes $3.99 or 2-for-one coupon available!  (How do they do it?!)*  Clean, comfortable restaurant!*  Simple but tasty hot soup!  (This time it was Chicken Cavatappi.)*  Two choices of pre-tossed salad, or you can ask them to custom make one for you!*  Lots of pizza choices out, & if you don't see the one you want, you can ask them to cook it for you!= = = = =THE NOT-SO-GOOD:Most of the pizza is pretty blah tasting (but everything above helps make up for it).Ok, so it sucks a little bit...  but I'll see you there!     :-))
4	Cici's is just down the street from me so I have stopped in for lunch three or four times. I'm surprised I returned after my first experience because that time there were more tables piled high with dirty plates than clean tables when I went to sit down. There were noisy kids running all over.All of the times I visited for lunch after that have been fine and happily uneventful. After paying $4.00 plus drink for my lunch, I asked for a spinach pizza. They made it for me and brought me a few slices shortly after I finished my salad.I LOVE the Cinnabon dessert and unlimited Dr. Pepper. She'll be baaaaack!
4	Cici's is my go to place for a pizza buffet. Why? It's cheap, tasty enough and the cinnamon rolls are awesome.The salad selection's lame, but what the heck I only add that onto the plate to kid myself I'm eating healthy...Value for money?: I'd value this lunch at $6.49, but since it's usually cheaper then I always feel like I get a good deal. For me that pushes it from a solid 3-star place into a 4-star place.
1	We just left the place and I feel like I need to shower. Holy obesity! 80% of people in there were morbidly obese which made the smell unbearable. The remaining 20% looked like they fell straight out of the trailer park. I was afraid to eat the food definitely steered clear if the soggy looking salad and nasty pasta. The pizza was ok cinnamon rolls yummy but sooo not worth inhaling the body fat odor and holding down your food from the distasteful scenery.
2	This is a great place for kids under 12.....for adults it is simply terrible
2	Awe man I don't know what I was smoking when I decided to go in here lol, the food isn't satisfying and u might think since it's super cheap u want to stuff ur face, u won't want to!
2	I remember the last time I was here. Of course it's closed now. the last time I was at this location, I noticed that it was mostly deserted, except for some teenagers that were clearly gang members or something. One of the young guys kept trying to flirt with a woman that worked there. She was kinda cute...about my age. She kept shooting down his advances as politely as she could but he kept flirting with her. A seventeen year old punk trying to hit on a woman of thirty years old...that's unsettling in a way.The pizza was okay if you enjoy thin, tasteless crust and bland cheese w/ toppings. But I must congratulate them on their attempt at variety. The drink station wasn't bad but it could have been better. While they had plenty of various refreshing soft drinks, the area was almost always wet with soda puddles.I can't say I'm unhappy this location is closed. But I sure hope the woman who worked there has a better job now.
