4	I get the feeling Mozart has caused a few grumbles here and there due to strict rental agreement policies and such, but we've had nothing but a great experience living in one of their buildings. Every time we have a maintenance request, they get it done within 24 hours. The radiator heat is almost too strong. They're very courteous about letting us know when they need to get in the apartment. And to top it off, they redid our bathroom after we requested it.
4	I lived in the Wendover building for 5 years until the rent was raised beyond my limit. Mozart is a bit of a double-edged sword. No deposit, but they don't clean. (results from a discrimination lawsuit from the 90's) The office staff can be hyper-anal, but courtesy goes a long way with some of them. There was a round of random inspections to ensure there were no pest problems that might spread. 24-hour notice is a right in other states, but for the most part, they did not abuse the right in my building. Random inspections only happened once in my 5 years and only perhaps for new tenants or if it was triggered by a reported problem. It is easier to simply clean the place and ask.People have had bad experiences with them before, but they are a profit-maximizing firm like all others. And they do a good job for the price (that I used to pay). Favors should not be expected (unless perhaps you are one of the residents who has rented from them for more than a decade). Reciprocity does smooth out some of the rough edges.And they do weird things sometimes. 2 new window air conditioners were forced upon me. I prefer a whole window, but they have standards and they wouldn't budge. The original old fridge broke after 3 years. They replaced it in an afternoon and moved all of my food. New fridge broke and they replaced it in an hour.Mozart is a bureaucracy with its own dysfunctions and quirks.  It is mostly efficient and well run (at least they have standards). You cannot take a customer service attitude with them. Bad experiences are possible. I have been there. But it balanced out in the long run.  (This may not apply to you if you are temporarily here for 1 or 2 years.)I've had worse.EDIT: rating bumped to 4, Mozart actually *prefers* that you call them for maintenance issues and not let problems fester.
1	I'm taking the previous poster's advice and contacting the BBB.After nearly 5 hellish years with Mozart, this week I received a notice from them stating that they weren't renewing my lease.When I called the only incident they pointed to as an explanation was because I warned my neighbors of the peeping Tom that was masturbating outside of our windows on the fire escape. There are numerous young college aged females that live in the building and Mozart refused to install motion lighting of any kind. After the 3rd incident I contacted an attorney, warned every tenant with a notice and threatened to contact the media if they didn't do anything about it. They still refuse to install motion detected lighting, there are just very dim fluorescent lights out there now instead.Mozart then began updating my apartment on the guise that they were bettering it for me, when in actuality they were doing it so they could show it to others. They put in new floors and a new cabinet -- I even had to stay in a hotel (at my own expense) because of the dust, dirt and lack of a floor in my bathroom! I posted a picture showing my bathroom one day when I needed to "go."Today, I posted an art mosaic that I was sure to point out when they were showing my apartment. The mosaic, posted inside my apartment, provides ample warning that this apartment came with "strings attached" -- a sexual deviant.I posted a photo of the art mosaic on my facebook page too, for you to see as well:http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=42421164&l=67fe64e8eb&id=14209556It says:FUTURE TENANT (S): THIS APARTMENT COMES WITH A PEEPING TOM.I m not allowed to renew my lease because I warned all of the other tenants in the building after the 3rd incident of him masturbating outside my window. (staring through blinds) Mozart still refuses to install motion lightingRead all of the nightmares about Mozart Management (aka NALCO) at ApartmentRatings.comRead more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/PA-Pittsburgh-Mozart-Management-1020286.html#ixzz0bwwaLXMg
1	If I could, I would give this poor excuse for a managment company "0" stars.  I've barely in my place for 2 weeks and have had all sorts of problems.  Let's see the second day I moved in, the bathroom ceiling started to leak and then ultimately fell.  I was told that upon the initial complaint of the leak, that this was "normal" and that it was a result from the upstairs neighbors not fully closing their shower curtain.I'm not sure if this maintenance guy thought he was talking to a total moron, but somehow I doubt that a few sprinkles coming out from a bathtub in the above unit b/c the shower curtain didn't close all the way would cause a rain-like down pour in my bathroom.  I promptly contacted the management company during normal business hours and they came in and put a temporary board up until they could fix the problem.I stressed to them to please resolve the leak as replacing the ceiling wouldn't fix the real problem.  They said that they would look into it and replaced the ceiling but still needed to do a paint job and some plastering to seal the edges.  I waited a week to see if they would do the "final" touches to the bathroom.  They didn't so I had to call them to see if they were ever coming back to paint the wall that was ruined by the water damage.  They told me that they would try to get around to it but they have lots of units they have to work on...ummm so when did it become ok to do a half-assed job and leave a tenant with no time frame on when it would be completely done.  I figured I would follow-up with them regarding the final touches to the bathroom when low and behold the ceiling near the front door fell without warning, and from my perspective no reason at all.  If someone had been standing there, this would have caused serious injury.  This happened on a Saturday so I called and someone came to put temporary board up.  I planned on contacting them during normal business hours (M-F 9-5) to make sure that someone would be fixing the ceiling when I noticed the the bathroom ceiling (that they had just replaced) is starting to get discolored b/c of the leak.  So it's just a matter of time before the bathroom ceiling falls again since they failed to correct the source of the problem which is the leak that I had explicitly mentioned.  So if you want to move in to a place that is falling apart you should definitely move into their apartments.  I just can't imagine having to deal with this a year .  I already know that I will NOT renew my lease or EVER rent from this management company again.  Also fyi - don't bother calilng the emergency number b/c they'll either tell you there's nothing wrong or not show up at all.  This happened twice to me so far within a two week time frame.
1	I lived in The Pennsylvanian for one year.  It was so intolerable that I moved a month early and just ate the cost.The pluses: from a distance, the apartments are decent. and the maintenance staff is always around.The minus: the maintenance staff is always around.  As in, they took daily lunch and gab fests directly outside of the my living room window in the courtyard.  I'm not trying to be an elitist, but I would have liked to have been able to use the table right outside of my apartment in peace.  Additionally, they do random pest control, which is an excuse to snoop in your apartment.  Once, they found "a used pot soaking in soapy water and a teapot on the stove" (verbatim from the letter they sent me), which was considered "unhygienic."  This was a search they did without any warning to me and while I was at class.  I'm obsessively clean and generally didn't even leave any dishes soaking ever and I keep my CLEAN teapot on the stove since I make tea often.  It was insulting, and to make it worse, they insisted that they had to come back once a week for the next three weeks to check on my sink's cleanliness.  Whoever had "inspected" my apartment had rummaged in all of my drawers.  I then had a real estate lawyer friend remind Mozart of my rights, and they didn't bother me again until I moved out early--they were upset I was leaving the apartment "abandoned," even though I had paid the rent through the end of the lease.Furthermore, they absolutely refused to tell me when they would be spraying for these so-called pests, which I believe is why they started doing the "inspections"--to spite me.  Their staff is horribly rude that way.  After they posted a sign about spraying for pests, I went into their office with a note from my physician explaining I have very serious asthma and needed to know what they were spraying and when so I could go somewhere else for a couple days.  They said I was hindering their pest control, and then started the weekly inspections of my apartment.  This was after they randomly showed up unannounced and re-finished my bathtub while I was in class, and just left a note saying I couldn't shower for 2 days on the door.  The smell was so strong that I would have had to leave for that long anyhow.  Hence, why I asked about the pest spraying.The dry wall from the ceiling fell suddenly in large chunks all over my bedroom once, and it took 2 days to fix and they left dry wall dust all over my room (this was after I had cleaned up from the first dry wall).Incidentally, the first person they showed my apartment to took it, and the realtor thanked me profusely for having a such a nice set-up that it made it so much easier to rent than the "messy" units...I'm guessing places with TWO dirty pots in the sink.
1	I am a nice, amicable person. I treat others with kindness and have a highly positive attitude. I rarely complain about things. Thus, it makes me sad to write a negative review. However, the way in which Mozart Management Staff have behaved and conducted themselves over the past two years warrants this review. We moved to Pittsburgh when I was in graduate school. We loved our tiny, cute apartment at Schenley Arms, our first home as a couple. This abruptly changed when simple calls to request that they salt the driveway were met with aggression, irritability and statements such as "we have never had a complaint before" and "we cannot accommodate your schedule". I felt guilty at first about calling, but then had an epiphany and realized that Mozart has serious issues. The tone of their written  correspondence is also highly intimidating, demeaning and threatening. I will not bore you with the additional myriad of complaints that exist. What ever happened to customer service, decency and basic regard for other human beings?           If you value your hard earned money and do not want to be met with criticism and hostility when interacting with your landlord..AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Also, there are a fair amount of negative reviews when you do a search on Google..READ AND BELIEVE THEM. They are completely mean and disrespectful. This is not the kind of business I want to support, as it conflicts with my value system. We are moving out ASAP when our lease expires. PS the maintenance staff are fabulous and deserve 5 stars! I hope they aren't treated as bad as the tenants.
4	I didn't see any reviews for Mozart until after I signed my lease, and to say I was nervous about moving in is an understatement. The reviews for this company are terrible!!! That being said, I have never had an issue with them. I have lived here for 8 months, and I just renewed my lease to live here next year too. I have had a few issues with leaky sink faucets, cracks in the shower wall, cracked kitchen tiles, etc. and when I called them, whoever I talked to was very helpful and put in a maintenance request which was completed within a few days. The groundskeepers who work here during the day are nice and do a good job of keeping the courtyard and the common areas inside the apartment building looking nice. The management gets in touch with you every few months to make sure everything is okay and to see if you need any maintenance work or anything in your apartment. I have read some other reviews saying that the maintenance people will just show up at your apartment or walk in without knocking. From my experiences they really respect your privacy. They knock on your door multiple times saying "Mozart!", and if you don't answer, they unlock the door (unless you have the chain lock latched...then they call you because you're obviously inside...this has happened one day when I was sleeping) and they slowly walk into your apartment still saying "Mozart!" to make sure that if you're there, you know that they're there (this has happened when I was sleeping and didn't have the chain lock latched). If they do come into your apartment when you're not there, they leave a note in an obvious place saying what they did, i.e. "We came to look at the crack on the wall in the shower and will be back tomorrow around 10am to fix it." I am happy with my apartment and the experiences I have had with the management company.One thing I do have to comment on, though, is the application process. Do NOT apply unless you are 100% certain you are going to take the apartment because you do not get all the deposit money back if you don't take it!
3	I lived at the Wendover for the past two years.  As with any rental experience there have been both positive and negative experiences. Positives:-Easy to communicate with rental group with problems-Fast service-- less than 6 hours to replace stove and fridge when they broke-Heating is included and there is garage parking (for a fee of $50/month)-In-building laundry room-Location is close to bus lines and convenient to many restaurants, stores, etc.Negatives:-From February through June, expect lots of showings of your apartment--including weekend mornings and multiple showings in a single day and little notice (depending on the showing, I received between 3 hours notice up to 2 days notice)-In the first year I lived at the apartment both my stove and refrigerator had to be replaced, and while done quickly, it's highly inconvenient and it seems unlikely that appliances should have to be replaced that often (as an aside, they were replaced with used units)-Rental price: I would say that while well-kept, these apartments are definitely overpriced--and rent goes up each year (after my first year by $25 and then it was going to go up by another $35 this year so I chose not to renew my lease)While Mozart ended up being too costly for me, I'm sure that for some, its conveniences will outweigh the costs and to sum it up, I'd say that for the past two years Mozart has been an adequate/acceptable management company, but I'm happy to be moving on.
5	I have lived in Highland Park for more than 1.5 years. I have not had any problems with Mozart Management. They are a very responsible landlord. Every time there is something wrong with the apartment, if its an emergency (e.g. sink is stuck), they would fix it right away. One time a guy even came around 11pm. The rental office is very nice. They are also lenient on late payments as well as long as you have been paying on time most of the time. I was late three days one time and they did not charge me a fee for it. The highland park building (parklane) is very new and has safe and beautiful surroundings, with a responsible and understanding landlord, what else can you get? I am sorry that other people have bad experiences with Mozart but in my humble opinion, they are the best rental agency I have ever dealt with in the last five years of renting. Btw, they don't charge a security deposit!!!
1	I still get nightmares from just seeing Mozart management signs onBuildings anywhere in Pittsburgh.
4	I have lived at Mozart for 3 years now. Like anywhere else, there are pros and cons. Pro's first. I like to live a very quiet life. I work from home and I value my privacy. Mozart has always been good, and now has improved on that. When Maintenance comes I get warning, if there's a hazard or problem it gets fixed fast and usually at my choice of day and time, and the OUTSIDE is gorgeous. The guys who work and garden.... they do a meticulous, and fantastic job. So often people who do " Small jobs" are forgotten so they don't work hard. But house keeping, gardening, and the fix it guys are always respectful, friendly, and are highly knowledgeable.  Cons: Rent.... goes up every year to almost a ridiculous amount. I live in a studio and without utilities besides water and heat) it's over 600. However: I get this is a business and anything money related Mozart is a stickler on. Still: if they did some rent control... they could keep some really good clients. Sometimes I think that gets forgotten.  I'll have to leave next year, and who knows, I might rent another place w these guys.  But for now, I'm going to make the best of my time.
1	Terrible! I'm pretty sure I am the apartment above Serena R's review.  The time frame matches up well.  I moved in around August 2010 to a first floor apartment (with a lower level Apartment below me)  Within the first weeks of my arrival, maintenance people were at my door nearly every time I tried to shower.   I'm a young girl, living alone, with guys unceremoniously entering MY HOME every time my shower leaks!   Originally, they tried to convince me I wasn't closing my shower curtain... but then a started collecting crocks full over debris and water from behind the shower plumbing access door.  THEY tried to convince me that cups full were purely pipe condensation.   It took 6 months for them to resolve this situation. At one point, they even asked me NOT to use the shower.  A year later, the ceiling in my bedroom began to leak.  The wall began to crack and before long a grotesque, pink mold covered the backside of the layers of tan paint that fell from my walls and ceiling.  I was spending most of time out of town with a family illness when I noticed this happening.  When I stopped by the office to pay my rent, I talked to 3 people about what was happening... nothing was corrected UNTIL they started showing my apartment to potential tenants.  I used my apartment as essentially a storage unit until my lease expired.
2	Mozart Mgmt was the first landlord I have ever had. I rented a studio apartment, it was great for a 20 y/o part time student- however, not even 6 hours after moving in, I noticed a huge roach infestation crawling out of the ceiling. I have never in my life seen anything like it. I called the emergency line, and the guy assured me that they would have someone come over. No one ever came. I called 2-3 more times before giving up and going back to my mum's house. The following day I s/w the property manager who was very kind and helpful- agreed to reimburse me for 3 days worth of rent while they treated my apartment, and the entire building. They continued to f/u on my apartment until the end of my lease. The good thing about Mozart is that they care about the upkeep of their properties. The annoying thing- actually a HUGE problem for me was, the constant visits/interruptions in my apartment. I understand a few maintenance visits every now and then, but these people would come to my apartment sometimes 7 times a week for one thing or another. Also, b/c there was a roach problem, they would regularly inspect my apartment for "cleanliness". Ummm...newsflash, I didn't bring roaches to your property! Those things were clearly left by a previous tenant, but I'm the one being monitored for cleanliness? Another thing, Mozart staff are very friendly WHILE you're a tenant, when you decide not to renew your lease- yes, they make you decide in Feb if you're going to renew in August- they send you an almost threatening letter telling when/how to vacant. They also have prospective tenants viewing your apartments 7 days a week...morning...Sunday? They don't c are. Most times they will give you notice- but still, for a student that doesn't have classes and wants to sleep in at 9am, it can be a real hassle have to get up and leave your apartment.
4	I just moved out of Mozart's Arlington building in Shadyside, and I wanted to write a review to counteract some of the negative press that Mozart has been been getting on Yelp and elsewhere. The reason I moved out was mainly due to increasing rent and my desire to check out one of the other neighborhoods in Pittsburgh for a change of pace.Personally, I had no real issues with Mozart. The building was always kept clean and everyone I talked to -- from the maintenance guys to management -- was polite and helpful. The rooms in the Arlington were very quiet (I never heard my neighbors except for when people were talking while through the hallways). Heat (since it's included in rent) was reasonable, if a little hot at times. I'd say the overall condition of my apartment was above average. It's a really old building (~1910), but the amenities were kept reasonably up to date.A couple notes that people might want to be aware of:-Mozart requires that you let them know if you're moving out in February (6 months before your lease expires in August). I think that's pretty excessive, but it's their policy.-Mozart does not require a security deposit, so I'm not sure why some people are saying Mozart took their security deposit...-They have a "broom clean" policy which means essentially that as long as your apartment isn't gross when you move out, it's cool. So when you move into a new Mozart apartment, don't expect it to be spotless.Overall, I would say Mozart is a pretty safe bet if you're looking for an apartment in Pittsburgh. They have a few quirks, but I didn't really mind and would definitely rent with them again.
2	Pros: Good location (Melwood, Dakota building), utilities included, they sweep the hallways.Cons: Management was extremely rude and condescending when I had a problem that needed fixing. You have to take care of the A/C units, maintenance doesn't do that unless it is irreparably broken. My shower leaked, but they told me just to turn the knobs tighter ... sure dude. Still leaks. My toilet would run unless I jiggled the handle. When I moved in, I had to mop the floor 7 times to get clean water, the stovetop was caked with food, and oil was everywhere. Of course I cleaned as much to my ability, and then I got a notice saying that I wasn't keeping up with my lease b/c of some girl before me's mess. Sorry, but when the stovetop is brown from her burning shit, and I clean it to something passable, I shouldn't be penalized for this.Also, the water was shut off multiple times unannounced, and when I mentioned it and asked if they could just send out a notice, maybe detailing future outages, or even just an email saying how long it would be, I got a snarky reply saying that "emergencies happen, and blame the City of Pittsburgh because we won't be sending out any emails."NOT worth your money. Find a better management who doesn't take your money and piss on you. I never write reviews, but was so irate that I had to post this. Just treat me with respect, that's all I ask.
1	I can only comment on the lease application process, but my experience was very negative. They started out easy to work with, but that was short-lived. Scheduling apartment viewing was simple, and the people who showed me the units were relatively friendly. The issue came when I actually went to sign a lease.I was told on the phone and in person by the person showing me apartments that I would not need a cosigner, but as soon as I showed up for my lease application appointment, they told me I would need a cosigner. I scrambled to contact my mom, who was willing to cosign, but they said they needed BOTH parents to co-sign, and they wanted me to sign an agreement saying I would forfeit the $1000 deposit I had to pay upfront if I did not return all of my cosigners' documents within 7 days. This was an issue because 1 of my parents was out of town for the week. I tried compromising with them and seeing if they could change the agreement to give me an extra few days to get the cosigner paperwork in, or to see if I could just have my mother (who was more than financially stable) be the sole cosigner. They were unwilling to compromise at all, and I left after about a half hour of unproductive back-and-forth discussion. I could have gone back a week later, when both parents were in town, as the unit was still available, but I figured any place that difficult to work with when I was trying to give them money would be even more frustrating once I was contacting them for things like maintenance requests. I wouldn't say "never ever rent from them", but I would definitely be aware of how rude / difficult they can be.
2	I lived in Mozart's Highmont apartment for the past two years. The rent is too damn high. It was $730 including utilities when I moved in. If you sign a lease now it's $830. It has hardwood floors... In between the gaping crevices in the floor and splinters galore. The kitchen appliances are 3/4 size so your oven will not accept 11"X13" baking pans and the eyes of your stove are too close to cook more than two items at a time.This past winter was very snowy, and Mozart waits until the 23rd hour after snowfall to shovel and salt the walkways, so be prepared to have several near-death experiences getting down the two flights of steep stairs (with short, flimsy, definitely not to code railing). They sometimes creep in for inspections, then give you a 'B' without telling you what they didn't like. Aside from inspections, maintenance is really quick for all those pesky problems with the plumbing. The bathtub and sink drip constantly which would be concerning if utilities weren't included. The air conditioning is weak, the heat is hellish and there is very little temperature control since your windows are painted shut.  The laundry room is coin operated, it costs $1.75 to wash and to 'dry'. Your clothes will still be soaking wet from the dryer (yes even on high with a clean lint trap). Also be wary of the washers, sometimes people leave them nasty so do a sniff test and a visual inspection before you put your clothes in. The hallways smell like hot garbage, always. They will only be vacuumed shortly after move in in August and right before people start coming to view the apartments in February.Also, since the utilities are included, your name isn't on them which means:1. When you move on, the utility companies want to say you have no history with them because your name is not on the account.2. When Duquesne Light plays with power grid and knocks out your electricity for two days during a 95+ degree heat wave causing misery and spoiling all of your groceries so you are forced to go to the food pantry for months afterward, you can't do anything or be repaid for your losses because of #1. One last thing, there is a parking lot, but it costs $75 a month to park back there or you can park on a side street for free and walk 3 blocks with your arms full of groceries. And they will tow you! I was towed within 2 hours after parking back there at (10pm). So park tail-in if you need to use the lot quickly because the tow truck will have to switch equipment to ruin your day.TL:DR Value for apartment is not great considering all of the other b.s.
1	I'm taking the previous poster's advice and contacting the BBB.After nearly 5 hellish years with Mozart, this week I received a notice from them stating that they weren't renewing my lease.When I called the only incident they pointed to as an explanation was because I warned my neighbors of the peeping Tom that was masturbating outside of our windows on the fire escape. There are numerous young college aged females that live in the building and Mozart refused to install motion lighting of any kind. After the 3rd incident I contacted an attorney, warned every tenant with a notice and threatened to contact the media if they didn't do anything about it. They still refuse to install motion detected lighting, there are just very dim fluorescent lights out there now instead.Mozart then began updating my apartment on the guise that they were bettering it for me, when in actuality they were doing it so they could show it to others. They put in new floors and a new cabinet -- I even had to stay in a hotel (at my own expense) because of the dust, dirt and lack of a floor in my bathroom! I posted a picture showing my bathroom one day when I needed to "go."Today, I posted an art mosaic that I was sure to point out when they were showing my apartment. The mosaic, posted inside my apartment, provides ample warning that this apartment came with "strings attached" -- a sexual deviant.I posted a photo of the art mosaic on my facebook page too, for you to see as well:http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=42421164&l=67fe64e8eb&id=14209556It says:FUTURE TENANT (S): THIS APARTMENT COMES WITH A PEEPING TOM.I m not allowed to renew my lease because I warned all of the other tenants in the building after the 3rd incident of him masturbating outside my window. (staring through blinds) Mozart still refuses to install motion lightingRead all of the nightmares about Mozart Management (aka NALCO) at ApartmentRatings.comRead more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/PA-Pittsburgh-Mozart-Management-1020286.html#ixzz0bwwaLXMg
1	One of the worst mgmt companies i have ever dealt with.  The policies in their building are obviously very outdated but they refuse to make themselves better to serve their clients.  As long as they can wipe their hands clean, they are ok with it.  One aspect that they are great at is dishing off responsibility and making zero effort to give the tenants a better experience.  Mgmt does not think how to resolve the issue, instead they will cite a policy to justify why they cannot help you.
1	They just broke into my house without any notice to show around. They knocked so violently I almost mistaked it for gunfire. Then, before I was able to say anything, they broke in. There was at most 2 seconds interval between the knock and the break in. I wasn't dressed, and the guy just said "Oh hi, we're showing the apartment", and stormed into my kitchen. Ridiculous. I started ranting as soon as they left the room. This is totally invasive and disrespectful. I didn't read their lease very carefully when I moved in and I totally regret it (they shoved it to me and told me everything must be signed by the end of the day, so I thought whatever, how bad could it be?). Apparently, breaking into the house without any notice is written into the lease here, and if you don't comply, they'll fine you as much as your unit's monthly rent (around $1000 for telling them no you can't enter the house). I've heard of several cases like this. They're unbelievably hostile and try to juice as much out of your pocket as possible.
1	Mozart Management - Georgian on Ellsworth - AWFUL BUILDINGI have maintained video proof of all my miserable experiences living in my unit on the first floor for almost three months so far, and have provided proof of a couple of them here:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH8llYlRPz2Qm7ovPQWSlyAThis is the NOISIEST place I've ever lived, and I read ALL bad reviews posted about them previously, and what every single person before me wrote is completely and 100% accurate.  Mozart Management rented me and apartment on the ground floor directly across from the Maintenance Room/Office.  I had no disclosure of this whatsoever when I signed my lease.  There is no sign on the door, no evidence that this is where I would be renting a unit, or I'd have never signed a lease for this.  You will hear every single floor board in this building, whether it's above or beneath you.  The maintenance crew is helpful, they are NOISY and completely awful to live by.  Due to my location in the building, I hear them all day long, every single day, clearly from my unit because there is a lack of insulation.  They are often heckling and telling personal stories down the hall to one another, and I almost feel like I know more about their personal lives than I do of my own.  I don't even understand how they have the time for this.  The phone in the office rings all day long (also sounds like it's coming from my apartment, that's how loud it is) and I also get to hear every conversation made through walkie-talkies.  Every single day I hear the same man coughing and blowing his nose in the office as if he were sitting on my sofa doing it.  It's absolutely disgusting, and you get no peace whatsoever.Also, my apartment unit sounds like a construction unit on any given day.  On the other side of the hallways, something else I was never informed of, is some sort of tool room.  I often hear saws, drills, vaccuums, you name it.  All day long.Mozart has made an effort to calm the crew down for inappropriate content, but it's still not enough for my unfortunate apartment location.  My family and I did our research about this matter and it really is up to a rental company to first and foremost to provide a tenant with a peaceful and safe environment.  I never feel at peace here, and as a single female living solo, I am feeling less and less safe as I've become aware of having to share such close quarters with older men every single day that I do not know.  We asked kindly to be released from this lease, but Mozart feels they should be compensated from ME, even though they were creeps about disclosing the truth about this apartment.  Now, I am stuck due to the heavy fees it would cost. I REALLY wanted to like Mozart despite all of the bad reviews.  I'm truly not out to get anyone with writing a negative review.  But what the other renters have said IS true; Mozart's SOLE concern is about money, not the comfort or satisfaction of their customers.  They are untrustworthy, know they are untrustworthy, and are completely comfortable with being unethical.For the amount of rent paid here (I pay $860 a month for a 1-bed), I've learned you can find a similar, possibly even lower deal, right around the same area in a much more peaceful building.
5	I have lived in the Pennsylvania building for over 3 months now and I felt a need to counter act all these negative reviews I keep seeing on here.Firstly when I called maintenance to fix anything I would always get a prompt response usually within 24 hours. I remember my mailbox lock needed changed and 2 hours later a maintenance man came up to check and order a new one. People say Mozart has came into their apartment unannounced but that hasn't happened to us yet and Pennsylvania doesn't have a law requiring management companies to notice tenants when they will be coming over. So if you want a company to respect that you'll have to leave the state.  All the maintenance, management, and grounds keepers have been very polite and knowledgeable to my roommate and I.Be sure to read all of the lease before signing. They have all the information in their leases.
1	Okay I wrote my previous review when I was mad at them for breaking into my apartment. I want to provide a more complete and responsible review now, so people know what to expect for living at Mozart.1. READ THE LEASE. I have to put this in capitals because I didn't. It's very long, so I didn't bother. I thought, how bad could it be? I've lived in various apartments during college and everything was peaceful. You just have to look at how much you have to pay each month and what the deadline is, and some other stuff like lost keys and maintenance. Mozart's lease lists out at least a dozen things that they can fine you with, and the prices are ridiculous. On the top of my mind, there are full month's rent for refusing uninformed inspection, full month's rent for not returning keys on time, $500 for any animal, 3 month's rent for moving out before the original date of leave, if you "move out" because you died your relatives are required to pay that 3 months rent... And there's a policy that states that by signing this contract you waive your legal rights according to (some law that I forgot). I don't have time to bring this to court but I don't think it's legal to make such a contract.2. They provide almost zero service. We once called them for clogging in the sink and bathtub, and maintenance showed up for the first time over a week later. And it took about a month to actually get it fixed. I think there was a 3 day period where we weren't allowed to shower to fix the problem. And there was also this time when maintenance showed up in the morning when I was in the shower. They told my roommate that they'll come back next week if I can't get out of the shower immediately. Also I think there was this time last winter when the heating broke down and we wrote them an email, and they said "we don't take responsibility in alarming you of things like this. I would advice you to shut the windows firmly and use blankets to block where wind might blow in." What? My neighbor moved out after 2 months of living in mozart because of things like this. Mozart gave no shit about his quality of life living there or anything they could do to make stuff less of a problem. He had to pay a fine equivalent to 3 months rent ($3000+), but he moved out with no hesitation.3. They are extremely rude. I remember explaining something to them in email for an expensive fine that I didn't think was my fault. And they replied in a middle school bully tone which basically said "we don't care what your circumstances were. you owe us a grand. shut up and pay asap". So I replied in demand for an explanation for their attitude, and my next couple of emails were responded by three different person, each saying the previous went out on vacation. Lol yeah. And I can't remember the circumstance, it was either moving or parking or cleaning, but I swear I've been called an idiot to the face by one of their people. They might seem polite when they're trying to sell you the place, but they'll show their true disrespectful nature when any conflict arise. If you can deal with that, welcome to mozart. Later a friend told me that it's probably because that the fine is $1000+ that they're so determined to milk that money out of you without listening to any explanation you might rightfully have and going as far as to insult you to sound firm.4. Oh, by the way, I don't think they really know their place. They were showing the place to some potential tenants, and they were pointing at stuff that we brought in and said it comes with the apartment. I had to tell the ppl seeing the place that it wasn't true, that the microwave, wardrobe, mirrors were actually all ours. I'm really surprised the guy showing the place didn't call me an idiot in the face right there lol. Anyway, I'm saying this, if they look nice at your first encounter (especially if that's before you sign the lease and everything), don't believe it. They'll never be as nice after you sign, unless you get a perfect room with no problems and you never talk to any of their staff.5. The price might look okay, but it really isn't. I think my rent was a bit over 1000 for 2 people, but utilities are not included, parking is not included, and they have the highest laundry fee I've ever seen. Plus, they fine you a grand for the most trivial things. So think about how much you actually have to pay to live in such a bad place.Anyway, I'm very happy that I moved out. If you are thinking about living there, DON'T. It's gonna be a nightmare.
4	Mozart Management  is great! They have been extrememly professional and considerate the whole time I have rented. I have been renting for years and they are the best property management company I've had. Stacey, the property manager, has been very responsive any email I send her and goes out of her way to make tenants' lives easier. I couldn't ask for anything more out of a property management company.
1	Absolutely horrible. My sink has been overflowing onto my countertops and ruining my belongings multiple times. Management did not even apologize for my inconvenience.
