5	This is one of the greatest auto collections I have ever seen in person in one place.  If you like antique cars, this is the destination for you to go to once you set foot in Vegas.    The rare cars are incredible and you are able to see them up close and not behind a glass window....BUT DONT TOUCH.An excerpt from the descriptions of the cars on display...For those who prefer the rarest of the premiere classic automobiles, historic cars like a 1932 Rolls-Royce Phantom II Continental Figoni et Falaschi Pillarless Berline, a wide assortment of legendary Duesenbergs or a 1928 Mercedes-Benz S Tourer which is valued at more than $4,000,000 are always found on the floor of The Auto Collections at the Imperial Palace. Our Grand Salon features the best of the best Classics Automobiles ever produced. You will see the best of: Packard, Rolls-Royce, Duesenberg, Hispano-Suiza, Talbot Lago, Bentley, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Bugatti, Cadillac, Delahaye, Delage, Mercedes-Benz, Maybach, Horch, Isotta Fraschini, Pierce Arrow, Minerva, plus many more. Our Main Floor features: Alfa Romeo, Dodge, Chevrolet, Porsche, Volkswagen, Ford, Jaguar, Maserati, Lancia, Austin Healey, Audi, BMW, Buick, Chrysler, Cord, Auburn, Franklin, Hupmobile, International, Kaiser, Hudson, Lincoln, Locomobile, Mercury, MG, Morgan, NSU, Oldsmobile, Pontiac, Renault, Shelby, Stutz, Cooper, Harley Davidson, Indian, plus many more. Truly an incredible collection and a must stop for car lovers.
4	Not the biggest car museum I have ever been in, nor the most impressive, but very cool.  It was fun to see Johnny Carson's old car, and the Austin Healy I always wanted as a kid.  And if you like muscle cars, you are in for a treat.  The unique thing about this museum is that you can actually BUY some of the cars.  It is billed as the biggest antique car SHOW ROOM.  But don't look for any bargains.
1	$10 admission? You're kidding me, right? We opted to not bother after a quick look around and then being informed there was an admission fee. This should be free, I was bummed.
1	It was a free attraction that wasn't free.  BS.  I'm not paying $10 to walk around in a warehouse that smells like cigar smoke.  Even if the cars are pretty.
5	If you can sucker someone to give you a flier, or stay at the Imperial Palace, you can get in for cheap/free. Use your AAA card to get in for free.I was lucky that someone behind me had a free ticket. I took tons of pics - there are some sexy ass cars.If you're going to take pics, bring your soft box. (-: It's hard to take good pics of cars - the flourescent lighting is havoc unless you can gel for the lights.3 Alfa romeo Bats. Nuff said.Most of the cars are for sale - if you have 45k to 1.5million, that is...
4	I'm just starting to enjoy classics more. I always appreciated a good classic but never sought it out. The auto collection is definitely a great start!
3	If you get in for free, this is a great attraction.  There are coupon books in cabs and what not that have tickets.  AAA also gets you in for free, I think.  I just read on Yelp that the auto collection website might even have a free offer.If paying $10 is the only option, I would recommend going if you really like cars.  Probably not the best place to take the uninterested wife/girlfriend.  The reason for that is that the setting itself isn't all that nice.  Have you been to the Imperial Palace?  If it were in the Bellagio or Venetian, I probably wouldn't feel the same way.Anyway, there is a nice collection of classic cars and some are for sale.  The museum is pretty large (the whole 5th floor) and there are some famous "Vegas" vehicles on display.
4	If you're into antique and rare autos or just a motor junkie this is definitely worth checking out. And although the 5th floor of the Imperial Palace isn't the most luxurious place the cars you get to see certainly make up for it. Like most people have already said you can usually find coupons or finagle some sort of discount to get in. One thing thats even cooler about this place is that almost all the autos in here are up for sale, however, for the price tag on some of them you might have to live in the back seat to pay it off.
5	If you are into antique cars, you'll LOVE this place.  It's much bigger than I expected.  We got in free with the coupon so it was even better.  I took so many pictures but am not going to post since there are so many here already.  All I can say is that I LOVE this place, particularly all the RR!  They are BEAUTIFUL!
5	Its a great place to kill some time and see some amazing cars, that layout is HUGE.http://autocollections.com/index.cfm?action=freeThere is the link for 2 free admissions which will save you a few bucks.
4	This collection is worth it if you have to pay ($7) or if you get in free as they do have some of the most rare cars in the world!   I'm not a huge car enthusiast and I enjoyed it as much as my BF!  The only down side was as this was at the 5th floor parking garage area, it takes forever for an elevator to get out of there. It's also not in the glitziest of showrooms, but the cars more than make up for it!
5	LOVE IT...why? IT'S FREAKING FREE!Go to their website and you'll be able to get a link for a free pair of tickets. I printed two and my friends and we were just amazed how many cars they have. The boy was in heaven. Some cars he told he hasn't seen in person at all. Definitely a nice break from all the craziness of the strip. PS: we just had a hard time finding it since the Imperial Palace was hidden.
5	This has to the most understated attraction in all of Las Vegas, Nevada. I even have friends local to the area who are die hard car fans that have not managed to visit. Get over the fact that you have to pay a few dollars for this place, your on vacation. The collection probably has at least $20,000,000+ in vehicles sitting in it just after New Year's Eve. I won't go into much detail on what is in the collection since most of the cars are on sale and they rotate selection in and out. They have rooms full of cars that span exotics from the 30's to old school American muscle. Words just really cannot express how good of a time this was. The storefront could use some more car related merchandise without a doubt. A last warning that I will issue that you will spend a ton of time here. The more die-hard of a car fan the longer. I took a good four hours in this place but am probably on the much more obsessive end of an automobile fan.
5	Las Vegas: home to gambling, bad decisions, and.....the largest collection of antique cars? Yeah, I didn't know either.The Auto Collection at the imperial palace is nothing short of AMAZING! They have a large collection of Bentleys, Rolls Royces, Ferraris, Fords, EVERYTHING. If you're a car nut, this place is a must-see. And even if you're not, it's hard to not appreciate the history and craftsmanship of the cars of years past. Check the website and you can easily find free admission coupons. It's a must see, i mean afterall, it's not everyday that you're in the same room as $20,000,000+ worth of vehicles.
4	Saaawheaaaat. A kickass selection of oldies american classics, oldie race cars and some odd and unusuals. A cool little getaway when wanting to escape the strip.
3	My husband was psyched to see this collection. The Imperial Palace is not the most luxurious place, the exhibit space is pretty bare-bones, and the gift shop is pointless, but you're here for the cars, right?There's an impressive representation from the classic era: from a fab 1930 Lincoln to a decent batch of muscle cars and other '50s-'60s iron.  He was particularly taken with a beautiful '65 Chevy Impala coupe in the rare Evening Orchid color. Experimental and concept cars from American makers will be interesting to those in the know. Everything is in superb condition.A lot of the cars were Rolls Royces, which aren't his area of interest. There's also a shrine to Johnny Carson, along with the car he learned to drive on and subsequently restored. Aside from the celebrity factor, that didn't seem very compelling, car-wise. Some wacky postwar European cars made him laugh and shake his head. Some decorative elements (maniquins, a player-guitar) are just bizarre.Car devotees will like it here; car devotees who are tired of walking around the strip will love it; and car devotees who are tired, and who found a coupon to get into this place for free, will be thrilled.
5	I havent been here in years and it was a fun experience than and it still is when i went a few months ago. Also if you have the Cash some of the cars are for sale, and take as many pictures as you want to. Here is the link for a coupon so you can enter for free. Print out as many as you would like. http://www.vegascoupons.com/lasvegas/2009/08/imperial-palace-auto-collection-coupon/They have a whole nother side that i hadnt seen when i went years ago. For Cheap fun for the whole family i recommend checking it out if your into Cars. The Gift Shop is nice too.
4	Ton of cars, very impressive, but a little difficult to find.  Imperial Palace is on the strip, but kind of tucked away behind stuff.  Tip:  check out their website and print the free entry coupons.  It was worth the $10 or so for admission, but FREE was even better!
4	I went in July to see the Auto Collection.  I'm not a big fan of cars, but I decided the free coupon was a reason to go and see what everyone had talked about.This is a huge and great display of vintage cars and other memorabilia, especially the old jukeboxes that were for sale.  Many of the cars are for sale, too, but some are display only.  And, the place is huge with so many cars!The Johnny Carson car was the one I wanted to see and it brought back a lot of memories of my youth.  There's a lot here for an entire family to enjoy.With this coupon, good until the end of the year, you get one free admission.  Print as many as are in your party.  Few people paid the day I went.http://autocollections.com/index.cfm?action=free&tab=free
5	One Word FREE!!!Huge car collection, and guys seem to Love this place.  Very cool cars from 1920's to the present.  The Imperial Palace Casino also has the dealertainers, and low limit tables.
5	Well i agree with J.D. One Word FREE....wohoooo!!!!! I visited this fabulous world of automobiles and i have to say i was extremely impressed. Warning: the fumes from the cars can be pretty overwhelming in some parts of the showroom so be weary of that. The 66 mustang.....the 99 S500 Mercedes Benz for only 22,500.....the 14,500 dollar YUGO....yes...YUGO.....and the 08 Corvette limited Edition are must see cars here. I swear if i had the money on me right then for that S500 Mercedes i would be driving that bad boy back to Arizona right now. They say at least one car a day is sold here...and at some of the prices i seen....i definitely believe it. So if you a car fanatic like myself......and you are in Las Vegas for any reason....go to the Imperial Palace....5th floor....and enter automobile heaven. Enjoy my friends!!!FYI: check out the great photos i took...and you will get a clear cut idea on what i mean about the CARS....and the PRICES....wohooo!!!!
4	The only good thing going for Imperial Palace.  Tip: bring your AAA or military ID for free admission. Lowlight: walking through the casino to get there.
4	I don't normally ogle over cars at all. I'm just not a big fan of auto shows. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to this auto collection. On display are so many different exotic cars it's hard not to get drawn in. I used the free coupons online and went with my Mom (a car enthusiast). I was so happy to see that Elvis Presley's 1977 Lincoln was on display. That alone made this trip worth it. We no longer have the Elvis museum in town so any chance to see some King's memorabilia is a treat!
5	A nice place to spend some time out of the heat and casino.  Where else can you see half a million dollar cars in one place?  Bring you dslr camera.  Trust me.  You'll want to take a picture of the$12000 Yugo.
4	I've been going here for my whole life almost...... I remember it being a lot more nicer back in the day when it was a collection and cars weren't there to be sold. You could see such cars as the Delorean, 1930's firetruck, the largest Duesenberg collection, 1 out of 3 made safarai cars with a leather exterior made in the 40's I believe (it's been 15 years since I last saw that car in the collection) and more exotic and rare vehicles. You can still see the collection, although it's not as impressive as it use to be.
5	This is definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas! You'll find it in the Imperial Palace and there is a free ticket in the Total Rewards book (which is free to sign up for).There is an enormous amount of amazingly beautiful cars here. Many you won't find many other places in the world.I'm a car guy, but even if you're not, you'll still enjoy the awesome cars here. Great examples of all kinds of makes, and not just the ones you know. Take a look at some of the Yelp pics to see what I'm talking about.Fantastic!
5	Went to see the car collection at the IP. It's probably been 10 years since we did this. You can get free tickets here:http://www.autocollections.com/index.cfm?action=free&tab=freeMost all the cars are for sale. There's 3 huge rooms with cars...hubby and I had a good time just gawking. Definitely worth the time!Car Collection:https://picasaweb.google.com/115020347051893738999/CarCollectionAtTheIPVisited November 2011
4	stopped by here the other day to check out the cars with the family as my dad is a huge fan of cars and i am pretty fond of cars also.  the collection is pretty large for being in a hotel/casino and has some very nice cars.  a few 1 of 1 type cars, and a decent amount of cars that i haven't seen before.  it was also pretty cool that most of the cars were for sale, however, the prices of some of them seemed pretty high, but i guess it is to get the drunk guy who just won a large sum of money gambling or somethingwith the total rewards players card and getting the 2 for 1 entry it wasn't bad, but if we had to pay $9 a person, i don't think i would have enjoyed it as much.  overall, id go back.  not sure how soon as i would want to see if some of the cars change and i feel going too often you aren't going to see a lot of the cars change
5	I had never been to these car collections before, but it was great to see what kinds of antiques and styles they had. Most of the cars were actually for sale. With 100+ cars to see, you can expect to take about 30-45 minutes to get through the entire collection. It's either $8.95 for admission, or you can find a coupon for free admission on their website, but either way, it is a must-see for those who love cars.
3	It was ok. I love cars. I love classic cars. But this was just ok. It is in imperial palace which is not the nicest hotel. I could not find the auto collections, it was like a maze in the imperial palace. The place where the cars where set up was very hot and shabby. Hard to keep my wife in there when it is hot. There where some nice cars in there in pretty clean conditions. But I would only come here if you get a free coupon. Other wise I would skip out on this attraction.
4	If you like Classic cars, you'll love The Auto Collections at Imperial Palace. Even if you're not really into cars, it's a cool place to kill some time before a night of hard partying on the strip. Plus, if you go onto their website you can print out free tickets. Anything free in Vegas is cool. I loved all the old Rolls-Royce Phantoms and the classic 50's cars like the 1957 Baby Blue Chevy Bel Air. Honestly though, I wouldn't have paid the $8 admission price. It was cool and all but I'm not much of a car guy and I would rather put the $16 (the cost for my wife and I) we would have paid towards some tasty treats. Since it was free, I'm a fan.
3	I'm always up for a car show, so I rounded up a couple of others from our little rat pack of seven vacationing up here & went to check it out.The good:  There are a fair number of cars on display.  They claim there are 150, 200, or 250 cars on display, depending on which ad you are reading at the time!  I have a hunch it's closer to 150, which is ok.The not-as-good:*  This show is really spun toward certain makes of car...  perhaps according to the operator's taste?  For instance, there were LOTS & LOTS of Rolls Royces here, but not a single Buick (my favorite brand)!!*  There was a Yugo, without a single word on the sign about what an outrageous mess this car was!  Have you read "The Yugo:  The Rise & Fall of the Worst Car in History"?  The book is a scream, & a guy I used to work with bought one of these new for $3990.  I could write a book about HIS Yugo!!     :-))We all got thirsty & there isn't a single drinking fountain in the place.  You have to go back out to the lobby & buy a soda for $3 (!) & drink it there!     :-O*  It costs $8.95 to get in, or $8.05 with your Total Rewards card.  I think it should have been free.Bottom line:  I think the auto show at Riverside Resort & Casino, Laughlin is much better, & it' IS free.  It starts at street level & then most of it is up on the 3rd floor as I recall.  You also get a host character over there who knows all the cars & will go on & on with you about them for hours if you like!  I had lots of fun at that one!     :-))
5	Ohmigod, Jaguar XJ220!  Need I say more?Buick GNX, too?!?  And an IROC-Z Camaro??  Is this place for real??Happily, it is for real!  And they've got dozens and dozens more classic cars to gawk at. The collection seems to be somehow linked to the Blackhawk Museum in Danville, CA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/blackhawk-museum-danville#hrid:yeNgQPn9MYo3Utl40BzgEQ/), because we saw at least three cars that we had seen there before. Which is not a bad thing at all. Dozens of Rolls-Royces seemed a bit disproportionate, but I can't really complain. I will complain that the number of VWs allowed in a classic car collection should be less than one. Cool thing about this place is that the majority of the cars are for sale!!  The prices seem higher than I would consider paying, however.  Sadly, the Jaguar was not for sale.Tickets are $8.95 for adults, but, you should not have to pay full price.  Go online to their website and print up a coupon (or several) for FREE admission!! (They need a printed copy, our iphones didn't cut it).  Alternatively, Tix4Tonight offers half-price tickets as well.
3	When we checked in I asked how much it cost to get into the Auto Collection and the guy at the desk gave me two free passes. It has some pretty cool cars its also very cheap even though I didn't have to pay.
4	Just an amazing car collection and a must visit if in Vegas and you love classic and out of the ordinary cars.The Imperial Palace is not really a destination casino on the Las Vegas Strip, and entering it does look kind of time worn, but once you enter the showroom of cars as far as the eyes can see you are transported into another world. From Rolls Royce's, to 60's-70's Muscle Cars, to European vehicles, to 50's classic American cruisin' cars, to rare Model T's and Duesenberg's, to celebrity cars, to cars used in movies, to early 20th century cars, to even the Pope Mobile!Such an impressive and one of a kind collection of automobiles that will thrill any gear-head, sports, or classic car aficionado. Worth it to kill a few hours out of the heat, and out of the casino's, to walk around and view these wonderful looking vehicles. I try to go here each time I am in Vegas. The old Mustangs are my favorites.  Admission is $8.95 for adults, but check on their website and print up a coupon for free admission! Sometimes you can also find them being handed out along The Strip and in the local coupon booklets. Amazing display of automobiles and totally worth the price of admission. One of the cheapest things you can do in Vegas along The Strip too!
1	Great car collection but they refused to take their free coupon online without it being printed out which is absurd, a waste of money and trees.  Further the Imperial Palace is truly a dump, it should be torn down.  It smells like sewage and the elevators do not work well.
5	Great. Printed free passes ahead of time from their website. Entrance lady took them without any hassle. An hour in the AC looking at beautiful old cars. What's not to like?I wouldn't book a room here, the rest of the Imperial Palace is an aging dump. Cars good, hotel bad.
4	This is a great place. If you look online, you can print out coupons to get in for free. The collection is very nice with some super rare cars, tony soprano's suburban and a few race cars. Its well worth going through
3	Expected better from the reviews.  My hubby loves cars so I thought great, let's go there.  Printed out the free tickets.Imperial Palace is undergoing some renovations so it was a maze and a half to get there.  Took forever, and on a hot day it was difficult.  Finally made it all the way to the back and up the elevator.  guy took the free tickets.We went in .. well lots of cars.  But .. no a/c and a lot of similar cars to me.  I was more expecting both antique and modern and a variety ... I guess also cos I know the hubby loves camaros and muscle cars and there weren't as many.  Overall, it was fine cos it was free but I'm glad we didn't pay for it.  By the end it was so hot and we couldn't stand being there much longer.
4	I totally forgot this place until my last time in Las Vegas! On a separate trip to Vegas from the one I have been describing my cousin, myself, my brother and his friend all went here. I am not a guy that is interested at looking at old cars. I prefer my films, thank you! That is not to say that I did not enjoy going to this museum! There are all kinds of beautifully restored old cars to look at as well as rare models in which some of them look pretty funky! There are some cars that famous and notorious people rode or drove in. For example there is one car there that Hitler actually rode in! Admission is inexpensive and worth a peek! The museum is hidden more or less in Imperial Palace so it may take a while to find if you do not ask!
5	Awesome car collection in an a/c showroom. Second time here because of "Eleanor" the mustang from Gone in Sixty Seconds. I could spend all day here......but only stayed about an hour, gf was with me.You get a slight discount if you show your Total Rewards card. Don't forget to bring a camera.Just read another review and yes if you go to their website you can print a FREE ADMISSION pass!!!!
5	DRIVE IT LIKE YOU STOLE ITI love cars. I especially love classic cars. My daily driver is a 1966 Mustang. Plus, my dad raced Cobras and Shelbys ('65 and '66) during my childhood so I have a serious love for classic cars and still enjoy watching vintage auto racing at the local tracks. So when an employee at the Flamingo Hotel gave us free tickets to check out this collection I was really excited. My husband knew more about most of the cars we saw than I did but we both had a great time walking around. Lots of cars dated to the 1930s and were very unique. Had a couple historic racing cars and some police and medical responder vehicles. Our favorite car was easily figured out. Husband loves the movie "Gone in 60 Seconds" and I love Mustangs. Eleanor is a 1967 Mustang (it's from the movie's remake). The original movie used a 1971 Mustang that was remodeled to look like a 1973. So pretty.The showroom was very large and circled around in a couple different rooms. The A/C was working fine (I see this is a problem in a couple reviews).  Even though our tickets were free, I wouldn't have been upset to pay $10 pp, but probably not more than that. Not sure how much regular tickets were, or tickets with the AAA discount.A small gift shop is connected to the showcase and has old Car Magazines, books, and standard gift shop toys and drinks and t-shirts.
1	I was disappointed that it cost $15 to go through it, even if you stay at the hotel. I even showed my room key to the lady at the desk and she still wouldnt let me see it for free.
5	Free entrance if you print coupon from their website
4	This place was quite the pleasant surprise.You can print out a coupon from their website for free admission (normally 12 bucks).I called to see if they can just scan it from my phone and they said no so I went to one of those internet kiosks in the casino and paid 5 bucks (for 15min) to print out 2 coupons.The actual showroom is quite large and the cars they had on display were pretty impressive.  Since this is an actual showroom (as in most of the cars are for sale), the actual cars on display varies.There were a ton of Rolls Royces, a few race cars, some classic american cars and a decent amount of classic european cars when I was there.   Each car has a placard in front of it that indicates the provenance/history of the car.I wouldn't go out of my way to go to this exhibit but if you've been to Vegas plenty of times already and have some free time between all the gambling, eating and partying i'd highly recommend checking this place out.
4	Went to the Auto Collection on July 123, 2013.  Me and a buddy printed out free admission passes from their website.  Kind of hard to find, especially with all the construction going on right now.  Overall its a great place to waste some time and see some really cool cars.  There is something missing though, me and buddy both agreed.  There are a lot of 1940s and 1950 cars, but they need some 1970s muscle to bring the place to life.  There were some empty spots and that would be the perfect place for them.  Im a early 60s T bird kinda guy and they had 4, plus some baby birds (1950s) so I enjoyed what I saw.  Throw in a few Judges, Cudas, Camaros, Mustangs, etc and the place would be pretty kool.  Also some color on the walls or even some cool murals would spice things up.  I went here almost 20 years ago and not much has changed.  Hopefully there will be changes for the better like the rest of the hotel.  A definite must see for car guys and gals
5	This was actually pretty cool... Planned on eating at Hash House, so thought I would see what else was in the Quad, and if you look on their webpage, there is a coupon for free admission...get it!  They really had some gorgeous wips here!  Interesting thing is, they are all for sale... so as soon as I get some dough I am going back.  I really liked seeing JFK's car!  It is kind of hard to find in the Quad, but worth the look.
5	Can spend a good hour here - longer if you actually stop at every car and read the descriptions.  All varieties and years of cars, many with colorful histories in racing, or Hollywood stardom, or even government controversy.  What's even more fascinating is that majority of the cars are FOR SALE.  Depending on your motives (and salary), this could really be an auto mall =)
4	Another great option for people looking for good, clean fun. It was a little hard for us to find, I wish I could help you on how to get there but truth is, I don't remember!It was a little pricey for me, but they offered discounts to people staying in the hotel and AAA members, and military. I don' t know that I would pay for it again.There are some seriously cool cars in there! That said, I thought is would be bigger, and there were SO many Rolls Royces!! Yes, they are cool cars, but that kind of wears off when you see so many of them. I would say 85-90% of the cars in there were Rolls Royce! I liked seeing the Marine Corp tribute, as well as the JFK car, Chinese Presidential car, the suburban from The Sopranos, the Judge, there were lots of awesome cars besides the Rolls Royce's! I would not go again unless I had some sort of a discount, only because of the small size of cars on display and the overabundance of Rolls. Still, I'm glad we went!
3	This place has some really nice cars but the place is kind of a dump. They haven't updated the inside since the 70's. The Quad used to be the Imperial Palace but all they did was put up a new sign. The parking garage is small and dingy. The elevator is horrible. The floor is black with dirt and you wonder how long it will keep working. I guess it is under construction so maybe they will put some money into the place and fix it up. A lot. It needs it.We had free passes from the Imperial Palace but they still honored them. Plus they have free passes that you can print online from their website. Do this. There is no reason to pay to see this exhibit. Like I said they have some really nice cars but nothing really impressive. I guess I am more of a hot rod/muscle car guy. They had some really expensive cars. One room was full of the top most expensive cars. Lots of old Bentleys in this room with some Mercs.Every car is pretty much is for sale too. If you have the cash go for it. They had cars from $8000 all the way into the millions.For me they desperately need to update the room and the whole place. Plus get some more hot rods, muscle cars and sports cars. It was worth seeing for free. I never even knew this collection was here. I might go back for free but only after I do everything else on the strip first or I have an hour to kill with nothing else to do.
4	Came in here with a free coupon, and without the coupon, it wouldn't be worth the actual price.Had a hard time finding this place, but after getting clarification from a security guard at The Quad, my friend and I found it. The amount of unique, nice, and classic cars was very good, and I never knew that certain cars like those existed. The Rolls Royce cars looked really good.Also, if you're one of those antique car collectors (which I'm not :D), you will notice that a good amount of the cars on display are for sale. Maybe you'll find something that's appealing to you. Overall coming here once was enough. As mentioned earlier, try to come here with a coupon. I just wish they had some more on display, but hey, if you're a die-hard classic car fan, then consider checking out this place.Cheers!
4	Really enjoyed myself at the Auto Collections! The cars are beautiful, and there are so many of them! Price is reasonable (12.50 I believe).Would recommend to anyone who loves old cars!
5	Auto lovers should be prepared to be impressed.  The Auto Collections at The Quad is is a little hard to find but if you like cars, this is an automobile lovers nirvana.I actually thought it was a museum going in, which in a way it is.  The reality though, is that's it's a classic car auto dealership for extremely wealthy people.  Seriously, it's an ultra high end exotic / classic auto dealership on the fifth floor of the Quad.  You and I can pay to look at all the cars that you and I can't afford.So what kind of autos are there?  Ultra rare, custom built autos mostly.  There are well north of 130 classic autos on display here.  Many have connections to royalty, presidents, celebrities, you name it.  Most are in either original mint condition, have been refurbished or have been totally restored.  It's an impressive collection right in the middle of The Las Vegas Strip.  I'd even go so far as to say their display is even more amazing than the Henry Ford Museum's automotive display.  Yeah, it's that good.Admission is $12.95 and it's well worth the money.  There are discount coupons on-line and you can also get a discount with your Rewards Card from Harrah's Casino or if you have a military ID.I'd recommend taking about an hour or so to go through it.
4	Car enthusiasts will find a nice selection of classic cars here and you can get in for free if you print out the tickets on their website (that will save you $9 per adult and $5 per senior).  My little guy had fun checking out the cars and you can learn a few things if you pay attention to the labels and features.  The Quad however is a very old building complex that is in dire need of updating.  When you park, there are no signs where to go.  You have to go exit the parking lot, enter the casino building and take the elevators to the 5th floor.  Also there is a sign at the parking lot that says to make sure you lock your car doors since they will not be liable for lost items.  The area is also very dirty.  The elevators of the casino going to the 5th floor auto collection got busted before we could go down so we had to take the stairs when we exited.  Be prepared.The gallery with the cars though is large, air-conditioned and clean.  If you are in the area and appreciate classic cars, or want to splurge on a $1.2M 1958 Rolls Royce Silver Cloud I, then put this on your list.
5	Great museum, lots of variety, but also lots of rolls Royce. Definitely worth the price of admission (free if you visit their website first.
4	I actually had pretty low expectations when I went.  I got a free ticket, so I though why not.  I had heard earlier that it was basically a parking garage.  I tend to disagree and actually enjoyed a quick walkthrough to see the cars.  Cars are well taken care of and displayed well.  Interesting history is posted with some cars, along with prices if you wish to purchase one.  It was pretty cool to see the expected asking prices for some of the cars.  I think a reasonable price is $5-$10 for ticket price if you are unable to get a free pass.
2	Great collection, but very hard to find. Free is not free unless you bring a printed copy of coupon. They are not nice about it.
5	One of the best car collections I have seen. If your in vegas and a vet you will get in free. I gave a donation/tip to the nice old lady at the counter..  Don't miss this low cost show if you love cars..
5	A must see even if you have 1day in NV Whats not to love-it's free, magnificent views, so much history, art, culture and definitely a gem. They've perfected a museum into a beautiful location..the most amazing views of NV The grounds are immaculate, easy to navigate and a lot of places to sit, relax, have a coffee/snack and enjoy the views and take in the culture. Everyone is so informative and its a great place to spend a day. Note: this area is very congested with traffic.
