4	This is simply a great place to shop, or come and just have a look!  The thing to remember is this--Eons is a very small shop and it's best to come here on a weekday when they aren't so overwhelmed.  Like the nearby Hey Betty!, what they have here is usually first-rate.   They do NOT sell junk here (no Salvation Army Thrift Store this) but rather high quality antique clothing, many one-of-a-kind.  Like all good vintage shops, it can be a bit pricey, but if you're willing to sift and look hard, you can usually find something you want.  The clothes on their racks look clean, and are in good condition.I'm not into vintage for everyday wear, but I play bass in a bar band and every so often I love wearing vintage clothes on stage.
4	i'm a total fan of eons. love their selection! a little pricey though.
5	oh, Eons, how you've spoiled me so.I remember visiting Richard's shop when it was where Hey Betty! is now.  Trying on monkey fur trimmed capes and Hungarian peasant vests.  Needless to say, they know me and my chihuahua by name.Eon's selection is amazing.  Richard is a collector, a curator, a Pittsburgh god of vintage.  He hand selects every piece in the shop and will not sell anything if a seam is ripped, a button or belt is missing, or if it's just stupid. He has every item laundered and pressed to perfection.  Everything is a gem, and Richard will tell you a bit about where he got the piece and why its design is important.  PRICEY!?!?  gawd.  Everything at Eons is a bargain for the quality you are getting.Growing up on Eons' vintage has spoiled me for any other vintage store.  I hold every other one up to its standards.  Thus, vintage in LA is a joke.  A cruel, un-laundered, over-priced, wrinkled, moth-eaten joke of the thrift variety.
5	I love the clothes he has, I love the prices, I love how helpful Richard is.  It's got a great location, and it's relative to Hey Betty!  Which is another pretty good vintage shop.  Eons is better though.  They have clothes for all sizes and shapes.  Beautiful shoes and jewelry as well.  And Richard (god of vintage) is just a gem to talk to!
5	I think I died and went to vintage nirvana when I stepped into Eons back in May. Every single piece is elegant, beautiful, and either close to mint condition or mint condition. Richard, the guy that runs the store, knows about every piece in the store and a bit of its history. Literally, the store is like walking into a museum of clothing from the 1940s-1980s. Hey Betty is really great too, although sometimes it doesn't have the sizes I need (I'm a petite 0-2). Also look up when you walk around the store. Some of the sweetest hats I have ever seen (I don't know where they find the stuff in that GREAT quality) are at Eons. Main point: If you love vintage, you will LOVE Eons.
5	You want style?  You want selection?  You want clothes that have been respectfully honored for the wearable vintage art they are?  Go here!!!  The owner Richard is top-notch and knows his stuff inside and out.   My only regret is that I didn't have more days to visit...maybe that good thing, because honestly, I don't think I would have left the store.  If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be making weekly (maybe even daily) journeys to the store.I'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!  And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing, which is all cleaned and tenderly loved.
5	This is a vintage shoppers paradise!  The place is stocked full of original vintage finds from the 1920's and on.  It may be packed full but it's easy to navigate between the different decades as they are clearly marked in select sections.  The prices aren't outrageous if you're looking for something unique for a special dinner or event.  You can tell that the owner goes above and beyond to find the best vintage selections.  It's not just clothes too, but gorgeous jewelry and a very unique selections of vintage eyewear.
4	This was quite the interesting find on YELP. I wanted to go to a vintage shop while in town, read several reviews & decided this was the place for me. I was beyond please! The 2 salesmen were great: personable and willing to answer questions. I purchased 2 fantastic vintage silver bangles for $8 a piece and a 50's wool hat for $10 that matches my wool coat perfectly. I wish I would have had more time, because the clothing & shoe options were amazing! I found a 20's flappers hat that I loved, but unfortunately my head is not as dainty as the women of the 20's.
5	Sometimes I come all the way to Pittsburgh from Akron JUST to visit Eons.  The employees are friendly & knowledgeable.  The clothing is very well organized, separated by era and then by size.  This is one of the only vintage clothing stores I've been to in the country that has a large selection of deadstock items, complete with their original tags.  The dresses I have purchased here are absolutely amazing, many of them never worn.  I will continue to visit on my quarterly P-burgh visits!
5	Eons was the first vintage store I ever went to at the tender age of 15 when I was going through my rockabilly phase.  I've gone back many times since, and even got my junior year homecoming dress and accessories here (it was a red '50s swing dress).  It remains the best vintage store in Pittsburgh, and possibly the best vintage place I've been to period.  Eons carries mainly clothing, shoes, accessories and jewelry from the '40-'80s, but don't be surprised to find pieces from the very early 1900s!  It's organized by men's and women's clothing, then by type of garment, and then by size.  Speaking of sizes, there is a wide selection, which is so nice as a larger vintage-lover. Everything is in tip-top condition and very reasonably priced, and the staff are beyond helpful and knowledgeable.  I've never left empty handed at Eons, and I dare you to not find something you love!
5	There are thrift stores and there are vintage stores.  There are some stores that are a blend of the two.  And then there's Eons.  Eons goes beyond your average vintage shop in that it could be considered a museum of fashion.   A lot of their stuff is one-of-a kind antique clothing.  You can easily find stuff from the 1930s up to the 1980s.  Heck, in a few years we'll be looking at 1990s grunge here--time to dig out the Soundgarden CDs.  I once bought a clutch purse here.  I stopped in the other day and even though I couldn't find anything that quite caught my eye, it was still a lot of fun poking around in here.
5	I lovvvvve this place. It's really well organized, employees are friendly, and I never leave without buying something. Last time I was here I got two necklaces (the jewelry is great), a quilted jacket, and a blazer with polka dot lining.I always make a stop here when I'm back in Pittsburgh.
5	Meticulously organized and a great selection. Definitely worth a stop.
5	Wow! This shop is incredible. First off...I'm 29, and I know vintage thanks to great grandparents, and a grandmother who was a show girl, all of whom had excellent taste. Anyone who says this place is over priced needs their head examined! It's NOT a thrift store, so don't go in there expecting thrift store prices, that's just ignorant. Do expect amazing finds at what I consider beyond fair prices. I first went into Eons after reading some reviews. Being new to Pittsburgh, and so far disappointed with "vintage" stores, Eons seemed quite promising. I found a blue velvet 3/4 length coat and fell in love...but was crushed when I saw a stain the cleaner had missed (this is NOT typical of this shop's wares, and the owners seemed equally sad to have found it.) They offered to sell it at $40, down from $60, but I just couldn't take the chance of the stain not coming out. I settled for a gorgeous bright orange crystal necklace...for the time...I was back in the area a few days ago and the coat was still haunting my dreams. I decided I'd bite the bullet and hope the stain would come out. When I walked up to the register, I was to my surprise remembered, and the coat was sold to me for $30! (Down from the already marked down "as is" price of $40!) I was thrilled! And, was even more so when I took the coat home and (with a little of grandma's old tricks) got the stain out!I absolutely love this place. The selection is vast, the owners are kind, and the clothes are pristine. It's a small shop, but it has epic high ceilings and it's stuffed from top to bottom with beautiful things. For everything here, I am never ceased to be amazed by how neat and organized it is. I love it here, and will shop here always.
1	Ick.  Stay away unless you want to be treated like you are a criminal who cannot afford a pricey item.  I wanted to try on a $400 fur...and the guy said it was very expensive and would hand carry it to the front mirror for me.  He then advised me to take off my vest and waited for me to do so.  He would not let me handle the coat myself because it was "very expensive."  He watched me while I tried it on and then immediately took it off me.  I wanted to tell him that $400 wasn't pricey for a winter coat and that I could easily afford it, but decided to walk out without purchasing it.  I won't be back.
5	I have walked past this store on so many occasions, but never thought to actually walk in here until today.  Being a creature of Pittsburgh I have been doing the whole neighborhood thing.  That is to pick a neighborhood, browse almost every store in that neighborhood and then rave to everyone for about a week how great that neighborhood is for shopping.  Well this week my friends I will tell you that because of Eons, Shadyside will be spewed upon all my friends and anyone that comes my way asking where they should go to shop.I must say, I hesitated at the door for a bit, mentally prepping myself to enter this store.  I hate when I walk into a store and cannot find anything I want.  So I prepped myself just in case that happened.  Once I walked in, I put myself at ease and just let myself browse and browse and browse.  For the small space that the store occupies, they sure do know how to jam pack all racks and shelves to the maximum.I was greeted almost right away as soon as I walked in the door.  Of course the obligating question once you enter a clothing store of any type is, "Welcome, can I help you find anything?"  Of course I did what any typical person would do stared at them and eventually replied with, "No thank you, this is my first time in here."  I think I puzzled them with that response.  Then I just went where my mind guided me...which would have been to the shoes.  I found a swank pair of tan and white shoes that I couldn't take my eyes off of.  After about five minutes of me staring at them the guy asked me if I wanted to try them on, OF COURSE I wanted to try them on.  I wanted to hug them if I could.  Not only did he give me one shoe to try on, but unlike other places, allowed me to try the other shoe and yes, I did a little turn on the catwalk to make sure they were right for me.  And I will admit, I watched myself in the big mirror as I walked back and forth in front of it.I also browsed a few more racks and shelves to make sure I wasn't neglecting any other items.  Good thing I did, I found the perfect vest to compliment the shoes (and once I got home I noticed it was reversible, BONUS!).You know you had walked into an amazing business when you see that every non-filtered review here on Yelp is above par.  I'm also glad to add another one of those reviews.
5	Very wide range selection. I looked at thrift stores all around trying to find a 50's prom dress...nothing. I walk into Eons, tell them that I am going to be in "Grease", and they pull together not only beautiful 50's prom dresses but also 50's shoes, everyday wear, hats, and sunglasses. I bought every outfit I needed for the musical there! Another nice thing about Eons is that you can donate your old vintage to them, and they give you good money back. I traded a 40's prom dress for the 50's one, and they gave me an extra $20 back!! Amazing.
4	Good selection, well organized, friendly staff!  On my quest to explore Pittsburgh, I stopped by Eons and ended up trying on a few things.  I wasn't really on a quest to find anything though, but I could see myself spending hours in there shuffling through all the racks.
5	This place defines "vintage clothing shop". It's small, packed, and well organized. You must stop in here, even if you don't think you want vintage clothing. You will. The selection is amazing, and the staff could not be more helpful.
5	I love this guy! guy meaning shop owner for giving me this awesome store to stop in. Think a step up from estate sale and thrift store finds. I was able to find  a calico cotton 50's plus size dress here for my sister. I walked out with a 40's navy blue fitted dress with matching bolero. its super adorable! Now I just have it tailored and find an awesome full length slip to go under it. There were also some 60's Mod bubble drop earrings I really wanted but could not splurge on that day. He has different era's some pieces are a little pricey but most of the items are good quality. If they are damaged they are noted as damaged and priced lower.
3	Mostly 1960s-1980s stuff. A few pieces from the 1940s and 1950s and nothing earlier (clothes-wise anyway, they did have mesh purses from the 1920s). Lots of menswear; suits and dress shirts. The store is about half men's stuff and half women's stuff. The clothes seem to be fairly high quality (ie. not stained or ripped) but you pay for it. They did have some cute outfits, but it was priced too high for me.
3	A nice place to stop in if you're out for a stroll in shadyside. Though I think this place is overpriced and a bit overrated, the staff is always nice and you can discover some pretty good finds. Obviously much better for women's clothes
4	Good spot! When I was in Pittsburgh recently we were going around to different shops asking what the best places for vintage clothing are in town and Eons and Hey Betty (which we didn't get a chance to visit) came up the most.Eons packs a lot of great clothing into a small space and the owner is very knowledgeable. The prices are also good and it's well-curated. Parking was a breeze.
5	You simply have to visit this shop, they have the best quality vintage clothing and really excellent customer service.  The store feels cramped, but then again it is packed with a great selection of vintage clothes.  Everything is laid out very logically, and the prices are quite reasonable, especially given the quality.  In particular, you will find a great selection of men's bow ties, and I have looked unsuccessfully for these at other stores.One more thing, the owner supports the local community, he is continually helping out non-profits by donating or loaning merchandise and by publicizing their events.
