5	I have found my mechanic. I had used this shop a few times for oil changes from a discount Super Saver card. They always finished quick and did a good job, refilling all fluids and letting me know what might need to be repaired. They also did not charge me extra, as most shops do, as my 2002 Cadillac Deville takes appx. 8 quarts of oil. Again, they told me what MIGHT need to be repaired. There was no "the sky is falling scenario", pressuring me into getting unnecessary repairs at that moment. But I was let know it should get fixed eventually.      This honesty brought me back to the shop when I had a little extra cash to put into my ride, and I was very pleased with the results. I needed my fuel pump replaced which caused some fuel injection, and loss of power issues. Also, I had several leaks of my radiator, which suggested I needed all hoses connected to my radiator replaced. This was all done on one Saturday at a very reasonable rate. Many mechanics do try to fleece you because Cadillacs are supposed to be harder to fix. I did not feel this way at all. The work was done properly and I felt Craig, the shop manager, was straight up and explained everything completely and honestly.      OEM parts were used in the repair and I was not gouged a higher price. They also saved all the old parts taken out to show the customer the wear on them. He even replaced my thermostat for free! And my gas gauge, which has never worked in the 2+ years I have owned the car was now operational, also at no extra charge! Overall a very positive experience. I am comfortable that Imperial Auto and Craig will be my mechanics for years to come.
5	These guys are awesome. Came in with a dead battery, they had the one I needed in stock and had it changed in 20 minutes and I was on my way. I've come here for about a year now for both of my vehicles. They are fast and thorough. And they don't jip you.
5	Craig is honest and pleasant to deal with. These guys deserve more business for your car needs.
