5	Oh my god, I LOVE this store. I grew up in Mesa (yeah, yeah) and back when the only movie theater was the Poca Fiesta 5-plex (it's long gone now) on Southern and Alma School, my sister and I just about begged on our hands and knees to visit this store before or after seeing movies like back to the future and neverending story.It's every little kids' dream - stuffed animals, low-brow humor cards and paraphernalia (you know, farting figurines), balloons, brightly colored EVERYTHING, sparkly EVERYTHING, confetti - just damn cool stuff.It's pretty decently-sized and jam-packed on every surface with STUFF. Plus, around Halloween, they carry all the basics like makeup, costumes, masks, etc. Last year, a friend went in to peruse the makeup selection for her zombie prom look and the employee happened to be a special effects guru. He helped her pick out every supply, tool, base, glue and blood she needed and even gave her instructions on HOW to use it. He also made sure to help explain why some brands of glue or blood are better than others (don't you just hate it when your scab falls off your face on the way to the party? Or your fake eyelashes keep peeling away at the corners?) To cut my rambling short - her makeup and her roommate's makeup looked amazing (some secret tip she got involved bunched up tissue, don't ask me how it works but it does).Not that you're ever in Mesa just hanging out, but even when it's not Halloween and you have some time to kill -especially if you have small children with you - you have to visit Bubbles of Joy at least once in your life.
5	A Plus!  My daughter tried to tell me about this place on my last visit but I took it with a grain of salt since I wanted a REAL Post Office to weigh and mail things at.  I stopped in here Sunday July 3rd since the REAL PO was closed and discovered what a delightful place this is!  Not only does it have tons of balloons and gift ideas, but miles of racks of costumes and accessories.  And sure enough, in the far back right corner there is a REAL postal counter with a scale and during business hours a REAL postman ready and wiling to help you out, sell you stamps, send your packages etc.  And it is closer and more convenient than the REAL PO with plenty of parking and little to no lines.  It is also next to a Starbucks if you are into that, and a Soup and Salad restaurant if you need a meal.  I'm sure glad I finally stopped in!
5	This place is amazing. I have been there several times, during Halloween and other times of the year. No matter how busy their store gets, they always have enough friendly knowledgeable people available to answer all of your questions. Their selection is outstanding, and their prices are very reasonable. Recently I checked out a "Spirit" store because I needed something little and it was closer to my house. Never again! Bubbles of Joy is the bomb and I hope they stay in business forever!!
5	This place has everything you could want or need for Halloween! Just got done shopping and had a great experience. The staff was nice and helpful, the store is full of costumes and all the accessories you could want. Considering it is so close to Halloween they still had a great selection.
3	Bubbles of Joy seems to have everything and is more of a party store. They have a huge selection of costumes and party favors. I mostly go to Bubbles of Joy since they have a Post Office inside. I rank the post office as 3 stars because they only take cash. There is an ATM next to it and it charges you $3.00. I'm convinced that this is a conspiracy for Bubbles of Joy to get more money out of you by charging you an ATM fee too.
5	They certainly have everything, from tiaras to bottles of that stuff you use to create real-looking wounds. A little on the pricey side, but excellent stuff overall.
5	I love the staff at Bubbles of Joy. Very friendly and helpful. Their prices may be a bit higher than a national chain store, but they have the best selection and customer service of any local party store I've seen. They also are one of the best resources I've found for Halloween costumes and decorations.
4	Costume stores never fail to cheer me up even if I don't buy anything.  I so love this place!
4	I went here for some balloons and I didn't even look around at the costumes. I had called around trying to find the best price for some helium filled balloons for my Dad's birthday party and this place had the best prices. A big plus was that they also offer (for 25 cents extra) to put some kind of gel in the balloons that keep them from loosing their lift. I had to pick them up the day before the party so I really needed them to last. They were still floating 3 days later so that was pretty cool. They also had a HUGE selection of all different kinds of balloons. They did not have one that said "65" on it but they did have a Happy Birthday balloon that you could customize with any age. This was a pretty cool idea but unfortunately by the end of the party the 5 was peeling off (apparently they are stickers even though you couldn't tell when it was fully attached). So that was kind of a bummer and the only reason I am subtracting a star.Check out their website for prices on ordering balloon bouquets to be delivered to your special someone. That's right, you can order a dozen balloons and they will take it to someone's home or office with a card attached. I think that is such an awesome idea! It is much more original (and cheaper) than flowers.
1	Beware, this store does not allow returns or exchanges on their costumes. All purchases are final, even if you get it home and it is defective in some way. They do not allow you try on certain costume pieces, such as wigs, so you really have no way of knowing if it is functional or not until you pay for it (overpriced) and get home. Then you're stuck with it whether you like it or not. What you shoud do is use Bubbles of Joy just to try on the costume that you want, get the sizing right, then go buy it from amazon for half the price and the freedom to return it if it is defective. Bubbles of Joy is lame.
3	As a costume store this place is just fine, if a little overloaded. However that's about all it has become. The party supply section is tiny with very little selection and balloons are overpriced. The one reason I was coming here on a regular basis was for the post office in the back which had the nicest staff. They have since closed. I won't be back unless I'm looking for a particular item at Halloween and don't mind digging through piles of products.
5	I cannot believe how many times I have passed this place by, looking at the truck with the logo painted on it sitting outside. The name has changed after the owner retired this year, but the daughter of the owners took over and runs the place. It is still in the exact same location but they extended their hours to stay open an hour later. Great news for us! This was a pleasant change from all of the cookie cutter Spirit stores we have been to in the valley. Once you step in, you are overwhelmed (in a good way promise!) by costumes and merchandise. The far left wall is filled with masks, if you are looking for something affordable or collectible, they have it. The customer service rep who I believe is the husband, was extremely helpful and enthusiastic about the merchandise and Halloween in general. He knew exactly what I was talking about when I asked him which studio made a particular Michael Myers mask that I was looking at. (They have Trick Or Treat Studios!). There is a private back room that at first I thought might contain adult material that he led us into, but it's really only gory type items (damn!) and you have to ask to be let in. Inside the room, it was dimly lit with a red bulb and he had set up a meat case full of body parts, serial killer flesh face masks were on the wall, many kinds of skulls, monster props, and smaller accessories were inside. Prices were very reasonable, the masks in the serial killer series were only $15. There were of course, tons of packaged costumes for just about anything you could think of. Balloon sales are in the back and I spotted so many awesome Nightmare Before Christmas balloons, and Halloween themed balloons. They don't even need to be for Halloween, they could be a great gift for someone who loves horror? He had so much stuff he was only happy to show us, so run, don't walk to check this place out. *Park in front, back entrances are closed off. Entrance located next to Starbucks entrance.
1	you could receive better customer service at a Walmart!!!!!  That is being very generous. At first I was really impressed with their selection and very eager to buy quite a few things. I then I proceeded to ask if I could try on a wig (you don't know what it looks like unless you try it) the first sales associate seemed like she was going to let me then this extremely grumpy and very unpersonable lady approached us and said we don't have time for that get back to work...I turned around to see if there was people behind me, no one who looked like they needed help. I was assuming she was the owner, she did not greet me nor did she ask if she could help me with something. All she had was an extremely unfriendly and rude personality. Oh did i mention she wasnt even helping customers she was just bitching the whole time. I would really hope she doesn't treat all the customers like that
5	Amazing place! The staff always goes above and beyond. They carry many different items and costume pieces, accessories, SFX makeup etc. There are so many great options.
