4	Really nice hotel. I stayed one nite and while they are still getting the kinks out it is a beautiful modern hotel.  The rooms are terrific and the beds are particularly comfortable. I am looking forward to going back!!
5	After a hell-ish travel day, the Fairmont was able to accommodate our last minute reservation and give us an amazing rate.  We checked in around 3am, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful.  There is not a bad view from any of the guest rooms (they start on the 14th floor) and the beds are amazing.  Bathrooms are spacious and luxe.Wish we could have stayed longer, looking forward to my trip in September when I get to stay there again.
4	Fantastic hotel. I'd compare the rooms to the nicer hotels I've staid in back home in Atlantic City, NJ. (Borgata, Caesars) The key here is the staff. They were all phenomenal. A special hats off to the valet crew, who were more willing to help a guest out rather than avoid doing some extra work. The beds were very comfortable and the TV, always a pet peeve of mine, was very nice. A lot of hotels will give you a "big screen HDTV" and the hotel feeds it some crappy compressed version of HD channels, but the Fairmont one had them in all their glory.The minibar was expensive as always, and had an average selection. (The Standard in NYC still has the best mini-bar.) The bathroom was spacious and well appointed, including two robes. However, I would have preferred a door on the separate toilet room, and a more impressive shower head (though I believe they may need the weak shower head for their LEED energy certification.) There was also an odd stain in the tub, hair dye maybe?We got a room with a ballpark view, which for the most part viewed the office tower across the street, but still had a good view of the ballpark if you were standing by the window. The hotel is very convenient to people attending the ballpark. That was the reason for my stay, along with a significant amount of other guests.
5	Went to Pittsburgh for a wedding that was held across the river at the Grand Concourse.  Everyone else stayed at the Sheraton, which was $20/night cheaper but a lot closer.  Turns out, the rooms (and everything else) at the Sheraton were well below average, while everything at the Fairmont was 5 stars.  Best $20 I ever spent!The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, including giving us a (free) ride to anywhere that was local.  The rooms were beautiful, from the bathrooms to the office area.  Our room had an incredible view of the baseball stadium at no extra charge.  Also at no charge was internet access (I just had to sign up for a free member program - no big deal).  This may be the best hotel I have ever stayed at, but not even close to the most expensive.  I can't say enough good things about it.
5	This hotel is a home run.  It is simply beautiful.  Very sleek and contemporary, but also warm and inviting, with lots of remnants from historic Pittsburgh buildings displayed in its public spaces and beautifully selected carpeting and furnishings throughout.The lobby is spacious and soaring, with a rather daunting grand staircase leading up to the Habitat restaurant.  The elevators require a card key to punch in a guestroom floor, which all hotels should have. The long hallways are softly lit and very pretty.My room, a standard king, was really big by new hotel standards, and well-lighted with a huge floor-to-ceiling window.  The bed was gigantic and really comfortable, with very soft sheets.  The desk was high-tech, with built-in plugs.  I also liked that there was a separate waste bin for recyclable items.  The TV was a large Philips LCD model and offered true HD channels and an easy-to-find sleep timer.  The bathroom was a real beauty, all creams and beiges with an immaculate glass stall shower and separate tub,  The vanity lighting and shaving mirror were first-rate.The gym is state-of-the-art and very clean.  The manager told me that I should update my Presidents Club profile and next time they will supply workout clothes so I don't have to pack mine.  Dinner at Habitat was just OK.  The chef has a heavy hand with salt.  Its breakfast buffet is quite good, though (even the coffee) and a good value at $18 all in plus tip.  Everyone I dealt with at the hotel could not have been nicer.Great job, Fairmont! I will definitely be back.
4	One of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in! My wife and I decided to have a "romantic weekend" close to home and chose the Fairmont Hotel. Great choice! The lobby is very cosy and spacious. I like that fact that you have to have a room key to get to the rooms. Our room was quiet and had great views of downtown Pittsburgh and PNC Park. They even supply in room binoculars that you came buy for $150 if you would like to keep them. My only true complaint is that we requested a king bed room well in advance but all they had available were double queen bed rooms when we checked in. :( The room was well laid out and reminded me of the rooms at Wynn Las Vegas. The bathroom is nice with a separate tub and shower. Lots of towels and soft bath robes. I just wish they offered a TV in the bathroom and slippers like Wynn as I left mine at home by mistake. The TV was a Phipps HDTV with true HD channels. The bed was heavenly! It was either a Sealy or Serta. I can't remember. I haven't slept good like that in a long time. The in room bar had everything that you could possibly need to get you night off to a good start including a bottle of wine and two glasses. (Insider Tip: There is a Wine & Spirits store directly across the street on Liberty Avenue next to Fifth Avenue Place.) There are tons of treats and snacks in the room also. The closet only had a few hangers that we had to share but, has a good bit of storage with plenty of shelves and a in room safe that was too small for my 17.3" laptop. The desk had tons of inputs that work with the TV like 3.5mm audio, HDMI, iphone/ipod inputs, inputs for video game consoles, USB chargers, VGA connectors and plenty of electrical outlets. They also offer a Saks Fifth Avenue shopping experience great for the out of town fashionista of well dressed metrosexual. All in all a great place to stay while in Pittsburgh!
5	I recently got a manicure and pedicure at the spa at the fairmont.  Manicures start at $35 and pedicures start at $55.  It was really an "experience".  Included with your service, you get to use the gym and the spa, the showers and the sauna.  You could easly spend 3 or 4 hours if you wanted to first use the athletic equipment, take a shower, go to the steam room and then get a manicure.  Everyone is super friendly and helpful.  The facility was VERY clean and organized.  I would highly recommend it!
5	If I can give this place 10 stars out of 5.... I would. I stayed here during over New years while attending all the Winter Classic Events. The Washington Capitals ( rode elevator with Ovechkin and several other Caps ) as well as many of NHL VIPS were staying here as well. Everyone I met was super friendly. The service was unbelievable. Whatever you needed..... You got. Just a touch a button on the phone. The answer from the staff was "at your service" and " right away sir" . The rooms are incredible. Great views and very modern with anything you would need. The television is 42 inch flat screen with great channel selections in HD!! Even had NHL Network. A first in any hotel I have ever stayed in. The bathrooms are huge with a separate tub and shower. The king sized bed I had was heaven. The mini bar was the best stocked of any I have ever seen. The coffee maker is a one cup Kuerig System. I am a convert.The Nicest hotel in Pittsburgh. Worth every penny.
4	This hotel loses a star for being ludicriously priced for Pittsburgh.  Granted, there are no other hotels in its class in PGH, but there's a reason.  People don't come to PGH to blow dough.  It's a dumpy little city in the middle of nowheresville, the airport is 30 mins from downtown and downtown shuts down at night.  A fancy dinner shouldn't set you back more than a Benji here.  However.  I've stayed in enough shitsville hotels in downtown PGH that I make my firm approve my expense account here.  And by shitsville, I mean "mismatched stained furniture" and "scary hallways" and "broken treadmills" and "access through underpass."  PGH hotels capital Suck. So much for the competition, because there really isn't any.  The staff is charmingly pleasant, every desire is taken care of, and it's really, really, really safe.  You need a room key to take the elevators above the public floors.  The gym is luxe.  All new precor equipment, spa-like locker room, medicine balls, treadmills with tvs and ipod stations, classes, stuff lovely pretty, tea and coffee.  You can even leave your gym clothes behind and have adidas clothes delivered to your room.The lobby bar is pretty OK, though I can't believe they shut down at midnight on a Wednesday with 12-15 people lingering.  I was smart enough to not go back out, since the PGH streets are scary, and I probably didn't need another cocktail (this is a meme), but MIDNIGHT?  Sheeps. I'm always late for work when I stay here; I love the rooms and luxuriating a wee bit too much.
5	Rap video status : the P.diddy kind with white tigers, girls in white bikins and cristal fountains. This place was amazeballs!!! im not quite sure where i am going to start. I decided to surprise the bf after he took his boards and booked us for a lil staycation. They have a range of packages available through their website: bed and breakfast , manicures and martinis and many more. I booked us for the bed and breakfast  for a deluxe king facing mt washington the rate was reasonable considering breakfast was included. I also signed up for the presidents club membership..(because my 5 year plan includes alot of traveling) this was a great idea because it gets you free WIFI during your stay. Because we were there during the weekend, we decided to forgo the valet (kind of super expensive) and self park in the hotels basement i think it was $5/night? The hotel is beautiful, high ceilings, sparkly things everywhere. They also have a bunch of local art and artifacts on the walls.  I noticed that  the hotel bar, Andys (after Andy warhol and Andrew Carnegie) had some Andy warhol art  and the Dom Perignon  warhol inspired bottles as decor. We dropped by Andys later and there was a jazz band playing.(But thats a different review)Check in was smooth (other than the fact that the FD agent called me Ma'am) he was very professional and genuinely nice. Our room was on the 18th floor and the views are to die forrr!!! As we were doing the initial walk through we realized that they had upgraded us to a suite (F-yeah!!) the room was HUUGE. High ceilings great modern decor. The lounge area had a huge telly a couch a desk and a mini bar filled with your typical overpriced goodies (liquor wine, peanuts and candy). The room also had a Keurig coffee maker. There were some binoculars in the room as well..the closets were also huge (yay for girls who always overpack..i.e me!!). The suite had 2 bathrooms both very spacey, one with a tub+separate stand up shower and the second one with just the shower. The tub could have been bigger but it wasnt an issue.  They provided fluffy terry robes and a scale in the bathroom. The bedroom also had an amazing view and another telly. The bed was comfortable, white comforter and sheets lots of pillows...it was like sleeping on angel wings. They also surprised us with a bottle of GOOD champagne in the room some chocolates and strawberries ( i had called in advance and told them i was planning a special night). Everything about that room was heaven!! We got the in room dining breakfast the next morning ( upto 11am). They set up a table in the lounge and set everything up. He was really nice and professional repeated back what we had ordered and asked if we wanted anything else. I  got a veggie omelette with toast and my BF got the egg benedicts and  a pastry basket....we made some mimosas with the champagne. For room service i though the breakfast exceeded my expectations.... i'm usually not a big fan of room service. This hotel is amazing!!! It is alittle pricey for Pittsburgh but you'r getting what you pay for (Rockstar status).  The customer service was out of this world - i have previously worked in the hotel industry and have higher expectations. The rooms are completely gorgeous and you can tell a lot of thought went into the design. I should also mention that this is a green hotel (from construction down to the refillable glass water bottles) Its a great place for staycations, vacations and weekend spa dates. It also seemed to be kid friendly....Final Tips: Get one of the packages, Call and ask for a room with a view, sign up for the presidential club and get a drink at Andysyou can thank me later :)
5	Service is superb. Rooms were immaculate! Very close (like a minute walk to Market Square) to food, fun, and coffee (Chipotle, a Primanti Bros, a Starbucks, and a Dunkin' Donuts). Only downside - parking. Not going to find any self parking during the day - drove through the parking garage below the hotel and was confronted with double parked cars galore. Good thing for valet service.
4	The Fairmont Hotel in Pittsburgh is very nice. The hotel is fairly new. The design is modern...very W-esque; not what I expected from a Fairmont.The staffs are nice and friendly. Upon check-in, the front desk employee walked around the desk and escorted me to the elevator. And since the hotel is in the city, you need to scan your card to use the elevators which is a nice added security.The rooms are spacious and the bathroom includes a separate shower stall. The rooms either face the city-view or the opposite side will face the PNC park.The reason why i did not give them a 5 star rating is because my room was not cleaned until after 5pm. The house keeping also don't really clean the rooms. They fix the bed and got rid of my dirty towels. No new towels or toiletries were given. I understand a hotel might have a lot of rooms to clean...but 5pm?
1	I left my scarf in the room. It's too bad people can't be honest and return it.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my brief stay at the Fairmont hotel.  To start things off, the front desk staff is friendly and helpful.  I loved my room, especially the size and layout of the bathroom.  Extra points to the Fairmont for its in-room recycling and filtered water.  All of the ice and vending stations have water coolers whereby you may fill up Fairmont carafes with purified water.  Such a simple way to reduce the use of plastic bottles.The hotel seems centrally located.  Plenty of places to shop and grab a quick bite to eat.  My husband and I walk every where, so we were able to walk from our hotel to dinner at Eleven.Great experience and my king room was only $169 --  during memorial day weekend no less!
5	Easily the best hotel in Pittsburgh.  I walk past the Fairmont on my way to work every day, but this weekend was my first time actually staying there.  The basic two queen and single king rooms are lovely, with clean bathrooms, fresh linens, quick and immaculate service.  But once you see a suite, you'll never want to leave...My sister booked the Harris Suite for her wedding.  After checking in, she texted, "Wow.  It is so HUGE that it has a guest bathroom."  I thought she was joking...nope.  This suite also had a dining room, living room, and kitchen with a staff entrance.  Between the enormous size and the comfy yet-chic-furnishing, I wanted to move in.  We had 6 girls in there with two hair/make-up people and two photographers, but somehow it didn't feel crowded.  The views were incredible--the Incline and PNC Park on either side--and the suite had both binoculars and a telescope to help take it all in.The only miss was the post-wedding brunch.  The food wasn't too great: the fruit was rotting, the eggs were alternatively overdone or runny, but the muffins were excellent.Andy's is the lobby bar, and the drink prices were pretty decent for a hotel (or wander down to Meat & Potatoes around the corner). One gigantic faux pas is that they charge $14.95 per day for wifi, even in the suites...A guest bath, but no internet...C'mon, Fairmont, you're better than that.
5	Easily the nicest dog friendly hotel I've ever stayed in and one of the nicest hotels period.  Entire staff was very nice and helpful, and the complimentary dog treats from the pastry chef were a very nice touch.
5	Supposedly THE best hotel in the 'burgh. I believe it. Even the lobby had a mellow, zen vibe that felt relaxing the moment you stepped in. Never saw "Edie", the hotel's resident white lab (named after local boy Andy Warhol's Edie Sedgwick) who guests may take for a walk around the block if they so desire. It was nice to get a "Happy Birthday" greeting from the concierge - perhaps that's why we were given a room on the top floor (23rd), right next to the Eco Presidential Suite.  (No wine or cake or other surprise in the room, though - not sure why they ask your birthday when you sign up for President's Club if they don't intend to celebrate you in some small way.) Our room was not especially large, but the floor to ceiling windows made it seem so. Breathtaking views of: the Pgh. Plate Glass modern castle-like building, the Incline, Mt. Washington, Fort Pitt tunnel, Station Square, the river, several bridges, tourist boats, Market Square, etc. all from our room. Furnishing appeared to be very high end, (loved the green chairs), but the best part was the lighting. Best I've ever had in a hotel. Loved the rectangular canvas accent lamp next to our huge flat screen - lovely ambient lighting. Cool reading lights over the bed, and the dry bar. Don't know if the place was empty or not (I doubt it on a Steeler's game weekend) but it was perfectly quiet at night. A few things were bothersome, at this price point - our safe was locked by the former guest so maintenance had to be called to open it, which made us late for our dinner reservation. The Keurig coffee machine did not work, and the floor to ceiling curtain was a bit off the track which made it difficult to open. They did bring us a big pot of coffee right away, so I was glad it broke, not being a fan of Keurig's quality or the waste of all those plastic cups. Of course, the coffee was on the bill, which was quickly taken off, but at $300 a night, it should have been taken care of when we called housekeeping about the broken appliance.Great location - we walked to Station Square easily and enjoyed the trek over the bridge. Despite it being late Saturday night, tons of people are out with you so it feels very safe. Walked the other direction to Heinz Field for the game, then continued walking north afterwards to check out the historic & charming Northside.
5	Wonderful Hotel!  As a travel agent for many years I have a particular eye and have to say that I truly enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  It is in a great area of the city, very chic and modern, with touches of luxury and comfort.  The rooms are very spacious and exceptionally comfortable and environmentally conscious and clean. The mattress was very high quality. The cuisine is equally delightful, both the dinner and breakfast was superb!!!  I only wish that the breakfast was more affordable, it was double the price of our full, room service dinner the night before.  Lastly, the staff was very prompt and friendly!!!  I would highly recommend you stay at this beautiful hotel!!!
4	Absolutely outstanding! I have stayed in many luxe hotels and the fairmont did not disappoint. Honestly I did not look forward to my trip to Pittsburg but I had an obligation and could not back out. I really did not expect the Fairmont to impress the heck out of me. The staff are super friendly and always willing to help. The room I had was clean and well appointed. The bathroom and my view of the PNC Park was the BEST part of my room. However I took one star off for charging me for using their wifi and I left my towels on the bathroom flr signaling the housekeeper for freshly laundered towels but the housekeeper just hung them back up in the bathroom. Yuck! The front desk said if I wanted fresh towels I should have put them in the tub. I don't know about you but I know if you put your towels on the floor that is a signal of wanting fresh towels. Anyhow if you are ever in Pittsburg you have got to stay here if you love great customer service, and a clean, beautiful and safe place to stay.
4	This is probably the nicest hotel in the Pittsburgh area. The rooms are large and well kept. In addition to the building, their staff is some of the most helpful and friendly that you can find anywhere. In addition to their human staff, they also employ a canine greeter. I was told some guests have had the opportunity to walk her while visiting the property.On each floor, they have an ice machine and a filtered water machine. You can take advantage of the filtered water instead of paying for the bottled water in the mini bar.Their cleaning staff did an excellent job during our stay organizing every detail in the room perfectly for our return.The property has some high energy efficiency standards, which may not be appealing if you like having a cold hotel room. I had the temperature set to 65 on the thermostat (the lowest they allow) and it didn't get cooler over time. Many nights were spent without blankets.We ordered food service twice during our visit with varied success.For breakfast, we had corned beef hash and eggs benedict. Both dishes were not as expected. The corned beef was ground beef (not corned) covered with fried potato strings. The eggs benedict consisted of 2 poached eggs and 2 pieces of ham, with no English muffin and no hollandaise sauce as you'd traditionally expect with the dish. I don't recommend breakfast from the menu.Lunch was better. We had whole wheat pizza, quesadilla, crab macaroni and cheese, and a wedge salad. All items tasted good and were well done.
5	Great location, service and the decor is beautiful.  The only bad thing is that they charge for $15 for wifi.  I recommend this hotel to anyone that plans to visit Pittsburgh.
5	what an amazing hotel. Fantatstic customer service. Great location. Very comfortable. Beautiful views of the city. The gym area is gorgeous. You want to work out here. The staff is awesome all together. We are staying here three days and I normally start missing my home by this time. But I could totally stay here for another week :)
5	I have stayed in many Fairmonts over the years.  This rates as a nice one.  Top staff and nice building.  It's newer as opposed to the old grande dame canadian resort legacy hotels.  good restaurants, staff, gym, spa and views!  Highly recommend if you end up in Pittsburgh!
4	I attended a wedding here and booked a room for after the reception.  The room was pretty amazing.  It was big and clean.  The bed was great and I slept like a baby.  I wish I stayed here more than one night.  The wedding itself was beautiful with tasty food and friendly staff.
4	One thing that turned me off was the very sterile scent that lingers in the hotel lobby - I like a clean environment, but I associate this particular sterile scent with a hospital.   Thankfully, this scent doesn't linger past the hotel lobby.  From the in-room dining menu: Roasted Beets and Organic Goat Cheese and Margherita pizza (whole wheat) were delicious.  Arugula and Spinach salad was very mehh (comes with a questionable looking almond vinaigrette that comes in semi-solid form).  They offer a top-notch fitness center with just about everything available: yoga room, spinning, free weights, workout bands, etc.  It is spotless and they even have a station that offers different types of water (cucumber cooled H2O, anyone?).  Apparently, if you don't have your clothes, they'll give you a complete set, right down to socks and sneakers.  The rooms are breathtakingly beautiful - they have literally thought of basically everything.  Meeting planning services cannot be beat elsewhere.  They REALLY know how to cater to their clients (delivering fresh Starbucks cappuccinos, bowls of chocolate sweets & delights) and the hospitality!  they really need to fill me in on what hospitality school they send their staff to because I haven't experienced this kind of customer service anywhere else.
5	Just returned from a wonderful overnight stay, celebrating a birthday. Check-in was flawless on Saturday afternoon, indicative of the perfect evening that awaited. This hotel has a strong visual presence, both artistic and historical. Artifacts discovered during the excavation for the hotel are displayed attractively throughout the whole property, along with accompanying historical notes. Interesting and informative, without ever being heavy handed.The hotel bar, Andy's, is a delightful dual-homage to two native sons, Andrew Carnegie and Andy Warhol. Excellent libations, cool easy jazz on a blustery winter's night, and top-notch service from Bianca made this a perfect evening destination. The proximity of Market Square lends itself to charming urban strolls, all the more enchanting during the holiday season.This is a true luxury hotel, but never off-putting or pretentious. The architecture, the artwork, the design choices all work wonderfully together to provide a luscious retreat. The presentation of a gorgeous gem of a cake, accompanied by chocolate covered strawberries with the traditional "Happy Birthday" greeting was a delicious perk. This is a gorgeous well-staffed property doing exactly what they are supposed to do. I can't wait to go back...
5	We spent a post-Christmas weekend at this property as a brief getaway between the holidays, and found the property and staff to be top notch.  The hotel is very distinctive visually, given its unique architecture and decor, and the staff were extremely helpful and well trained.  The interaction with Edie, the Canine Ambassador, will be a permanent and gleeful memory. Hilary at the Concierge desk was very helpful and responsive, both before our trip and during.   The food in Habitat was uncommonly good for a hotel restaurant, easily the best I've sampled in Pittsburgh hotels.  The rooms are amply sized, clean, and tastefully decorated.  Overall, this is the best hotel in Pittsburgh and we will plan to return.
5	Loved it!  Our room overlooked the river and Market Square.  It was very comfortable and extremely well-outfitted.  The service at this hotel is outstanding - not only was the service prompt and helpful, but friendly as well.  The location is great - we were able to walk to both the baseball and hockey stadiums, as well as the river and many restaurants.  The Fairmont boasts a top notch fitness center, an upscale bar, and good room service (although I can only vouch for the room service for continental breakfast).   We valet-parked our car upon arrival and it was promptly returned to us upon check out.  Visiting Pittsburgh?  Stay here.
5	This ranks at the top of one of the best hotel experiences. My husband and I were driving back from a wedding in the Pocconos and decided to stop in Pittsburgh. I booked the hotel in the car so I didn't have a lot of time to research which is mainly why I went with something a bit on the higher end. I was not disappointed. Finding the hotel is very easy and we decided to just valet. Valet was wonderful and whenever we needed our car we had it in under 5 minutes. The guys down there are fast and efficient all while being very friendly. Front desk/check-in was also wonderful. They will even walk you to the elevator to show you how to use your room key. Room/Amenities: Wonderful! We had a king room with a view of market square and the river, a wonderful view with floor to ceiling windows. The room was plenty big for an overnight stay or a week long stay with plenty of storage space, seating, bathroom space and more. The beds are amazing, so comfy. Bathroom is a dream. Nice and roomy with a separate shower and tub. They also had a keurig. Only negative was there was no cups included. Not sure if it was just an oversight but we ended up not using it anyways so not a big deal. Food: Jazz was in the lobby on Saturday night and this was wonderful. Typically not something we would do but being pregnant bar hopping is out for us. My husband enjoyed some mixed drinks and we ordered a cheese plate while listening to some live music. It was perfect and I really look forward to enjoying this again. Service was fast although the 2 people working sure looked like they needed help. This place gets packed and they were running around like crazy! Overall, one of the best stays I have ever had. I know I paid a premium for a last minute booking but I wouldn't hesitate to pay that again. However, now that I know to book a little in advance the small price change makes booking this hotel an absolute no brainer!
5	River view room is amazing! Especially cool to have a view of the stadium while the pirates are playing! Be sure to ask for binoculars if they haven't provided them in your room!We, the serious hotel snobs will definitely be staying at Fairmont anytime we're back in Pittsburg.
1	I was a regular at the Andy's bar at the Fairmont Hotel. Good drinks, not so good service. Well didnt make much of the sub-par service coz the bar is usually busy I do understand the gap. Last evening I had a horrible experience at their reception area. My wife & I were waiting for a taxi at stand opposite their entrance for a while. A taxi starts to come towards where we were and one of the hotel staff decided to cut us and put some of his guests into the cab. I was shocked at this and approached him questioning his action. The hotel staff, Daniel, started to hurl abuses at me justifying his action and continued to raise his voice. One of the managers, Michele stepped in to understand the situation but Daniel continued to shout and defend himself. Such kind of behavior is a result of pride, lack of customer service and respect. Needless to say, I am done with visiting this place. I warn others to watch out for any lack of customer service during their visit to the Fairmont.
5	Stayed here a little while ago for a night. Booked a regular room (~$250/night) but was offered an upgrade for $100. The room I got for the extra hundo was truly massive, so big it didn't have a number... but a name! The staff was excellent and the cab I had scheduled was waiting for me as I checked out. Definitely a comfortable and very central place to stay if you're ever in Pittsburgh.
5	Top notch on all levels from Valet, Check-In, my Room, the Bar, The Fitness Center, and the Mascot Dog.  I truly didn't find anything lacking at The Fairmont Pittsburgh.I checked in and they immediately upgraded me to a suite.  An awesome perk considering I'm not on their rewards program.  I signed up on the spot!  The room was absolutely gorgeous with spectacular views.  I didn't want to leave.Great bar with cool bartenders that I was able to talk Steeler Football with.  Something I truly miss living in New England. Great great location with a lot of restaurants and cool shops right around the corner.  Not to mention a short jaunt over the bridge to PNC Park.The Fitness Center is probably the best I have seen anywhere that is associated with a hotel.  I travel a lot and can't think of anything better.  Great size, all new equipment, very clean, and plenty of cardio machines.In the future when I travel to Pittsburgh, The Fairmont is for me.  They even have that cute pup running around. Well done Fairmont!!
5	The only world-class hotel in Pittsburgh, in my opinion.  Beautiful design, great location, fantastic restaurant, professional staff.....
4	its a fairmont.  their service is great.  i still think the ritz has them beat on service but fairmont's are always great.
5	Great hotel in a great location. I had an amazing view of PNC Park and Heinz Field as well as of a part of Downtown. They have a great service and the valley parking is really quick, too.
5	Fantastic experience. Straight A's all around.  We are thrilled to have a high-end hotel in Pgh to stay at when we head back to visit family a few times a year.  (read: TripAdvisor review on Sheraton Station Square - blech!)Check-in:  A Design and Comfort - 4 night stay: ARoom with a View - watching the snow fall on a Saturday morning through floor to ceiling windows:  ARoom Service - late night nosh + wine after 1:00am check-in:  AGym - Justin Timberlake spotting!:  A+++Bar - a bottle of Prisoner, cheese plate and jazz:  A+Walkability - Market Square holiday cuteness + Sienna restaurant:  A+Staff - awesome manager Desiree, valet staff, entire team:  AWinner!
5	Such a magical hotel!On my way to Pittsburgh a few months ago I was really looking forward to two things:1) Spending time with Yelp Pittsburgh's lovely CM, Rachel C 2) Staying at the FairmontWhile hanging out with Rachel C is never a let down, I was stoked that neither was my stay at the Fairmont. Sure, I may have not spent an incredible amount of time actually *in* the hotel during my two night stay, but the time I did spend in it was fabu. From the floor to ceiling windows with stunning views of Pittsburgh's famous PPG Building to a dizzying selection of canned nuts, I was living the life. The bed was comfy, my room was spacious and the bathroom was practical with a dash of modern luxury.The location was also clutch. I was just a quick walk from restaurants and theaters and it was never a hassle or stress to catch a cab with a little help from Fairmont's accommodating staff.While the rates might seasonally vary quite a bit, this will be my #1 go to any time I can swing it. It doesn't get much better than this!
1	Mediocre at best.  Fitness center is A+++. Otherwise rooms are a C- and service is a clear fail.
4	Excellent stay for the Winter Classic.  Fantastic service, amazing view, amazing room, anything we needed was provided by the friendly staff.  This is easily one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in.
5	Came to Pittsburgh for a wedding and had a great stay at the Fairmont!  Due to some changing plans, I had to bring the dog and they were beyond welcoming.  They even offered a dog bed, dog treats, etc.  And their "Dog Ambassador" Edie made fast friends with my pooch!  As a responsible dog owner, it was an unbelievably refreshing experience and well worth the $25/night extra!  The hotel facilities are great (and very clean) too - rooms, gym, parking, etc.  Everything about the stay was great!  Big thanks to The Fairmont and all of the staff!
5	This is truly a beautiful hotel. I've spent the night here once and have hung out in the lobby a few times for various reasons. The quality of the rooms is great, the views are pretty incredible (especially if you're staying over Market Square), and I've always been impressed with the live music being played on weekend nights downstairs. I would recommend this hotel to any visitor who's willing to fork over the monetary goodness.
5	The Fairmont is always a great option whenever you are staying around the US/world. I am so happy Pittsburgh finally has a hotel of this caliber. We spent our wedding night here and were not disappointed. The views of Pittsburgh are spectacular, the service is supreme, and the quality of our stay was wonderful. We also planned our wedding Brunch here in one of the ballrooms and they took care of everything for us, including decor/florals. The floral arrangements were absolutely stunning. The food was excellent and they even took care of my food allergies. They have food options to suit any dietary restriction or need. Even if you're from Pittsburgh, this is a great spot to take a little "staycation." I will absolutely be back!
5	This review is for the spa only. As a local it's not going to be very likely I'll stay here, but it's definitely going to be highly likely I'll come back for a massage! Honestly this may have been the best one I've ever had! It was also very different than I've experienced before. First off, I had a male masseuse. I've only had women. I don't know if this says men are better masseuses than women (I mean, we're pretty much better at everything!), but I might request a dude next time!Second, he listened to the fact that I said I'm tense in my neck, so he worked on that for a bit, but he also did an all over massage too. I hate when you tell them one thing you need work on and that's all they do for an hour.Third, he did this breathing technique where he was trying to get me to relax and slow my breathing down. It was actually quite calming. I'm so glad I know the spa is now an option to go to, and not just for hotel guests. Plus you can use the gym and sauna! Love the eucalyptus steam room!!
5	I along with a few other couples stayed here when we were going to a show at the Hollywood Bowl. It was a nice hotel. Great location. We had just a standard room and it was very comfortable and clean. We needed a van to take us to the Hollywood Bowl and the Bellman at the front was so very nice and helpful. We also went to the lobby bar for drinks and for appetizers. I was very happy with the selection and service. I would recommend this hotel again and again.
5	Stayed here on a business trip very nice jr. Suite. Spacious, comfortable with solid wireless coverage. Excellent gym for cardio and weights. Several restaurants near the hotel including Flemings, the Farm at Beverly Hills, Wolf Gang Puck, Trader Vic's all 2 minutes away. Ritz Carlton Spa connected to the hotel. All in all a great experience. I travel a lot so comfort, smiling employees and convenience are very key. This is not necessarily a great location if you have time to go out, see some sights but it is generally a good location if your main work will be downtown.
