5	We used Chocofin chocolates for our wedding favors, and the owners were very friendly and accommodating.  They're extremely knowledgeable about the fine art of making chocolates, and it shows in every carefully crafted truffle or chocolate they make.  They even have sugar free chocolates, which was an important factor for us since we had a few diabetic people at our reception.  The chocolate raspberry and the banana macadamia nut are absolutely amazing!  I highly recommend them.
5	The greatest.  I have friends on the West side who make me bring them Chocofin occasionally.  Friendly, fantastic treats- highly recommended!
5	This place has the BEST in house made on the spot chocolates that will make you come out for more! Honestly, this is a chocolate lovers paradise. A little hole in the wall but so worth the trip. They have more than just chocolates too. They have great looking deserts and Gelato. Hands down the best chocolates I have EVER had!
3	Nice chocolate, great icecream...... pitty that nobody behind the counter (3 people) actually looked like they wanted to be there at all! They were all pissy looking, not sure why. Maybe just an off day. Go and try the icecream though (icecream was better than their sorbets), especially on hot days, you can take it down to the park and watch the worlds largest fountain on the hour.
3	I had trouble deciding on the rating before landing on dead center. I agree with all the other reviewers on the chocolate - absolutely none better and lots of choices. I have visited Chocofin about six times and each time have had a wonderful taste experience. The problem is one of the help. The owner (I think he is) has always been friendly and helpful but the latest stop with four of us having ice cream dishes, the girl seemed downright put upon to scoop and prepare the orders. I will stop again but frankly if the same server is there I'll just get a chocolate and forget about any thing that requires an effort. And that is a shame because the ice cream is as good as it gets.
5	I have never been a great chocolate lover, but I do love sweets and finely crafted food.  Which is why after having tasted the chocolates from Chocofin, they are the only thing I put on my Christmas list this year!  I recommend the sea salt caramel truffles and the red chili truffles.  I have also tasted several cakes at different events in town and can honestly say that I haven't found anything there that wasn't wonderful.
5	The BEST fine chocolate ever!  I always ask my husband just for these chocolates for Valentine's day. They are better than flowers or jewelery.  I also give these chocolates as gifts and serve them to company.  I like them all but I tend to lean towards dark chocolate so two of my favorites are the roasted raspberry and Grand Marnier.
5	Cannot wait to return this winter....their chocolate Pecan Pie is TO DIE FOR!Lovely people, lovely business. Just lovely lovely lovely
5	COCONUT GINGER IS MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE. Other must trys: whiskey caramel, turtle, Grand Marnier, Baileys, Mint, s'mores and vanilla bean caramel. The german chocolate cake is fantastic. Just go there.Oh... they made this awesome power bark too.
