1	I am kind to all service workers! always! This place has the worst service I have ever seen. I do not expect four star treatment from fast food but this place is ridiculous. You better check your bag because they are going to forget something. Yesterday my husband went to get a quickie family fish dinner. He was told that no sorry we are out of hushpuppies and Pepsi. Okay thats fine but what can we have to replace the hushpuppies? He was told to go down the street there is a store. This is inside, not the drive thru. It seems that this is a common experience at this restaurant. I already sparingly frequent fast food establishments but this will definitely be the last attempt. And yes I have contacted the corp. I dont want anything from them though, they can keep it.
2	The service here can be hit-or-miss, but more often than not, I don't have problems. Usually, when my friend and I stop by, we're waited on by the same server, and our food comes up relatively quickly. It's always fresh, too. Unfortunately, when they get busy, it creates problems because they don't have a stock of anything prepared, which in turn creates delays. Their cashiers have a habit of walking away from the counter in the evening, leaving customers waiting for however long it takes them to notice someone is standing there. While I understand that they have to clean up the restaurant for closing, there should always be someone to watch the counter.As a side note, their drive-thru speaker went down about a month ago and still hasn't been repaired. It creates delays at the drive-thru window for placing orders, especially later in the evening due to above mentioned cashier habits.
2	Someone please change the cooking oil!! With the construction on Rt. 51, it has been a very long time since I decided to put up with the craziness that makes up this intersection. A nagging for fried fish however, sent my daughter, and me to this LJS. Mistake number 1 was ignoring the deserted parking lot. Mistake number 2, was placing an order at the drive thru, and eating our 2 piece fish and more dinners, after the smell of old cooking oil put a damper on our nagging for fried fish.The service at the drive thru was friendly, the girl at the window friendly, but the smell of old cooking oil, not so much. Not a soul in sight at this LJS. Yes, there are other places to get great fried fish, and after our experience, perhaps it's time to let this LJS walk the plank off our list. The fish was edible, not the usual crunchy, crumbly LJS fish. The hush puppies were soggy from either drowning in old oil too long, or sitting under heat lamps too long. The fries, endured the same sad torture as the others. Cheap, yes, but not worth the money, or Rt. 51 traffic anymore.
