5	One of the best  club makers available. Their  superior customer service is unmatched in the industry.  Thank you, Ping, I love my clubs.
5	Bar none the best customer service experience I have ever had. I always go here for my customs fittings and every time I walk through the door I feel just as important as a professional player. They tell you everything you need to know about what clubs you need and even offer a bit of advice on you could get the most out of every shot.I have been fitted for putters, irons, and woods and even made adjustments afterwards with no hassle at all.If you are thinking about becoming a more serious golfer you should consider a custom fit. This is the place to go if you want the best around.
5	OK, I'm not a golfer BUT watching PING clubs being manufactured was SUPER cool! It made me have a huge appreciation for them and even want a set -- even though I have no use for them. So, I'm using this review to help spread the word: Did you know that the world-famous PING golf clubs are made right here in Phoenix?  If you want to see how these excellent golf clubs are made, reserve a tour at the factory, located at 2201 W. Desert Cove Ave.  (just west of Sunnyslope) Tours are available to the public on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays by reservation only.  Tours begin at 9am and last approximately 2 hours. There is no charge, but tours fill quickly so reserve your spot early. The walking tour is wheelchair accessible. Children ages 9 and younger are not permitted. To reserve your spot, please call Millie at 602-687-5385.
5	PING endures.  In a super-saturated golf-equipment market, Ping were first pioneers, and retain huge market share today.  Ping forges bladed clubs and perimeter-weighted clubs and everything else a significant market-segment needs.  Their manufacturing work and imaginative design work have always been second to none.  They seem to understand the value of simplicity like no other competitor.  Ping can and does introduce you to the game like no one else, and then can stay with your game even if it goes so far as to get on television!  To the great Karsten, I say:  Bravo!
5	I was lucky enough to make the right decision when choosing the best clubs to buy. I've always heard great things about Ping products, but now I've had the opportunity to experience the amazing customer service when getting custom fit for my new G25 irons that I purchased earlier this week.  From the moment that I walked in the door I felt welcome. I was custom fit by Nick. Nick told me a lot of things about my swing that I was not aware of and even gave me an education on how and why my clubs should be adjusted ever so slightly. I even left with a sweet ball marker after filling out a quick survey. All of this was free of charge!!! Go by a new set of Pings and make sure to bring them here to get custom fitted. Your future caddy will thank you. Great experience. .. I can't wait to pick them up (only takes a few hours) and get them on the grass where they belong.
