5	Serina is one of the best Zumba instructors I've ever had the pleasure of having.  Her energy is contagious and you can't help but smile.  It doesn't even feel like exercise - just a big party!  I recommend it for everyone.  She's so inspiring with her story and her journey - she welcomes all students to take it with her.  Love it!
5	Serina's class is awesome. She is a great instructor. Ive lost 30 lbs since I started back in April!!
5	Athena Fit Body and Serina Kappes are the driving force behind me completely changing my life and physical health in the last year. Serina, with her positive energy and amazing personality inspires her students as she journeys right there beside them. Anyone looking to make positive changes to their physical health needs to check this out!
5	athena fit body is the best and Serina Kappes is a phenomenal instructor. If you are just starting out or advanced or somewhere in between .Serina has a gift for figuring out where you are and where you want to be with out making you feel silly or in my case dance challenged.  I definitely arrived on the ZUMBA  short bus and was determined to hate the class. I LOVED IT !!  greatly due to Serina !!!!  I have lost about  twenty lbs in about four months with no dieting  just three to four classes a week  THANKS SERINA AND THANK YOU ATHENA FIT AND BODY !!!
5	These girls know how to make working out awesome and fun!!!! Quality instructors, will not disappoint!!! Lots of variety!!!
5	I have known Serina for years and have watched her transition from "the big girl" (ask her and she'll tell you all about it!) to "the Zumba Instructor and gym/club owner" with pleasure and pride. Her contagious, boundless enthusiasm, knowledge of dance, natural rhythm, and - now that she's running her own club - ability to identify and bring aboard others with her same drive and love of helping others achieve their fitness goals while having fun, is inspirational. Check out the club; try a Zumba class, try a Hump a Donk class (Ryan's a great instructor for this!), try a Real Ryder class - but don't put it off if you live ANYwhere near In the RA Fitness! There's nothing in town quite like it!
5	Bikes were a lot different than a normal spin class, Whitney is a great instructor even though learning she has the great music and drive to make this a fantastic class. The only draw back is I can't drive that far a lot.
5	My friend Michael invited me as his guest to last night's session with Serina and I am so glad I committed. I got one heck of a workout and enjoyed every minuet of it. The studio is well kept, music was awesome and the instructor was an absolute sweetheart. Her positive energy was contagious; she connected with the class and kept the momentum going for the full hour.I bought the package deal and I can't wait to "burn-off" through my 20 classes. WEPA!
5	I bought a Google Offer for this place, and I'm so glad I did- The classes are SO fun... Even Zumba. Which makes me twitch. I am the opposite of rhythmically skilled. But the classes here are fun, easy, and a great work out too! I tried 1 of the cycling classes.... Request the 'naughty' playlist. Cycling to Luda and Peaches never felt so good ;)
5	I love this place!!I've never been a fan of group training of any kind because I feel like a total goober jumping around in front of strangers and steady state cardio is my nemesis e.g. treadmills, elliptical etc. I do only enough to keep my heart healthy and prefer lifting heavy weight with some active rest, getting me in and out of the gym in 45 minutes tops; but I have a confession to make....I'm in love with Zumba. I hate saying the word. I wish it had another name. Zumba! Zumba! Zumba!There, maybe I can get over it and move forward.The vibe at In The RA is truly fantastic and unlike anything I've experienced anywhere else. It's clear from the moment you walk in that this studio is the owners proverbial 'baby' and that feeling of genuine acceptance and caring extends to the entire staff. You actually feel like a total goober jumping around with a bunch of friends instead of strangers...and that I don't mind.In The RA offers a slew of other classes as well including Real Ryder (which is like a spin class on steroids), Turbo Kick (my least favorite, meh) and even Yoga/Pilates. I believe there is some sort of 'Flirty Fitness' class as well, which, if a pole were involved I'd be much more game to try.  (homegirl can work a pole ...shhhh)Anyway, you get the point.My gym of choice is right next door, Tangible Fitness, so it's convenient to get some training in and then walk over for a class. I can't say Zumba anymore without my brain exploding so I'm going to leave it at that. Thanks for bringing such a great studio to the valley and much success to you In The RA!
5	I took a Zumba class here with Ryan and Cathy. SO MUCH FUN! I have a pretty decent dance background, and this class was a challenge, but very fun. I love the flavor of a small dance studio like this providing classes versus the classes you can attend in a big gym. It seems that the other participants in the class have been around the studio for a while, and they seem to really enjoy themselves as well. The only troubling bit about the studio is the parking situation. Which, I don't attribute to the studio's overall score because it is a shared parking lot. There is apparently a bit of a problem with parking because the studio is next to a gym and a tanning salon. So, all of the parking spots are labeled "30 min parking only". There is a parking lot around the back, however when I parked out back I got a note on my door from an antique shop that said "no gym parking". Alas, it seems that there needs to be communication between business owners in the same complex about parking. I don't understand why I got that note on my car door, because there was PLENTY of open parking in that lot so it's not like my parking there would inhibit someone from going to park and frequent the antique shop.
3	This is unlike any gym or fitness place you've ever been to.  It's got a funky vibe and the people are friendly.Why only three stars? It's almost too funky.  When I walked in for my first ever class there was another class going on and it was so loud I could barely hear the gal at the desk.  There are no private lockers so you have to leave all your stuff right by the front door which is a little sketchy to me.  Not to mention you can't even park by the front door so if you were to leave your valuables in your car you'd never know if someone was breaking in to it because you have to park in the back.I took a yoga class and the poor instructor had to bring all her own blocks and blankets! I'm all about going with the flow but there was just a bit too much flow for me.  I'll use up the rest of my five class package and that will probably be the end of it, it's just not my scene.
5	In the Ra Fitness is still open! It is now relocated to 8911 N Central at Central and Dunlap.  I am a big fan of this place and can't wait to go to my next Zumba class!! Here is the link to their new location on Yelp. http://www.yelp.com/biz/in-the-ra-fitness-phoenix-2
5	IN THE RA FITNESS IS NOT CLOSED, IT HAS RELOCATED TO A LARGER SPACE!New address is 8911 N Central Avenue, Suite 102 Phoenix, AZ 85020This place is great, fun classes including the Dirty Ride, if you are like me and enjoy bike riding while listening to  some naughty music, this class is for you. The bikes they have are really cool too, you can actually lean on them so it seems more like real bike riding than indoor cycling. They also have hip hop, zumba, yoga, whatever you like they probably have a class you would enjoy.
2	Haven't been yet; so why the review?  Well... considering there are some very key things missing from their website, such as ADDRESS and CLASS SCHEDULE - how would I actually be able to go?  There are two addresses and two phone numbers listed on Yelp, which just adds to the confusion.  By process of elimination, I do know that the 480 area code number is the correct one.  However, when I called, I got a recording - so still no answer to my questions.  Marketing 101... have your address (how I can actually walk in the door) along with your class schedule and pricing (how I can actually spend money with you) prominently displayed on your website.  I was trying to help a friend who lives downtown find some RealRyder classes closer to him, since my spin studio is in the Biltmore - too bad I can't send him any information.  Or send you any business.
