4	We've eaten here a number of times and have always had the best service and great food.  All of the servers we've had were excellent and the manager always makes it a point to check on us and see if we need anything.  No complaints and we'll definitely be eating there again.
1	I heard someone call Applebees the Walmart of restaurants and I couldn't agree more. Everybody assumes I would love this place because it has apple in the name and I really like apple themed things. But no. Ugh. Gross. Nothing on the menu is good and the prices aren't even cheap!! I can understand cheap prices for cheap food but the prices are the same as Chilis or TGI Fridays. Except they have good food.The service is always horrible. The only reason I ever come here is because my boyfriends parents love it. No idea why.
3	Out of every location I have reviewed or probably will review I have the longest history with this one location. The quality of the food and the service we received have fluctuated so much over the years that it's really hard to give this location just one rating since they could rate anywhere from 1 stars to 5, so to be fair I think 3 stars will suit it fine, plus upon a recent visit this is about what I would say they were at right now, but give it year and it will change again I am sure!
5	Happy hour at this Applebee's is like snow bird central.  There's always a line out the door, a long wait, and the dozens of grandparents who occupy it seem to be there e.v.e.r.y.d.a.y... However! We LOVE it! The specials are great (best on our side of town actually) and we get a seat at the bar almost every time regardless how crowded it is.  The 2 regular bartenders Chance and (blonde dude, can't remember his name but he's cool too) are always very nice,fast, and make awesome drinks. We come here almost every week, and it never disappoints! 5 stars! :)
2	Service is decent. The karaoke night sucked. With the digital age, karaoke should never be limited to such a lame list of cliche songs..
3	Service is ok.  A 1 1/2" head on a beer though is NOT a "perfect pour" in my opinion!  Not at all happy about that & this location is the only one that uses this excuse.  And bring back the red jalapeno poppers PLEASE!!!
1	The food was okay but the service was horrible.  The table was not cleaned when we were seated. A girl came to clean the table with a smelly dirty rag and brushed all the crumbs on our laps. I asked if she would please get a clean cloth. When she came back she argued with me...told me the last one was clean. If a cloth smells enough for me to notice then it's full of bacteria and not at all clean. No wifi either. Why? The waitress said it's because people stay too long. I will not be visiting any Applebee's again.
2	I use to be the biggest fan of Applebee's. Now a days it's a place to get a meal, but nothing spectacular here. This particular location has some of the worse service I have seen in a long time. The staff just doesn't seem to care about catering to their customers. Unfortunately, the food - no matter how good it may be is hurt by the staff and how they service their customers. Lunch- they have the best soups and salads! Especially the Shrimp and Spinach salad with the tomato basil soup.Dinner - the steak are good, not great, but they are tastier and reasonably priced.Hopefully the staff will soon get the message other wise I will look for a new location for Applebee's.
1	Really terrible experience. We waited about a half hour to be sat for a party of 4, which wouldn't be so bad If we didn't walk past 4 empty tables on our way to be sat. There were at least 6 open tables in the restaurant while we were waiting. Our food took forever. Our appetizer came out with our meal and was cold. Our waitress was supposed to tell us about the gift cars deal which she did not, and the card on the table said if they forget they'd bring a free desert, and it never came. Wouldn't return solely because the service was AWFUL.- Victoria Shaughnessy
2	Bad experience.  I found hair in my salad bowl.  I informed the waiter,  he apologized, and replaced the bowl and salad.  When the bill came, nothing was comped.  The wait for the manager was too long.  This shows that management was extremely busy with other customer complaints.I had kiddos with me, so I left before resolution.  I'll bring it up on my next outing
1	If you would like to wait an hour to get your food, and once it's served it's cold and burned; then I would recommend this restaurant. If you want fast service, hot food....GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!. My party of 4 have tried this particular restaurant twice and it's the same old story...cold food, they brought the same manager over, same ol same ol... She apologized, took my wife's ribs off the bill but the bottom line, it was a waste of time to go there. We went there at approx. 715pm and didn't leave till 830ish and they were not busy at all. Ridiculous!!   We'll be going to Chili's just a little further down the street....
3	I can tell this place is managed well.  The food & service was good.  It just wasn't my thing.
3	Yum
4	Lunch special was great.  Pretty hard to mess up soup and salad.  Then again I have had a soup and salad that wasn't that good.
5	Popped in for lunch at 1245 on a Wed. Place was packed and the wait was longer then expected but well worth it!My waitress was Alyssa and she was on cue throughout the entire meal! Excellent job! I ordered the Roma Steak medium rare w/ a stuffed Portabella Mushroom. The food was expertly prepared and delicious! This is not a steak house and yet they out shined Black Angus of Chandler by a mile!! Highly recommend them if you're on that side of town. The manager even came over to greet me and ask how the experience was- now I really don't care for that but there were a number of patrons that did appreciate his attention.After reading some of the other reviews- I think they've heard the issues and have attempted to correct them.
5	Great bar to hangout at after work.  The bartenders know you and your drink by name!  Happy prices are great as well as their daily specials.
5	I had the boneless chicken wings which are good any time. Also had the orential chicken salad one of my favorites.  Hubby had the chicken pasta penne dinner and a bonus was all the football on tv for him
4	We really enjoy the quesidilla burger along with the house side salad! Wendi made our visit enjoyable! We bring our 89 year old friend and she loves the tomato basil soup!
5	Great service, good food, AMAZING Bahama Mama drink! The drink is delicious and only $3 all day, every day!
3	Could've been better but overall just ok.  We ordered the queso blanco cheese dip which was mediocre.  We also ordered the pretzels with beer cheese and that was amazing.  My husband had the fish and fries and said that the oil they used to deep fry them tasted old.  I ordered the Mac and cheese with the chicken strips on top and was disappointed.  The bacon was very fatty and the chicken was over cooked.  Probably will only go back for appetizers.
2	Food was good but service was awful.  Waiter Javey was prompt with our order and bringing the food, but very inattentive and forgetful on other things.  We asked him twice for lemons for our drinks and, after waiting about 20 minutes, got up and got them ourselves at the bar.  It was my and my guest's birthday, and our wives mentioned it to him TWICE (out of our earshot) and asked about the birthday dessert.  He gave them an attitude and never did bring it until the manager was called and ordered him to do it.  At the end of the meal, I asked twice for a go cup for my soda and again, never got it until the manager came around to check on it.  I did leave him a $4 tip on a $52 bill because I thought he deserved something for the service he did render, but after finding out about his attitude on the desserts, I would have left him nothing.  Hoping the manager gets this straightened out before we go back.  We really like Applebee's food.
5	My girlfriend and I always come here because it is our favorite! The Honey BBQ Wings with ranch are on point and are only 5 bucks during happy hour! The steak is always amazing, we got sauteed mushrooms on the side, I got the fish and chips and it was so delicious. The coleslaw that comes with it as a side was probably the best I have ever had. Come here if you want good food and great service! Linsey was our waitress and she was awesome!
1	I've honestly never had a good experience here. The waiters always seem to hate their jobs and the hostesses just stand there and watch TV. I just left there and got the unlimited soup and salad and our waitress only checked on us once after the food came out. We had to ask the hostess to go find her when we wanted a refills. She passed us multiple times without even looking at us and then we had to wait for her to remember about us for us to get the check. I wanted desert but I wasn't willing to wait more for it. Third bad experience. Won't give them another chance.
