4	By far, way better service than the ones in the Bay Area!  Our waiter, Rachel, was very warm and friendly, and anticipated all of our needs...from drink refills to when our entrees will be ready ("just a few more minutes"), she was never late with anything.  And if you're on a health kick / lifestyle change like me, order the Linguini Marinara.  Even the version with whole wheat noodles was deliciosoo!!
2	Shame on me for going to a chain Italian joint, but we were in the area and soup salad and breadsticks sounded good.  I have not been to an Olive Garden for maybe 7 or so years, and WOW have they gone downhill.  Food is ok, not good.   Service was poor at best.  Waited for drinks, waited for food, waited for check much much longer than we should have.  Learned my lesson and will not be going back (to this location anyway.)
2	So, my wife received a $50 gift card for Olive Garden from her work for christmas. We decided to finally use it. We never really go here, we feel there are plenty of other better options. The breadsticks were not good. I remembered liking them in the past but they just tasted bad. I had the chicken parm and same thing. Just not good. My wife had a pasta dish and was not thrilled either. We both ate maybe half our plate. The check came out to like $28. We decided to leave our waitress a $22 tip, not because the service was great because it wasn't, but because we plan to NEVER return there. Too many other places to go that are good!
5	My trips to various Olive Gardens (most in MN) have varied in satisfaction, but my recent trip to this one was phenomenal. We really lucked out by snagging a cafe table in the bar area because it was the height of dinner service with a 45 minute wait for a table for 4 otherwise. The service was great from the beginning. We had waters on the table before we were even settled in, and our unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks came out promptly. The food was great...better than most OG locations. The server kept a close eye on us, and even though he was busy, he communicated very well so we knew we were never forgotten about. In the end, we were done with dinner and on our way out by the time we woud've been seated in the dining room. Can't complain about that! Recommendations: Make a reservation if you're going for dinner, or if you encounter a wait...scope out the bar. You just might find an open seat!
4	This is one of the best Olive Garden's I've been to.  The waitress was very friendly and quick, she took our order right away and all of our food, including the salad and breadsticks, came out quickly.  The food itself seemed better than the other Olive Garden's too, whether it was cooked better or just had a better flavor I don't know but it just altogether tasted better.
3	We were seated fast.  At the time we entered (445pm) there was no wait.  By the time we left at 615pm, there was at least a 20 minute wait with 30+ people in the waiting room.  Once we were seated, it took about 10 minutes to get our drink order.  After that the service was prompt.  The waitress even brought a pitcher of rasberry iced tea to a location near us so she could keep my partners drink filled.  (Which he ended up drinking the whole pitcher).  The endless bread sticks and salad was nice.  I was bound and determined to be full by the time my plate came.  My plate was the Parmesan crusted biscette.  I asked for it medium, but it came rare.  Luckily I really like my meat rare and only order medium because I'm paranoid about food borne illness, so I didn't send it back.  Asparugus was awesom as well were the mashed potatoes, but I thought the portion size of the mashed potatoes was tiny for the price of the plate that I payed($17).  Overall good food, good service, and I'd go back here again. Thanks.
2	Had a great meal with some friends. Everything was great at the restaurant. Love the breadsticks, by the way. You can never have too many on the table! Cut to 5 hours later waking up at 1 am to spend the next two hours vomiting violently. Sea food + vomit = ROWDY!!! Maybe it was my fault for ordering sea food in the desert??? Would normally give OG 4 stars but just can't do it this time.
3	Come here a lot. Love the tilapia which my mom order. My sister have the steak gorgonzola and she love it. I like my berry freshca. The food is great. But the service is bad. Usually the service is the best here. But this time it is horrible. The guy doesn't even care. He let us wait and never come by and ask how we are. I know they are busy but we never ask for anything. Even when he bring put the dishes, he just shove it to our face while talk to the others. Wow what a nice service attitude?
3	I decided to stop in to pick up something togo after church last Sunday. The experience was ok. The waitress who took our TOGO order were not friendly(they usually are). The food is good but the service could be better. We will go back though since it's one of our favorite italian restaurant.
1	I've been wanting to go here for a awhile but the line is always out the door and after finally eating there tonight I'm not sure why.  The food is mediocre at best in all honesty it tastes and looks like the food was microwaved.  My girlfriend remarked on our way out that "the best part of the meal was the after dinner mint"  Save your money for Carrabba"s which has much better food.
2	Out dated decor, and stains on all the chairs. Our waitress was way too speedy, slamming plates down, and glaring at all her other tables while talking to us. The food was decent and was out in decent time. We had a gift card, so we couldn't let it go to waste.
3	Service is always good and the place is always clean.  Honestly though, a craving for the unlimited salad, soup and breadsticks is the only reason we ever come to this place rather than going to Caraba's (or some other Italian place).  The rest of the food on the menu tastes like its been microwaved from frozen rather than actualy cooked to order.  Last time we went for lunch even the salad was sub-par because the lettuce was old and wilted.  We will go back because that was the first time that has ever happened...but if I ever get a bad salad again at this place the whole chain is off the list for good.
1	We got a to go order for alfredo and spaghetti. The amount of sauce they put in the food was a joke. It literally tasted like noodles with a hint of sauce. We couldn't even save our leftovers because there wasn't enough sauce to save the noodles from becoming dried out and crunchy in the microwave. When a place is charging $15 a plate for a basic pasta dish then they need to step it up a notch. Id love to think this was a one off situation but it's not. Oh, and if you try to ask for more sauce (ie, the normal portion) they'll try to charge you.
3	Still a solid choice for good food. This restaurant has a strange odor? Sort of a musty, sour smell? Its not overwhelming, but instead of this location we will probably try another one from now on. Food was good, service was good.
2	Their waiters need to learn basic math. I ordered an alcoholic drink (I AM over 21, but I look younger) and the waiter took my ID and studied it for a good minute, then gave it back, said OK and went off to get our drinks. The drink I received was nonalcoholic, and so was the 2nd one I ordered (I tried a different type of drink this time)
5	love this place! always fast and good service and great food
3	Soup and salad all you can eat, it's worth it, but the rest is just ok.
4	Every bite of the fagioli soup. I say mmmmmm.
2	service was kinda slow, they stuck us in the back seemed kinda weird because the place was empty, seemed a little rascist. they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took 20 minutes to arrive.
4	Olive garden is basically the cheap and fast food for Italian.  If you're expecting fine dining Italian, not the place, you're better off at Brio.  But if you want no non-sense, dirt cheap food at fast service, Olive Garden fills that roll.  They always have specials going on, so its best to go for that.  I went for 2 for $25.  That's unlimited soup and also salad, 2 entrees and your choice of desert or appetizer.  Salad is alright, just a house salad nothing special and also you can choose from 4 different soups and you change your soups.  I tried 3 of them.  They're not the best soups but they're not bad.  It is what is.  The entrees are alright too, good portions, the Seafood Lasagna had actual seafood and even the scallops are real and plentiful. which was surprising to me.  Overall the quality and taste are sup-par nothing special.   But you already knew that.  everything is on the cheesy side if anything.   As long as you come go to Olive Garden with the right expectations, fast italian for cheap, you'll have a good dinner and a good experience.  If you're expecting fancy high class authentic Italian... you  will be disapointedProCheap italian foodgood selectionunlimited soup and saladCongeneric tasting soups and pasta
5	Went in for lunch for the never ending pasta bowl our server Bonnie M. was incredible made me love the OG again. Love the new asiago sauce and the chicken fritta .
1	We went to this location last night for my birthday. Well it wasn't a very happy birthday. Our server was Buddy and he wasn't very friendly. He kinda just threw our stuff at us. He seemed like he didn't want to be there. His bad mood started to make me get into a bad mood. My boyfriend had mentioned to him that it was my birthday and he didn't even ask if I wanted anyone to sing and bring out a dessert. He didn't say anything about it. No happy birthday. Nothing about out costumes. We actually had another sever come up to us and talk to us about our costumes and was super friendly. I wish I had gotten his name and I wish we had him as a server. My food was ok. My boyfriend said his pizza was terrible. Overall last night was a horrible experience. Now I know not to go to this location for a late dinner.
5	Olive garden is always a bit of a crap shoot when it comes to service, but this one is really impressive. There is a dairy allergy in our group, I know I know we chose Italian, the wait staff made sure everyone was aware of it, the manager even came out to personally cover the dairy menu AND even offered to whip something up using what ever the kitchen had! Simply outstanding, well done Olive Garden, we will definitely return!
2	So, let's start with the obvious first: Olive Garden's food is consistently decent. Normally, the service is decent too, and worth the 15% tip. But not last night.Last night, we had the misfortune of getting assigned to server "Crag" (no, I didn't spell his name wrong, that's how it was on his name tag). He seemed friendly enough, but getting our food was like pulling teeth. When the tables around us (who had arrived after us, and had different servers) started getting their appetizers, I started looking for Crag to find out where our sodas were and to see what the status of our soup was. We had to ask one of the other servers to have him come out to us. He brought us our drinks, salad and breadsticks, but no soup. It took another several minutes for him to show back up so I could ask for the soup again. He expressed surprise that I wanted to be able to eat it before he took our main dinner order. About a half hour later, we had to flag down another server to ask to have Crag stop by again so we could get refills; he still had not taken our meal order. 15 minutes of being ignored later, we had to ask another server to again get Crag for us. When he showed back up at our table, we just asked for the check, and he brought it to us immediately, then disappeared. 10 minutes later, we asked another server if they could cash us out since Crag was gone again. She happily took care of us right away. The 1.5% tip I left Crag reflected the quality of his service (I also left a note on the receipt letting him know that he really needs to work on his follow-up). I wish there was a way that I could have tipped the other wait staff who had to do Crag's work for him.As I watched other customers being taken care of by other servers, I saw that the other servers were being attentive, and orders were flowing out to the tables. I could tell which tables were Crag's, because the glasses were usually empty, as were the sparse dishes on the table. I also noticed that Crag's other tables were having to ask other servers to have him come out to them.I don't know what Crag's issue was last night, but when we return to this Olive Garden location, we will specifically request to not be sat in Crag's area.
4	A few weeks ago, I had previously written about a very disappointing failed dinner at this Olive Garden. The experience was so bad that after 90 minutes of basically being ignored by our "server", we left without ordering dinner.What a difference a couple weeks makes!The food is still decent, but the service this time was exceptional. Our server's name was Adam, and he was great. Friendly, helpful, kept the drinks and breadsticks full. His section was next to another server's, named Joey. They seemed like they were covering each other's customers to make sure we all had a great experience. As far as I could tell, all of the customers were happy.So, congratulations Adam (and Joey) on redeeming your restaurant in the eyes of this customer. We'll be back now, and we will make sure we ask for Adam or Joey.
4	Went back to this OG tonight. Interesting show.As I was walking up to the table, I saw server Crag (mentioned in my first review) was waiting on the tables around us. So before he could greet us, I said to the others in my party "we need to get moved to a different section". Apparently, the hostess had told someone else in my party that we had a different server, so we settled in and watched to see how things went.Our excellent server tonight was Kayla. She did a great job. We gave her a diverse set of requests with our order, and she met all of them perfectly. She was attentive, friendly, suggested several upgrades, and generally continued to restore my faith in this location (like Adam and Joey had done before her). Her tip reflected it.Meanwhile, I watched the tables around us get ignored by Crag again. I thought it was sad that he was still working there, and still meeting his especially low level of expectations that he set for us when we were unfortunately sat in his section. Except this time, there was a manager going around asking the tables if they were happy with their service and food. The tables on both sides of us said the service was really slow and had some other complaints about wrong orders, unfilled glasses, and missing utensils. One of the tables was seated at the same time as us, and in the entire time they were there, Crag showed up exactly twice. The manager had to comp their meal. Not sure how Crag is still working there, especially since there are so many good servers working there, and especially since Crag is costing them money now with his consistently bad performance.Anyway, the food was good as usual.I do recommend this location now, and if you ask for Adam's, Joey's, or Kayla's sections, you'll be very happy with the service.One last point: kudos to the manager (I didn't get his name, but he had short blonde hair and was a consummate professional); he did a really good job of making the customers happy (especially Crag's victims), and he kept the dining room flowing. Nice work!
4	It's Olive Garden nothing spectacular, but out of all the olive gardens I've been to the service is pretty good and fast. Usually come for the soup and salad combo or just some simple pasta and salad. Love the unlimited salad, but I'm usually full before I even start my meal.
1	First of all, let me say that I love our local Olive Garden in Rochester, MN.  I love Olive Garden's menu, so we dine out at the chain somewhat regularly.  We went to this particular restaurant yesterday for a dinner with an elderly relative.  I suppose when we walked in, they profiled us and didn't feel we merited any kind of special or polite treatment.  We were led to the most cramped, dingy and dark booth I had ever seen in an Olive Garden restaurant, where the lighting was so bad, we couldn't even see our menus.  Our server was Sergio, and he was just going through the motions--quite badly.  He didn't smile once, or come back and ask us how we were doing.  He brought the salad, and then we didn't see him for a half hour or more.  Then he came and picked up our salad plates before he served our entrees and actually left the dirty salad plates on the tray beside our cramped dungeon-like table for a long time.  To top everything off, the family behind us were the rudest, most uncouth trash I have heard or seen in some time--they need their own reality show on some trashy network.  Their 2 or 3 year old brat was allowed to screech inhumanly for their whole meal, which unfortunately overlapped ours.  When we finally got our food, it was hot (unbelievably) and tasty, but everything else about the visit was a complete and total fail.  I would be surprised to imagine that the Olive Garden franchise can condone this kind of service and atmosphere.  Luckily I was just traveling through and don't have to ever eat at this hellhole again.
5	Danielle was the perfect server - always smiling and came around enough but not too much, made good suggestions and generally let us be silly, nearby table neighbors were great, food was fresh and tasty. I had the crab topped chicken which was juicy and flavorful. The man had ravioli something that was also tasty - fresh pasta and good meat sauce. The salad and soup and breadsticks are always wonderful. We also got the bruschetta which was really perfect - not specialty, not gourmet, just perfectly normal, fresh tasting tomato, basil and olive oil yumminess.We also had a trio of their Dolcini desserts which made it perfect so we could have tiramisu and the limoncello and strawberry stuff!Overall, even though it was really busy and we waited for about 20 minutes for a table (although 'waiting' in the bar having a drink hardly counts as waiting), with the excellent service and great food this place definitely gets 5 stars from me and for a chain restaurant that is definitely something!
3	Food was just ok.  Service lower than mediocre, but you get what you pay for, right?  We sat in the bar, and had to wait 5-10 minutes AFTER we sat down for the table to be cleaned.  And then the bus boy cleaned every table around ours before he realized it was our table that actually needed it.  The server was VERY chatty at another table so it took her a while to get to us.  And then she was VERY chatty with us and all we really wanted to do was order and get our lunch.  We had two kids meals and a salad.  The meat sauce is much too sweet for my liking and the kids pizza is kinda small, even for a kid.  The bread basket was very full (much to my kids liking) and the salad was sufficient.  (You do know what you're getting....).  I'll go back, but don't really expect my review to improve from the three stars.
2	I came in the other day and as I was walking In I noticed all 3 hosts sitting there gossiping and I came up and told one of them politely I was there for take out. The host replied with total attitude and said "uhh it's at the bar!" Needless to say I was thrown back. Please tell me how I am supposed to know where take out is. Well when I got to take out the girl was awesome but as I was leaving the hostess were all 3 sitting there gossiping once again and as I was walking out never got a good bye or thank you have a great day. I've been hosting for over a few years now and this is definitely a problem. I figure Olive Garden hires for looks only.
1	I recently ate at this olive garden. I found a roach on my table while eating. Found five more before moving to another table. I reported it to their manager Sarah and her responce, " don't take pictures of our roaches!" I was not looking for anything more than an air of concern. Sarah didn't want to see my pictures and with her response it's obvious she doesn't care. I can only imagine what other issues are swept under the rug. I will never eat there again. I've added my photos.
4	We came here on Father's Day. The food wasn't good at first because the noodles weren't cooked all the way! HOWEVER, our server and the manager more than made up for it. The manager had actually gone around earlier giving all the dad's a $10 gift card for next time. When our server mentioned to him our uncooked noodles, he came over with freshly made dishes we had ordered to go and a cake we didn't order to show his apologies. Great! A few minutes later, the waiter came by and explained that everything was taken care of and we didn't have to pay anything. Not for our drinks, not for the bread sticks, salad, my meal (which was different from the other three I was with and was actually fine)...nothing. I was taken aback because I wasn't expecting it to be free.I don't condone complaining about a place after you've ordered but the noodles were uncooked in the chicken alfredo. We'll be coming back because my fiance loves Olive Garden. I think they're all over priced and I personally feel I can make any of it much better and for cheaper, but hey she likes the bread sticks.
2	Disappointing.  I usually love this place but the hostess was rude and the waitress wasn't the nicest either.  On top of it, I ordered something new-the tilapia and shrimp.  It smelt so bad!!  I tried to get over the smell but it was tough.  Fish was soggy and just not good altogether.  I would suggest a different location? I've never had a bad experience at this place before.
5	Service Review:I took my daughter and son in for dinner because she chose Olive Garden for her Birthday Dinner.  I was very pleased with the service and the staff that assisted us, they made it a very enjoyable experience.
2	We went here recently was surprised it was not as busy as usual - Server was fine and the hostess but the food was awfully bland and tasteless.The Marinara sauce was so plain with no salt or spices . We may just have been served canned tomatoes. Salad was ok the first time but when we ordered a second bowl the server did not ask about the cheese nor were there peppercinis or onions. Just plain lettuce. Wont be going back again too soon,,,,,
4	Wow, Olive Garden's "Neverending Pasta Bowl" is back on, so I whipped over here to enjoy this occasional event in which you get unlimited tossed Italian Salad or bowls of their four soups, plus your choice of 36 (!) combinations of  various pastas and sauces!Robyn N. joined me today, and I started with a bowl of their tasty Pasta Fagoili Soup, then a big bowl of Spaghetti with lots of Meat Sauce, then a bowl of Zuppa Tosciana Soup, & several bread sticks.  That was plenty for me.The table service from Amber was excellent, the restaurant is beautiful and comfortable, and I'm still a big fan of Olive Garden.     :-))(Sorry, chain restaurant haters!)Neverending Pasta Bowl $9.99
3	Very popular and I have no idea why. Strictly theredue to being other people's choice. Many years and locations. Boring
4	We visited on a busy dinner night with 9 people and were lucky enough to have made reservations. The waiter was friendly and helpful. After we ordered it took awhile to receive our food, but time passes fast when chatting. Everyone seemed satisfied except for those who ordered Alfredo dishes, which they sent back to have more added. Overall it was a typical olive garden experience with no major problems. I would visit again.
