1	My husband and I went to visit our daughter ( which I am sorry to say is far and few between due to our very hectic schedule) and grandbaby today at her apt. We parked in a guest parking spot and backed in. Unfortunately we didn't see sign at front entrance until leaving in our daughters vehicle much later due to our vehicle being towed. We were only parked maybe 2 1/2 hrs there before needing to leave. These signs the apt complex claim they have posted all over the apt complex are not very prominent and "visitors" would not even take in consideration that the signs applies to them. We called the tow company and advised we want our vehicle brought back Immediately. The driver  "Sam " rudely said no, and we can pick up tomorrow morning for $155.00. My daughter called them and asked if we can pick up tonight, they advised not until after 9pm because no one is there at the sight. Make Note that She called them at 6:35 pm. They advised it will be $20.00 cheaper tomorrow morning. They supposidely open from 10:00 am-4:00 pm...very odd hrs for a tow company. Our daughter looked at her lease agreement to see if it even advises backing in is not allowed and read the parking policies small paragraph to us. And I quote " abandoned or unauthorized vehicles will be towed away at owners expense After a 24 hr notice is posted on vehicle. The 24 hr notice does not apply to vehicles parked in space assigned to another resident, parked in a tow away zone or parked to impede traffic. Vehicles so parked will be towed away Immediatly" interesting how our parked vehicle did not fit into this category but we didn't get the curtesy 24 hr notice. Therefor they violated the parking policy that they set . Also, note it DOES NOT state in the parking policy Anything about vehicles that are backed in.  We will be contacting our attorney and Any necessary media to get this resolved, make an example of their contradictory rules and show Mission Springs apts they will be Very Sorry for treating tenants and visitors so poorly. The Towing company will be regretting their actions as well especially if my vehicle is damaged in Any Way!! Our daughter has had numerous problems living at this apt complex also. Anyone looking to rent here...head our advise DO NOT RENT AN APT AT MISSION SPRINGS APTS!!! I'm only giving 1 star because I have to just to get this review to post.
1	Our daughter finally moved out of this dump of an apartment at Mission Springs.  Since she had an extremely busy work schedule the week of moving, her father and I cleaned her apt so she would get her deposit back. She scheduled her walk thru for a day and time and David took it upon himself to walk thru Before she arrived. He wrote her up /charged on several items that are totally bogus.Such as "painting ", full clean , carpet replacement, cabinet boxes needing re painting, pet damage to carpet. He refused to let her in the apt to do walk thru with him and get pictures of what he is charging her for.  Luckily we took before and after pictures when we did the cleaning.She had lived in the apt 3.5 years. They Neglected her apt repair request thru out her lease. On 1 occasion they told her they were going to replace her carpet but David informs her that person no longer works there and they are charging for new carpet. Her carpet wasn't new when she moved in 2010.  Apt carpet is supposed to be replaced at 5 year mark when tenant leaves. Painting is part of the make ready process for every vacant apt.She never had an animal in her apt, so they better rethink that bogus lie about pet stains.Just because there is mold stains on caulking of tub, doesn't constitute a full clean charge. Go ahead and TRY to  charge her for these bogus charges. We will see you in Court Mission Springs apts!! BTW MISSION SPRINGS...We've already consulted with an Attorney about this.  Not looking to promising for you guys.  TO ANYONE CONSIDERING MOVING INTO MISSION SPRINGS APTS....1311  W  Baseline rd. Tempe, Az. DON'T  move in. You Will regret it!!!! They have very poor customer service, they don't take care of the apts or there tenants.
1	...scorpions, roaches, lost packages, seedy neighborhood, over priced, abusive management. Stay away.
3	My experience was just okay. A little run down maybe but overall pretty decent experience. Never had bugs and employees were nice enough. Pretty quiet. A little sketchy at times but given the area that shouldn't be a surprise. Flat rate AC unit made up for the few cons. Its nice to have ur apartment in the 60s during summer! Complex has their own generator I believe which makes this possible. Can't beat that!
1	I have had nothing but issues with this complex. The week before we moved in they tell us the previous tenants have not vacated yet so I could wait two weeks for them to clean it or we can pick another apt, so they gave us the model home. The model home was disgusting. As I was getting my keys you could see management going back and forth through that apartment taking out decorations... tacky. Plus, it was not clean. Yet I paid for it to get cleaned. haha. There were stains on the carpet, cracked tile, water spots on the ceilings, bad paint jobs, easy bake oven as a microwave, scratched mirrors and light bulbs that didn't work. I decided to embrace it and not complain because it was my first apartment and I assumed I was over reacting. Wrong. After that we had issue with the air conditioning since July 2013. I have called the complex at least 100 times asking them to fix it, their response? "we will get someone out there tomorrow". Tomorrow comes & they dont let me know what is happening, so I call and they say "someone will be there first thing in the morning". RIGHT. I dealt with this for a year straight in the summer months too. My boyfriend handled most of these issues and they should be happy I wasn't the one to because I would have acted crazy by then. We then have the creepy neighbor that smokes outside and stares inside my apartment (IM ON THE SECOND FLOOR!!!) and when Im outside he will stare at me. He has never said a word to me and I have tried to be friendly and he flat out ignores me. Whatever, can't blame the apartment on that but just to give you a feel of who lives here. The deeper you walk into the complex, the worse it gets. I live in the very front and going to check my mail is so disgusting, the people and cleanliness is just horrible. The front office staff is anything but caring. The only person that has been nice/professional has been Aracely. Elena.... forget it!!!! She is rude, doesn't deliver messages, and really does not seem like she knows what she's doing. Because I work in customer service for 5 years now, I know how you should treat a customer even if you dont care what they want. I find it really hard wanting to give my money to a business that could care less about who I am or what I want from them. Every time I walked into the office for any reason they were not warm or welcoming, they all seem like they have sticks up their asses... give me a break you work in a ghetto leasing office in Guadalupe. You have no reason to act that way. After dealing with the air conditioning still being an issue, I finally went in there and demanded compensation and to break my lease, and for once they actually helped me out. Thank god I am leaving this place, I moved in despite the bad reviews I saw because I loved the model home. Guess what, there are cheaper nicer apartments in the same area. Please avoid this place if you want any kind of sanity in your life :)
