4	I enjoyed working with the Monroe Road Animal Hospital folks. I've started seeing another veterinarian because the prices at Monroe Road are a little high, but they are still competitive in Charlotte.The staff is friendly and loving towards our animals, and they are willing to listen to the needs of pet owners. When my cat was having some urinary tract issues, they trained me to empty his bladder manually...and when I couldn't quite figure out how to do it myself, they were willing to let me bring him in. They took him in and hooked him up with a pee-massage...and they didn't charge me.You don't get much better service than that!I also appreciated it that they called to check on kitty after I brought him home from some of his health crises. They genuinely cared, and I always felt like it was about my cat's health instead of the money.
5	I take both of my cats there, and I live in Concord. They take the time to answer your questions, send emails out to remind you when you need to come in, have a pet portal so you can check all the records on the pet in question, and best of all...call the next day to see how your pet is. I have lived in several states, and these people are the best!
5	I love Monroe Road Animal Hospital.  I adopted a dog a few years ago and had a horrible experience with the vet I first brought her to.  My dog was diagnosed with heartworms and they gave me a fair price and took extra good care of her.  I think there prices are very reasonable and I love knowing that my dog is well taking care of.The staff is wonderful and very helpful. The hospital has recently updated their website and have an online pet portal where I can make appointments, check my dogs medical records, and find out when my dog is due for her shots. I also have my dog groomed here, they have a great women  who is fantastic my dog loves her.  If you need a place to board your pet they also have a 4,000 square foot climate controlled boarding facility.
5	Had a really wonderful experience at Monroe Road Animal Hospital (MRAH) yesterday. We are currently fostering a dog for the Southeast German Shepherd Rescue named Hotch, who had some bleeding from his neuter incision site.As the rescue does not yet have a vet in Charlotte, I decided to call the two closest vets to my home, which are Animal Medical Hospital (AMH) and Monroe Road Animal Hospital (MRAH). I first contacted AMH, who told me that I could walk in and get charged an additional fee for the office visit on top of the cost to fix the problem. I then called MRAH to find out their pricing. They first said to come in for a 5pm appointment, then said to just bring him in immediately since I was a bit stressed due to his bleeding. They quoted me an office visit charge of $20 less than AMH, even with us not having an appointment. Upon arrival at MRAH, they got us checked in and put into an examination room in short order. Dr. Widay and her assistant were more than helpful, and once I explained that Hotch was a foster dog, she waived the office visit fee, gave me information on where to go to get his prescription for $40 less, and provided me with the name of the woman in her office who could help me with special pricing for vet procedures for 501c3 rescues. She was overly helpful and understanding of the situation, and very good with Hotch, who is a sweet boy but was in a bit of pain and not interested in being poked and prodded.MRAH was great in this situation and I look forward to working with them more in the future.
1	I took my dog here from the time he was a small puppy and was overall impressed. UNTIL... The day I saw one of the vets counsel a pet owner in the waiting room full of people. Her dog was ill with cancer and basically the vet told her she needed to put her down that day unless she could afford to buy expensive medicines. The woman broke down crying and told the vet to at least give her a couple of hours to make the decision. It was TOTALLY insensitive and why..or why didn't she talk to her in private. The vet was rude and cold. It was right then and there that I asked for my dog's medical records and went elsewhere!
5	We've been going to Marty since 1985 for a myriad of dogs and cats. They have to be some of the kindest, most compassionate, professional vets in Charlotte. We have gone to emergency care vet clinics and Monroe Road has always been a better experience. Highly recommend.
1	I had high hopes for this place since I read the Yelp reviews first, but I am extremely unhappy with the service we received and I will not return. I am not a person who gets angry easily and I'm not a person to give low reviews very often either but this is ridiculous. I have a small little pound puppy who I've had for a little over a year. He's not actually a puppy, but a 10 year old dog who's appearance leads me to think he's had a rough life. When I adopted him I vowed to make his last years, better than his first. I took him to this hospital over my first choice because they could get me in sooner. We walked in and the place seemed ok at first. They went through the typical protocol of weighing him and asking the general questions about him, and the wait wasn't too terrible. Once our vet came in, I told her all the problems my little guy has had, and she just didn't strike me as being very compassionate. He is extremely itchy and chewing off his fur, and she said it's most likely allergies. We told her that sometimes we have been itchy and so are the cats, and she said, "That sounds like a personal problem." Ok first of all... I can't believe she would talk to a customer like that. I'm coming to her for her help not to be criticized. I just felt she treated us very poorly in general and I've already spent a couple thousand dollars at the vet in Ohio trying to figure out what's going on with him, still with no answers.She decided to test him for allergies, which meant they'd draw his blood and send it off for outside allergens and food allergies. I was told I'd hear back in a week with the results. A week passes, and no call. I wait one more day and still no call, so finally I call them. They put me on hold and pass me around, and finally I'm disconnected. ARGH. So, I call them back and once again I'm passed around and put on hold forever and finally someone answers as if they didn't realize I was holding in the first place. I tell them I'm calling for my pup's results and it takes a minute to get them again. Once she pulls them up he is apparently allergic to basically everything...grass, dust, certain trees etc. But, oops... they FORGOT to run the food panel!!! She informs me that I can bring him back in once again for more blood to be drawn so they can do the food panel, and then I can buy a serum that he has to be injected with weekly for 3 months to POSSIBLY help his allergies. So let me get this straight, I'm supposed to buy this before you even run the food panel on him? My dog is itching to the point of pulling out his own fur and it could be that I'm simply feeding him something he's allergic to. Yes, he's still allergic to that other stuff but to inject him with something that may or may not work is crazy to me. Besides the point, that the first visit alone cost me over $500!!! The medicine is supposed to be $187 for a 3 month supply. They gave him a cortisone shot which I was pretty much against anyways because he'd already had one, and it didn't work! Well, lo and behold... this second one didn't work either. UGH.I know I'm not a vet, but I'm not stupid either. I know what works on my dog and what hasn't. I am just extremely frustrated, with a little guy who's had a tough run at life and I'm trying to improve his outlook while not spending my life savings on wrong answers and someone who talks down to me in the process. No Thanks. I'll go to someone who actually cares about their customers and their owners.
4	Had a wonderful experience this past Saturday (1/26/13) after noticing one of my dog's poor little eye was swollen almost closed. Called the hospital (my vet was closed already for the weekend) and was able to be seen within the hour. Waited about 15 minutes for the tech to get vitals on my dog, did wait a little longer than that after being seen to a room- but that was to be expected as this was an emergency and we are not regular patients here. Will definitely consider them again in the future if another emergency takes place and we are unable to be seen by our regular vet. Price was also a lot lower than expected- I've had experiences in the past with emergency clinics that were way overpriced, this was a nice retreat from that. Thank you Monroe Rd Animal Hospital!
4	We found Monroe Road Animal Hospital soon after adopting our little rescue mix. We've been with them for nearly 3 years now. Fortunately, our pup hasn't had any major medical issues but has been in for check ups, bladder infections, a clogged tear duct, and general new-parent worries. Our trips to the vet are usually efficient and we're typically in and out in about an hour from walking in the door, depending on what needs to get done. The staff is very responsive to questions and keep good notes about your pet's health; for example, our pup is highly sensitive to topical treatments. We only had to tell them once about her experience with topical flea/tick treatments and they recorded a note to avoid topicals in her chart without any push-back. They don't push meds or specific types of food or treatments, which is really nice. You can make appointments online or over the phone and the office is pretty quick to respond whether through a call or email. We get a follow up email after every visit to make sure our pup is doing well and seeing if we have any questions. We've called the office a few times to ask them questions that may or may not be related to a recent visit like "what can we give her to reduce car sickness on our trip today" or "the meds are making her nauseous, what can we do to alleviate that" and they're more than happy to check with the vet and get back to us within a few minutes. The office isn't going to be the nicest looking one you'll find, but the staff is always pleasant and responsive. The vet also has a grooming/boarding facility and that is a different story all together (my rating is for the vet only, not for the grooming/boarding facility). We took our pup there once for a grooming and nail clipping and have never taken her back. She came running out looking very spooked and worried when we picked her up and her nails were split and hanging from being clipped. We didn't learn until later about grinding down the nails instead of clipping them, but I expected a groomer to at least remove "hang nails" so that the dog didn't snag them on anything while they walked. We worked the pieces off after we got her home and have taken her to a different groomers ever since and she has never come out looking terrified. So, to sum up: Vet, good. Grooming, bad.
3	No frills, affordable veterinary care. We used to go to a posh vet in Dilworth where we paid posh prices. I have absolutely no complaints about Monroe Road Animal Hospital, their staff is great and the location is convenient to Elizabeth and Cotswold. Give them a try, once you get past the less than ostentatious setting, you'll be pleasantly surprised!
4	We recently adopted a wee little kitty who, a couple of weeks after getting her, started acting weird. As any new parents would, we freaked out and called MRAH, who my husband had used for veterinary care with pets in the past. They we able to work us in for an appointment that morning, and were as sweet as can be from start to finish when we brought her in. Bonus is a less than 10 minute drive from home, which means that much less time for kitten to get upset about the car ride. I feel confident about placing her ongoing care in their hands as she continues to grow.
5	They are a kind, compassionate, and talented group. I would;t know what to do without them!
