4	This is a nice place with ample amount of space to study, read, or just play around on the internet.  The establishment is full of great books, probably the biggest selection that I have seen since being a student at Appalachian State University.  If there is a line for the computers they only give you an hour to be online, but this is usually not a problem.  Everyone keeps pretty quiet and I would recommend it for studying or an afternoon read.
3	When I was a kid, the library was my most favorite place to read a billion books, check out movies and read the magazines my mom didn't want me reading at 9 years old. Good times. Hence, I was looking forward to checking out the Main Meck Library Uptown. Before you go, know that parking will likely be an issue. Your free or reduced cost parking options are: take the light rail in, check out the parking options on the library's website or pray to the parking gods that you find a spot on the street. Inside, this is a decent sized library with a good amount new releases mixed in with media, DVDs and plenty of classic literature. While the staff here are very helpful and willing to help you find what you're looking for, I highly recommend searching online and putting your books on hold for easy pickup and reading! You can also choose to pickup your books at a different library branch if that works better for you. As the other reviewers mentioned, this isn't the best spot to sit down and read through a pile of books. Regardless, I hope that this branch continues to supply the local community with great online access, helpful staff members and a boatload of interesting literature. Due to the funding cuts, make sure you pay attention to all Meck library branches' hours of operation. This particular branch is closed all day on Fridays, as of July 6, 2010.
3	The "Main Library" recently moved many circulations around and it's hard to find someone who knows where everything is now? I went their recently and finally found a fiction book in the nonfiction after 20 minuted of looking with 2 staff members. Not ideal, but with all the movement I guess I have some extra tolerance. For overall choice and selection, this is still the Public Library system's best option. That said, I will continue to go here and support the many libraries.
3	Oh PLCMC Main location--you are an interesting character. While I feel compelled to love you since I visit you every week, I have mixed feelings. You're a great location for those who live or work Uptown....but that's about it since you're in the center of Uptown with no parking lot which could isolate yourself from a lot of patrons who would like to visit you.I love how I can go to B&N, write down the names of the books I am interested then go to your convenient online catalog to see if you have the books. And even if you don't have the books, you're kind and order them for me! Free books with just a little wait? Who wouldn't love that?! Of course unless it's a James Patterson book, then I am usually stuck behind 500+ people who always are waiting to read the same book. I love your up to date music selection as well--you have just about everything along with a wide DVD library that allows me to check out comedy's, drama and documentaries for free most of the time but sometimes you want to charge a rental fee on movies that are a year or two old--what gives? Another thing I love? You let me pay my late fees on line and email me when an item is ready or about to me due--you got my back PLCMC! I love the literary quotes you have on the pillars walking into the library-they always bring a smile to myself and I think sometimes you change them on to keep our relationship saucy. But you must do something about the people there-you got some real sketchers inhabiting your space. I would say about 20% normal, 80% not so much. I don't feel safe walking up to the second floor without a man by my side. And I really don't like super sketcher who sees me there and follows me around with his hand down his pants sometimes. That foolishness needs to end.PS-Please add sanitizer dispensers!
4	Main Library has a lot more to offer than just a place to hide out during a lunch break. There are four floors to this building and meeting space available to rent on 3 of the 4 floors. If you work Uptown and just want to check out a book, I suggest putting your title on hold (reserving it online - www.cmlibrary.org) and then picking it up on a break. The book case for holds is located at the only entrance to the location. So, you can zip in and out without spending hours trying to find the book you need.If you need computers you'll find them on the 1st and 2nd floors. All areas also have spots for you to work from your own computer. The 2nd floor also has a quiet zone (nope, most libraries aren't all quiet zones anymore). You can also reserve a computer at the Job Help Center. You'll need to call ahead - 704-416-0600 - or sign up in person.The 3rd floor of Main Library holds one of the greatest treasures in the city, The Carolina Room: http://www.cmlibrary.org/Locations/mainCarolina.asp. A visit to the Carolina Room will send you back to your college library days with its look while feasting in your ancestry and heritage with all of its resources. The staff are some of the Library's most popular and are always ready to help make your researching and learning easier.Yes, parking can be a problem. But, so is most of parking Uptown. Most people won't blink about parking to eat out Uptown so I'm not sure why there are so many complaints about Library parking. The staff is great and so are the ample resources! Pop in a few quarters at a meter and call it a day.
3	As an avid book reader (more like book inhaler!) I love the Charlotte library system but I sure don't love this location. Yes, they have a larger selection than any of the regional branches. Yes, they have more (and perhaps better trained) staff than the regional branches. And yes, they have more computers than the regional branches.But wow, do they have a completely different customer demographic. How many libraries do you know that have a security office? And the stalls in the men's room have doors that are barely half-height?If you're in the neighborhood, then sure, stop in. But I wouldn't recommend making a special trip. You'll have a much better experience at almost any of the regional branches.Note - there is a drive-up book drop in the back.
2	Full o' bums....er...the less fortunate...who camp out inside to either sleep or use the restrooms to bathe in. Plenty of other sketchy people who don't look like they're there to read. If perverts had a chip implanted in them, the device used to find them might target this location as Ground Zero from what I've heard horror-story wise from others.Too many floors for a library but a decent selection.  I only care for this one since it's so close by my work. I do all of my lending online and have my book ready and waiting for me when it's available near the front counter so I don't have to venture too far inside.For others, you would have to contend with finding parking or riding public transportation. Not really worth it.Your pal,Walter
4	This is my first time visiting Charlotte. ( A three-month stay) I was very surprised that 51 books I may read are in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Library system. True enough, someone from Los Angeles (like myself), New York or Boston would not be completely delighted with the range of subject matter, you can find something. Upon entry and departure, I enjoyed reading the quotes on the pillars. Happy hunting!p.s. A word of caution, bring a sturdy bag from home to carry your books. The library hasn't designed their own bags and give those flimsy ones from the grocery store.This location is closed Sundays and Mondays during the summer.
3	Nothing spectacular. Hard to find some items. Nice atmosphere and environment. More of a selection of course, due to larger sized building. Parking sucks if you don't live uptown.
