5	Waited two years for this park to open, and it officially opened today! Monday the 8th 2012There's a new place in town for everyone to enjoy all the way down to the four legged member of the family. Exactly 80 acres of  playground, dog run, jogging, walking, and picnic areas. But if that's not enough it also has a baseball area, soccer field, basketball  and tennis court.The park also consists of  14 acres of natural conservation area and a flood detention basin.I was lucky to be here on opening day and can't wait to bring my dogs and enjoy an UYE here. The park was named after philanthropist Charles Frias who was very active in a number of local organizations                                                                                                                                                    Thank you Charlie!
4	What perfect timing!  Charles Frias Park opened the day I arrived in Vegas! And it is a very short walk from my suite at Club de Soleil. So I enjoyed my 'WOG' (walk/jog) on the path this morning. I forgot my pedometer so I don't know how far I wogged. But I did three laps around it!Does anyone know the length/distance of the walking/jogging path?  I didn't see any markers.  I tried searching the internet. I even tried calling the Clark County parks department but the person who answered didn't have an answer.  She said she would try to find out and offered to call me back with the information.I think the only thing that locals will have difficulty with is crossing Tropicana to get to the park. There was a pedestrian crossing sign but no marked crosswalk or light.I will definitely keep this park in mind for my next visit out here :)
5	Finally Charlie Frias Park...Wow...What a park with an amazing view. This park is surprisingly unique. The cross streets are Tropicana and Decatur and so closely located to the strip it is a superb idea for locals or tourist to take some time and visit this gorgeous park.Highly spacious and with a spectacular view of the strip. This is a park that serves many purposes. Walking path, Dog park, Tennis courts, picnic ares, Huge soccer field, Easy parking, And absoulutely amazing design of natural and manmade elements. Also the park serves as a flood detension basin..which is super smart.The park was named after Charles Frias and you can read about his life on a tower located on the eastside of the park right next to the parking lot...What a great contributor to Las Vegas!Well...One more amazing thing I noticed at this park is if you are an inline skater the path around the soccer field is a great place for that activity!Can't wait to go again! Oh...Just one word of caution...Please watch kiddies when it comes to the dirt hills and drop offs...Could be a little dangerous.
4	This park is a work in progress, I'm a little worried about what it will look like after a heavy rain. A large, beautiful grassy area is situated down next to the drainage channel, tons of trash and mud have accumulated at the mouth of the drainage tunnel, it looks and smells gross.But I like the look of the natural bluffs and rock outcrops around the edge of the grass field. The rest of the park we saw was clean and looked nice.The parking lot off of Decatur is the spot you'll find the dog runs and children play area with splash pads. There are 3 separate dog areas, they are not very big and have low fencing, so dogs that like to jump may be able to escape. The trees are new and small so there wasn't a lot of shady areas. Water fountains and poo bag dispensers are installed around the park. I will likely visit again since there are so few dog parks on the SW side of town.
4	- Humongous park that seems to have everything: basketball courts, pull-up bars, grassy fields, dog parks.- I don't know if the designers did it intentionally but when you take the crosswalk to the NW corner of Tropicana & Decatur, to enter the park you have walk about 100 yards either northbound on Decatur or westbound on Tropicana to find a foot-path/sidewalk in to the park.  From that NW corner you could walk thru the gravel, desert plant landscaping in to the park but it's kinda steep and not best to do with kids.  Just seems to be a weird planning decision.- I applaud the city for using the land as a public space rather than turning it in to commercial or residential real estate.
3	It not very often I go too parks in general. I needed place too start some training for my first 5k run coming up in couple weeks. My coworker racing with lives near the area so perfect neutral site. I always wonder what it looked like since I pass it everyday so looking forward too checking it out. The size of the field that the part that caught my attention  once you park and looking down it enormous. It perfect outdoor track run circles around they have paved walking path around the field. We decided too run on the grass just cause easier on the feet. Talking about the grass I know its winter so HOPEFULLY the green comes back for the summer. It not exactly pretty thing look at but then again running so not as though needed green grass. The parking there lots of parking all around. A plus compare too other parks around town. They do have play areas for the kids one on both sides, basketball court, and dog park area. The bathrooms are close by plus two of them. In all nice park and really great place too go running outdoors and enjoying the weather on nice day.
3	Having lived relatively near this area for a few years now, I was really surprised when I found out the city was opening a park.  I thought it would be a complete waste of space.  Aside from the trailer park next door, there are a TON of shady characters by the Home Dept and 7-11 right across the street around the clock.  I wouldn't want my kid hanging around here by themselves after sunset.  Why not just open up an IKEA? :P  There's also the whole issue of walking here.  The only crosswalk to use is on Decatur and Tropicana.  Do you really think people living near those small streets between Decatur and Jones are really going to walk all the way down to the corner only to walk all the way up afterwards?  There are enough morons running across the street in the middle of traffic and this park is going to get even more people (kids) doing it.  We decided to take our dogs for a walk here in the late afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised with how nice and big the setup was.  The field down below was gigantic and could hold at least 8 soccer games at the same time.  I did see quite a few people doing laps around the field and would consider going for a run here myself. The dog run was on the other side from where we parked but it was a pleasant walk.  The run itself was set up well and I liked the ample space that was given at the dog entrance area.  I like it better than Desert Breeze.  The kid's play area looked pretty big too.  There was plenty of desert vegetation and all the rock and everything made the park look kind of scenic.  It's not a waste of space and I would bump it up a star if/when the grass is green (it looked like hay).
4	Hunnie Bunnie really likes this park. There's a couple of playgrounds for different age groups to play on and picnic tables with shade. There's also a little water park area but I havent been here while they've ever had it on. HB knows all about it though. They also have some "off road" playig area that leads down to the soccer field amd she loves exploring over there too. There are some cats down there that live there too!
3	i'm all about taking my dog to the dog park so he could socialize with the other dogs. i decided to stop by this park since it's only 2 blocks away from my apartment. i arrived on a sunday at about 3pm and there was only 2 dogs in the there :( i'm assuming it's because the park just opened? but anyways, that was a fail. Despite that, the dog park area was really clean and overall the park was nice. there were 3 separate sections for the dogs. i just hope in a few months more dog owners would come to this park
4	I really like this park mostly because it's close to my work. A year ago it was a barren space filled with trash, old signs and like a boring, empty hilly lot. Now, it's got a ton of playing field, basketball courts, kids playground type jungle gyms, bathrooms, a cool little walk circuit, nice layout, and most importantly-a dog park!Now I don't have a dog, but I love to go to parks and watch other people's dogs having fun. Nothing makes my lunch time go faster than grabbing some to go, and stopping and parking and watching the dogs in the dog park. If there aren't any dogs present, I like to watch people doing sports or what not in the main field areas. The park is still relatively new, and hasn't succumbed to any major graffiti or vandalism, so that's good-hopefully it stays that way. There are a few picnic areas with shade-but I definitely recommend bringing some sunglasses if your going to be here for a while and do the walking trail. Some of the paths don't seem well thought out, and it seems like people cut through some of the areas to get to the bus or other places on the Tropicana side, but I don't use them that much-I just noticed other people doing that. Not sure if there is security, but I probably wouldn't come here after dark just because of the area, but all in all, great job by the city utilizing the space for good instead of building more warehouses or something. Cheers!~MikeB
3	Decided to check this park out one morning instead of just walking the dogs around the same old neighborhood. There is a large parking lot on the south/Tropicana side of the park. A huge grass basin for all sorts of sports. There was rugby and flag football being played there. There is a sidewalk that goes around the grass field. We walked north to the playground area and dog park. I liked that the dog park was divided into weight categories. Don't want a teacup poodle being chased by a German Shepherd or vice versa. Give the dog park a few more years and the trees planted there will provide great shade. There are public bathrooms near the children play area with a splashing area and jungle gym. I liked the "trails" around the park with lookouts and benches. There is a feral cat population living in the rocks/caverns that is cared for by volunteers who feed and sterilize the cats... (I want to do more research on that topic). There are a few BBQ stands around the area with benches which would make for a nice party place. I enjoyed all the flowers, bushes, and trees around the area. I didn't like to see all the trash and cigarette butts left by past visitors especially when there are trashcans all around the park.
4	This park is located on the West side of town which is out of my way. Nevertheless, I make the drive a few times a week or at least on weekends.As many others have noted, this park is HUGE. It has a walking/running track, tennis courts, a basketball court, and a long grass field which can used as a soccer, baseball and a football field.It's nice watching kids play, couples jogging and dog owners walking their dogs. Hearing laughter and playful sounds from people at the park is always welcome.Personally, one of the main reasons I come to this park is the views it offers from the top overlooking the field below. It also gives you a great view of the sunset as the sun settles down behind the mountain.Another reason why I frequent this park, it's because I write songs as a hobby and this setting helps me relax and rest while thinking of lyrics to write.Anyways, there is plenty of parking on the north and south side which both lots can be access through Decatur and Tropicana.It's quite pleasant and shall continue my visits to this scenic place. So for those of you who enjoy going to parks but haven't made it to this one, check it out. Charlie Frias Park might become one of your favorites.
4	A relatively quiet park, at least in the summer at 6 AM, I got the opportunity to finally go for a run with Chad "Sugi" S.  This is Sugi's go to run stop and if it's good enough for him, them why not for me.  Pros:-Sufficient Parking-Located right across the street from one of my gyms.  Good for a pre-gym workout, perfect for a post-gym "after burn".  Yeah...look up the after burn affect.  No joke.-About 5 times and is a 5K.  -QuietCons:-Dog poop in the grass.  Owners don't do a great job cleaning up after fido. -Concrete Sidewalks:  I actually prefer to run/walk, on pavement or trails.  Concrete is not the best for me knees. I got my 30 minute cardio before I hit the weights this morning.  You got to love Las Vegas.  For a place known for casinos, the strip, and great dining, one thing about my city is that there's always a park somewhere nearby for that planned or impromptu workout.
4	Made a point of stopping and taking a look around. This was literally a hole in the ground! Now nice playground, track, ball and soccer field. All thats missing is a pool!
4	Good park for sprints and pullup variations. Also has dog park section, basketball courts, full field for multiple sports and tennis courts so a little for everyone. If your bored theres usually some sort of team sport going on on the big field from rugby, soccer, or even football.
5	On behalf of my dogs this park deserves two paws up! They love walking, hiking and running around the enclosed doggie area:) Lots of families and friendly people. We love this place!
3	Charlie Frias Park is a relatively new urban park that opened in October of 2012. The park stands at the crossroads of Tropicana at Decatur in the shadow of the Orlean's. It is adjacent to a mobile home community and across the highway from a Las Vegas Athletic Club and Starbuck's anchored strip mall. The Edmond Avenue power-lines corridor runs cross the center of the park (perpendicular landmark when travelling on Tropicana).  The focal point of Charlie Frias Park is the natural bluffs and adjacent mini ecosystem. The bluffs are more than eye candy. They are the habitat for feral cats. In Charlie Frias Park cats enjoy the great outdoors where dogs enjoy the enclosed spaces of the dog park. The bluffs also separate the lower and upper park. The majority of the lower park is the open grassy spaces looped by a 2/3 mile walking path. The grass ranges from golf course green to soggy. The grass is ideal for a diverse range of activities including soccer and flying a kite. However a posted sign prohibits golf. From the lower park, there is a neat view blending in the Orleans with the Strip. The main view is the natural bluffs. The park drive parallel to Decatur Boulevard connects the lower and upper park. The upper park features a state-of-the-art playground, dog park, and overlook affording a unique perspective of the bluffs.   Normally when I spend time in a park, I would be walking on sunshine. Not at Charlie Frias Park. A nice way to put it is that an element of individuals in the immediate area were walking on moonshine. This past Saturday when I walked from the Panda Express a block east off Tropicana to the park and later drove in the Home Depot parking lot, I passed far too many shady characters. Inside the park, it was relatively desolate. As far as security, there was zilch. My instincts told me that if I crossed paths with the bad guy that I would be very vulnerable. Normally when I spend time in a park, my mind goes on vacation. Not here. I was very alert.  For the most part, Charlie Frias Park has made the crossroads of Tropicana at Decatur a better place. I give the park a high score on being relatively graffiti free. The one graffiti tag I laid my eyes on was at the overlook bench. Prior to October 2012, when the County developed Charlie Frias Park, graffiti obliberated the bluffs. Today this graffiti is gone. The park also provides open space along Tropicana Avenue separating transient land-uses (hotels and short-stay apartments) from local communities.  I am a park lover. I am glad to have spent time in this relatively new park. However, it is not my favorite and I don't plan on going out of my way to return here in the near future.
3	A nice park but too many homeless, dirtbag weirdos wandering in and out of it. We also saw some vagrant sleeping on one of the slides, no bueno.
4	Nice park located near my work. I've been spending most of my lunch time here getting in some mid day exercise. It's a nice place to walk your dog as well.
2	We brought our puppies to the dog park here.  Needless to say, it lasted about 3 minutes.  The dog park area had dog feces everywhere.  This is not a dog park we will be going to again.
4	This is a nice park close to where I live and work they have a track where you can run on or do laps they also have a dog area where you can walk your dog and a nice basketball court which is the main reason I come here most of the time overall this is one of the few good parks out here in vegas.
4	This park is pretty huge in my opinion. It's great for taking walks with your dog or even going out to jog. I come here almost every Sunday with our lion dance group to practice and hang out. This park also has a nice playground with a big dome that kids can climb on.
2	It's seriously just a grass field. Surrounded by homeless people. Not a fan at all. Plus in the summer there is zero shade anywhere. Not on the field or parking.
5	Awesome place.  Small dog area and big dog area to start.... Awesome. Also a basketball court, soccer fields, playgrounds and people are nice that visit too.
5	Never thought I'd be writing a review of a park. But this place has a special place in my heart. An oasis of green in the middle of the Las Vegas valley! Great track around the grassy oval allows for jogging and bike riding. The west end is a cool stepped concrete amphitheater-like area (officially a drainage channel holding basin) while the east end has numerous b ball courts, a soccer-esqe area and also a kids playground with water feature (mini fountains that you can run/stand in) perfect for hot vegas days! Evenings at the park you can find joggers, teams and even groups of dogs being trained a la Caesar Milan. All very entertaining. It's the perfect spot to lie placid on the grass while counting the developing stars up in the vegas sky. More cities should have places like this. Oh did I mention the whole park is hollowed out of rock so you get a Martian-style cliffs all around it! Stop losing, start winning, check out this park. You re welcome!
4	Located closest to the strip, this is the park for us to walk the dog.The main part of Charlie Frias Park is a monolithic land of turf and we love it.Our dog has become completely blind this year, and wanted to find a park with a large, unobstructed and seamless turf. She is scared of bumping into walls or stumbling over a dip, but she can run around in this park without fear, as if she can see things!This park gets busy after-hours but usually has enough space to let our dog walk around.
4	This dog park is pretty cool. Since I live near here I bring Kaipo to play with other dogs. I like that there's 2 separate areas for the different dog sizes.During the summer, there isn't much shade for people & dogs and it gets pretty hot. During the winter sometimes the water fountains don't work.
3	I love this park. If you enter on Trop, you can walk down a flight of stairs to this huge grassy field with a 2/3 mile concrete walking trail surrounding it. I come here on my lunch sometimes to get in some exercise. The trail is never crowded and it's so big that you don't really run into anyone else. If you enter from the Decatur side there is a playground, tennis courts and a dog park. There were lots of benches around the park, but I didn't see any tables where I could sit outside and eat my lunch. I am sure they are there somewhere so I'll have to go back and look for them. The park looked clean and well maintained. Also the bathrooms were clean and had actual toilet paper! This is surprising for a park in Vegas, but it may be because this park is newer. I did see a few homeless sleeping on benches, but that doesn't bother me. I probably wouldn't come here alone at night though because the area is pretty sketchy.
