5	I love Nagasaki Grill Toh Zan!  The owners are very friendly and almost always available.  The food is delicious and always fresh.  It's a short drive from Fiesta Mall on Southern, and it's definitely better than the McDonald's eyesore next to it.  I recommend the sushi, and my boyfriend loves the chicken katsu.  I like the big windows and friendly vibe.
5	Absolutely the most authentic, delicious Japanese food in the valley. Having lived in Japan and grown to love their cuisine, this is the only restaurant I have tried in the valley to duplicate the flavors and presentation I experienced while over there. The place itself isn't much to look at, as it used to be a Dunkin Donuts back in the day, but don't let that turn you off as you would be missing out. Unlike many "Japanese" food establishments it is actually owned and operated by a Japanese couple who make and prepare all of the food themselves right when you order it. From the mouthwatering Sukiyaki and Tanin, to my girl's favorite, the Oyako Domburi, you can't go wrong with Nagasaki Grill. I can't recommend this place enough.If you want the real thing, there is no other place even close.
5	The BEST Japanese food in Arizona... I've been coming here when it was Happy Bowl Samurai back in the 80's! These guys have been around for over 20 years...Same owners, Yoshi and Yuko... plus, they do catering for the Japanese baseball teams that come each year for sping training!!! and it's hard to find authentic, Kyushu-style food out here! My favorite is the Nagasaki chanpon and fuotmaki the owner's wife makes on the weekends! Plus, they make awesome donburi dishes that cannot be beat out here.I was born in Japan and know quality Japanese food and this place is it!
5	It's a no nonsense ma & pa kind of place with good food.First things first: If you're perception of Japanese Cuisine is "Sushi and Hibachi" then this is probably NOT the place for you. The sushi selection is not extensive, they're more focused on Traditional Japanese Cusine.The restaurant is not asthetically pleasing, it has a 1980's feel to it, but the food is everything you're looking for and more! It's totally worth stopping by if you're homesick for japanese food.
1	I used to go here often when I went to MCC.  I admit that the food was pretty good, but the owner ruined the entire experience for me.  At the time, I was learning Japanese and wanted to try it out in an actual setting.  He yelled at me the first time I tried and told me to speak English.Another instance, and the real reason I don't go back there, is when a friend of mine went to eat there.  After he finished, he said "Gochisousamadeshita" (a polite saying thanking the preparer of the food for the meal) and the owner muttered under his breath "Henna Gaijin" (strange foreigner).I can understand not having the patience to speak Japanese with me, but really.....insulting someone who just thanked you for the food?  That's enough for me to never return.
5	I found out about this place by accident through this site and noticed many reviews saying how great this place is. I went there on a whim with my wife and we were the only ones there at the time. She had the Katsu Don while I had the Katsu plate. It was incredible to say the least. We were thinking we'd get our food with a bit of rice, but we were amazed to get some nice sides like miso soup and a very crisp salad which was quite fresh. Her Katsu Don was wonderful and excellently seasoned. It  was that perfect sweet and soy taste with the egg keeping it all together over the rice. I took the safer route with the Katsu and was happily surprised by how moist the pork was and how crunchy the outside became. Best part, it wasn't oily. Even the rice was wonderful in my opinion. I could have eaten that with some katsu sauce and been happy for the night.I can see how some would think the owner could be perceived as rude because he doesn't wait on you hand and foot, but I found him to be incredibly polite if not a bit quiet. If you need a refill on a drink, just ask him and he'll happily do it.I'm depressed that only one other couple came in while we ate and they ordered to go, on a Saturday no less! I will be back there again sometime trying to bring more friends in to check the place out. You'll get your money's worth and if I weren't already stuffed, i'd order something else to try right now.
5	most authentic japanese i've had made by real japanese people.  (if u don't know, most sushi restaurants and japanese restaurants are actually owned by koreans lols).  the guy is an old-skool asian guy, not grumpy, but not nice.  he does what he does.  atmosphere needs some music, but food makes up 4 it.  if u order a dinner, u get a yakitori skewer and OMFG it makes the meal.  lightly crunchy outside, juicy flavorful chicken on the inside.... srsly.the only thing i don't like is how sweet some of the japanese sauces are.... but that's my own personal preference.
5	First off, they make good sushi, but this is Japanese, not sushi.  It is VERY traditional and VERY good.  A tiny bit pricey, but not unreasonable.I find the service good.  The owner is quiet, but not unfriendly so anyone who says he is is itching for a fight!  He always remembers me and is always pleasant.  I go for lunch here ALL the time.  I like the maguro don or nagaochi (spelling probably) don.  Both are bowls of tuna rice w/ a small amount of sweet sauce on the side.  Like salty teriyaki or sweet soy.  Anyway, the maguro don has sliced raw tuna over the rice w/ nori and the nagaochi has diced raw tuna with green onion and nori over the rice.  Both come with miso and both rock.  Everyone has to try this dish at least once in their life.  It is very easy to eat, even if you are usually afraid of raw fish.The katsu is also good and so is the udon.  Honestly, it's all good.  Try the combo, the yakitori is amazing.  To the guy who said shame on the couple for getting take out- that was probably me!  I get take out there all the time, because I eat there at least once a week, it's my McDonald's!  I even get take out for lunch and eat it at work, it's my favorite "fast" food.  He usually makes my lunches and dinners in about 5 minutes. It's always him and his wife.  I hear the signed walls are from Japanese ball players, but have not verified with the owner.  I honestly have never tried the sushi, I am sure it is good.  I would say go to a sushi bar for sushi, go here for good noodles and hot dishes, plus amazing rice bowls.
5	Agree with everybody who gave 5 stars: "The BEST Japanese food in Arizona." "It's a no nonsense ma & pa kind of place with good food." They provide good size portions and are inexpensive.  I like the katsudon.
5	When we were on vacation, my friends and I came upon this place by chance. It's a no-nonsense place but with authentic Japanese food. And it was GOOD. REAL GOOD. We were the only customers in there because they were about to close. But they took our orders and never rushed us. The owners and their daughter were extremely polite. Definitely a place I'd go back to when I'm around AZ again.
5	This is the best and most authentic Japanese food in AZ.  Toh Zan serves up the tastiest original Japanese food that I've ever tasted, even in comparison to LA's Japantown.  The restaurant is a bit small and the owner might seems standoff-ish but they are polite and nice people.I don't like to be waited on hands on foot so this actually fits my lifestyle.In the summer months, you should try their cold noodle, especially Ten Zaru (cold noodle with shrimp & veggies tempura).  My wife really like their Chicken Katsudon.  The meals generally comes with some sides (salad, miso soup, etc) and in generous portion.  The food is never oily and taste fresh.  Give this place a try and you will not be dissapointed.
4	For what the valley has to offer and for the little community the Japanese has this is by far a hidden gem. The cravings for Japanese comfort food is often hard to satisfy here in the desert. Often trips to LA will have to be the one to kill such cravings. This place is mom and pop and very comforting to me. Many with closed minds will not give this place a shot after walking in but with one taste of the food they will know that the appearances of the surroundings is nothing compared to the food they serve. For what you pay the portions are generous and the dinner is very complete with the miso soup, salad, yakitori skewer and gyoza that you also get. I love to support the local businesses and especially family run establishments where the owner is the one you talk to.
5	It is so nice to go to a Japanese resteraunt and find something other than Sushi on the menu! Their Kitsune Udon is amazing, it makes me want to melt!The prices are a dollar or so more than I was expecting to pay but due to the fact that the only people who work there (that I have seen) are the owners, and the fact that it is one of the only place I have found with non rolled Japanese cuisine (not to mention a humber of Vegetarian friendly meals) I am willing to pay whatever they want of me.The owners are really nice and friendly, and give good service.  The only downside I have encountered is they have sub-par air conditioning which is harsh in AZ, it is also very small so you really can't bring a big group but please don't let these stop you from trying it out!
5	Best Japanese food in Arizona.  Look forward to tasting delicious flavors like your Japanese grandma would have made for you.Traditional dishes presented beautifully in an assortment of Japanese trays and dishes.  Everything from the entrees to the side dishes are prepared with careful attention, Yoshi and his wife truly present their food to you as a labor of love.  (although if you ask Yoshi what his favorites are he'll deadpan "I don't know, i don't like japanese food" and then pause to see if you caught his joke.  You'll see many things on this menu that are not on the typical Japanese menus around town.  All are worth trying and you'll very possibly have some nice leftovers to take home.  Sashimi tuna lovers will find some new dishes to enjoy.  Yes it is worth the trek to Mesa to give this a try (located right off of Southern and Dobson).  Yes the outside of the restaurant looks like it used to be a Dunkin donuts shop but don't let that put you off of the five star Japanese food you'll find inside.  Another of my favorite places to gather with friends, most of those i have taken there have in turn taken their friends, they enjoyed it so much.
5	Grilled Mackerel.  That is reason enough for me to come here.  Oh wait, your grilled mackerel entree comes with salad, yakitori, gyoza, and edame (the menu said udon, but I wasn't complaining)?  Holy crap I would drive across Phoenix for this place, easily.The deep fried yakitori is really something.  Is that tofu in the batter? The air in the place is pretty greasy, but I'm willing to overlook such things when the food is that good.  The Lady had the sukiyaki, which was ok, but very comforting.  Either way, she thoroughly enjoyed it.Ok back to that mackerel.  I've typically approached it with reservation at most places, but considering that this place didn't seem like your typical Japanese place, I decided to order it.  After a small bite, I just pciked the whole thing up with my chopsticks and gnawed away.  Damn it was good... moist... nicely cured... and charred.  Beware, however, that there will be bones in the thing.  When I mentioned to the owner how hard it was to find such good mackerel, he replied, "Thank you.... only Asian people eat that sort of thing."  I BAH!  Plenty of non-Asian people eat fish where the bones may still be in it!  Cure him of this misconception!So yeah it's really hard to come across a place like this, let alone a place with really good mackerel.  For those who live in cities where the vast majority of Japanese places concentrate on sushi (like I do), definitely hit this place up if you find yourself in the area.  For all you people in the Phoenix area, definitely visit this place to see what you guys have over the vast majority of other cities in the US.
5	If you want to eat Japanese comfort food in a casual setting and not spend too much, go to Nagasaki Grill now. Along with Hana in Phoenix (for sushi), this is my favorite place to go for Japanese food in the Valley.Please go here for legit, down to earth Japanese food! It doesn't look like much from the outside, and the interior looks 20 years old, but the food more than makes up for it. It's a mom + pop place run like a diner. From the outside it looks like it might be out of business, but it's not. The food is authentic (except the portions are American sized) and it is very affordable--particularly at lunch. You can eat a multi-course lunch for 5-6 bucks and leave full. Some of the dishes are not as good as others, but when you consider the price and amount of food, its not that big of a deal. The portions can be kind of ridiculous for Japanese food. The pricier dinner entrees are in the 10-15 dollar range and include all the extras mentioned by others (salad, miso soup, yakitori skewer, fried gyoza etc). You may be the only ones eating there... at most there will be one other party there, which can be a bit awkward. So tell all your friends about it and lets keep Nagasaki Grill open!
4	I was looking for udon, so I consulted Yelp, and Yelp pointed me to the Nagasaki Grill. I was a little dubious going in - the place looked closed, or empty.The place looks a little grungy, and might benefit from a remodel - and when the food was served, I ceased to care. If you want a pretty atmosphere, or a Dining Experience, go elsewhere, but if you want Good Food, you have found the right place.The sashimi was good, the udon was very good, the chilled noodles were good. I haven't tried all of the menu, but if what I did have was representative, their food is excellent.
5	Let me tell ya...I have been going to this area of the valley over the past 5 years hundreds of times, and everytime I do, for some reason I don't have the time to stop in...or when I do, it looks like they are closed.  But I finally made it in this past week and boy am I glad I did!!!I am really picky when it comes to asian food, some might even call me a food snob:)  I have tried so many different kinds and different restaurants that there is a lot  to compare to.This Japanese restaurant is by far one of my very favorites...Just looking at the little stand alone building this restaurant sits in reminds you of little tokyo in downtown LA.  Walking in you realize IT IS very authentic.  Its owned by a older japanese couple that do all the cooking and servicing themselves!  Its soooo cute!!Looking at the menu, its no none sense.  It is simple and to the point.  There are some items that are catered to the american crowd but the execution on the dishes I ordered is strictly Japanese.Miso Soup was piping hot- love it!The Japanese curry with chicken katsu was probably the best I have tasted here in AZ.I also had the Cold Somen noodles and perfection it was.  The  tsuyu, dipping sauce was flavorful..umami style!This is homestyle japanse cooking at its best!  I will make time for this place everytime I am in the area from now on....I can not believe I almost missed out on this place:)
4	Tired of your typical sushi joints? Want some authentic Japanese home cooking. This place is it! I always wondered what this place is. Figured it's another one of those rice bowl fast food joints from outside appears. We always joked around that it's a yakusa front since the lot is mostly always empty. After reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I definitely think I will go back and try more stuff.The inside is simple, and clean. Was greeted by the owner. This is a husband/wife joint owned by this old couple. As soon as I saw ramen I had to try it. It's almost impossible to find a ramen place in Phoenix every since the awesome ramen shop owned by this pair of Japanese brothers in Chandler (or was that Tempe) closed down ten years ago. I ordered the tonkatsu based ramen. The soup was yummy and flavorful. Very umami. So good! The only thing I'd like is a bit more meat. What can you say, I'm a carnivore. All in all very good. There is a wide selection of udon and various other items. I'm looking forward to go back and trying other things. And as for the viewers that dissed on the old man. He was not as awful as the reviewer described. Maybe I was anticipating some grumpy old man. But he was rather pleasant. And his wife was like the nicest person ever! They both came out and greeted us when food was served.I'm not ready yet to present the 5 stars until I try more items. :)
5	We traveled to Phoenix from Albuquerque looking for something different than your ordinary Japanese restaurant. This little gem exceeded our expectations! The low key, casual post-donut shop vibe was just what we wanted for our Monday lunch. Yes, a Japanese restaurant open on a Monday at lunch!! The owners were really cute and nice and the chef (wife) peeked her head out of the kitchen and asked how our meal was. My mom and I had the minced tuna with green onion donburis which came with soup, salad, a skewer of chicken, and gyoza. This was a BIG meal and very authentic all for about $12. My sister had the salmon and ikura donburi which was also excellent as well and ikura donburis are hard to find nowadays...My dad had their special ramen bowl, whose name escapes me and was very tasty.Overall, I am a huge fan of this place and was surprised at the authenticity and home style cooking. Don't expect anything fancy, just good honest home style Japanese food with no frills. This is definitely a local's joint and a great value.
2	I had a craving for some Sushi and Miso Soup but when I called my usual, Ichi Ban, they said they didn't have Miso to go?  So I checked Yelp and picked  Nagasaki Grill Toh Zan.  When I called to order the guy on the the phone was a little curt with me but my wife said to chalk that up to the fact that they might be busy.  I asked for a Philly Roll and was told that they don't make those (I know, a Philly is not real sushi.  but I like it just the same) so I settled for a Salmon Roll.   I sent the other half to pick up the food and bring it home.  I have to say that it was just average and the rolls were kind of small.  We spent about $20 for 3 small rolls (6 pieces each), 2 cups of miso, and some edamame.  All in all it was OK but in the future I'll go for good Sushi rather than OK.
5	I've been craving a good bowl of ramen ever since I moved here from L.A./S.D. So obviously I resort to Yelp for all my answers in food goodness. I tried the miso ramen, sashimi, and vegi tempura. It was a pretty damn good bowl of ramen. It was a little expensive, but when I saw the HUGE bowl, I understood. Sashimi was well cut and fresh. Overall, this place is good, but expensive...which makes sense considering there aren't that many authentic japanese ramen places around. It helps to have a place around when the craving strikes!
4	This is not a sushi joint so don't go expecting sushi though they do serve some.  Nagasaki Grill is about as close to a Japanese Ramen/Udon/Soba shop as you'll find in Arizona.  The owners are friendly and they even have the summer seasonal cold Saimin noodle dishes I like.  My favorite dish is the Champon, it's a huge bowl of rich broth w/ ramen like noodles, napa cabage, and pork belly slices. It reminds me of my dads cooking.
5	When I arrived last night, I thought they were closed. There was only one car in the parking lot, and I assumed it was the owner's.Once inside, I found it was worth the drive. I had the miso ramen with chicken, and I loved it. It was a gigantic bowl of flavorful broth, tender noodles, cabbage and chicken. It also came with two pieces of inari sushi. It was my first time having inari, and I liked it.An awesome, incredibly filling dinner for about 9 dollars. I may go back tonight.
5	This place is very small but it's so similar to what you might see in Japan. The food is very tasty and very inexpensive. I had the kitsune udon, which I haven't been able to find in any Japanese restaurant for a while in Arizona. My husband had the chicken curry which he said was awesome.  This may be my new favorite place.
4	Coming from the Bay Area up in California, I'm spoiled when it comes to Japanese noodle houses. I'm also spoiled when it comes to Japanese comfort food.This, my dear...is freaking fabulous. It's not ridiculously expensive and it made my very fussy hubby fabulously happy.I ordered the chicken katsu don while he got a bowl of veggie noodle curry. Mmm...we also ordered california rolls. While it had krab in it, the rest of the ingredients were so wonderfully fresh I forgave the krab.Good Japanese noodle houses are hard to come by, but this is definitely a great place...and only around the corner from our house! Yay. :)
5	Are you serious?I felt like my mother in law was cooking in the kitchen.  We came here late at night and I brought the whole clan.  We pretty much ordered everything.  One got the ramen, one got the tempura udon, one got the katsu-curry, one got the chicken teriyaki, and one got the katsu-don.  The sets were about $10.  Each dish was cooked to order.  They came out one at a time.  However, everything came out piping hot and delicious.  Considering there were like five different dishes, getting them out to us in 20 minutes is an incredible feat of execution.  As other reviews have stated, the portions are definitely enormous for Japanese dishes.  It is a mom-and pop shop; owned and operated since 1983.  They are getting up there in their respective ages; and to be honest, I am not sure how much longer these guys can continue to work.  Give this place a shot.  You will not be disappointed.
4	As already mentioned by other yelpers:The best miso ramen in Phx.Very tasty soba noodles.Katsu chicken entree is also very good.Not pricey at all for what you get, which is a significant amount of very tasty food.   Decor: Booth seats.  Kind of out of date.  Just like any other mom and pop restaurant that has been open since the 80s.  Picture of a Japanese Kimono on the wall.  Not "cool" in a "I wear D&G sun glasses and think RA has amazing sushi" kind of way, but cool in a "this place has great food, who the hell cares what it looks like" kind of way.Service: Don't expect to be seated at a table and your drink order taken by a waiter.  We were handed two menus when we walked into the restaurant.  We took the menus and made our own way to a table to figure out what we wanted.  Once we had our mind set on what we wanted, I walked over to the cashier counter and placed our order with the owner.  Only time we interacted with the owner again was when our food and drinks were brought to our table, and when we got up and payed at the cashier counter.  So, yeah, you will not be waited on hand and foot.  But I think that aspect of the owner's personality somehow adds to the Toh Zan experience.  It's like, "You want what? To be served? LOL. First time?"
5	So good! I went in here expeting a little dive with delicious food. I was right! The place was pretty empty and from the outside, it does look like they are closed. The owner was very friendly and helped me pick some things out. The ramen was delicious and filling. I'll definitely be back. I didn't get to try the lunch menu, but it looked like a great deal. I'll probably try it out next time I go back. (The noodles in the ramen are thick, soft, and incredible.)
3	I have been twice now.  The first time was a Wednesday night with a friend of mine.  We met at 6pm and stayed for over 2 hours.  In that time I only saw 2 people come in to get take out.  The second time was Monday (a holiday) at 4:30pm.  I saw one person come in for dinner.  I don't know how they stay open!That said they have been in business since 1983!!  That is amazing to me.  I have lived here for 12 years and never even noticed or heard of the restaurant on Southern, near Dobson Rd.I find the prices to be a great deal.  The kids meal is $4.50 and comes on a cute brightly colored fish plate.  It contained teriyaki chicken with rice, a chicken skewer, a gyoza (pot sticker), fresh grapes and edamame.  A drink was also included in the price.  The first drink he brought out for my three kids was a bottle of sunny delight.  The kids were thrilled but opened it and it tasted funny.  I checked the date and it was expired.  The owner was apologetic and brought out peach and pineapple drinks in a can.  The kids were happy with that as well.  They all ate amazingly well... very happy with the kids meal.I got the tofu teriyaki the first time and the tofu sukiyaki the second time.  Both were good.  Served on a tray with rice, miso soup, edamame and a salad with ginger dressing and 2 pieces of agadashi tofu.  The price is $9.  I am a fan of the iced green tea.
5	It isn't very common to find a Japanese restaurant that is actually Japanese owned and doesn't have a sushi menu.  The location for this little shack is terrible, but it truly is a diamond in the rough when it comes to Japanese comfort food. I almost thought that it was closed when I first pulled up and walked in.  But the owner came out, greeted me, and had me pick a seat.  The decor was lack luster and very typical of older Asians.  Ahh, you non-Asians will just never understand.  When I looked at the menu, I was overwhelmed by the yakisoba, udon, ramen, and sukiyaki dishes I could choose from.  I was like a kid in the the candy store.  I ordered the beef sukiyaki and when it arrived, I couldn't have been happier.  The vegetables were fresh tasting and cooked to perfection.  Every other restaurant I've been to undercooks or overcooks something. The broth wasn't too salty, and the beef didn't taste cheap.  I know that's a weird way to describe it, but it wasn't Chinese restaurant beef.  I also loved that you got miso soup and a salad with the entree. The price was reasonable and the portions were massive.   I left completely satisifed and impregnated with a lovely Japanese food baby.  I haven't had a chance to go back, but I definitely will.
3	We made the trek down from northern phoenix to get some authentic ramen.  I wanted to love this place and I wanted it to be worth the trip, but it just wasn't.  The decor is as previously described - you sort of time warp back to the 80's but it is clean and well loved by its owner.  They do have a lot of authentic menu items and a great kids meal, but the ramen was just not that good.  Its downfall was the broth.  Hubby got the salmon chirashi which was also not that fresh.  If I'm in the area, I may give it another try for the don-buris.
2	After checking out the reviews on Yelp, my hubby and I were really excited to try this place! The first time we went there it was just undergoing some renovations, so we went again just yesterday afternoon (around 1 - 2 pm), with high expectations.Our first impression when entering the restaurant was: have it really renovated?! It looked old and...not renovated! But we understand that it's just a pop and mom restaurant from other reviewers so we kind of accepted it. I ordered maguro don and my hubby ordered beef curry, with a barley tea and a soft drink. When our drinks arrived, there were bits of mysterious black stuff on his ice and my barley tea seemed to have some weird taste. Regardless, we were still happily expecting our lunch combos and patiently waited...not long afterwards our lunch came and our meals looked nice. I couldn't wait to try the maguro on my rice but...nothing special? The maguro was cut in pieces of various lengths and shapes and they're salty without the soy sauce. I understand that Japanese chefs would add wasabi and soy sauce in the fish first so that you don't normally need to add soy sauce yourself but I think they added too much or marinated for too long. It's a big no-no to treat fish in my opinion, because you won't be able to taste the real taste or covered the freshness of the fish (and I think the fish was not fresh).I tried the miso soup and it was really salty too (I couldn't sense the taste of miso). "It couldn't be!" I thought, after seeing all the raves on Yelp, so I tried my hubby's beef curry and...still no surprise. It's quite tasteless even to my standard and I actually enjoy light flavored meals most of the time. The fried chicken on the side was unexpectedly the only thing I found OK. Well we thought we should never have such high expectations for a family restaurant but we were really extremely disappointed and regretted about our visit, and we both thought our lunch was over-priced (ended up paying almost $30 including tax and tips) for such standard of food. We thought perhaps we should give Toh Zan one more chance to see if their other foods are great, but hesitated and concluded that we probably won't want to try again. :(
5	My man says service is not perfect,but I think its just fine, all is forgiven bc of the wonderful food.I really like the tempura zyaru soba.I don't think I had up to standard zyaru soba in AZ before till I found this place.The chicken skewers are really good here too.The tempura is really fresh (Fried prawn and veggies), Curry Udon was so and so but I have been spoiled by my own recipies.Gotta warn you that this place alwasy looks closed, so don't get fooled by the appearance. Always tug on the door before you head back to another eatery : ).
3	Arrived at Nagasaki 45 minutes before they closed. Thank you yelp monocle for help finding the place, with an angry stomach growling for food. I was with my GF and we walked in the converted fast food building. There really wasn't any service provided other than the owner leaning over and handing us two menus and a grunt for us to sit where we like. The bathroom resembled a south Phoenix shell station but we kept our wits and decided to judge the place on the food. A.G. ordered a tempura roll and three pieces of maguro tuna. I ordered the Katsu-don and water. If you are looking to fill your belly on sushi this is not the place to go. The menu is sushi lite with only a few standard rolls and a few types of sashimi and nigiri. The sushi that is provided is fresh but the rice falls apart and seems to be the wrong type for rolls and nigiri. The Katsu-don came with miso, salad, chicken skewer and a couple pot stickers. The Katsu-don was served in a ceramic bowl and was cooked well. For the price the meal was a great size and was flavored well. I wouldn't take a first date to Nagasaki or a second or third for that matter. However as a lunch break or quick dinner Nagasaki is a good stop after watching my GF shop for clothes at the fiesta mall for two hours..
5	One of my favorite lunch spots.  As has been pointed out, the decor doesn't win any points, but that's completely irrelevant when the food is this good.  I try and make a point of regularly trying different things on the menu and so far haven't found anything I didn't enjoy.  The lunch specials add miso soup, salad, gyoza, and a chicken skewer.  Despite sampling much of the menu, the chicken udon and maguro-don continue to be my definite favorites overall.
2	I went back 2 months ago and was not happy. The ramen was so bland and the cost did not help me keep the food down :(
4	Don't come here for the ambiance....come here for the food!  We eat lunch here every month or so and always leave satisfied.  The place doesn't look like much and you won't be amazed by the service but the selections are good and the prices are very reasonable.
5	I have to believe that this is what it would be like at a neighborhood spot in any Japan city. They have a great looking menu and the food is awesome. Try any combo meal on the menu and you'll love it.
1	i saw 4 1/2 stars on this restaurant  so instead of going to my neighbor hood sushi restaurant  with yaki soba on my mind i decided to try this place i showed up at 1130 a m  i was the only person there, when i walked in the owner handed me a menu i went to a table and had a seat i went over the menu 3 or 4 times he sorta asked me if i was ready to order from behind the front desk i guess he did not wat to walk to my table to take my order  i asked him if he had yaki soba  he said no and left it at that so i ordered the lunch special w/chicken katsu the piece of chicken was maybe 3 oz piece 5/6 tempura battered vege a shrimp and a pot sticker and a small salad  6.50  he brought it to my table and left and returned to the back of the restaurant when i finished i went to the front desk he seamed ancious to cash me out but i ordered a side of pot stickers he brought those out and set them on the table ,as my glass of water was empty he never offered to re fill it  it is now noon and the place is still empty NOT A SOUL hmmmm I finished the pot stickers which were weak at best went and paid a rediculous 12.00$ oh all right 11 and change  never the less i left no tip.....you think  boy is this person really in the restaurant business?????????????????????
4	I really enjoyed this place.  Definitely a mom-and-pop operation.  Don't go expecting a slick chain-restaurant experience.  Instead, expect good, freshly-prepared Japanese food.  I will go back soon.
3	Alex A. and I came here after reading such rave reviews about it on Yelp. I must say I was a little disappointed. The restaurant is respectable, but not very large or very nice. It's been open since the '80s, and I feel like it's sort of stayed the same since then. But it is clean and owners are very friendly and proud of their establishment.The food was pretty good. I got the chicken katsu curry, and Alex got the house special. First thing that struck me was how pricey it was. I'm guessing that it's because they don't have a lot of competition. And I have unrealistic standards because in LA there are so many Japanese restaurants that you can get a giant bowl of ramen for $6. The chicken katsu was very well made - reminded me of the home-cooked curry my roommate used to make in college. The sides were amazing as well. I really liked the cabbage salad. And the gyoza were fried perfectly. Alex's house special came with such a huge variety of food. There was sashimi, teriyaki beef, edamame, and a big pile of tempura. The sashimi and edamame didn't seem super fresh, but they were still good. The tempura, especially, was good. They had tempura asparagus, which I had never had before.I don't think I'd be coming back, though. The food was okay, but the prices were a little high for what it was.
3	Pretty good  Japanese food. One of the few real Japanese restaurants in the area. Can't believe they've been here since 1983, but You can kinda feel the history when you enter. You may feel hesitant to go in at first, (since no other customer is there... ) but don't let that hold you back. Try it and you'll like it. I wish I could give out 3 and a half. will definitely come back.
3	Kind of expensive for the quality of food you get here.  The oyako don I ordered came in a very elegant Japanese-style presentation, but when I tasted it, the sauce was very sweet which distracted from the other flavors from the ingredients.  The soda was a bit flat, and it was a bit eerie eating here as the only patrons at 7:00 PM on a Friday night.
5	Amazing! A home of genuine Japanese cuisine! The meals are generous, food is amazing! Everything was delicious! My date was thoroughly impressed and she is not big on Asian.  Between the two of us we had udon (rich and flavorful), miso soup (large pieces of tofu), chicken teriyaki on brown rice (couldn't even tell it was brown rice), tempura (AMAZING), gyoza, and sesame salad. Very pleased, will definitely be going back to try the rest of the menu!!
5	We decided to try this spot out yesterday. It was very quiet, just one other customer, and very nice. I had the chicken udon and an order of gyoza; my husband had one of the curries. I really enjoyed the food, and I even managed to eat most of my food with the chopsticks!
3	We stopped in here the other day based on the Yelp reviews. We arrived to discover they were closed between lunch and dinner, but the owner saw us and opened up the shop. Score one star.This review is based on my food only. I had chicken katsu, and thought it was decent though a little pricey. That said, it did come with some cool side dishes, so I felt in the end it was a good value. My wife and stepson like their food quite a bit, so you might have a much better experience. It is an old business and looks it, but I don't judge on that. I only mention it for those of you who require a nice ambiance. Service started grumpily, but got better and better. Others have said that the owner appears a little stand-offish, but is really a swell guy. I'd say that is accurate. It was hot inside, but again, we were there during their off time. I think they had the AC off until we arrived. It was uncomfortable enough that I just wanted to finish and get out and into my car's air conditioning, so I i will need to visit again during their regular hours. Next time I will try another dish also and report back. This is the sort of business I definitely want to support, so I hope to add a star or two next time around. But for now, I can only give three stars.
4	The Nagasaki Grill itself is wonderful! This is probably some of the most authentic Japanese food you could ever hope to eat. The owners are very sweet and friendly. It should be noted that the restaurant is located in a rather dicey part of Mesa. There was a crackhead  wandering aimlessly around the parking lot while we ate our dinner. My friend and I found it to be slightly off putting and amusing, kind of like the most bizarre dinner and a show we've ever experienced. The owners apologized, which was a nice gesture, but the situation was clearly beyond their control. Nagasaki restaurant is sandwiched in between a McDonald's and a smoke shop. Try to consider the passing addicts to be part of  the restaurant's the eclectic ambience. Also, for those of you that appreciate retro-kitsch, this place looks like a portal to 1983. I found it to be charming. Try the sashimi dinner special, for $18 you'll get a gorgeous spread that's enough for two people, we also ordered chicken udon and it was absolutely delicious. This place is legit!
1	We were on our way to China Magic Noodle and drove by this place so we decided to check it out.  Big mistake.Not sure what restaurant the other Yelpers ate in but it sounds like a different place.Our experience: bad neighborhood, creepy clientele, unfriendly owner, AC that was either malfunctioning or turned off, absolutely no atmosphere of any kind and really, really sub-par food.  We had a bowl of curry ramen that the owner couldn't even bother to mix the curry into.  No meat or vegetables at all.  Just ramen and a lump of curry paste.  And then a curry katsu don that was quite possibly the worst I've ever hadThere was no greeting, no smile and no attempt to communicate. My wife's awful ramen came out a good 5 minutes before my katsu.  When my food finally did come out, the owner simply dumped the tray on the table (they don't bother taking it off the cafeteria tray), spilling miso soup all over my napkin.  No "Sorry" or offer to replace the napkin (no napkins on the table despite the fast food type setting).Just really surly, unfriendly service. (Perhaps he'd have a better attitude if he turned the air on - it was 108 when we were there.) One of the other customers asked for wasabi and the owner said - I'm not kidding - "It's not free you know!" Really just a very sad attempt at food that isn't really that complicated in the first place and the owner's extremely bad attitude made the whole experience kind of insulting.  The owner appears openly contemptuous of both the food and the customers and who needs that?  Even it if were good, which it emphatically was not.I'd rather eat anything than this crap.  There are a half-dozen other restaurants within a mile of here that are terrific.  Avoid this place.
5	"I have not found a more authentic Japanese food than this"I can't wait to go back  Wow. Nagasaki grill, has been serving in Mesa since the early 80's, what a staple for restaurants.  I've eaten a catered bento box and had to try after driving by I had to turn around.  What else can this restaurant do better. check out the photos of the dishes I added my Tempura Udon.  I love the  great classic Japanese dishes and the presentation was unbeatable. As for the atmosphere, the other reviews paint a picture, not renovated, but for some of us we don't look for a snazzy decor, the food is simply right on.  I consider this place a true family restaurant.  its located right across from the Hospital near Mesa community college on southern.  Well I don't  have personal suggestions but I would like to state, that this place has so much potential to be recognized. the food passion and quality is there. It makes me wonder why Tokyo bowl has long lines and I've never see one here.  Give it a try and yelp, this place needs the big yelp love, I just ate more Nagasaki Grill, at a JACL, (Japanese American Citizen League) event.  Best Bento in the Valley. Five stars, most authentic Japanese Restaurant in town.  Sincerely,Kevin
5	Great for a quiet lunch
3	Tried this place out for lunch on a recommendation.  My yobo and I ordered the house special "Chan pan"  and my daughter had the kids meal.  The kids meal was pretty good it came with a capri sun and chicken/rice teriyaki sauce,  edamame oranges and a yakatori.   Our noodle soup came out piping hot and there was enough pork and cabbage.  Now the interior is not up to date its  a "mom and pop" interior and no ac was on.  The service was OK.. I thought it was a little pricey.  I would go back to try the other ramen that they had and like other reviews I would try the combo for $2.00 more.
5	We LOVE this place! My husband lived in Japan for two years and he says its as authentic as you can get (in Mesa, AZ, at least). You get SO much food for your money, and the kid's meal is so great. Our 2 yo loved it. The couple who run it are super fast, too. My fav is the katsu, so crispy and good!
5	The most authentic Japanese food in Arizona. My hubby took me here because he would always go here as a teenager and I loved it! Don't miss out on eating here.
5	While driving around the Phoenix area, my group and I got a craving for Japanese. Yelp pointed us in the direction of this restaurant, much to our delight. I could definitely see what people meant about it being hot in summer, as it was a tad warm when we visited in March! (About 80 degrees) The decor is very simple, if a tiny bit dated. It felt like walking into my grandma's house, with its bamboo mat covered walls and rice paper wall furnishings. That's probably the best way to describe the overall experience: homey. The menu was not fancy by any means, but had a large assortment of rice dishes, and one could either order the entree by itself, or, for a few sheckles more, turn it into a combination plate with white rice, miso soup, a salad, a piece of gyoza, and a chicken skewer. They also had noodle dishes (hot and cold, though cold is only served in the summer), and a few, select styles of really simple sushi (not Westernized!) like shrimp tempura and tuna. They do have a note that in the summer months, they do not make sushi for carry out (taking the Arizona heat into consideration) so that it won't spoil.My whole group ordered from the entree+rice menu and all got the combos. We also ordered hot tea (excellent), honey lemonade (refreshing), and a Coke (syrup and carbonated water seemed slightly out of balance). I had unagi-don (eel), my brother ordered katsu-don (chicken fried in egg) and my friend had teriyaki beef. All were cooked well and were tasty. I think the only thing I wasn't crazy about was the salad, which was very vinegary and had onions (blech).The only server there was, I assume, the owner, who other people have mentioned. He was rather quiet, but I just wanted to give him a hug. I wasn't raised on Japanese food, but I definitely wish I had a place like this in Vegas to add to my list of comfort food spots.
4	lol, the stories of the owner cutting off college kids who try to practice their Japanese on him makes me like the guy even more.  The food is pretty good, too.  This place gets HOT in the summertime, I think it is a combination of the big windows on an older building, and AC turned too low.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars because I'm a sucker for mom-and-pop places. An elder Japanese couple runs this restaurant (apparently since 1983!!), with no help. Just the two of them bussing and cooking and taking orders. For all the previous reviews who complain about the lack of fawning service....REALLY? The elder man handles all the tables by himself. The wife stays in the back. This couple works side by side, all day every day. They make straightforward good food. No frills. Don't nitpick--try to do what they do all year round and see where your priorities are. Anyways, on to the food:Gyoza: Very good! Perfectly pan-fried, flavorful, and not too oily.Curry Katsu over Rice: Delicious! I wish they put the pork katsu on top of the curry so that it doesn't lose some of the crisp sitting in the sauce. But it was delicious! The curry was thick and the proportion to the rice was perfect. Tonkotsu Ramen: Definitely did not come with the typical ramen toppings like wakame, charsiu and bamboo. It came topped with Chinese cabbage and chicken. It was almost more like Chinese noodle soup haha. If I were to judge it as a ramen, it wouldn't be good. But as a noodle/soup dish, it was good.Soft Shell Crab roll: Okay, sushi is definitely not their strength. I would not order another roll from here. There was too much mayo (the presence of mayo was already odd), the sushi rice was not the right consistency, and the nori was soggy.  The inari that came with my tonkotsu ramen tasted a little odd as well. It's ok, they have plenty of other things I need to try on the menu!If this review was based purely on food, I'd give it 3.5 stars. But I really appreciated how hard-working the couple works! So 5 stars all the way!
4	The quality of the food varies a bit from visit to visit, but this place is capable of making the best tempura I've ever had.  The udon is also excellent. Do not order the curry. Nigiri and sashimi are okay.
5	Amazing food. Oyako and Gyudon  was amazing. Great service too.
1	It is indeed a sad day when I have to give a Mom and pop store the absolute minimum. But that I feel is the best I was willing to do after the experience of eating here.  There wasn't a single redeemable factor in the whole experience. I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen ($9) on the menu supposed to come with 2 nigiri sushi.I got a horrible mess of a soup and super sweet inari sushi. The tonkatsu was composed of chunks of napa and bok choy and imitation seafood sticks and some old chicken. The broth was thickened with egg whites rather than pork bones and the whole thing was saturated with MSG. Needless to say it tasted horrible. Every ingredient in the bowl was old and of low quality including the ramen. Avoid... even the service was non-existent..
4	I'm so excited that a friend introduced me to this place! I returned to Arizona in September after living in Japan for two years, and I had yet to find a lot of the "staple" foods I enjoyed there. Nagasaki Grill offers really authentic udon, ramen, tonkatsu, curry, etc.  The plain but comfortable inside is authentic too. Eating there felt just like being back in Japan.It's important to note that Nagasaki Grill's food is in no way "fancy" or upscale. It's what you would expect if you walk into a small neighborhood joint in Japan where locals grab a quick bite after work.  In other words, just good plain food. The service is quick, but the husband and wife run the place alone and don't fawn over guests at all. I would give Nagasaki 5 stars, except that it's SO uncomfortably quiet in there. I had to whisper so my voice didn't echo obnoxiously. :)I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!
5	I have probably driven by this place a hundred or so times since living here. I have always ate Republic Ramen. Now that we have eaten here, this is by far the best. We had the ramen tonkottsu and the soft shell crab roll for 2 people under $20 and we were both stuffed when walked out of there. Great food and really inexpensive. Will go back again
4	Overall the food is great, but service could be better.  It's run by a husband and wife team.  The husband runs the front of the house while the wife runs the back.  The food is authentic Japanese home cooking.  Let's face it.  How many people  in Japan canafford to each sushi and teppanyaki like most Japanese restaurants serve in the US?Instead of eating sushi which you can find at most other Japanese restaurant I would recommend eating almost anything else they offer.  I really enjoy their donburidishes which consist of either chicken/beef/port cooked in a variety of ways on top of rice.  For standard fare, everyone loves their tempura as it's nice and light. As thesummer heat approaches, I would recommend their zaru soba which is cold buckwheat noodles with a fish broth/soy sauce dipping sauce.You need to stand up and find the husband if you're want a refill unless he's servinga meal in the restaurant because I think he also goes into the kitchen to help hiswife.http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/kO1-ZswCgQak2beKUMaYRw?return_url=%2Freview_share%2FkO1-ZswCgQak2beKUMaYRw%2Freview%2FQ3IfvBJ5B1R3IfXbK3832A%3Ffsid%3DSE_43Uc-brVwG_NanttP3w&review_id=Q3IfvBJ5B1R3IfXbK3832A#
3	This is the first Japanese 60s-style diner I've ever been to. There was only one other table of people when I visited and the ambiance was dead silent. Only one older man working the front of house. He took our order and delivered our dishes. To pay, we walked up to the register. The sashimi platter is a good choice for two to three people. It came with a ton of tuna and salmon slices. The miso, edamame, chicken yakitori skewer, and gyoza sides were tasty. Also included was an interesting cup of tiny salmon slices with scallions and a sweet soy sauce. The tuna and eel rolls were nice, in case you prefer sushi to sashimi. Overall, the fish was good, but I have had better. The prices are a bit high, but the dishes come with plenty of sushi, However, competitors like RA have higher quality fish. Due to the competition in the area, it is a bit tough to say I would come back. However, I did have a good meal and got plenty of food.
4	Pros: qualitty, authenticity, and TASTE!Cons; service, price, atmosphereCan't stress the taste points enough it's awesome flavor, but definitely get this to go or eat by yourself the place is clean but the decor is from at least two decades ago you're not going to impress anyone bringing them here. Quality is definitely there, this is a mom and pop shop in every way, but it's more like mother and father-in-law service when it comes to serving and attention. They are in the kitchen a lot if you need anything you have to go to the desk and call in. Portions are satisfying but not filling and for the same money you can get more food elsewhere. Still, it's not expensive and is both authentic and tasty.
4	This is the real deal.In saying that, I cite other "Japanese" restaurants, whether some sort of fusion or what-have-you or not. This isn't any yuppie's vision of Japanese cuisine located in a cookie-cutter strip mall next to a Rubio's Fresh Mexican grill; this place was cut directly out of the landscape of Shinjuku-ku, circa 1985, and pasted in a rather unfortunate part of Mesa.Some people might gripe or balk on the atmosphere, but I say it really adds to the experience. My server, I'm guessing the daughter of the owners, was very courteous and I found the inattention by the mother and father and the mother's talking on the phone to a relative in Japanese quaint.SO YEAH, THE FOOD. It was great. I had an unagi (eel) roll with some kind of egg/chicken entree. Everything was tasty, and the fact the lights were off (presumably to save money) and everything around me was in Japanese made my white arse feel like Steven Seagal being a badass eating udon or whatever in silence in one of his 80s flicks.Anyway, this isn't the place to go if you're looking for an upbeat atmosphere with tons of people and all that. I was the only customer, and there isn't a TV or anything. I guess I'd say bring reading material if you're eating alone. The only con I have is that they don't serve alcohol. I'm not a fan of sake, but this place is perfect for it. I really wanted to have a Kirin in a "real" Japanese place, but oh well. They do serve authentic Japanese canned coffee drinks and things like that, though.TOH ZAN ICHI BAN
5	This place is excellent. The food is really well prepared and well presented and the unagi is to die for!
2	So I tried this place... Gave it a couple chances... But everything just seems off. Usually wrong ingredients in items... Or the food just tasting off. Yeah I really haven't been back and even though I drive by it I usually go home and cook myself... Good thing my mom taught me!
2	I was excited to eat here. Looked like just my kind of place.I actually like the ambiance. Very diner/casual feel. Very homey.I would not order sushi here. The salmon was very not fresh. The tuna was not fresh. Even the cucumber sushi was not great as it was mushy.The Tempura was pretty good although the sauce was too sweet for me. I am used to a salty/briny sauce.I would come back for Tempura. And if I ever start eating wheat and other carbs like that I would love to try the noodles. Which is why this review is not a 1 star.Oh, the little salad that came with the meal was very good.
4	Had been craving noodles for a long time. After reading reviews decided upon giving Nagasaki Grill a try. I love to support the mom and pop shops and their reviews looked more promising than Republic Ramen + Noodles. Reviews were right on.Food was fantastic!!!  I had Japanese Curry Soba noodles husband had a chicken and shrimp with broth Udon Noodle dish. Both were stellar and piping hot which LOVE (so they probably got an extra half star from me there). Menu said both were served (inari zushi) which was  sticky rice wrapped in a eggy wrap  with what tasted like eel sauce. It was a nice way to try something I'd likely otherwise not order. Tasty!!! Why not 5 stars? Friday night at 7 PM we approached the restaurant which my husband thought must be closed. Just like the reviews said it wasn't. We were just their only customers. The female Owner /cook greeted us pleasantly and sent us off to a table. Then  the male owner took over while she went to the kitchen. He gave us menus took our drink order then came right back to ask if we were ready to order, not yet...Just not 5 star service not bad per say just not really good either. Expect 5 star food and 2 star service and you won't likely be disappointed.We will definitely be going back for the food!
5	Amazing, truly a hidden gem! Best Japanese we've had since moving to Mesa 5 years ago. Definitely on par with small family-owned Japanese places in Hawaii where we're from. Gave us a little taste of home. Minimalist service (pay at the counter etc, like some of the places back in Hawaii), however no minimalism when it comes to the quality and quantity of the food! Great tempura dinner. Highly recommended, lots of character and great flavors. We will be back soon!
5	FINALLY! A place to eat real Japanese food in the Phoenix Metro area! Now I don't have to wait until I'm in Cali to eat katsudon, kare, sukiyaki and other homey entrees not found in your typical Korean owned Japanese restaurants here in the valley. The food here is sooooo good guys. It is such a great value for the quality and quantity you get. It's so tasty and very comparable to dishes I had when I went to Japan. It's owned by an elderly Japanese couple, and I think they run the whole place by themselves. It's usually quiet and empty in there, so I hope they stay open! Try them out, I highly recommend it!
4	Ate here only one time. I would say this is as close as you can get to authentic Japanese here in the states. Good food , a lot of variety and combos to choose from. A lot of people think Sushi is the extent of a japanese menu. For those with that perception I beg you to broaden your horizons and go here to try a few new dishes. Attmosphere is basic, restraunt is clean, food is tasty and waiter is always willing to recommend.
5	AMAZING! I can't reiterate this enough... it is AMAZING! Serving size and quality are exceptional. If you are a fan of Japanese food (authentic or otherwise) you have to try this place. If you're not, you still need to try this place, because it will make you a fan. Last but not least, the service is great.
1	Food was ok, nothing special, but the service wasn't good at all. After the server brought out food, he disappeared in the back and didn't come out till we were done. Never asked how the food was, never refilled our drinks. And then he brought the check, which was a piece of paper with a price written on it, $41.75. No individual prices, no breakdown of food prices, tax, anything. I'm not even sure we were charged the write price. Will never be back here again.
4	I like the restaurant its nice and cozy. Some of their food can sometimes be a little too sweet for me but other wise i love it. Quick info: Its not really a restaurant where waiters come check how you are all the time because there is only one waiter/cashier.. I usually just order at the cash register and they bring out the food for you. It reminds me of when i used to eat at the mall in japan.
4	I have had wide range of Japanese food before, from authentic to Americanized. You will have a more authentic experience at Nagasaki Grill. It is owned by a Japanese couple who are reserved and speaks Japanese to themselves. I read the reviews before I went there, so I was prepared to face less than ideal interaction from the owner/server which was fine with me. Now, food-wise, it was great. We had salmon sashimi for appetizer. They were THICK pieces of salmon and fresh. For main course I ordered don katsu (fried pork and rice) and salmon covered rice. Katsu was ok. A little thin and dry. Salmon covered rice was great. I thought it was going to be cooked salmon but I loved it nontheless. My favorite part was STRAWBERRY BOBA TEA! It had real ground strawberries and boba balls. I would definitely go back!
4	This is one of the mom/papa place I have tried in AZ. Tozan is operated by old Japanese couple! I ordered udon and Ikura Don (salmon egg rice bowl) combination. For the price, I was able to enjoy this meal! There are several combo meal here and it can fill you up well! If you are looking for the homemade Japanese food, I would highly recommend this place! The cards are accepted!!
5	Very good ramen.  Had the tonkotsu combination which had chicken and some crab chunks in the broth.  Very quiet atmosphere, but nice.
5	Simple and very authentic. Just genuinely delicious Japanese food. This is my new all around go-to place for a good meal.
3	Ever since leaving Tucson, I've been looking for a place that had authentic Japanese food. Not just sushi, but different types of ramen and udon, as well as bento boxes. I think this is my place to go in the valley! I really wish Yelp would let you give half stars. There are places that are better than 3 stars, but aren't quite at a 4 star level... that's where I'd put Nagasaki Grill Toh Zan. My partner and I took our kids, which is always an experience because they generally don't like anything that isn't processed and full of sugar and crap. It's always a crap shoot when we take them out to eat. We lucked out!The place totally looks closed from the outside, but inside it's clean, albeit a little plain Jane. I'm thinking that they didn't put a lot of money into remodeling the place, but it's ok. We sat in a small booth, while a larger group came in and took up a big table by the wall. The gentleman sat us, handed us menus and suggested that we hurry up and order before the group did, so we weren't sitting around waiting for their orders to be completed. When it comes to bedside manner, no, he wasn't the sweetest, softest guy around, but considering it's only him and his wife running the place I could cut him some slack. Besides, having lived in Asia most of my life, i'm used to the more brusque manner. It didn't bother me, especially if the food was good. The boys both ordered ramen; one got the miso broth, the other got a different broth (I don't remember which). I got the Ka-ri (curry) udon, and my partner got the teriaki chicken don. All the noodles came with inari sushi, which the boys loved... go figure! Decent sized bowls, piping hot, fresh. I think both of them were lifting the bowls up to make sure they got every last bit of broth. My curry udon was great, flavourful and filling. My biggest issue with it is that it really had no protein in it. I would love it if they could do a seafood curry udon, which is my go-to when I'm in Tucson. I would pay a few bucks more for a larger bowl, with a protein of some sort. My partner's teriyaki chicken was ok, but not the best I've had. The potstickers that came with it were excellent, however. The chicken was a little dry and the sauce was a little sweet for my taste. But I'm not writing the bento boxes off completely. I plan on going back and trying some of the others, including the Unagi bento. The honey lemonade was just sweet enough and refreshing, but the highlight as far as the drinks go were the strawberry boba milk tea. Soooo good! It was like actual strawberry puree in smoothie form, poured over ice and topped with milk. A little unconventional as far as boba teas go, but it was so incredibly yummy! So, in a nutshell, I'll be going back, especially since the boys really liked it, and that's a huge plus. There were a few missteps, but honestly, for a restaurant that has a staff of 2, you can't always expect perfection. It's obvious that they put their blood, sweat and tears into this venture, and I'm happy to support a local business like this.
5	I had always loved TohZan.They have THE best  Miso Ramen. Sometimes its a bit salty but the food is truly good and authentic. Also, they give you lots of sides and they are also good too!
5	It's not often you find an authentic Japanese hole-in-the-wall joint. Well, not in Phoenix anyway. Nagasaki definitely counts. It's just ... fantastic. Their sushi is fresh and delicious and inexpensive, but the selection is limited. They have sukiyaki and excellent miso and udon and those little multicolored pickles. Everything is tasty. It's not always easy to spot, especially at night, because they don't seem to like lighting up their sign. But if the lights are on inside, it's safe to assume they'll feed you.One more thing: since they're really quite authentic, they don't really have any dessert on the menu. Don't go there expecting to order a tempura-fried banana or green tea ice cream.
3	Really good price for what you get.  I had the tuna bowl it was really yummy.  I have to come back and try dinner one day.
4	As horrific and barren as this place may seem when you're driving past this place, throw your assumptions away because this place is legit. I needed to find a place that was closer to me than having to brave the Oregon Trail trek to Sushi Ken and found this gem on Yelp. This is the only place in Arizona where I have eaten tempura the way it's supposed to be done (when you see tempura shrimp that's uniformly round around the edges, that's a no-no.) They have takoyaki and the normal Japanese comfort foods that I have come to love, all cooked by a Japanese elderly couple. Prices are great, portions are enough for you to take some home, and food comes out quick since you're likely to to be the only one in there unless you hit lunch hour where all the MCC kids come trolling over. They have sushi but I didn't try it and in an establishment like this where it's a little more barren and run down, I will truthfully say that I'm a little scared to try their fish, but I will probably do so in the future and update this post. Definitely worth a try!
5	Best tempura in the valley!! This place has the authentic Japanese food in the affordable price range. The food is satisfying in both quality and quantity.
4	this is the definition of hole in the wall.  Watch for the sign on the street and the large private parking lot right in front of the restaurant.  I came in at around 1:30 pm on a Thursday and was the only person in the restaurant.  I ordered the marinated tuna lunch special (it was very similar to Hawaiian style ahi poke).  The food alone was easily 5 stars. The tuna was marinated perfectly in a shoyu (soy sauce) and sugar sauce with onions over a bowl of rice.  The combo also included miso soup, a vegetable gyoza, and the chicken skewer.  EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS.  even the little chicken skewer that came on the side, i would've ordered a whole meal just with the chicken.  The place is run by a nice old Japanese couple.  The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is bc of the ambiance.  No background music, plus the fact that I was the only one in the restaurant, made for a dead silent meal.  But the food was so awesome I didn't really care.
5	Super excited that I found this place. It's rare to find a traditional Japanese restaurant like this in Phoenix. The food was outstanding and both made and served by an older Japanese couple. If you are super picky about food service then you might want to avoid this place. Also, it's super quiet. No background music and I was pretty much the only customer in there. I was literally handed the menu as I walked in, given a few minutes to look before he asked for my order. After dropping of my food they never came back until I was ready to pay for my check. I didn't mind because it made everything quicker and allowed me to eat in peace. I ordered the Zaru udon, which is a cold noodle dish that comes with the most delicious dipping broth. It also came with two tofu skin nigiri pieces, which were delicious. I can't wait to come back and try their other dishes!
4	Had lunch here yesterday - yum.I had the tempura udon, which was very tasty, and the ever compelling spam musubi.  I can't stop myself.  I make musubi at home, but whenever I see it on a menu, I am COMPELLED to order it...  Overall atmosphere is typical of a family-owned business.  A little non-descript, small, clean... very one-on-one communication, great food.  But, it was also HOT.  Like, humid hot, which made me laugh, because it reminded me of being on the islands where the AC runs all day but the humidity takes over.  That was the only negative.The owners were very friendly and the food was great.  I'll be going back... Prolly shouldn't order soup in the middle of monsoon season, but there's always that musubi!
4	Nagasaki grill is a pretty awesome place in its own unique way. I doubt it will ever develop a major following like some other restaurants in the area which is a shame, but also part of what adds to it's character.I set out to try what sounded like some pretty authentic Japanese food (not just sushi or teriyaki). When I arrived I intended to just grab a bite to go for dinner but when I talked to the owner at the counter I decided I might as well sit down and take in the full experience. As other reviewers mentioned he is a fairly quiet man but as I showed interest in the menu and asked some questions he seemed to become more talkative and welcoming. I said that I was wanting to try something a little different and he suggested the Unagi-don, claiming it was one of the favorites. In retrospect I'm not entirely sure he wasn't just trying to up sell me but whatever, it was delicious!The broiled eel came over rice with a bowl of udon soup on the side. Both the eel and rice were covered in a homemade eel sauce which was excellent and the udon noodles were just right. When I talked to the owner after my meal he mentioned that he makes everything, noodles included, in house. So that explains that.My only complaint was the price. I was feeling adventurous so I thought I would just go with his recommendation but $16 is a lot of money for some eel over rice and a bowl of soup. Most of the other dinners on the menu were about $10 but anything with fish matched the Unagi-don item. Nonetheless I left that place with a good bit of leftover rice and a full stomach.If you're looking to expose yourself to Japanese cuisine beyond the American go-to chicken teriyaki and California Roll then you should definitely give Nagasaki Grill a shot!
5	Noodle soup craving satisfied! Great food food not even care that it took 15 plus minutes so worth the wait! Friendly staff great food!
5	The food was so good.It's insane that their lunch combo includes a chicken skewer, a gyoza, salad and miso soup. Everything tasted awesome. I ordered curry with chicken katsu .. So good :D
5	A most definite hole in the wall experience. The setting is what is expected, but the food is out of this world. My taste buds were taken on a roller coaster of flavors. Very delicious. A large amount of food per order is given as well. The service is subpar, but the food more than makes up for it. One of the better eateries I've encountered in the PHX area.
5	I lived in Japan for 4 years and ate at many restaurants there just like Nagasaki Grill Toh Zan.  The food was so authentic that I got immediately homesick for Japan and the owner is a wonderful Japanese man who is gracious and friendly.  If you want really authentic (not Americanized) Japanese food, you need to eat here!
5	Signage  mentions opened decades ago.Hard to believe I never tried their wonderful food.Have you looked at the pictures?  With all the reviews I would like to just be among the admirers. There is evidently a wide apeal per the completely different customers. There were two people speaking and instead of Japanese one spoke in perfect northern Mandarin and the other possibly from another part of China. I am very easily pleased, which shows how unsophiticated I am. Getting excited is not a common occurance. With the exception of the green tea and green tea ice cream I was excited! My prefering the tea and icecream elsewhere probably just shows how little I know.  If I could eat five very smalls a day, this would be the place.
4	This place is legit. If you're looking for some awesome, authentic udon, you've found the right place.My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner. I can only assume they do a lot of business at lunch because there was only 1 guy sitting in there when we arrived and only one other couple came in while we were there. How do they stay open? Anyway. They guy behind the counter handed us menus and we sat down. After a few minutes we hear "you ready to order?" we yell back "no." A few minutes later we were ready and the guy came over to take our order. I went for the tempura upon and my boyfriend ordered the beef udon. We also ordered a spam musubi to share.The musubi came out first. It was disappointing. The spam was thin and overcooked. The whole thing was just kinda smooshed down. Not great. Luckily the udon made up for it. Mine came with a huge bowl of noodles, and an even huger bowl of tempura - several shrimps, eggplant, squash, potato, tomato -it was a ton of food. My boyfriend's was loaded with beef and again a large portion. Both came with 2 pieces of some kind of sushi I'm not familiar with, it was rice wrapped up in an eggy pastry-like shell and it was cold. Neither of us cared for that so we just enjoyed the udon. We stuffed ourselves silly with the noodles and tempura, and I loved it.When we were done we just went up to the counter and paid. The guy was very nice, just don't expect a lot of table service. It would be nice if they played some music though. When it's only you and one other table sitting in silence it can feel a little awkward. But otherwise this place is great. I'll definitely be back for more udon and I really want to try their tonkatsu!
3	This is definitely a hole in the wall. We have been here a couple of times and every time we are the only ones to begin with then maybe two other people will show up. They don't seem like they get a lot of business, which makes me sad. It is EXTREMELY quiet you can hear a pin drop. Don't expect any music, or TV on here which makes for an awkward eating experience. The owners are Japanese so that's always a plus. The curry and takoyaki were definitely lacking in flavor. But I always love my Katsu Don reminds me of home. The service is always lacking. When you get there your handed menus and asked from the front area if you know what you want. I never get any refills because the owner will never come back to the table.
