1	we sat on the patio for 10 minutes and no came by and attempted to take our order or acknowledge us.
4	Busy day at the hospital and I needed a drink.  One of the nurses had recommended a new barstaurant that had just opened in the district by GVR.Typically this area is aimed for the older demographic but when me and a friend had arrived it was sporting a new crowd.The bar is the same area as Al's Garage in that alley by Lucille's.  The restaurant has not had it's grand opening yet but is currently having their soft opening.Upon arriving to the restaurant you're not greeted by a host/hostess but you simply seat yourself.  Soon after the manager (Brian) who also operates Common wealth and Park on Fremont had greeted us and was very accommodating.  Soon after our waitress (Sierra) had a arrived and took our drink orders.Setting: Very modern, english interior.  You feel like you're inside of an exclusive bar because of the dark decor and fancy decorations.  Drinks:  Madame Victorian arguably one of the best drinks i have ever had (and i've had a few drinks in my lifetime). Nice fruitiness with such an excellent subtle tone of alcohol.  My friend had got the "When the Smoke settles" which was amazingly chocolately and very smooth.  I had two other drinks which were okay.Food:  I got the burger which was amazing.  The meat was oozing with juices and very tender.  My friend got the fried chicken sliders which were just as tasty.Service:  Friendly management, Our server and busser were always around just in case we needed anything.Overall: Finally a cool place for the younger crowd to hang out at in Henderson which is pretty hard to find.  No more having to drive all the way down to fremont to enjoy a nice drink with friends.  I would definitely come check this place out.
5	Thank you, Henderson for finally stepping up the rad game.  Although it's only "soft opened", Due and Proper tantalized my taste buds and put a little sparkle in my eye.  The service was great, the decor was hip and sexy with dark accents and delish chandeliers creating a nice ambiance.  Also the outdoor seating is great and way hard to find in this desert.  Thank you for not being Applebee's or another chain.  We enjoyed the deviled eggs first---well done! These were light with a nice bite.  So tasty.  Next we had the buttermilk chicken sliders....also fantastic.  The buns were soft and fresh and the chicken moist and juicy with some nice spice on the side.  They have some nice libations to offer and decent beers on tap but could step up that game a bit. Sorry for revealing your awesomeness even though your sign out front said not to just yet.  I just couldn't take it anymore.Keep up the quality and service and this will be THE spot!Can you add a scotch egg to the menu? Please and thanks and maybe add no smoking.  :-)
1	The food menu is very limited. The service is extremely slow. For place that had a month long pre opening, they are not providing good service at all. Waitress was forgetting parts of the order. Not a place to come back to anytime soon. Serious improvements are needed.
1	I sat down with my boyfriend at one of the booths for approximately 20 minutes before he headed over to the bar to get someone to serve us. When she finally came over to bring the cocktail list as he asked, she didn't even bother to greet us or ask if it was our first time there. I ordered some blueberry drink and my boyfriend picked out a chocolate drink. Both were disgusting. The waitress never came around to ask us what we thought of our drinks. I had to flag her down so she could bring me my check and even then, she just didn't care to ask why we were cashing out immediately after getting our first drink. Both my boyfriend and I were excited about what seemed like a promising bar with some cool decor and art in Henderson. Now we don't ever expect to come back here.
3	We ordered at the bar, so I can't comment on the sit down service. Beer list is decent. Prices are ok. I really wanted to love this place (still do!), but the ambiance just doesn't seem right to me. It used to be the garage with huge garage doors open to the patio. Now it's all closed off and dark and the patio is just for smokers (pardon my bias!). We are desperate for cool cocktail bars in this area, but this one falls into the same category as elixir for me: smoky video poker bar. I get that machines are how you make money in this town, but I just wish they didn't feel so obtrusive.  I'll give it another chance, but my hopes aren't high. Looking forward to the tippling Bros opening in GVR!
4	Really liked this bar and the new "vibe" it has from its previous concept. Service was great and the drink selection is adequate. The deviled egg appetizer is a must have.
3	I enjoyed this cute new spot at the district.  Service was great and outdoor seating was perfect with a view of the musician and lights in the district courtyard.  The strawberry beer was delicious.  My favorite appetizer was the sausages in the puff pastry, so yummy!  We also had the pretzel bite, fries and wings which were okay but the puff pastry was by far my fav.  Nice spot for happy hour and to enjoy a nice vegas fall night out in a relaxed atmosphere.
5	i'm seriously shocked by all the negative reviews of this place.  i stumbled across this gem and fell in love!  FINALLY green valley has a bar that rivals those downtown!!  the service i received was excellent, our waitress came by often to check on us and was very helpful suggesting her favorites from the menu.  i love the decor, it is completely changed from als garage, thank jesus.  anyone complaining about this change blows my mind as the last few times i went to als it was dead, even the bartenders gave the impression that they didn't want to be there.  this bar is absolutely amazing!  whist (next door) is fabulous too.  you have to check it out!
5	I've been suffering from a cold all week.  The staff was most friendly and provided me with hot tea, lemon and honey. They really took care of me. Ordered wings and a burger which were tasty. Gotta come back for the brews. 5stars because of the staff
5	Went in for drinks and appetizers and had a great experience. All the tables were full, so we ordered drinks at the bar, the bartender came right over (and they were really busy) and was very friendly. Drinks were a reasonable price, a Johnny Walker Black and a Maker's Mark old fashioned were $20. We sat on the patio for a bit, and the patio heaters made it very comfortable. When a table opened up we went inside and a server came over pretty quickly, and again was very friendly. We ordered the pretzel sticks and the chocolate donut dessert. SO GOOD! It's nice to have a cool, nice bar to go to in Henderson, we will definitely go back.
4	A unique place for the district. Has an upscale feel on one side but still has tv screens showing sports behind the bar which takes away a little from the ambiance. Menu is small but food is good. Drink selection is decent. Music is too loud to have much of a conversation and the service isn't terribly fast. If you are interested in a leisurely night of a few drinks and a few snacks where you don't won't to talk much then this is the perfect place for you.
2	My friend and I arrived at almost 8pm on a Friday night. All of the regular seating was full, but there were seats at the bar so we chose those. The first bartender who greeted us was great, happy and helpful but maybe almost a little too intense. However, I would rather have had him all night than the miserable bartender who took over for him. We ordered the Madame Victoria (blueberry cocktail) and the first bartender told me it was a very popular seller. When we got them, we were less than thrilled. It was like it was too sweet, but too tangy at the same time, very strange. I'm not one for re-ordering so I sucked it down and that was that. My friend however couldn't bring herself to finish hers, therefore left her glass over half empty. She ordered another drink instead, and when he finally took her blueberry nonsense away, he said "no refunds" and dumped the drink into the trash. How about, "I'm so sorry you didn't like it, let me make you something else" or, knowing that I am drinking the same cocktail, dump it in my glass instead of the trash can. I had ordered the Pretzel Sticks, with cheese fondue which were good, but nothing I can't live without or make myself. We were enjoying those, when another friend joined us. She ordered a burger which she seemed to enjoy, and I tried a french fry which was pretty delicious. We decided we needed some more pretzels to share, but the bartender (semi-jokingly) said that I had gotten the last order. First, they are pretzels, second, it is pretty early on a Friday night, third, I would imagine they are a pretty popular menu item, so running out seemed like a joke to me. Not to mention, if you are out of something, how about you ask us if we want to try something else? So literally, we took this comment as a joke.  When a half an hour later rolled around and we still had no pretzels, we realized he was being serious.Now it's time to pay. Our order wasn't too complicated, so you would think splitting checks wouldn't be too complicated either. You know what we ordered, we want to put it on our own credit cards, just take care of it. One of the girls explained this to him, but instead, he took the check back that he had already presented and said "Ok then let me just split the check". He returned with three separate checks and of course we were already handing over our money so we could leave. I paid cash, but they must not believe in cents at this establishment because I did not receive mine. Please Sir, keep the $0.43 cents.Overall: Decor is really cute, trendy, love the chandeliers and the space itself (which is the only reason I gave a second star). Menu is pretty limited both food and cocktail/beer/wine, they could definitely do better especially with the drinks. There were a couple of things I was debating between on the food menu, but nothing looked like I needed to go back for and couldn't get somewhere else. I expect FAR more from a place that is associated with Commonwealth and Blvd. Cocktail Company. Frankly I was disgusted with the service and couldn't get out of there fast enough.
5	Woohoo! Finally Green Valley/Henderson has some fun bars that aren't focused around solely around video poker, doesn't smell like stale cigars, and is open 24/7! My friends and I come here about twice a week, the drinks are great, cool downtown/victorian atmosphere, big dark comfy booths (I may or may not have dozed off in one before), and everyone knows your name!
1	Not impressed- Very dark, slow service and food was and menu not worth returning for.  The wings were dry, the nachos were blah.  I miss al's.
3	I really hate comparing places like this to locations in San Diego, but Vegas you've got a lot to learn about craft cocktail creations. If you're somewhat familiar with the District or GVR for that matter, you probably know Due and Proper used to be the old Al's Garage. Now it's turned into what my brother likes to call the "Haunted Mansion" from Disneyland.The decor is cool, the drinks are ok, and the bartending isn't the best. I came here on Saturday and the place wasn't very busy... yet. I finally got the bartender's attention after about what seemed like 10 minutes and ordered a measly Vodka & Soda. After I got my order, I found and studied the craft cocktails menu and noticed an intriguing looking drink called, "The Dead Rabbit". This was a mix of carrot juice, pepper, and some other forgettable ingredients. This drink had a beautiful color and great presentation, but almost no flavor. It's like getting a fancy sports car only to find out that engine is powered by your feet. Not worth the effort. The rest of the night I stuck with Vodka and Soda. This place eventually got packed, but we were lucky enough to grab a booth. From here on out, it was another fun filled bar night. The service at the booth was awesome, almost too good because I walked out of Due and Proper feeling, "Stewed and Proper". I will be back, and upon my return I will try another craft cocktail. I mean there's always time for a second chance. Hence the reason why you can update reviews, right?
1	8$ for freaking Stella Artois? 18$ for a flank steak of a few ounces and some frozen waffle fries? Oh wait it gets better, in the middle of the eating our server presents the check, we didn't get why since we wanted to stay more and grab a few more beers so we had to tell her to take it back. Anyway never again, rip off!
2	Food is great, but very small menu! Extremely overpriced beer and wine.  Also very unfortunate to pay so much ($6 for a coors light) to then go to the women's restroom to find no toilet paper and trash on the floor.  We come to the district to get off the strip, but the prices won't bring me back.
5	Julian is the best bartender! Madame Victorian is my favorite drink and the quack and cheese is my favorite dish. I love the creepy carnival prints too! I just wish the late night menu had more offerings. Bring back the quack and cheese for the late night please!
5	absolutely great bar! i've heard its the same owner as common wealth downtown and it shows. has the same old timey, speak easy vibe. bartenders were fun and interactive.
4	The pretzels were amazing!!Some of the seats are first-come-first-serve and I was lucky that I was with party that got there early.  Sit-down service was mediocre, but when I ordered from the bar the bartenders were friendly.  The ambiance reminds me of a higher-end version of the Artisan.  I had fun and am looking forward to the next time I go!
4	If you're looking for a decent happy hour this is the place. It's 3-7pm, so we decided to try it out before heading over to GVR for 6dollar movie night. I was pretty skeptical at first: it's dimly light, their was only one bartender and probably 12 patrons, and she took a while to acknowledge us. But I'm happy I stayed! The food was really good! And we were able to watch some bowl games. We had the calamari for 4bucks, I personally thought it even edged out Fleming's (my husband disagreed) but it wasn't overlooked or chewy as calamari tends to be. We also tried the beef sliders. It advertised them as being made with house pickles...didn't taste like it but overall very good. (5 bucks)We had a IPA beer, on happy hour for 4 bucks. Personally don't care for well drinks or mixed drinks...but their list was impressive. Overall, I will return.
4	I love this spot! We had the grape fruit beer and fell in love. I could have spent the whole night in here catching up with friends!
1	Here on NYE.  Paid $200 plus tax & tip for a $4.99 bottle of disgusting "not even real" champagne. For $200 they could have springed for at least a $10 bottle of Korbel.  Disappointed
4	Located in The District at Green Valley Ranch, this English-esque pub has a great happy, and reverse happy hour!Here is the big plus, I walked in they were playing The Jam, followed by The Ramones, then The Clash, Joe Jackson, Elvis Costello and I think you get the picture, great music. I had very good service. I say if you are shopping at The District stop in for a pint. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
