5	Small shop. Silent bodyguard at the door. Surprisingly fabulous service. Squishy, soft leather. Expensive bags in brilliant colors. Willing to hold a perfectly special one...of course, wayyy too easily.Four days later. Still debating... did I say soft, squishy leather in an amazing, classic wing-tipped cutout black?? Makes me look 10 lbs thinner.Must sell more cupcakes.
3	TINY store with no big logo.  I swear my bedroom is bigger than this store.  If it wasn't for my keen eye, we wouldn't have even seen the store.  They only sell bags, which was a bummer - but the bags were indeed fabulous.  Oh so fabulous!  I wish I was a high roller who had enough money to shell out $2000 for a purse :(
4	they have good service here. sale people here are good! they let you kno when the sales are comming and show u whats new via email!small selection in the store but they will get you whatever you want if u order!
5	Balenciaga!  This place is as good as it gets!  Customer service is the absolute best!  I walked in with the boyfriend, we browsed around this extra small boutique, everything caught my attention, but nothing I would spend serious cash on.  I asked what colors they had in the Work size, preferably Giant Hardware, and out arrives wonderful Miss. Jhanin with her arms sticking out, decored with an array of all the Giant Works they sheltered in the back room.  Drools!  She layed them all out on a nearby couch, one on top of each other and I got to play with them all.  I handed her back all the eliminated ones and finally, I was down to two bags.  After much opinions from the helpful man at the door, Jhanin herself, and my lovely BF, they boxed up a Giant Gold Hardware Work in Praline.  I left Balenciaga happy, but not satisfied.  So a couple of minutes later, I returned, and they gladly  exchanged my then bag for my lovely Giant Silver Hardware Work in gorgeous Raisin!!!  :::droools::::    ... and that's the bag I brought back home to Texas with no regrets!  : )
4	I saved my money, I paid off my credit cards and I got my tax return back.  Since a trip to Vegas was already in the cards, I decided to take advantage of the lower sales tax and splurge with the money I would have spent gambling.  The store is tiny and only carries bags and wallets. Although it's right in the middle of the mall, it is pretty easy to miss - the sign is fairly understated.  The sales staff was very helpful, explaining the different shoulder straps between the Twiggy and the City, and pulled out the newest hardware (rosegold) and leathers (perforated anthracite).  I am beyond thrilled with my purchase, and can't wait to see the new store at Crystals.
5	Small boutique with surprisingly large collection. Very professional sales people. Great experience! Will definitely go back again if visit Vegas.
5	I was not physically at the boutique for this shopping experience, but I know the staff here are wonderful.  My mother and sister came here a while ago to get me a purse. I had to work, so I could not accompany them to Vegas. Thus, buying me the purse was very difficult since I was not physically there to select the one I want. So, my mother and sister had to shop for me and they said the staff there were very nice, patient, and understanding of my dilemma. My mother and sister went to the boutique a total of 3 times before I was able to select the perfect one. My sister literally took and sent me dozens of pictures of my mother modeling the purses so that I can have a precise image of how big the purses are and how they looked. The staff were so nice about that, especially since most designer stores do not allow you to take pictures.I ended up buying their anniversary purse with the lizzard embossed print in black. I love it, It is absolutely beautiful and I get so many compliments from it. The purse itself is so casual yet classy, its just goes with everything.
5	The boutiques was tiny, and sign was really small.  I had to look up directory to find the exact location.  5 starts for the customer service.  Scott was very friendly and patience.  He has helped me select the best leather.  I am very happy with his assistance.
5	Got here about 10 minutes before Midnight with my wife.  This place has a great selection of colors, styles and limited addition pieces you can't find at any mall like Barneys, NMarcus, etc...  It was a bit small but how much space do you really need to display purses?  My wife has been eying this one lambskin purse for the rose toned hardware anthracite classic purse for a while now.  She was tricky enough to bring me here after a great LV dinner at MMinas.  The service was great.  The guys knew the history of the owner, product production, its limited and popularity of the products.  We actually stayed after 12am and I felt bad for the guys.  But they said once we came in before the 12am mark, we were VIPs and they would have stayed open for us until we were completely done.  They had a huge array of colors and different styles my wife loved!!!  She was finally able to decide on one after looking at it for such a long time by herself on the couch, debating about the style, color, hardware tone colors, strap length, material and price.  It was so funny just watching her so focused on trying to make a decision.  We were gonna come back the next day, Mazin was nice enough to put a hold of the purse for us for 24 hours.  But i didn't really wanna come back the next day and I knew my wife would be so speechless if we walked out of the store with it in hand.  And so we left with it in hand.....
4	Scott was very helpful and knowledgeable, unfortunately, I couldn't decide which color I wanted that night so I ended up buying from the Balenciaga store that was in our hotel's (Aria) shops instead (right before we left). I would recommend you visit and speak to Scott if you have any questions about your purchase.
5	I have purchased several bags from balenciaga and this location, and always left thrilled.  After visiting the weekend of New Years,  Chiemi helped me and sadly did not have what I was looking for HOWEVER...She took down my info and I was certain it was to humor me and not actually follow up with me. Not only did she follow up with me , but twice--different bags and weeks apart. leading me to purchasing  another bag I didn't need, but loved!. She was really sweet, professional and accommodating. If ur in Vegas go visit her and don't be fooled. They have an ridiculous back stock. Request Chiemi and she will make sure you leave happy.
2	I visit this boutique while I was on business to LV. Store was small but when asked to see different bag models and colors, sales associate happily pulled out all the bags in stock to show me. It was very helpful. I didn't decide then, but did call/text them when I returned home regarding possibly placing an order and getting it delivered.The Sales Associate emailed me regarding a sale that they had. I was so excited and placed an order for 2 bags.1. I was not notified that the bags were going to be shipped 2 weeks after till weeks later and I called to see where my shipment was.2. After the date that they were supposed to ship out the bags, no info, so I call again and sales associate says that they dont actually have the bag and they are working on locating one. this is about a MONTH AFTER they charged my credit card.3. When I finally got the bag, there was cash in an envelope with the receipt. I asked about what this was for and was told that it was for the difference in transaction - a) Errors in transactions should not happen in the first place and b) who includes CASH in an envelope and sends it out? I would certainly think NOT high end stores like BALENCIAGA???In my opinion, the store associates are unprofessional, very ignorant, and just.. not helpful at all every time I call them.I probably won't go back here anymore during my work visits to LV every year.
