3	We went to Western Trails Ranch today with the inlaws. All in all, it wasn't too bad. The restaurant is out in the middle of nowhere at what is basically a little tourist trap just outside of Wittman. My inlaws had a coupon so they invited us for a cowboy type lunch. Yes they live in Sun City...so coupons are a way of life there.The restaurant is very rustic in decor but has big screen tvs all over the place so people can watch the games. There are rows and rows of picnic tables outside and about 20 tables inside. We chose inside because it was chilly outside.  The menu is beef, beef and more beef with a smidge of chicken and pork. We had some fantastic onion rings. The salads were refreshing but basic. The grownups all had steaks which were slow cooked and tasty. Not the best steak I ever had but pleasantly better than I had expected. My son had a 100% angus burger that was a 12 oz burger. It was enormous and DELICIOUS. The grill was filled with great mesquite wood and it gave all the meats a nice flavor but it really enhanced the burger. The side dishes were nicely done as well. Two of us had beans which had different types of beans and bacon in it. There was also baked macaroni and cheese which was pretty good. The coleslaw was delicious--with horseradish in it. Yum! The french fries that went with the burger were well seasoned and crispy.The only thing I really didn't like was the fact that they kept the doors open to the restaurant. It was a chilly day today and I don't like having flies buzzing around my food unless I'm in my own backyard. I'm sure the outdoor seating will be lovely in the spring though when its warmer and sunny. The service was prompt, courteous and pleasant. The cook came in to check on us about our steaks and he was quite nice as well. While I don't think I would go out of my way to drive this far for a steak, I might consider bringing out of town guests here for its rustic authenticity and the food really was pretty darn good. But after giving Posh 5 stars, 3 seems adequate for this out of the way place.
1	I heard an ad for this place on 96.3FM talking about their Friday All You Can Eat Fish Fry. I drove all the way from 43rd Ave and Olive to try it out -  only to have the worst dining experience of my life. When you walk in - you seat yourself, although first timers would not know that and there is no sign stating do so and no one acknowledges that you walked in the door. I was dining by myself this evening which I guess if you want service is a no-no. There was two waitresses a brunette working one side of the room and a blond with pink streaks in her hair working the other side. Here is a TIP - if you have less than four people in your party do not expect the blond to wait on you - I guess she works for tips only and figures the more people in a party the greater her tips will be. I had made a mistake of picking a table on that side of the room. She never acknowledged I was there and I was less than three feet away from her closest table (of four) she was serving. So I sat - no menu, no drink order. To make matters worse, several groups came in after me and all had menus and drink orders before the Owner - Joann finally came over and asked if I was helped. By now I was pretty upset - but I decided to stay and try the food after all I had just wasted all that gas to get there. It was 6:10pm when I arrived. I guess if you want "all-you-can-eat" fish and quality service you must have to be there between 2 and 4pm. They ran out of fish around 7:20 - but left the sign up in the door saying they had All-You-Can-Eat Fish for their special.I will say the I thought the chili was excellent and the fish was tender with a batter that was not excessive or over bearing. I guess Joann decided to continue to be my server, but she was obviously very busy - so gettig my drink refilled was a bit of a challeng, not to mention asking for a reorder on the fish. By the time I was able to reordered, tables next to were already on their third reorder (they arrived after me). When I was finishing up eating, I asked the blond for a refill on my Ice Tea (all her tables had cleared and left so she was serving no one) she said okay. The tea never came so I finally gave up, finished my dinner and walked up to the bar to pay. From my observation, I was the only one that had to do that. Over all the place was neat and clean. The food was good. They have three big screen TV's where they play Country music videos, although if you want to be able to actually hear the music - sit up near the bar. At some point someone actually turned the music up so you could hear it, but that only last for about half a song and then back down it went.They claim to have big outdoor events posted on their website and on the signs at the place - if they could not handle a simple Friday Fish Fry that by no means was very busy - not sure what they do on their other "busier" nights of Thursday and Saturday. I dine out alot sometimes alone and sometimes with my daughter, I am a very good tipper whether I am dining alone or with my daughter - never judge a book by the cover. If the service is top-notch I tip very well ask any of the waitresses at the other establishments I frequent. I only ask for two simple things - don't make me beg for a refill and acknowledge that you know I am sitting there once in a while..I can say one thing for sure - I will never be back.
4	Wife and I decided to go on a little run last night. We stopped off at Western Trails. Nothing going on Sunday nights. But their restaurant was open. Only a few locals were there eating, but it was nice. Waitress told us we can set anywhere! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries, and coleslaw. (always have it with coleslaw, so you can put the slaw on the sandwich! Only way to eat it!!) Wifey had their TNT BLT? Extra crispy appplewood bacon, with pepper jack cheese, and chipotle mayo on a croissant! They were very good!! We are going to come back during there busy days to check everything out. But their food is well worth the trip.
3	I went to Western Trails with my motorcycle group to try the free breakfast (with 5 dollar drink purchase - only on certain days - be sure and check first).  I had coffee - it was very good - but for a little more you can get something with a kick in it - that's probably what I will do next time.  The free breakfast I had was hash browns + biscuits and gravy - it was very good.  Service was very good, as well, so I left a big tip.  Nice and cute place in the middle of nowhere.
4	Pretty awesome place with the Wild West theme. Obviously not the best food in the world but it's still a pretty awesome place. I ordered a cheddar cheese burger and it was delicious! Everyone else with me seemed pleased with their meals as well. Not the cleanest place in the world but what do you expect at a ranch? You can even go outside and watch some riddin!
1	Wow.  Could it be worse?  This is my third attempt to get this posted.  A Saturday night and there was only one other table of six and in the time we were there two other parties of two came in.  There's a clue.  My son in law ordered a Bloody Mary that we affectionately called a bloody tinkerbell and the marguerita we called the sour lemonade. This was because you could only taste the alcohol if you focused.  Two brisket dinners went back because they were tough as leather.  All the prime rib was tasty but".........cold.  Ribs tasty but the glaze on the outside was tough and poked your lips.  Coleslaw, well out of our party of ten, one person ate it.  The waitress?  Who?  Never hardly saw her.  Tea refills?  That's not happening without a tackle.  We did not dare try any dessert.  Well, at tip time we really didn't want to but our upbringing demanded it but it definitely was not deserved.  The service was terrible?  You would think after a review like this that we would never return.  You are absolutely right.  Save yourself the frustration and save your money.
4	This place is fun. Enjoy the food and old west theme. Decent live music comes through, too.  Be sure to check out a singer named Bat when he's playing.
1	Decided to check out place... Bull riding nite. It was a cool evening . Not too many people. We went inside to get drinks. Waitress did not have an eye contact w me like I was invisible ! No smile, no answer on questions .... I looked on another waitresses - the same way! Managers need to train them to put as least a plastic smile! I asked about stage & bands.... She had noooooo any ideas! Wow!!!!! I felt pretty unwelcomed! After one drink, we left . I better give my money to place which will welcome me!
