3	I was so happy when Vaqueros expanded to this location. The same people who own the one on 18th Ave and Southern also own this one! This is an easy place to get good traditional Mexican food for lunch. The burritos are always quickly served and are humongous for the price. If you dine in, there are free chips available. I usually get the beef taco combo which is consistently good and includes moist refried beans and rice. This isn't a very fancy place but it's sure to curb your Mexican food cravings. PS- They make a killer Super Nacho/Fry (which should be shared unless you plan on going into cardiac arrest).
2	Okay, so we're in Arizona  helping my brother and his family move last week.  After sweating constantly since hitting the Arizona border, my brother suggests we take a break and grab some grub at his local Mexican restaurant.  We pull up to a place called Vaqueros, small little hole in the wall and I prepare my taste buds for a delicious, satisfying meal.Service was quick, staff were friendly, but the food just did no justice to my carnivorous appetite.  I ordered a carne asada plate w/beans and rice and corn tortillas.  The meat was dry and not seasoned, the beans and rice were bland and I might as well have been chewing styrofoam instead of their corn tortillas.Disappointing meal.  Being that the temperatures were still in the high 90's and humidity just choking me all throughout the day, a complaint at that point seemed futile.Certainly glad to be back home in California where real Mexican food is just a stones throw away.My rating would have been a negative 1 had it not been for the well mannered staff.No bueno Vaqueros.
2	This place use to be great 12 months ago when it was under a different name and management group. Now it is just plain bad food. I ordered a polle asado burrito that was just plain old nasty. I feel bad giving this place 1 star so I'll give it 2 stars since a buddy of mine frequents this place. There are half a dozen better fast food Mex places with a 1 mile radius so don't even bother with this place.
5	Been going here since the Change from Armando Brothers as that place is HORRIBLE  !! Hands down Way better now! I get the shredded beef tacos almost every morning, in fact I turned my whole office on to this place and they all go there now.Good pricing, huge burritos, VERY friendly staff, and a willingness to substitute and flexibility to make the customer happy. If you have a couple bucks and are in the area give this place a shot. I personally love the tacos with red sauce! 5 stars cause I do do anything halfassed
3	The food is good and the price is decent as with all of these "authentic" Filaberto-ish Mexican food joints. They are all about the same. Like Filiberto's, and other hole-in-the-wall" Mexican restaurants,  the shop has a less than "Nice and clean" look and feel to it. Also just like Filiberto's, the burritos come with pure meat. Wanna add rice? It'll cost ya! Wait... they have to remove meat to fit the rice. Rice is cheaper than meat! Why on earth would anyone charge more money when they are saving money??!? Who want's a burrito with a pound of meat in it and nothing else anyway??!? You could buy 1 burrito for $3.99, take it home and make enough proper burrito's to feed 4 or 5 people. It's enough meat to gag a goat and it's not taking food cost or the customer into consideration. It's a terrible business model overall. It's no Chipotle's, but Chipotle's isn't authentic Mexican fare either.  =0(.P.S. Armando Brothers is now right across the street.
2	Just didn't work out for us. . .We stopped by the drive thru Sunday morning to pick up two breakfast burritos.  My wife's had enough liquid in it to fill a small coffee cup.  It was about as hot as coffee as well and spilled down the front of her.  As she was driving at the time, it was a bit alarming to hear her yell in pain--frankly, I thought she was going to lose control of the car for a minute.  She ended up with a mild first degree burn on her stomach.The burrito was BIG but only fair tasting.  After this experience, we're not sure if we want to return.  YMMV.
3	They charge you a Fee for using your Debit Card... That's illegal, especially when they dont tell you!!! They have this tiny obscure sign by the register.Food is alright, staff is not too friendly.
1	This place was great about 2 years ago but clearly things have changed. Yesterday on my lunch break I was craving Carne Fries. I ordered them with NO guacamole, ADD extra cheese. I was charged for the cheese too because the total was $10 something. I get back to my cube at work only to find that the fries were smothered in guacamole with a less than normal amount of cheese. The carne was flavorless and the fries were cold and mushy.Not to mention the cashier was a tad bit cranky AND she never advised me of the fee to use my debit card. Sorry Vaqueros but I don't think I'll be coming back.
1	this has got to be the worst Mexican food in all Phoenix I was too lazy to get out of the car and go to amandos brothers a cross the street but that will never happen again.
