4	OK, so it's not a relaxing spa atmosphere, but they give a great pedicure (which includes whirlpool, massage and paraffin wax) and a quick and easy brow waxing. Very reasonably priced and the ladies are skilled and no-nonsense. I don't need the luxurious spa feel, but some people do. For me, the location, quality, price and convenience make it a no brainer.
5	Well as some of you may know, I have been looking for another nail spa for about two weeks now.  And this morning I went by word of mouth and sometimes that works and well this morning for me it did not.  I went to one not to far from my house and I was shocked at how much it was, it was cheaper than what I'm use to well.....I should have known better.  The lady didn't even paint my whole finger nail and I realized it and got up set and paid her for the manicure and left.  I looked up other shops not to far from where I live and came upon this one.  And the price wasn't bad, still cheaper than what I'm use to but they were really friendly nice place real clean just great.  They corrected my nails from the problem I had earlier today so I was pleased.  They did a great job, nails painted completely so I think I've found my new nail spa I'm soo happy...lol.
2	The cosistancy of this place is a ridiculous. Don't go on the weekend after 4 they close at 6 and they will continue to take customers to get the extra buck but your service will suffer. I paid for my brows to be waxed and they are just as hairy now, my mani and pedi are half a.. too! Communication stinks!
4	I agree with Julie on this one. It is not the most relaxing spa around, but they are pretty amazing at manis and pedis. I don't get my eyebrows waxed here only because I have someone else do them. Their prices are amazing. They do do they shellac/gel nails for $25, which I think is a way better price than most salons -and the best at it too. I've had the gel polish from other salons and the way Lee Spa does it is better. I would give Lee Spa a full five stars if they did make the atmosphere just a little more relaxing though and if you could add tips to your credit card purchase. Everything else from location to price is amazing.
5	I have been going to he same nail salon for years and recently moved so I needed somewhere to go. Multiple recommended this salon to me, and I was pleased to find they are open on Sunday's! The pedicure was great, I got the deluxe with designs on my big toes and it still only cost $35! I get ingrown toenail sometimes and the nail tech was very careful to trim my nails to prevent that from happening again. When I got my eyebrows waxed, the woman said they had been waxed wrong before and very carefully waxed them to get the right shape back, I was so grateful!! I had my iPad with me and the nail tech automatically asked me if I wanted the Wifi password, I didn't even have to ask! I agree with others that it may not be the most relaxing, quiet spa atmosphere, but they do a great job. My nail technician was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable, making sure she added more hot water as the water began to cool down. I would definitely recommend this salon to those looking for a good pedicure and wax!
