5	This is French food extraordinaire!  This darling place has been open for three weeks and offers breakfast and lunch Monday through Friday until their business picks up.  They should be able to accept credit cards within the next 3 or 4 weeks.  For lunch I had Quiche Lorraine and it was cooked to perfection.  The crust was flaky and light.  The salad was fresh baby greens with a lemon vinaigrette and we ordered a side of the Pommes Lyonnaise.  This was the best lunch that I have had in Pittsburgh since I moved here  nearly two years ago from San Francisco.  The prices are perfect, too.  And they softly play Parisienne music.  Delightful.Great job!  I hope Tartine lasts a very long time and is packed every day!
5	I took a small group for lunch to try it out and everyone was extremely impressed with the service and quality of food.  Since then several have been back and we have also ordered "to go" and received the same great food with a smile.  This is a must try.
4	I had lunch at Tartine today. It was busy but there were still a few tables. We found parking right outside. We had the goat cheese quiche and tuna salad on a croissant; both were excellent although the service was a wee bit slow. The quiche was creamy and flavorful with an incredibly light crust and the tuna salad was superb; both came with the potatoes Lyonnaise, which were on the dry side. I would try them again and hope for a better result. The atmosphere is very pleasant and nicely decorated with little French flourishes everywhere. There is also a small gift shop section. The owner greeted us and kept checking on us; when he heard that my companion was leaving for France soon, he gave her a gift - a travel journal with the Eiffel Tower image on it. Very thoughtful and a total surprise! Also want to commend the wait staff for their courtesy.I will definitely be returning to Tartine, soon and often. I wish them well. Just one word of advice - it's cash only, so go prepared.
5	My mom and I wanted to try this restaurant.  We walked in at 2:10pm.  They closed at 2 but very kindly seated us anyway.   The flower boxes out front looked beautiful. This time of year they usually look ratty. We decided the two waitresses looked like French country maids.  We ordered quiche Lorraine and a tuna salad croissant with the lyonnaise potatoes.   OMG!   The quiche was perfect.   The tuna salad unique -not mayonnaisey  (not sure thats a word!). and the potatoes were perfection.   They came hot and fresh!    The ice tea was served in small glasses - not plastic!  The decor was very nice - blues with pretty mirrors and pictures.  We ordered three wonderful desserts to take home because they were calling our name since we sat next to the dessert display case.  They were a bit pricey at $8 a piece but we were assured thy were worth it.   We looked at the breakfast and Sunday brunch menus and we will be back to try those!Postscript:  The desserts were not near as good as the looked!  Wouldn't have them again.  Still a 5 star though!
4	So absolutely delicious! Bring cash. Bring an appetite and love for fresh French cuisine! #bountifulblessingsI have now been here two times in my short life thus far.  Firstly I succumbed to a simply delicious luncheonette.Upon our second serving, I was blessed with brunch (a fresh perfect soft supple crepe  stuffed with jam, dijon mustard, and a... sauce that I cannot remember at the moment.)Lots of luscious lyonnaise potatoes!Come thrice, and your satisfaction will only increase.I was recognized and warmly greeted by my previous server and the owner.
5	Stopped by for late breakfast on a weekday around 10AM.  The West End seems to be developing into a haven for art galleries and this charming French bistro is a natural extension of that.  I had the smoked salmon plate with a salad, which with coffee came to a very reasonable $10.  Both salmon and salad used fresh ingredients, were well-portioned and overall fantastic.  Great service as well--Lou the owner came over and personally introduced himself to make sure everything was OK.  There is a large display case of very tempting pastries which I will have to try on another visit.  Only one small drawback, no credit cards accepted.
5	Go to Tartine!!! This little restaurant is charming and just what the West End area needs to perk up the once thriving town. We went for lunch at 12 on the dot and the place was slammed. The poor waitress was on her own but gracefully hopped from table to table. The owner came in and greeted everyone, stopping to talk with everyone as if they were old friends and thanking guests for coming.We each had a dish: quiche with bacon, chicken/olive/hard boiled egg sandwich, croque monsieur and everyone ordered and LOVED the lyonnaise potatoes. We all shared a delicious dessert of chocolate cake with orange flavor, white and chocolate squares around the outside. The desserts are brought in from Montreal and they're delicious.
4	Caaaa-uuuute little French Bistro. I've never been to the West End of town before and when I walked in I was taken to a whole other world. If you've been or live on that side of town you obviously know there are few businesses on the main street. I'm sure that their mission is to shine a light into the West End and promote more cool local businesses to come. While I selfishly wish it was closer to me... I would gladly make a trip here again!Everything works with the theme. The French music, the beautiful French pastries in the display case and the delicious french food! I was definitely tempted by the "official" tartine section of the menu (an open faced sandwich), but settled on the eggs Florentine for breakfast. Fabu choice because it was scrumptious. The eggs were perfectly poached, and the addition of bacon and roasted tomato underneath those eggs were devine! I only wish there was more delicious (and what seemed like homemade) bread to soak up the cream sauce. The woman who served us, who may have been the owner, was super sweet and attentive. I do hope that they do well! Please go visit! For a cute overload we had the pleasure of seeing a regular stop in with his dog, who promptly hopped into his doggie bed that was out for him. How adorable is that? IF that doesn't make you want to stop in, I don't know what will!
5	Want an authentic french experience in da burgh? After a vacay in Paris last summer, I can confidently say, you'll find it at Tartine. This place is adorable. From the cool blue walls to the fluffy rescue mascot (an adorable little pup with a doggie bed in the corner of the restaurant), this place oozes a certain je ne sais quois. The two tops along the wall with chairs turned out invite the unassuming to sit down for a delectable experience. Now, onto the food. I ordered the crepes. (of course) I chose the pear with blue cheese and honey (minus the blue cheese). This breakfast also comes with a side of lyonnaise potatoes. Feeling inspired by the decor, I embraced the french experience and ordered in the language of love. Well . . . looks like the wait staff doesn't speak love. Okay, English it is. Within a few minutes, our order arrived. Three light and delicate crepes filled with pears and topped with honey accompanied by a HUGE order of potatoes. The potatoes were soft and buttery, easily the best lyonnaise potatoes I have had. I ended my meal with a stop at the counter to look at the desserts and pastries. I couldn't leave without trying a berry filled croissant. So light and flaky it literally melted in my mouth. The owner talked to us about how their desserts are imported from Montreal. Overall, the prices for breakfast were very reasonable ($8-$10 for a large portion). But, the pastries and the desserts seemed a bit on the pricey side. My croissant, although large, was half the cost of my breakfast. My only concern is the location. There were only two other tables in the restaurant on a Sunday morning. Hopefully, word catches on and business increases organically.
5	Delicious brunch in an adorable French Bistro!!! Lyonnaise potatoes are perfect and the Dijon Bechamel was fantastic. Left feeling very fat and happy. :)) had an opportunity to meet and converse with the owner,  Lou, and his little buddy,  Bert, was great company too. Highly recommend.
5	Everything was fantastic from the coffee to the tartine, to the sausage. The little dog in the sweater made it an even more pleasant experience.
4	What a charming little bistro this is!  Impeccable service coupled with cute decor, this little cafe on the west end is delightful. It is cash-only and BYOB. There were not too many vegetarian items to be had so I had the Caprese sandwich with salad.  It was good though I expected something a little bit more fresh. (In lieu of a slab of fresh mozzarella, it was some kind of pre-prepped mash?). Tasty, just not what I expected. Hubby had a side of the Lyonnaise potatoes.. Yum!  Wish I'd ordered those. In all a great place!
4	Quaint little find! Always fresh, quality food! I just wish I could get here more often!NOTE: Does not accept credit cards!
3	More like 3.5 stars.  Came here for Sunday brunch and tried the florentine eggs benedict.  The eggs were perfectly poached but the sauce left something to be desired.  It needed a bit more zip and zing - it tasted a bit bland.  Potatoes and toast come with the benedict selections and they were tasty.  Decided to try one of their pastries in their dessert case and got this chocolate/almond concotion.  It was good but a bit pricey at $8 since that's the cost of their entrees.  Maybe I wasn't really in the mood for something chocolately or was just full from the eggs benedict but I couldn't finish it.  The decor is charming and the I had never been to this part of town so I would recommend that folks check this area/place out if you've never been.
5	Nothing new to add to what's already been said; just go!!  It's that good!!
5	The cutest spot and the nicest people! Especially coming from California the Owner gave all of us a lift to our Hotel cause the Taxis are horrible here!! Loved it!!!
4	This a small yet cozy and initmate restaurant. The owner is very personable.  He approached our table as if he had known us for years.  The food was superb but took a little longer to get to the table than expected but I guess perfection takes a little longer.  The Eggs florentine, poached to perfection and the sauce complimented it well.  The potatoes were outstanding and not overcooked.  The ham crepes great flavor and texture was nice.  The peach tartine was refreshing and the ingredients worked well together. Great flavors. Great ambience. Highly recommended.
5	What a delightful place.   It is a very clean restaurant & the ambience was very conducive to a fine dining experience in a casual setting.     The food was great.  The lyonnaise potatoes were so good, I normally use ketchup, not necessary.   The ham & bechamel sauce crepe was excellent.   My husband got the eggs benedict best we ever had.      The owner is a delight so warm & charming.  He makes you feel so welcome & is very attentive to the customers.    It was a great way to start our morning.          Take cash, which I feel is the only way to go I hate credit cards, they dont accept credit cards.  We will definitely go back to try a quiche which also looked delicious.  Highly recommended.  You also must go to meet Bert.   Gotta try the wonderful food & find out who Bert is.   Bon appetit!!!!
5	Wow! This was really great and unexpected.  My first impressions of the place upon entering was clean, friendly and charming. I had been meaning to try this place in the west end since it opened and today I finally got around to it.I had half a quiche lorraine and half an order of crepes with brie and dijon bechamel along with the potatoe lyonnaise. I have never had either of these dishes before and both were fantastic! Cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were also great and tasted like more. I tried one of the chocolate desserts and want to go back and get another . This place is a great step up from your local diner. I was here for brunch but will be back again this week. My only disappointment is in myself having not gotten here sooner. Check it out. Bring cash.
5	Everything's super fresh and super good. This place is amazing. I've Been here three times now and really enjoyed everything. There's a little dog who wonders around and sports a snazzy scarf. Awesome little place.
5	This place us such a little gem. It's really cute and colorful inside, and their quiche is amazing. They always have really enjoyable French music playing and a great atmosphere. Everything I've tried here has been good:  the soup, the eggs benedict, the shrimp salad. It's definitely worth a try.
5	I discovered this place all by my lonesome and went in for breakfast on a whim. The first thing I got was the florentine and it was delicious! The waitress came back after I was finished and asked if I was ready for the check and I said no, I'm ready for another meal! I wanted to see if that first meal was just beginners luck, so next I ordered the French toast and it too was delicious! Since that day, I've returned to Tartine almost every weekend. The wait staff are professional, cute, and have great attitudes and the owner is very kind as well. I would recommend this place to anyone
5	This place is just gorgeous inside, but you go for the food.  The atmosphere is lovely and the staff are friendly and welcoming!   I had the quiche Lorraine and potatoes.  Divinely delicious and the texture of the quiche was very smooth and rich.  My companion had the caprese baguette and salad.  It got rave reviews also.  So many delicious offerings on the menu, I will definitely be back to try other dishes.  Check out their menu before you go.  It won't disappoint.  We said to each other as we were eating...this is all the joy of French eating without the snobbery.  Big Love.  We walked off our meal at Artifacts, another "don't miss" West End attraction.
5	Cash only. The owner is so friendly and makes the rounds ensuring everything is perfect. The quiche is amazing.
1	Very bad experience.. Super slow service, they made us wait for 45 minutes while claimed the wait is gonna be 10-15 minutes "at most".. The food came after another 45 minutes. The lyonnaise potatoes which are supposed to be their specialty, were not cooked well and cold. The poached eggs were not good either. French toast was terrible. I'm not going back for sure!
5	I have been to Tartine twice now, most recently with my wife and her parents this past Saturday for brunch.  Whenever you walk through the doors of this establishment you are immediately transported to what I have been told is an authentic French experience.  There is a display case with pastries and desserts whenever you first walk in along with some tables.  Further back there are also some more tables as well as some nice looking mirrors and other French decor.  There is also some older French music playing in the background giving it a nice ambiance.  Both times that I have been here I have been greeted and talked to by the owner which I have enjoyed.  This last time I was also able to meet his adorable service dog who was always near him.For my brunch entree this time around I went with the A La Benedict which is pretty much your traditional eggs benedict while our table also decided to split a side of sausage and a savory pear and blue cheese dish.  While I personally was not such a big fan of the split dish, the rest of my table raved about it so I figure that it had to be me.  Of course the reason that I found that dish to be not as good is that my eggs benedict were stellar.  Everything about it came together nicely as the saltiness of the ham combined with the richness of the egg yolk and some slight sourness of the hollandaise formed a meal that I could eat over and over again.  As with most dishes there, it also came with a side of potatoes lyonnaise which were also very good and left me feeling pretty full.  The previous time I visited I was also very pleased with the Jambon crepe that I had.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely be back here again in the future.  Everything about this place is great from the ambiance to the food and even the owner.
4	Wonderful French cafe experience in the heart of the West End.  You will love the food and atmosphere, the service is marvelous and the food is delicious and authentic.It's BYOB, which I love.  And it's cash only, so make sure you visit the ATM before you go.
5	Seriously - The owner Bert is the coolest in the city!
