5	I love this gym! It's right next to my work, so I have been going after my shift (around 3:45pm). There are not too many people there at that time which is nice. It's brand new, all of the machines work (and are very clean!), and the staff is friendly and willing to help. There are rows and rows of ellipticals & treadmills, and multiples of every weight machines!Yes, there is a list of rules that prohibit "lunks", but I actually find the lunk alarm kind of funny. ;) Most of the rules are those you would find at any gym; no phone calls on the gym floor, etc. For $1 to enroll and $10/month, this place is awesome!
5	Just joined (TWSS).Close to home.  Brand new.  Really cool concept, very clean and all Cybex gym equip.Needed to use an Elliptical to augment my home treadmill use.Great Ellipiticals.  I did the $20 a month program.  You cannot beat the value and the people that work here seem pretty nice (for now).Super clean, great franchise.  I hope it stays clean and things don't go downhill over the year I am there??  Because it's perfect as it is.Look man, the $10 a month deal is well about as affordable as one can get.  So far, so good......
4	Not for everyone. Lots of machines but free weight selection is very limited. Facilities are usually very clean. Just like any gym, sometimes there are crowds, sometimes not.I pay for the $20 monthly membership so I can use the massage and tanning. That package is a great value, plus it allows me to bring guests.Straight men, DO NOT go on Friday nights. I just found this out last night. The place was a gay bath house. I'm not homophobic, I just don't go to the gym to be stalked. It started in the locker room. This guy sat staring at me, at first I thought he was just waiting to get to his locker, then I realized all the lockers near me were empty. I even asked if I was in his way, he huffed and headed to the shower area. Then while on the floor, two guys were making out in the stretching area. While I was working out on a machine, locker room guy appear again. He sat at the machine across from me, not working out, just occasionally giving me a glance. The final straw for me was when he walked into the black card member area and sat there while I was on the hydro massage bed. I finally had to tell him that we don't like the same brand.
5	This gym is the best deal around! And they have a world class pro competition trainer available. With the tanning and massage, you can not beat this deal anywhere. So excited!
