4	A while back (2010) when we were going through the fertility clinic, we were referred to a local pharmacy, but when the charge was over $1200, we sought a pharmacy that was covered under my insurance. Enter Medco. The rep was very nice and handled everything- she was very thorough and knew what questions to ask me. This was the first time I used them. The package was delivered via fed ex. The cost was under $80.00. Very happy with Medco.
1	Now that this has changed to Express Scripts, they are all screwed up.  I was taking a generic drug (belladonna) that is no longer available in generic form so I have to get the brand name drug (Donnatol).  My co-pay is supposed to be $50 for a brand drug that has no generic equivalent and they keep charging me $100.  I had to get my credit card company involved and talk to two supervisors to get their overcharges reversed several months ago.  I just tried to renew my prescription and they still want to charge me $100... their system is still not updated!  I never had problems with Medco but Express Scripts is a nightmare of confusion and mismanagement.
1	I have used them for 2 years now, and have never had a problem.  That is until my shipment was lost in the mail, and I had to talk to their customer service.  1st call: - I have to call UPS and have them track the shipment.  I tell the service agent it is their partner, and they will need to deal with it.  They tell me I have to call.Call to UPS - We need to hear from Medco, not the person that is receiving the shipment2nd call: - Ignores the request to call UPS.  Tells me I need to fill the prescriptions again, unfortunately, they are all out, and again, I am told to call someone else.  I have to call my doctor to get it filled3rd call: - Because of the time that has lapsed in calling my doctor and UPS, I am out of medication.  I ask what they can do to help out.  Answer:  I can go buy my medication at cost to me at my local pharmacy...  I am promised my prescriptions will be there Tuesday.4th call: - I get a manager at this point, as my shipment has not arrived.  Promised it will go out and be here Wednesday.  I tell the manager about my drugs I bought at cost, and she says the rep should have had the prescriptions sent to my local pharmacy and been filled at Medco's cost...  I ask about how to get my money back, and there is nothing they can do because I did not fill a prescription...There are several more calls I will not detail, as it is making me angry just recapping it all.  Needless to say, if the case is at all complicated or there is ever an issue, demand to speak to the manager's manager.  Fortunately, my company is changing insurance providers, so I will not have to deal with them ever again.  Which suits me just fine.
1	Same experience as Drew P. For some unknown reason they shipped my prescriptions to an address that had NEVER been associated with me. In fact, I had never even lived in that state? "Customer Service" was no help, and didn't care. Told me to "contact the post office and straighten it out." These idiots are now Express Scripts, but its the same incompetent idiots, just under a new moniker. I have REPEATEDLY told them not to send child proof caps and I just now received my latest refills. Yep, child proof caps. So here's what's going to happen. I am NOT paying the invoice for the medications. I am NOT using this "service" ever again. I am going to use my insurance card at retail pharmacies. My co-pay is a little more, but guess what. Cigna is going to have to pay LOTS more! And when they ask. I'll let them know exactly why.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Since this company moved to Express Scripts I have had nothing but problems. Worst customer service. They do nothing to help you. I wish I could go through a regular pharmacy.
1	Medco is now Express Scripts.  Medco valued customers and their service was best for their industry.  Express Scripts values the bottom line which basically means less coverage and less service.   Employers should seek a different pharmacy benefits manager if they value their employees.
