4	A favorite among major leaguers in town for a game.  Great steaks, potatos au gratin and creamed spinach.  The walls are lined with baseball memorabilia including autographed pictures and uniforms.
4	The steak was really good, our waitress was awesome, despite the huge crowd waiting for a table I didn't feel overly rushed.  You could spend hours looking at the memorabilia that covers every available surface.  If this place could talk I bet it would have some awesome stories.I'll certainly make it a point to come here again next time I'm in town.
5	We were there for spring training, and all the Oakland A's Boosters told us to go to Don & Charlie's if we wanted to see ballplayers slurp their soup.So we did.  Thank goodness we made reservations, and also that we made them early (5:30 pm).  It was right after a game, and already packed.We cooled our heels in the awesome bar.  Nobody was in there yet.  The bartender, very friendly, told us to just wait an hour and the bar itself will be packed, too (but we hoped we'd be eating by then).  But the bar has all the baseball memorabilia....wow.We were finally seated at a corner table, and struck up a conversation first with a local sitting next to us, charmingly complaining about all the tourists running him out of *his restaurant.  And then we started talking to Scott Eyre, seated on the other side of us, a pitcher at that time for the San Francisco Giants.  He had brought his nephew and his friends to dinner.  He was very gracious and we had a marvelous time watching him down a humongous sundae ("aw, I'll just run a few more laps tomorrow").And the food was good, too.  5 stars for the ambiance, the baseball references, the players in sight, decent service and awesome food.
2	Update 5/7/08---I had no choice but to bump this down to 2 stars.  While it was nice, again, to be on the winning side of the day's golf and therefore receiving a free meal I didn't walk out feeling like a winner.  The service is still very attentive and the place is cool to see but the food is at best average.  The cuts of meat were marginal, not bad but nothing special at all, and were cooked inconsistently and not always to order.  In general it just came across as a novelty experience - lots of sports memorabilia eye candy with food as a secondary consideration.  We were a big group last year and an even bigger one this year but I'm pretty sure there won't be a next year for us at D&C.First posted 5/14/07---This is a 3.5 star rating.  At times I find myself adding points for one aspect only to deduct some for an entirely different reason.  I guess that makes this place a bit of an enigma to me.  I am left thinking of it as a classic throwback blue-collar sports bar B.B.Q.-joint diner steakhouse with an interesting atmosphere.I was in the Scottsdale area as part of a group of 12 guys on an annual golf outing and this was the third and final dinner of the trip and served as the high priced ($40/guy) loss for the losing team (of which I unfortunately was a member).The food was good - they definitely know how to cook meat.  I had the 12 oz. filet and it was cooked exactly as the waitress described medium rare - pink and warm in the middle.  The guys sitting on either side of me each ordered different steaks cooked to different levels and both seemed equally satisfied.  I also really enjoyed my iceberg wedge salad - it was huge and fresh - but that shouldn't be hard to get right.  My double baked potato was fine and desserts were at best average.  I had the flourless chocolate cake which was fine but the banana cream pie was essentially whipped cream on top of banana pudding.The atmosphere was not exactly what I expected although I didn't really know what to expect.  When I think 'steakhouse' I think two things.  First is a somewhat dark dining area with booths and a sort of intimate feel to it and second is a menu that features various steak/prime rib cuts along with token chicken, fish and pasta selections.  Don & Charlie's is none of this.  Then again it is not strictly a steakhouse.  The dining area is essentially one big, brightly lit room with no booths and a fairly loud din.  It, along with virtually every part of the building, is covered with sports memorabilia.  The menu is broad enough that you actually have to look for the steak section.  Being there for the reason I was made these variances a positive to me but on other occasions they could just as easily have been a negativeRandom notes:  The service was great in a very straightforward way.  With such a large group it is almost inevitable that when the food comes out there is some confusion about who ordered what.  But we experienced none of that.  People were served what they ordered and without any chaos.  Bud Selig, of "Chopped Steak a la Bud Selig" fame, or is it Commissioner of MLB fame, was there.  Valet parking at $5 was expensive and an out of place option given the rest of the experience.The main thing that made me round down to 3 stars was the price.  It's just too expensive for what you get.  I didn't see the final bill but it must have been $45+/guy without drinks.  I have no problem paying that kind of money for a meal but I have had many better meals for that kind of money.  It was fun to see the sports stuff but ultimately it is about the dining experience and, on the whole, for the price it really was average.
3	Gotta go here during Spring Training and if you are a baseball aficionado. Their baseball collection is second to none and if you hang out in the bar during training you are in a big suprise in terms of what you will see. Menu seems to be overpriced bbq fare overall. Not bad- yet not worth it either.Fun time to be had overall if you are here during baseball season-check it out!
3	Don and Charlie's is AWESOME ... if you are a sports memorabilia nut job. I am not.As a matter of fact, I'm on the wacky side when it comes to restaurants without windows. It's creepy as hell. This could be part of the reason I'm not a huge Durant's fan either. Or maybe I'm a burgeoning claustrophobic. Impending mental doom aside, the food wasn't that fantastic and our server was less than non-plussed at our mere existence. That said, they pour a stinker of a martini. They shoulda just pumped like four more in me and I might be their biggest fan.
5	I am an unabashed baseball geek, so suffice it to say that I'd enjoy a baseball-themed steakhouse.  This place has amassed some amazing memorabilia over the years and it is cool to check it all out.D&C's is always bumping during Spring Training, personally I am one to avoid big crowds and long waits, and have found that I enjoy the memorabilia and the food just as much during the other 10 months of the year.  A wide variety of nice steaks, ribs, and other tasty grilled meats.  Great place to go with your buddies after a day of golf.The last time I was there, Don, who as one might imagine, owns the place, joined us at our table for a few minutes and told us some great stories about ballplayers that he's met, and even gave us a box of candy for free.  Very nice and genuine guy, and anyone who loves baseball as much as I do is probably a good man in my book.
5	My favorite restaurant.  You always know what you are going to get.  big portions Great food and Great Service.  Mumsie's Chop steak with char crust is my favorite along with coleslaw, chopped liver and twice baked potatoes.  Ask to sit in Cooper's section you won"t be disappointed.
4	If you like sports and you like steaks... then you have just found heaven.This is a Scottsdale landmark, and something of a sporting museum unto itself.  The restaurant has a dark, classy, old-school feel. The food is wonderful, one of the better steaks I have ever tasted.Don is a really nice guy, if you're lucky he might just join your table for a few minutes to make sure you and your guests are happy.
2	This place was so bad on so many levels I'm not even sure where to begin. Our server kept calling me honey.. and seemed to be in such a hurry she wouldn't stop and listen to me. You know how needy I can get and need to be listened too and heard. We started by ordering the Baked Spinach and Artichoke Dip..  what I couldn't understand is 1, how did the chef let this go out and 2, no one but us could smell the scorched burnt smoke coming off the dish. This thing was so badly burned and scorched it was completely inedible. Sent it back and she didn't even offer to bring another one. Perhaps it was because they were so busy they just wanted the food to go out?So I ordered their Famous BBQ Ribs.. I hate complaining to much but these were old ribs.. maybe maybe a day or 2 before.. pork takes on a funky taste when its fridged for to long.. the texture of the meat (when you could find any) was like jerky. I happily ate my Creamed Spinach (2 star yummy) and didn't eat more then 2 bones of the ribs. When the waitress came to clear the plates (she never checked on us) she asked if I was full. I told her that the ribs weren't to my liking.. she smiled and asked if I wanted dessert. Over all I would never come back to Don and Charlie's.. aside from the  Creamed Spinach, which I can make myself, there weren't many redeeming qualities. A shame too because it's so close to the house. I don't get it because the Yelps are so good. Maybe they were having  a bad night? It was so bad I wouldn't ever go back to find out.
5	Maybe I am biased because A. I practically grew up on the ribs in this place and B. My grandfather was friends with owner and it reminds me of him (since he has now passed away).  I have always loved the ribs and have been eating them since I could chew solid food.  I also love that they serve liver pate w/ rye bread slices and various cracker/bagel chips before the meal.  The twice baked potato is fabulous and I'm not really a potato person! I've never had a bad meal here and like I said, I've had plenty of meals at Don and Charlie's.The meat in general has to be good (I usually stick to the ribs)... my grandfather had a cattle ranch and my father owned a steak house (award winning ribs by the way), so if they like it I'm sure it will please most people!This is a valley establishment, nothing trendy about it... just a big friendly restaurant, good food and lots of memorabilia in a nice atmosphere of dark wood and crisp white linens.Quick tip: I would suggest a reservation and they have a private lot that I believe is valet only or mostly valet- so, if you don't have any cash on hand you might have to park on the side of the street or in a near by lot.
4	I go to Giants Spring Training every year in Scottsdale, AZ and this year we decided to try Don & Charlie's.  I give it 4 stars because the decor is off the hook!  It's the best collection of sports memorabilia in a restaurant that I have seen, and it's all been personally signed/retrieved by the owner (except for one item, I think it was the Bonds baseball).I would have given it 5 stars, but when I ordered my Petite steak, they came back 15 mins later to tell me they ran out and that i could order a very rare steak as an option (which i dont like) or I can have them butterfly a Filet Mignon.  I chose the latter and I wasn't impressed.  However everything else was excellent, especially the twice baked potatos.  They gave me a free dessert for screwing my steak up.  But , yeah.  Go for the decor, make a reservation, and enjoy yourself.
5	This is far and away my favorite steakhouse in Phoenix.  I have eaten here dozens of times with my wife, my friends, my family and even a private function I scheduled here for my sales force at our National Sales Conference.  This is my first stop with guests from out of town, and the restaurant has never done anything but exceed expectations.  The prices are far less than many of the "elite" steakhouses in town, and the steaks are on par or better.The service is impeccable.  I always request Donna, a server who has been there for many years and is a true professonal.  She knows the menu and knows her customers.  The staff goes out of their way to make you feel at home.One of the many things that I love about D&C's is the fact that they still give you a full meal with your steak.  Salad, potato and usually onion strings are all standard with the price of the steak.  You also receive a plate of chopped liver and home-made bagel chips at your table.  How refreshing in a world where salads are now $9 extras and sides are all ala carte at "top" steakhouses.My personal favorite is the bone-in ribeye, and when ordering beef at D&C's, you should always request the char-crust.  The smoky, blackened crust is a unique touch, and when topped with a roquefort butter (you also need to request this), I really dont think it can be beat.  I've had a few other entrees, but I will never order anything other than this steak again.  The others were all good, but the ribeye is in a league of its own.Some extra add-ons that you may want to try (although you really dont need them) are the Shrimp DeJonge (like a scampi but far better), baked onion soup, and creamy cole slaw.  I am serious - order the creamy cole slaw, just to try it.  It's fantastic.  The creamed spinach is also very unique.  It's not like traditional creamed spinach, more of a gratin with gooey strings of cheese.  We get it every time - I think it's about $4.Last, what more can you say about the memorabilia on the walls?  If you love sports, this is your church.  I still take the time to wander around and always find something new.  Very rarely have I eaten here and not been in the presence of some sort of sports celebrity.  Bud Selig, Mike D'Antoni and Willie Mays, just to name a few.During spring training, it will be hectic and you need to expect that.  This may be the most popular restaurant in Phoenix in the month of March.  Make reservations far in advance and you will be glad you did.
5	my favorite restaurant in the entire world.  best ribs ever.  never had a bad meal and have tried steak, ribs, fries, shrimp, & dessert.  wish we had one in DC.
3	I don't eat red meat so Don and Charlie's isn't a place I would normally find myself going to. I went Friday night for a friend's surprise 30th birthday dinner with a group of about 15. Our table was set up and waiting once the birthday guy arrived, so that was nice. As other reviews have mentioned, this place is covered in sports memorabilia and framed Sports Illustrated magazine covers. I felt like I should be in a sports bar, but nope, I was in a steakhouse. Also, my group was the youngest in the restaurant by about 25 years until a rowdy bachelor party showed up (we had 6:30 reservations).Our group was split between two tables that were next to each other and each table had a different waiter. My table definitely got the short end of the stick. A friend's girlfriend really wanted a grilled cheese kid's meal (no clue why)...when she ordered it the waitress started yelling at her and told her no she couldn't have it. She only agreed to ask a manager when the girl started crying (which is a whole other issue in and of itself). I've never ever seen a restaurant give an adult a hard time about ordering a kid's meal. It wasn't like the rest of the table wasn't ordering full meals. Strike 1.The food itself was mediocre. I had the cobb salad which was fine, but some pieces of the chicken in the salad didn't look cooked all the way, so I pretty much avoided eating most of the chicken. Three friends at my table had the ribs which none of them really seemed to enjoy. My husband had a caesar salad starter (I took a few bites and there was way too much dressing on it); the ribeye for a meal (he said it was just OK), and garlic mashed potatoes as a side, which we shared. Yuck. They had almost no flavor and congealed pretty quickly. Strike 2.After the food came our waitress was pretty much MIA and never asked if any of us wanted another drink. We couldn't even find her to order another drink. The table that had the other waiter had the same complaint that after the meals were delivered, he never asked if anyone wanted another drink. Strike 3.Overall, I was pretty disappointed in my dining experience at Don and Charlie's. My friend's mom paid for everyone's meals (sooo nice), so we didn't pay for our dinner so I know I shouldn't complain too much. My friend was quite shocked by the surprise dinner and I was among good company, so I'll be nice and round a 2.5 star experience up to 3.
4	chopped liver. its good here. i dont have any good chopped liver where i live now, so appreciate it people. they dont give you enough,but its free and when you get more its free. so ask. ive asked for 5 more chopped liver plates here and happily get them all. it may make it come faster if you ask in spanish if appropriate from your server. the ribs aint half bad. but its all about the chopped liver. yummmm.
5	Liver pate plate automatic appetizer is excellent.  Prime rib medium rare done perfectly, thick cut.  Classy calamari appetizer breaded lightly, not at all over cooked.  The servers get it and so service is excellent, with icewater served immediately, slightly esoteric requests accommodated instantly (e.g. request for an extra fork resulted in server immediately handing one from another unused placesetting at another table), pace of service timely but not rushing, and waitstaff frequently attentive.  Expensive, a fancy steakhouse for a special occasion.
4	This is a classy steak house with an expansive menu. Everything is good and the service is top notch. The calamari, chicken, salmon and steaks were all good. The portions are huge, you will be more than full and the best part is that it is not all ala carte. Good bar selection and the coleslaw and twice baked potatos were great, not to mention all the memorabilia. The only drawback to this place was that the tables are real close together and it lacks the intimate dinning experience, but it was really good and I would return for sure.
5	By now you've heard the adventures at the Rustler's Roost ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/rustlers-rooste-phoenix#hrid:_gYib8eA4hDfylSs17Zc_g ). But my adventures in Phoenix didn't end there. My BGF had been hounding me for days to find some great "Q." He was convinced that AZ would have great "Q" on every corner. Now referring back to the link above, I admit that I had a wee hangover at the time. Anyway, I'll press on. We chose this place because BGF thought that this would be the spot. I ordered the roast garlic chicken and realized with my first bite that I had died (most likely alcohol poisoning from the night before) and was now in heaven. This was the best freakin chicken that I ever tasted. Of course I'm in heaven and BGF is grousing about the "Q" not being any good. Now I've listened to this all week from him. - This Q is too Spicy - This Q is too wet - This Q won't fall off the bone - This Q doesn't have the right flavor. I'll admit it, I snapped. (And I didn't forgive him for about 2 weeks). I went up one side and down the other. If you don't like the gosh darn (loosely translated) Q in AZ, the quit ordering the Blankity Blank (translation again) stuff. Needless to say, I got quite the look from BGF and boss. Boss was actually laughing at us. Anyway, I took pity on my BGF and shared some of my chicken, and he fell in love (I don't know why, it wasn't a rooster - oops, I digress). Anyway, it was decided then and there, this is the best chicken around, hands down.
2	5 visits to Don & Charlie's and I can form an opinion finally. Well, thats not all true, I had a good opinion formed after the first visit but kept coming back because everyone sang such high praises. In all honesty, I have to wonder about the people singing praises of this place. Are they the same people that think TGI Friday's is a nice night out? Red Lobster is good seafood? A phenomenal upscale night out is Cheesecake Factory? They must be.... MUST BE.Now before you all go screaming how you are insulted because you like Don & Charlie's, hear me out. They are part of a chain of 35 restaurants called Lettuce Entertain You, cute. The other Phoenix location they own is Maggiano's Little Italy, which is always forgetful. From the moment you walk in and are coldly greeted by a teenage girl, who is only there because daddy wants her to have a job to prove she is mature enough to drive the BMW he just bought her for sweet 16, one has to wonder what they are in for. Is this going to be a fun-filled evening with wacky sports memorabilia all over the walls and fun servers? Are you going to be taken into the wacky world of Chicago/Phoenix sports history? Are you in for the best BBQ you've ever had? Hardly.Despite warnings from a co-worker whom had been prior to my visit that said the tough and dry ribs won't come off the bone despite any efforts you make, I ordered them. He was right. With me done trying to separate the meat from the bone, and giving up, I put the bone down, still covered in meat. The ribs came with a chicken schnitzel that had pretty much zero flavor, at all. Next visit dad and I both ordered Prime Rib, ate about 2/3 of it and both agreed that eating the rest just wouldn't be worth it. Another visit we ordered a shrimp cocktail, a couple of steaks, wedge salads, calamari, and a few other odds and ends. The 4 of us that night spent quite some time in the bathroom at our respective homes. The service has never been really friendly, to say the least, but usually spot on helpful. On my 5 visits, I've had 3 different servers. One, a large middle aged gentleman, is the most matter of fact guy I've probably ever encountered. Just not the personality for a server and while I understand where he is coming from, my guests thought he was downright rude. Another, an older woman, likes to slam stuff onto your table, without saying a word. I'm sorry, I expect you to be nice to me. Maybe you could be more like the *runners* at Applebee's and tell me what you are putting in front of me and ask me if I want anything else. Sad that you don't even stack up to a food runner at Applebee's, a place that I'll never give an endorsement to. Stop giving me the cold shoulder. I'm not your enemy, in fact we have never met.I understand Don & Charlie's for what it is. It is a restaurant that appeals to two crowds. One crowd is the elderly who want blander foods because they don't like the spices. I can understand that, and it's only fair they have a place to go. They go here because they know what they are going to get, have a great choice of early-bird specials, and will never get indigestion from spices. Old people tend to be incontinent anyhow, so they are likely to not notice the diarrhea they get afterward. The second group is tourists/people hosting tourists who go for the kitschy sports atmosphere, and accept that the food is less than average and or don't really care. Maybe some of these people aren't interested in quality and just think food is food. I have a buddy who swears it is the best steakhouse in town. He is also the same guy who eats Taco Bell, Applebee's, Outback, Etc. on a regular basis because they are the best places in town. There is something to be said for people with no taste buds, they are way easy to please!
3	I've eaten here last year and this is the second year. I finally am able to compare steaks to another location. I love the decoration as it's sports of all kinds. There's always something new you haven't seen before. It's the perfect place to eat and study what is around you.I had the crusted Parmesan cheese steak. I had tomato bisque and the string onions. Those are good! I had the steak and it felt like it was missing something. I'm not sure what as I don't eat steak a lot. The soup was great. It was a cup and perfect. The onion strings were good. The steak was ok. I'll always go back, but not for steak. I also wish their menu was more broad with more items to choose from.
5	I've been to Don and Charlies a number of times starting when I was very young up to a few days ago while in town visiting. Excellent Establishment, very consistent and the ribs are ALWAYS the best in town. The place is always packed and the memorabilia on the walls gets better each year! They are very generous and start you with some amazing warm rye bread with chopped liver. Every meal comes with soup, cole slaw then let you choose a potato to go along with your main course. The rib/chicken combo was out of this world and although a tad pricey is a home run! The place has a great vibe and was filled with sports goodies that anyone would love.
4	It's a ritual.  In February, hoards of people flock to Phoenix to escape the chill, play golf, watch spring training, and go to Don and Charlie's.Don and Charlie's is an institution around this area, especially during February and March.  Dine here and more than likely you'll see a big league player, manager, scout, etc.  Tonight there were some Milwaukee Brewers dining with us.This place is covered with so much sports memorabilia, you feel like you're dining in a museum.  I think the memorabilia is worth more than the restaurant, and it's definitely worth more than the food.  Expect a long wait if you come at prime time, as this place does get busy.Food - your typical upscale ribs, steak, and prime rib place.  Good but not great; the memorabilia is the main attraction here and is worthy of four stars.
5	My uncle has been telling me for years that his picture hangs right next to Ernie Banks. Naturally I told him he was full of crap. So when my other uncle flew down from San Francisco for spring training, we decided to see if he was really telling the truth. The chopped liver appetizer tray was really good considering I've never had it nor was I even remotely interested by the sound of it.  I had a salad which was good (how can you really mess up a salad.)Now I ordered the prime rib rare with fresh horseradish and a baked potato.  It was singlehandedly the best piece of red meat I've ever eaten.  Cooked to perfection (as was my wife's and uncle's steaks) just melted in my mouth like butter.  I've been to Fleming's, the Keg, and various other steakhouses, and they don't come close to this.  The horseradish was incredibly fresh with a lot more kick to it than normal.The service was excellent with a very friendly staff.  The manager was more than helpful in trying to help us locate the picture of my uncle and his baseball team from Chicago.  He narrowed down the area for us and after 3 minutes of searching, low and behold, there it was.  19 years later the picture is still there.  I will go back, and not to visit the picture, but for the great food that awaits me.
4	Shame on me for not writing a review sooner.  Dined here with three other friends during our Spring Training trip at the end of March. We had to make reservations about 2 months prior as well.  We arrived for our 6:30pm reservations and the place was packed! The bar was flowing, both dining areas were filled with people and the entry area was bustling. As we waited for our table, Muhammed Ali walked in with his wife and family members. That was a huge highlight. This place is rich with sports memorbillia and players often eat here after a game. Only odd thing was our waitress told us after that the Brewers Manager was also dining in the next room and that we could walk over there if wanted to. I am a super fan of baseball, but even I know the limits of someone's personal space. We each ordered a few appetizers, bottle of wine and some salads before our entrees. I ordered the 10 oz ribeye and it was delicous. We ordered a side of mac and cheese and it had lots of flavor.  This place is fun because of the sporting atmosphere, fans, players, coaches, etc. and it's walkable from Downtown Scottsdale. I'd definitely go back here again next year. For all the ladies, this place is a must visit for some great eye candy.
4	AMAZING!  We were in town for business/personal and local friends of our suggested Don & Charlie's..........was wonderful.  We had frog legs - I was skeptical but then I tried them and they really do taste similar to chicken, kids!My 'chicago style' steak was heaven, vegetables were cooked to perfection and the potatoes were delightful.Love it, Love it, Love it!
4	Don & Charlie's is your anti-Scottsdale-Scene place, a Chicago-based steakhouse decked out in sports memorabilia and filled with mostly middle-to-older-aged regulars. The food is consistently good, which is why we usually make it to Don & Charlie's for various birthdays or holidays. This time, it was Father's Day. Two words for you: chopped liver. It's fantastic. You could make an entire meal out of it, as it really is the best thing going here. However, then you'd miss out on their shrimp de jonghe, also the very best incarnation of this dish you'll find in the Valley. Their steaks are good but not great - nowhere near the quality of places like Mastro's or J&G - but the price is right when you factor in the sides they come with. The sides are very good - the salad with creamy garlic dressing, the cole slaw, and the potatoes au gratin are winners. The dessert selection isn't particularly exciting, but they dishes they do offer are good, from a light and tart key lime pie to a sweet, creamy banana cream pie.
4	If you love spring training baseball, this is THE place to go.  It is the fancy chop house in the heart of trendy Scottsdale where baseball fans, media and players alike go to eat.  I've been twice, and saw Bob Uecker in the hizzouse once.  The food was good, not great.  The decor, awesome - all personalized sports memorabilia from players that actually went there.  A must do for any jock-sniffer like me during Cactus League Baseball.
5	Today is a historic day (9/9/09)!  After 28 years, Don and Charlie's opened for lunch.   I was not disappointed.  They are serving lunch from 11:30am until 2p in the bar.There was a great selection of hamburgers and chicken sandwiches.  As always, the food was superb and the service (with Cooper) was even better.  The prices are more than reasonable for a big,  juicy hamburger.For the record, on this inaugural day, I had a cheeseburger with bacon and grilled onions, no bun, a few cheese fries, dill pickle and creamy coleslaw.  It does not get much better than that!
3	If you find yourself in downtown Scottsdale at lunchtime you might drop in at Don & Charlie's, the sports memorabilia paradise which incidentally serves really good steaks, chops and ribs. The main restaurant isn't open, but the lounge hosts The Burger Bar from 11:30 to 2:30 PM. The menu is small. There are a few appetizers - guacamole (not the best in town) and a Cabo style shrimp cocktail ($6.95) which I've heard is quite good. A few salads - chicken  Caesar and Mediterranean with chicken, both $8.95. They looked tasty and were quite large. And a few uninspiring sounding sandwiches.The real reason to come here is the burgers; big, juicy and cooked to order (even if the menu says differently). The basic burger is $7.95, and nine variations are listed (all $8.95), but you can create your own for the same price. Slaw is served alongside. But, get this, for $1.95 you can get a huge plate of delicious onion "strings". I don't know why they're called strings, which are often dry and overcooked. These are basically onion rings which have been cut open so they're not round (again, I have no idea why). Fries are the same price, or you can have half and half.The other reason to go to The Burger Bar is the broasted chicken. This is half a chicken  deep-fried in a pressure cooker. According to the explanation on the menu, "pressure frying seals in the flavors and seals out the oil". Ken will attest to this. The chicken was nice and crispy, not greasy and not salty. And the price was right - $9.95 for a serving size that runs at least $16 almost anywhere else. A word of caution. The chicken isn't pre-cooked (thank heavens) so it takes 20 minutes to a half hour to reach your table.There's a mini creme brulee ($1.95) for dessert. This lone little offering struck me as very funny. While you're waiting for your chicken you can walk around and look for artifacts from you favorite team. It's a fun place and a most reasonable price for lunch.
4	I'd never been here before, but it came highly recommended by Figarelli Galleries as a decent steak place, so we decided to give it a try. It was fun, and the food was pretty awesome. The service was quick and competant, and friendly enough even though we did stay a few minutes past their stated closing time... While all of us were hungry, none of us orded traditional entrees, preferring to eat appetizers instead. I had a delicious shrimp cocktail made with massive prawns, an incredible macaroni side dish that was great, and shared a coleslaw dish with a friend that we both agreed was quite good, even though neither of us arre fans of coleslaw per say... I think the overwhelming presence of carrots in the dish won both of us over. Yea, I'll come back, no problem.
2	A Rogers Park girl finds herself in Scottsdale AZ and where does she go?  Don & Charlies of course!  Wow, how exciting to walk into a place that models itself after places I grew up with.  The ambiance is second to none - the Chicago sports memorabilia is worth millions.  Totally what I had hoped.Sadly, we caught Don & Charlies at the worst possible time ever.  Our reservation apparently happened just moments after the ASU football team showed up.  It was by far the worst service I have experienced in a long time.  One of my kids fell asleep waiting for his mac and cheese.  And I couldn't get a drink to save my life.  We sent back two of seven meals - and we are not the fussy food type. I would give this restaurant a single star (because I am a sucker for Chicago memorabilia), but, I give it a second star because the manager was amazing - taking care of us even better than I could have hoped.  He was obviously embarrassed and apologetic.I will try it again and hope the other reviewers got it right.   But, couldn't justify more than a couple of stars for tonight's dinner (I didn't eat).
4	Went here for the first time for xmas dinner.  Atmosphere was very chill.  Almost felt mafiosa style at times. It is a mellow setting and very relaxing with unique music.  They also have TONS of sports related everything to keep you're eyes busy while you're enjoying your meal.  Our server was awesome, we got our food very fast and everything was excellent.  I recommend getting the 12oz filet.  It was right up there with other top shelf steak houses in the area and reasonably priced.We will definitely be going back to Don and Charlies.
5	Steaks and baseball. Baseball and steaks. That is what Don and Charlie's is known for. We were down in Arizona for Spring Training and had gone looking for great baseball eating places to go to after the games. We first went to Pink Pony and were disappointed. Then someone told us that D and C's was the new hotspot so we went there and was it ever great.It was packed inside and the walls were filled with amazing baseball items and photos. Luckily, we were seated in the VIP corner booth right in the center of all the action. Then the Mom of the owner came up and started speaking to us, she was so nice and friendly, and eventually she sat down with us and spent much of the time of our meal with us in spite of all of the hubbub going on around us.We got steaks and they were big and delicious. The potatoes were huge, the horseradish fresh and spicy hot. The entire night was terrific and the next time we return to Phoenix, we will probably go to D and C's every night because we know the food will be excellent and the service perfect.
5	I have been eating at Don and Charlies since I was about four or five, and I have yet to be disappointed.  Recently, they have made additions to the menu including the burger bar menu and they have also opened for lunch. Both good things :). My best friend, Mandy, and I went there last night for dinner...and it was fabulous. Mandy happens to work there as well, so if you go in then you should ask for Amanda. Anyhow, last night...usually when I go to D and C, I wind up getting red meat. Duh. The prime rib is to die for, as well as the Skirt Steak. However, I decided to change it up last night, and go for the Salmon. GOOD CHOICE on my part. Absolutely delicious! I also got a side of au gratin potatoes...they are so good I want to like, bathe in them or something. The manager came by the table and when I complimented the Salmon he informed me that it was just flown in fresh this morning. In fact, most all of the waitstaff came by to say hello. I mean, I know I have been going there a long time, but I still think its nice that they take a second to come and chat. So aside from the friendly waitstaff and managers, you are also presented with incredibly fresh and tasty food. My kind of place.
4	My golf group decided to take me out to dinner as a reward for having them down to Scottsdale for our winter golf trip.  One of the guys wanted to go to Don and Charlie's so that's where we ended up.We got there fairly early on a Friday night, and were able to get right in.  We were seated in a large booth and given menu's but then seemed to lose our waitress.  It was busy at the time, so we weren't upset, but we wanted to order drinks.  We finally flagged the woman that sat us, and she located a server that took our order.  She then brought us our drinks, but was so busy with other tables, that she seemed to forget us for a while.   Apparently they had a special on their prime rib that ended at 6:00 pm, and everyone wanted to order before the magic hour was reached.  But so did we - and she made it just in time. But was she ever frazzled and curt.The prime rib was wonderful, the baked potato was delicious, and the drinks were great.  I don't eat red meat that often, but I love it, and the prime rib and steaks were cooked just right - and the fresh horseradish was an extra treat. It should be noted that by the time we finished there was a line waiting to get in.  They were swamped, but they did not seem in any hurry to rush us out and free up our table.  As sports fans, we all wandered around looking at the sports memorabilia during the time we were eating, so it took us a little longer to finish than usual.  They were patient and we did not feel rushed at all.The only thing that detracted from the experience was the general commotion and noise of the crowd, and people waiting to get in.  It made it difficult to talk, so of course, we raised our voices.  And that just added to the din.But all in all, it was a great experience.
5	This Old Town landmark still serves the best ribs in the valley.  Been going here since we moved here from Chicago in the 80's.  If your from Chicago the Carson name (Don of Don & Charlie) is the definition of ribs.  After all these years we get the same quality of food and style of service we did back then.  My wife loves the chopped liver & rye you get to start the meal.  If your looking for a great steak or rack of ribs, pass on the Scottsdale giltz & fashion show you pay for at most places and head to Don & Charlies.  If your a sports fan it will be a special treat.
2	I have to start by saying this review is of my visit on this particular occasion not over it's history. This is one of my favorite places to eat in Arizona and I recommend it to everybody i know. I even brought my grandparents about a week back for a great meal. However my meal on valentines day was sub-par especially for this restaurant. As i said this is one of my favorite places and my girlfriends favorite as well as the site of one of our first dates so we figured it was the perfect spot for valentines day. We were wrong. The issues started out early on when I called for reservations and asked for what was available(this was 11am the day of as we had originally planned to be out of town) and was told 8:45pm was the earliest. I took the reservation. My girlfriend decided to check Open Table and found a bunch of tables available before then. We got one scheduled for 7:15 and i canceled mine. We arrived and it was not busy at all. Nobody standing in the lobby like normal and no wait. A couple even walked in ahead of us and was seated immediately without even being asked if they had a reservation. We were seated promptly as well. Once seat things went ok the usual chopped liver and bread came out which was good as always. Then we ordered our meals along with the Shrimp De Jogon that my girlfriend likes and wanted me to try. It took forever to come out and we only got it once our waitress looked over and saw it was not there and said let me check. She came back with it and warned that it was very hot. Which it was but sadly i think that meant it had been under the heat lamps for too long as the shrimp had become way over cooked and chewy. It was to the point the tails were hard to remove and my girlfriend even commented that there was very little sauce and what was there had dried around the shrimp. It was a $10 app that i wish I never ordered.next came our steaks. We both had the filet mine was the bigger of the two both cooked medium-rare (or at least ordered as such). Hers came out more to the rare side but not horribly and mine came out way too medium with hardly any pink in the center. The outside of mine was more charred than they normally do and the taste of the char over powered what is normally a well flavored steak. At this point we had decided to skip desert and call it a night as we had been disappointed enough.Having had a wonderful meal here less than 2 weeks before this one I really hope this was a fluke but it was a very disappointing night. I am hoping a return visit in the future will make me feel better about what is normally a 4.5 star place in my book.
4	Pretty large portions, really good barbeque sauce, and good chicken. the mini sundaes are good as well esp with the hot fudge. It's a great place to see local players during Spring Training and also check out all the baseball memorabilia on the walls. Staff is very friendly and down to earth.
2	Good drinks,, an ok service. But I have had better steak at a fast food joint. An for thoose crazy prices geeezzz you should be ashamed don an charlie!! 70 bux for two sub par steaks and salads.....No thanks.
4	Since work (if you consider covering spring training work!) brought my boyfriend and I to Scottsdale, it seemed appropriate that Don & Charlie's, this steak-filled, sports memorabilia mecca be on our list. We had reservations for 7:45, but since we were starving, we thought we'd go at 7 to see if we could get a table a little early. No way, Jose Canseco (Sorry, I felt I had to make a baseball joke, albeit a bad one). Tt was packed - so there went that thought! (note to Yelpers, make a reservation) After the hostess told my boyfriend that he smelled "delicious", we decided to hit up the bar for a few drinks and admire the floor-to-ceiling memorabilia. Time passed quickly and we were ushered to our table. We tentatively agreed to the chopped liver appetizer (complimentary) and while it didn't rock my world, it was free! We also ordered the shrimp cocktail, and for entrees, I ordered the mustard crusted salmon and he got the blue cheese crusted filet medallion tips. And because the experiences we've had at other steakhouses require you to order sides to share, we tacked on some mac n'cheese and sauteed mushrooms to our order. My eyes must've widened to the size of a 42 oz porterhouse when the waitress told us that our meal came with a few sides outside of the ones we ordered. Say what? Feeling a little overwhlemed, I downed my glass of wine and promptly ordered another. Nothing like a little alcohol-induced appetite to help you crush that much food. The food came promptly and what ensued next was sheer enjoyment of a delicious meal of food. We honestly couldn't decide who had the better entree. But while it wass too tough to compare a fish to a steak, I still think mine sqeaked through as the true dinner champion. Definitely check this place out if you're in Scottsdale - especially if you're a sports fanatic. Just don't forget to make a reservation!
3	My husband had been to Don & Charlie's 8 years ago and it was a "must go" for this Spring Training trip. We arrived at opening and there were at least 50 people waiting on a warm St. Patrick's Day, which looked like a good sign. In retrospect, we needed the Luck 'O The Irish to turn this "so so" meal into an exceptional dining experience.The food was good -- coconut prawns, french onion soup, prime rib -- and the service was warm, pleasant and fast. Actually, too fast. We felt rushed to get through each course so they could clear the table for the hoards of people waiting to get in.  It wasn't anything to write home about, but worth another shot.
2	Great memoribilia but average food. The quality of the filet mignon was very good, however all three steaks in our party were cooked incorrectly and had very little flavor.  The double baked potato was dry and bland. The ribs were pretty good, salad was ok, and onion string appetizer was ok as well. Got to say I am pretty disappointed overall. During spring training get a reservation even on Mondays.
4	We head to Spring Training almost every year and we always make it a point to have dinner here. Great atmosphere, definitely a baseball fan's paradise with memorabilia hanging all over the ceiling and walls. If you go in March, that place is super packed, it made me forget we were in a recession with the amount of people there!!!! Even with reservations, we still had to wait over 30 min for our table. Sitting at the bar area while waiting, you'll see alot of "hootchie mamas" in tight short skirts and hooker heels, probably in hopes of getting lucky with some baseball players or rich old dudes, but at least they were entertaining to look at....so if you're male and single, I highly recommend dining at the bar area.Anyhow, on to the food....you gotta ordered the blacken  ribeye!! The first bite felt like yummy goodness, it just melted in my mouth, cooked to perfection and the hint of smokiness as well as the juiciness of the meat....HEAVEN!! It also comes with twice baked potatoes and fries. Food size is ginormous so come hungry!! We tried other stuff on the menu on different occasions, and let's just say nothing compares to the ribeye. A must try place for baseball fans!
4	This is not your typical sports bar, but instead an upscale restaurant with sports memorabilia decorating every inch of every wall. The service was excellent. Strawberry Pena Colada is a must for hot days. Large portions- you get your monies worth. And if your a Giants fan- I hear they hang out here during Spring Training.
5	Every time I visit the Scottsdale area, I always make sure to hit up Don & Charlie's. While the menu is simple, what it does offer is truly first-rate. The steaks and ribs are grilled to perfection. The variety of side dishes and potato offerings is a perfect complement. The restaurant is also decorated with memorabilia from spring training of years past and makes this restaurant a unique venue in the Valley.
4	Classic American Steakhouse with a baseball twist! I have been a patron at Don & Charlie's since 1985 and has earned a status as one of legendary valley eateries. This famed spring training hangout is not just for the snowbirds or baseball fans in the spring. I have had some of the best meals during the summer season when the hype of spring training has faded. Amongst the vast collection of baseball memorabilia is a great steakhouse. I have had a lot of fantastic meals and a few not so fantastic meals. Bottom line is that if something wasn't prepared to my liking the management and staff have been trained to please the customer. For that reason I will be a lifelong patron at Don & Charlies! Don Carson and his staff have hit a "grand slam!"
4	Yeah Im a BIG FAN.  This place is great for getting a bite to eat like a burger or ribs.  I have gone to this place for many years and I always leave satisfied.  The wait staff is great and they bring out a complimentary chopped liver platter that is so good, and don't knock it till you try it. I would bring family here or if your a sports fan and with a couple buddies thats good.Sign up for there rewards program and you will get emails giving deals.  During Suns games and other sports events burgers at the bar for like 8 bucks and for you birthday they give you a 25 dollars off for spending 50.Recommendation:  To anyone that likes good stakes and burgers, and has a craving for awesome fries, copped liver, and good service.
4	I have been here a 1000 times.  Literally.  My grandparents loved this place and we used to go once a month.  The food is super consistent and the spicy BBQ sauce is the best I have ever had.  Don And Charlies is Chicago style BBQ located in the desert..Killer food and the help is always super nice.  Every time I go back to AZ, I go here.  It rules.
5	I'm from Chicago and a friend recommended this place. In a word WOW. We made reservations so had no problem being seated. Christine our waitress was incredibly attentive, and knowledgeable and suggested items due to my food allergies. I loved all the memorabilia, felt like I was back home the minute I walked through the door. Both my friend and I had steaks. We agreed it was probably the best steak we've had in a long time. Cooked to perfection everything from beginning to end was delicious. Portions are large and I could not finish my meal. I will definitely be back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	I'm sitting here at work, on yelp, and I realized that I still haven't written a review for Don & Charlie's, and for the life of me I'm not sure why. Actually, when I first started posting reviews on here I was going to write a review for D&C's right away even though I no longer live in AZ and it had been awhile since I was last there. Well, I was in AZ a few weeks ago for my birthday and came here for dinner. Oh...I guess I should probably mention, every birthday since my early teens (I'm now 30) has been celebrated at Don & Charlie's with the exception of maybe 1 or 2 when I wasn't in AZ on or around the time of my b-day. So with that you can probably see why I'm giving this place five stars. The funny thing is for as often as I've been here (and there have been plenty of times other than my birthday) I've always ordered the SAME thing...BBQ ribs & chicken (I actually think for that "last meal" question on my yelp profile this is my answer). I'll mix it up from time to time though and sometimes get a twice baked potato and other times gratin. I also LOVE there salads that come with all meals. I guess there's nothing really all that special about them, but there balsamic is fantastic! Usually when we come here we get the spinach-artichoke dip for an appetizer, which is creamy & delicious!  Also, since I'm usually here for my b-day they give you this delicious sundae with vanilla ice cream that's encased in nuts, fudge & hard chocolates.  It's Sooooo good! The service here is impeccable! For soft drinks they actually give you a carafe for each person (I wish they did this for alcoholic beverages ;). One thing that was really cool when I was here the last time was this deal they had going on where they had $15 bottle of chardonnay & Cabernet!  We had a couple bottles of each...why not at that price! Don & Charlie's really is a place I can go on and on about, but at the end of the day I'd pretty much just be reiterating how great it is, so I'll just stop here :) If you like BBQ, steaks & fish...GO!
2	This place has gone so downhill it's almost sickening. I have been a loyal Don and Charlie's customer since the mid 80's and the changes in the pricing, platter size, and overall quality of food is mind blowing. Since when did they start charging for salads and au gratin potatoes??? The shrimp and ribs seemed to have shrunk in size, but the price remains the same. I just don't get it. Needless to say the last 2 times I have been here the experience was less than stellar. Don't think I will be coming back for a bit. Thanks for all the great food in the past though, just wish you guys hadn't changed.
4	So I left Arizaona a few months ago and forgot to write a review of my favorite restaurant.   We take all our friend who come in from out of town here, especially any Sports fans.   The food is as good as any high end Steak House that we've been to throughout the country.  The sports memorabilia is amazing, we've recently moved to AZ and have gone here a half dozen times and still haven't seen everything that Don has collected over the years.   For a good time this is a great place to enjoy your favorite piece of beef.
5	Do you like meat? Feel like checking out the most legendary restaurant known to the spring training crowd? You've found it. Don and Charlies was a part of my growing up. Beginning in a booster seat and now as an adult, I've spent many nights enjoying the food and atmosphere at Don and Charlie's. When you walk in, the walls are stocked with pictures of those who've visited over the years as well as some classic memorabilia. The low ceilings give it the feeling of a members-only club. It's Old Arizona to the tee and on most nights, it'll have a wait list out the door of the old timers. I love it here. It could be the memories, the great All-American food, the fact that I had my first date here with my now fiance, the pitchers of diet coke they provide or just the vibrant environment and character...but whatever it is, I'm happy every time I walk inside. Like I said, it's solid All-American cookin' like BBQ chicken, great tender beef or pork ribs that fall right off the bone, awesome steaks, mouthwatering au gratin potatoes and the list goes on and on. Start with a Cesar salad, order their famous BBQ ribs for dinner, accompany it with Au Gratin potatoes and finish the meal with a Goldbrick Sundae. Whether you're in town for spring training or you're just up for a going out to dinner, I suggest giving Don and Charlie's a try. This place shouldn't be just an old timer hot spot. I am no old timer and I still enjoy my visits.
5	My family has been coming here for over 10 years. Both of my sisters used to work here at one stage, and one of the waitresses - Mary - has been there over 25 years! The ribs are what they're known for and by golly they're good. It seems that they've changed their menu a bit as far as what was once included with the meal are now extra charges. But you have to get the twice baked cheddar potato. Is it worth it you ask? Well...let's just say we had to order a SECOND one because it was mind blowingly good. *drool* The bread and bagel chips were amazing as always and the ribs well, the ribs speak for themselves.We've always had great service and food here and this time was no exception. Mary recognized us and told our waitress about us (well, ok, my sisters, not me) and they threw in a free dessert - for all of us. We were there for my Dad's Bday so he was already getting one - but we all ordered something different and nibbled the night away.
5	This is one of the first places I think I've ever eaten at in Arizona, and after all these years, I keep coming back. If you're from the Chicago area, you've gotta give it a try. Don Carson took what worked in the windy city, and brought it to the valley. The place is decorated with all sorts of sports gear, but you don't feel like your in a sports bar. It definitely has a classy vibe to it. The menu is pretty extensive for a rib spot. And there's always a good chance you may catch a pro athlete or two having dinner at Don and Charlie's (especially during Spring Training). The ribs are fantastic. Not the best I've ever had, but there sure is no reason to complain. They're a little messy, but there's not too much sauce on them. Every meal comes with creamy or deli coleslaw and a potato or broccoli. Just enjoy. It's wonderful food!
5	Iv'e been going to Don and Charlies for years and it is always consistently been quite good.  Last night I had the baby back ribs.  I order them well done and they are moist yet crispy.  The sauce is a little sweet and a little spicy.  Coleslaw creamy style and the twice baked are home runs!  Don't forget to ask for the chopped liver and rye bread, it is the best I've had.  The chicken snitzle is a good option if you want to try something new.  If you get take out check your bags...things seem to get left off.
4	Really good barbeque and steaks in an old school setting decorated with baseball memorabilia. The service was tight also which is always a big plus. The food is definitely artery clogging, so i'd reccomend it only once-in-awhile. They have some great price points in here modest wine list. Oaky cabernet sauvignon for beef and go for a zinfandel for the barbeque. For the prices, you can't go wrong!
2	Why is this place still here?Dust off the nostalgia and baseball memorabilia, cuz that's the ONLY reason you should eat here.  The service is pedestrian, the place is stuffy and the food just meh.  And the wine list!  For a steak house, I'd expect something more than 10 grocery store selections listed on the back of the menu.  Yes, the BACK of the food menu!  Let's see...I'll take the Kendall Jackson Cab for $40.  If you're going to bend me over on wine prices, at least let me pick something that isn't on sale at Basha's!  With so many better food options in Scottsdale, why is this place still here?
5	I'm a fan!  Maybe it's because I'm from Chicago and Carson's Ribs was a favorite of mine.  I've had great steaks and ribs from here and believe it or not, their mustard crusted salmon is one of my favorite fish dishes anywhere.  I wish their au-gratin potatoes were a little cheesier though.  My favorite thing about Don and Charlie's is the complimentary chopped liver plate they serve before your meal.  Chopped liver is served with chopped egg and onion and is the best I've had here in AZ.  I always get an extra 1/2 lb to take home.If you come here during spring training expect the place to be jam packed and rowdy.  You'll probably see more than a few baseball players here also.  It's not the place to come for a leisurely dinner in March.  Other times of the year it's not so bad, and it's easier to wander around and take in all the baseball memorabilia.  It really is like a baseball museum!
4	A surprise when we sat down when they bring the complimentary chopped liver.  The steaks and meats are great.  The fish was a little over cooked, but they were really nice about bringing us a filet instead, which was excellent. Desserts were nice too, and the hors devours were good.  The wedge salad is a classic steakhouse favorite and recommended.
2	I hadn't been back in years but it was the only restaurant open on Christmas in Scottsdale.  They draw a strong appeal for sports fanatics and they have baseball, football, etc. paraphernalia on every inch of every wall & ceiling. We opted for the bar area so we could watch the NFL xmas game that evening.  Our server was nice and she was good.  The best thing I liked was the bread w/ pate.  I love pate so this was a treat for me.  I ordered the Cobb Salad to share - it was a good portion.  The server was kind to bring me 2 salad dressing options.  My other half had the BBQ Ribs w/ Coleslaw and Mashed Potatoes.  He thought it was decent but I didn't have a bite of either.  It's definitely on the pricer side for what you get but hey I can't complain - I was able to eat dinner on Christmas!
5	I live in Prescott (1 hour 45 mins. away) and eat here everytime I come to the Valley. Not only have I driven down just to eat here, but I have been known to make up reasons why I have to go the valley, just for an excuse to eat here! The chopped liver and rye bread are to die for. Lucky for me, I am the only one in my family that likes the liver. :) Their steaks are the BEST! I asked why my sirloin cuts like a filet and is so tender...I was told that their meat is prime. That explains that. The prices are fabulous for the quality and the portion sizes. I have never ever finished a meal. 16 oz parmesan crusted sirloin with all of the trimmings for $23.95!! I Also have to mention the mac and cheese. The best ever, so cheesy.Since I LOVE dessert, I never miss one here. I have had them all. My favorites are the banana cream pie and anything with the hot fudge. (I have been known to buy some to take home.) Service is always top notch.ENJOY!
2	We ate here because the arranger for a family reunion picked it.  It is a typical upscale American restaurant. Very underspiced for my taste, which runs to Indian, Chinese, Thai and Middle Eastern. I had baby back ribs. The ribs were high quality but the sauce was not spicy.  Pouring a lot of Tobasco sauce on it helped only somewhat.My broccoli had no spices whatsoever, altho it is was overcooked as in most American restaurants. My wife would give her BBQ salmon two stars.American cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt, fat and sugar.
4	Went here on a recomendation from an older gentleman I met on an airplane on my way into Phoenix-Never heard of it before that or had any certian expectations-It was a really neat, authentic place-There is only one thing to order here...PRIME RIB-excellent-(Lets put it this way I took a picture of it and would post it if I could)...Saw several sports legends around the place and they were very friendly and approachable-An absolutely incredible amout of nostalgic memoribilia-has a cozy, authentic atmosphere-The service is just enough-Not exceptional but they dont do anything to detract from the experience-If your a sports fan its a must go-You could spent and hour just walking around and appreciating the collection-If you are simply going for an exquisit, high end steak house where they will "wine and dine you"  tell your wife how lovely she is, and compliment you till your ears bleed...this is not the place-Not your typical "stuffy" steakhouse-Its just genuine, authentic, authentic people with the old Chicago style feel!
4	I  went here Saturday night with a party of 8.  The place was packed as per usual during spring training season but luckily we made a reservation.  They were able to seat us about 30 mins early so that was awesome.  The place does get pretty crowded so be prepared.* Don's Iceberg Wedge = very good but pretty standard as far as wedges are concerned.  It wasn't anything special.* Mumsie's Chopped Steak = this thing is awesome.  It is a full pound of meat mixed with pepper and onions.  It was juicy and delicious.  I couldn't even eat 1/2 of it so I took the rest home.  This is definitely a meal to share.  The fries that came with were excellent and seemed to be pretty fresh.The ambiance is pretty neat even though I couldn't care less about all that sports crap they have everywhere.  Our waitress was pretty good, was fast and friendly, and didn't mess anything up given the large size of our party and how busy the place was that night.  Oh and the highlight of my meal was that the waitress left me with a large crafe of diet coke right off the bat.  It is almost like she knew I would be constantly bugging her for refills.Although my wife says getting any of the steaks here would be a waste of money and wouldn't be as good as going to "a real steak place", I still would like to give them a shot because most of them sound delicious!  Anyway, it was an excellent meal and I can't wait to return.
1	Have lived in North Scottsdale for 20+ years.  Don and Charlies used to be good.  About 10 years ago, the service sucked so we never went back til last Friday.  The service sucked again.  Will never return.  It was the 1st time in years that we actually stiffed the waitress (we almost always tip 20%).  And the food was marginal at best.  We are not "chain restaurant" eaters and feel like we know a good restaurant.  This is not it any more.
2	Came here on Christmas eve because of all the hype. The price is an upsale restaurant, but the food is mediocre and the atmosphere is like a musty old sports bar. I didnt think anything was great about the place. Reminded me of a cafeteria. There are far better restaurants in the valley for the price.
5	I grew up in the north suburbs of Chicago, and on Carson's Ribs. So, when we started vacationing in Scottsdale, we found Don & Charlie's! Carson's Ribs in Arizona...couldn't be any better! Great atmosphere (steakhouse fancy surrounded by sports memorabilia), GREAT service (your water glass will never get less than 3/4 full) and GREAT food!!!  Whether you're visiting the Phoenix area or you live here, Don & Charlie's is a restaurant you definitely can't miss!!!
4	Fun, reasonably priced place for ribs & steak.   Great sports memorabilia too!The complimentary chopped liver with an assortment of breads and chopped egg and onion was a great start.   Then we both had baby back ribs and potatoes au gratin, after sending back a twice baked potato that tasted like it had sat in the fridge for a couple days before being warmed up, but they graciously swapped it for a 2nd au gratin which was great.Wine list is pretty basic, but reasonably priced.  We had the Kenwood "Jack London" Zin for $31 - went well with the BBQ.
5	This place gets it right from the moment you walk in the door. Signed baseballs jerseys and bats by legends on the wall, a friendly host to greet you and when you sit down they ask if you want free chopped liver. It comes with bits of egg and onion, warm rye bread and bagel chips. Our waiter, Jeff, was friendly and attentive, even lending us his flashlight to read an old newspaper story in the rafters. The cream of mushroom soup made from scratch was superb. Our mains were baby back ribs, the specialty of the house, cooked perfectly with a flavorful sauce. The 'broasted' chicken was to die for: moist and juicy with a crispy outer skin. The fries were piping hot, as they should be. And the portions are beyond generous.We topped it off with key lime pie, light and tasty, an ideal complement to the meaty mains. And the bill was under $60, an amazing deal. As a bonus, some of the players drop in during spring training.
4	This place is SOOOOO COOL! There is a ton of memorabilia from all sorts of sports and teams all over! It was crazy busy when we went on Saturday (mainly bc it's spring training and they are big supporters of the Giants). We didn't stay to have drinks but we got to walk around (food looked great from what I saw on people's tables as I tried to squeeze in to see the autographed baseballs). We were really lucky this weekend when we got there, because Willie Mays was there doing a charity autograph signing, and we were also able to get right next to the Giant's world series championship trophy on its traveling tour. The two women who were guarding it were really nice, and let us take pics with it and look at it up close. We just couldn't touch it, which is fine. I want to come back here during non-Spring Training season, because it was way too packed over the weekend, and it looked like it would take 2hrs to get seated to eat.
5	Food was great and Gina was awesome! She was such a great help! :)
5	Had heard so very much about this place and missed it on my last trip to Spring Training, so just had to get there.  Amazingly popular.  People were lined up at 3:30 for the 4:30 opening.  Even with a long line the check-in was quick and we were soon seated.The serving staff is top notch.  Friendly, not pushy, even though you know people are waiting for your table.  The manager went out of his way to take care of one of our dining group who wasn't 100% happy with her meal.  She was fine but the manager insisted on making things right. SO impressive.  The food was fantastic. Most of us got the ribs and twice baked potatoes.  The walls of this place are a must see for sports fans.I will for sure return to this restaurant on my next Spring Training trip.Thanks for living up to your reputation as a MUST VISIT.
4	What a cool place...Shelley, the bartender, is amazing!  She truly makes you feel at home at this bar.  The locals are extremely nice and we had some great conversations.  The atmosphere is a sports fan's heaven!
4	I have been coming to Don and Charlies for six or so years now and have never had a bad experience. I like it here a lot. The ambiance is just different at D&C, it's upscale but it doesn't take itself too seriously. You could easily spend hundreds on some of the best steaks and ribs you've ever had, but you'll never feel out of place or judged. The sports memorabilia all over the walls is cool even for a guy like me who doesn't care much, it's still rad to look around and think of all the history.    The food at D&C is plain killer. You can't go wrong starting with the simple but tasty onion strings or the baked artichoke dip, while neither is a creative masterpiece, they are done right. I'm also a sucker for a wedge salad and they have a good one with house made creamy garlic dressing. Now, I can totally recommend the coconut fried shrimp, they are tender and bursting with flavor, and the marmalade sauce adds a wonderful tang to it, but you come to D&C for the steak and ribs. I have tried most of the ribs and can only say get them. All of them. Just order one of everything, you will eat every bite of the tangy, juicy and tender but not too tender meat. If you aren't a big rib fan, then you only have one other choice, my favorite thing on the menu, the regular cut prime rib... it is perfect. Freaking perfect. Put it on your bucket list and add a twice baked potato. Period.   Don and Charlies is a red blooded American restaurant, meat, booze and sports are everywhere, and it's a blast. Throw in the amazing food and nothing but the classiest service and I dare you not to have a fantastic evening.
5	Great place to have some Chicago Style Baby Back Ribs!
5	I have been coming to don and charlies for just under 4 years. I do not make it as much as I would like but when I get the chance it is always a very enjoyable experience. The steak is always cooked to perfection and I have recently fallen in love with the spicy broasted chicken. It is the perfect combination of crispy and juicy. I would love to shake the hand of whomever created this fabulous meal. I have only sat in the dining room a handful of times but the atmosphere is very light but also extremely inviting. I have sat in the lounge or at the bar for most of my visits. As a sports fan there is always a game to be watched and they almost always have the game I want to watch on. The service staff is extremely attentive and have never had an empty glass in all the times I have visited. If you have not been to don and charlies now is for sure the time to go. If you haven't been back in a while what are you waiting for?? Don and charlies gets a 5 star rating from me. Can hardly wait until my next visit.
5	Not much to say here, but if you love sports and have not been here GO.During Spring Training or weekends, make a reservation or be disappointed.  They have an incredible collection of sports artifacts, allow an hour plus to just look around.  The food is straight-forward mid-west steakhouse and the meat is exceptional quality.  Forget the fish and vegetables, this is a steakhouse.No pretension here, don't embarrass yourself if you see Hall of Fame athletes (any sport) or celebrities at the next table.  Take a cab, parking is limited and the Scottsdale PD doesn't tolerate DUI.  You'll have more than a few cocktails between dinner and checking out the vintage pictures, jerseys and autographs.
4	We ate there last night and were very pleased our meals and service.  The ribs were especially good.  We would go back again.
4	I had the broasted chicken, which was MARVELOUS.  Tender, juicy, not too much crunch but enough, not greasy at all.  This chicken is among the best fried bird I have ever tasted.  It was by far the star of the show.The sides were not bad, but were merely unremarkable. The creamy coleslaw was just bland, the salad was forgettable, the fried onion strings were certainly decent but not the best I've had.The service was stellar, and a couple of times "manager-looking" people strode by and asked me how everything was going.  Servers who were not even mine spoke to me in a friendly manner.Nice experience. Go check it out.
5	When I moved to the Valley of the Sun 15 years ago I went to the Concierge at the Phoenician -then the best hotel in town- and asked him, "who has the best Prime Rib in town?"  His answer, "Don and Charlies."  Next question: "who has the best BBQ Ribs in town?"  His answer, "Don and Charlies."  That was 15 years ago and since then, it has been my benchmark for every steakhouse I go to.  Don Carson knows his business well, no question and when you go there, he is usually wandering around the restaurant visiting with guests and keeping an eye on the place. I've not had anything bad there, ever, and I think I've pretty much tried everything on their menu. If you want good steak, prime rib or ribs.  Go here.  You won't be disappointed.
4	Came here when I was working spring training in Scottsdale.  I love the ambiance and decor in this place.  It is a nice little private restaurant that has both lounge, bar, and dining areas.  The decor is amazing.  It must have taken the owners a while to compile such an extensive amount of decorations.  I love the food.  From the burgers to the desserts even to the liver and onions they give you before hand, this place is amazing. it ROCKS. The liver and onions is actually what kept me coming back! Drinks are moderately priced and very fair as far as portions.Service is where I would have to knock down one star.  The busser, waiter, and bartender was awesome.  As well as the manager in charge or owner that was there when I went.  He remembered me both days that I came in and greeted me with so much kindness.  The hostesses however are not the most fabulous thing.  They are cluttered in a corner when you walk in. No greeting whatsoever.  They just look at you as if you were suppose to greet them.  My first time here I did not know whereI was going, what it would be like, etc.  I was recommended to go here by my friend who plays baseball.  Right when I walk in, I made a quick left into the bar area because the hostesses that were there did not say a single word to me, look at me, or acknowledge that a customer had walked in.  After making a left into the bar area and taking a seat at an empty table with NO reservation sign, the hostess hunts me down and says "you can not sit there.  This is NOT self seating. you need to wait your turn to be seated."  The place was pretty empty, the table was not reserved, and there was no one in the foyer waiting when I came in.  I walked back and had the hostess seat me in the EXACT same spot where I was sitting originally. Other than that little incident I absolutely LOVE don and Charlies.  The food is great, the decor is spectacular and the service is awesome minus that one little glitch... ehhh, it happens.
3	I've been here many times... I used to come her when I was a kid. I went here tonight with my Mom as we had a gift card. It was alright.... I got a chicken caesar salad, which is tasty, but not the best salad ever. The portion size is huge! I also got a twice baked potato, which is the best thing here, in my opinion. My mom got a burger, which she enjoyed. We got the onion strings, and they weren't great but not bad. So overall, this place is just ok and a little over priced.
4	I went back here last night with my mom as last time we went my mom asked for half of her burger in a doggie bag and when she got home it wasn't in the bag, so my mom called and talked with Chris who is the manager (?), and he was so sweet and told her to come back and he'd give her another burger on the house. So we went, we got the coconut shrimp, which aren't like I remember them from when I was a kid, but I liked them and I normally don't like shrimp at all. I ordered a double baked (droool.... this is the best item at this restaurant.... all bacon -y and delicious and a house salad which was just ok, but what do you expect, it's a house salad. We also got a slice of chocolate cake that comes with fudge.... the fudge... mmmmmmmm sooooo good! That was definitely a good choice. Chris really went the extra mile to give us really good customer service and we really appreciate that. I guess that is what makes this restaurant stand out.
4	I was here recently for the first time in several years.  The baseball memorabilia is fantastic.Sitting in the bar is the way to go.  Chopped liver and great bread to start out.I pretty much always get the prime rib.  It's really good with the creamy horseradish.  A salad and a baked potato is all you need for a complete food coma.So good but I can't eat like this too often.
5	This is one of my favorite places in all of Phoenix. Food is incredible. Atmosphere is great- tons of sports memorabilia and autographs of the celebrities and athletes who have dined here. Apps very good. We had onion strings and spinach/artichoke dip. Ribs are amazing- get them "Don's way" (charred and no extra sauce)This is the place I take my out of town guests for a fun, casual, great meal and conversation.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place after viewing the resteraunt week menu and decided to give it a shot. We got there and at first the service was a little rude but luckly for some reason we ended up with a new server who was fantastic! Riley was his name, The portions are HUGE and the food was very tatsy.I had the bbq ribs I'm kinda a bby snob and was very pleased perfect amount of sauce and the ribs were good melted in my mouth yum!!! The twice baked potatoe was amazing and the fried onion straws delic, I cant wait to go back. Fun louid atmoshphere good for dates get togethers and large parties. Portions are Huge you defanitly won't leave hungry here.
4	Loved it. Went for restaurant week ...you received a full portion not just a taste. Great place!
3	In the old days, one could go to Don and Charlies and cash in on their "early bird" dinners, and literally fill up with prime rib, salad, and au gratin potatoes for about $20. Today, the early bird, known as "Six by Six" , has returned, but the salad is extra (and smaller than it used to be), the au gratin's are extra (not thoroughly cooked) and the prime rib was delivered to our table medium-well done (we ordered medium). I used my groupon and was excited to return to Don and Charlies, but we were disappointed in the meal. We each had a glass (okay, I had two) of pinot noir, and how a restaurant doesn't know that red wine does indeed need to be chilled is beyond me. Adding ice cubes to red wine is intolerable, but had to be done to be drinkable.  Still, this is an old Scottsdale establishment, and I love the feeling of returning to the old days. If only the food was as good as then...
1	I can't believe the great reviews this place gets. I think its reputation among people who actually care about good food was summed up by two separate concierges at our 5-star hotel when I told them we hadn't liked Don & Charlies: "WHO SENT YOU to Don & Charlies????" Its listing as a "steakhouse" and reviews referring to it as "steakhouse" or "chop house" leads you to believe this is going to be of a Flemings or Ruths Chris caliber, but it's absolutely nothing like that. Not. Even. Close.I was with friends who are not foodies and don't go out nearly as much as I do, and even they were completely baffled why anyone would recommend it. I guess if you like (love) baseball you might enjoy going in just for the museum aspect. They certainly have a lot of balls (heh) and photos from the 70s. Nothing, including the cooking techniques, has been updated since then.We had reservations and were seated promptly in the dining room -- two tables away from a large party celebrating the birthdays of a couple of small children. We immediately asked to be moved and were quickly and graciously relocated to the bar. This was fine with us, and actually was a bonus for one of our party since she had a burger from the bar menu which was the only edible meal.I ordered a pomegranate margarita which was undrinkable -- too syrupy and sweet. Others had the prickly pear margarita and they said that drink was ok.First out was the chopped liver which none of wanted so we sent it back. We had a spinach dip appetizer which was ok. I had a caesar salad, nothing special, the rest had the vinegar cole slaw which was deemed by all to be good but nothing special.Then came the entrees. The gal who had the burger was the only happy one, but the "onion strings" that came with it were a joke. Gloppy strings of over-fried dough that looked to have sat out for awhile before being served. Four people had the famous ribs and proclaimed them to be dry, meatless, and impossible to eat. I had the filet trio with three different "crusts." The little blobs of meat were dry and flavorless, and the "crusts" were just dabs of some kind of mixture that added nothing to the meat. The only one I got any flavor from was the dijon mustard one, and that was kind of overwhelming. The twice-baked potatoes were huge, but so dry and tasteless.This is the kind of food that was considered gourmet back in the 60s I suppose, but they seriously need to update things. I've been to throwback type places that at least serve good food. The concierge told me, politely, that they would only send their "over 60" clientele there, and then she said, "But I'm practically a senior citizen myself and I don't like it AT ALL."This is a place you can definitely afford to miss.
5	Great bbq ribs and prime rib. Attentive service. Terrific baseball memorabilia everywhere you look.
4	I went to Don & Charlie's last weekend with my wife's family.  I'd been plenty of times before, but the last was...oh, let's say 1985-ish. I was worried that it wouldn't live up to my memories.  Fortunately the place doesn't look like it has changed since "We are the World" was tearing up the pop charts and the food hasn't either, in a good way.First, the chopped liver is a must. They'll ask if you want it, just say yes, even if you think you don't like liver.  I think I don't like liver and I can tell you that I'm mistaken.  I had the fish of the day (Mmmm. That sounds good, I'll have that.); halibut, broiled.  My wife had prime rib, rare and we both had the Au Gratin.  We demolished it all and wished that there were more.  There wasn't.  So we had a hot fudge sundae and key lime pie for dessert.  This was the only minor disappointment. The sundae was good but the hot fudge they serve it with was nearly cold. The key lime pie was a little mild for my taste.  Give me my fudge hot and my pie bold, I always say (I've never said that).Don & Charlie's is an old standby for a reason, so go check them out.  Or drop back in if the last time you visited was for your post Hands Across America party.
4	Prime rib was fantastic, calamari was also very good, my friend had ribs and a salad, the meat was flavorful but not fall off the bone. Price point is a little high but i wouldn't hesitate going again. no tank tops
4	I went with my family to Don and Charlie's this week to celebrate my father's birthday and my parent's anniversary. It was a Thursday evening so it was not very busy but I happened to see everyone's favorite sheriff , Joe Arpaio, sharing a meal with some friends. To be safe, reservations are recommended.The food was spectacular. They serve chopped liver with bread. The bread was delicious; the liver, eh, not my favorite. My dad though couldn't get enough of it. We ordered prime rib, BBQ chicken and ribs. Everyone was very much satisfied. For dessert, we shared creme brulee. Just loved the entire meal!For the most part, the service was great. Even the bus boys were very polite and helpful throughout the meal. Our server ever offered us two free desserts because we were celebrating two occasions! My only complaint was when I ordered a cheese burger, our server told us burgers could only be ordered in the bar... but it was on the menu. Shortly after we got our food, the table next to us, had a burger delivered to their table!!! Then a burger was delivered to Sheriff Joe's table too! What the heck!?!? I was very satisfied with my order but they need to get that burger situation figured out because it looked damn good and next time I go, I want the damn burger! haha
2	We went on Friday night to Don and Charlie's with some friends.  We didn't have a reservation so the wait was quite long, which really wasen't a big deal because I knew the wait would be long.The owner saw that we we had been waiting so he found a table for us.The problem was the waitress was quite busy and when we ordered our food she assumed that we would be sharing so she had everything split.  We asked numerous times for ketchup and she kept forgetting.  The biggest problem I had was that I ordered ribs.  They were so dry that I had to pour lots of sauce over them.  Earlier that night the ASU football team was there, I think they cooked a ton of ribs and had extras that they didn't use, so then they served those to us.  They were the worst ribs I have ever had!I do love the decor and maybe the food would be better at another time.
2	Took my daughter 'cause I had a Groupon.  I had the BBQ ribs and my daughter had the prime rib.   I can't say the ribs were anything spectacular.  In fact, it tasted quite ho hum and there was barely any meat on the bones.  My daughter's prime rib was anything but great.  No au jus and the creamy horseradish had waaaayyyy too much cream and barely any horseradish.   The bus boy was trying to wisk our dishes away before my daughter was even done eating.  Was that a hint that there were more paying customers out there and they needed our table???  He came back two more times trying to take away our dishes before we were done.  Someone needs to teach the bussers how to bus!  Having "saved" $20 by using the groupon and spending over $70, not worth it at all.
4	I knew it was going to be good when our group arrived on a Saturday afternoon at 435pm only to find we were early and no one was around. But by 5pm opening time there were quickly 10 others at the door waiting to get in and I thought how did they sneak by?!? Well we were actually waiting in the lot at our car so no biggie.Great recommendation from a good friend from Mayo Scottsdale. Great sporting decor, warm ambience. Came again with kids (2 two year olds, an eleven year old and one thirteen year old) and a few adults.Ribs, chicken, fish (Mahi mahi), potatoes, fries, broccoli all made with care with quality ingredients and quite tasty. A little expensive but I think it was worth it given the quality of food and the excellent service. Even the childs portions were a good value given the portions. I ordered prime ribs which isn't on the menu but is indeed the prime ribs after the steak portion has been cut off. You have to get there early to get this and only by request since again, it isn't on the menu. Cool.
1	WHATS WITH THE CONSTANT ........... Raising the menu prices ?????If the practice of "Comping" athletes and a particular Elite Group (see link)ended, you'd be ABLE TO LOWER PRICES.http://www.yelp.com/biz/championship-dining-experience-for-elites-at-don-and-charlies-scottsdaleHave you lost sight of the fact ........ that this will PISS customers off ?Recent diners will, pass this info along ....... to Family & Friends'.Will I, still eat at D & C ......... YES, when I have a coupon or Groupon,as I did this Evening ......otherwise NEVER !! Its obvious  business must be suffering ...... has you're doing Groupon, quite often.This is always an indication, that an established restaurant, is experiencing a decline in revenue (probably due to frequent price increases).Folks' wait for a $40 Groupon coupon (purchased for $20).$24.95 for a full slab of Baby Back Ribs, last night .... is ABSURD.         You just raised the PRICE AGAIN .....use to be $22.95There was available seating the entire Evening .... HMMMM, wonder why ??P.S.    5 years ago, the Baby Back Ribs were OUTSTANDING.               Through the past 5 years, they've slipped each year.                     It's time to clean up the appearance, both inside & out.                            How much further, are you going to go, before a Rehab ????           ***Remember "Comping", doesn't improve the bottom-line,  UNLESS SOMEONE ELSE IS PAYING FOR IT.***
5	This place rocks!  Decked out wall to wall with authentic sports memorabilia and pictures of the celebs who have stopped by, it has a great cozy feel.  Their bartender, Shelly is world class.  Don, a managing partner, was nothing but gracious and hospitable and readily offered conversation.  The rest of the staff were all friendly and  worked well as a team. The food was outstanding.  I had the prime rib which was perfect and a jumbo twice baked potato that was spot on.I will certainly be back!THANKS DON!
4	Had a great dinner this past week at Don & Charlie's and actually got to meet one of the owners. So cool.  Anyways, the food was really good. My favorite was the chopped liver appetizer (only regret is I ate it so fast and wanted more - it was that GOOD) and the filet mignon I had for dinner. The Caesar salad had a little too much dressing on it so next time will ask for a little lighter but nothing near drowning in dressing worthy of being sent back.The atmosphere is really comfortable and not like a stuffy steakhouse I have seen at other higher end locations.  Lots of cool sports memorabilia on the walls. If in the downtown Scottsdale area and craving good steak, ribs, etc. Definitely check out Don & Charlie's. You won't be disappointed.
4	This place is decorated very nicely.  Lots of sports collectors items, but still gives off the feel of a nice, expensive restaurant (but it certainly is expensive).My prime rib was very good.  The broccoli side was just a broccoli, not cut up, and steamed.  If I were to do it again I'd go for a potato side.
4	It is a pricey place to eat, but it is very tasty.
4	Fun atmosphere and very good service. We liked all of the sports memorabilia. Our server was very attentive, friendly, and patient. The busboys were also very attentive and friendly. We especially were glad to have been given good service even though we did not order any beverages (you'd be surprised at how many servers are rude to us after they discover that we won't be ordering alcohol).Food was good! We enjoyed: the bread, sweet and sour cabbage soup, caesar salad, baby back ribs, salmon, mashed potatoes, and creme brulee. The chopped liver at the beginning of the meal was also a nice bonus!Only cons would be that the french fries were mundane. Also, we were a little confused about what was a part of the meal (sides, soups, etc), what was an upcharge, what we couldn't add, etc. It wasn't outlined on the menu, and our server had to explain a couple of times.The manager came by after to ask how everything was. Very nice!
2	I've never paid so much to be so disappointed in my life.This was my dad's Christmas present this year. It's ALL he wanted. After we showed up for our RESERVATION we waited another 10 minutes. We were sat on a very busy night, and I'm trying to keep that in mind. Our female server had little to no interest in serving us - intent on keeping an eye on all her tables. She wouldn't even look us in the eye. Never. Made. Eye contact. My dad is REALLY hard of hearing and asked her to repeat herself. She actually got exasperated. Like...huffed. I'm sorry - look around. That's your clientele. People can't hear. Especially on a busy night.We ordered, and felt supremely RUSHED. Our dishes were constantly being taken away from us before we were even finished. I ordered the Mahi Mahi, the nights "special" - I swear I have seen the exact same dish at Bangle Barbeque in Disneyland. And paid about $15 LESS. It's pretty sad that the best thing I had that night was the free liver pate. That stuff was amazing. So...yay liver.We ordered drinks, appetizers, and desserts READ - $$$ - and yet all our server was looking at were the more expensive LOOKING tables. Older gents in suits. Not a family. Now, I'm aware this is mostly about the server - but isn't that the face of a restaurant? I had a HORRIBLE time - the server severely negatively impacted our entire meal. It was my last weekend visiting my folks. It was awful.After we paid, we actually went into the bar - hoping to not feel so rushed and relax with each other a little while. It almost felt like it was something the management told everyone to do: servers, bussers, runners - everyone was RUSHING. There was no time to enjoy anything.Well, the BAR was an entirely different story. We had a GREAT time, stayed a couple hours! Didn't feel rushed, patrons were happy and everyone was having a great time, as was the bartender! I noted to myself that if I HAPPEN to ever come back, I will sit in the bar. It made a horrible night, sting a bit less.The place is good for sports fans I guess and people in a hurry - or who have money to intimidate, but if you're looking for a great meal, and an enjoyable time, save your money and dignity. Go elsewhere. Except the bar. You can go to the bar.
4	I enjoyed a delicious meal here on the Yelp Elite night and what a treat!  We started with some delicious apps including shrimp cocktail and pate.  I started my culinary adventure with the wedge salad (I just can't get enough blue cheese) then the prime rib.  Boy was the horseradish spicy and I loved it!  We finished off the perfect meal with good conversation and a creme brulee.  I will definitely be returning soon!
3	I thought it was a sports bar slash steak house so I'm glad I didn't reserve dinner during a good game.  Its more like a casual steak house atmosphere with sports memorabilia on all the walls, ceilings, etc.  Don't expect tvs everywhere..The service was VERY good, which is part of the reason I'd give 3.5 stars to this place.  We ordered calamari to start - good chunks of squid, but the real star was the cocktail sauce.  Although it has the consistency of salsa and you kind of have to maneuver it onto pieces of calamari with your fork, its probably the best cocktail sauce I've ever had.  The clam chowder we got with dinner was absolutely fantastic.  Big chunks of clam, the potatoes were fully cooked but not overdone, great flavor.  It was probably the best clam chowder I've had also.  The main course is where it kind of falls short.  The ribs are supposedly prize winning in Chicago, but its not even close to Carson's rib tips.  The slab is very small too, not too much meat on it at all and it doesn't "fall off the bone".  I slow cook my ribs, I'm anti-boiling the meat but I do like my ribs tender.  The sauce was nothing special, wouldn't be surprised to find they used KC Masterpiece.  The coconut shrimp is nice sized with good batter, but we weren't a fan of the sweet orange marmalade sauce that came with it.  We actually requested some cocktail sauce to eat it with.  Because of the fantastic clam chowder and calamari, I'm not ready to write this place off yet.  I'd like to go back and try the steak or prime rib.  Hopefully the portions are better and these entrees will shine a little brighter compared to the ribs and shrimp meal we enjoyed today.
1	*********** Used Another Groupon************NOTHING has changed ........ However you'll love thisI viewed, a great encounter at the table next to us .......One member in the party of 4, asked for the manager ......He showed up, and the Lady asked if he knew So and So ........Yes, he did.They chatted for a few minutes, and he left their table.When, their meal was finished, he stopped again ..... and announced that dessert was ON THE HOUSE.They had their desserts, and requested their check.This group of 4, presented their $40 Groupon ..... for which they paid $20AND ALSO presented a $25 D&C Happy Birthday email.The Waitress of course, said you can redeem one ..... but not both, at the sametime.Well, THIS BIG SHOT OF A CUSTOMER, asked for the same Manager, who had COMPED 4 desserts, again.HE CAVED, and both certificates were applied towards the tab.******If You Haven't Read My Previous Review ......... Its a "must read" ************Remember "Comping", doesn't improve the bottom-line,  UNLESS SOMEONE ELSE IS PAYING FOR IT.***
4	What a spot,Atmosphere, memorabilia, so much sports history and signatures the place could open up as a museum  the walls are just covered in photos and great sports items.  Following a great restaurant set up is amazing food!  wow i love to order sides because they are for sharing and taste so great.  I personally think the steaks here are done right.  Service, 5th Star is always on the service.  People treat you like a home guest.  so many servers have been here for many years.  I can't remember the ladies name that took care of us but she was just a great character .  Some restaurants just bring out the fun personality of its people.  Great place for a big party for those special occasions.
2	Was excited to try this place since I saw from their website that it had tons of sports memorobilia, and that the owner was from Chicago (where we are from).  And, it was within walking distance too.Walked over there for dinner - it was, of course, ridiculously crowded.  Problem #1 - the hostess was completely clueless and overwhelmed.  We asked how long the wait would be, she said she was unsure.  We asked if we could put our name in, she again said she didn't know.  In the meantime, they're calling other parties names for seating, so we ask again.  The hostess gets a confused look on her face and ignores us.  So.... we just sat ourselves in the bar dining area. Fifteen minutes later, a server decides to come over and ask us if we'd been helped.  She takes our drink order.  Two other servers come by and ask if we would like to order drinks, and we tell them we'd already had our drink order taken.  Throughout the course of our meal, I think four servers served us.  No clue who our actual server was.  I think this was in part because there was an ASU sports group (head coach?) in the restaurant sitting a few tables over.  It was amusing to watch the cheeseball of an owner spend the whole evening name-dropping and schmoozing with them.  Too bad it was at the expense of the other customers.  The food we ordered was actually good.  Kind of surprised that the burgers didn't come with fries, especially for over $10.  After we were done eating, it literally took almost a half hour for us to get our bill.  One of our four servers actually caught on and brought a bill and apologized for the sketchy service, but assumed we understood since the table behind us was "more important.  It is the new ASU head coach, you know."  We admired the memorobila collection as we walked out, listened to the owner do some more name-dropping about how he knew Bud Selig in the lobby, and left.  Despite the good food and impressive sports collection, we probably won't be back.  Too bad - was hoping for better.
4	You step into the restaurant and are right away immersed in decades of sports memorabilia and history, it seems quite a few famous people frequent the place. For someone who doesn't eat red meat, the menu is a little lacking.  Not that there is anything wrong with this, I was still able to find a selection that put quite the smile on my face. The only part of my meal that wasn't as good as I remembered from the last time I frequented D&C's many years ago was the lack of a Roquefort salad dressing, the garlic house dressing over top the fresh greens was still enjoyable though. I had the spicy broasted chicken. For those of you wondering what it is, it's cooked in a pressurized fat fryer. Much akin to KFC's original chicken, but with a slight burn from the extra southern kick. The flavors, taste and overall experience are another thing entirely. This had to have been some of the best chicken I've had in a long time that I didn't cook myself. Perfectly crispy, not a hint of grease anywhere. Accompanying the meal was a side of the cheesy au grautin potatoes, I could only eat half of it due to the feeling of my blood starting to slow down considerably in my arteries. Overall, a delicious meal. I will advise not to get the prickly pear margarita unless you like your drinks VERY sweet. I usually expect sour when ordering this Arizona option, not hummingbird food. Next time I'll stick with a good beer for hearty food. Service was impeccable, everyone on the staff was warm and friendly. I would caution about parking though, it's almost non-existent except valet. If you want to park your own car, you'll be walking about a quarter mile to the nearest public parking spots.
3	Just mention the name of this restaurant and my hunny immediately starts making noises of pleasure. NOM NOM NOM he says. He loves this place. I have been eating here since the 80's. It hasn't changed much. Baseball & sports decor literally covers every square inch of wall. Still inviting and comfortable. The menu hasn't changed much either. Ribs, steak, prime rib and a few comfort foods. I always say I am going to order something other than ribs next time I go, but I just can't get past the deliciousness of their ribs. I always order the char.            This last visit started like any other. My hunny was having a birthday and he wanted  Don & Charlie's. I invited my sister and her husband and we went on a Weds night.  They can be very busy any night of the week, but we had reservations, so getting a table wasn't a problem. We were seated right away. We ordered drinks and I was disappointed to learn that they no longer served the complimentary chopped liver. After decades of being free, it is now on the appetizer menu. I know alot of you are thinking "liver, eww!", but it was one of the things I loved about the place. I went ahead and ordered it while everyone decided on meals. Our side of the table was a no brainer - RIBS. It was my sister and BIL's first visit, so they took a bit longer. They settled on a small filet for my sister and the larger filet for my BIL. He added the shrimp appetizer to his steak for a surf & turf. As we all wanted salad, we had to add that to the order. Last year they stopped serving salads with the meal and made them an additional cost. You can have cole slaw for free, but it's just not the same. There is nothing special about the side salad to warrant charging for it over the slaw. Their blue cheese dressing is exceptionally good tho. My appetizer came and my BIL and I shared it while we waited for the salads. After apps & salad we got our meals. Service had been uncharacteristically lax up to this point. Drink refills and such were slow in coming and more than once we had to get someone to find our server for us. The ribs were delicious as usual. My sister's filet was overcooked and needed to be sent back. It was returned to the kitchen with her sides as well as the mushrooms she had ordered. It was sent back without the sides or mushrooms she was paying another additional fee for. We had to ask the manager for her sides. He very graciously brought them out and apologized for the lack of them. My sister still wasn't happy with the steak. It was rare as she preferred, but there was no color to the exterior. She ate half of it and then cut the rest into small pieces for her dogs. Yes I know GASP! My BIL enjoyed his steak & shrimp. The appetizer he had added to his steak was excellent and went very well with it. They should consider making it an option!          As with most dinners, I could not finish mine. I had only eaten 1/3 of the rack and I asked to have it boxed. I learned later that the server had tossed everything on my plate into one box. Normally this isn't so bad, but at Don & Charlie's, the baked potatoes are covered on the outside with coarse salt & pepper for baking. The result was that my leftover ribs were far to salty to enjoy and ended up being thrown out.    We ordered dessert and then waited for the check. The server had failed to seperate the checks as requested, so we had to wait while she re-did them. She brought them out and they still weren't accurate, but we didn't want to wait any longer for it. She told us that they had a new system that she hadn't figured out yet. We went ahead and paid. Debit card for us, cash from my BIL. We discussed the tip. Normally when eating here, the service is excellent. This night I think our server had other plans because she definitely had her mind somewhere away from our table. We ended up leaving 15%, which still amounted to about a $30 tip. My sister was very disappointed and has said she won't go back. I tried to explain to her that normally everything is much better, but she is stubborn. Later we learned that the server had swiped our debit for both meals. After several phone calls and conversations with management, it was resolved. They were very apologetic about the service that night and made sure the debit was voided. They mailed us confirmation of the void as well as complimentary certificates for dinner. They wanted to make sure all was well.    This is the first real issue we have ever had here. After 30 or so years of dining here, I'd say one bad night is allowed. We would be going back for dinner whether we had the certificates or not.
1	*************Their Newest RIP-OFF*************               *******Remember the FREE Chopped Liver Plate*********                       ------------------IT'S NOW $4.95----------------"Our Famous Chopped Liver Platter, sweet bell pepper strips, carrot slaw, diced onions and chopped egg................4.95"Whats next ?????? ...........Bread Basket For $4.95I've got about $50 bucks........left on a giftcard.........and then Don .........its ADIOS........The old D&C will be missed.The Owners business sense ....... is in bad shape ......same as the parking lot.Don ........ you've got a lot of Chutzpah......and its not good.This is my 3rd review for D & C .........see the other two below
3	Went for Ribs - they were good (not great).  You can tell it is a successful place and because of that importance I got the feeling they were doing me a favor.  I will not rush back but will go back at some point.
2	My wife and I went using a gift card some friends gave us.  Our overall perspective: unimpressed and way overpriced.Atmosphere: dark and busy.  I sat across from my wife and our table had a round base so I couldn't scoot my chair forward.  I had to lean in to talk to her the entire night.  The lighting is poorly set up.  The shadow from my head made it very difficult to read the menu or see my food in any detail.  Tables were pushed close together so that other parties conversations were somewhat invasive, despite not being terribly crowded.  The sports memorabilia everywhere is kind of cool, but seems out of place with the dim lighting and expensive pricing.Food: ok.  Nothing special.  My wife had the prime rib and I had the BBQ chicken.  Quite honestly, we would have been more satisfied at Applebee's or Chili's.Price: Very high, especially for what you get.  Not to mention that some of the sides aren't really included in your meal price.  We paid $70 (after tip) for a bad steak, ok chicken, coleslaw, fries, a salad and one soda.  That's it.  Very disappointed.Service: Poor.  I get that my wife and I weren't big spenders (no alcohol, etc.) but we still felt as though we were heavily ignored.  The waiter would be at other tables two or three times as much as ours.  The waiter and bus staff seemed overwhelmed.Overall - NOT RECOMMENDED.  Unless you want to pay way too much for just ok food, pass on Don & Charlie's.  I would take the money and cook a nice meal at home, or go to Outback (better prices, service and food) and spend the extra on a movie or something.
4	Sadly...there is new ownership at Don and Charlie's and no more chopped chicken liver unless you pop $5.00 for it.  Love the restaurant but not happy with thus change.
4	great food, great service, awesome slaw!!
5	WOW what can I say... our friends have eaten here for years and we finally got to eat at Don and Charlie's for the first time in all the years that we have been coming to Spring Training.  We had an excellent dinner i was in the mood for fish and had the Macademia crusted Halibut.... WONDERFUL!!!!! My hubby had the prime rib and finished off every last juicy bite... the scalloped potatoes were the BEST I have ever had at any restaurant.Must make this one of our usual stops during our yearly visit to Az.
5	Wow! Trout, baby backs, wedge salad. Excellent wine. Service, atmosphere and just an experience. Sporvkts fan or not - not to be missed. Make reservations for sure.
5	Perfect restaurant for any sports fan as the walls are lined with sports memorabilia. I've been here several times and have never been disappointed. The atmosphere is pleasant, the food is excellent (especially the char-crust ribeye) and the staff is very friendly and courteous. This place is a must see for any sports fan when you visit the valley of the sun.
1	Awful awful awful! The hostess' were stuck up and seemed put out to have to seat us (apparently holding up the wall was more important). The food was awful - I can make a better steak at home. We were seated next to a group of men who felt the need to yell and be inappropriate which the wait staff didn't do anything about.We will not be coming here ever again
1	I must preface this review by saying that normally I only review a place when I can I rave about it positively.  My experience at Don and Charlie's was so horrible, I feel an obligation to warn people about going there.My family and I have dined at Don and Charlie's a few times in the past when visiting AZ, after our latest experience, we will never return.  We were used to the crowded atmosphere and the wait (even if you make a reservation) but the service was completely unacceptable.  I have gotten better service at a Taco Bell.First, the waitress asked us for our drink orders before we had even sat down.  When my mother-in-law asked to see the wine menu first and asked for a minute, the waitress huffed, rolled her eyes and walked away. When she returned, my father-in-law couldn't hear the waitress (it is quite loud in the restaurant, which is fine) but her response was to roll her eyes in his face and yell back her response.  Unacceptable.  My mother-in-law wanted to hear more about the two different kinds of cole slaw (which is a Don and Charlie's specialty and I would assume the wait staff would be prepared to respond), but the waitress told her to read the menu.While we were eating dinner, another waiter spilled a beer on my mother-in-law's jacket and then ran away before she could stop him.  So rude.  Finally, we had finished dinner and sat forever before the waitress brought our bill.  Literally, we sat there with a cleared table for 15 minutes.  Then she brought the bill and had included extra charges which my husband questioned - no surprise, she rolled her eyes and walked away with no explanation.  She then came back and had adjusted our bill to reflect what we had ordered.We were totally disappointed with how the waitress treated us.  Even though the food was fine, it was the WORST dinner experience we had during our trip.  If you are visiting AZ for spring training, I would recommend going someplace else, like Cafe Monarch, Houstons, Bandera or anyplace but here.
5	Wow. Simply delicious. My family came here because we were hoping to catch a glimpse of a baseball player, and also because we heard the memorabilia in here was second to none. For one, they're not kidding when they say if you're a fan of sports you'll love this place. There is signed stuff on every square inch of the walls, even the posts that hold the place together. As for the food, it was scrumdidiliumptious. I ordered the New York Parmesan Steak, my sister tried the Skirt Steak, and my dad ordered the BBQ Chicken & Ribs. We were all in love, and we all amazingly finished our portions. We all ordered the mashed potatoes on the side, and they were so creamy and homemade, they were awesome. I wish I had them now...For dessert, I got the "half" Hot Fudge Sundae, and it was big. I didn't finish it. My dad ordered the Banana Creme Pie and said it was some of the best he's ever had. So for the food, I loved it! Can't wait to go back. Prices weren't outrageous, just you're average nice dinner price.The server was very friendly and accommodated to everything we needed. Wish I could stay in that place for hours just to look at all of the signed memorabilia. I mean, Babe Ruth, Hank Aaron, Willie Mays? Come on!
5	Chicago style steakhouse with an exceptional wait staff.  Decor is (mostly) baseball memorabilia, jazz for the background music, food is wonderful steak house fare.  All ages, young, old, in-between were enjoying food and conversation.  Get reservations before you go.
4	After eating the night before at the Pink Pony and having a below average meal there, Don and Charlie's was quite nice. First of all, the sports memorabilia is INCREDIBLE!!!  So many things covering the walls, ceiling, beams, etc.  And not just baseball-every sport is represented which is really cool. The restaurant gets full especially during spring break time so we were lucky to score a dinner reservation just 1 day in advance for 8:15pm. Tables are definitely crammed in which is one of the only negatives. It does get quite loud in there as well with so many people. But the food was very good (I had the Parmesan crusted New York strip which was delicious!!) and the service was very attentive.
5	OK if you are a baseball fan, this place is a museum with good food.  From the moment you walk in you are surrounded by baseball and other memorabilia.. bats, balls, pictures, overwhelming for my daughter.. famous for its baby back ribs, which I thoroughly enjoyed.  Half rack was $18.95.. daughter had a burger, $11.95.. service xlnt. For me this is the best baseball themed restaurant anywhere.  We saw ex-Giants and current Reds manager Dusty Baker in the lobby.. nuts.. love this place. Place packed during March for baseball spring training in summer pretty dead..
2	Food might be okay but I'll never know.  An hour wait at 8:30 on a monday night?  Sorry, I'll pass.
5	I was down in AZ for a college baseball tournament and my dad had come down to watch me play.  He heard that if you wanted to be surrounded by baseball and have the chance to mingle with current and former players, Don and Charlie's was the place to go.  If you are a baseball fan, this is the closest you will get to Cooperstown without having to go to New York!  As soon as you enter the doors you are surrounded by baseball heaven!  Two things that really stand out:  The Hall of Fame case which has probably 30 baseballs signed by the greatest to ever play the game (Babe Ruth, Mickey Mantle, Willie Mays, Hank Aaron, Ted Williams etc).  Second, the mural of the '69 Cubs with signatures on the wall (never seen anything like that before).  Needless to say I was amazed by this place.  Although the food was great the atmosphere is what captivated me.  We had the opportunity to meet Don (oddly enough we were seated right next to him in the dining area) and he was one of the nicest people you will ever meet, but maybe that's because we are both from Chicago!  Oh and one more thing...as we were finishing our meal who comes walking from a back room?  One of the greatest coaches in MLB history Joe Torre!  What an amazing experience, if you are ever within driving distance of Don and Charlie's you should make it a priority to eat at this fine baseball-themed establishment!!!
3	Let me start out by saying that Don and Charlie's has always been one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. As a transplanted Chicagoan, it is the only place in the valley that has the Lettuce Entertainment connection. We went the other night and were totally hit with sticker shock with increased menu prices, everything is now ala carte with the entrees. Our biggest issue was the fact that the only way to get their wonderful chop liver now was to pay for an appetizer that is much larger than their long time hospitality portion :( And carrot salad comes with that...give me a break;does anyone really want to eat that? I won't say that we won't return, because I know we will... But, certainly not as often as we used to!
5	I'm giving Don & Charlies 5 stars because it is an all around solid steakhouse. Everything I've tried here has been really good, from the shrimp cocktail, to their salads, and of course their big, juicy, tender steaks. But it isn't just good food, management,  servers, and even their valet guys understand what good service is. The owner/managing partner I  met was super sweet, and seemed very down to earth, in fact this whole restaurant is very cool and unpretentious. The prices are not low, but well worth a splurge. Well done Don & Charlies!
4	What more can I say, but enjoyed a truly good meal.  The service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal.  Ordered the BBQ Ribs (St. Louis style) that were very tasty.  The BBQ sauce on the side was very good, but the ribs had enough flavor without it.  Also had the creamy cole slaw and garlic mashed potatoes as my two sides which were also very good.  The bread and bagel chips that come with the meal are also a nice touch.  To make it even better, you can enjoy all the sports memorabilia in the lobby of the restaurant.  It's quite a collection if you're a fan.  I'll definitely be back.
5	I've been hearing about Don and Charlies since I was young enough to still be zipping around Scottsdale scaring the horses with my dirt bike (back when both horses and dirt bikes were common in Scottsdale).I have been asked many times for directions to the place but never went myself, until recently.I loved it. It has a large bar area where we sat and it had sports jerseys and other sports stuff hanging from the walls, and both the staff and patrons were friendly. For my girlfriend and I to have dinner and drinks it came to about 120 dollars and the food, of course, was great.You better either come early, late, or make reservations though. It was busy on the Saturday around 8 when we were there but cleared out some around 9.
5	Great bar food and drinks Shelley is a great bartender !!!!
4	Portions are large and dining ambience is dimly lit with comforting furnishings. The burgers are good and the prices are reasonable for such an 'upscale' burger joint in old town. I plan on returning.
4	This place is pretty good.  I only give it a 4-star rating because we were late for our reservation by about 20 minutes and were asked to wait outside for 10-15 minutes when the table was ready.  Other than that, the service is great, the food is awesome.  The prime-rib is a must-try!
5	Ok so I must have been in a bad mood when I wrote my previous review because this place is one of my favorites. It's where my sister and I decided to have our Grad party and were met with zero hesitation from my parents.I love this place the atmosphere is fantastic with all the sports collectibles, it doesn't happen to be terribly loud for dinner unlike a lot of places. Let's not forget they start you out with some of the best chopped liver I have ever had.My favorite here is the prime rib as it is always perfectly cooked and seasoned and nice and juicy. I am also a big fan of the cesar salad here, for some reason it is better than most.Oh and found out the steak sandwich is really a medium steak served with 2 pieces of bread on the side. My buddy ordered it at my grad party and we both expected some slices of steak between some bread. What he got was a full steak and 2 pieces of garlic break. I have no idea what made me post the last review and not throw out the one random night they were a bit off on a busy holiday. This is on of my favorites in the valley and my first choice when I want a steak. Been here tons of times and hope to go back tons more.
4	The service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful. My wife and I ordered the Baby Back Ribs and the Broasted Chicken. Both are very delicious! I wasn't expecting the Broasted Chicken could be so awesome, it wasn't greasy at all, and you could still taste the flavor of the meat even it's fried.I also love the atmosphere of this place, with all the sport decorations on the wall, which is very different from any restaurants we've been to. I would recommend  this place to anyone who loves steak/BBQ!!
2	The food here, in my experience, was below average.  I had the baby back ribs as did my dining mates.  We all found them to be extremely dry and not terribly delicious.  The other people in my party ordered the roast chicken.  Some of them liked the roast chicken while others did not.  The artichoke dip and bread and chips that came out as appetizers were flavorless and uninspiring.The service was good, the owner was friendly and all the sports memorabilia was fun.  I don't think I will go back.
5	First time to Don and Charlie's was great! The wait was not what I was expecting from the reviews here. We were seated within 5 mins of arriving for our reservation. Our server was great. He did not come by to much but enough that we always knew if we needed anything we would not have to wait.  I had the prime rib medium rare and my wife had the filet medium. Both cuts were cooked perfectly. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to prime rib but this was really one of the better cuts I have had. After we were finished Don came over and introduced himself. Very nice guy and seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was. We will be back soon !!
4	Great meal, awesome service. Other than Harry Caray's in Chicago, I have never seen so much baseball memorabilia.
4	Great venue.  The food is good Italian steakhouse fare rivaling those in Chicago.  It's like you're outside Wrigley Field.  The tables in the front are a little crowded.  Both my son and myself kept rubbing elbows with diners at tables behind us.  It is like an Italian family.  When the room is full the sound level gets pretty high.
2	Wow.  How the might have fallen...asleep.The menu is as big as Cheescake Factory.  The servers indifferent.  Expectant. Went there for the first time in a long time.  Just seemed "the same" or "tired".  Question: who do these guys know that the bathrooms could have ever been that small and be in code?  One stall and one urinal for the mens?  Place must seat 200 or more...?  Just sayin.The food was ok, but sort of reminded me of Dillon's...and THAT'S NO COMPLIMENT. I don't think I'd go back.  Which is sort of sad.
2	Sorry, the famous ribs were short on meat and overcooked. The deli slaw was soaked in vinegar.
5	Love this place. Shelly the bartender is so awesome. Food is fantastic and I don't say that lightly. I crave the broasted chicken.  Not to be missed when you come to Scottsdale.
1	Great food can be found anywhere. Great service is one in a million these days. This place gets an A+ in the most awful service I have ever received and if you have/had a Groupon for this place like I did, don't even bother going. You'll be treated worse than a bothersome fly on a hot and humid day.It's simple. Businesses put  their name out by working with daily coupon sites like Groupon, LivingSocial, etc., to garner new and potential repeat customers. Instead, after going there with my handy coupon, I can't help but drive by this place on the way home and think nothing but the horrible experience I received. I went with my boyfriend and bought the Groupon because I was impressed due to online reviews and decided to splurge on a good ole' prime rib. We sit down, am impressed with the old school decor, and then the server from Azkaban appears. We tell her that we'd like to order off the special evening menu where it's a little cheaper and tell her joyfully that we found this place through Groupon and that it's our first time. Wrong thing to do. I don't know if it's because past Groupon-ers don't tip well or something, but I could swear her smile immediately turned 180 degrees in an instant. It took our food (the chicken and prime rib) almost 33 minutes to come out. All we did was nom ... and nom ... and nom on the watery coleslaw and gritty liver (which isn't to blame since I was never a liver fan). Not once did our server come by our table. We watched her run into the kitchen and either not come back out for a while or attend to other tables. It was another server that came out and gave us our food so we let our frustration go since it wasn't her fault and there's no use in calling her out for nothing. We asked if she knew where our server was, and she said she would look for her. 10 minutes later, nothing, yet it was the new server who kept coming back, asking if everything was alright like a normal server should. Then it was time for the check and we just wanted to get out of there since we were basically ignored. 17 minutes pass, no check came even though our  table had been cleared. Our server was still MIA so we asked a random server to give us our check. He said he would tell our server to bring it back and we told him straight up that we didn't even want to see her face so another random server brought it back.We had a table of 4 sitting next to us who even leaned over and asked us why we were being so calm when our non-existent server was treating us like crap. We didn't even want to bother waiting another 20 minutes just to talk to a manager since apparently the only way the servers here communicate is by playing Telephone so we just left after paying. The table beside us told us that they were going to complain for us since we wanted to leave, but whether they did or not I didn't even care at that point. To be honest, I can't even remember what the food tasted like, which isn't quite fair in a review. I went here a couple of months ago, but I have never had an experience where service overrode the taste of food. I'm pretty sure prisoners in a cafeteria get more attention than I did.Maybe it wasn't even the Groupon. Who knows. All I know is that we ran out of there like Usain Bolt and tell anyone who asks about our worst dining experience that this is the place to experience it.
5	I worked at Don and Charlie's for about 7 months before heading back to San Diego and I miss it already! The owner was such a great man to work for, and runs his restaurant really well. He also treats his employees extremely well. I have nothing bad to say about D n C. The food is awesome which is how I ended up getting a job there because my family all loved the food so much and took me there a few times before I started working there. The service we received was always great before I worked there and for the most part I loved my co workers. I wish I could move D n C's over to San Diego! If you want a great meal order the prime rib, the filet topped w blue cheese or parm cheese, or get the famous baby back ribs (charred dons way), also the Seattle style salmon is KILLER order the twice baked pot or the au gratins. Our expresso martini and the peach cosmo were to die for. If you want a funny server ask for Hershey he's the best and will have the table laughing hysterically.If you want an experienced server ask for Patrick or Mary they are both very attentive.If you want an overall good server who has it all ask for Jennifer or Sam.Austin the manager is awesome, Don is impressive, and the food is great period.As far as the liver goes people get so mad that its not free anymore, but think of this...what other restaurant just gives you free stuff besides bread?! In my eyes it was a smart move. I will continue going back to D n C's to eat every time I am in town.D n C I will miss you and maybe will see ya next spring training season :)
3	Ribs were very dry.  I could not even eat the last two of them.  Used to get the chopped liver appetizer for free and now they charge for it.  Service was very average.  It was Sunday and they didn't even have any of the special left at 5:30 PM.  The person I was with said the prime rib was very good.  Another person said the chicken ceasar salad was good as well.  I did hear a resounding 'YUM' regarding the mashed potatoes.  For what they charge here, I would not be compelled to go back nor would I recommend.
2	They're really slipping now.  With dinner, you get cole slaw - you can "upgrade" to soup or salad for 2.50 more.  Really?  I've never heard of cole slaw being a pre-meal before.  I got the French Onion Soup, its actually better at Mimi's.  They put way too much cheese, the bread is pathetic and there's hardly any onions in it.The prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter.  Never heard of that before either.  Luckily I had some sour cream with my baked potato and I asked for some raw horseradish so I can concoct my own.  Wasn't the best, but way better than the butter!  The barbeque chicken was ok.  I've had better at diners.  They didn't really season the bird, just threw some barbeque sauce on it.  At least it wasn't terribly dry...I don't think I'm coming back to this one.  Nooooo..
5	We live in Houston but are in Scottsdale several months out of the year.   Don and Charlie's is one of our favorite restaurants we frequent in Scottsdale.The food and the ambience is special.  Especially if you are a sports fan..
4	The main reason to go to Don and Charlie's is the great atmosphere. If you are a sports fan then this is the place for you. The memorabilia is amazing. Every where you look there is something to do with sports. Great place during Spring Training. Food is good a decent steak and martini. Great blue cheese dressing.
1	I purchased a $20 Groupon for Don & Charlie's valued at $40.Three weeks before the Groupon expired, I called them to check on their hours. I got an voice mail recording that said "we will be closed Monday Memorial day THROUGH labor Day."  I was pretty pissed. That was 75% of the period allowed by the Groupon! I wrote to Groupon and asked for a refund since the place was closed.Well, on the last day of the promotion, three weeks later, Groupon wrote back and said "Sorry for the confusion here. This business is open. Please call them at (480) 990-0900 to make your reservation Let me know if there is anything else I can assist you with"So I called back.  It turns out they were only closed on Monday's during that time period. The message must actually have been "We will be closed "Mondays" Memorial day through Labor Day."Well, I was out of state on that one day, and back the very next, one day after the promotion expired. So I called Don & Charlies and explained what happened and asked if they would honor the $40.  They said no. Only the $20, which they are required to do in the Groupon fine print. They said "it is the owner's call and that's what he said."That is horrific customer service! One day late, a confusing message on their part, and a delayed reply by Groupon. Other vendors have been happy to honor a promotional value when there were odd circumstances like this.I will never set foot in their restaurant and I hope those of you who value customer service choose not to as well.  And I hope the owner sees this review and learns something from it.
4	People go out to eat for one of two reasons: to enjoy a night out and get of the house, or to get food they can't make at home. Well I can promise most of you that you can make almost the entire Don & Charlie's menu at home. So go for the experience and ambience...it's classic and memorable. And as an added bonus, the well-prepared food, while fairly standard, is well executed and delicious. Make a reservation, it is always busy, and for good reason!
4	LOVE this place.  We have gone there for my brother-in-law's birthday dinner for many years.  We loved it so much this year we are going back for my husband's birthday tonight and I can't wait!  I don't understand some of the negative reviews as we have never had a bad experience.  We eat at a lot of fine dining restaurants and this place has a charm all its own, that you don't find in new restaurants. It is an older restaurant that has been around a long time, but I love the 'old' Chicago style feel of the place, and the way the food is served. Cole slaw (creamy!) out first is part of that charm, and the way they prepare their ribs as well.  Service has always been impeccable with friendly, attentive staff.  All the potato dishes are excellent!  We usually all get baby back ribs but occasionally we order fish, steak, prime rib, all of which never disappoint.  The only disappointment we found during our last visit was that the liver dish that was usually brought out complimentary is now a charged item.  This happens from time to time with a lot of restaurants we visit so I can understand.  Other than that, this place is excellent.
1	One star. Based on the way they treated Anthony C.
1	Update:Don C, the owner, replied to my comment with this: "Dear Anthony C, Thank you for your rant. Over 2100 guests redeemed their Groupons in the 90 days it ran. Since 1981 I have run D&C's with the guest always in my thoughts. Very happy to honor the $20.00 you spent. Best wishes, Don Carson"My reply was this:"Very happy to honor the $20 I spent, is Groupon fine print policy, so of course you are happy to do it. By not honoring the full $40 value, you lost any chance of my being a customer and all of my friends. Which since I've lived in oldtown since 2004 and go out daily to it's restaurants and bars is not a small number of people. There are too many other places that serve a great steak (bandera's, citizen public house, cowboy ciao, etc)You are correct, many other people did not get confused like I did. And I am happy for them. They are apparently more clever than I. I tried to come in. I heard your message on a Monday. I got confused. I lost out. If our roles were reversed, I would honor the full $40 groupon for you even if you were the ONLY person who got confused trying to come to my restaurant. Because I thought the purpose of a Groupon was to get new faces in the door.  Especially one that lives walking distance from my establishment and yet has never been in.Finally, you say you always have the customer in your thoughts? Calling my review a rant is not good customer service. I hope that as folks read your reply they get a clearer picture of your customer service style.  In my opinion my review describes events and my feelings about those events in a logical way, not as a rant."Now here is the best part:Groupon refunded me the $20.  So while Don and Charlie's accused me of ranting, Groupon, who has a FAR larger customer base heard my story and decided a happy customer was worth the refund.  They could have ignored my request given the huge number of clients they have and barely noticed my decreased spending with them.  That is Excellence in Service and I will continue to be a very loyal Groupon customer.Groupon had this to say when I thanked them for my refund when D&C failed me:"Hey Anthony, Thank you so much for the feedback! We appreciate feedback in all forms, but it's all the more gratifying when it's positive. You've made my day, and we're so happy to have a customer like you. Thanks for your continued support! Take care, Shannon T. Groupon Customer Support"THIS is what fantastic customer service means. Groupon has my business forever. Not so D&Cs.
2	My family and I moved to Scottsdale over 20 years ago and I have always had a place in my heart for Don & Charlie's.  We used to go there often for birthdays/anniversaries/graduations, etc.  It was my birthday this week and my parents wanted to take me out so I said "Let's go to Don & Charlie's, I haven't been there in I don't know how long".  Sadly, after having eaten there I believe that I made a mistake with this suggestion.  The restaurant itself hasn't changed since the last time I was there - it's still got wall-to-wall memorabilia, it still has the same old-school steak house ambiance, but the feeling that I got during and after the meal was really one of a restaurant that is resting upon its laurels and not doing much to deliver a quality product.  My Caesar salad was made with lettuce that was obviously old - it was not wilted, but it was very soft and floppy with no crunch to it whatsoever.  My father ordered the creamy coleslaw which bore a great resemblance to cabbage soup so high was the dressing to cabbage ratio.  My mother greatly enjoyed her house salad with a balsamic dressing but this was mostly because she thought the balsamic was the best that she had had in a long while.  All three of us ordered baby back ribs for dinner - my parents just had the ribs, I had a combo with the ribs and a filet.  All three of us remarked that the ribs were "passable",  the meat was tough and fatty - not at all what I remember in terms of quality from when I used to eat there.  I have honestly had ribs that I found more enjoyable at casual restaurants like TGI Friday's or Ruby Tuesday's.  When you are charging $30 for a rack of ribs, they REALLY need to be better than "acceptable" which was the highest grade I could offer on these.  While ordering our entrees, my mother asked which ribs were more tender and our server informed us that the beef ribs were the most tender, but they had sold out of their entire stock of beef ribs already.  Our reservation was at 6:30 - fairly early in the evening, so my mother's reaction was "Really?"  His response - "Oh yes, they were actually sold out at 5:00 PM."  This speaks to a lack of organization and knowledge on the part of management - if you are running out of a popular item by 5 PM on a weekend before proper dinner service even begins then that indicates a serious problem.  My Filet was better than acceptable - it was not as good as I remember, but still very good.  Unfortunately my disappointment in the ribs was such that it overshadowed any feelings I may have had about the steak.  Our server was professional and courteous and I did not notice any of the issues with the hostesses that some others have reported, but I really have to say that I am disappointed in Don & Charlie's.  It's one thing to go back to a place you have a fondness for and find the experience lacking in relation what you remember - we all have a tendency to look at the past with rose-colored glasses I think.  This was a case of going to a place that I have a genuine fondness for and find the experience lacking in relation to what I consider acceptable for any high end restaurant.  I believe my grade of "Meh. I've experienced better." is completely accurate - I have experienced better at other steak houses, at other casual dining restaurants, even hole-in-the wall eateries where I used plastic utensils to eat my meal.  I say this as someone who has nothing but fond feelings for D&C's - you guys need to improve, because a wall full of signed baseballs and dim lighting will only take you so far.
5	Our 74 yr old neighbor lady "Lavonne" recommended this restaurant to us! Lavonne is a born and raised "Arizonan" (not to many of those around). She has never steered us wrong and has gave us many great restaurant recommendations and, this restaurant is I believe the best she has ever recommended to us. Energized atmosphere, great food, excellent service and price is just fine for a steak restaurant.  The cheesy garlic bread is the best I have ever had. We will go back here just like Lavonne and her late husband again and again and again - and next time we will bring Lavonne who has not been back since her husband died 4yrs ago!
5	I went there tonight with my sisters for the special Rosh Hashanah dinner.  Kudos to the Chef for preparing such an authentic and delicious meal.   Our waitress  Christine and her trainee Gary made sure we had a nice relaxing holiday dinner.
3	Don & Charlie's is one of those restaurants that is a nice addition to add to your "favorite list."  We are from out of state, but when visiting we always find an evening for dinner at Don & Charlie's.The ambience is the best. The restaurant is moderately lit, with lovely dark wood walls, the tables are covered with white tableclothes. Every empty wall space, including the ceiling (well what used to be empty) is covered with a piece of baseball history (there is a smattering of football items too) The lobby provides the best view of some of the prized pieces of memorbillia.Our service was terrific from start to finish.  The hostess greeted us promptly, and was very cordial.  She showed us to our table and gave us our menus. . We were only seated 30 seconds when we had ice water and a plate of bread. Our waiter came to the table within two minutes dressed in black slacks, a white dress shirt, black bowtie and a bibbed, long, black apron.  He welcomed us, told us about a special, and took our drink order. Just one negative here, the bread was stale and sort of tasteless and the butter was frozen so solid we were unable to use it.  I was envious of the folks seated across from us. It was their first visit and they received the complimentary cheese bread. I wish now that we had said we were first-timers too.....lolWe had the creamy cole slaw to start.  I love cole slaw and this rated in the top 5 in taste, but the very fine grate made it soupy. I would prefer a coarser grate of the cabbage.We all ordered different entrees. I had the prime rib, cooked to perfection served with the best raw horseradish I've ever tasted.  The entree came with your choice of potato and I opted for the red potato, mashed (very good, but the serving was twice what I could eat). The prime rib was excellent, I'm not sure I've ever tasted better.  The two others in the group ordered nut encrusted halibut and coconut shrimp and they too gave rave reviews.  The waiter checked on us often, our water glass was always full, and we had our check within minutes of passing on dessert.If they hadn't served the stale bread, this would have been four stars.
4	We had a party of 28 to celebrate the annual J&J Bday Bash.  I loved the Yelp party experience, I am so torn on the # of stars!!!  This is a 3-1/2 stars review.  The service was 5 stars hands down.  Our server was more than I can ask for.  The food was ok, barely a 3.  French Onion Soup - It was cheesy, onion-y, and bread-y, but a little saltier than I like.Ned Colletti's Chicken Schnitzel with lemon butter sauce - The chicken was a little dry and the lemon butter sauce was ok.  The baked potato was ok.  The service was so fabulous!!  Maybe I should have gotten a steak?
4	Awesome decor! The waiter even lent us a flashlight to go around the restaurant and see all of the amazing autographs and memorabilia. Food was really good. Ordered the broasted chicken, ribs and mac & cheese. Chicken was incredibly juicy and had a great skin. Ribs weren't fall off the bone, but we were told they wouldn't be. The flavor was good (wife didn't like the sauce, but I did). Mac and Cheese was subtle underneath the layer of cheese, which was a nice mix. Also, we mentioned that we saw them on yelp and we were offered the cheese toast for free. And it was so good we wanted to eat each and every one of them. Entrees came with cole slaw, but since we are not a fan of that we optioned to change them to caesar salads - for an up charge. Salad had an olive oil twist instead of creamy caesar, which was interesting.We will be back, and we recommend you do the same.
5	Do you like good food, good service and sports?  Check this place out!  The restaurant is plastered with sports memorabilla, mainly baseball.  The atmosphere is very lively and the crowd, well the crowd is mainly older (50+).  However, being in my early 30's, my wife and I really enjoyed our time at Don and Charlie's.  The server was very helpful and upbeat.  We never went without a full glass of water or asked by multiple people if we needed anything else, keep in mind the place was packed.  The food was awesome.  I went for the prime rib and it melt in my mouth!  I went medium-rare but rare may have been a better option.  My wife had the schnitzel, somewhat of an odd choice at a steak house/BBQ place, but it was very tender and had a nice flavor.  Not getting salad or soup  with your entree was strange, you get a huge bowl of coleslaw.  It was very good, but different, I believe a salad will cost you a little more.  The potato options are great as well.  Overall, if you are looking for a nice meal with midwestern flair, stop on by.  I will say you will drop some money, but you get a ton of food in return.
5	Really good food. I mean, like, really good. Their broasted chicken is insane. Try the spicy version. So juicy and flavorful, it's perfect. Is the crowd old? Sure. Is it a little "Scottsdale Boys Club"-ish. Yes. None of this matters when you're stuffing your face full of chicken. Very good service, too.
3	I used to think this place was five star.  Its still really nice, but getting a bit stagnant.  Definitely try it out, as it has a good variety of choices.  I had a shrimp cocktail and crusted halibut the other night.  The service was great.  Food fine.And enjoy the baseball memorabilia.  But its not top notch.
5	Other than catching spring training baseball games, Don & Charlie's is a close number 2 on my to-do list when visiting Scottsdale, AZ.  This establishment should be on every visitor's must do list.  The memorabilia is unsurpassed, the food excellent and the service attentive. In the lounge area the bar is staffed by veteran bartender Shelly, the single most professional and personable bartender that I have ever encountered.  I travel to Phoenix and Scottsdale for business about 5-6 times per year plus I take in spring training.  After my first visit to Don & Charlies, I walked in and sat down and Shelly looked and me and said hello to me by first name after nearly one year and only my first visit; somehow she remembered me from the previous year.  After sitting down for awhile, it was apparent that Shelly knew all the customers and introduced folks to each other.  On another visit with my wife and in-laws for spring training, she asked me for my business card.  About two weeks later I received a very nice note handwritten thanking me for coming to the restaurant and mentioning my wife and in-laws.  Shelly is by far the best bartender I have had the honor of being served by. I stopped in two nights ago for dinner and a glass of water and the next day I had an e-mail message thanking me and wishing me a happy Thanksgiving.  That is service that is unsurpassed.  I would recommend Shelly and Don & Charlie's to all baseball fans who travel to Scottsdale for spring training and to those just visiting during the off-season.  One word of caution, during the season, they take reservations one-month in advance unless you try to sit and eat in the bar.
5	Don and Charlie is Top notch from the food to the service. We had the Fillet Trio and the Mustard Crusted Salmon along with Cole slaw, veggies and french fries. They also bring you bread when seated. Both the Fillet and Salmon had great flavor and we will be back.
4	I haven't been to Don and Charlie's for 15 years.  I thought it was great, good food and good service. After reading some of the reviews it was funny that most of the poor reviews were from Groupon users.  They seemed to be very lengthy and over the top. It seems like most Groupon users don't have much of a life and like to bitch about trying to get something cheap. I will be taking a group here next week since I had such a good experience. I won't be using Groupon for our nice dinner
4	Food was excellent as always!
1	Born and raised in Chicago--my sister-in-law was a Cafe Ba-Ba-Ree-Bah! employee so the wife and I hit all the Lettuce Entertain You joints (if this sounds foreign to you, you aren't a Chicagoan, so don't try to rebut).  Don and Charlie, LEY should revoke your membership.  If you're going to advertise your Rogers Park heritage and tout all your North Side hangouts either 1.) be genuinely Chicago (or suburbs!) or 2.) have food so great that everyone can ignore the lack of #1.  Decor is an attemp to knock-off a Loop Chop House mixed with Harry Caray's baseball fanaticism.  Arrived at 5 PM; nobody took our order until 5:20.  Wait staff stood in the back and argued about who would take which section--we had to ask a busboy if we could get service.  Appetizer arrived at 5:40--decent coconut shrimp.  The wife ordered the porkchop--which arrived lukewarm, dry, and hard as a rock.  Her soup tasted like Campbell's Homestyle from a can and the applesauce was like Mott's from a baby food jar.  I had baby back ribs with chicken.  Gents, don't tout your rib abiliities--I've lived all over the US and these were some of the worst I've ever had.  I had to hack (not cut) these with a steak knife and what little meat was on them was unpalatable.  The chicken was pretty good.  The sauce was not "Midwest" style.  The creamed spinach was so hot that I had to wait until I had finished everything else to even start tasting it.  Final tally:  $72.72 WITHOUT drinks.  In Chi-town, you would have been run out of business/shot in a driveby for prices such as these--ie:  Scottsdale does not immediately equal Loop (or Lake Forest) in terms of price vs. quality.  The $50 gift card brought this bill down the correct level for the experience.  What surprised me was that by 6 PM this place was packed to overflowing and what appeared to be "regulars" were all bellowing about how "authentically Chicagoan" they found it to be.  I never write reviews because I like to give places the benefit of the doubt, but this was such an incredible letdown that I had to post something.  Seriously folks--do no waste your time/$.  If you want a Chicago experience, go to Chicago.  If you want good food at a decent price, there are plenty of places in Phoenix that put this joint to shame!
4	Its restaurants like this that make dining fun again.  Character,service and great food all the ingredients for a great dining experience.  I had the primerib 16 oz which i should have cooked more, but that was my fault.  Great taste even besides my bust.  OMG the scalloped potatoes and the chessie bread are addicting.  Blue cheese wedge salad was even well done. My wife had a cheese burger..yea I know but damn it was great.  Our waiter was proffesional informative,attentive,and best of all respectful and courteous.  About the only thing negative would be the older cacausian clientele that really really like this place, can you say snotty!  I still encourage you to go and eat in the lounge where it is which less stuffy.  Don came out to check on the guests hich was cool you dont see that much anymore.  I will be back once I make my way through my other Scotsdale eateries,which might be a while.
5	This probably my all time favorite American restaurant.  Went here frequently when I lived in AZ.  Now it is my must go restaurant when I am in Phoenix.  I live in 'So Cal and still think about Don & Charlie's.Stand outs were the chopped liver appetizer, prime rib, potatoes au gratin.Can't wait to come back even if prices are higher now than before!
5	We went to Don & Charlie's tonight and had the best time! Our waiters, Sam & Pedro were incredible, and the food - the ribs - were the best they've ever been! In the 25 years we've been eating at Don & Charlie's, this was the best visit yet due to our service from Sam & Pedro!
5	I have been there at least 3 times and it's awesome especially if you like sports memorabilia.  It's a mainstay of the spring training teams in phx and it's obviously a favorite.  Yelp coupons for free appetizers if you check in there. ]It gets very busy, no draft beer there.   Bar is small and it has it's regulars. Sometimes the bartender forgets the non regulars. It's known for prime rib and "broasted" chicken.  Pressure cooked chicken.  I get it every time and I love it.   Ample choice of sides which leaves no room for dessert.It's a great experience.
4	yummy food. great deal. onion rings were great. environment ~ sports bar. prime rib ~ yum
5	Amazing food and amazing atmosphere ! We visit every year at Spring training and it is always consistent
5	This was my first return visit to Don & Charlie's in almost 10 years.  Typically I get their ribs (world's best) but decided on a steak.  The steak was cooked to perfection and juicy as can be.  They serve bagel crisps prior to the meal.  The only thing that changed is the chopped liver that used to be included is now an appetizer.  Although it is good, the meal is the reason to keep me returning.The atmosphere is a sports lovers dream.  There is memorabilia from every major league sport lining the walls and the ceilings.  The hostess and wait staff are very attentive too.
1	My mother always said to me "If you don't have anything nice to say,then you should not say it." Well sorry Mom ,not going to happen this time.  I joined some old friends for dinner at Don and Charlies at the recommendation of my friend's family. To be fair I am a "foodie",so this might seem a little harsh.  . The first thing I received when I walked into the place was the smell of mold mixed with some industrial cleaner,probably the most pleasant  aroma that I had throughout the evening and of course the duct tape all over the old carpet was quite attractive..My server  informed us that she had worked there for 30 years..Wow. Unfortunately for her time here she couldn't answer  our questions very well. We asked about the  so-called Prime beef ,if that actually meant Prime Grade  Beef  she seemed dumbfounded and if it was wet or dry aged.Also inquired what was in the rice pilaf ( vegies,stock etc) still no definitive answer,what size were the shrimp . We were not trying to harass the server we  have some  dietary needs and we were trying to  get some entrees and appetizers  that we could all share.We decide on  the chopped liver,the rib appetizer and a couple of wedge salads,caesar,and a french onion soup to begin followed by salmon,New York ,prime Rib,BBq cicken,Bone in Rib eye and ,halibut. The ribs were not very meaty and extremely tough  probably the worst that I have ever had,,french onion tasted like knorr beef stock and liver..and we all love pate, was quite frankly disgusting. The steaks were ok but not prime grade the salmon was previously frozen  farm raised Atlantic salmon the deli cole slaw was decent the creamy tasted ok but exactly like the Colonel's The BBq chicken was gross.,Halibut was so-so. All and all  my review of the place would be outdated cuisine prepared without skill or love but with the same price points as high end steakhouses in the area. The place just looks old and tacky with ripped chairs, old smelly carpet,.crud stuck beneath the tables and servers who  are as antiquated as the establishment..Comfort food? Only if you are comfortable with ghetto crap food . Sorry Charlie (and Don)
3	Pretty neat place if you're a baseball fan.   But the food is very, very, average.  I ordered their most expensive steak my only time there in 2012 and it was beyond disappointing.  Shortly after a local told me you go there for the ambiance, not the food.   Now I get it.... I'll return with friends but I'll keep the food simple next time.
2	Atmosphere great and fun. Breasted chicken and rib dinner = chicken great tasty and juicy.Ribs tough = these babies will never fall off the bone. 6 guys went for ribs all agreed. Too bad the ribs are what you come for.
5	Had to stop by after the Giants spring training opener to take in some sports paraphernalia and grab a drink. The place was packed as could be expected so we just grabbed a drink and walked around a bit, trying not to ignore eating patrons while looking at all the signed baseballs and Weaties boxes. We spent some time in the lobby and had the pleasure of meeting Don himself. We'll have to go back to try the food soon.
3	It's not every day that you get the opportunity to meet Willie Mays and get his autograph. You would think this story has a happy ending, but think again. I arrive at Don & Charlie's and find my nephew near tears. He had stood in line for an autograph only to find out that it was for charity and would cost $200! On the plus side, photographs were free as long as you did not use a flash. This restaurant has its pluses - the chance to see someone famous. Lots of great memorabilia. Awesome creamy cole slaw. Decent menu, if you like big portions and traditional ribs, chicken, steak or prime rib.Some of the negatives. You can't be seated unless your whole party is there... we had one member of our party that was lost and didn't get much help from the front desk when he called for directions. Meanwhile, we stood waiting and worrying we'd lose our table. If you are a large party, don't bother going here during Spring Training season. They don't take large party reservations. If you are a BIG baseball fan, it's worth a visit. If not, then choose somewhere less crazy.
2	I really wanted to like this place. With the hype surrounding it I had high expectations. Upon arriving the lobby was absolutely packed. Possibly because Willy Mays was there signing his book and other souvenirs. That was pretty surreal. Once seated I checked in and was pleased you get a free cheesy bread appetizer with checkin. Definitely a plus. The bread it came with wasn't that attractive. Also the bus boy grabbed my appetizer plate without asking so I had to tell him I wasn't done.10 minutes after ordering the waitress came back and said she lost our ticket. Really? Hm ok. Too bad I reordered the first thing I ordered which was called "mumsies stuffed chopped steak." I presumed it would be a stir fry but I clearly misunderstood because out came a pound slab of meatloaf. It was okay but I was miffed that I ordered just a hunk of ground beef with mashed potatoes on the side. Also we finished our first round of drinks and she came back way later to check on us. The margarita was okay but we decided to keep it simple and get a bottle of wine to share instead.I saw bench coach Ron wotus on the way in and clubhouse manager mike Murphy on the way out. Said hello to the latter. Anyway, the memorabilia was cool but the misleading menu and average wait staff brought the experience down for me. This place is a one and done for me.
3	We had dinner there this past Sunday. The food is OK. One order was a steak filet. It was very dry. The other order was the ribs. We have had better. Not great food, just OK. Portions are large. Wine list is limited but adequate with acceptable prices. Service was excellent. Wait person was Kelsie. The baseball & overall sports collection is outstanding. It was about 2/3 full with several empty tables. If we go back it will not be for the food it will be to see the collection.
4	This was my first visit to Don and Chalie's.  I went with my wife.  When we arrived the lobby was jammed packed waiting to be seated.  Who is sitting in the corner signing autographs, is none other than the famous Willie Mays!  We went into the bar to have a drink before our table was ready.  Sat down and a gentleman came up and started a conversation with us.  Come to find out that this was another friendly patron who was there by himself.  Just needed someone to talk to.  Almost everyone in the restaurant was in a good mood.  Lots of autographed and sports memoribilia.  Found out that the owner's family owned Carson's Ribs: a Chicago staple.  So of course had to have the ribs.  They were fantastic.  Get the vinigar cole saw.  Out of this world.
5	Don and Charlie's restaurant is a must if your at spring training.  Great baseball memorabilia throughout the restaurant and bar, very impressive.  I had the 16 oz. prime rib with the double baked potato.  The prime rib would literally melt in your mouth and was one of the best I've had, reasonable price too.  My buddy had the BBQ ribs (don's style, charred) which were tender and charred nicely.  We had a great waiter (Brandon), very attentive who brought us cheesy bread (complimentary) upon learning we had never been there before, a nice touch. His service was excellent and so was the food.  If you love baseball and great food, you'll like Don and Charlie's.
4	We were introduced to this place when they offered a Groupon last year.  Friends had talked it up and we couldn't pass it up.  Since then, we have come back several times.    We've dined in the restaurant area and the bar area.  If we want the full service treatment, we'll go in the restaurant....for quick eats, we go into the bar.  You can get the same menu at the bar as the restaurant, but not vice versa.We've ordered the following:Chopped Liver Platter (Sweet Bell Pepper Strips, Carrot Slaw, Onions, Chopped Egg, 4.95Spinach & Artichoke Dip, 9.95Cheeseburger, $10.9512 oz Filet, $37.951/2 & 1/2 Cole Slaw, $2.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/don-and-charlies-scottsdale?select=1Ci3JFh8BI-pWVnAOzTxxw#1Ci3JFh8BI-pWVnAOzTxxwOnion Strings, $4.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/don-and-charlies-scottsdale?select=abvoE3gWzuqV72x055JNug#abvoE3gWzuqV72x055JNugThe Filet & Cheeseburger are amazing and are my favorite.  I order one of these every visit.  The Better Half loves the Chopped Liver Platter....it's not for me though.  The Onion Strings are addictive...you've been warned.  I love how they offer a Cole Slaw side dish that's 1/2 Creamy and 1/2 Deli style....they're both good, but I give the nod to the Deli style if I had to choose only 1.The service here is pretty good.  The only complaint that I have is that they never have any Ribs when we're here.  Our 1st trip, we came at 8:30 pm and the server told us that they were out of Ribs and that if we ever wanted to have them we'd have to come early like around 5:30 pm because they only order/prepare a limited amount....OK....so we came one day at 5:30 specifically to try the Ribs, guess what?  They were out already....WTF?!  Come on Don & Charlie....order enough to at least give us the opportunity to try this....I'm not going to play the game of come earlier next time.  That's the only bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended) about this joint.Return Factor - 80%
5	Accidentally showed up an hour early for our reservation (my fault when I calendared it). NO problem! Even better because even though the lobby was mobbed they sat us right away and we had a great corner table in the main dining room. Since it was early, and just filling up, we had time to chat with our server, Christine. She was fantastic, and not just because we were all from the same town back on Long Island.She told us about serving my all-time baseball hero, Willie Mays, the night before and how he was as great as you think he is.We had the ribs and the broasted chicken. Almost too much food. And it was perfectly made. Since it was my birthday, Christine brought me a sundae, which of course I had plenty of room to finish! Overall, a great, fun place. Like being in Cooperstown Hall of Fame, only better. Because they don't serve food and drinks in Cooperstown!
5	Had a great dinner with my buddies! Staff was friendly, food was perfect and they got us in and out efficiently even though they were absolutely slammed!
5	I really love this place, and have eaten here twice lately. It's a great atmosphere and is almost always busy. You need a reservation to eat here during spring training, for sure, but the rest of the year it's pretty easy to get a table.  I always get the same thing when I come here; cuda cut prime rib cooked medium rare and it's always fantastic. The crust on top is fabulous and its juicy and tender. My sister had the triple crusted filet's on the waitresses recommendation and she said they were cooked perfect. I upgraded to the twice baked potato and the top was crunchy with a soft inside and good flavor. The service has been spot on during my visits, attentive and quick, but not rushed by any means, plus the extra side waiters make sure to keep the water filled and the plates cleared when needed.  We decided on their delicious banana pie for dessert, but had them wrap it up since we were full from our dinner and they graciously did. The piece of pie we got was so big we split it and still had more than enough for each of us! I wouldn't say Don & Charlies is casual, but it's definitely not as buttoned up as City Hall, another favorite. If you're in the mood for a good steak and service in a fun atmosphere Don & Charlies delivers.
3	We came here mostly to check out the memorabilia. It is certainly impressive. I mean, I had heard about it of course, but when you see it, its like,..,.,., goddamn!  Some chatty MILF was telling me its the best place in town. It was EXTREMELY CROWDED. So, if you don't like crowds, its not a good place. Also, its probably a good idea to make a reservation. I liked it enough that I would go back if I were in town. Seems kind of pricey.
4	Love restaurants that have this sports atmosphere - plenty of pix, artifacts, autographs and memorabilia.  Food was very good, as was the service.  Prices were reasonable.  We'll go back on next visit to Scottsdale.
5	Impressive is the first word that comes to my mind. I was reading some past reviews and kept thinking they must have gone to a different place if they rated this place less than 4 stars..Our Server was Christine. She was amazing from start to finish. We felt welcomed the moment we sat down. She greated us as if we knew her for a long time. She had a great knowledge of the menu,  history of the place,  and shared some fun stories. We ended up ordering 2 appetizers cheesy bread and the Coconut Shrimp. Both were good. The onto our coleslaw YUM just like Granny's. Our entree was cooked just how we asked for it. Lots of food and tons of Choices. OUr dessert we split a Creme Brulee which was amazing as well.From start to finish our experience was fantastic and I cant wait to come back next year.. I just hope we get to sit and visit with Christine again..You guys have a gem there I hope you treat her and your serving staff they way they deserve becasue they all looked like they worked like crazy but appearred to be having fun doing.. Thanks again Don and Charlies!!! We will back next yearGo A's
4	Service was very good waiter went out of way. Food was very good. Little disappointed ran out of lobster and only 630.  Prime rib excellent
4	Service, dinner, wine and dessert were all excellent.  Our server (a former owner of a Greek restaurant, as he mentioned) was very attentive and during the meal's only misstep--when a friend's steak came out medium rare, and he was hoping for it to be rare--our server and management were very accommodating in bringing out a corrected portion.  Calamari and the cheese bread were great; we got a $70 bottle of wine which was excellent, and my steak (8 oz. filet) was succulent and perfectly cooked at medium rare.  Desserts were fine; the cheesecake was the star of the three that we had (cheesecake, chocolate cake, key lime pie).  I have had better servings of everything elsewhere, but all of the chow was solid.My only knock is the space; while I'm sure it's fine for some, the low ceilings, tight restroom, and small tables (our table for six is a four-top in most cities I visit) make it much less than ideal for someone 6'1"...and worse for someone who's 6'7", like one of the guys I went with.All of this is to say that if you are a meat-eater under 5'10", you are all good!
5	If you're planning to come here during Spring Training season; MAKE A RESERVATION!! They start taking reservations on their website a month in advance for this time of year, and there's a reason for that. It is very, very popular. We had a reservation for 8:15pm on a Thursday night in March. We arrived about a 1/2 hour before our reservation, and when I checked in, the hostess said our table would be ready around the time of our reservation. Not a problem. We went to the bar, got drinks, and then wandered around & looked/took pictures of all the incredible sports memorabilia on the walls/ceilings. The place is incredible.The food: fantastic! If you check-in on Yelp, they've got an offer for a free onion strings or garlic cheese toast appetizer. My boyfriend go the prime rib & I got the ribs ("Don's way"). We both loved our selections. The ribs weren't fall-off-the-bone type ribs, but they were fantastic. I loved that there wasn't too much sauce. The tables are pretty close together in the restaurant because they try to use as much space as possible. This ended up being great for us though because we met two awesome men who were on their 24th Spring Training trip together. They were very enjoyable to talk to & I'm really glad we decided to talk to them. They've been coming to Don & Charlie's since the very beginning, and we hope to make it a tradition as well!
3	Wait is too long (during Spring Training) and the food is just ok.  It's nostalgic, so I'll keep going, but not super impressed.
5	A must for the sports fan!  Who cares about food when there is sooooo much to see?!?! The food happens to be good so it's an added bonus.  Service is fabulous - but make a reservation!  Open seats in the bar are few & far between!Thank you, thank you Justin Green for your awesomeness!!!
5	love it!! the chopped liver appetizer is great--plus all the other appetizers.  i also love their the lobster. our sons like their hamburgers and the pasta.  my husband has had the chicken, prime rib and steak and all great.  we eat out all the time, but always make sure we stop at don and charlies when we go to scottsdale!  don't miss this place--the walls, ceiling are all covered with sports memorabilia-dating back years and years and it is quite interesting!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Not what it used to be... As a Chicagoan, you will always meet other Cub fans or visitors from Illinois.  It is owned by Chicagoans as well which is comforting since Chicago food in AMAZING.  However, they used to serve a free ordoeuvre plate with bread which now you must pay for.  Still a great, fun place to go with all the sports memorabilia and old-Chicago vibe.  RESERVATIONS ARE A MUST!!! Especially during Spring Training, it will be very crowded.  It is a must-go for visitors from Chicago!
4	We at here just over a week ago, on a Sunday night during Spring Training.  We made a last minute reservation, and didn't have to wait too long, even though the restaurant was packed.  The memorabilia is FABULOUS!  And definitely gives you something to do while you wait.I ordered the Parmesan Crusted New York and requested it "Don's Way", which is charred.  I also ordered a side of broccoli and a salad.  The salad was fabulous.  I don't know why it was so good, but it just tasted great!  The New York Steak was the best steak I have ever had.  The charred parmesan crust was amazing!  I would highly recommend ordering your meat "Don's Way"!!!  The broccoli was just broccoli, which is what I expected.  The steak was also served with grilled onions and mushrooms.  Sooo good!The only downside to our night was our service.  The waitress took forever to bring us our food, drink orders, etc.  She was just awful.  I would definitely go back to Don & Charlies, even though we had bad service.
3	Not really impressed sadly. It was my first time and I have wanted to try Don and Charlie's for years and just never made it over. The food was good but not great. We started with the calamari which wasn't hot, it was barely room temperature. The ribs were good but I have had better at a much more reasonable price. My date had a filet and said it was good. We split the creme brule for desert and it was really good. I sat at the bar while waiting for my date to arrive and the bartender was wonderful. Friendly, fast, and made one hell of a drink! I probably would not go out of my way to go but wouldn't complain if someone picked it either.
4	Had a great night at Don & Charlie's.  All of the sports paraphernalia is fun and the food and service were fabulous.  The prime rib I had was perfectly cooked and was enough for two meals.
5	We love to go here. Always for a special occasion. Food is delicious and we always have so much fun.
3	While my husband loved the nostalgic atmosphere of this establishment, I would've been ok if I hadn't gone. It's definitely a cool place for the sports fanatic, lots of great sports memorabilia donning the walls. I found that the food was actually very good, however you get a ton of it so sharing an entree would be a good option. The crowd was made up of middle aged men and families. Word on the street is that it's a great place to see some of the athletes during spring training.
5	Went for dinner on Saturday night to celebrate my wife's birthday.  As always, the food (calamari, beef ribs, gold brick sundae) was outstanding!  Our waiter, Hershy was extremely friendly, personable and highly professional.  Everyone we came in contact with did everything they could to make our visit pleasant and enjoyable.  We have been to D & C's several times in the past and will continue to come in the future in spite of the hour & fifteen minute drive!
4	We had our anniversary dinner there on Friday. Calamari, Filet Mignon, and Prime Rib were excellent. we arrived early and were immediately seated. Service was very good.We will go back and will recommend Don and Charlie's!
5	Great place. I was looking for a steak restaurant to take my mom to on mothers day, because she was in town for my graduation from CA. I wanted something classy, that was not full of families (aka - small kids) but not too fancy. Don and Charlie's was perfect. Just the right combination of class, style, and tastefulness. Not so quiet that it's awkward, but not too loud that it's annoying. I had the 16 oz New York strip  George Will's style (garlic on top) and it was absolutely amazing. The sports memorabilia is really cool too. I recommend this place to anyone.
5	Fabulous food.  Amazing sports memorabilia.  THE BEST service!My favorites are the steaks, the creamy garlic salad dressing and the key lime pie!!!
5	Went back to Don and Charlie's for dinner the other night while I was in Scottsdale.  It's been a year since I was last here, but the quality of the food and the service are still top notch.  I discovered that when I checked-into Yelp I received a free appetizer, so I opted for the garlic cheese toast, which was awesome.  The ciabatta was toasted perfectly and if I hadn't thought about not finishing the rest of my meal, I would have eaten all of it.  However, I  managed to eat over half the basket.  I ordered the spicy broasted chicken and had to order their two awesome sides (creamy cole slaw and garlic mashed potatoes.  The skin of the chicken was crispy and the meat was both moist and tender.  The spice was perfect (a little heat, but mostly excellent flavor).  This quite possibly was the best fried (broasted) chicken I've ever had.  Plus, they give you 1/2 a chicken and even the white meat was extremely tender.  All I can say is "Wow".  I again surveyed and admired all the memorabilia inside the restaurant, while watching the Western Conference NHL Playoffs.  My server (Jaime) was very attentive and offered excellent recommendations for my meal.  Needless to say, I enjoyed another great meal here.
5	As a local resident who visits Don & Charlie's regularly, I can say that I have never been disappointed with the food there. It is always top-notch, and the service is always fantastic. Though the chopped liver appetizer is no longer free, it is still a terrific way to start everyone's meal.
4	Over the years I've been to Don & Charlie's MANY times.  It's once of my Dad's favorites, which is exactly why, when tasked with arranging a birthday celebration for him, I chose Don & Charlies.The food here is solid.  I wouldn't say it's the best I've ever had, but it is satisfying every time I am here.  The best part of this place, in my opinion, is the service and the ambiance.  This is truly a "guys place," filled with sports memorabilia... a guys dream.  Wherever you sit, just above your head could be a picture of your favorite athlete, from any sport... that's pretty cool.  This past time we were here, the food was spot on as always for our party of seven.  Everyone enjoyed their LARGE portions and tasty choices.  Our server was AWESOME... he even made a connection with my sister for his upcoming move out to LA.  His attention to detail and cheerful, fun attitude surly made the night that much more special.I know I didn't talk much about the food, but the fact is you can't go wrong here.  Don't expect a trendy, upscale dining experience, but you will have a night to remember!  Enjoy!
5	I have been going to Don and Charlie's since I can remember. You are always guaranteed a fabulous meal. In addition, Don is a kind man and cares about the restaurant. Enjoy dinner and create great family memories.
5	Can you say SPORTS MEMORABILIA? But I have to say the food stands on its own. I had trout, my husband baby back ribs.  Attentive service. Festive energy. Families, couples, golf foursomes. Wander and enjoy celebrity photos, autographed baseballs and bats...
4	Had a great time at Don & Charlies this past weekend. It was my nephew's wedding rehearsal dinner in a room that did a nice job of seating about 100 people. The food was good, but the staff was really amazing. The servers included Sam, Donna, Christine, Ana Leslie, and Pam. So appreciative of the remarkable job they all did. It's hard to believe that they were able to serve such a large group so well. These guys really know how to do a large group!So let's talk about the food. The meal started with what I understand is a staple at Don & Charlie's: chopped liver. It was pretty decent chopped liver, but it's hard to get rave reviews from me because my wife's chopped liver is widely believed to be the best in the world. The cheese toast was also pretty darn good and served really hot which, in my opinion, is a must for really good cheese bread.  Our meal included of a choice of salad which included a tossed salad, Cole slaw or potato salad. I choose the Cole slaw and assumed it would be on the side, since I have never had it served as a starter (like a basic tossed salad) but, nope, they serve it before the entree just like a green salad. A little strange to me, but, hell, these guys are entitled to do it any way they want to do it. Our group had a choice of four different entrees: prime rib, salmon, chicken, or BBQ baby back ribs (I did the ribs, of course). But since it was a family event, I had no problem finding someone to share the other three entrees so I'm here to tell you, all four entrees were damn good. There was nothing unusual about the preparation or particularly creative about their plate presentation. It's just a bunch of good, tasty food served to be chowed. And I definitely chowed! The prime rib was awesome. I love going to Lawry's Prime Rib for killer prime rib, and I gotta say this was some really good prime rib. The hot fudge sundae was a nice way to finish the meal but I gotta be honest, I was way too full to enjoy it. Although, I did eat most of it! I like the way they serve the hot fudge and whipped cream in separate little serving pieces. It helps keep the ice cream from turning to soup and you can adjust the ice cream, syrup, whipped cream ratio to exactly what you like.I gotta mention the memorabilia that adorns just about every wall in the place from floor to ceiling. I heard it's all been given the the owner Don, which is not hard to believe since most of it appears to have been signed with a personal note to Don. The guy certainly has received autographed memorabilia from just about everybody. He's even got a baseball signed by Babe Ruth stashed in there, the first one I've ever seen.Pretty cool place with generous portions of pretty tasty food.
5	This place rocks!  If your adventurous, try the liverwurst platter.If I am near Scottsdale, I will be eating here without question.  Bartender is very friendly and makes you feel at home if it's your first or 10th visit.The ribs are not to my liking but I prefer fall off the bone.  If you like to chew off the bone ribs, give them a shot.  A MUST try is the creamy coleslaw and boasted chicken.I am not a baseball fan but if you are the memorabilia will rock your world.
1	I felt as if I was eating at a hospital cafeteria. The food was cold with no flavor. Everything was terrible -I read the above reviews and was surprised.  The room is loud and crowded. The dinner service was just like Denny's. The price is debatable - too high for third rate awful food. Did i miss something? I asked for recomendations.....i ordered the dish my server said was very good . I had their chicken schnitzel , no flavor,  their potatoes, no flavor and the awful salad , a bowl of coleslaw -brown and vinagary. For the record I am a good cook, I use seasoning! I don't serve ice cold food.  Their prices, for you get, are outrageous , it really was cafeteria quality or airplane..........
5	There are many high-end fancy steakhouses in Scottsdale, all of which serve great food. Then there is Don & Charlie's, a mostly come-as-you are place with GREAT food and amazing service. The sport memorabilia testifies to the owner's love of baseball, etc., and the food  and service testifies to his love of quality and his customers. Go here. You will love it. Try the ribs as well as the steak!!!
3	The service is good; the restaurant is overloaded with baseball memorabilia; the bathroom is small; the parking is just as small; child menu is okay; my drink was watered down; the ribs were okay; the chopped steak was a little better, but for the price, there are plenty of better places.
5	My favorite restaurant in the country. I have been coming here for over 15 years and my wife and I recently had our rehearsal dinner here. The food was great as always and the service was immaculate. The manager and wait staff went out of their way to make sure     everything went great. I highly recommend this place to anyone. I am from Kansas City and I think Don and Charlie's has THE BEST RIBS ON THE PLANET.
3	Visited Don & Charlie for two consecutive Saturdays for dinner, the first visit was 4.5 stars and the second visit was only an average 3-star, rounding up and down? HmmmFIrst visit -  Very impressed by this museum-alike restaurant with all collections of baseball, hall of fame, jerseys, baseball bats, or you name it, all about sports! The manager or a guy in nice shirt got us a free cheese bread on the bar while we were waiting for our table as it was our first time, the cheese bread tasted almost like the Chicago-styled deep dish cheese pizza. Our order of medium rare prime rib and the BBQ pork ribs arrived pretty quickly after order is placed and the food was delicious.Second visit - We come back with a group of 6 the next Saturday, reservation was made for 7pm and just about 10 mins wait and we were seated. Waitress was an older lady who took care of us very well when took our ordering, however, one of the broccoli sides (and it happened to be mine) came out way over-cooked, you can so easily by the almost yellow-ish color when there was a comparison to a well-cooked one, and the taste was just...(don't even want to describe). When asked for a replacement, I was told that it has to be re-ordered, not sure what that means, but sure, i'll wait for another one...5 mins later, 10 mins later and.... until we finished our dinner, the broccoli still did not show up... the waitress had a few other tables and seems very busy, she came only once to check and left right after, I didn't even get a chance to 'chase' my broccoli...I guess it was good that 'extra order of broccoli' did not show up on the bill... And it took way to long for her to understand how to split the bill even when we wrote it down by credit card and amount... So be sure to tell your waiter or waitress to split your bill before it arrives!p.s. This is a popular restaurant, parking seems to be filled very quickly, you might need to park along the street side or the bank's parking lot across the street...
3	This was my first time here at the recommendation from the friends we were with and it was also restaurant week. I didn't partake in it but boyfriend did.The place is a huge memorabilia center...and its full of old people. We were the youngest people there, but I don't think that's a downfall...just funny.Most people are aware of how restaurant week works - 3 courses usually ranging from $30-$40 on a fixed menu. You also receive a free app when you check in- either the cheesy garlic bread or the onion straws. One thing I think is a rip off when you do restaurant week with these guys is that if you are two people ordering the restaurant week, you only get one app between the two of you - yet you still pay $30 each. The food is plentiful, but I just don't think that's fair. 4 people out of the 6 ordered from the restaurant week menu and I had the free app so we had the onion straws, cheesy garlic bread, and the spinach dip. The onion straws were bland, the bread was good, and the dip was good.Boyfriend had the prime rib with the twice baked potato, friends had the ribs with the twice baked potato and another the salmon. All came with cole slaw, either deli (vinegary with a kick) style or creamy (more traditional in my mind). Prime rib was good, not the best, salmon seemed ok from what she told me, and everyone agreed the ribs were the best. The twice baked was yummy (how can you go wrong with baked potato loaded with cheese?My other friend and I had the french onion soup and the wedge salad. The soup was bland was really pisses me off...this isn't just to this restaurant, its to all. I am not a huge salter, I am very conservative with how I use salt, so for me to go to a restaurant and think something is bland means that it was WAY under seasoned. The salad was good but again, how can you go wrong with something so simple? The portion was huge so boyfriend and I shared that.I think the real kicked with all of this was the price of the bill. It was $90 per couple including tip which on a regular date night I wouldn't think about, but from what everyone said I was expecting it to be more of a deal and better food. I think anyone is always upset when they don't get what they expect and have to pay a good amount for it.I would go back here again, but maybe not for dinner, maybe for happy hour or just a couple apps or something. I hate giving bad reviews, and really tried to look on the bright side of our experience and that's why I settled in the middle with three stars.
3	Went here during AZ Restaurant Week 2013. The baseball and other memorabilia is really cool. Check out the Hall of Fame autographed baseballs by the front door, pretty cool! As far as the food goes, my experience was that it was ok and I probably won't drive across town to dine there again.I had the Broasted Chicken and fries. The chicken, while good sized pieces, was dry. The breast piece was the largest and driest of the bunch. My wife had an order of the BBQ ribs which were, well, just average. My wife also had an issue with the over cooked broccoli.I just don't think I can recommend the place unless you live close or just want to see the memorabilia.
3	I and my daughter were in Scottsdale for spring training, so it was seriously crowded on the Saturday night we went. The noise level was beyond anything I've experienced!  Loud doesn't describe it. The food was great. I had the Chicago style Skirt Steak with burnt onions. Truly great!  The lobster my daughter had she enjoyed very much. The Caesar salad we had was below average. No anchovies and packaged croutons. I can't understand that in a good restaurant. Our waiter was bad - patronizing and insincere beyond what I find acceptable in a waitron - and he forgot our appetizer. I will go back if we come down to Scottsdale again. The food was good enough to warrant a return. I'll skip the Caesar Salad and hope for a better waiter. A reservation is a MUST!  What a crowd this place draws!
5	Awesome dinner. Waitress Shelby  was exceptionally knowledgable,kind and service orientated.  Will return for her service and mngr Petros went beyond to make sure service and food were great. Thank you for a great dining experience!!Lori Agresta
5	This place was fun for my kids.   Lots to look at on the walls and ceiling.  The portions are HUGE, too.  Really good food, too.  The wait staff was very friendly and we never had to wait for anything.  We will return!
4	Always great food and atmosphere.  The steaks are terrific and the broasted chicken is top notch. Ask for Sam as your server.  He's attentive but not overbearing. A great experience that I was thrilled to share with my visiting family.
3	Food is overrated. Nothing special here. The sports memorabilia and ambience is great. Again, food is just ok but a cool place to look around.
5	You wouldn't believe what a great job they do with take out. Have a great dinner at home with the rib and 12 oz filet combo. Get the steak char crusted. Yum
3	At one time I would have gave Don & Charlies 4 or 5 stars. My two favorite things about Don & Charlies are now gone.1.) They used to give chopped liver with every meal as an appetizer and it was amazing. Now, they no longer give it and instead charge for it as a starter. Also, something about the recipe has changed. It isn't bad or anything, but it sure doesn't taste homemade anymore.2.) my favorite entree - what I used to come there for weekly - the trout, is no longer on the menu. At one time I used to love this place, but now it seems just OK.
5	Perfect spot for anyone who loves sports and great food. We celebrated a birthday for a friend last night at Don and Charlie's and everything was perfect. Make sure you have a reservation on Friday and Saturday nights, we had one and by passed a 30 minute wait. Start with an app and hey check in here on yelp and it's FREE! The steak sandwich is unique in that's it's not a sandwich at all but rather a genii round sized steak with cheese bread, best plate at the table in my opinion. Did I mention they had old style, nothing like a fancy steak and a can of old style. You pay for what you get and in this case it's a great ambiance, great food, and great service!
1	I have traveled the world to eat in hundreds of amazing restaurants, some mediocre and some not so good....HOWEVER, THIS WAS ACTUALLY THE WORST RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE AND FOOD I'VE EVER HAD.To begin, my wedge blue cheese salad had a long black hair buried underneath the wedge.I ordered Chicken Schnitzel.Two of our party of four ordered petite filets cooked medium well.The waiter brought out three out of the four entrees ordered.  The chicken dish was actually cold, tough, completely tasteless and disgusting.  I didn't touch it after the first bite.One of the two steaks was missing and the other was not a filet.  When I asked the waiter what cut of beef he delivered, he had NO IDEA...he didn't even recognize that it was a slice of beef and not a filet.Then, after informing him that it wasn't a filet, he took it back and the manager came over.  The manager said the waiter had written down the wrong order and they were going to "start cooking the filets now."Thirty-five minutes later, the waiter came back with two filets.  One was butterflied (which no one ordered) and one wasn't.  Of course, the waiter didn't notice that the two steaks he was delivering looked completely different.  When I asked him why one of the steaks was butterflied even though no one had ordered it that way, he didn't know what "butterflied" meant and sat there with a blank expression on his face and mouth open.When our friends cut into them, they were both bloody and almost raw.  The manager came over again and said they didn't "cook them right and they were going to cook them again."By that time, we all decided we had had enough.  The two attempts at cooking the steaks properly for over an hour was so frustrating that no one in our party wanted to wait any longer.The waiter NEVER ONCE mentioned any problem or apologized about anything.- HAIR IN THE SALAD.- COLD CHICKEN.- TWO COMPLETE FAILURES AT COOKING FILETS.- ONE AND A HALF HOURS IN MISERY.Honestly, if I could have rated this restaurant with a zero, I would have.  I've have never had...none of us had ever had a worse restaurant and food experience.P.S.  The waiter put the uncooked steaks in a doggie bag that was dripping blood out of the bottom of the bag.  We were given $100 of certificates to return which we have decided to give to the homeless.  We would never consider going there again.Try City Hall / ExcellentTry Capitol Grill / ExcellentTry Ruth Chris / Excellent by comparison.P.S.S.  I forgot to mention, as icing on the cake that we never ordered, the waiter was coughing during each visit to the table.
4	We came here for my daughter's and niece's birthday. We've been coming here and used to be really regular but haven't been here for awhile. So we decided D&C's was the place to go this time. I just love this place because of the atmosphere and the decor. It's all about sports. Baseball, football, jersey, helmets, and pictures all over the place. If you love sports then this is the place for you. The place is always busy and the table are always close to each other. If you get a table in the middle of the dinning room then there is hardly no walking room. This is all part of the experience. We had the fried calamari and cheese bread for appetizers. The calamari had a nice crust  and crispy. It was pretty good with the tomato sauce. The cheese bread was good and cheesy. Overall, the appetizers were okay. We all had the clam chowder and it was pretty good for our area but can't be compared to SF. So I had the full rack of baby back ribs. My wife had a half rack of baby back ribs with coconut shrimp and my kids had the cuda cut prime ribs. The baby back ribs were very good. Mouth watering and the meat would just fall off the ribs. The shrimp were huge and were really good. Prime rib was gobbled up. I also had a double baked potato. So overall the dinner was really good. So if you have a chance to try this place. Enjoy and have fun.
5	We stopped here from out of town and decided to give this restaurant a try on Friday, 11/29.  Love the decor  and atmosphere along with the bar.  We had a couple of drinks in the bar before being sat at our dining room table. The bartender, provided prompt service and was very cordial. She validated our first time at Don & Charlies, and gave a brief overview of the restaurant and its history.When we were called to our table, we had a young man named Jeff as our server.  He provided us with good tips on our interested appetite selections. I had the prime rib which was excellent tasting and very tender along with cole slaw.  My husband had the blue royal burger and our friend had the shrimp de jonghe with cole slaw.  Overall the food was delicious and our server took care of us. Next time in town, we would like to visit Don & Charlies again, and recommend it to others.
4	I went there last night after being "enticed" to return after writing a prior review that wasn't what one would refer to as all that positive.    Well, I must admit, it was a much better experience than prior.   Jeff F was our server.   Even though it appeared the restaurant was quite busy, he was very attentive.   After checking the wine menu and  giving his advice on what was a good cab, which I solicited, I started perusing the food menu only to see there were bar suggestions.     I quickly had him flagged down and he helped me order my all-time favorite, which the bartender managed to make to perfection.   Ahhhh.    A good start, indeed.   We ordered the cuda cut prime rib and the spicey broasted chicken.    The cuda cut was cooked to perfection and very tasty.   The spicey broasted chicken was flavored with the right amount of spices.   For our sides we ordered the chicken soup, which had large pieces of chicken and well seasoned.   Also ordered were the baked potato and french cut fries.    I liked the fact the baked potato was covered in spices.    No plain jane potato here!  The fries were so-so.    I think it would be a good idea to add a little seasoning to take it out of the ho hum category.     I would categorize my return visit a success and would probably visit again.
5	Amazing. Food excellent. Service amazing. Atmosphere wonderful! !!  Would come again for sure!
5	Five stars.  Great atmosphere, great service and great food.  Old school steak house that is informal.  Do  not go here for a romantic evening.  The entire place is covered is sports memorabilia.  Amazing.  FIrst Course....Checked in on Yelp and got a free appetizer.  Ordered the cheese toast... boring right?  No... VERY GOOD.. highly recommend.  Second course, ordered the cole slaw.  Saw they had a section and the menu and was intrigued.  They serve it before the meal like soup or salad.  I like coleslaw that was also VERY GOOD.  Nice taste of onions in it.  Main course was the "George Will", NY Strip with fresh garlic and a side of the Au gratin pototoes.  Ordered steak medium rare and came out medium or better.  Said something to waitress... boom... it was gone and new one was back in 5 minutes.... medium rare.  Very Good steak!  However, I was a little jealous of my some of my friends choices.  One ordered the bone in ribeye...charred on the outside and medium rate in center.  AWESOME.  Another friend ordered the mash potatoes.   I like mashed and these are very good.  Creamy.. not chunky.   No room for desert.  Spent about $70 for dinner including a couple of drinks.  Well worth the money.  I wish I could have spent more time looking around.
5	We are on the brand new patio sipping our margarita's and martini's....awesome! The patio heaters are keeping us toasty while we wait for our burgers!! Patio also has a fireplace on it as well for chill-axing with a drink! Great sunset glow on the patio too!
5	My wife and I celebrated Valentine's on Thursday 2/13, always avoid 2/14, all restaurants way too crowded.  Anyhow, Don and Charlie's was crowded but fortunately, I had made reservations.  They hit the mark right on, we were seated right on time.  Because this was our first visit, Pam, our exceptional waitress, comped us the parmesan bread and it is delicious...next time we visit, I will gladly pay for the scrumptious bread.  The menu is vairied, lots of beef and ribs, seafood and more.  I won't go into what we ate because I humbly believe that whatever you order will be delicious and plentiful.  The atmosphere is a little noisy but that's OK, the vibe makes for the dining experience.  You could go crazy looking at all the sports memorabelia, if you are sports fan, any sport, you will find something to ooh and ahh over.  I have to repeat, Pam our waitress was terrific.  They were unusually busy that night because of a large take-out order that came as a surprise to the restaurant and the wait for our main dish was a little long.  Pam made sure we were informed that all was in order and to be candid, it was nice having a little time between our salads and the main dish.  I understand that a diner or two could have a less than perfect visit to any restaurant but I don't understand how anyone could rate Don and Charlie's anything less than 5 stars.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks to Pam, you helped make my Valentine's weekend.
5	I have been going to Don & Charlies for years and am amazed how consistant the food and service is. Love the creamy cole slaw, liver, Seattle Salmon and especially the ribs. The memoriabelia is a Major League plus.
2	The wait was unexpected at such an early hour of the evening. 5:00pm, but then I noticed everyone was probably coming from the same game we got out of 25minutes earlier...   They have gigantic tables in the restaurant, so it feels a little bit crammed; however, you can not pay for the busy buzz the restaurant has to it...I thoroughly enjoy a restaurant that is loud with laughter and chatter.  The server had ZERO personality and had blinders on. He never looked any of us in the eye or made us feel relaxed.   I ordered the burger with fries and then noticed it was $14.00. It was ordered Med-rare w/ cheddar. I received a Well done burger with American no lettuce, tomato, onion, or mayo... The server rushed by and I could not get his attention so I grabbed the girl who helped him bring out the trays. She was at the podium next to the manager when I explained it to her, so it was taken care of very quickly; yet, the burger just didn't taste that good...There was not much seasoning or flavor to the burger...It was just a big chunk of ground beef grilled...boring...   I gave two stars because the others at our table enjoyed the food.Service sucked, but whatever, it's his tip...Just don't get the burger, it's a $14 lump of $***
4	Very cool memorabilia and setting.  The food was really good for my friends rehersal dinner.  I'm sure it's not the cheapest place around but if you want great high class food in a classy sports setting it's a great place to visit if you're a bit flush.
5	for sure a place to visit. Its a baseball and other sports memorabilia restaurant.  In addition to a site to see a place to eat. We came in with a large party and everyone loved their food. Our waitress did an outstanding job. She supported our table and all the rest with great attitude. Visit this place if you are looking for a great place to eat and maybe catch a ball player here and there.
4	Great ribs and broasted chicken (tastes like fried chicken...not really sure what makes it "broasted"). Service is really excellent and the place is a lot of fun, especially if you like baseball. Good for large groups and it's a bit loud and crazy so that makes it good for kids too.
1	We had a party of 6. Five out of six steaks had issues with one served raw. Horrible experience. The manager was not apologetic at all. Very disappointed.
5	A must stop for spring training fans. Always make it a point to come here on our yearly trip.  They're known for their ribs but i havent had anything on the menu i didt like. Love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere.
2	Food was not good at all.  Steak was very bland and others in the group didnt even eat their salad or chicken plate.  Ribs were terrible and tough as can be.  I have no idea why this place is happening other than I just had a bad nights luck at dinner.  The only thing that is impeccable was our waitress and manager that dealt with our complaints very well.  A++ for them.  I very rarely complain about food but I had to this time.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale I would like to try them again as I'm hoping it was just an off night.
1	Made reservations a month in advance, and this was to be our special dinner for our first time at giants spring training. We got there 15 minutes early and were seated fast, so good job on that. But then after we ordered our soup and beer the waitress disappeared for 20 minutes, came back and said if you order now it will be an hour before you get your meal because the giants management are about to order. COOL!?! We felt like less than dirt with that and asked for the check. The lady at the front desk was nice and waived our bill but seriously what a bummer, our first experience and our special dinner ended up at citizen public house, turned out to be amazing food. Go there instead.
5	BEST PRIME RIB I ever had. In Peoria for Spring Training this place was recommended by a friend in San Diego, thanks for the heads up Chuck. Worth a visit just for the baseball "museum". Not inexpensive but worth every penny. Service was top notch, we ate outside on the patio could not have been better in any way.
5	This place is amazing, being from Chicago this place falls right in line on Rush street. The memorabilia and the classic environment kick so much ass!!!
5	I have to say, they have the best steak in Scottsdale. I would come here each time I was craving steak. I love the sports memorabilia and the fact that it's so close to bars and clubs. If you are in Scottsdale and want to drink a lot and not get a hangover, eat steak here first. They have great appetizers and great service. What's not to like about that?
4	The restaurant has a plethora of sports memorabilia that overwhelms its walls. The good news is, it's popular. The bad news is, it's popular. Despite a reservation, we had to wait 30 minutes. They don't have a waiting room, just a sports museum type of long entryway with a very low-hanging ceiling. With a ton of people in the entryway, it started to get very claustrophobic. Once seated, the owner came by and introduced himself. Not sure if it was just because he knew a guy in our party or not, but nevertheless, he was very nice and funny. The waitress had been there for 9 years and was very knowledgable and held good conversation with the table. As for the menu, it was pretty pricey. I got a burger for $13 because the cheapest steak was a ground beef for I want to say $19. Pretty pricey all around. My burger was typical, big and tasty. I also tried my buddy's fried chicken, which was awesome. All around the table, the portions were huge. There were several to go boxes at our table.Forgot to mention, MLB commissioner Bud Selig, who has a steak named after him on the menu, came in to dine that night. It was the end of spring training and I'm not sure how often he comes in, but for any sports fan, it's got to be a great endorsement for a place that worships the game of baseball on its walls. Overall, it was a good atmosphere that would make the price worth it on occasion, if I were a resident of Scottsdale.
5	As a baseball fan, there isn't a better place to go!  Thanks for the hospitality.
5	This is a steak house the way real steak houses used to be. Definitely for the more mature crowd...as we are....pushing 50! Loud, dark, excellent service, wonderful food. We came with friends, and would probably not come alone, as it does get loud with crowded tables....definitely would not bring kids.Some yelpers have said that when they arrive, even with a ressie, they have to wait. We must have been lucky....we were seated immediately for our Saturday night 6:45 ressie. I'm not sure you could get into this place with out one. Oh! And they have valet parking for $7.00( a bit steep)...but there wasn't a spot to be found.I was very impressed with the food quality...as we started off with a huge plate of onion skins, courtesy of yelp. At the table they give you sliced bagel crisps and rye bread.I ordered the prime rib 12 oz medium rare with a side Caesar salad, mayo cole slaw,  and baked potato. Unfortunately they ran out of baked potatoes so I got potatoes au gratin. My steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I see why everyone loves the coleslaw....one of our guests said that he hadn't eaten a steak this good in a very long time.Don and Charlie's isn't for everyone, it's not trendy or gourmet....it's just solid good steaks and ribs, older crowd atmosphere, with excellent service you should expect from a great restaurant.
4	Still a great meal , although they now charge for their renowned chopped liver plate which use to be complimentary with the meal! Great, the greatest, baseball memorabilia outside the hall of fame! Come early just to look at all the famous pictures and baseballs! Coop had a great rib eye steak, and my ribs were so good (warning: they are dry ribs), that I now say they are my favorite ribs ever! Enjoy!! RS
5	We have been coming here for over 20 years.   One time, we flew in to town, had ribs here and flew home.   It is that good.  Tonight, we had dinner on the new patio.  This adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place.   If you come here for the first time, do yourself a favor and order the ribs.    They are life altering.   I am not kidding you.
5	A friend from Chicago who knew Don from the old North Side days brought me in here twenty years ago and it has been a regular visit for myself since and never once a disappointing meal (server and wait time though have been issues!) during that entire time.  Highly recommended.
2	The bread was sub-par as the bagel was crisp and overly salty. The butter was frozen and un-spreadable. The calamari was OK not the best and not memorable. Service-The waitress was polite, but not as interested in us as we did not order an inordinate amount of booze. The busser touched my father's fork on the head of it instead of the handle. Yuck.The steaks were OK but I've had better at Texas Road House to be quite honest. The additional char on the steaks is worth it, and makes a definite difference as my dad had his prepared this way and I did not.The gold brick dessert was pretty good, but the chocolate was very frozen.
5	If you are in town for Spring Training or any other reason, this place is a must!  Best baseball memorabilia this side of Cooperstown. And the charred ribs are amazing!  You need reservations in March or April for sure. This place is more than great dinner, it's an event, an experience, and will become a tradition for any first-timer.
4	Can I say... Yes Please!I recently came here for din din and I do to know why I don't come back here often! Wow!My buddy from Chicago has heard a great deal about the baseball history this place holds and the food so we decided to give it a go. We came here and ordered the calamari, ribeye with horse radish, and ribs. Ohhhh em gee. Everything was savory and cooked to perfection. My martini was okay, but who cares when the food was what we came here for. Their customer service was on point. Since I live walking distance to this place, I will be coming back sooner than you think.
5	It's a tradition for my stepfather to go to Don & Charlie's every time he comes to Scottsdale for Giants Spring Training.  I moved to AZ June 2013, so I got to go here as well as witnessing my first spring training as a resident of Scottsdale.ANYWAY!  The food here is excellent.  I had a few whiskey sours by the time I got here and forgot what I ordered, but I'm sure any steak is phenomenal.  Mine was.  Also make sure you get a baked potato with your steak and a good salad to go with it.  It's a very classy joint, especially if you're a sports fanatic like me.
3	I grew up eating at Don & Charlie's and honestly it's gone downhill especially for the prices they charge which just went up again. The dining room is nostalgic but it's tired. They are still using cheap plates and glasses and for the prices and childlike presentation, it's really weak! Additionally, they pack you like sardines, as my wife got her chair bumped by the waitstaff 4 times without even an apology. Food- it's good not great. We had the chopped liver to share and it's decent at best and if you grew up on this stuff, you won't think it's anything special.I ordered the broasted chicken $19, and u get 3 pieces ( drum, thigh and breast) while it was good, truthfully not nearly worth that price in the least. Sadly, a step above KFC.Others had the ribs & if you know BBQ, this is not!  These ribs are not smoked and therefore it's not BBQ as these appear to be baked, meh! Coleslaw, not fancy but very good. Baked potato, it's just that. Other sides- mashed, broccoli, fries again just pedestrian.Would I go again? Sure only to sit in the bar area for a burger. Skip the dining room, service is poor and food is average for prices seen in top prime steakhouses.Sorry Don, u look great after losing all that weight but this dining experience was very disappointing!
4	Don and Charlies, a Scottsdale gem that has been serving up midwestern (ala Chicago) food that hits mostly on all cylinders. While the food was THE standout star, the service and ambiance prevent it from earning a 5 star mark. Here's why:Service: We were greeted in a warm and friendly manner. However, despite having reservations they proceeded to make us wait 5-10min. Fine, we can look at all the baseballs.. did I mention they had a babe ruth signed one? The waitress was nice and even brought us some free cheesy bread. She made us feel like we were regulars, even though it was our first time dining there. The only downside, she was absent for a good chunk of the meal, only popping up here and there to deliver condiments and other things (granted their busy, but you should take extra special care of a first time diner) and can someone fill up my water glass?? You get thirsty eating bagel chips!Food:Wife and I had the Prime Rib, which were excellent in terms of quality and price. The Prime Rib was Prime Grade beef and it showed. Now, I've eaten at some of the best Prime Rib Spots here in the valley (Durants/Stockyards come to mind) and in Las Vegas, but this place is now up there. Not Lawry's/House of Prime Rib good, but no one in AZ is in their league. They said they had the best Prime Rib in town, one would have to agree... Salad: Deli style coleslaw. Vinegar and Sweet. Bring more now. Bread: Warm and soft. Especially the comped cheesy bread. That stuff I could eat all day. Dessert:Banana Cream Pie, ehh... I've had better.. Come to think.. You want good banana cream pie? Head to Emeril's Delmonico..Atmosphere:Nothing fancy, but clean and orderly. Nice baseball memorabilia on the wall. Only one problem. Its soooooo loud. Not obnoxious (well, except this one girl who sang happy birthday out-loud.. to the whole restaurant.. and she was a patron), but I had speak a tone that is not conducive to a trying to eat and digest a full pound of Prime Rib. Can they have less tables and charge like 5-10 more per entree? That would solve that. Or maybe we should go at like 7:30pm when all those grey hair had left....
4	I haven't been here in sooo long so we decided to give it a whirl since we were in the mood for steak. We arrived about 630 on a Sat night and were seated immediately in the bar, which was totally fine. We got a nice booth and our hostess (Molly) gave us a little history on the booth we were seated in. The reason we know her name was the hostess at the desk in front called her over an intercom about 15 times during our dinner "Molly...can you please come to the front"!. That was annoying while we were trying to dine and talk during our dinner. It was kind of cheesy considering the prices of their steaks. We actually thought the prices were too high for steak. The atmosphere didn't lend to the amount that was being charged. 40 dollar filet with no sides. No salad. No veggie. No.....! We decided on burgers, a ceaser salad and Mac n cheese. All were pretty darn good. I had the hickory burger with bbq, cheese and bacon. That's literally the best bacon I've ever had. My friend had the green chile burger and loved the heat of the chiles and pepperjack. Mac n cheese was delicious and creamy. The burgers come with coleslaw (deli or creamy), and we both had deli and it was very pungent and vinegary. We topped it all of with banana cream pie which was fresh and had lots of whipped cream on top. Definitely big enough to share. Our service was spot on and Keasha was efficient and friendly.  Oh yeah, you get a bread and butter plate that's pretty forgettable. They should save their money and not even serve it. We had a great overall experience and I would go back just for that bacon.
4	Since I'm pregnant, ordering steak isn't the same when I can't have it the way I want-medium rare. So I opted the pork chop and it was very good. Mashed potatoes on the side which were fantastic and their cole slaw was sensational. I highly recommend the fresh, not creamy, option. Some of the best cole slaw I've had! I thought it was an enjoyable restaurant.
5	Love this place. Cool sports memorabilia and great prime rib. I go there every time I'm in Scottsdale.
4	I should have already reviewed them from my visits over the last 20 years.  Always been a 5 star place and our go to for birthdays and a staple for Father's Day.  Spent this past Saturday night there for dinner and though the food was still good the whole experience was a 1 star.  Not going to give them a 1 star as they have killed it forever and hope that some training may help our hopeless server.  Never seen someone serving there that didn't know what he was doing, but this night it happened.  Waited 5-10 minutes for initial greet and forgot multiple items numerous times that we would shave to keep asking for (he was great at apologizing that he kept forgetting).  It wasn't just us either, the table next to us sat without butter or sour cream for baked potatoes for about 15 minutes and had to ask for it twice.  Ribs were awesome as always, my wife's salmon was cooked perfect.  Love seeing Don still walk the floor and so interactive with the crew.  We will be back.
3	This was our first time in Don & Charlie's and what a pleasant surprise it was.  If you are a sports memorabilia fan this is the place for you.  It is literally a sports museum with every type of sports memento you can imagine.  But this is also the place for you if you like plentiful, well prepared food and very good service.  A bread basket was served which consisted of rye bread covered with onion bits & garlicky bagel chips with butter.  Fresh and delish.  We started dinner with two house salads consisting of iceberg lettuce with a few tomatoes and croutons.  The salad was huge.  The blue cheese dressing actually had chunks of blue cheese in it which I totally enjoyed. Texas toast with a Parmagiana cheese crust was served prior to the main entrees.  Very yummy.  I had the NY strip steak garnished with delicious onion rings.  It was accompanied by a baked potato which was peppered and salted on the outside prior to baking.   The steak was a little overdone as I had asked for it medium Rare and it came out medium.  Nice char on the steak and it was mighty good.  Hubby's pecan crusted trout was good with one exception.  There was an excessive amount of butter/oil? on the plate. That was the only fault with the fish.  For dessert we had the "bric" sundae---large scoop of ice cream with a hardened chocolate top.  The service was attentive without being overbearing which made our meals all the better.  We will be back!
5	great food and staff and people, not for kids or babies.
4	This place is a community treasure, at least it is if you like red meat and sports memorabilia. It has good steaks though other places are better, it has a good (though not great) wine list, and makes a good martini which makes me happy. Our most recent trip was not the best experience, unfortunately. There are some good waiters and waitresses. Unfortunately we had a newer waitress and more unfortunately she didn't know the bar offerings and dinner menu as well as she should have. When we sat down I knew I wanted a vodka martini but when I asked she didn't know what I was asking when I inquired about the well vodka. I then added that I wanted to know what kind of vodka was in a regular vodka martini. She didn't know but inquired after I wouldn't choose a premium vodka. My martini was good.  My wife then asked about the salmon wanting a specific dish prepared a certain way. She was assured that was what she was ordering. It wasn't what she got. She didn't send it back since she didn't want to confuse dinner. The prime rib  and chicken entrees and the potatoes were great. The coleslaw is always  fabulous.  With two birthdays and a mistake at the table we got complimentary desserts and they were good. Once we got to food delivery the waitress did fine. I note prices are up. It isn't a top steakhouse but the prices are getting close to those I know.  If we hadn't taken advantage of 6 by 6 it would have been much more expensive.  We will be back. When at our Scottsdale place it doesn't seem right if we don't go at least once.
5	If you are a sports fan, you need to come here.  I am not a huge sports fan but I was nonetheless taken in with the amount of memorabilia, which covered the walls, ceilings and doors from the entrance throughout the entire restaurant.  Great energy in restaurant, but also intimate.  Friendly service, and good menu choices.  I tried both the rib eye and fillet steaks, charred ("Don's style").  Both steaks were perfectly cooked and tasted better than expected.
1	food has changed, not the same.  They charge for everything, fries, toppings, everything is extra.
4	Don and Charlie's is the epitome of an old school Chicago char-house. The sports memorabilia on the walls and pictures of celebrities that ate at the restaurant add to the authentic ambiance. The food was delicious and reminded me of home. The chopped liver plate is a must have for an appetizer. The BBQ baby back ribs were awesome and delicious.
5	This place is absolutely awesome! I have never been to such a classy sports bar. The food is delicious and the service is so friendly and helpful! I got the Seattle salmon and I would definitely recommend that dish to anyone! Even though it is a little more pricey I would definitely go back it! It was well worth it.
3	The good and the bad. Everything taste good and the portions are large. We had the trout and the bar'q chicken. The coleslaw is also excellent. But unfortunately overpriced for the far. $23 dollars for trout..really. 17.50 for bar'q chicken and salad was extra? So if you want to spend a little extra, you will be happy. But if you are watching your cash...see you later Charlie.
5	Great Chicago type restaurant without over doing it. You feel like you grew up with Don in your neighborhood and played ball down the street at an open field. The food is first rate and the sports memorabilia is unreal. Sam was our waiter and he was extremely attentive and prompt. I haven't been to Carson's Ribs in 20 years and the food took me right back.
3	Decent food.... total bill a little over 200 but definitely not worth the money. About 150 dollars worth.
4	Fun atmosphere, but a bit on the loud side. I'd truly give it a tad less than 4 stars. Pros: good food but just shy of great. Service was pretty good, no complaints. Cons: Weak wine list and a tad unrefined for the price point. I had the ribeye. That said, I'd come again, but more casual and go for beer and ribs, or burger.
5	Their prime rib is the best!! The service is great, and I could spend hours looking at the memorabilia. Definitely worth the price!
5	Love the food, the service is above average and so are the prices. They will be around for a long time if they keep up what they have. Never had my water below they halfway point in my glass.
5	Don & Charlie's is fantastic as always and on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  A $40 for $20 gift certificate.  Can't complain.
2	Really disappointed! My wife and I have been going to Don & Charlie's for 20 years. We went last Friday (9/12/14) - first time in about a year. WOW - has it changed. No liver appetizer plate any more - now al-la-cart; no soup or salad with dinner - now a-la -cart, no potato with dinner - now a-la-cart; desert was smaller than before. Had two drinks, slit an appetizer, my wife had prime rib off the before 6 menu and I had 1/2 slab of ribs; we split a desert. All for $117.00!!! This is not a "a-la-cart" restaurant. We won't go back - too many restaurants to choose from. I spoke to the manager the next day to complain. He told me the owner would call me. Still waiting after 6 days.Jeff J.
4	Ribs were great, but order early as they are known to run out within minutes of opening...not sure why they don't make more when they're so highly sought after. This place is is a real treat for any baseball lover; tons and tons of memorabilia.
3	Came here for date night with my Husby and we both ordered steaks. Had their wine and my husband had a cocktail. Its definitely an older scene, we were seated in the booth area at the bar. Its a cool place, with a cool ambiance. Lots of sports memorabilia which is fun. The service is alright, our waitress wasn't too helpful and our steaks came out over cooked and cold. We didn't want to complain as it still tasted ok but I don't think we will be back again. Overall everything was a ok but not amazing. Good for older people, not young couples.
4	Pretty good. Wasn't amazed by the food but it was solid did the trick for sure. The staff and service was very friendly and good. To mgmt: You guys should get a new sign. That faded one you have on the street does a disservice to the restaurant. A new cleaner one would help draw in customers
5	Great place 1st time had the ribs and gold brick...And my waitress was exceptional ...think her name was Amy...yeah it was Amy
4	This was a very interesting place. It's full of sports memorabilia, nearly covering every wall and ceiling. The server was very professional and knowledgable. The prime rib was delicious but too fatty for my liking. Twice baked potato was excellent along with the cheesy toast app. I recommend it if you're a sports fan.
3	Was on our Honeymoon last week and went to Don & Charlie's for dinner, Waiter was AWESOME.  Good food and great service. Only problem which nothing was done about it, was we sat in a booth and on the wall was a roach when we were eating our appetizers. I told a guy walking by (busboy) and he tried to kill it but no luck.  I also told waiter but no one said so sorry and would you like another table. I should of said to  change our seat but lots of people there and didn't want to cause a scene. Kind of ruined the mood for my husband and I.
3	Went here for a family birthday with 9 people. Everyone claimed the ribs are phenomenal. Ours couldn't have tasted any worse. Very tough and hard to bite in to. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars is because our server was very good. This place is overrated and over priced. Far better options now in Scottsdale.
4	Don is from Chicago. His Partners are Lettuce Entertain You. Chicago boys as well.This place makes the food desert of Phoenix bearable to live in. I don't have to order food and get it fedex. You can read the other reviews as most are spot on. Here are a few tips.If you like ribs that fall off the bone or are really meaty go to Hooters or Famous Daves. These are Ribs like you get at Carsons or Bones in Chicago. In my eyes the best ribs you can get. If you don't like them it is because you don't like Chicago Style. It's you not the ribs.Everything is now ala carte. The liver. I hate it, my wife loves it. It's not free anymore but it's enough for 3 people. The meat comes from Stockyards in Chicago. If you were to order them yourself online you will pay more for just the steak than a whole meal here. They are Prime Steaks. The Skirt Steak is one of my favorites. Again that is if you like skirt steak.The ribs, I love the ribs, Dons way with sauce on the side. The wedge salad. Best blue cheese dressing in the world.  The potatoes. Get the Au Gratin. If you like fires get the skinny fries. Instead of steak fries they are fresh cut yet a nice thickness, not skinny like in and out but thinner than Five Guys. I love Five Guys fries by the way. The burgers not so much. The burgers here at D&C are very good though. The hot fudge sundae is awesome. Really good ice cream homemade hot fudge is to die for and whipped cream is homemade.  Only problem is you don't get enough fudge or cream and they don't give you nuts anymore because of all the folks with allergies.If you get a steak and it's not the skirt get the filet. Get it medium rare with char crust. If you get it any other way it will either be dry cause it is over cooked or flavorless because they don't use butter or bacon on them to help a fairly tasteless cut of expensive meat. If you get filet at D&C it's because you like filet and love the side dishes and dessert. The pork chops are not the same as Chicago. They are thin and tough. It's expensive so share. One dinner is enough for two people to split. My wife and I order the ribs with Au Gratin and a wedge. The only problem is no leftovers. We love the leftovers. There is room for a small hot fudge sundae though.Go either early or late and sit in the bar area. If their is a sports team or celebrity you will be treated like chopped liver. Don didn't get all those autographs on the wall for nothing. The athletes get served first.
5	Service is great!  Food is delicious. Atmosphere is a bit loud due to the open area seating.
2	Wow! What a disappointment! I remember going to Don & Charlie's for an elite event a few years ago and especially loving the creme brulee because there was a rich chocolate layer that gave you the sense the entire dish was built on a hershey's bar! We came to Don & Charlies last week as a part of our Steak Out (search for the best steak in the Valley) --I recommended it with dessert in mind! -- and within 3 bites, we could confidently say this was not it! My tomato soup was good but that's about the only nice thing I can say about this visit!Overall, the experience failed to meet expectations.My fillet was barely seasoned and was cooked to medium well, despite being ordered medium. We discussed sharing our disappointment with the waitress but we noticed others weren't sending food back, so we figured it was common practice for the kitchen.The cheesy bread appetizer (complimentary with check in) took forever to arrive, so by the time it did I had had my fill of bread from the standard issue basket.There was nothing notable about the creamed spinach.The chocolate at the bottom of my creme brulee more closely resembled a faint layer of chocolate pudding than the rich, chocolatey hershey's bar I remembered.Sadly, I'm in no rush to go back.
5	We've been going to Don & Charlie's for many years. The food and service is always fantastic. We had never sat at the bar until last night. What a great experience it was. Our bartender, Shelly, was exceptional!! She introduced us to everyone at the bar, it was so much fun. She knew everyone by name, which was pretty amazing.We've been to many bars in Scottsdale but Shelly really raised the bar....literally. Never had to wait for a drink. Never felt rushed to order food. We needed gift cards and she called an employee to come and take care of us.The food was delicious as always. We really enjoy the breadbasket with the salted rye bread and bagel crisps. In al the times I've been there I never had the broasted chicken. It was so good.I had it with the mashed potatoes. I upgraded to the Caesar salad which is always great. My husband had the Chicken Schnitzel which he had never had. He was very happy with it. The lemon sauce that accompanied it was so good. The chicken was golden and crisp on the outside and melted in you mouth.So glad we chose to give the bar a try. We will definitely do that again. FYI - if you want a seat at the bar you need to be there at 5:00. We arrived at 5:05 and luckily got the last 2 seats at the bar. There are plenty of booths and tables in the bar if you don't get a seat at the bar.Definitely try to sit at the bar when Shelly is working. She's the BEST!!
1	I ate in here on 12-26-14  and my food was cold. When I complained the owner told me to eat it or leave . He told me  that he was tired of me returning food.  The only problem is, This was my first time dining here.  I chose to leave.  The owner iS rude
4	When you want to get down on some seriously good bbq, come here! Came on a busier night (pre Fiesta Bowl 2014 game) so our service was a little slower (but still fine nonetheless). Food came eventually. The baby back ribs, prime rib, and broasted chicken were are delightful. Cozy, casual vibe here, nothing too fancy. But they do have a convenient $5 valet service right out front which is nice since the parking situation is a bit tight here. Recommended for your bbq craving!
