3	Huge portions, salsa bar, cheap and the staff is friendly.I didn't particularly care for the taste... I like Chipotle's spice style and this one tasted bland to me.I had the Overachiever taco combo with steak and all the fixin's... the steak totally ruined it for me.  I was wishing I got a vegetarian one, but I tried my partner's chicken on her club nachos and the chicken was good.For someone who doesn't eat a lot, don't get the overachiever combo unless you plan on saving some for later.
2	Moe's is very average food. There isn't anything that stands out and falls behind similar places-Qdoba, Chipotle etc. The food was fresh and tasted alright, but was nothing special. The burritos are on the smaller end and has smaller portions inside the burrito.My biggest problem was the value. There is NO way a burrito of that size with that little rice, beans, meat should cost over $7.50 for an original size. I've had bigger and better burritos that cost around $5. A small soda for $2.50 is also a bit much (free refills).With each order you do get chips and salsa. I really liked the chips. Salsa was okay.One other thing that baffled me. My wife ordered a Triple Lindy burrito in a bowl. You get this in a white box. When you try to throw it away, you can't fit the box in the trash can as the top is configured in a weird way. Good thinking.....I was amused by the name of the Burritos-Homewrecker, Art Vandelay etc. Good stuff!Moe's won't be high on list to go back to around Jobing.com for me. There are other places that are better.2.5
4	Stopped in here after a movie and before the Cardinals first pre season game. They had a sign on the door, any burrito and a beer for $6.67. The burrito was as good as any I've gotten from Baja Fresh or Chipotle but obviously much more affordable. Beers are $2 each if you want more, and I think this place is the best kept secret at Westgate. I will be going there again! Give it a try.
3	The burritos are just okay. You can get better at Rubios or Chipotle! The nachos are HUGE - the hubby and I split an order and still didn't finish them. A little disappointing though. I found the toppings kind of bland. But hey, where else can you get $2 Heinekens and $1 Bud Lights on a Friday night? Moe's that's where!
4	"Welcome to Moe's!" I usually hate when an establishment has some sort of forced greeting like this, but for some reason, I love it at Moe's. While the food is not better than chipotle, or Baja Fresh, or most other fast food burrito chains, Moe's has a couple of things going for it that I really like. The big one is a different option than most. You can order the Triple Lindy, which gives you the choice between sour cream and guacamole. Since I dislike sour cream and love guacamole, this is perfect. Most other places (Chipolte) overcharge for gauc. Moe's on the other hand, charges you if you want both (the Home Wrecker) or the cheap option is one or the other (the Triple Lindy). Moe's also has a pretty good selection of cheap beer!
5	We moved to AZ about a year ago.  Prior to that we lived about 20 minutes from a Moe's.  Now we live about 45 minutes away.  Even with the drive, this Moe's is way better than our old one.1.  They have daily specials.  Kids eat free on the weekends.  Other meal deals during the week.  Awesome.2.  We eat tofu.  So, when we get there we have to wait 6 minutes while they cook it.  That kinda sucks...except we just get our chips and queso and eat that while we wait.  Then they always make us a TON of tofu and it's nice and fresh and hot.3.  They are not stingy with the food.  They give you what you want and they don't skimp.4.  They are friendly there.  That says a lot.5.  The store is not dirty.  I mean, it is still 'fast food-ish' so don't expect pristine but we do see them out cleaning it up.  It's in way better shape than the last Moe's where we used to go.Bottom line:  despite many, many food choices within 10 minutes, we still spend the time and gas money to hoof it on over to Moe's as often as possible.
2	This is our first (and last) AZ Moe's experience.  We lived 3 minutes from a Moe's in Ohio and always joked about the perpetual problems that NEVER got fixed.Somehow, 2000 miles away, the problems are identical.1.  Tofu is offered as a "meat" option but they were out of it.  The girl making the food didn't know where they kept the frozen tofu.  Same thing as Ohio.2.  Certain vegetables not available.  "I showed up today and NOBODY had done any prepwork!  Sorry!"  Again, same thing as Ohio.3.  One worker prepping food and ringing out on the register, and one worker rummaging around a freezer the entire 15 minutes they were in line (maybe looking for tofu?)  So, as the line lengthened with a Sunday lunch crowd, the poor girl became more and more frustrated.  (Yep, same as Ohio).  As I looked at my burrito sitting, getting cold, waiting for the girl to finish plating and ring it out, I just wanted to leap behind the counter and grab it.We honestly do like Moe's food but there's some fundamental lack of management oversight to allow these problems to happen... over and over again.
3	I got the Joey bag of donuts burrito with chicken.  It was OK.  Smaller in size compared to Chipotle, and the favor just did not do it for me.  The free chips that come with the meal were GOOD!!!  Chipotle still captures my heart.
1	This restaurant is out of business. I was really disappointed!
