1	When you're dying to see a new release, that's when Blockbuster is convenient.  Just walk in the store and there it is. But for getting movies in the mail, their online service pales in comparison to Netflix.For this location, one demerit is for being such a small store.  They're only interested in renting new releases for 5 bucks, probably because they insist on paying rent to be across the street from Starbucks.  Three more demerits are for having really lousy customer service.  I've only had bad experiences eight out of ten times I've visited this specific store.Can't I give you my money to rent a movie without you treating me like dirt?  Can I stand in line without having to watch the manager berate employees in plain view to make himself feel important? Apparently not!  From now on I'm only going to Visart on 7th Street.  The drive is more than worth it for the selection when I don't want to wait a day for Netflix.  And I don't have to deal with more drama than what's in the movie I want to see.
2	It seems like this Blockbuster is about the last one standing. Everywhere you turn another one closes. The nice thing about this store is that it is pretty organized and clean. I also liked that they had an older movie in stock that I needed that same day.The mixed part of my experience is the customer service. It seems to be hit or miss. During my most recent visit, the employees were friendly and seemed to work hard. However, they didn't hold a movie for me that I called for. Instead they said they would and then when I got there to pick it up, I found out they didn't and then I had to spend some time searching for the movie. Thankfully I eventually found it. Blockbuster saved me in a pinch!
4	Miguel and Tony made the stop in a 4 star review. They were animated, comical, and had fun customer service...great entertainment even before getting the movie rental.Blockbuster, do yourself a favor and hire more staff like them...
5	My favorite place to rent movies!  The employees here are AWESOME and  the selection is always up-to-par.The customer service here is really what makes me want to come back to this place.  They always have good advice/suggestions.  Plus they don't judge me when I rent an occasional Disney flick.They usually have pretty good sales too!Two thumbs way way up!  Not to mention Menchie's right across the street!
