4	When you don't want to deal with Peter Piper... You drive your kids 30 minutes down Litchfield and come to Chucks. Added bonus - free tokens for military. I didn't have my ID on me, but I did have my dog tag, and that was good enough. We didn't get a police discount - not that it mattered, but once we saw the military token offer we figured we'd shoot for the gold and ask that too! Score one for Mommy minus one for Officer Bill!  Games were clean and worked. Tubes were clean which is nice. Tables were clean. Bathrooms were clean. Basically it was clean all around. I like that each game takes only 1 token. Prizes are good for the kids. Something for everyone no matter how many or less tickets they earn. (Collin 600 - Chase 44) It was a bit $$ even with a coupon. Which you can show from your phone. So google coupons before you go in. It was $55 for 2 lg pizzas, 5 drinks and 120 tokens.
4	As far as Chuck E Cheeses go, I thought this place was fairly "clean" compared to others.  They had hand sanitizers throughout.  Albeit on the small end, the kids had a great time - ages ranging from almost 2 years old to 8 years old.  I would go there again.
4	I took my son here for a few of his birthdays. Overall, the experience is great! The staff is great at taking care of your needs. They go out of their way to ensure that you have a good experience. The birthday packages are great, especially given that the kids are left with plenty of tokens to have a good time. My sole complaint: Other parents failing to supervise their kids. I've been spit on and had a few kids attempt to steal the candy from my son's pinata while their parents looked on (as well as one parent who attempted to grab a few things off of our table - you know who you are). All-in-all: Great place for birthdays! If you get here early enough, you get the whole place to yourself for a few hours (just an FYI). My son outgrew the games and we'll miss this place. Take advantage of this place while you can!
4	Always your best bet when it comes to small kid entertainment.  This CEC was pleasantly clean and had all the games in working order.  I also think they must have changed the pizza because it's not as greasy as I remember it, which is a good thing.  I ordered the family 2 pizza deal and it fed my three boys well.  I went to purchase a salad from the salad bar and the nice guy at the counter let me have it for free.  If you think about it, you'd end up shelling out way more money taking the kids to an amusement park or the fair.  It's a nice celebratory place where everyone can have fun.
4	We come to this CEC every trip we make to Pheonix.....about twice a year.  We have always had a great time!  My kids are 7 yrs and 4 yrs and love this place.Today we went and found 8 machines not working.  My kids were in tears from frustration.  I found an employee who gVe the kids a handful of tokens and began working on the machines.  I was impressed.  My kids have once again had a blast!  *The pizza was awesome.  That always shocks me.
2	Again a disappointment at Chuck E Cheese. 9 machines down. Management waits till CLOSING to put game out of order notes up!  All these poor kids :(
5	This is the best one in the valley!
3	Lots of birthday parties for the kids here.  It always seems packed but I think that is because there are not many of these in the west valley.  Pizza is tolerable and service is average.
2	This chuck e cheese had the mouse come out and dance with the kids. My kids liked it and had a good time here. The bad: it's super dirty. Tables were dirty with food and no one bothered to clean them the whole time we were there- they remained dirty. There were very obnoxious  kids playing tag and running wild through the place, that no one did anything about. Some kids were crawling inside the machines to cheat (ski ball and basket ball) and no one cared. There was no diet coke in the machines. Also some of the machines were out of order. Will hope my kids don't beg me to come here again. I will have to bribe them with toys r us, and everything else on the way first before coming here again.
