3	Now for someone like me searching for jeans is a total nightmare! In fact, I'm not a fan. I'm height challenged, my butt can get in the way, and I still don't have enough meat on me, even though I stuff my face. On top of that, I have to find the right wash & factor in that jeans stretch through time. So to have a place organized is one less thing to worry about. For an outlet, Levi is pretty well organized. Left side: Men. Right side: Women. Middle: Register & Fitting Room. Plus I love shopping at a bargain! Especially at the Levi outlet. It's hard to not to pass up jeans for half the price!They have a handful of selections in different cuts. I found that for me, I can never find a consistent size. So to the fitting room I go! For a Monday afternoon the fitting room line was ridiculously long! After waiting in line for a good 10 minutes, I find that my jeans don't fit. So here comes their major downfall: service. I ask the young gentleman for another size, but he refuses to get them for me, or even ask someone else. So I ask if I could get it on my own and come back, to which he says I have to get back in the line. Wow really?! 10 minutes in line, how in the world would I know these jeans wouldn't fit, and you're making me go back in that horrendous line?!  Horrible, and sad that I'm walking out empty handed! Despite the poopy man working the fitting room, everyone else on the floor seemed nice & helpful in finding sizes. Please make an effort to actually help your customers at the fitting room!Sorry Levi, you just missed out on the money I was planning to give you. But that's okay, perhaps we'll meet again...as these jeans I have  on now won't last forever.
5	You can find the right jeans with the best service!
4	Only one rude worker out of ten, not too bad. There's an old guy trying pants with the door open, little skivvies hanging out. Kinda cute. Place us really clean. Music not too loud.
5	Single best customer experience of my life, and I ended up with three new pairs of jeans at super reasonable prices.Not sure if it's the norm in USA, but I was not expecting the staff to go and get other sizes of jeans for me while I was in the changing room. Couldn't have been any easier all round.The product knowledge from the staff was outstanding. Very impressed.
