5	A slice of pizza was bigger than my head! When I think of a pizza joint, Luigi's is exactly what I imagine. You walk up to order and they have everything from slices to whole regular or Sicilian pizzas, hot sandwiches, pasta or other Italian specialties, salads, and a bunch of appetizers. You can get a variety of beers in a bottle or on tap. They also have 3 big screen tvs so you can always keep an eye out on your favorite sporting event. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. For instance, a couple entered and didn't want to watch football, so they asked to change the channel to basketball and they got their request without hesitation and with a smile. Great customer service! This location draws a friendly crowd and brings families together. It was pretty steady on a Sunday night, but still never overcrowded. It looks like that they will have a patio section when it gets warmer. The place was clean, efficient, and an overall great atmosphere. The staff always seemed on the go and happy to be there. One slice of cheese pizza was plenty. I also ordered a side salad (tip - if you do not like onions, make sure you request no onions. I forgot and those little buggers were all over the salad. They definitely pile them on). My husband ordered the spaghetti and it was great. We will definitely return!
4	Hell yes, here it is. The NY slice alive and well in CLT. Huge, greasy, salty, cheap cheesed amesomeness. You may think that the only way a slice could be perfect from this place is if you buy one that's been drying out under the heat for a couple hours, had it popped back in the oven, and thus turned into heaven on greasy earth, but you'd be wrong; the freshly made pies are just about as perfect. Crispy crust and no soupy middle. And 20 inches +topping for 15 bucks. Fugeddaboutit. You can drink here but you'd better do it before eating your pie - we all know how well pizza grease kills a buzz, no?Other than the weird, obviously redone Mellow Mushroom cap hanging over the ordering area, my only gripe is this: use real 'shrooms, dudes. The canned ones are nasty, musty and gross, and no matter how rad the underlying slice is, will kill a pizza.
3	This is pretty good, and reasonably priced, NY style pizza.  The atmosphere is low key and cool, and the staff is friendly.  The cheese they use on the pizza seems to be of a quite bad quality -- not stringy at all, and a bit lumpy.  If they improved the cheese, this would definitely be a four star pizza place.  For now, as far as I'm concerned, it ties with Fuel and comes in a little behind Hawthorne's, which remains Charlotte's best NY pizza.
3	My sister and I happened to stumble across this one day for lunch we were looking for something quick and its perfect for that!! We ordered 3 slices and a chef salad to split. The Slices were HUGE and they reminded us of a place back home called Portifinos that we just loved!! the pizza itself was very good not as good as our NY standards but good!! The salad was perfect to share and for a quick lunch we were in and out in 30mins for under $20.Since that time I have gone back and  I have even gone to pick up a pie and I live in NODA so not soo close but worth it!!
3	I didn't get the pizza, I got a cheese steak (i refuse to call anything not from George's in Philly a "philly cheese steak).  The bread was soft in the middle and crunchy on the outside.  it's a pretty decent cheese steak.  I've had their pizza before and the slices are huge.
4	Came in last night I was craving something quick and good and thats what they offer with their Ginormous slices!! So good still, I had a slice and a half with a garden salad that was piled up so high with mozzarella YUM! It really does resemble a NY pizza place so that's why I enjoy it so much!
3	The slices here are New York style...huge! Hard to eat more than one. Came in hear for a late lunch and the place was empty. No worries, I grabbed a seat at the bar after I ordered I was content. If you want a slice they have cheese and pepporoni pre-made and you can get additional toppings for a small charge. I went with the cheese, then added sausage and mushroom. Came out after about 5 minutes. Looked great except for the canned mushrooms. Why can't pizza joints use real mushrooms. It would add so much to us mushroom lovers. Flavor was good and it's worth another try...just not with mushrooms this time.They also have regular pasta dishes and sandwiches if pizza's not you thing.
4	Really good NY style pizza. Huge slices, huge salads but not huge prices! Plus any place that has NY Giants memorabilia on the walls is okay in my book!! I am curious to try some of their other stuff, like anything parmigiana or pastas. But I am always weary of those things because the sauce always ends up disappointing.  So for now I will stick with the delicious, super thin crust pizza!!
5	OK, so you know Plato's whole deal about shadows and forms and how everything we experience in life is just a shadow of the true form?  (Am I summarizing correctly?)  Anyway, I spend much of my life searching for the form - the ideal, the standard by which all else is measured.For me, the true Form of pizza can be found at Luigi's.  When I want pizza (real, cheesy, sloppy, greasy pizza), this is what I want.  When I want fancy, adventurous, spinach-y and/or feta-y pizza, I go elsewhere; when I want pizza pizza, I go to Luigi's.  The slices are huge and difficult to hold, which is good because it keeps me from stuffing them into my mouth too quickly.  The whole pies come in ridiculous sizes like Large, Extra Large, and Jumbo.  This pizza pairs beautifully with both beer and fountain soda alike.Luigi's is also right around the corner, which is an epic win right there.  We've lived here since the summer and have ordered or eaten Luigi's pizza nearly once a week since then.Two small quibbles with the restaurant (but never with the pizza).  1) It doesn't stay open late enough.  What if I want a late-night slice?  Does that mean I have to go to Fuel?  Fail.  2) It has a large bar with a number of taps but never has anything on them!  Become a bar, Luigi's!  Stock good beer!  I will hang out at you! So much love for this pizza.
5	I'm just shocked that I was one of the only people in here eating lunch....finally a really really good pizza place.  Just the kind of pizza I like huge, greasy, cheesy, delicious.  Also had a side salad to justify that huge piece of pizza I was about to devour...everything was fresh the guys behind the counter were friendly  - and it was a great place overall for a cheap lunch.  I'll be back hopefully picking up a whole pizza to take home with me - that could be dangerous.
4	Picture this...a hungry lady sits at home waiting for her husband to bring home a delicious pizza from Luigi's. Little did she know how massive the 20" pie was in real life...Holy pizza pie! Now, I'm a big proponent of pizza leftovers but this was bordering on ridiculous. But I liked it. We ordered a 20" pie with cheese, fresh tomatoes and green peppers. This mammoth only cost us about $17-$18 with tax! The most hilarious thing is that this gargantuan pie was cut into only 8 slices. Hahahah! Slices larger than my head!I got through a slice and a half and I was well on my way to a 'za coma. The pizza was cheesy, not too floppy with a substantial crispy crust. This thin crust giant will most certainly be dined upon for the next few days. Naturally, I will absolutely be back for another huge pie in the semi-near future. Compared to the pizza chains, Luigi's is a slam dunk in size, quality and overall affordability. Plus, it only took them 15 minutes to whip up our take out order! My recommendation? Fold your slices, people, fold 'em and stuff 'em.
4	So I've been hearing the hype about Luigi's for sometime and finally succumbed and checked it out. I've passed it plenty of times but establishments were the windows are so dark you can't see in have always skeeved me out. But the other night, I was on a mission for good quality NY style pizza and Luigi's came to mind. There was not a single person in there on a Wednesday night which I found a bit odd. This is the place that everyone has been telling me about yes? Regardless, I ordered a small pepperoni pizza to go and went to go get my Teet on next store while they made it. They made it in record time and when they handed me the box, I was shocked at how huge it was! The small pizza is huge and seeing that it's just me, this was going to last me for three to four meals for the next few days. The pizza was just as I expected---cheesy, yummy goodness that I had to fold in half just to eat with just the right amount of grease. I will definitely be going back to Luigi's when I am jonesing for a slice or a pie that will last me for days on end. I kinda want to walk in there decked out in Red Sox or Patriots gear just to get a reaction!
5	Key elements present:Undercrust charred in spots, appx. 50% burn coverage: checkChewy crust, lots of air pockets: checkIncredibly thin, floppy crust, still structurally stable: checkSalty, greasy, lumpy cheese that cannot possibly be referred to as Mozz but who cares: checkMicrothin sauce coating, tart, tangy, slight herbiness: checkConsistency: checkCheap: checkThey've either honed in on the Perfect Slice or I've been away from NY too long. Thank Mary they don't deliver. (I only kinda mean that).We'll miss you, Luigi! Let your loving, drooling customers know where you go so we can follow you into the greasy, salty, foldy, awesome sunset.
1	For leaving me BEREFT, Luigi's, and without delicious pizza, I give you ONE STAR.I hate you for closing.
