4	This place is inside the 99 Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.  When you walk in, make a right and keep going. Make sure you don't go to the "combo plate" steam table area -- Taiwan Express is in the corner. You order at the counter and wait about five minutes. The chicken pancake is a psychoactive delight. Also try the whole fish (a special once or twice a week for five bucks!) and the boba teas.
4	A perfect way to top of an exotic shopping experience at 99 Ranch.  The Taiwan Express has photos of many (not all) of their dishes. Very authentic.  Also try some shaved ice for desert (brought me back to Singapore!).  My kids love the shaved ice, though they are more used to Asian foods than most kids.  Note that the Buffet section (to the left) is better than any mall food courts, and may be more tame for some taste buds.  AND - in between the buffet and Taiwan Express you can buy a whole roast duck for about $12.50, which they will cut up for you.  Be sure to buy some Plum Sauce (elsewhere in the store) for a sweet dipping sauce for the duck (yummy!).
5	As a true Chinese grew up in Taiwan, I know what Taiwanese foods supposed to taste like. It's here. The owner is a native Taiwanese. Not like other Chinese restaurant, the owner make the special ingredients everyday herself. The price is good and reasonable cheap. There is no better place to taste the traditional Taiwanese foods. My favorite dish is the spicy noodle.
3	Some good counter-style grub.  It's located with 99 Ranch, and the buffet is Panda Express-style by the way you place an order.  But it's sooo not Panda Express -style in taste.They don't skimp on the noodles here, and the orange chicken comes with actual red chili peppers sans the typical orange goop.  Uh oh, stop the presses.  They had whole chickens hanging in a heated glass case, just like they do in the Chinatowns of the nation.  Nice!!  Plus there were tons of dishes at the counter that I couldn't recognize - always a good sign of authenticity.  My only complaint was I thought the egg drop soup was a bit too raw and runny for my tastes.   But overall a good value for $4 and change.
2	This Chinese "Deli" at the 99 Ranch Market (South end of store) was the former location of Taiwan Express ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/raQFxUEzh8bfHUQLkiNHcg ); and the acquisition by 99 Ranch Market has totally ruined what was unique about the former restaurant / deli! My friend, who lives in Phoenix, introduced me to Taiwan Express around five years ago. He and I used to frequent Taiwan Express a lot mainly for the authenticity of the Taiwanese cooking, and of the Boba (Tapioca) drinks (which is a Taiwan invention). For less than $6 a plate, you would get very authentic meal from a native Taiwanese cook, and sometimes loaded with special ingredients!99 Ranch Market has totally ruined whatever was unique about Taiwan Express, and has "corporatized" the restaurant / deli. Ranch Market still claims that the dishes are authentic Taiwanese... they're not. You can still get meals in styrofoam for less than $6... now the meals are just generic Chinese. My friend and I refuse to eat here since the acquisition two years ago.Even the Boba drinks have also gone down in quality... Ordered the Iced Boba Milk Tea yesterday evening... Consistency of the Boba balls were a little tough and chewy... But I've got to admit, this place IS better than some trendy Boba locations that are popping up around the ASU, Tempe area.I know Phoenix is not Los Angeles or San Francisco in regards to the size of the Asian population... but you should not pay more than $9 for a whole Roast Duck. $12.50 is just outright theft!!!
4	Niu rou mian (Beef noodles soup), Pai Gu Fan (Pork chop rice), e ah jian (oyster omelet), bao bing (shaved ice), shao bing you tiao + dou jiang, and boba milk tea.  Awesome selection, it's the kind of food that you would find in night markets or in small fast shops in Taiwan.  The pre-made stuff that's served like Chinese fast food does not look appetizing at all, I'd suggest you skip it, and order from the menu.  The food is really good and boba a little on the sub par side.  But overall this is one place to go to if you're craving Chinese in Phoenix!
4	I used to come here for noodle soup.  I had been looking for noodle soup in the states for a long time and discovered it here.  They do an excellent job.  This is inside of the Asian Market at the Phoenix China Town.
3	It is sad to see taiwan Express go. I enjoyed their food enormusly
