5	If you're ever in Charlotte, NC the Charlotte Marriott South Park is the place to stay.. The rooms are super plush for the low price. The king size bed was incredibly comfortable, the audio system was impressive, and all the amenities were fantastic.. The next morning we had breakfast in the downstairs dining room. It took the waitress about 30 minutes to take our order. Now I would normally deduct a star for this type of behavior but I don't want to take away from the decadence of the room. The food was pretty good so can't knock it too much .Thank you Marriot for the 5 star experience.
3	Yeah for mediocrity! This is your average Marriott hotel; there is nothing wrong, but nothing just right with the Marriott SP. Quite frankly, it's just another nondescript hotel for a comfortable night's rest during business travel.
4	This was The Park Hotel before it was The Marriott, I have stayed there under both brands. Very nice. Good location. Great meeting spaces, and food and banquet services are excellent for meetings. The rooms are large and comfortable and they offer all the usual ammenities. The restaurant that they have in the hotel, forget the name, is very nice and the lounge offers live music and comfortable seating. It is adjacent to Manzetti's as well, so a lot of people dine there when staying at The Marriot. Please note if you stay there, Toscana Italian Grill is located steps away in the same plaza and is delightful!
4	My impressions:Where IS this place?!  So glad to have GPS navigation.Seriously? It's located in a Coca Cola headquarters parking lot?  Valet parking? Ridiculous.  There's a gob of close-in parking.This lobby ... don't tell me ... the decorator was inspired by the traditional red-velvet draped brothels of yore, yes?Wow, the staff at the front desk are great - friendly and helpful!Oooohh - a compact expanse of hardwood flooring just inside the door to my room.  I love it!  Why do I like this so much?The light in the closet - such a simple thing, such a luxury.This in-every-room drink chiller isn't as cold or capacious as a standard mini-fridge, but it's an acceptable substitute.  I can use it.  (Nice, seeing as how the Marriott ran out of portable refrigerators to lend to guests.)Odd curved bar suspending the shower curtain.  I'm not feeling it. The room is comfortable, and the lounge chair by the bed is a favorite.Fitness center, check. Thanks for the public-access internet-equipped computer in the lobby - especially since I'm not interested in paying the daily fee for internet access.The bar downstairs may not always be optimally stocked with in-demand spirits, but it's a favorite of at least some visiting professionals and academics who enjoy a well-lubricated, late evening congress.Mental note:  a large mall with upscale big-box anchor stores is very close.No shuttle to the airport?  Sigh.
3	Typical Marriott experience.  Personable staff and it was GREAT to be next to high-end shopping area.  The hotel decor was a bit dated...Upon Check-In I was advised that they had to over book (it was about midnight) and they had made arrangements for a suite at the Renaissance around the corner.  However, I would have to come back after the first night for the rest of my stay.  Both hotel's were great about the transfer, but I would have given a higher rating, had they not shuffled me around a bit.
5	Extremely friendly staff, excellent customer service. The hotel is right next to the mall so close to lots of great shopping and amazing restaurants. Great location! Clean, upscale rooms, 32in flat screen TVs, granite countertops in bathrooms. And I don't mean to be girly, but in the bathrooms there is a 7x magnifying mirror with an LED light...perfect for plucking your eyebrows! YAY!
4	Dont let the older building design fool you.  The rooms are up to date and have all the small things that make a hotel a superior stay.
3	Marriott in a business park.  Hard to find..not thrilled with the location.  Interior was up to par.  Nice accomindations.  Pillows sucked.  Seriously...hard, too big, could not sleep.No free Wifi..give me a break.  I have never had to pay for computer access at other hotels.  Why here? Exterior is very misleading.  Drab.  Valet parking is a joke.  Had better at the hotels at Hartsfield Airport.Would not stay there again.  Friendly staff must of been off for the evening.  Got an excellent rate so for the price...it  was acceptable.  For the area,  could not comprehend the lackings.
5	The location is great. Near great mall and awesome restaurants. I have stayed here 4x now and it's the only place I will stay. The rates can be pricey.
4	Marriotts generally seem to be awesome on the surface, but lose their luster the closer you look (no free internet. no in-room coffee maker?!). I still had a good experience, though, in the short time I stayed here. Plenty of parking, and a friendly front-desk, made for a nice welcome after an annoying drive. My room was clean, very spacious, and I love the varying-density pillows on the bed. Bath & Body Works in the bathroom. Restaurant is open til midnight, which is convenient; though I didn't have a chance to check it out. Elevator was reasonably quick. And the decor -- heavy curtains, red and gilt accents -- feels ritzy. Very convenient to SouthPark, and you could even walk to most of the shopping if you wanted to!
4	I am a big fan of Marriott and this one did not disappoint.  The concierge lounge was nice as usual.  The room was in good order and clean and relatively new.  I used to live in Charlotte so this is new for me staying here.  This hotel is convenient to many restaurants in the SouthPark area.
4	Very nice hotel. Excellent service.  Caters well to business traveller. Good location near the upscale Southpark Mall.  Lots of good restaurants nearby for variety.  And i did have an in- room coffee maker.
5	Great location.. Staff was super friendly.. Didnt have time to explore but everything we encountered was excellent.. Bed is extra cozy.
4	spending the night here in Charlotte.  Great lobby bar and nice rooms,  Not close to downtown, but a 15 minute drive away.I'd stay here again.
5	Exceptional customer service! Front desk goes above and beyond!  Hotel is in walking distance to fine dining and shopping. Hotel rooms are clean.  The cons: No free breakfast, and wifi is only in common areas. I would stay here again.
4	Solid by Marriott standards.  Concierge loung was open for breakfast on weekends.  Fitness ctr good.  Walkable to south park mall and restaurants.
4	I have stayed at this hotel many times over the past few years. The location is very convenient, the mall is a short drive over and there are a lot of really good restaurants nearby. One thing that I have noticed is their cleanliness, it is certainly one of the cleanest Marriotts that I have stayed at. The service both friendly and attentive. The only thing I do not like about this hotel is the renovations that they recently did to their dining area. I hate the way they remodeled because it just feels like an awkward layout. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel if you are going to be in the Charlotte area anytime soon.
5	I was in Charlotte on a business trip with my boyfriend, and his company put him in this Marriott.  Overall, it was a good stay.  The room was clean, housekeeping service was good, nice location (across the street from SouthPark Mall), and fantastic staff.  We had free wifi and free breakfast using my Marriott Club card.  Will stay here again if coming to Charlotte.
