1	God only knows how a company can hire such incompetent and disorganized employees.   Does Nationwide provide any training in customer service at all????   I just don't get it.  With so many thousands of bright people looking for work, how does a national company end up with such terrible employees?I mean, how difficult is it to do an accurate eye exam and send it to the lab to get processed?   (Based on my experience here, it must be about as difficult as flying to Jupiter, as they can't seem to get ANYTHING right.)I've had five experiences with this Nationwide branch (eye exam, 2 types of glasses), and each one has resulted in major errors resulting in delays in receiving glasses.   The employees don't listen, don't write things down, don't follow up, and worst of all they act like they are doing you a favor by even being there.
4	Came here to get my peepers checked for a new prescription. After calling around, I discovered that this location is by far the least expensive. For a prescription renewal without insurance, the fee is $49. It's extra for the full eye exam. Everyone I spoke with was extremely friendly. The technician who does the preliminary exam was extremely young, but he was professional and courteous and seemed like an expert at his job. The doctor was friendly and concise, she answered all of my questions in an easy to understand manner.The gentleman who checked me out was super friendly and helpful. He cleaned and tightened all the screws and nose pads on both sets of my glasses (at no cost!) and explained what everything meant on my prescription. I decided to purchase new glasses online and when I didn't know what something meant, I called in and he remembered me and helped me translate all the information.The star deduction comes from the very high price of glasses in the store.
5	Normally I'm an very leary of chain anything but since my insurance gave me no choice and I managed to get an appointment same day I decided to give this place a whirl.  The staff was very friendly and efficient.  I was very impressed with the Optometrist .  She was personable and did a thorough examination.  Always good not to feel like cattle!  I would definitely recommend this place and plan on going back for my annual exams.
1	The company should properly train the sales clerk as to what is available, what is do-able, and what isn't.  The sales clerk should not promise something on the front side, and then call afterwards that it isn't, but that, there's similar item at a slightly higher price.Hmmm.  Does that border on 'bait and switch'
