3	This motel is located next to a strip club but that doesn't mean you're going to see suspicious activity every night. I know this because we stayed here for one whole week when my boyfriend was taking a class in Scottsdale. It's a typical small motel room, nothing fancy but not dirty. The owner guy who works the front desk is nice, he's been working there since he was 3. They also allow pets but I think it's an extra $10. Free coffee and muffins every morning.
1	i wish i would of commented on this place right after i left it in february because you would have been able to read my frustrations and anger so much more. we first went in there and it was day time. mind you we went in there just to drop our items of and take a quick nap since we were coming in from san diego and had been driving. it was dark in there because the curtins were closed. when we walked in i was shocked to see that the room was pretty big. we took naps and were refreshed. we leave fast because we were there to go to a conference. we come back that night and realize there is a strip club next door. mind you, we were so tired we didnt realize this earlier. and its not that big of a deal... it was just awkward. we're parking the car and we pull up to a space that appears to have people in the car all on drugs. i mean they llooked way past drunk. there people looked like some crystal heads. we park somewhere else and it was just an awkward feeling. most of the people in parking lot seemed unfriendly and it appeared there were several tenants there. we get inside and turn on all lights and just kinda relax. we go in bathroom and realize the ceiling has a large bubble on it and its dripping water which is hitting the bathroom floor and also the bath tub. the bath tub has what appears to be black mold growing. the "white" towels had black faded out stains. not one towl appeared clean. the toilet had a pubic hair on it and a ring inside. so were all like, yikes! we sit on bed and then we pull back sheets and realize they dont feel crisp and clean. they didnt have stains or anything, but just the feel was odd. my friend closed the door and the old school air conditioner cover came off. i mean this place was like nothing i ever seen before. so we complained and the guy refused to give us a refund. the reason was because by this time it was 11:00 pm and we checked in around 3:00. we explained that the reason was because we came to drop off items and we shortly  left. he still didnt want to. eventually with attitude showed us another room. the bathroom was disgusting. we lifted toilet seat and it had dark pee drippings on it. we asked the man (i believe his name is mark or robert.. asian man) if he could clean it and he refused. im guessing because this is not in his job discription. i told jim to drop his attitude and know i am not trying to get over on him, but no one would want to pay for this. we ended up convincing him to give us our money back and around 1:00 am we left. i gave this one star because i had no other choice. i would never recommend this place to anyone unless you had no other choice in the entire world.p.s... u get what u pay for here
5	This place is great. Our door is broken and I think there is a gang running hookers and drugs out of room 218, which is soooo cool.
1	DON'T SLEEP HERE. The least of my worries were the stained towels, broken fridge and nasty smell. After a long day we pulled back the sheets and there was hair EVERY WHERE. I don't even know how a human sheds that much. They obviously don't change the sheets in between people. Also it wasn't just hair from a head. We asked for clean sheets and we got them. No offer for a refund or discount. This place is DISGUSTING.
1	Cheap, but you can get a better room for this price in Phoenix. This is one of the few places I've stayed where I felt the need to actually load my gun. Loud people all night, and freaky shit happening in the lot. Also plenty of freeway noise. I'm very experienced with shitty hotels and this one freaked me out. Don't even get me started on what was broken and dirty in the room itself.
1	I stayed here on my road trip from San Francisco to San Antonio,TX. Definitely wont suggest it. for $5 - $10 more you can find a better place. There was roaches everywhere, shower curtain looked like haven't been changed or cleaned for years and moldy, shower was clogged with hair.
