4	Who doesn't love donuts!?!?!? Stopped in today to relieve my sweet tooth craving and this place was wonderful!The donuts were plentiful and all looked delicious! I chose the munchkins and they were delicious! I had one glazed, one chocolate, one jelly filled and one pumpkin! Each one was super delicious! The glaze on them was delicious an they practically melted in my mouth! Another reason this location is so great is that it has a Baskin Robbins attached so if you are not in the mood for a donut you can get some ice cream! Overall this location is great, easy to fun easy parking, very nice staff and a great variety if items!
3	Donuts and ice cream are good.  The coffee is horrible.  Service is decent for McService..
3	I had a craving for munchkins (the donuts, not the gang from The Wizard of Oz) so stopped at this DD on the way to pick up some dinner.  Located at the corner of the strip mall at McMullen Creek (that space has been about 20 restaurants), it's a bit of a pickle to get in and out of depending which way you are going on 51.  You can safely get in and out, you may just have to drive around a bit to do so depending on what time of day you are visiting.  The is a DD/ Baskin Robbins combo - so you have donuts AND ice cream (and coffee).  Upon walking in, there is a freezer with Baskin Robbins ice cream cakes in it.  There is also another fridge with bottle soft drinks and water.  A semi-decent choice of ice cream by the scoop and then a good selection of donuts, bagels and muffins (and coffee).  DD k-cups are also available for sale.  They had an advertisement for Peppermint Mocha K-Cups and Hot Chocolate K-Cups, of which they had neither, but whatever... it's the middle of January so limited edition holiday items aren't necessarily still supposed to be in stock.  But if you don't have them, take that down so I don't get tempted.The friendly employee threw my munchkins in a box (again, the donuts, not the Lollipop Guild), rang me up and I was on my way.  The few times I have been to this location, it hasn't been terribly busy - hopefully their morning foot traffic is steadier or I fear this will be another restaurant soon.
1	As walking to this location has become a daily ritual I have noticed some glaring inconsistencies and an issue that keeps popping up.  The coffee is beyond inconsistent as the mocha latte tastes different (by different I don't mean good) every time that I order it.. (every day).  I'm not sure what's going on, but for the last couple of weeks the restaurant has been outright filthy every time that I come in.  Tonight I had to spend a couple minutes cleaning my booth, and it was the cleanest area by far.
5	Very clean
4	The staff is always very courteous and extremely fast with their orders. This is probably the cleanest DD I've been in. The other DD that I go to over on south blvd is so dirty and the staff is really unpleasant- often ignoring customers standing at the counter. I make it a point to come to the PMatthews location before heading to work.
5	I really have nothing but good things to say about this location. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous. I've never had any issues with an order and the one time they forgot an item they just gave it to me for free and apologized. I also appreciate the fact that since I come here often they give me a discount sometimes to show their appreciation for being a loyal customer. The coffee, Latte and breakfast sandwiches at Dunkin Donuts has always been exceptional, especially considering how affordable it is compared to other places like Starbucks or Caribou coffee.I highly recommend this place and will continue to be a customer.PS....Their Chicken Apple Sausage Breakfast Sandwich is the best breakfast sandwich I ever had. Highly recommended you try one next time you stop at Dunkin Donuts.
4	Super satisfied the 2 times I went in before 7AM..The two pretty girls behind the counter are cool and can tell when I'm in a rush to pay and leave...which makes a HUGE difference in determining whether or not I will return to a business. Keep it up!
