3	This review is primarily for the car was that I use a couple times a month, though I do typically fill up here because I have some weird alliance to Chevron gas...There is a no-touch car wash at this Chevron that is a pretty good deal. It's a 4-5 minute, touchless wash that is only $8 for the top end wash. I think you get a slight discount on gas if you purchase a wash, though the two have never overlapped for me. I always get the $8, top end wash, and it does a good job. You park in a stationary place and the machine moves around you, complete with wheel cleaners and a lot of soaps and rinses. The dryers don't do a great job, so I bring a couple towels with me and park by the vacuums to get the excess water (of which there is a fair amount). Vacuums are $1 in quarters, and gets you a few minutes. Vacuum quality isn't anything to write home about, but it gets the job done.This wash is also right across the street from Chipotle, so it's a great location for a lunch time car wash.
2	Painfully slow pumps.  Dirty store.
5	Stopped here to put gas in my car and got a car wash while I was at it. Only had to wait a couple minutes to run my car through the drive-in wash, as there was a car ahead of me just finishing up with the rinse and then dry cycles. My car came back very clean, surprising, since I only got the Express wash and that usually doesn't do the trick but is convenient and quick. Later on, I did find one spot of bird droppings the car wash missed, but it happens. I like Chevron's gas because it does seem like my car runs smoother using their Techron-formulated gas, rather than using the cheap, watered-down stuff some places in town offer. I recommend using their brand, and if you haven't before, giving it a try and seeing what you think.
4	If you are in a hurry - check this station out. You can gas up, get a quick touch-less car wash and a 6 pack inside of 20 mins. The bathrooms aren't real clean - so ladies keep rolling or hit the Starbucks around the corner.
1	I stopped here yesterday to get some  gas and have my car washed. I paid for the $6 wash and after waiting about 20 minutes was on the road.   Last night it rained following a dust storm and my black car today was now filthy. I know that the better car wash establishments offer some type of "rain guarantee" and because I managed to hold onto my receipt, I figured I would go back to this Chevron station and ask them if they would allow me to run my car  through so it would look like it did yesterday. In fact, I wanted to pay a couple bucks more and use the "hub scrub" feature to clean my wheels that isn't available on the $6 wash.  After waiting for the cashier to come back in after helping someone with propane, I nicely asked him to allow me to run my car through for no charge and he then looked at me like I was crazy and denied the fact that a rain guarantee exists in this world anywhere. Of course he wouldn't make good on the wash even though it was only $6 and I wanted to pay more.   There are many other stations with car washes in the east valley that I feel quite confident would have helped me out. I don't  think it's a lot to ask especially since I have given them my business over the years as I prefer Chevron gas to other brands and will hold off to get here to fill up.  I am not surprised to say  the least by this persons actions. More and more of these "people" could care less about good business practices and doing the right thing. All they see is money for today, right now and not the future. I have the money on me to have my car washed but I will now  go out of my way to give my business to an establishment other than this one. I will never spend another dime here again. That's what I meant by the future. Because he chose to do the opposite of the right thing in my opinion, or at least make an effort to explain to me why he wouldn't such as he doesn't have authorization, the computer doesn't allow it, or anything along those lines, I will never be back.   No, he wasn't obligated to do what I asked. Not at all, but everyone has a choice to do the right thing at any given time. The people that run this station should take a few lessons in customer service from QT across the street as theirs is second to none. Too bad they don't have a car wash though. Again, disappointed and not surprised by this person's actions or I should say lack thereof. If I run out of gas in this area, I'll push my car to QT or Circle K.
2	Confusing car wash. Can't see words on the screen and don't bother asking for a receipt. Wash took forever to start and hardly gave me the ultimate wash I requested.
