5	Great food, good delivery service!
4	Every neighborhood should have one of these - a good, quick, friendly, inexpensive Chinese restaurant. I would not drive 20 miles out of my way to eat here, but if you're in the vicinity you cannot go wrong. If you're looking for gourmet food, go elsewhere, but if you want your basic old-school dinner combo with tasty egg rolls and fried rice, individually prepared in 10 minutes, you're good to go.
3	We Delivery!  Well u can also eat in as we found out yesterday.  We were in the neighborhood and found this place through yelp.  The address is a little off if you are using GPS.  Just know it is in the Food Lion stripmall area.It is very typical Chinese food (and some curry dishes??  lol)  The interior was very much McDonalds leftover furniture - super plain jane.  Tons of people were coming through for pickup orders when we were sitting there.  The food is about $8 bucks for each dish like your typical lo mein and General Tso's chicken.  Everything was very normal about this place and if it was closer to uptown I would definitely go back for the rare Chinese food craving.
3	Typical neighborhood Chinese food joint.  No frills, hard to understand when taking your order, you know the routine.  My girlfriend and I had a special request from my daughter for Chinese while driving around in BFE and this was the closest place we could find.  Hidden in the Food Lion, mini mall area (?) was Royal Dragon.  I had the chicken lo mein which was good, but again, so very generic that it didn't really leave an impression.My suggestion, if you are in the area and want a quick Chinese food fix, hit this spot up.  Otherwise go to my favorite Chinese place, PF Changs!PS....yes I was hungry 30 minutes later :)
4	I had the chicken w/cashews. Really good flavor with a good amount of veggies. ( I would have liked more baby corn just because I like it but I am not complaining.) My friend decided to try beef & broccoli for the 1st time, she liked hers too. The portions were pretty good, a ton of rice. Each came with an egg roll which I was happy about as I seem to have an egg roll addiction lately. Overall a good place, would eat here again for sure!
2	So so food. Had kung pao chicken and its just like every other strip mall Chinese joint around here. Lots of celery in the food. Wife had cashew chicken and it looked about the same. Actually if it wasn't for the nuts you couldn't tell them apart by looking at them.
4	Very fast and affordable takeout!
5	Love this place! I've only had delivery and I've never been inside but food always arrives hot and tasty. I've had the egg drop soup, pork fried rice, egg rolls, and general tso chicken and all have been amazing!
3	Food lion strip mall Chinese food, also offers deliver. Experience had always been good and food is exactly as you'd expect.
4	So the smart folks at Royal Dragon decided to paper my apartment complex with menus....thank you Royal Dragon!  I live across from the Mills Mall and finding takeout that delivers to us is hard to say the least.  There's a ton of fast food, but zero pizza, chinese or other restaurants that deliver.  Jimmy Johns doesn't count.    I ordered the beef with garlic sauce, steamed dumplings and Chinese donuts.  Everything arrived very warm and it tasty.  I'm a fan and have found my go too take out.  I think it remarkable that the items were still hot considering the distance.  I look forward to trying the rest of the menu.If I had to say one negative, it took forever to get my food.  But considering it's a trek I was impressed the food was hot.
5	Ordered a delivery to the ZMax drag parkVery fast delivery and food was hotGeneral Tsaos chicken combo dinner deliciousDelivery driver was very polite as well as the person taking my orderI would recommend to friends and co workersI will be a repeat customer
5	This is my first time actually using some else's recommendation and I'm glad I did.  Very tasty food, good portions and reasonable prices.  It was the best money I've spent on Chinese food in Charlotte to date.
