4	Marvelous venue for Cabaret style shows and musical events.  Somewhat small seating, but this allows for a nice connection to the performers.  They have Salsa Dancing here on Friday nights, wine or beer tastings some Tuesday nights, the space is programmed by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.  The Cabaret is directly behind the Backstage Bar, so dining and bar service is available.
4	The Cabaret is one of my fav theater venues in the 'burgh!I love the intimate vibe of the theater, and there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I've seen a wide variety of entertaining shows here (Forever Plaid, 8-Track, You Say Tomato), as well as attended Late Night at the Cabaret features like The Gong Show hosted by fellow Yelper @Aja J.The performances feature many local actors, and the ticket prices fit well within a Pittsburgh budget.  The Pittsburgh CLO run specials and Groupons, too.  Shows are produced by the CLO and many of the Late Night events are presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.Food and drinks are available to order before and during the show.  With so many great dining options in the Cultural District, I recommend eating before or after your show, but enjoy the small plates and cocktails that the Cabaret offers.There are always themed drinks for each show and the bar has lots of craft beers on tap and in bottle.  They also have a nice little seating area right outside the Backstage Bar.Garage parking is right next door and discounted in the evening.  Parking is free on the street after 6 if you can find a spot.
4	Cool place.  A small theater with table and chairs instead of rows and rows of auditorium style seating.  Waitresses come around to take food and drink orders before the show and during intermission.  The place is rather small in comparison to a normal theater so you get to be quite close to the action.  In the back there are the long tables the are the entire width of the room with chairs behind them.  The rest are all 2-4 person tables and chairs.
4	Really nice venue for a show! Intimate environment. Not too large. Not a bad seat in the venue. Food was good! Prices were good. Service was good until seats started filling up, then it seemed as if they could use another server or 2.
4	I love going to the Cabaret at Theater Square! The tables are very close to each other, creating an intimate environment. I went to a Burlesque show and Dixie's Tupperware Party and both experiences were slightly different. The Burlesque show, my friends and I had to stand because there were no more seats. I would have appreciated if we were told this before we bought the tickets and knew we wouldn't have seats  ahead of time. The overall ambiance is great! It is a darker room with the main lighting centered on the performers. The service at the second show I went to was much better. We had assigned seats and a waitress came up to my friend and I and asked us if we wanted to order anything. Both shows were great, the crowd was in the mood to laugh and enjoy themselves and the entertainers were wonderful!
3	Nice theatre. Service was great food was good. Doors opened late staff at the door has MAJOR attitude. How about some smiles and friendly greetings to welcome your paying guests?
5	I was not sure what to expect of Dixie's Tupperware Extravaganza.  Walking in to the intimate Pittsburgh CLO Caberet Theatre and seeing the stage and live energy around the room told me I was in for a treat.  Fully interactive theatre at its best, I attended with two friends while celebrating one's birthday.  A frequent attendee of the arts along Penn Avenue, one friend knew most everyone and got us the coveted seats ON THE STAGE.  You see, this show takes place as a Tupperware party in one's living room consisting of:  two couches, coffee tables for REAL drinks, and... a large table of... TUPPERWARE.90 minutes of nonstop fun, Dixie brought laughter to the audience through jokes about growing up and living as  Tupperware salesperson in the south.  I walked away with so much knowledge (there was a light feminist edge) about the history of how the "party" came about in the 1950s.  Dixie had an uncanny way of building relationships with a few select audience members that kept everyone howling via her flirtation, frustrations and annoyances all in one breath.  As mentioned, our seats were planted on the stage as "real-life" attendees to the Tupperware party. Such great seats had us watching Dixie's every move up until the finale which was a competitive game (no more spoilers) that saw your's truly on the winning team.  #RimWould you know, at the conclusion of the entire show, Dixie walked out to the lobby and welcomed everyone to a picture AND real life Tupperware (legit) order forms.  She is making some DOUGH!  To fill theatre of seats and finish the interactive experience with actual orders being placed by up-to-date catalogs was just uncanny and well, GENIUS.  Dixie, you were definitely not a DRAG.  Many of the local queens (and national) could take a lesson or 2 from you.  You provided the perfect mix of raunchy but not over-the-top humor that left (at least me) everyone with a smile.
4	Tonight was the second time that I have been to the Cabaret at Theater Square, and I had a lot of fun! The theater is quite small which gives the show a nice , intimate feel which I enjoy :). The first time I went it was for a comedy show/ drag show/ burlesque show (I know, awesome right?) My friends and I stood for the show and were able to see everything quite well from the side of the theater. Tonight, my family and I saw Dixie's Tupperware Party. We were a party of 7 and had to sit at two separate tables, since the tables only seat 4. We were told that we could not move the tables together because it would be a fire hazard... A little inconvenient but it wasn't a big deal. We arrived an hour before the show to have dinner. My mom and aunt ordered long islands and I ordered a peach Martini to start. My mom and aunt loved their first round of long islands and I enjoyed my martini- it wasn't too strong tasting which I liked. For an appetizer, my mom and I split the spinach artichoke dip. It was delicious! Nothing too out of the ordinary, but very good. I ordered a veggie quesadilla as my meal. I was expecting it to be a little bigger but it ended up being the perfect size. Portabella mushrooms, artichokes, peppers, onions and cheese- yum! What is slightly a pain is that when the show starts, your server disappears. I understand why- they don't want to bother you while the show is going on. But if you want another drink that can be rather inconvenient. Overall, really cute intimate theater. It's also right next to meat and potatoes- so that's a really big bonus! I would recommend going to meat and potatoes for dinner over this place though- better food for the same amount of money!
5	Great seats, good food and strong drinks. Always a plus in the Burgh!
4	This is only my second time to this venue. Went with a girlfriend to see "murder for two". A very funny "who done it" with a two member cast. One person plays the detective while the other plays all the suspects.The theater is set up table style with 4 to a table. Since we had eaten lunch and had a little time before the show we ordered tiramisu for dessert along with a drink. It was very good. The rest of the menu didn't appeal to us so we were grateful just to have something to enjoy the show with.It is located behind the Backstage Bar and next door is the main box office to Pittsburgh trust arts. You can directly purchase tickets for upcoming shows at this place and their other venues.We probably will return if we find another show worth seeing. It is more of an dinner style seating with a small stage. We loved the performance.
2	My mother & were here for a performance and I wasn't impressed. If you're not sitting in the front of the theatre you really can't see what's going on. And a big thing for me is this theatre is not very wheelchair/handicapped friendly. When I was ordering our tickets I think the person that I was talking to should've made me aware of that when I told them that my mom was in a wheelchair. They had to seat us in the very back right by the door and it was very cold and even though there's a lobby and then another door we could still feel a very cold breeze very time the door would open.
3	I usually enjoy the cabaret shows ( the food is another story)  but "Murder for Two" is one of the cruddiest things I've seen. Talented performers but weak noon funny material. You can do better cabaret.... You have done better, I think I've seen at least thirty performances and this one is the only one that made me cringe. I'll give you a second chance once the brain bleach starts working.
1	We came here the weekend of our honeymoon to celebrate and enjoy a weekend in the city. The backstage bar had great service, and we were looking forward to the late night comedy show. We were the first couple to enter the theatre and chose seats close the the front of the stage. As we waited about 15 minutes until the show began, we witnessed at least four small mice running around the floor, causing both me and my husband to keep our feet up on corresponding chairs. Then, the show began with incredible offensive jokes regarding rape and the comedian continued making light of despicable topics despite a lack of applause. I left quietly, following by my husband a few minutes later. We then informed the manager of our experience, to which he explained there are mouse traps in the facility. We will never return to their bar or theatre.
4	Fabulous shows every time! Saw last night's showing of Murder for Two - it was so clever, funny and diverse - hard to believe that it was only two actors, though two very multi-talented ones! Totally beats a movie, and the ability to nibble and sip make it superior to a theatre performance.Drink (dirty martini) was delicious; date had bottle beer. Best to order two, because there's no service during the show (and you wouldn't want there to be).Ambiance is a little lacking - just round tables in a room and a few "pews" on risers in the back, but once the lights go down and show is on, who cares? Servers were ready with the checks a soon as the lights came up, and I didn't notice anyone having any issues. Restrooms need more TLC - shared with Meat and Potatoes and there were no paper towels in ladies!
