4	Moving back to Las Vegas, I knew I had to get off all of my happy-eating-out weight from living in Denver. I did a google search to find indoor walking tracks and immediately came upon the Downtown Recreation Center. My parents and sister who have lived here for quite some time had never heard of it and thought I might be mistaken. Luckily, I found out I was quite right.Located in downtown Henderson is a fairly new recreation center open to the residents. To use the track alone is $2 a year. Yep, hold yourself back from that steep price. I thought I would start there. So here are the rundowns...Parking - Tons. You can either park in the lot coming off of Basic or off of Van Wagonen. Location - Downtown with little traffic. Super easy to get in and out of quickly.Amenities - [Downstairs] Basketball court, hangout area for kids, racquetball court, women's and men's restrooms with showers, saunas, and steam rooms. [Upstairs] Walking/Running track. Workout equipment on either end with hand weights and tv's. While I know that private gyms can be more equipped and fancier, I have to give this little gym a lot of props. It's got a good variety of equipment, not overly known so isn't always super busy, and the price is more than reasonable ($15/month). It's also part of the greater Henderson system so you can enjoy classes and other facilities. If you live in the area, I definitely recommend checking out this rec center.
5	We were finishing up a rafting trip through the Grand Canyon and hadn't cleaned up for days. We dropped in and were able to take showers for $3 a piece. The facilities were clean, not busy at all, and the staff was really nice. Note: we used our own toiletries because there were none provided in the showers. They did have some towels for our use, although not enough for the whole party. I'm sure if we insisted they could have found some, but we were just happy to get cleaned up.
5	This is by far our go-to place for pickleball! Their courts are open to us 5 days a week, although the most popular days for P/B are Tuesday and Thursday. Staff is nice and friendly, too.
2	Eh.First, when I was walking up, there was a large amount of glass broken, and spread out by the front entrance. When I entered, I told the young man working, and his answer was, "Oh, really?".Uh, yeah.My MIL and I were here to run the indoor track, since there was a wind advisory this afternoon.Their track is not marked on how many laps equals what......And the staff doesn't know either. They have a sign, but jeez, you need a Phd to figure it out. Someone draw me a picture.Moving on...The track is circled around their fitness equipment...So, if you are running, like we were, watch out. People are so clueless and just walk out like they own the place. It's funny that they say kids 13-15 must be accompanied by an adult....that obviously isn't enforced. There were middle schoolers using the equipment today, on their phones, walking on the track.....IN THE LEFT "RUNNING" LANE. Ugh. I was ready to harm a child.After our workout, we went downstairs to get a bottle of water.The vending machines have signs that say "Use at your own risk" taped on them, and require exact change. When asking the front staff if they had five ones, they immediately said no.Walking out, the glass was still every where. I guess people's safety isn't important here. Not even a "wet floor" sign or a traffic cone.... I mean, really? Two girls ran by us, in the glass, causing more of it to spread.....awesome.All in all....I'd rather run outside in the wind or drive up to multigen.
5	THE BEST GYM! Reasons why I work out here:1. Everyone is friendly. There are a lot of old folks and they just love to chit chat in the mornings.2. Equipment is always clean. The patrons and staff are always wiping up.3. Cute little 2 lane track. It is only 1/12 of a mile but I can easily jog on it for up to 30 minutes. Also the track goes around the b-ball court so you can watch people play.4. Only $15 a month. A lot of people tell me, "OHHH! WELL, GOLD'S ONLY CHARGES $10/month!!!!!!" BUT, they have a ridiculous activation fee. I think it's like $100. At this gym, you will never have to worry about that.5. This place is NEVER crowded! It gets a little busy in the morning, but I've came around noon and I was literally the only one there.
