4	Great staff, great service. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. Becky banks with them, not me, but since we're engage, I bank with them by proxy. It's a bank. Not much more to say. Good service.
5	I left a bigger bank a few years ago after getting in the fee-punch cycle that they all seem to be so fond of these days and moved to Truliant.  Generally I use the drive-thru for the occasional live check deposit, as I have direct deposit and rarely carry cash, but recently I had a large amount of cash to deposit from a loan transfer (just moving money around, I didn't get to keep any of it) and a few Christmas checks that necessitated a visit inside to a teller.  The teller that helped me was friendly and efficient and I was effortlessly in and out of the branch in record time (converse to my trip to Wells minutes before which took 4 people and 15 minutes).  Once before when depositing an unusually (for me) large check, they called to let me know that it would take an extra day to post and asked if I needed any help or questions or any transactions that would be affected by that, which I thought was incredible.  Customer service seems to be non-existent on a big bank level, so it was nice to have that kind of communication.  I have not been hit with any seemingly random fees and shady timing practices of deposits vs. deductions/checks that I did with the previous bank (partly that I am older and wiser, partly that Truliant's practices and protocols seem to be transparent and consistent).
1	The Trulient Federal Credit Union on Trulient way off of the Hanes Mall Blvd in Winston Salem NC is the rudest bank I have ever delt with. I would love to drive in the opposite direction to use the Clemmons Branch as they are simply the nicest people to work with but Trulient Way is on my way to work so I keep hoping to have a good experience with them but today was the last straw. I went to deposit money into my checking account I gave my bank card, cash, and ID (as they have the most convoluted system to work with) to the teller like I have done in the past and was rudely told I would need to fill out a slip, I had mentioned depositing this way in past and was rudely told the same thing again. I filled out the slip and proceed to wait to finish this transaction which seemed longer than usual for the drive thru. I received my receipt and noticed a huge discrepancy in my balance, I immediately drove around and went into the branch to figure out what was wrong! I should have only had a certain amount in the account but it was way larger than it should have been...The previous day I had used the same Branch and one of the same tellers and a coupon (same size as the deposit slip) from my payment book for my car loan the lady proceeds to deposit the car payment money in my checking account...Disregarding the slip all together. So if your not going to pay attention to the slips and coupons then why not just use the info (which is concrete) from the ID an bank card? I am done with this bank!!!
