2	I used Sun Radiology services back in November after needing an urgent CT, my PCP (located next door) sent me to Sun Radiology.  My wait time and treatment there was pretty standard but since then, I haven't been the most pleased with the office. When I call the office for financial reasons, I am transferred to a voicemail. I leave a vm, yet it is never returned. I have to keep calling over the next few days and hope to reach someone live in order to get answers or a resolution.The billing is also not consistent. I am set up on a payment plan for my portion after insurance, yet I don't get the same bill in the mail each month. Its almost like it lags a month behind and my "true balance" is never shown. I sent in my final payment and haven't receieved anything in the mail for the last 2 months. I pay $75-100 over what my regular "payment plan" is each time I make a payment, and I was just in need of confirmation that it indeed is paid up to date. I called  the office and was no longer given the option of reaching financial (just med rec/front desk/manager) so I opted for the front desk. The person answering the phone seemed put out, and told me to call 4 different extensions and keep trying until someone answered the phone. On the mail line, it doesn't give you an option to enter an extension number and when I explained that to the front desk, they said "well.. things have been changing, so I'm not really sure either."I had to go back to the hospital for the same condition (severe,stabbing pains) and they requested my ct scan as well as the report. I told them my personal contact had written permission (signed upon my first visit) that would allow her to pick up the disk so we could bring it to the hospital as directed by my PCP. When my personal contact got to SunRad, she was told that they would not give her any copies, but that if the hospital needed it, they could be the ones to request it. Upon arriving at the hospital, the ER physician asked for the scan and when I explained the situation, he was furious and said they had no reason to withold it, they were just wasting our/his time.(Sidenote:At the time I needed to get the IV, I had stressed to the nurse that I had been poked several times that day and I had one place that was yet to be hit..the nurse disregarded my concern, said she was sure she could get it... and 3 pokes and 2 blown veins later, finally succeeded...)I have since found SMIL (Scottsdale Medical Imaging) to be a much friendlier place. Need a QUICK copy of your scan? Give 'em an hour, they'll have it waiting for you. Friendly smiles at the door and little to no wait time? Need a walk in lunch time appt? Would def. recommend them (at the Biltmore Medical Mall) over Sun Radiology.
4	I had a CT of my brain done here. Wait time was fine. Everyone was professional. They also went the extra mile to make sure I was taken care of. I would go here again. Obviously I hope I don't have to though.
1	After getting rescheduled to a week later we get there and was told that our appointment was a hour ago, when I clearly told her I needed the same time and was told no problem. Then I had to wait for over a hour to get in a get a CT scan long story short I had to pay the price for there schedule mistake!
2	what a wired medical center."we dont have change"the sign is big enough to read right.we accept cash.i was in a big hurry went to this place to.get my x ray done here.i give$100 the lady who work at front desk.she look at me like "we dont have change do you wanna come back tomorrow?  i asked her if i go somewhere get change come back can i get done right away cuz i dont have lots of time she pretty sure told me yes its only take 5min.so i went outt and got some change come back.i gave her $40 my bill was 39.61 she toled me they still dont have change for39cents.what the heck i mean really?so they just wish people only bring the right amount? it upset me really and i had wait an hour before go in checked out.but the doctor who checked my x ray was very friendly.what a shame! the employees just talking and laughing in the back you can see through from the front desk.i would not recommend for other peoples!!!
