2	It's one of the Sprint Stores that has technicians on site when your phone is having a problem.  That's nice.  Too bad every time you see a technician at a Sprint Store, they seem to always have the same solution.  Reboot the phone.  It's like a bad IT department.  I lost my phone for 90 minutes to do something I could've done on my own.  The technician was kind enough to backup my contacts on the memory card, but didn't take the time to put them back on the phone.It actually appears the problem was my charger, not the phone, so was the reboot even necessary?  Also, If you don't have Sprint's insurance, you may have to pay for any repairs even if the phone is under warranty.  You have to deal with the manufacturer if it's under warranty.  Thanks for standing by your products, Sprint.
4	Not really sure why everyone are all giving bad reviews about this store.  I enjoyed going to shop at this store as the employees won't rush me into making a decision right away on any products.  They actually listen to what I need and offer any help I asked for.  I would definitely go back to this location whenever I need help with my Sprint phone.
2	It seems like whenever I go in to this store what should only take 5 minutes to do ends up taking 20. It doesn't help that this company has the worst customer service year after year.
1	Stay away.
1	I went into this store in May to transfer my service from Verizon. The "salesperson" that helped me assured me that Sprint will pay up to 350.00$ per line to come over to them (the ad at the time also indicated this). After 3 hours my wife and I walked out feeling as though the transaction went well. I sent in the final bill as I was instructed to do so to obtain my reimbursement. I was told after the fact by Sprint customer care that I was put into a program that wasn't "eligible" for the reimbursement. I have fought for over 4 months now to get the money owed to me with no resolve. I don't understand why this store isn't being held accountable. I have every intention of not only filing a lawsuit against them, but doing everything in my power to let people know what these people are all about. I am in sales as well and understand having to meet a quota, but this should be done in a professional manner. Not by a bunch of kids scamming people out of their hard earned money with blatant lies. This entire thing has cost me over $600.00 dollars of my money. I was given $270.00 and told that the other line didn't qualify because of "non eligible program". DO NOT GO THERE, you WILL be ripped off.
