3	I do not think they deserve 2 stars, i am giving them 3!We went there Friday night. Place was dead, no one but us. But we used to it, its all good. Got seated promptly. Soon enough some Indian lady wearing sari came and patiently explained about drinks and such. We got a big bottle of some Indian i never had before. (Blue something.) Food time now. We had no idea whats what, as not all the dishes were explained. So, same lady explained all the stuff to us again. Soon after all the food followed. It was NOT the best Indian food, but it was not terrible. I do not think they deserve only 2 stars. It was not bad, all in all. However, with that said - i will probably not come back there again as Star of India is surely better.Eugene
3	Priya specializes in South Indian cuisine, which differs from most other Indian restaurants.  The food here is decent, but I think their buffet is not as good as what could be found at India Palace in Phoenix.  The best reason to come here is for their dosas, which are a South Indian specialty.  It's basically an Indian crepe made with lentil flour.  It is then folded stuffed with spiced mashed potatoes and peas and served with two or three kinds of sauces.
4	I absolutely adore this place! The food is very traditional, and is delicious. Their lunch buffet is a great deal, but usually I take the sit-down-and-order route. Their lamb korma is the best I've had to date, and their naan is delicious. Their daal leave something to be desired, but I am not a big fan of daal to begin with, so don't take my word for it. Their raita, on the other hand, is ambrosial. I would highly recommend Priya for lunch or dinner. The only drawback is that the service can be just a little cold at times.
2	I was passing through Phoenix when I was searching for an Indian restaurant and my GPS pointed me to this place. The ambiance is very ordinary and they could definitely do better job with it.  Service was reasonably prompt. They didnt ask me for a spice level when they took my order. I found the food bland for my taste. Could have done with more spice and salt. The food is alright nothing out of the ordinary.
3	Man, the ratings for this place are all over the map!  I decided I'd better whip in there for their lunch buffet & see what IS.Stepping inside around noon, I was greeted and seated at a comfortable table.  The atmosphere & decor here is 3-Stars and it was peaceful inside, with some Indian music playing softly, as I began to scoop up a little of everything.The generous selection of food they put out for the lunch buffet is on the spicy side, so keep a glass of water & a forehead napkin close by!  Maybe that's why there were only four other diners there with me right at lunchtime!  With that said, I thought the food was delicious overall, & there were some unusual dishes such as Tamarind Rice to keep things interesting.  Everything is labeled.The staff culture struck me as a little odd, but maybe they're just depressed because the place isn't doing well!  The table service I received from a mute older gentleman was attentive, & I really found nothing to dislike about the place.  It certainly deserves at least 3-Stars AND more customers at lunchtime!  Weekdays: $8.99
5	This place is a regular for us when me and my family are craving some amazing South Indian food. I almost always order the Chicken 65 and the Rava Dosa. They are both my favorites. The buffet is also good because they offer a huge variety of food. It will always stay as a regular for us.
1	I don't even know where to begin.... When walking in, there was this god awful moth ball-ish smell that my husband later mentioned reminded him of urinal cakes. Nice.  Well, I could get over that, I thought....it was just some really cheap, bad incense, from what I could assess. All three in our party got the dinner buffet.  The food tasted good but it was luke warm at best, sometimes even cold. The service was poor and the family was sitting around cabitzing at a nearby table, ignoring our needs at times. That was annoying. The decor was awful, dirty looking room and absolutely FILTHY stained chairs that sunk in the middle like they bought them from a yard sale 15 years ago.  Horrible.  This was by far one of the worst places I've ever been to, all in all, and will absolutely never go back.
4	When I was in AZ, we used to go there at least once a week for lunch buffet. It's very spacious with lots of seating. At times it does get packed. I am so regular that the owner n family knows me and ask me when I stopped going for a while. Their buffet had lots of variety of food from almost all over India. I think taste was pretty decent. Their buffet menu is pretty big, food  is tasty. Tandoori chicken is very tasty, I think they make it in actual tandoor. Every once in a while I get compliment dosa and maybe some Indian sweets. Their biryani is pretty good and so is their lamb and chicken curry dishes as well. I like their special mango custard they have for desert is a good desert. They even have papadam which is like a special S. Indian  papad which taste a little different from regular papad. I am big fan of Indian Achar (Pickle), and they have a very good achar In short I think its a pretty decent place for a good mix of Indian dishes..
4	Best option for Indian food in the Valley...had the Biryani which was delicious, and came with a ton of meat for a decent price...not to mention some excellent sauces. I hear the buffet is the way-to-go, but have yet to try it.
4	Pleasantly surprised by the buffet. In addition to the more standard type Indian entrees you will find (korma, tandoori chicken), they had a few Southern Indian foods in the buffet.  Each dish was very flavorful, and I liked that they weren't afraid to kick up the spice level on the dishes.  The buffet for lunch is $8.99 and they do have a dinner buffet on the weekend for 12 or 13 dollars I believe.  The owner was very friendly and I will definitely like to come here again for more Indian food.
3	Our Indian cowkrs like eating here so that should be a good recommendation, which is why you see some long tables setup to handle group lunches (ie. going away party and there's Indian peers joining).  Don't worry, it's both meat and veg offerings.Being no authority on Indian food, so I won't comment except to say my stomach seems to be thinking about the lunchtime buffet.  There's a slow burn in my stomach still a good hour afterwards from the spiciness of the dishes.
3	I've been here a few times and its decent food. There is nothing special about this place that makes me want to specifically go back. Although, if someone is holding a party or special occasion here I doubt I would avoid this place.I've never been here just for lunch or dinner, so that may effect my review. Although, I've eaten this food on multiple occasions for events at the restaurant. Its good Indian food, and you can never say no to good Indian food. It just wasn't spectacular. I would give most Indian food places 5-stars if the quality of the meat they used was better and if the quality of everything they use is just better. The salads weren't green, the meat in the korma and tikka was very small. It just felt like they were cheaping out on us.Desserts weren't really special either. If you give me gulab jamun or some jelebi, I am a sucker for that stuff. Theirs was decent, but there wasn't much of it available. However, there really isn't much better stuff in AZ in this vicinity. I'd say India Gate is a little better, maybe try that place out first.
2	With reviews ranging from 5 stars to 1...my wife and I decided to give it a try for our 3rd wedding anniversary dinner. Good thing she and I have a sense of humor because we needed it. From the cheesy bad decor, to the awful / skipping CD music and abysmal lighting, we wondered whether the food was so superb that some people chose to ignore the obvious deficits and gave this place a high rating. Uh, no. We were the only ones in the entire restaurant on a Wednesday night. That's right. The only ones and we were there for a couple hours and still the service was lacking. On the plus side: They accepted our Restaurant.com discount coupon, which was good considering the other review I read about them choosing not honor one they felt didn't apply. The combination waitress/hostess/manager/(& chef?) also did not charge me for a glass of wine that was way passed its prime and smelled / tasted like vinegar, which again, was good service on their part. But the food was just ok. Not bad. Not superb. Just Ok.  Probably the most entertaining part of our meal was the suprise we received while eating our dinner. As we listened to the loud Indian music piped over our heads, we were quite suprised to hear the Hindi version of the Fergie's "My Humps." We actually stopped eating, looked at each other and burst out laughing.  I could just see a lady in a Sari singing about her humps, her humps, her lovely lady lumps...uh, what???Also, it seemed like the proprieters were having a family dinner at one of the tables; complete with children doing homework.We won't be going back and suggest you try somewhere else.
4	It was like a long dream come true. After much wait the search was complete and I can assure my friends from other states visiting me to have food at a decent indian restaurant in the valley. Though I have already spent 5 years in AZ spending first year to try out every indian restaurant in phoenix, tempe and mesa but somehow never came across Priya restaurant. After my cousin who is a frequent visitor to this place asked me to try it out I thought I will try it out on 1st jan 2011. I had 3 friends who are really choosy about Indian food. But Priya stood out to everyone's expectation. The menu consists of southindian and northindian food. i would rate the statndard of Sambar and chutney to be above other south indian restaurants in AZ. The buffet is so vast with 3 types of chicken, 4 kinds of rice including biriyani, vada, idly, rasam, green veg curries, cauliflower, orka brinjal and few other mouth watering dishes. Everything was delicious made to near perfection. The naan bread was soft and made with right amount of flour, soda and oil to make it soft even after it was cold. The dessert had carrot halwa and fruit salad which were more than just good. The andhra chicken was the ultimate dish they had and having this with naan reminded me of food on Indian Dhabas. When I asked the owner where did he get teh cook from he surprised me by saying her wife and kids cook it. I have every reason to believe it as per the taste comparing it with many indian restaurants where mexican chefs cook Indian food. If i ever think of Indian food, iw ill only think of Priya as long as I am in Phoenix. If i rate this restaurant's food as 10 then the seccond one will come at a distant 6 may be.Pros - variety of food items, Taste nearly matching pure indian food, Owner was good friendly and down to earth.12$ will fetch you more than 12 itemsCons - tandori chicken was not upto mark but there are very few who can make actual tandoori chicken. if you are not indian and cant handle spices then may be you have to go easy on what you eat here.All my feed back are based on my one time visit to this place. Arindam
3	I'll try to make this succinct. Decor - FService - B+Food - AI went there on a Friday Evening...I was 1 of 4 people in the entire restaurant. Their location makes them difficult to locate, which is too bad because the food is really good, and the servers were attentive.Onto the meat of the review:I ordered the Vegetable Samosas, and my dining partner had the Meat Samosas. I also indulged in an Indian Beer (when in Rome, right?). I should have refrained from an appetizer because WOW were they big! Still though, this afforded me leftovers which I am just finishing up 3 days later. Anyway - The food really is good. The portions are large, and the variety is wonderful. The servers were also very nice. They're helpful and willing to answer any questions you have about unfamiliar foods.Downside - Oh boy the decor. I am into hole in the wall places as much as anybody --- but the track fluorescent lighting was headache inducing (literally, as well as figuratively) and the fake dusty flowers on each table don't really motivate one to put food in their mouths.Now, I know what the owners might be thinking "Our food is good, so who cares?" But ...Consumers do. We're spoiled by modern, effortless, clean looking decor - So spruce it up a bit folks, and your food will make more of an impact, and more importantly - You'll get repeat business.I will probably get take out from them in the future...but sitting there was rough.
3	The Good: Food was excellent and the service was quick (to fill my water as it was lunch buffet). This place would be packed if it were in Seattle where I'm from. As it was, I was one of two patrons. I enjoyed the minced lamb in spices; it was quite good! So was the Naan and other dishes. The Bad: I'm not sure what was going on, but the service was not very friendly. I engaged the waiter a couple times indicating that I liked the food but he didn't seem to care about my opinion. Can't decide if it was language barrier or what. The Ugly: The bathroom. It didn't seem diseased, but the tile was worn, the walls were ugly, and the toilet seemed like it came from a manufactured home. The mirror looked like a half-assed attempt at upscaling it, but they blew it.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =Priya here has closed, and the phone number has been assumed by another nearby restaurant.
