5	Darryl Archer, the owner of Darryl's plumbing is an honest and wonderful man.  My house in Sun City Grand has had myriad plumbing problems, the dishwasher wasn't working, the kitchen sink was stopped up, the garbage disposal wasn't working and the sprinklers some how sprung an underground leak - Darryl has fixed every one of the issues quickly, and has been so kind in the process.  My sister and I inherited this house from my father and we conducted a lot of business with Darryl over the phone.  He has helped us out enormously and has never tried to take advantage of the difficult situation.  He has a great way with pets (my 8 pound dog tried to attack him), and with people alike.  It's wonderful to have a plumber to call that can be trusted.If you're looking for a plumber you can't go wrong with Darryl's plumbing! His rates are reasonable and he does amazing work! He even referred us to a landscaper that also did a wonderful job at reasonable prices!!!We love Darryl and are so glad that we found him!
5	Darryl showed up right on time and made the repair in just a few minutes.  Cleaned up after himself and the price was very fair.  I will certainly use Darryl again and recommend him to others.
5	Family visiting and the first one that arrives has to take a cold shower!  Darryl and Paul came over the next AM, they did a great job, cleaned up, and we were back in action right away.  I try to avoid the mega-chains when possible, because they tend to flip you the middle finger if you have a problem.  Local small business owners tend to actually care about satisfaction, especially in this era of social media rating of everything.  I hope not to see them for a long time, but if I need a plumber, I know who I am calling, especially when I mainly live out of state, and need someone that I can trust without me looking over their shoulder.
5	Darryl did a great job at installing a water pressue regulator valve at my house when there was very little room to work with.  He finished the job that he said he was going to do and he charged me a fair price.  I would recommend him to anyone.
