3	I love coming in here!  It makes me feel like a kid again!  They have a lot of toys like Lego, Duplo (the big ones) and  checkers, bingo and chinese checkers!   Remember Mad-Libs?  This place has 'em!  It's the closest thing to what our parents and grandparents used to call a dime store or "5-and-dime".  It's an older and more charming version of Family Dollar or something like that.
5	Stores like this are the best thing! I love the personal touches and the selection! A great place for toys and novelties! If you are not sure of a gift for someone, this place has it!
5	Great little toy store on the corner of a quiet neighborhood street. Besides being a foodie, I have a weakness for old fashioned 5&10 stores. Nicely laid out, friendly owner, lots of choices. Melissa & Doug toys, games, arts & crafts supplies, penny candy and more. Best one west of Vidler's in East Aurora, NY! Note: they do not take credit cards.
4	I thought this was a pretty cool store, but they don't have as much as other toy stores do. Lots of educational, non-violent stuff for kids can be found here.
5	Yesterday I was in need of some helium balloons for an evening event in Shadyside.  The service at the Variety Store was wonderful.  Not only were they willing to take my order over the phone, but the owner personally delivered the balloons to the venue to save me a daytime trip before my evening event.Thanks Shadyside Variety.  I couldn't be more thankful of your service.
5	I was like a kid in a ca...err, I mean a toy store.I came in here to get some noise makers and ended up browsing the shelves and thinking, "Man, to be a kid again."  It takes some time to browse through everything they have.  They've got just about every little trinket and small toy you can imagine.  I was just browsing away and picking up just about everything I came across.  Examining it, reading the explanations on the package, and of course I played with it, they are toys.  I had completely forgot why I came in here until the lady working the floor brought me back to reality.  Once I said I was looking for noise makers, she went into a frenzy much like that of the Tasmanian Devil and when she stopped, there was a small collection on their best noise makers.  I mean I ended up getting a slide whistle, kazoo, and maraca, just to name a few.It's nice to have a store like this around.  It draws you in, tells you to calm down and take a breath, and reminds you that when life gets a bit hectic, sit down on the floor and give that top a spin.
3	I'm sorry to say this, but I agree with Darren: while this place has a bunch of character, and the owner is a nice woman, you'll find a more extensive selection right down the street at SW Randall or in Squirrel Hill at Games Unlimited. On the other hand, those other places won't have the small little nicknacks that the Variety Store carries. It would be a kid's delight to walk in here an explore the small items, whoopie cushions, board games, etc. Plus, this place would be better for the parents' pocket books that the others, because children will be more than happy to play with a $2 whoopie cushion compared to a $40 board game from Games Unlimited.
4	Fun store! Though I just spent a couple minutes here while my husband was browsing, I loved the old fashioned vibe. Plus, the owner seemed to be very hands-on. Not only was she helping a lot of customers find particular items, but I heard a couple customers even address her by name as they entered.
