2	Took my son here for "finally" a haircut.  So far so good.  There was no wait at all.  Location and parking is easy. Then comes the time when my son gets done with his haircut and his hair actually looks somewhat decent compared to how it looked before.  After leaving the place, my son shows me a longer piece of hair and what the heck, its uneven.  What is going on Supercuts?!  I gotta remember NOT to bring my kids here again.
3	I can count on one hand the number of times I have spent more than $20 on a haircut.For me there are only a few things that matter when I'm getting a haircut:How much is it?How quickly can this be over?Don't talk my ear off.Don't cut my ear off.Don't try to hard sell your overpriced crap to me.& just being honest it doesn't hurt if you are an attractive friendly female.Ok...well this location hit 4 out of those 6 requirements. The girl working seemed a little frustrated when I arrived because she was the only person there with 2 people already in chairs and me walking in 30 mins before closing.Other than that I got a great cut for only $10, she was too busy to chat, after a bit of a wait the cut was quick and easy and she did a good job of understanding my 3rd grade explanation of how I wanted it (uhh...kinda short on the sides and the back, kinda long on top but not too long, just long enough to make it long, but still short.)She didn't even mention product and both my ears are still intact.But for $10 for a great cut I'll go back, but I'll call ahead first.
1	This place "USED TO BE GREAT."  All the good senior stylist like Ulda, Mahee, Elaine, Victoria, etc...are gone. Someone told me that Victoria's over at Great clips and Elaine's at Beauty Essence.  Look for them there and stay away from Supercuts.
4	I am pretty easygoing when it comes to getting my haircut. Typically, the location of a place in terms of proximity is most important to me. This Supercuts is pretty close to where I work and I have made it my go-to-spot. Upon checking this last time I noticed it was boasting a 2 star review average, which was quite surprising to me.I believe my last check-in there informed me it was my fourth visit to this location. Each time I've gone I have never had an issue. Wait times were respectable, often times nonexistent. The employees are pleasant and friendly, and I have never walked out with a bad haircut.
