5	JB came to look at the broken blinds that were covering my windows in my condo.  He provided me options and a quote.  What makes him so different than other companies is his professionalism, honestly and he was not pushy.  I had a few other companies come and provide me an estimate, however they were much higher and not very professional.  It is really important to me when looking for a company that they are professional, provide value and allow me to make the decision.  JB really is a reflection of how a company should operate and most important provide excellent customer service.  I always refer people to him because I know they will feel the same as I do.  Thank you JB!
5	Great service!!! Great prices!!!  They have installed a number of jobs for my property management business, and I have never been disappointed.
5	I've referred Sunrise Solar Screens to several of my family and friends in town and they have had nothing but great things to say. This company goes above and beyond to make sure that they accommodate your needs and not up sell you additional products that you do not really need. They give you several different options, which is very helpful if you are on a budget. Excellent customer service is difficult to come by, and I'm glad that this company goes out of their way to deliver it!
5	Superb work at a very competitive price.  Excellent people to work with.
5	Great customer service and super fast turn around time.  Got an estimate for solar screens on Saturday and  they were installed on Tue. Plus they look great! Thanks Aaron.
5	We just had a job done by this company, and JB was a pleasure to work with. He asked all the right questions, made some good suggestions I hadn't thought of, and was great at staying in communication throughout the process (tho' they were so fast, it was a very short process). I don't make recommendations easily or often, but JB deserves the high marks he gets.
4	They did work at my new house and they did an awesome job. Im glad I went with them since getting different quotes. They were the most professional, on time and friendly people. Totally recommend them.
5	I've ordered blinds a couple times from Sunrise Solar Screens and couldn't be happier.  I've even recommended them to my folks who own a few properties.  The owner, JB, is awesome and always so friendly.  If you need blinds, shutters or solar screens, these are your guys!
1	Just bought a house in Henderson and after all the great YELP reviews, I called and made an appointment 2 weeks in advance. Day of the appt, I left my family having the time of their life at lake mead to meet JB and 3 minutes before he was supposed to arrive he left a message saying he was not going to be able to make it and did not know if and when he could- maybe middle to end of next week. DON"T waste your time, find a different company who values potential customers!
5	I decided to have more solar shades installed and of course called Sunrise.  Once again happy with my decision. One shade was scratched and one the wrong size but they did not hesitate to address the issues.  JB kept me up to date with the status of the rework and always on-time or called to keep me updated. Thanks JB!
5	I ordered solar screens, bug screens, and a sliding screen door from Sunrise and was very happy with them.  The screens came in within 2 weeks, everyone I dealt with from the company was super nice and helpful, and the screens are great.  They were also very reasonably priced.  I would highly recommend them for any kind of screens!
