5	Again -- i"m loving the tax-free rez smokes!  Last week we wet to the one on Riggs Rd (see my review here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/akimel-o-othham-and-on-auk-mor-indian-smoke-shops-and-cigarettes-chandler#hrid:U-Mu1JbyXQe8s7NGbZz5zw/src:self)  Today we hit the one on McKellips.  Love the fast drive-thru action for smokes.  Then we tanked up on gasoline. Some idiot at the pump in front of me was smoking a stogie while pumping his gasoline. Umm hello?  Fire & gas don't mix. What effing planet are you from?  Not only are you risking blowing yourself up -- but pretty much anyone within a one miler adius if the underground tanks go up with you, ya flippin idjit!  Can't hold that against the rez folks tho --I was just completely stunned.
5	This is the best place to buy cigarettes. Any brand that you want they have it. If you need rolling papers, cigars, etc. thay have them as well. If your in a hurry or don't want to get out of your car you can use their drive thru windows. If your getting broke spending $8 bucks a pack at your circle k, this place is your answer. You can get packs of Marlboro reds for $5 and some change or a carton for around $45. I can't give any prices for other brands, since reds are what I smoke, but typically reds are near the highest price of brands.
4	Tax free smokes!! yeah I'm a picker,and I'm a Grinner, I'm a lover and I'm a sinner . . . Playin' my music in the sun.!!!  blah blah blah . . . Tax free Cancer stixx . . . . . . . they ain't without me when I'm doin' my TriXX . . . .uhu!
5	This is the only place I go to buy cigarettes anymore. The drive-thru is great and they have even super-rare brands, all for cheaper than most of the cheapest cigs you can buy at a gas station or elsewhere. I smoke Capri 120 menthols, and i get them there for $6.75- a brand i haven't been able to find for under $8 anywhere else. Great value, as tax-free reservation cigs normally are, and the service is never unpleasant, usually pretty friendly. I'd probably go broke if it weren't for On Auk Mor!
3	This place also has a gas station.  This review is for the gas station....The lanes are not very wide and getting in/out can be hairy when it's busy.  The place is popular because the smokes here are tax free and very cheap.  I'll have to stop by and see if there are any decent cigars for sale.Return Factor - 50%
4	Best prices in AZ
4	Great Store, incredible selection and great prices.. A smokers paradise. There is nothing quite like lighting that first cigarette of the day. I can only compare it to an awakening of sorts. The rich full flavor of American grown tobacco both satisfies the senses and opens the mind to a world of possibilities and hope. It is simultaneously relaxing and invigorating. It is my moment of ecstasy and freedom before I start another day at my dead end job. Tobacco.. She is my teacher, mother.. Secret Lover.
4	Sweet smokes, although I don't smoke I just come here with people who do. But if I did this would be one of the places I would go. Tax free! Gets really busy at times and they have a gas station. Just don't smoke and fill up at the same time.
4	If you smoke Cigs or Cigars, this is your spot for cheap smokes.  You don't have to pay tax on it, so it's much cheaper.  I don't smoke Cigarettes, but I smoke Cigars on occasion.  I stop by this place to grab a stick or two before a round of golf with the buds.  If you're on the run, there's a drive thru available for your convenience....I've never used it though.  I like to "feel" and personally select my Cigars before I buy.There's a Chevron gas station here too, so you can grab some gas as well.  The gas station can get busy during the lunch hour and right after work.  Lanes are not very wide, so it's difficult to maneuver when it gets busy.Return Factor - 80%
4	If you need to buy tobacco products this is the place to go. Half the store is dedicated just to tobacco. They also have a drive thru for when you can't find parking in their lot which is full most of the time. They also have a small deli and eating area inside. This place definitely puts most of its focus on its tobacco sales as it should since people are in there buying cartons all day long.
1	My buddy calls me and tells me his car broke down on the 101. I jump in my car and drive to pick him up. On the way, I thought since it was so hot, I will stop and grab a couple of bottles of water. I see this store, and stop in. As soon as I entered I should have known there was a problem. There was a line nine deep, and people looked like they had been there for a bit. While they had many staff members, they only had one register open. At one point they tried to fire up another register, but it was a shit show, and didn't work, so the customer had to come back to the huge line. It took FOREVER to buy two bottles of water, and I cannot think of a reason to ever stop there again.
4	Cheap cigarettes, nice selection. Leave your backpack at the door.
5	I live in LA but spend a lot of time here in PHX, I usually buy a carton of American Spirits in LA before I get here because I can get them for about $6 a pack but once I run out buying a pack in PHX is like torture at around $9 a pack after tax. But I'm loving On-AuK-Mor, cheapest place I've found in PHX so far, $6.50 a pack and you don't have to pay the tax. I'll be back!
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. My brother's car got flooded and was literally floating down McKellips. The cops extracted him from his car and left him at the gas station. It took me an hour to get to him because of the crazy rain storm. The inhumane morons at this gas station would not let him inside because he did not have shoes on. The poor kid was waiting outside in the crazy storm that literally swept his car away because he did not want to cause a scene or get tazed by the idiots they employ.
4	Best priced cigs & tobacco in the area & un-taxed.  Its near the casino, Hours are kinda reasonable, selection is adequate.  Not sure what more there is to review about this place.
