5	AMAZING!!!!!I stumbled across this brand new butcher.  They just opened here in AZ about 4 weeks ago.  The owners being from the MS and OK really know their stuff.  They recommended for me to try first their wet-aged beef for the grill.  I bought an 18oz wet-aged boneless ribeye.  OMG!!!  Especially with their special dry rub, HOLY C$%#!!!  IT AIN'T NO SPECIAL sauce.  I literally stood up from the table after my first bite and gave myself, the steak and THEM a standing ovation!  I went in yesterday solely to tell them about my experience and that I will be back tomorrow to pick up a dry-aged boneless ribeye for comparison.  They simply said that if I liked the wet-aged, you'll go nuts over the dry-aged.  I have a funny feeling they are right.  Oh, and did I mention that the price was right?!!!  AMAZING!
5	This is with out a doubt the best steaks I have EVER tasted from retail. I am hooked for life! Give it a try and you too will bee an addicted fan.
5	I would seriously give this place six stars if I could.  The shop is spotless, the people could not be more helpful, and the products are truly second to none (not to mention the prices are very competitive).  They dry age Angus beef in house and are probably the only Certified Angus Beef store in the area.  The dry aged strips I cooked a few weeks back were just superb, and I've cooked plenty of Prime, Wagyu, and 'Kobe' steaks over the years.They will also special order things for you if you've got a special occasion.I really cannot recommend this place highly enough!p.s. they also have BBQPHX sauce, which that alone is worth a visit!!
5	Words can't describe it.  They are the best I have found in the Phoenix area and beat any butcher shop I bought from in other cities in the US over 30 years.Steaks are awesome (dry or wet aged), french cut veal chops are awesome Oso Bucco is obscenely large and if you sign up for email they have a regular special called 6 for 20.  Six items for twenty bucks.  not bad.Oh did I mention the sausage they make?  If you want buffalo, lamb, elk and great airline chicken cuts they have that too.What is bad about it.  You have to really want to find it the first time.  It is a inconvenient location.  I hope in the future, they move where there is better access.  That said, it is worth the effort.  I go there every weekend.
5	I love this place!!!  Some of the best steak ever.   Over many trips, we have tried most everything they offer.  The dry-aged beef was awesome and my daughters favorite.  I loved the Saratoga which is a trimmed rib eye.  I could eat that everyday.I have tried all of the seasoning and they are great.  I can't say enough good things about Bull Market.  Clint is a great guy and goes out of his way to make everyone happy.  This is the kind of local business I love to support.
5	Great steaks!
5	I stumbled on these guys from using the app around me on my iPhone and after learning they are a true to form butcher shop I had to check them out. It's a small shop on east bell started by a few guys that have been in the meat industry for over 50 years, and it shows. They have great looking cuts of meat and the shop is immaculate, but as my wife said the meat has to prove itself so the test was on. I have picked up prime meat from AJ's Frys, online sites like omaha steaks and of course restaurants, so that was my baseline. II grabbed a 2lb prime tri-tip roast, a Saratogo Steak (ribeye without the fat trimmed), some sweet italian sausages and a chicken breast. Night one I cooked the tri-tip on the grill on high heat for 3 minutes per side, and then another 5 minutes per side off of direct heat. After letting it sit for 10 minutes I cut it open and served, and it was one of the best tasting cuts of meat I have had, hands down, it was butter. Last night I tried the sweet italian sausages and the chicken breast for the girls, both were absolute homeruns, they reminded me of cuts that I would normally expect at Ocean Club or a similar restaurant. This place rocks so run, dont walk to get a good cut of meat.
5	We don't shop anywhere else for our meats since finding this place a year ago.  Their prices and quality is far superior to AJ's or any other gourmet market. Their prices are a little more than the supermarkets but totally worth it.  This place can't be beat.  We never eat out anymore because we can make Flemings or Morton's quality steaks at home for a fraction of the cost!  Their vacuum marinated chicken is out of this world and their steak burgers blow away the best burger joints in town.  Try their dry aged beef for a special treat.  You'll think you are fine dining at Gallagers!Paul, Clint and Jeanne run an amazing store and we love supporting this local one stop shop for all your dining needs.  They are friendly and so helpful and knowledgeable.  This is a must shop for everyone!
5	OMG OMG OMG....I just tried the Prime Burnt Ends...AMAZING!  the smokiness and sweet tangy taste of the BBQ, all I can say is OMG.....
5	I have been going here since shortly after they opened and I must say, I probably will not buy meat at a grocery store again. The quality of the products they sell is exceptional. The marinated chicken breasts are huge, and so flavorful. One serves all 3 of us and you can cut them with a fork. The beef is lean, so fresh and so tender. I cannot wait to order my fresh thanksgiving turkey.
5	This place is incredible.  You must get the AZ Barbecue Sauce.  The seasonings are great as well, I just got the Gold Dust.
5	Some of the best meat cuts available in this part of town. They even have prime cuts. On my first trip there I bought some pork chops that looked like beef rib eyes. They looked and tasted unbelievably delicious. Also picked up some venison sausage and some in house made Brats which were very good as well. They even had fresh broccolini in the cooler. I want to get a full brisket next time I visit. A little hard to find since Bell Rd. turns into Frank Lloyd Wright while heading east. If going east on FLW turn left on Hayden heading north and Bell is the next street on the right or you can hit it going north on the loop 101 using the Bell Exit and head west under the overpass.
5	Fantastic meats and love how welcoming, passionate and helpful the people are!  It is rare to find a butcher now-a-days.  This one is top notch with healthy organic options.
5	Wow, what an awesome find! Friendly people and GREAT meats. Especially the burnt ends OMG!!! Will be going back
4	I bought the $10 for $20 groupon a few weeks ago and I keep hoping they put another one up! We bought four boneless top sirloins and they were very tender, not much fat. I like the groupon because I ended up getting 4 steaks for $11 (had to add $1 after groupon price). We started a Friday steak night and I've been going here since to get them since they're better than Fry's. Only thing is they are on the pricey side. I think last week I got two steaks for like $17 or so. Next time, i will def buy as many groupons as I can!
5	Fantastic doesn't even to begin to describe how great the meats are here.  Came because I had a groupon but would spend the money anyway to buy here.  Cuts are fabulous and so tasty.  They even showed my sons where they butcher the meat as they had never seen a real butcher.  Great service and highly recommend it.  they also have great seasonings for sale.
5	Great quality, great service, and great prices.  They start with great quality beef, and then age it, so  the taste is superior to that of grocery stores.  Prices are comparable--and many times cheaper--than grocery store prices.  Stop by, you won't be sorry.
5	I would much rather buy my meat from a butcher than a grocery store.  The meat is hand picked by the owners, and its WAY better quality than what you would get a Frys.  I really like their homemade sausage.  The chicken breasts are just OK, not the best I've ever had but again much better than a grocery store and the prices for chicken are very reasonable.  One of the owners is always there to help you (very nice touch) and I've never had to wait to be helped as the other reviewer said.  NY Strips are some of the best I've had.  Their selection is small, but if you don't see something you want, the owners are very willing to go in the back and get you what you are looking for.  You can't beat real genuine service and of course its good to support small businesses.
5	I'm so happy to have found this shop. The prime Saratoga Rib-eye is the best steak I've ever had and the owners are extremely friendly and informative.  Goodbye to AJs for meat purchases.
1	Is The Bull Market going out of business? I went there two weekends in a row. The first time I did not go in because I assumed they were closed, there was not a single car in the parking lot. Today I stopped in again, I was the only car and customer there. There is a very limited selection of shrink wrapped meet on display. The lack of selection and the display lacks any semblance of a fresh meet market. It reminded me more of a convenience store that carried a few meat selections. Where is the butcher cutting fresh cuts of meat? I think the fresh meat displays at AJ, Fry's and even Safeway are much superior to this. The prices are on par with AJ and more expensive than Fry's or Safeway. As much as I wanted this to be a great butcher shop where I could pick up quality fresh steaks I was really disappointed.
5	This place is amazing!! We just finished dinner and I knew I had to write this ASAP! We bought two 8oz prime choice fillets and they were incredible. They definitely rival any steak we've gotten from Whole Foods and even had out at nice restruants. I highly recommend this establishment and we will be going back very soon!!!
5	Best quality meat in city. Grocery stores including AJ 's do not compare. They get there beef from only two places In the country.  Saratoga steak is amazing. Butchers are knowledgeable and extremely helpful.
5	Hands down the best butcher shop in Scottsdale!
5	First trip to this little gem of a shop today to pick up meats for Christmas.The owner Clint was kind enough to help in every level: meat selection, amount, preparation, and serving. A very knowledgeable and friendly family business. Happy to have found a wonderful local butcher. Cooked one rack already and meat was better than anything we have ever had. Amazing!!!
5	Friendly and knowledgable butcher.  Clean, odor free shop.  Very high quality meat, beautifully and expertly trimmed.  Prices are a little higher than national chains (Fry's, Safeway, etc...) but the quality more than makes up for it.  Direct comparison showed Bull Market's beef to be amazingly tender and flavorful compared to national chain's beef.  A shop worth finding.
5	That was the best piece of standing rib roast we have ever had.  Will definitely be back again and again.  Chet (if I remember that right) was very friendly, actually spent about 20 minutes with us explaining the best cut for our dinner.Now on to try their other meats!
5	Very very sad that Bull Market is temporarily closed.  I hope someone connected in Scottsdale can fix this.  Arizona has some convoluted laws regarding independent meat markets and the distance to grocery stores. These guys are truly deserving of some help!For now Butcher Bobs on the West Side for our family.
