4	Since moving to AZ 2.5 years ago, this is where I take Minnie for her annual check-ups, rabies, bordatella, rashes, and anything else that comes up...We've seen Dr. Stevenson, Dr. Bates, and Dr. Dawson, and I've had a good experience with all of them.  The vet technicians are all very personable as well.  On occasion, I've had to wait longer than expected (even with an appointment), but I feel comfortable recommending this veterinarian office to anyone.  The staff is usually friendly and they are organized, so I always receive postcards when Minnie is due for something.  They are also pretty good in case of emergency as well.  (I had to take Minnie in a few months ago when they had the dog food recall and they accomodated her immediately... this may be due to the fact that I was freaking out on the phone, but I was just happy to take her in right away!)If you are looking for a reliable veterinarian practice to take your (pet) children to, and you live not too far from north Scottsdale, consider Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital... (this review was written by Gabi & Minnie)
5	The ways in which this animal hospital has been there for us for over a decade are infinite. I've repeatedly been in awe at how they have always gone far above and beyond for me and for us in troubling times and it has always brought me great peace to know that when it has been needed, my pets have not only had the best medical care possible, but also the most heartfelt and dedicated. This is truly an amazing team that has the best interest of the pets we love so much at heart, not to mention, those of their human clients. I can't express how much that has meant to me
5	We have been taking our dog, Cholla, to Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital since we "found" her, back in 2005.  The tech staff is wonderful - Cholla loves Patrick (Probably mostly for the treats.).  I have always found the staff and Doctors (We have seen Dr. Dawson, Dr. Stevenson, and lately Dr. Izumi) to be professional, caring for animals, and provide good answers and treatment explanations to the "parents" of their patients.  I also appreciate the fact the Doctors and Staff don't push "extra" services on you (i.e. Teeth Cleaning) unless you inquire, or they really feel there is an issue.  Thank you.
5	I unfortunately went here under bad circumstances. My dog was getting old and I had just taken her to another Animal Hospital in the area. They wanted to charge me over $600 in tests before even considering putting her to sleep. I've had my dog for 5 years and knew that she wasn't doing well. The decline in her health happened over the last couple of weeks and I could tell she was suffering. I didn't want to put her through all those tests and agony over weeks, months or years just to keep her around for myself. I decided to find another place in the area. I happened to do a google search and found Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital. I called and told the receptionist the story and he put me on hold then asked if I could come by in 15 minutes. Luckily I was just down the street. I don't know which doctor I saw (I was too emotional to ask). It was a tough day and I had made a tough decision, to put my dog to sleep to end her suffering. The doctor I saw understood. She had me sign the paperwork and explained everything to me in detail. I left hysterical because I had just left my dog (a family member) in the hands of complete strangers. I was still struggling with the decision I had just made but as I left expecting to pay a bill to my shock and amazement they said don't worry about it. I couldn't believe it. I asked again how much it would be. My dog was like one of my kids, money wasn't my concern, it was her well being. The receptionist said the doctor took care of it and not to worry. The kindness and compassion shown to me by the doctor and the staff was one I have not experienced in a long time. I'm sad that I no longer have my dog but know that on that day I left her in good hands.
5	Friendly and accomodating staff. Very thorough and professional tech and medical staff. They are not the cheapest...but I never questioned their practice, advice and recommendations in the care of my pet.
5	Just an update on Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital since I haven't written one in several years...We continue to go to PPAH and they haven't let us down since moving here to AZ 7+ years ago!  Dr. Azumi is who we usually see and she is wonderful but Dr. Dawson is awesome too.  He did Minnie's teeth cleaning last year.  All of the front desk staff and vet techs are super friendly and knowledgeable too.  Just as going to the doctor isn't always fun for people, I'm sure Minnie feels the same way about going to the vet, but I know we're in good hands at Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital.***We also recently had a horrible scare when we found worms in Minnie's dog food.  I called PPAH and they suggested a new dog food to use, told me to watch Minnie, etc... and thank goodness she's fine.  My little girl is now almost 10 years old, but with the care of PPAH's staff and the TLC we give her at home, I hope she has at least another 10 years in her!
5	My dog has had chronic ear infections for over 10 years which is very common for her breed (Cocker Spaniel mix).  Despite trying many different oral and topical medications, I was unable to find a vet that was able to cure her until I met Dr. Dawson.Dr. Dawson put her on several medications and also put her on a hyper-allergenic dog food to test her for allergies.  Within 2 weeks, my dog was cured!  She has more energy than she has in years and no longer scratches her ears constantly.  It's as though I have a new dog.  I couldn't be happier to have found Dr. Dawson!
5	Just a great staff who truly cares about your pets, very reasonable fees and quick service.  I highly recommend this place for any vaccine, annual check-up or emergency.
5	I have taken several of my dogs to this facility for more than 15 years.  They are caring, professional, and very wonderful people.  Dr. Dawson, Dr. Izumi, and Dr. Stevenson are all passionate about what they do and truly care!  Even the techs really care and do everything they can. I have been to other vet offices and will now only be bringing my pets here from now on.
5	I have been taking my beloved pets to Pinnacle Peak Animal Hospital for the last 22 years. I have nothing but great things to say about all if the doctors-Stevenson, Dawson, Izumi & Bates! They have cared for two sets of litter mates from puppy to the end with me and continue to care for my 3 current dogs. They have referred me to an oncologist and a vet who performs in home euthanasia and under the circumstances, I could not have asked for better referrals. However, I have been referred to VetMed 3 times now. Twice I saw Dr Aguirre who went to Cornell and is a sharp guy. But the last experience with Vet Med was beyond disastrous with their staff failing to provide me with test results for several days while when we did not have the luxury of time. So 5 stars to PPAH but you may want another referral should they suggest Vet Med even though they are considered one of the preeminent specialty groups in town.
5	We have two dogs and love this place.  More often than not we see Dr. Stevenson but have also seen Dr. Bates and Dr. Dawson.  They are all terrific, caring, knowledgeable and you can tell that they really care.  They also know their limitations.  Our one dog had a displaced patella. They diagnosed it and sent us to an ortho vet for the surgery because they only do minor surgery here (spay/neuter, removing "things", etc.).The tech staff are wonderful.  They're very gently with your sick pet and go out of their way to make them feel comfortable.  Another nice touch is that I've always gotten a phone call within a day or two to see how my dog is doing if I bring him or her in for something non-routine.  The vet calls, not the tech. That personal touch is appreciated.
5	Pinnacle Peak has been our ongoing care facility for all of our dogs since we first moved to Phoenix.  They are as good as it gets in veterinary care.  They have been through every type of medical situation with our pups that is possible (valley fever, cancer, dental...even the need to remove a chewed bone that was refusing to leave our dog's digestive system....) and they have always done so with compassion and the best of technical knowledge.  If the need was something that required a particular specialist, they would not hesitate sending us to someone else.  Unfortunately, sometimes the care involved euthanasia and we always knew that they sincerely hurt as we did.  The veterinarians and technicians are some of the best in the profession and the Pinnacle Peak staff are truly caring people.  Their fees are reasonable and they will always do their best to get you in quickly in the case of a last-minute problem.  You and your pet will always be in good hands at Pinnacle Peak!
5	I highly recommend bringing your loved one(s) here. I have two cats and feel 100% confident that they receive great care. I moved to AZ in 2012 and researched the backgrounds of several establishment's veterinarians, beyond what is listed on their website, and found the PPAH vets to be the most qualified. The entire staff seem passionate about what they do. The front desk staff and vet techs are fabulous to work with.Every single time I've had concerns about one of my cats and asked PPAH if they could see them that same day, PPAH has been accommodating and found a way to schedule them in at the end of the day. I'm always so grateful to their staff for this. Bottom line: This place is purrfect!
