4	My hair dresser moved over to this salon after she graduated from school. Her name is Elisa and she is great with color. I highly recommend calling her. She is in the salon everyday but sunday and you wont be disappointed.
1	Never coming back here. Came In for a dry trim. This is when they do not wash your hair, they just dust off some uneven ends usually $5-15. The entire time this Asian lady just kept insulting my hair, from my color to the cut to some damage (my hair is not that bad at all). She kept pushing for a million little things as I kept repeating I just want a dry trim please. She wouldn't stop! Then insisted on cutting it shorter than I wanted. I said no and she did it anyway and said it would look better. It doesn't. Then she charged me $35 for a $5 service. Ridiculous, I will never return.
1	I called Bliss today on a recommendation of another barber that wasn't available for an appointment today. My conversation went as follows:Lady: "Hello Bliss Salon & Spa"Me: "Hi! How are you doing today?"Lady "IS THIS ANOTHER SALES CALL? DO YOU WANT TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT OR NOT?"Me: "Not anymore"What a joke. Sorry if you run a business, getting sales calls happens. However, I wasn't a sales call I was calling to become a customer and possibly a repeat one considering I live right next to it. So congratulations Bliss, you lost a customer before I even set foot in your establishment. Whoever was manning the phones at 4:40 on 5/15/2014 should take a lesson in customer service.I will make sure to tell anyone considering using this place my experience and also report back to the store that referred me to STOP referring people to this place.
5	Bliss Salon is clean, full of friendly employees, and provides great services. The hairdressers here take their time with each and every client, and I have not had one bad experience. Chris does an exceptional job with my hair. Every time she cuts it, it's with precision and care. My hair falls so beautifully after a cut, and I don't have to do much to style it. There are always complimentary snacks and drinks, which is a plus!
