5	Great clips is not really known for great haircuts...from previous experiences. However, this place exceeded my expectations. I got a cut from Brittany and she was nice and friendly but most importantly she knew how to cut hair. I will definitely be back to get my bi - monthly haircut.
4	This is a good location and business to receive a quick quality haircut.  If you check in online, or using the app, it usually will save you a few minutes wait time.  They store your previous haircut information, and ask you if you want the same type of cut.  Friendly staff.
1	I usually take my kids to get their cuts here and I've never had an issue. I decided to take my mother to get a trim here and checked in online as I always do, there was one person ahead of us, and she said we were next. A family of 4 came in after us and the lady at the counter asked them if they had checked in online, she replied no so she checked them in. The one person ahead of us was called and we saw on the screen that my mother was next. As soon as the next stylist became available we thought we were going to be called next, however she called the person after us. I approached her and brought it up and she told me they had checked in online and they were before us. It made me more upset that she thought I was that stupid to believe her, I clearly saw my mothers name next on the screen and heard her conversation. Because of this I will NOT be taking my kids here anymore.
4	This place is great for an inexpensive hair cut. You can check in online and there really is not much of a wait. The staff are very friendly and listen to what you want.
3	Great Clips in Aliante usually provides good service but the prices are a bit high. I checked in online today and the website said it would be a four minute wait time, I walked there from my house which was about ten minutes, when I got there I had already been deleted and it was now a 15 minute wait, I ended up having to wait.
1	Got a hair cut today at this location and staffs are not really paying attention to the customer request. They were to busy chit chatting with each other.  I ask for fade only on the side of my head and totally shave all my hair which I could done it my self. Those locations is breading place for new bees and I won't highly recommend this place. They will try to be friendly with so you won't complain about their uneven haircut. This place is sucks.. definitely won't go back again..
