4	Had an opportunity to visit on a beautiful Friday night - 70 degree's, clear skies, truly a perfect Southern Spring night. First impressions - this was the old Firenza's, and the new owners haven't changed it much. There is still a bar inside and small patio outside. Overall, however, the atmosphere is more casual and inviting now - the updated decor reminds me of "red sauce" Italian restaurants in the Northeast (think Pomodoro in Boston or even Mia Francesca's in Chicago) We were seated fairly quickly (big plus!) outside. Menu: The menu has a lot of the Italian standards (Penne with Vodka sauce, eggplant rollatini, Chicken Marsala, Calamari) but also some items that are unique (stuffed mushrooms with ricotta and spinach, a fettucine alfredo with shrimp and sun-dried tomato). We ordered the Rudy's salad (greens with a Gorgonzola honey dressing), the calamari, and for our entrees we chose the eggplant rollatini and the frutti de mare. Overall quality of the food was very good - fresh ingredients, well prepared. While nothing we ordered was very complex, the chef did a very good job of maximizing the freshness and simplicity of the dishes. Some of the small touches we like - the calamari came with shoestring zucchini sticks that were also lightly breaded. The rollatini was excellent, a decedent dish oozing with cheese (only odd thing is it came with a random medley of veggies). Wine list: not exceptional, but a good selection of offerings and reasonably priced by the bottle (per glass costs are a bit high) Service: no complaints - our waiter was professional, unobtrusive, and timely. Value: thumbs up. We had two entrees a salad, appetizer and a good bottle of wine for under $100. Overall, this is now on our list to return to! In particular we want to try the Gnocchi Thursday's, which we have heard are fantastic!
5	you will not leave uphappy, service is wonderful nice small cozy italian restaurant. the food is excellent and you will go back.  if you live around the area you must must try out, new zealand cafe.
4	Great Lunch spot!!  Not too crowded, tables are far enough away to have a conversation.  My guest had a flat bread pizza and said it was fabulous, I had the tonno salad which was very enloyable.  Service was excellent, fair prices, food was fresh, I'll be going back soon.
4	Lunch Today I had Minestrone Soup and the Genovese Panini.  The Minestrone was one of the most unique Minestrone I have tasted.  The Panini was very good - Piled with Mortudella, perfectly balanced with Salame and Asiago - then they put Pesto on the underside of the top piece of bread and a Sun dried Tomato spread on the bottom piece.  Everything tasted very good and as with my other two dines here the  Service was Exceptional!!!  Rudy has always been there and is friendly, polite, appreciative and humble!
2	Okay I'll base my review solely on the food.  I went here with a friend on a visit to Charlotte thinking it would be a great evening of good food.  I was wrong. First off, the appetizers, a promising ricotta stuffed mushroom dish, arrived to our table luke-warm.  Really disgusting.  Okay I lied, I must mention the service right quick.  I don't like so-called fine dining establishments where the servers don't use trays and stack your plates on their arms and carry your plates with their thumbs centimeters from your food.Then the over priced entree came out and let's just say I've had better Italian at Olive Garden.  All in all I was more than underwhelmed.  Save your money and go to your local OG.
4	Normally when you say Italian, I am already at the table, fork and knife in hand and a huge napkin tucked into my shirt.Rudy's is a great cozy restaurant in the Ballantyne area next to Trader Joe's.  I remember the restaurant as being something else when I was in high school (probably Spanish or Italian)... but anyways.We met some family friends here and had a table of 6.  There is a nice bar area of which we tried the bartenders "best" vodka martini (gibson style (with pearl onions instead of olives)).  Boozed up already, it was a nice start to a nice evening of good company.Our table ordered 2 calamari fritti which were good... my favorite part about the appetizers were the zucchini strips mixed in with the calamari... the breading wasn't especially heavy or oily... it was just right.I had veal scallopini which was a little on the tough side... maybe it was due to the cut, but still good with the quartered small red potato that comes with the side.I want to come back here and try there pasta!We all had some sort of gellato (which was awesome) and I had a much needed coffee.All in all a great place for Italian.  I will definitely be back!
4	Enjoyable, great service, good food
4	Rudy's has earned it's way to our "go to" local italian joint.  We love the owner, the service is always great, and the food is on point.  In fact, they will customize their menu for you easily when asked.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the paint job on the inside is a bit much and parking can be a bit of a pain.  However, when my wife and I are thinking local italian, we're thinking Rudy's.  I highly recommend this place!
4	Firenze, the restaurant to previously occupy Rudy's space, was my favorite Italian restaurant in town.  If I didn't know any better, I would have thought I was eating at Firenze, with a different name, and a lower price point.  Rudy's Rocks!!We were seated promptly, though we had no reservation and the restaurant was packed.  The freshly baked bread is outstanding.  A variety of garlic focaccia, grain bread, and sour dough.  The white beans in olive oil are so good you will want to eat them out of the dish!We began by sharing the Caprese salad as well as the funghi ripieni.  The Caprese was outstanding, with basil a'plenty.  My boyfriend raved and raved over the mushrooms, while I found the cream sauce to be a bit overwhelming.  They were decadent, no doubt.For my entree, I chose the sauteed sole with capers and olives in a pinot grigio sauce.  This was a large portion for under $17.  So large, I could only eat half.  It is one the top seafood dishes I 've had at a restaurant.  Nice and tangy from the wine sauce. We shared the tiramisu for dessert and enjoyed the best cappuccino I have ever had.  I like it heavy on the foam.  I like my lady fingers a bit more soaked, but it was very good.  Over all, I can't wait to come back and try out the rest of the menu.  Excellent service, unstuffy atmosphere, fantastic food.
2	Am I wrong? So, I have an expired Groupon - cost $25 (Groupon was $55).  I was not asking for them to accept the $55 face value - I get that. But they wouldn't accept it for take out. I am solo and just wanted to use my $25 for a take out. I was planning to have a glass of wine while I waited and I always tip well. I purchased the Groupon originally because I really like Rudy's but I was unable to organize a group to go before it expired. Would it have been so hard for them to make an exception to their rule and let me use my $25 (which I've already spent) for a nice dinner at home?  I'm reconsidering Rudy's and am reconsidering Groupons in general.
3	Well, we finally made it over to Rudy's. Right in the neighborhood and in the Piper Glen with many of our regular spots. A few things earned Rudy's a 3 out of 5 for us: Love the bread! Nice and crusty. A little overdone and perfect for their braised white bean mixture. A great surprise. Creamy Roasted Mushroom app was bright, earthy and packed full of different cheeses. Great starter. The food was great. Bucatini was fresh and full of flavor. Robust and rich. Much like Bucatini should be . A hearty portion but not far too much like many Italian places tend to do. My wife chose the Penne a la Vodka. The best I've had to date.The service is just a little too "iffy" for us to give this place a solid review. The servers were attentive and friendly, but just not attentive when it came to detail. We had a Groupon and there was a slight discrepancy with the price. It made it a little bit hazy on how we were going to pay, what we were paying for and where the price(s) were coming from. Our server half-heartedly attempted to explain what our situation with the Groupon was. His best suggestion was for us to buy dessert and make our ticket more "rounded." Although I was clear on what needed to be done, our server could have handled it a little better. Not a deal breaker, but rather confusing for my wife and me. Love that this place is in the neighborhood and maybe we'll try again for some takeout! Thanks for the quality food, Rudy's!
4	Hand's down, Rudy's is the best Italian in town. Lots of places claim to be the best - and if you say Mama Ricotta's is the best, I swear I will cut you, mercilessly, preferrably in front of your dog - but Rudy's is old school, old country, made from scratch by Nana Italian. It's quiet and quaint, and, mercifully, the music's turned down low enough for one to enjoy a conversation with friends and family at the dinner table. I mean, I don't mind a little mandolin and Mario Lanza, but if I have to hear "Santa Lucia" sung by some insipid Italin pop starlet at full volume, well, then, I'm gonna have to use some freeze-dried manicotti from Trader Joe's next door as a weapon of mass destruction. So, yeah, perfect atmosphere, if you ask me.Lots to choose from. The calamari tastes like actual calamari, the squid and octopus as if theyd just been fished out from the Mediterrean. Oh, and try the mussels, just small enough to satisfy you as an appetizer, but, be warned, you'll likely stab your table mate's hands with a fork for that last shell.I absolutely enjoyed the lobster gnocchi. And the fact that the gnocchi was perfectly kneeded was a thrill for me. Enjoy your meal with an endless supply of fresh baked bread, many varieties to choose from. I like to sop my sauce in foccacia. And so should you.Oh, for those of you that bellyache about your Groupons? Seriously, Groupon at your own risk. Dining establishments take a huge hit when they have to honor these things, and, yeah, they'd rather give you a hard time than comp $30 of your meal, because then you know the waiter's going to get stiffed on a hearty tip he thought was coming his way. Think of those that work in the food service industry that have to feed families of four on what they earn in tips, you heartless bastards.
4	The wife and I stopped in on a Thursday night recently.  Thursday night is gnocchi night and she loves the stuff.  We also had a groupon to use that was about to expire, so that in part got us in to Rudy's for the first time.  Literally, I have passed by this place 100's of times on my way to Trader Joe's.  I am still not sure what took us so long to come in for a meal.Anyway, overall it was a great experience.  We had no problem with our groupon, but we did feel the need to order plenty of food to get our full value.  We ordered mussels and baked shrimp as appetizers and the wife got the gnocchi with a tomato sauce, while my main dish was the pan seared rib eye.  The gnocchi can come with up to 5 or 6 different sauces to choose from, but the simple tomato was very tasty.  All dishes were enjoyed, but next time I would probably get a pasta dish instead of the steak. I am pretty picky about my steak after all.  We split the tiramisu for dessert as we were stuffed.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.In the end, we ordered plenty of food to cover the groupon.  We will certainly return more often and order less food, as the portions are sufficient.
4	Saw the lively patio one evening and decided to give this place a try. I haven't tried everything there, but Carciofi al formaggio (artichokes with goat cheese red peppers) is an awesome app and some of my favorite pasta I've had anywhere is the Amatriciana, but I ask for it with Rigatoni pasta, and the Tiramisu is a great ending to the meal. Good wine selection and nice bar area if you don't want a full meal too.
4	Love the new Menu!
5	I can't say enough good things about our experience at Rudy's. The food and service were outstanding. We had a large group and the entire dinner was perfect from start to finish. Thanks to Rudy and his staff for a wonderful experience. We will be back.
5	Finally we have a go-to spot for Italian in Charlotte. We've been eating at this restaurant since it opened and have come in for a great meal every time. Entrees we love: Penne alla Vodka with shrimp is great, as is the Rigatoni alla Burina. They've just added a Carbonara that reminds me of my mom's and if you go in on a weekend the Osso Buco, a pricey special, is worth it! Delicious.
4	We recently picked up a couple of Groupon deals for Rudy's and came back for dinner.  On both visits, we had good service and the food was solid. On one visit, we started with the Baccala' fritto ($8.00) which is cod dipped in tempura and pan fried.  It was quite tasty.  4 stars For my entree on this visit, I ordered one of the specials of the day which was a lobster ravioli with a creamy sauce. It was tasty with a rich & creamy sauce, but the portion size was rather on the small side.  3.5 starsFor the second visit, we decided to try something new, so we went with the  Mozzarella in carrozza ($8.00)...this was made up of slices of bread stuffed w/mozzarella and anchovy, dipped in egg batter then fried and topped w/puttanesca sauce.  I must admit that I was not 100% sure about it when we ordered it, but we enjoyed it.  3.5 stars So, on this visit, I ordered the Pollo allo champagne ($15.00)....this was made up of a chicken breast w/sun dried tomato and artichoke sauteed in a champagne sauce.  The sides for this included string beans and potato croquettes.  This was a tasty dish and I would order it again. 4 stars
1	Tried Rudy's tonight and have to say if you really enjoy Little Italy in New York this is not the place and keep on moving.The portions are small, compared to family style.  They enlist Group on to increase their traffic, instead of appreciating the customers who are willing to sample a wonderful dinner, you are offered minimal portions.  No left over here and you leave hungry!The eggplant  was just one layer thin, it was cold as ice, the string bean where cold to, we where only given 4 small potatoes.  They do not offer a salad with the meal and charge additional 5.00 for that.  They will catch you at the end if you check does not equal the amount stated on the Group on and tell you to come back another time to use it,  Are you kidding me?  We decided to order dessert, if we went to Pub lix we could of have a better dessert.  These are not prepared fresh and it was not appetizing ether's We also had the lo Lobster Ravioli and it was cold too.  The portion was small and she called it Pink Sauce.  You can purchase better ravioli that are fresh and delicious at Whole Foods.  Rudy's Italian Restaurant & Bar is as awful a place as I have ever come across. Rudy's has really terrible food, really terrible service, very high prices, and to top it all off, they committed credit card fraud. Allow me to give some details about this dreadful restaurant.This is crime in Charlotte, buyer beware!
3	The food is generally good to very good, but there are 'atmosphere' issues that include-- too much smoking right by the front door and too many folks that appear to be very drunk and are very loud and obnoxious at the bar. One man in particular seems to be there every time we have tried the place and he is truly disgusting.I
3	I wanted to give them another star but couldn't because they are missing an Italian staple - no garlic rolls or garlic knots or garlic bread.  The service was average to bad.  The food was pretty good we had a mushroom appetizer that was really good.  We got a linguini for dinner that was pretty good ended with a desert (chocolate lava cake) that was good.  I just can't justify more stars when they are missing the garlic rolls.
4	My husband and I had a Groupon  for Rudy's that I purchased after reading their menu, seeing a great looking steak, and deciding we could eat there even though I eat Gluten free, and he eats Low Carb.  After reading the reviews and seeing steak was no longer on the menu online, I had little hopes of having a great meal.  I was so wrong! They prepared the sole dish for me without any breading or flour, etc and it was delicious!  It came with roasted potatoes and broccoli.  I ate the broccoli and left the potatoes, but they looked very good. My husband had the sausage with sweet peppers and onions... also delicious!  We had read reviews of "no bread" (My husband had the bread since I am gluten free... he had three different types of lightly toasted, piping hot bread, with REAL butter, which is always a plus for us!!)  We do not do "whipped spreads" or margarine!!  I've been known to carry my own KerryGold butter into restaurants. :)  All our food was great, hot, and our waitress very attentive.  I had coffee which was great (I'm very finicky about coffee and it passed the test... many restaurants do not!)  Also, there was a note on the menu stating that steaks WERE available upon request.The appetizer with beans, olive oil, basil, etc. was really good... served with the bread, no extra charge.  Parking, which I had read was a problem, actually was very easy.. parked right in front on a Monday evening.Right next door  to Trader Joes, so easy shopping after dinner. :)  Will definitely go again!Deducted one star, due to lack of choices for gluten free, low carb eaters but the food offered was great!
3	Just ok Because i am half Italian and know Italian food since long ago. May i give second  try
3	We ate here a week or so ago and I have to say it was okay. It's nothing either one of us was blown away by but the food was good. We ordered the gnocchi with marinara and the ravioli al formmagio.  Both were good but the stand out was the marinara sauce. I'm rather picky about it and it's probably some of the best I've had in awhile. We also ordered the caprese as an appetizer and again it was good but nothing wonderful. Service was very good as well. For a restaurant in a strip mall setting it was good however the prices are really high considering.
4	Went for a spur of the moment, 9:00 Friday night dinner with my husband.  Made a reservation but didn't really need to.  I got the  Insalata di spinaci 7.00 - Tender leaf spinach tossed with roasted peppers,gorgonzola,kalamata olives with crispy pancetta and vinaigrette dressing. -- I don't recall any pancetta on the salad and it was pretty heavy on the oil/dressing.  But it was pretty good.Then for dinner my husband got the Tortellini di carne 16.00 Meat tortellini w/peas and prosciutto tossed in Alfredo sauce - The prosciutto was a bit weird - big pieces, would've preferred smaller pieces/cut up more.  But he thought the Alfredo was delicious and he is pretty picky.I got the Red Snapper special with veggies.  This too had a little more oil than I like, but other than that it was really good.  This dish was $26, a little pricier than I would have liked for this place, I should have asked.  Oh well, it was good.Service was good.  It was late and they were getting prepared for closing and I understood.We had a special coupon which made it really worth it, not sure if I 'd be back just because there are so many other places to try.  But this place is worth a try.
4	The ambience is very nice and food was excellent. Unfortunately the service is not good. It's not that the waiter was unskilled or not working hard but he was servicing 6 tables so drinks were slow to be refilled (and I had to remind him to bring mine to start), bill was slow to come, etc. Not terrible and I would return but better server scheduling vs. reservations would help. Food prices were reasonable in the $15-$18 range for entrees but a glass of wine was $9 which is pretty high.
1	I found this resatuarant to be expensive according to their portions. I had the Lasagna it was awful it tasted more like ravioli, my husband had the spaghetti and meaballs they were not good, no taste. I will never go back there again.  we left there hungry, they are very cheap with their portions.
3	We went to Rudy's because we got a groupon. Initial impression...it's Italian food in a strip mall. I'm typically good with that because you find some of the best places in unexpected locations. Unfortunately this was not the case for Rudy's. Host started literally yelling for a waiter while seating us because the table for two only had one setting. We order.  Food is priced on the high side for what you're getting. Our groupon was $20 for $40 worth of food. This wouldn't even get us two entrees and two salads. I got penne alla vodka with chicken. It was fine. Not bad, not great. Similar to what you would make with a jar of sauce at home. My boyfriend got ravioli formaggio. He was served five or six large ravioli. It was fine as well. Portion way too small for the price. The entrees got us to $32.50. Waiter was nice enough to point out that we may as well get dessert to use the rest of the groupon. We got Nutella gelato ... Fantastic. Definitely bright spot in the meal. So overall it's just ok here. Definitely wouldn't go without a groupon...just too pricey for what you're getting.
3	Food was good, could tell everything was homemade. Portion size was fine, but for the price it should include at least a small house salad. Service was good. if you are looking for a quiet, intimate diner this is not the place - it is small and the bar is big and noisy. If you are just looking for good Italian food in a neighborhood place, Rudy's will do!
4	I miss Rudy's.  It's not the most well-known Italian Restaurant, and it's certainly not going to provide you with the most "frills" on your dining experience, but when you do go, you generally are presented with some very solid food that is certainly in-line from a pricing perspective. If you go, you have to try the Meat Balls.  Seriously - they are ridiculously good.  My wife and I are aficionados, and Rudy's makes the best restaurant made meat balls we have ever had before.  Their Amatriciana is also quite tasty; their menu has it described as spicy, but I always request additional spiciness with my waiter because I really don't feel the normal order has enough heat to move the needle.  Finally, the appetizer pizzas are a nice treat if you are ever looking to start the meal with something a little different or are just going into Rudy's for a happy hour.
4	Rudy's is a wonderful place for Italian food and in one of the most delightful locations. The table bread is really top notch and you'll struggle to not ask for more. Nearly every time I visit, I order the spinach manicotti -- it is the best I've ever had, with fresh spinach inside and a beautiful red sauce on top.While the service is admittedly spotty, it is not without good intentions.
5	I've wanted to try Rudy's for a while, and we finally got around to it!  This place is awesome.  We went on a Friday around 6:30 and they were pretty busy which is always a good sign!They brought out fresh-baked bread with a bean salad to put on the bread.  It was delicious.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  They have a decent wine list, so we ordered a bottle of wine - prices are reasonable as well.  My husband got the Caesar salad to start and I just picked at his since I didn't want to eat a whole salad in addition to my meal.  It was pretty good.I ordered the fettuccine Bolognese and it was so delicious - I am still dreaming about it!  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was so flavorful and delightful.  He got the lasagna and it was good, but on the smaller side of a normal portion fyi, so he was glad he had the salad to start.  We both cleared our plates - I can't remember the last time I finished an entire meal!  We decided to go ahead and order dessert which isn't something we normally do, but everything was so delicious and we were enjoying the night so much, we decided to just go ahead and ruin our diets for the night.  I got the canolis and they were perfect - reminded me of the canolis I grew up eating in NY.  Husband got the NY-style cheesecake and loved that as well.  For the price and quality of food, you can't beat it!  Can't wait to go back.
3	So-so. I give it 3 stars because it was just so-so. I had the eggplant parm and it was average. Sauce was good but eggplant was not very well cooked and seemed a little greasy. I ordered the entree portion of the Alfredo and it was smaller than a childs portion. I would say it was more of a side dish and not an entree. Salad was fresh and the mushroom appetizer was good. Not sure why, but we did not get bread. Most Italian restaurants of this caliber do offer bread!!!
5	We've been to Rudy's five or six times over the last few years.  They are very consistent, service is top notch and its got a great casual yet special dining vibe.  Tonight we went for New Years Eve and had another terrific dinner. We arrived for our reservation at 6:30 and were immediately seated.  We had a salmon appetizer, split a salad, ordered Corvina and Osso Buco and we both had dessert (chocolate mousse and Italian cheesecake).  Everything was terrific and if you like good bread and great coffee, this is the place!  Also, the pacing of the meal was perfect.
