2	The hype didn't live up to my expectations... but I figured this place out.  If you want the quality of a fast food burger and fries but want a nice place to eat at... you go to the Habit.  The build-out of the restaurant is great, looks like a Chipotle, but the burger looks and taste like Burger King.  I got the Charburger, onion rings and a drink for $7.17 w/ tax which seems a bit much for an average burger.  However, the customer services was great, the manager even came over to say hello.  I'm not coming back unless someone wants to buy me lunch.
4	Very good. I had the tri-tip sandwich on whole wheat while my husband got the double Charburger. We both really enjoyed our meals. For both sandwiches, 1 order of fries, 1 drink and 1 milk shake it came to $17. It was pretty busy but everyone was working hard and kept a smile on their face. Nice Decor and it will be nice to enjoy the patio once it gets a bit cooler. My husband and I are big fans of Culver's so it will be tough to change our favorite fast food burger eatery but Habit came in at a close 2nd! Only complaint....it smelt really bad outside. I am guessing it was the dumpster but it was overwhelmingly smelly. Luckily, the smell of burgers and fries quickly filled the air!
4	We visited The Habit Burger Grill on a Friday night.  After reading Yelps that were ranging from 1 to 5 stars, I had no idea what to expect.  Parking was very limited and I was lucky to get a spot.  I'm not sure if it's because it's new, or it was Friday at 7pm.  So, in we go and it's pretty darn packed.  I was prepared to wait a lifetime.  However, I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu is small, so we decided pretty quickly.I had a mushroom swiss burger with bacon and my boyfriend had a charburger with cheese.  We also ordered regular fries & sweet potato fries.  We were handed a beeper, and went off to find a place to sit.  We found booth and prepared to wait.  Happily, that was only about 5 minutes.Our beeper went off and we grabbed the food.  On a tray with the fries in a paper 'boat', our burger was wrapped up with one end sticking out for immediate consumption.  I would have liked a 'double wrap' so that one paper could serve as the 'plate' to hold the burger.  The burger patties were more substantial that Smash Burger or Five guys, the bun was toasted, and the ingredients were fresh & tasty.  The regular fries were better than the sweet potato fries.  The food was hot, fresh, and really tasty.  I will absolutely go back & try more.
5	My partner and I went to to the Habit on a Sunday for lunch.  The parking lot was full and there was a bit of a line to order.  We ordered two veggie burgers with mushrooms since we are vegetarians.  We were given a beeper and waited just about 4 minutes until the beeper went off.  The veggie burgers are delicious.  There are real vegetables in the patty and they have great flavor.  It is served on a whole wheat toasted bun and has lettuce, tomato, onion, dijon mustard and sliced cucumber on it.  There are self serve cups for ketchup and various pickles and hot peppers.  We loved every bite!  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I am thrilled that this is in our neighborhood as I plan to return again and again.  There are a lot of hamburger places all around but not that many offer a veggie burger.  The Habit does it right!
5	Darn good chargrilled burger for the money.  Very flavorful, and the garnish was fresh tasting as well.  Plus they finally put a business at this location that may finally not go out of business.  They completely remodeled this location on the inside so it is all new and nice inside.  Clean bathrooms, great (self) service, and good food gets 5 stars from me.
2	My parants and I just went. It was packed and loud and there was a line out the door. The line moved fast and we spent most of the time looking for a free seat. We were lucky enough to get one and then we got our food. We all got charburgers and we asked three times for my mom's burger not to have onions and when it showed up we had to go back and ask for one without onions. The bun was nicely grilled and the onions were ok, but the tomatoes were under ripe, the pickles were cafeteria tasting, and I swear they got their burger meat from McDonalds. The fries were pretty good, though.They renovated the place just before they moved in (the last place there had a bug infestation) and I think they didn't really think much about people attempting to move around inside. The spaces between tables are fine for one person but trying to get around the ever-present staff and all of the people getting to and from is almost impossible.
3	The Pros: Inexpensive menu, fresh food, great malts, clean restaurant, friendly smiling employees, pepper bar. Cons: Stale and not creative dining area, awkward layout in the dining room, seen before menu options, pre-made salad dressings.Good for a quick burger. In my opinion there are other burger options in town that I prefer.
4	Came here for lunch with some work colleagues, where the parking spaces were scarce due to a small lot. I had the double charburger with cheese, onion rings and a drink for just under 9 bucks. The onion rings were good size, sweet and extra crispy; you can go wrong for under two bucks. The burger was good and definitely better when loaded. The place was packed so we had to wait about 15 minutes to get our food. Its worth coming back, just not during the lunch rush.
3	The place is "industrial" - I found the set up a little odd - line up to order, get a buzzer thing, sit, wait for the buzzer thing - get your drinks and open condiment station.  I am not a fan of open condiment stations.  The team members were cheerful.  Lots of smiling going on.  This could be because they just opened.  They are getting a lot of traffic from up the hill judging by the peeps I saw today.  Paradise Valley - Tons of Brophy kids - Veritas.  I ordered a single burger, sweet potato fries and a soda.  The burger was really good.  It was grilled very nicely and was fresh and juicy but not runny.  I loved the caramelized onions - shredded lettuce - mayo - fresh dill pickle chip - I think that was it - very good.  The bun was even good.  The sweet potato fries - not so much.  They were okay.  Delux and Maizie's still are the best for sweet potato fries.  The have Coke products.  I am a Pepsi girl, but I can sacrifice when necessary.  The prices were very good.  Not at all expensive - in fact, I think they are cheaper than In n Out.  The two of us ate a la carte (we didn't get the uh bundles? or whatever they are called) - for around 18 bucks.  We were both generally pleased.  We will be back - maybe take out next time?I was using a walker and tangled with the carpets a couple of times, but then, that is what happens when you have open condiment stations and self-serve soda.  Urghhh.  If you are on crutches or a walker, use the front entrance and have someone do your drinks and condiments.
5	Great Saturday afternoon lunch place out on the patio...CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN , great customer service right from the hello !
1	Zero stars for this place!  Went in a few times and thought the food was fairly good.  Then I witnessed an employee eating in the back with bare hands who then came out and prepared food without washing.   Went in again today and was happy to see a girl wearing gloves preparing food.  Then watched a guy dip his bare hand into something that appeared to be oil or water and flicked it onto a burger.   Needless to say I turned and walked out and hopefully the Health Dept. will address these issues now.
3	Concept resides squarely between In-n-Out and Five Guys.  Good fast-food burger, but not much more.  Can't compete with Delux, Zinburger & The Grind, but it's cheaper & faster.  Upsides vs. In-n-Out are topping variety (mmm, bacon & BBQ sauce), superior side options (sweet potato fries and onion rings) and char-broiling vs. flat-top grill.  A bit pricier, though.  Nice for a change of pace, perhaps.
4	The intersection of 7th Street and Glendale has gathered quite a few decent places to eat over the last five years or so. Pei Wei, Sauce and Qdoba on the North side of the street have now been joined by The Habit on the South side at a site that once held a sub sandwich shop and later, a local coffee house.I ordered the double char burger and while it was not up the quality of burger found at Delux or RnR, it was better than most chains and just as good as anything found at Five Guys or Fuddruckers. So, if you're looking for a quick place to get a burger and you want something better than McDonalds or Burger King, you could certainly do worse than taking up this Habit!
3	I had the "double charburger" with cheese, mayo and lettuce only, a side of sweet potato fries and a coffee ice cream shake. Total was $10 and some change.The burger was really good and juicy and reminded me a lot of Fatburger in both presentation and taste. The shake was also pretty good - says right on the side that they use real ice cream. It wasn't very strong in coffee flavour, though, and had no real coffee in it (that would be something to entice me to order it again). The fries were good but far from the best sweet potato fries I've had. There was hardly any seasoning. They should try battering or glazing them to make them stand out. They were much tastier than their regular fries, though - those were limp, tasteless and boring.  It was a decent meal and fun to try but I'm not sure if it was worth the $10+ dollars I spent.
4	It's a decent burger, not many healthy options when you actually go to their website and look at the nutritional info, but hey, if you're up for a good burger, it's worth it. Not as cheap as Mc Donalds, but much better quality so I'd say it was worth the price. Not my favorite burger joint in town, but I'd go back if I were in the neighborhood.
4	I have been wanting to try The Habit for a while now and was pleasantly surprised!  I had the Charburger with American cheese, onion rings, and a chocolate shake.  I was a little surprised that I had to pay extra for cheese - especially when there were only 2 choices (American or Swiss).  I may have added on avocado, too, if it wasn't $1.00 (mainly because I can buy an entire avocado for that price across the street at Safeway...).  The burger was really good but the onion rings were EXCELLENT - and believe me - I know my onion rings! :)  They were thickly coated and perfectly cooked.  There were no puddles of grease left behind, either.  You know what was odd, though?  When I asked for ranch for my rings, they gave it to me - for free!  They'll give me a huge cup of ranch for free, but charge a whole dollar for avocado? Not sure how that makes sense, BUT - it was tasty, so whatever.  The chocolate shake was only okay - it tasted very strongly of Hershey's chocolate syrup...there's gotta be a better way to make a shake, no?Overall I was pleased with my visit and will definitely go back when I need a burger and rings fix.
4	Most friendly restaurant I have been to in a LONG time. Got the double burger and fries. Very juicy and the perfect size. Only downside was I prefer to have my patties cooked more well done. Much to pink. Fries were great, my dad loved the onion rings. Very well priced. I appreciate that for my vegetarian brother, they cook all their veggie patties on a separate flat grill with the buns. I feel like a lot of places don't pay attention to things like that. Lots of choices for non-burgers, Ahi Tuna steak and chicken sandwiches even salads. Great little neighborhood burger joint. Can't wait to come back and try something else
5	Wow...This was a damn good burger!Staff was very nice,place was spotless.I will be back!
4	For 2 burgers, and order of frys, an order of onion rings and a large drink the bill was only $15. Pretty decent. Its a step above fast food burgers but by no means a gourmet burger. I ordered the burger with pineapple and terriyaki sauce. The pineapple had little flavor, and same with the sauce. Though it wasn't horrible.The place is very very clean and the staff was extremely nice. The hubs and I will venture back in here again for sure.
3	I I like this place.  You have a lot of choices when choosing a place to get a burger in Phoenix.  I like that I can get sweet potato fries here.  I also really enjoyed the Teriyaki Burger.  The only thing that struck me as strange was how nervous both the kids were at the counter.  I don't know if they were new, or just over-trained.  Poor kid asked me how I was at least 3 times.  Chill, dude, chill.  Also the girl at the counter had the highest-pitched voice I've ever heard.  Jeeze.  Everyone realx.  It's just a burger.
3	This place isn't half bad.  What they lack in some areas they make up for in others, and overall, not a half bad place.  The Habit is more of a fast casual dining experience, where you order at the counter and they have you pick up your food when it's ready.  The place is well decorated, colorful and had a decent menu selection to choose from.  Prices are fair, but I did have a few issues with how they rang up my order.For starters, you can get a basic burger combo for $5.95.  This includes fries and a drink.  Awesome!  Plus, you can refill your drink a lot, which is a bonus since I go through a bit of pop when I eat out.  The down side?  If you want anything else but the regular fries, its going to cost you, and that upset me.  I didn't want the regular fries and I wanted sweet potato fries instead as a treat.  The down side?  They charged me a la carte for my order instead of the value meal price, so my order was twice as much as I was hoping it would be.  I think the sweet potato fries ended up being $2.95, or something ridiculous like that.  I mean, I understand an extra 50 cents, but really?  a la carte? UGH.  I mean, the foods good, but not THAT good.Service here was nice and friendly.  The manager walked around to make sure we were happy with our order, and the food was filling and tasty.  I like it as an alternative to fast food, and it was a great quick meal.  Next time I'm here, I think I will stick with the regular fries since I didn't like the extra charge.  Not a half bad place.  It's worth giving a shot.
4	I just don't know if there is a 5 star burger joint anywhere in the valley. If so, please hit me up! The atmosphere is industrial/beach style, very clean as other reviewers stated, and the burgers are a good value. The ingredients are fresh and tasty. I am not sure what they are trying to do with the salsa bar? It really does not fit a burger joint. Looks more like it should be in a Rubio's. Marketing folks at the habit, take notice. What were you thinking here?It would be nice if there was a location further up north. I would not go out of my way to come her, but if in the area would definitely stop in again.
5	Service is great.  Burgers are very yummy.  More flavor than most.
4	Good food, healthier options if you prefer, and service is friendly!
5	I always think of the word habit as a nice way to describe a drug problem. For example, Whitney Houston's coke habit (too soon?) or Heidi Montag's plastic surgery habit. I would say that I might have a Habit problem since I eat here about 4 times a week. Think of Habit as the love child from an orgy between In-n-Out, Five Guys, and Smashburger, but cheaper and more delicious. It is from California like INO, it has many topping choices like Five Guys, and it has other non burger options like Smashburger (although, no alcohol unfortunately).I've had almost everything on the menu, and I highly recommend the Swiss Mushroom Char and the Albacore Tuna Sandwich. The Sweet Potato Fries are very good. I would actually say that they are better than anything I've had at more expensive burger joints (*cough* that means step up your game, delux and FEZ *cough*).The malts and milkshakes are pretty good also. I haven't tried requesting anything crazy like a Neapolitan shake, but I don't doubt that they would make that for me. All in all, this is a great regular spot because it is cheap and consistently delicious. And consistency is a very rare quality to find in these kind of fast food-like restaurants.
4	I am from Santa Barbara and had eaten several times at the original one.  Having been disappointed by some of the other hamburger chains that have come in here in the last few years with much fanfare from people that came from the same towns I was worried that a hamburger from my own home town might be a let down from either a taste or value stand point.  I need not have worried.  I took a friend with me and we each had a mushroom swiss  burger and I had onion rings and she had sweet potato fries.  We both liked the food.  2 burgers, 2 drinks, fries and onion rings were under $19 incl tax.  And being a lovely day we found a spot on the patio and camped out for over an hour.  The staff was friendly and close to being too attentive.  Parking sucks.  Even after the original opening hype they are still packed for a Sunday lunch so they must be doing something right.  I know I will return.
4	A good burger and a good price. The meat was cooked well and the options for condiments was much better than the typical burger joint. The place is pretty new, and is still immaculate and looks like it is organized pretty well.
5	So I know 5 stars may seem a little crazy, but the burger was absolutely delicious!!!My friend and I hit up The Habit tonight a little after 5pm. There was plenty of parking (found a shady spot which was awesome since it was pretty hot), open booths (that were clean), and I didn't have to wait in line (which I absolutely do NOT have patience for...especially when I'm hungry). I looked over the menu for a minute and decided on the Double Char combo...when in Rome right? SO happy I went with the Double because the burger was absolutely delicious!!!THE FOOD:The burger was hot, juicy, cheesy, cooked to perfection (well done which I emphasized), had a great charbroiled taste, and was topped with fresh veggies and encased in a perfectly toasted sesame seed bun!! I went with plain ole' french fries. They were crispy, not overly salted, but just ok. Nothing to write home about. My friend got the sweet potato fries, so I was able to steal a few and try them out. They were pretty darn tasty, but I'm not a huge fan of sweet potato fries, nor a connoisseur, so not sure how good they really are compared to others. We didn't get a shake or ice cream, but after just the burger and half of my fries, I was stuffed! I think next time I'll go with just the burger and get a shake!! Or share an order of fries. They weren't huge like 5 Guys, but they were still a pretty big order, and pretty big french fries. THE INSIDE:The restaurant was clean, had plenty of seating, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and I didn't have to wait long to park, order, or pick up my food. I like that they didn't have music blaring on the inside like another burger joint I know *cough*5Guys*cough*. My friend and I were actually able to sit and chit chat without screaming across the table to each other. The inside was pretty modern, clean, industrial looking which was nice. The Habit has a great feel to it overall. If there's one complaint I have, it's that the outside seating area faces Glendale, which is fairly busy any time of day, so it gets really noisy. THE PRICE:The price point is fairly reasonable. My total came to around $8 and change for the #2 Double Char Combo with french fries and a drink. Not too shabby. But the a la carte burger prices were pretty decent too. THE VERDICT:Habit cherry popped? Check! And all in all, it was a great first visit!! I'm definitely a new fan, and have already raved (and dreamed, and salivated) about my dericious burger, and keep thinking about the next time I'll have one. Seriously can't wait to go back for more!!!
4	Good burgers. Excellent Malta. Fast friendly service
1	I originally posted a negative review on this restaurant back in November, and the manager immediately contacted me and said steps were being taken to improve the sanitation issues I had mentioned.  Changes were noticed and I have been a regular customer since, although a visit on Saturday (Apr. 28th) will change that again.  As I was eating I witnessed an employee wiping tables with a rag.  Someone behind the counter yelled at him to clean up a mess on the floor so he bent down and wiped up the floor with the same rag.  Then he proceeded to wipe off all the used trays with that same rag and put them back into circulation to be used by the next customers.  I got up to leave and said something to the girl behind the counter about it and she just ignored me.   So I will be ignoring this restaurant from now on.
2	I had high hopes for the Habit since I live only a couple miles away, but it was mostly disappointing for me.  I'm vegetarian, so I have no idea how their meat burgers taste, and they may be the best in the world for all I know, but the veggie burger was a tasteless lump for the most part.  I do give them kudos for having a veggie burger, but either put more effort into it, or take it off the menu and go full-on meat!The service was nice, and I like the design of the place, but there are too many good veggie burgers to be had in the Valley to waste my time eating this one.  Parking lot is super-cramped, so if you need your meatburger fix, then don't come right at 12 or 6, unless you want to park in someone's yard.
4	The Habit Burger is fast becoming a regular weekly stop for me.  I truly enjoy the combo burger with Swiss cheese and mushrooms.    It is a great tasting burger through and through.  The fries are also spectacular.  I brought my six year old here last week and we tried the Caesar salad which was surprisingly good.  I am truly amazed that they can have a typical hamburger, fries and fast food menu alongside chicken, tri-steak, salads and other options.  The selection is first rate and the prices are reasonable.The wait staff are friendly and courteous and truly want to assure their customers are satisfied.The reason I did not provide a five star rating is due to the size of the restaurant.  The inside is small and it can be a maze to make it to the fixin bar to get a refill.  The restaurant is normally at least three quarters filled and should be probably be expanded in some way.  The parking can be a challenge.  Give it a try, you will not be disappointed.
3	This is a good, easy going burger place, very friendly, good food..... a good alternative to just go and relax, and eat yummy burgers with out the high price.
1	I just don't know how you can screw up a burger.  But these guys are so disorganized, they do.  I can promise you, I won't go back.  Ever.Last night, for example, I was using a coupon, a make-good for an earlier visit that went off the rails, as a matter of fact.  The coupon was good for a cheeseburger.  "How much would you charge to make it a double?", I asked.  If I had waited for an answer, I'D STILL BE THERE!  When they asked if I wanted cheese (they PERPETUALLY ask you if you want cheese.  And if you decline, when they read back your order, they actually say, "Double Char --- NO CHEESE!!" -- etc.")When your burger is ready, the beeper you've been given goes off.  Except when it doesn't.  And your burger just sits there, on the island, getting cold.Here or to go?  They ask you and almost always screw it up.  And it's on the ticket.  So why the problems?The manager is not interested.  He's in his office most of the time, away from cooking burgers and customers.  Wait. Isn't the precisely the reason he's supposed to be there?  I don't care if he owns the joint.  If he doesn't like burgers or customers, and clearly he does not, he should find a job driving.If you go to McDonald's and order your burger, any burger, grilled to order (just ask for something, anything differeent: extra pickes, ketchup, anything) it's better than The Hobit.  errrrrrrr Habit.Not a habit for me!
4	I'd been kinda buggin out about trying The Habit for some time. I've had mixed reviews from friends and I am picky about my meat, yo.Well, last week my tiny had parent/teacher conference so we were leaving school late and hungry. We pull up and are both kinda looking at each other like do we really want a fast food burger? The Habit kind of meets you halfway as far as fast food is conserned. It's definitely a fast food burger but with a little gourmet flair. I like the way the place is set up. Kind of like a Culver's or something with those buzzy pager things that notify you when your oder is ready. The burger was actually good as was the bacon I ordered on top. My son ate all his food. Chicken I thinks. Also they gave him strawberry milk and a free refil before we left. Over all a nice experience. I am not dying to eat here again but I am also not opposed.
5	What a great addition to the neighborhood! I absolutely love this place! Fast, friendly and clean service!!
4	good average burgers. cool little spot
3	This place is good, but not great.  I liked the outside patio and the burger was tasty, but they messed up our order and we had to wait a while before they got it right.  The burger was tasty and seasoned well but the fries and onion rings were mediocre.  I am glad we stopped in to try it, but I won't go out of my way to go back.
4	Similar to Smashburger. This place has a little better burger and the tri-tip sandwich was pretty good.
4	First time here last Friday. They cook to order so the wait might be a bit longer than you're used to at a burger joint. The line was to the door and they even give you a pager to alert you when your order is ready. The place is clean and modern but somewhat small and seating was at a premium at lunch time when I went. Parking is also at a premium as in the norm in central corridor. The food was good and the service friendly and would definitely consider it again when in the area.
4	So, I was a little hesitant to try this place.  One, because of the name and two because I just thought it was meat burgers.  That all changed when one of my coworkers told me they had a ridiculous veggie burger.  The veggie burger comes with honey mustard, cucumbers, sprouts, lettuce, onion and tomato.  I added pickles to mine, cause I love them.  They have a lovely little condiment bar, packed full with items like: jalapenos, pepperoncinis, ketchup, malt  vinegar, A1 sauce and more!  I may or may have used any and all of those items:) The little woman indulged in one of their chocolate milkshakes, which was ok, but I prefer shakes made with chocolate ice cream and not syrup.  The food is pretty cheap and the register gals are very bubbly.  The only downside is that the closer you get to the bathroom, the more it smells like stinkin' sewage. Bleh. Oh, right! They also have beef burgers (duh) and grilled chicken sandwiches and things of that nature for you meat lovin' folks.
4	This is just more than just a run of the mill fast food burger place! While the Habit has other tasty offerings, you won't be disappointed in going with the burger mainstay. If you are looking for something other than the bland, uninspiring, and "never like the photo" burgers at the big chains, duck in here...
4	When I'm at work and I want a burger for lunch, the Habit is in my heavy rotation because it's 5 minutes away and it's really good. Less than $7 for lunch that's freshly made and delicious in this part of N. Central PHX is a win and you won't need to tip anyone or wait long to eat.Is there a friendlier staff? Hard to find one. The dining room, the soda and drinks and the condiment area are always clean. Sometimes the tables could use more frequent cleanup and I've been here twice where someone has dropped a heinous deuce in the bathroom that the ventilation couldn't handle. It emanated into the dining room so I moved outside. I think the burgers are some of the tastiest around and the fries are pretty damn good, too. I need to venture off of just burgers because the menu definitely offers more, but I love the char-burger so I can't quit it just yet.Yeah, if management reads this...do something about the crapper, definitely. Bigger & badder exhaust fan or something.
3	It's hard to rate this place because I love it! Since I can't have wheat, their lettuce burger is perfect.THE PROBLEM: My husband has ordered three different times and every single time his order is incorrect. I don't even want to attempt to go back. He has even specifically told them to pay attention because he wants this place to work for us AND THEY SCREW UP THE ORDER AGAIN.
4	First time diners here. My wife ordered the grilled Ahi Tuna sandwich and really enjoyed it. I ordered the Char 1 with sweet potato fries. The burger was good, but not great. I can't really pinpoint any difference from other burger places like In & Out, Culver's, etc. It was certainly good, but I just didn't notice anything that made it special. The sweet potato fries were also good, but again, nothing that you can't get at other burger joints. The restaurant was very clean and the staff were courteous and friendly. Wait time for food was average.
4	It's hard to rate this place because I love it! Since I can't have wheat, their lettuce burger is perfect.THE PROBLEM: My husband has ordered three different times and every single time his order is incorrect. I don't even want to attempt to go back. He has even specifically told them to pay attention because he wants this place to work for us AND THEY SCREW UP THE ORDER AGAIN.Updated: we have been in twice since I wrote the original review and the order was perfect each time. Yea!!!!
5	Yes, it's true that messing up a burger is hard to do... but it's definitely possible, and Mcdonald's is a living example, BUT, Habit Burger hits the nail right on the head. The burgers are pure awesome... I'm sad that I don't live closer... but, anyways, the feel of a Habit burger is hard to describe, so you'll have to go try it. But believe me, you WON'T be dissapointed.
5	Best in Phoenix, no doubt! Family friendly to the maximum and the food is incredible. A little pricey, but we are talking great service with friendly staff. Relaxing environment with amazing selection. Did not see a gluten free bun for that special request, but all in, excellent!
2	I was expecting more here, nothing really to write home about much better burgers elsewhere e.g. Zinburger.
4	1st time trying The Habit Burger Grill out. I received a mailer in the mail promoting a free sandwich. This week highlighted the grilled chicken whic is perfect because I don't eat red meat.The Resturant is a cute modern style establishment. Hip music playing when you walk into the small dining area that includes outside patio service. The establishment is very clean and organized.I came during lunch hour so it was busy. Limited parking and a long line that went fast. I decided to take my order to go. I have say I was not greeted when I walked in which could because the Resturant was slammed. There is a trendy virtual menu to look at while waiting in line. The cashier noticed my coupon and said "there are many steps to this sandwich order." Then she asked me questions on what I did and did not want. It was confusing because I did not see these options on the virtual menu like Smashburger. I also felt rushed. See at Smashburger they always ask you if this is your first time dining at the Resturant. Then they welcome you or they thank you for returning. I added onion rings to my order and that was it. The wait time was not long. They give buzzers to their guest so you know when your food is prepared. I feel it takes that personal touch away. At Smashburger your assigned a number then your food is delivered to you. This is for dine in. Takeout they walk the food over to you. I checked my order to make sure my food was accurate. My sandwich was prepared wrong. I asked for no cheese and they put it on there by accident. My sandwhich was quickly remade as the grilled chicken is already prepared. They just pull it out of a silver heated container and reheat the meat. There was never an apology. I was just ignored and told to wait.I got home to indulge and noticed I was not given any napkins or condiments. My food was nicely wrapped which helped it stay warm. My chicken sandwhich had a nice presentation garnished with lettuce and an orange slice. My sandwich bread was soaked in butter. I like the type of bread but way to much butter. The chicken and veggies were good. My onion rings were good as well. They were not salty or to greasy. I have to say it was not bad but I am all about customer service and a great experience. I may try them again but I am not in a hurry. Smashburger has sold me since the very first time I walked through there doors. I have been to three in the valley and have had the same great experience at each location. Which is why I now eat there at least 2-4 times a week.
4	Burgers are one of the hot new food trends, and burger places are popping up all over the place.  Between Five Guys, Smashburger and The Habit, my vote and my money would definitely go to The Habit.  First of all, their prices are so much more reasonable than any of the either places, you can get a burger and fries or onion rings for around $7, while just a burger can be that much or more at Five Guys.The interior is bright and clean, and the service was fast.  My cheeseburger was juicy and the toppings were fresh, and I am a big fan of their onion rings!  I also like the fact that they have other things on the menu, the shrimp burger looks intriguing!For a quick lunch that is easy on the wallet, The Habit is a good choice.
3	Hamburgers are... just ok. I love Hamburgers, but these are paper thin. For the price point- I would rather go to Five Guys.For my real burger fix: I prefer Zin burger.
4	Ppl waiting in line for free burgers on National Hamburger Day!
5	I'm from So. California  visiting the area, and this place has great service for reasonable prices. The cashiers are really polite, sweet, and professional. The burgers were a little small, but tasted really good. The fries were excellent,  way better than fries and in and out burger. I appreciated the large selection of iced tea since I dont drink soda. The jalapeno bar was appreciated as well, since most franchises do not have jalapenos available. The owner came to check up on us and ask how us the food was. This place is very clean, and I would eat here again if I were in the area!
3	Sweet potato fries are great, the shake was a little thick. I like that you can get whole wheat buns which is always a plus. I have been not super impressed with the take out so just eat in and it will be great!
2	salads are iffy. quality of lettuce varies. Burgers are decent but it is almost impossibleto get them to get the order correct. Do you want cheese? no...so the burger has cheese on it. Do you want raw onions? YES, extra please. Nope...no onions. It is annoying. Always the wrong salad dressing as well. kind of noisy.
5	That burger joint is good. I get the double char and its the best I will definitely return soon
4	Better than you average fast food hamburger chain but prices are a little high for the milk shakes
4	Burgers are comparable to Five Guys, but here you get more choices of flavors - like teriyaki or hawaiian. I love pineapples in burgers, and this place had it. :) They also have a decent malt shake here. Place is clleeaaaaan.
3	This place was ok. The burger itself wasn't the best burger I'd had, but not the worst, either. What made it better were the toppings; very fresh, delicious, and full of flavor. The fries and onion rings are also very tasty, and I love the iced tea options.  I'd go back.
5	I took my sisters, their kids and mine and order their burgers.  Their burgers were awesome!  My whole family loved it!
5	Wow... A good burger joint from California not named "In-N-Out".  Impressive.  The Habit Burger Grill is relatively new in Arizona but I am glad they came out here from Cali.  Definitely worth a try if you're into discovering new burger places to eat and think McDonalds and Burger King is subpar and disgusting.
5	Now this is what I call a burger! big juicy and meaty, doesnt have that awful after taste of the meat lik other placesGood solid menu,burgers are bomb, onion rings are juicy and not greasy,malts are delicious.  Free ranch!! It gets super busythis place is not good for kids this place gets busy and not alot of seating areas
5	Third location we have been to and no complaints yet from us! Every location we went to was on point and delicious! Just happened to drive by and saw this location and cut off three cars to get here! Lol, we both got char burgers mine with grilled onions mmmmm and my hubby got his plain! (Weirdo, lol jk). The bun, meat and toppings come together in a lovely medley of deliciousness and a great balance of flavors! Cheers! :-)
5	The employees are extremely friendly and helpful. I ordered the tri-tip sandwich which was perfect. Everyone else in my party are picky about their food. I.E. No pickles or tomatoes etc. Everything was to order.
4	Tried the Habit a few years back on a work trip to California. Think of in and out yet updated with more menu options. Nice updated, clean place with a good burger. Only issue I had was some times the burgers are medium well, easily fixed if you order well done. Chicken sandwiches are good, the best burger is the Santa Barbara double patty with avacado on a thick toast (not in the print menu but always available). Dont get me started on the fries, best fries in town.I could eat these fries all day, ive stopped just for their fries multiple times.
4	By far one of the best burgers I've ever had! Beats smash burger, five guys, culvers, and even in and out which I love. The onions and cheese blend with bacon is so mouth watering, and the fries are perfect. Also good choice of ice tea. Service is great as well for a fast food joint, employees are very nice and smiley.
5	This place has some good quality meals to go along with their great prices! I love their sweet potato fries with a grilled bbq chicken sandwich on wheat, so good! The employees are very nice and they make your order fast!
4	I like Habit Burger. They offer a fresh, quality product for a fair price. I had the single burger, fries and a drink for $7ish. The burger came loaded up with tons of fresh lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions and mayo. It was yummy. The fries were hot and fresh and they have fabulous pomegranate lemonade in their fountain. The food is made up fresh and the service is fast.
4	Great burgers and salads.   The Cobb is my favorite.   Friendly staff and good prices.
5	Had the basic char burger and I thought the flavor was fabulous. Perfectly cooked   The bun was nicely grilled and condiment s on it didn't overpower the great taste. French fries were just right and hot! I will definitely be back!
4	I personally didn't make a habit of going to this place, but I can see how one could.  There are many delicious burger options in Phoenix and The Habit Burger Grill is worth mentioning on that list.  The burgers are tender and juicy, very delicious and cooked just right.  Delicious salty fries.  Service is fast and perfect for to go orders.  Upon my return to the Phoenix metro area, I will consider The Habit more often when I crave a burger...and that is pretty often.
4	I like that I can walk from my house and get a quality burger. This place always busy. I get the double char with no buns replace with lettuce.
4	Had two double char burgers with cheese and one without with raw onion (usually comes with caramelized onions), sweet potato fries and regular fries.  Both burgers were amazingly good and fresh.  The sweet potato fries are some of the best, but the regular fries were nothing to write home about.  On the fries they need to take a lesson from Smashburger--their smash fries are really, really good.  The cooks made a mistake on one of the burgers and management more than made up for it.  Great manager!!  This is a place that I would return to over and over again.  I  suggest to the management to come up with a better substitute for the mundane french fries.  Otherwise, The Habit Burger Grill is a hit!!!!!
4	habit and in n out are my favorite places
3	I have been here several times and have had great service and decent food - veggie burger has always been good. The last two visits have been disappointing. I had a swiss char with mushrooms. The bread on the bun was either stale or grilled to crunchy  - but just along one edge, the mushrooms were cold and the burger somewhat tasteless. maybe I need to go back to veggie and have it wrapped in lettuce.
2	had a mushroom swiss burger...it was ok i think Five Guys has a better mush swiss burger
5	Best quality for your buck.Manager went out of his way to show me how the online ordering menu worked.
5	Friendly staff! First time here, burgers are good, food was hot, drinks are cold! Parking can be tricky if they are busy, could use some more seating, but not really a complaint.
4	Fresh, not greasy. The burgers are char grilled so they taste like a typical burger at a barbecue. I ordered the teriyaki pineapple burger and it was excellent. Another time at another location I had the chicken and sour dough sandwich and that was amazing! My only complaint is the lack of seating so we got it to go. A busy place must be a good sign just wished we had a place to sit.
2	I took my cousin for food at this place. To be honest is was subpar. We both got a burger ( i got a double, which was under a 1/4 lb), fries and a shake. The total was $18 little pricey for a fast food restaurant. I personally thought the burger fast like Burger King. Def nothing to write home about. The service was very nice. They were very helpful. The honey mustard dipping sauce taste like sweet yogurt with salt lol (not tasty, even to the nickelodeon teenager). The inside was very cool and old fashion layout. Just something I would expect a old fashion burger joint to be setup like. I enjoyed the ambience feel. Just can't recommend it for flavor-value ratio. If you just want a quick shake worth a stop. Could use a drive thru at this location.
5	Our family ate at this restaurant recently, and we all enjoyed it.  The prices are decent, and the food was great!  The service was pretty fast, and the employees were all very polite.  The milkshakes are delicious!  The only negative I can see is there is not very much seating, so it might be hard to find a seat if you go during their busy times.
5	At this place you will get the most bang for your buck!!! There burgers are amazing. I go here all the time and it is so cheap!
3	I went because I was watching a newscast that boasted "the best burger in the country." That statment alone made me visit...It was good-don't get me wrong-I had the single cheeseburger-while it was good-I've had better-I prefer IN & OUT to The Habit-but I would visit again. Malts are tasty-onion rings are good too...Friendly service.
4	Voted the Best burger in Phoenix,  and for good reason.  Try one for yourself to prove it to yourself. Onion rings are great,  as are the fries. Great cone and malts and shakes.
5	Great burger, Fry's were excellent (lots of salt which I loved) & wonderful service. I liked the food was made fresh & the burger was great! I ordered the single cheese burger combo & finished every bite.
3	Good and cheap. Not great and I'd rather pay a but more for food that doesn't rate frozen from a bag. Try Lenny's burger for a great cheap burger with a homemade taste. The dining area was way too small. We waited for 10 minutes for a table to open up. The one upside was the service was really good.
5	I used to be a HUGE In N Out freak...until I moved to Phoenix & now live by one.  I'm just kind of over it now.  We read an article talking about The Habit being similar to the other place but better.  The place itself is kind of small, not great for a big group & it can get very busy with no where to sit during peak times.  The workers are so helpful & actually seem happy to be working which is hard to find.  Prices were great! I LOVED that you could get an order of  1/2 fries &  1/2 onion rings.  The burgers are so fresh & flavorful & the fries/rings have always been hot & crispy.  I wish this was closer to us as I would definitely be frequenting The Habit MUCH more.
4	A double with cheese and an order of onion rings is my guilty pleasure.
2	The cashier and manager insisted that the veggie patty requires an upcharge  because it's more expensive than a beef patty. This begs the question - how low quality is their beef if it's cheaper than a black bean burger?
5	We had a great experience at this location. The lady who helped us was very professional and nice. The food tasted great!  I wanted my patty well done,  with no mayo. I got it the way I wanted it! I definitely reccomend this place to anyone!
3	I went here after long day at work.  Wanted to grab something and go, but didnt want drive thru fast food.  The place was crowded and played loud music.  Clean bright and staff was friendly.  Ordered the Santa Fe, fries and onion rings.   Told them it was to go and I was given a restaurant tablet that signals when ur food is ready (I don't know what to call that thing that vibrates and lights up when ur table is ready).  The best thing that I ordered was the onion rings.  The French fries had that dried out cheap diner feel.  The sandwich left alot to be desired.  The beef was low quality and the bread was toasted/fried with butter and oil.  The overall thing was a wet soggy mess.  I didn't eat the entire thing and ended up throwing it away.  I was hoping for a nice grilled quality beef hamburger and instead had a small step above a $1 McDonald's patty.  Either way in a pinch I would be back....I just know now what to expect however Will keep looking for my go-to burger place.
4	Really good burgers! I like the single char no cheese, no bun wrapped in lettuce with grilled onions. Really good juicy burger. Fries are really good as well, I recommend them with ranch for dipping but that's just me. Nice friendly staff. Have never had a bad experience here.
5	I went here my first time today, as there char boiled mushroom swiss burger was great. Loved the buns toasted. and there sweet potato fries, Yum! New favorite hamburger joint
5	Here's what I love about Habit Burger:1. Can order and pay online2. No problems getting custom designed meal. Lettuce wrap instead of bun- absolutely! 3. Nice shop and employees. 4. Fair prices for quality food.6. Convenient location. 7. Fresh ingredients combined in a delicious way.My favorites: mushroom swiss burger in lettuce wrap plus bacon! Cobb salad is big a fresh. You can eat at least kind of paleo-style at this place without much effort. I've eaten there many times and never feel lousy afterward when I choose carefully!
5	Really great burger joint (don't go there nearly enough) Great menu and great options, like having a lettuce wrap instead of a bun.Never disappointed
1	Found out at home our to go order was not what we ordered. Called in and asked to speak with mgr. Manager was too busy to take our call and they asked to return our call which never happened. Food is good but service is not.
4	We were a group of four on one of the bar tables and a had a great laugh with Megan the server. Ask for her if you want to be entertained by her offbeat humor and good service.
3	A good substitute for your usual fast food!  Their parking lot is too small for the lunch rush (minus one star), but at other times it is fine.I've tried the burgers, fries, tuna sandwich, and chicken sandwich, and have always been satisfied with my order.  Their teriyaki sauce is actually decent.Only once have I managed to get them to input in the register and correctly leave off the orange garnish that comes with the tuna sandwich.  I can't do citrus, so that takes off a second star.The Habbit is a nice "fast casual" middle ground between a gourmet burger and Sonic or Wendy's.  I actually prefer them to In-n-Out (better fries), though lack of a drive through makes them less convenient.
5	The Habbit burger Grill is part of the reason Burger King and McDonalds is struggling.  For about the same price at The Habit that you might spend at one of the other guys, the food is just so much better.  Grilled burgers the way a burger shoud be prepared.  I ordered the Teriyiki charburger.  It had a teriyiki glaze, Grilled pineapple, mayonnaise, pickle, swiss cheese,fresh tomato, lettuce and caramelized onions on a toasted bun. Sooooo good and I think it costs $3.69.  I also ordered a side order of Tempura Green Beans. Fresh-cut green beans lightly battered and flash fried to perfection. I honestly am not a big fan of green beans but you MUST try these.  This is how green beans should be prepaired.  The staff was super friendly and at one point someone came to our table to make sure everything was ok.  It you have not tried The habit Burger Grill, what are you waiting for?
