3	This Denny's has improved since Madison is now smoke free. Before the smoking ban, this place was like eating in an ashtray. Now, it's a good place to get what you'd expect from Denny's.
2	Oh Denny's.  You might be open 24/7, therefore being the only place to get some greasy grub after a Labor Day party, but you have done me wrong.Why just one waiter for 12 tables? Why Denny's? Why?And why was there a chunk of wrapper from a stick of butter in my eggs? Why?  sad face.
2	Food is okay. But the place is smelly.
1	The management is terrible! Our server was really polite and nice - he was doing a great job. However, his manager took him to the server area (right next to our table) and I watched as the FEMALE manager reached down at his groin, and proceeded to rip items out of his apron! How she doesn't get fired for that, who knows.Then, the food - I ordered a T-Bone w/eggs over easy, and grits. I get a cold med-rare steak, and eggs that are way under done. The whites hadn't even set up. The grits were flavorless, and overcooked. I don't expect a lot from Denny's, but man, this was just bad.Well, we get the check - and the Manager saw fit to take the table away from our server. I asked our server if he was going to get the tip, and he said "No, she takes my tips all the time". I know that every restaurant I've worked at, CC tips were calculated by who the server was on the table. Since the manager's name was on the ticket, I decided to give the server his tip in cash, directly to his hand.I'll not be back to this location, ever.
3	The waitstaff are always nice and the food is ok.
1	This place sucks!!! No manager working to resolve issue with my meal. They could not cook a steak correctly. Over cooked or under cooked. Just want a steak medium rare. Eggs over easy were greasy....yuck. Hash Browns were burned. Place is messy& dirty.  Stay away from this place.  Bathrooms are dirty & disgusting.
3	The ultimate skillet was more like vegetable skillet. Barely any sausage. Pancake is good. Food is decent too. Overall just an average.
3	Denny's is the most affordable breakfast in town. It is not the best food - but it is fast, cheap, and good service. I went to Denny's around 1 pm on a Saturday and was served in under 10 minutes. My waitress Linnea was extremely attentive and nice. She helped me pick out how to order what I wanted - 2 eggs, hash brown, bacon, and a biscuit and gravy. This didn't match any of the combos on the menu but she figured out a way to give me all that for $4!The food came out quickly and accurately. There was nothing wrong with it - just not the best. But you can't expect the best for $4 at a Denny's.I'd choose Denny's over IHOP or Perkins any day.
3	Great place for a morning in sweats. Like the fact that you can get a quality meal for $8. Don't ask for coffee though, the $2 drink leaves something to be desired. Staff was slow, but friendly, so I can't complain too much.
