4	I just moved from New York a few months ago and had been living with my cousin in Gilbert. I recently moved into this apartment complex. Pretty sweet. Mark Taylor property with GE appliances. It just opened in January, so it is still really new and clean. Convenient to the 60 and all the Tempe hot spots.Any single ladies want to come check it out? You know, for Yelp research only, holla atcha boi!
4	The nicest complex I've lived in by far.
1	Unit is nice.  Complex is quiet. We are here short term and are on the second floor.  We were robbed Christmas Day.  Just learned building next to ours was robbed New Years Day.  As of this date management has not notified other tenants about the robbery.
1	Haven't even moved in yet and I am having customer service issues!The complex itself seems perfect for what my roommates and I are looking for; however, we signed a lease, aren't scheduled to move in until tomorrow and already the problems are already rolling in. To be elligable to rent from san portella, you must make four times the rent per month.  My room mate and I passed this guideline and signed a lease together.  Not once did they mention we had to pick up our keys together.  I talked to them today around 5 pm. they said My roommate Sara and I had to sign this paperwork before given the keys.  Since Sara works all day tomorrow until 5 and I can only move in the morning, this posed as an issue.  I called Sara asking if she can make it down there before they close today and she said yes.  She called me around 5:20 explaining there was traffic and she probably wouldn't get there until right at 6pm.  I called San Portella, talked to Layla and explained that Sara wouldn't be able to get there until 6pm because of traffic.  "Is that okay?" I asked.  Layla said no, we have strict community guidelines and we close at six.  I explained that Leah, our san portella rep never explained that we had to be there together to pick up the keys and we have relatives with work schedules who are helping us move that we have to accommate including our own work schedules, since it is the evening before moving in, can you be the least bit helpful under this unique situation?  Layla said no.  I spoke to the manager who was very rude and cut me off while I was speaking to put me on hold.  I contacted their customer service representative, but she didn't answer so I left a voicemail.  It is unfortunate that I haven't moved into San Portella yet and I am already having customer service issues.  I work with customers all the time with my jobs and I am very understanding that the workers want to go home right at six, but I would never speak to a customer in the rude way the manager spoke to me, I would never cut off a customer to put them on hold and I would definitely stay open a few minutes passed closing time if an employee didn't supply valuable information.  Moving is stressful enough and dealing with San Portella's lack of customer service skills just adds to the stress.
1	Rude management, rude corporate, dirty carpets and roaches & various bugs!!!Ok so I had an unfortunate issue with the management staff before moving in.  Read my previous review for details. I moved in and there was chunks of dirt as well as grey carpet stains everywhere. I called Rachel the customer service representative who admitted to forgetting to call me back about my customer service issue the previous week, then to cover up her mistake she said customer service at the San Portella location isn't her priority because they are opening a new location. She transferred me to Priscilla who was much more on top of things and helpful.  Apparently Kenny, on the management team, never gave us a form for us to fill out regarding preexisting damages so we don't get charged when we move out.  When we moved in there was chunks of dirt, grey stains all over the carpet. We made several appointments with maintenance who never came. We have found cockroaches and crickets everywhere. Dirty tile, and sticky cabinets and countertops. Hopefully, after talking to Priscilla she will follow through with pest control and carpet cleaning and not forget to call me back like the other customer service representative, Rachel.
5	When I first went to tour this community, I was a little hesitant about moving forward with the process, only due to the reviews I've read about this place online.  So after my third visit, I decided to just go for it and sign a short-term, 6 month lease.  I just completed my lease today, and after living here for the past six months, I really don't have any complaints.  Adam, Katrina, and Lindsay have all made my stay very pleasant.  Anything that I have ever needed, they were always willing to help or advise me. I stayed in the North Community (or the pet-friendly section), even though I don't have a pet, I didn't have any issues with anyone or their pets.  I never heard anyone's pets barking obnoxiously or late at night either.  I also haven't seen any break-ins or heard of any during my lease.  The community is very well-maintained and the maintenance team is always courteous when you see them around property.  If it wasn't for my growing family, I'd absolutely re-sign my lease again and stay here.  For the location (right off the freeway), amenities (gas grills throughout the community!), and price, it's absolutely worth at least taking a look at this community.
3	We moved here in March of 2014 and so far our experience has been lack luster... We moved/transferred from San Tan which was a much newer and better maintained property. For example when we moved there, everything in the apartment was clean. When we moved here our closet smelled like cat pee (they finally replaced it after 2 weeks of waiting & nagging the front office), there was a huge stain on the carpet in the entry way, our silverware drawer was busted & our cabinets were filthy... not exactly move in ready. We live on the pet side and I have no complaints about noise, but it does make me mad people walk their dog without leashes and don't pick up their dogs' waste at times. The pool is nice, but I don't think it's heated as they claim. I've been down several times and ended up leaving earlier than planned because grown men were splashing so bad in the pool jumping in and out I couldn't just sit on the edge and read my book without getting soaked. The BBQ by the sand pit doesn't consistently work and the light above it has been out for weeks. We also have to pay $20/month for valet trash service that comes at odd hours... Oh and the AC vent that randomly fell out of the ceiling a week ago hasn't been fixed either. (Nothing at San Tan broke for the entirety of our lease there... how lucky we were there!)Overall I love the size and layout of the apartment. Very spacious two bedrooms with split floor plans and lots of storage. I think the price is a little much ($1100+), but the location right next to the 10 and 5 minutes from ASU (close enough to bike, but far enough from younger students) is pretty ideal. Except up and down Broadway at night is a little sketch, wouldn't recommend a late night walk.
