4	Owned by a husband and wife team.  Rancho Pinot's menu changes daily, depending on what's fresh.  Entres might include quail with soba noodles, rosemary-infused chicken with Italian sausage, and grilled sea bass atop basmati rice. Reservations essential.
5	Not an inexpensive place, especially some of the hard-to-find wines from their extensive wine list, but worth every cent. They have a nice bar area at the front, and one thing I really like is that the tables aren't too crowded together. First rate food and service. Just north of the Borgata, buried in the back.
3	this is a nice restaurant bordering on fancy. the best thing I can say is about the natural, fresh selections on the menu and the decor which is old west, old cowboy and western movie-themed .the pictures on the wall inspired by old postcards, oil paintings and prints of the cowboy way of life are fantastic. the service was prompt, knowledgeable, friendly and very professional. the place was a bit formal for my taste, but it looked like couples, families and work parties would be very happy here. tucked in the back of strip mall of a busy road it's not easy to find..for a NY-er. but it was delicious. unfortunately the Chimichurri sauce was too strong for me and I did not feel well after all, but it was a joy to eat steak here for what it's worth.
4	Service, food, and one hell of a wine selection make Rancho Pinot a 4 star restaurant... We went in on a Thursday night with no reservation or expectations, and we were pleasantly surprised (even my extremely picky boyfriend). Hoke (not sure on the spelling of his name) was attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly.  He educated us on the history of the restaurant - 14 years in business, pointed out the husband and wife owners, and of course upsold us on the wine and entree selection.  By no means were we disappointed.  Considering he's been there since 1999, we figured we'd trust his judgement.We started out with the gnocci appetizer.  It came with a unique meat sauce.  Fresh bread and olive oil complimented the appetizer.  I went with the sea bass entree and my boyfriend had the duck special of the evening.  Both were filling and left us without room for dessert.If you are looking for a low key evening without having to deal with Scottsdale snooty attitude, go visit Hoke at Rancho Pinot.
4	Always impeccable service. Excellent wine list.  Delicious food and desserts. Food is always made from fresh, locally grown ingredients.  So while you're enjoying a phenomenal meal, you can take comfort in knowing that your spinach wasn't picked by an 11 year old in Chile.  Then shipped on a CO2 coughing cargo ship to Long Beach. Then driven on smog spitting 18-wheeler to Scottsdale. Food is consistently 4 1/2 star quality, as is the wine list.If it weren't for the slightly kitschy, Gilbert Ortega-ish decor (jackalope included), I'd almost give the place 5 stars.
3	Came here for my best friend's birthday as it's her 2nd fav restaurant after Stonehorse in Tulsa.  She knows the owners, so we figured this would be the perfect choice. We clearly didn't need a reservation as the place was almost empty when we entered.  I was joking around with the host telling him I'm quite the yelper and that was I going to review his restaurant. We were waiting on two more coming from the airport, so the server nicely came over to tell us that we needed to make sure we had the order in by 10.  We went ahead and ordered wine and appetizers, which it took the waiter quite some time to figure out that we may have wanted to order some apps before the last two arrived.The food arrived and I had the lamb.  It was not so delightful nor memorable.  The grain was dry and the lamb was overcooked (more like medium as opposed to med-rare).  I was not impressed.  At the end of the meal, apparently the server asked the person who paid if he meant to leave that tip.  It may *not* have been enough, but if you have any sort of class in my opinion, you shouldn't ask your customer if that's what they meant to leave.
5	great casual atmosphere and interesting food!    Chrysa Robertson and her gang do a great job with local and organic foods.the lamb chops are succulent and savory.    also, you will never go wrong with the scallops when they have them."mom's pecan bar" with icecream is a great way to finish your meal.....and of course they have GREAT fresh roasted coffee
4	This place is a solid 4 and 1/2 stars with a great fresh, local menu and fantastic wine list! My last meal here was excellent with a very knowledgeable and honest server who provided a great dining experience. Some of the highlights were the asparagus, the beet salad and the short ribs! Oh my gosh did I love all 3 and I have been craving hominy ever since!! Plus, they even had a favorite bottle of wine that my BF and I covet that can't even be bought at the vineyard anymore (I'm not telling as I know they have one other bottle left and I don't want anyone to drink it!!) Decor is a little Scottsdale circa 1987, but you can tell that this is a great kept secret in Scottsdale! I will definitely be back!!
5	There are murmurings of inner house "readjustments" about to take place at Rancho Pinot, but if the end result of whatever is about to happen manages to maintain itself through the process, I think I've found a new favorite spot in the valley.I have to admit, the name had no draw for me...Rancho Pinot, I imagined a cowboy mascot sucking wine from the bottle, with gaudy faux western decor. But what I found was not quite as such. Rancho Pinot hidden in the recessed back end of the borgata strip mall was hands down a great experience. The decor was in fact a little old school with sporadically placed cow skulls on the walls and the occasional lasso or bit and harness, as is obligatory with any location that contains the name Rancho in it, but as my lady (as picky as she is) exclaimed, it was very tastefully done, and I'd have to agree...it was oddly, an almost artistically appointed room...yes, they had a stuffed jackalope...but no, I'm not going to retract what I've said...it may not be hip decor, or stylish...but it is certainly tasteful. The service was top notch professional by what seemed to be mostly career servers, reserved enough to be elegant, casual enough to be fun... and you know your dealing with a rare breed, when you ask for recommendations and they don't in fact recommend the most expensive thing on the menu.I started with the house cured duck prociutto, which was to die for, and finished off with the Nonni's Sunday Chicken...something of a house specialty as I understand it, passed down through the family, into the hands of Chef Chrissa (sp?) for your dining pleasure....and hot damn was it delicious, succulent, and memorable. The menu itself was contemporary, fresh, and locally realized...which I love...not at all the refried  bean southwestern fair I half feared walking into. Everything we had was, in short, inspired.Their wine list though not for those on a budget, is well appointed and not surprisingly ripe with some mighty fine Pinots.All restaurants want to be the place that receives the terrific review from the towns hot critics...I couldn't help but think that Rancho Pinot might be one of the places they go when they AREN'T working, as I noticed one of them sitting at the bar enjoying herself with friends....and in my book that's worth ten times more than any great one time review. *Jackalope = Mythical North American "Critter". A Jack rabbit with the antlers of a deer or antelope. Strange.
2	Another trip to the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Another mediocre eating experience.  My review is based on only 1 visit, but I won't be going back again, so 1 will have to do.Went out to eat here based on the recommends of Yelpers and also we had already eaten at the one other high recommend mid-priced joint around (Cowboy Ciao - see my other review and eat there instead!)- 1 Star - Parking.  Sure, it's not their fault that the parking lot is a big ole mess under construction.  But to have to walk from several buildings away, though dust etc etc was not the prelude to a cheery meal. - 1 Star - Greeting at door.  There was no one at the waitstand, and a passing waitress gave us a surly - "She'll be here when she can".  When the seating lady did come up (20 seconds later), she was nice, but the mood was bruised.+ 1 Star - Server.  Our server was a lovely man - looked a bit like an old school butler!  He did mess up once and forget to bring my friend's 2nd beer, but it came so fast that it was quickly forgiven.  He also traded my cocktail (which I didn't like - although I gave it the ole try!) for a glass of wine.  Sweet man, gentle demeanor, good waiter.- 1 Star - Decor.  Okay, I get what you all are going for with this sort of kitchy western theme.  But the size of the room is too big and open and so the attempt at intimacy just felt.... cheezy.  And why the "appeal to the masses" decor and then white linens?  A bit confused, imo.+ 1 Star - Creative, interesting menu.  The menu is short but sweet.  Some interesting choices ranging from scallops to steak to pasta.  But...-1 Star - The food.  We began with the asparagus appetizer which was fantastic.  Very French but with an American twist of frying the egg and whatever tasty breadcrumb chunks those were.  But the entrees.  Not good.  My scallops were overcooked and the cabbage on which they lay was just a mushy paste.  The cabbage had a good taste, but the texture.... Ick.  My partner had the pasta which was made with several seafoods (different than the online menu).  Just not good.  Not inedible, but not worth eating and especially not for $18.I would not eat here again.  There are too many other places in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  This was just not worth it.
4	We always stop by Rancho Pinot when in Phoenix. It is one of the most consistently excellent dining experiences in the city. The food is fresh and prepared perfectly. Pasta creations are imaginative and served nice and hot. I eat Flatiron Steak once a year and it is always at Rancho Pinot.Nice wine list with helpful wait staff that knows the wines cold.
5	Try Nonie's Sunday Chicken.  This place is a little difficult to find in a strip mall, but definitely worth it.
5	It's dangerous having an office located in downtown Scottsdale. The proximity to restaurants and watering holes can easily lead to lengthy lunches and copious amounts of cocktails. Now that Rancho Pinot has added a weekday lunch menu, I fear my productivity level just dropped. Although it seems this place has fallen off the foodnik radar, the stellar Arizona-accented cooking is still earning the "5-STARS" awarded by the Republic. A delectable new lunch menu makes it even more accessible.  Heading inside, you'll see that kitsch is king.Imagine cowboys, comics, saguaro ribs, and white table cloths. It's a dreamy culture clash of whimsy to match the eclecticism of the cuisine. Brandishing his bola tie, bartender Travis Nass is on a mission to elevate the city's cocktail scene. He makes his own... well... everything. His bar is stocked little vials and vessels (pictured) containing homemade concoctions and bartender essentials. His perfect Manhattan provoked this tweet to @kkrader, "I had a cocktail today that made me quiver. That good, or I just had the alchy shakes. I'm ok w either." Add in lunch from Chef Chrysa and I'm still shaking.
4	Two words....craft cocktails.  Mixed by Travis. To be honest, I have not eaten here, but the food looks and smells amazing.  And by the looks of things, this place is a crowd pleaser! If you are a fan of classic cocktails, made with high quality liquors, and a touch of mixology obsession.....this is your local Scottsdale place.  Stop in. Tell Travis what you like.  You won't leave disappointed (or stone sober).
4	Located in a shopping mallCowboy buckaroo ambienceFriendly reception; excellent food service by Franziska et al.Nice winesTasty grilled squash & gnocchi appetizers Huge veal chop w/polentaDelish desserts
5	Ooohhhhhh..... Mmmmmyyyyy.... Gggooosssshhhhh!!!!!! Need I say more?
3	I am totally listening to the 80's Wild Wild West song while writing this review and it is totally perfect.  Travis makes an mean drink and wears a handle bar mustache and derby bartender hat.  The have wine flights which is a big positive plus wine on tap which is interesting to try.  The place is a little strange b/c it is cowboy/ranchy but the food is very modern and VERY GOOD.  It is a weird vibe.  Service was good too.  Crowd a little strange.  I had a country style pate that was complex and tasty.  We started with a pasta dish on their menu as an appetizer and a pork cheek ravioli.  The pasta on the menu was much better.  My favorite part of the meal was dessert.  We tried three and all were tasty.  I would say these are some of the better desserts in Scottsdale. I would not take out-of-town guests here, but the chef is very meticulous so I would probably go for a quiet dinner with the husband.  I would probably give it a 3.5 overall.
3	We sat at the bar for dinner.  Nice kinda kitchy Arizona/cowboy decor to the restaurant.  The salami and crostini appetizer was a good start.  I liked the salami and the burrata cheese the best.For dinner I had the jidori chicken which had nice spices.  My friend had the bass which was a little over cooked.For dessert we had the olive oil cake which was nice and moist.  The meyer lemon curd gave it some zip.We noticed the cheese selections on the dessert menu and they looked good.  Next time we might want to choose a couple of these as an appetizer.
5	Tried this place after seeing online reviews. It's in a upscale strip shopping center off of Scottsdale road near Lincoln.It reminds me of Heirloom in DC Ranch. A strong emphasis on local, fresh ingredients, but they have been doing it long before it was hip. Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. The food was fantastic. I had the shredded pork, my wife had the salmon appetizer and salmon entree as well. All were delicious and well prepared. I would highly recommend the green peppers side. Some are spicy, some are not. It's a guessing game as to which are which.
5	Add locally grown fresh ingredients with vegetarian options add a dash of creative flair with an awesome wine selection and what do you get? A restaurant worth returning to.My boyfriend and I both enjoyed our dinners immensely. We both chose salads to start the meal. It was difficult to make a selection because all of the salad choices had interesting components. My dining companion settled on the Summer Butternut Squash salad-triple yum. I chose the Watermelon salad which was outstanding. This colorful salad had watermelon, avocado, olives, greens and they listed feta as the cheese but it tasted like blue cheese (which was fine with me..)For our entrees, I chose the Roasted Vegetable plate. I have had a variation of this at other restaurants but this was hands-down the most delicious and colorful of veggie plates.  I also ordered a side of sauteed shishito peppers for some extra spice! My bf ordered the quail which was excellent.The decor as others have mentioned is cowboy/AZ and it isn't a ''romantic" restaurant  per se but nonetheless it works as the focal point is the food and we will definitely be back!
4	Just had my first sit down dinner here after carousing the bar once before. I can tell you that this place is cozy, comfortable like that broken-in feeling you get in an old couch. We dined at the bar b/c we don't like tables :) we started off with a crostini that was amazing!! beautifully played with salame, and olives.. I opted for duck with fig compote and smashed butternut squash and husband ordered the gnocchi. It  as wonderful. The dessert was the best part for me. Rice pudding/salted caramel sauce OMG OMG I cant wait to go back and have it again. The bartender makes prob some of the best hand crafted cocktails in the city. Dont miss out.
5	Great!  I had the zucchini blossoms stuffed with goat cheese, Nonni's Sunday chicken and the prickly pear sorbet.  The blossoms had been lightly breaded then fried yet had a very clean, yummy flavor.  I had to refrain from licking the bowl that had Nonni's boneless chicken thighs accompnied by toasted polenta triangles.  Dessert was the prickly pear sorbet which was heavenly light and accompanied by three different small cookies.  Service was excellent and we will return asap.
5	First, I can't believe they've been hiding there for 18 years and we've never found them....until now!  What a treat for our last night in Scottsdale.  We were welcomed at the door and the host had actually read our reservation comment on OpenTable!  What a pleasant surprise.  We had a table in the corner where we could enjoy the entire restaurant as it filled to the brim for dinner.  Our waiter was outstanding; the perfect blend of attentiveness, knowledge, and fun.  I didn't see one of the cocktails on the night's menu that I'd seen on the website, so asked the bartender to surprise me with something "gingery".  He did not disappoint. Not sure what all I was drinking, but it was delightful!  We started by sharing the Chanterelle & Fried Egg salad.....sounded a bit strange, but what a heavenly dish.  Rich with flavor and texture.  I opted for the Jidori Chicken and my spouse, the Braised Berkshire Port "posole style".  Both were well prepared, and extremely interesting...in a very good way!  Based on other reviews, we ordered the Sauteed Shishito Peppers, which truly made every bite a surprise, and we almost licked the platter clean.  The Roasted Brussels Sprouts with Bacon were amazing as well.  And just when we thought we'd had enough....we had to try dessert!   Mom's Honey Pecan Square was a hit....but my favorite was the pink grapefruit mint sorbet!  A perfect ending to a perfect meal!  When we were leaving, the host asked about our experience and engaged in some delightful banter, which just completed the night.  Next year, we just might start our Scottsdale vacation at Rancho Pinot!
4	Went there last night, for a first date, and needless to say, it was interesting... not the kind of interesting where it was bad and you're trying to be nice. And the date, well that's another story...I don't really like the decor. It's kind of got the Arizona cowboy/cowgirl thing going on which is cool, but I think that saddle ranch might have a better decorator guys.Got a bottle of wine. It was the Cote de Nuits Villages - Louis Jadot. Great, earthy pinot noir - (was her choice) Im a hard liquor drinker myself... Anyways, our server corked, decantered (their decanters are awesome by the way)  and poured. It's a good wine... I guess.Started with the grilled squid & shrimp salad, and the chantrelle & fried egg salad. Instead of one for each of us we were on a sharing frenzy. More to try? Cool with me! Both were fantastic! If you ever go here and they still have it on their menu - Get them. The grilled squid was cut into easily edible pieces which was easy to maintain and not have to dislocate your jaw to eat. Which was a plus since not eating like a rattlesnake is a huge plus on a date. The date thing back again?...  moving on...Lemon used a lot in this and big pieces of fresh cracked pepper? Perfect.The chantrelle and fried egg salad was a little too warn for my liking - I kind of expect a salad to be cold... maybe I was conditioned this way. That was just a little off, but it was still good. Popped the yolk, mixed it in, yum.For dinner we did the Grilled Quail with creamy polenta, sauteed greens and fruit mostrada. Excellent. for the sides we did the braised endive, roasted turnips, and apples with the blue cheese and walnuts, and the spaghetti squash, sage-honey butter, and hazelnuts. These were perfect additions to the quail, wine, and atmos... ahh almost got me there. Im still lingering on the atmosphere.That's why I'm doing the 4 - the atmosphere has to take it down by one star. After the remodel (if it ever happens, and it's better than it is now) I'll come back to this and update it. Service was good. Not extremely good, but also nothing to note in a bad sense either.Overall, a nice white tablecloth, wine, good first date, kind of place to go. Dress accordingly!
3	I ate dinner at Rancho Pinot with my boyfriend and liked it but I don't think I would return. The decor is very arizona/southwestern, with old timey pictures framed on the wall, postcard lampshades, and a big saguaro cactus skeleton in the center. There aren't a ton of vegetarian options but there is one entree, a couple of appetizers, and some sides. I ordered the vegetarian entree, Roasted Vegetables & Risotto Cake. It was nice to get a plate of different vegetables that I didn't have to chop or cook myself, and most of them were delicious. The risotta cake was just okay and seemed to me like average leftover risotta balled together and fried. My boyfriend had the braised berkshire pork, which the waiter described as a southwestern flavored deconstructed posole. My boyfriend said the pork was really tender but that the flavors weren't really pronounced. I had a cocktail with my dinner (a small cocktail menu but you can ask them to do whatever with the liquors they already have) and my boyfriend had a beer (they only had a few options but mostly all local brews). I was planning on ordering dessert but didn't see anything on the menu that interested me, which was a little disappointing. Our service seemed slow, as in it was a good 20 minutes after our plates were cleared and empty drink glasses taken away before our server came back to check on whether we wanted to see the dessert menu.Overall Rancho Pinot just seems a little too expensive for what the experience and food is.
4	Made reservations here for a work event a few months ago after our boss had heard the rave reviews about the restaurant. The staff was very great to work with, and the night went off without a hitch. Like others have noted, it's in an unsuspecting strip mall tucked away in the corner. But once you get inside, it feels very small town and homey, which was nice. We started the evening with a few glasses of wine before we started with our meal. For the salad, I had the Tuscan Kale and Escarole sandwich, which was pretty good. Not anything breathtaking but tasty. For the main course I had the Nonni's Sunday Chicken, which was again good, but not amazing. I think I just wasn't a fan of chicken thighs. For dessert I had Mom's Honey Pecan Square, which was DELIGHTFUL. I think the sum of all the parts, company, service, quality, made this a 4-star experience, but I would probably try something different on my next visit.
5	Very special place... Yes the menu was enticing and the food served lived up to the succulent descriptions (a perfectly seared scallop dish for me, and some really fine, melt in your mouth chicken for my partner), but there was something else. From the moment we walked in and were greeted, through the meal service with our waitress, to the goodbyes at the exit, there was this special air of connecting, caring hearts. I know, that sounds kinda goofy, but there just seemed to be some special and warm hearted about the place and the people--- gotta imagine the owner sets some sort of tone, and it is the stuff that will keep me coming back.  Oh, and then something else happened, but I'll save that for a second review entry
4	This restaurant had several good, savory dishes, including the starter grilled quail with polenta and greens that could be upgraded to an entree ($30), roasted Brussels sprout side ($7), and the flat iron steak ($30) with chimichurra.  Delicious desserts that invoke the flavors of the desert.  The "keg" wines were outstanding-- decent value and good flavors.  Service was good, but did not match the priciness of the restaurant.  Cocktail took more than 20 minutes from ordering to serving, with one of our table receiving their cocktail well in advance of the rest of the party (of 5).  Will certainly go back and try again.
5	Food, service, price....all perfect.  The staff takes their job...and product ...very seriously. Love every bite.  Great room. Lots of space between tables.  Parking good.MY NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN THE VALLEY.Double love it.
5	One of my top 5 restaurants in the Valley. Every time I've been there, service has been impeccable, the food amazing. Most recent visit....had the chopped salad which was perfect. I had the Braised Berkshire Pork, and it was intensely flavorful. Nice martini, too (the house gin is Plymouth, my favorite martini gin). Highly recommended!
5	A nice place.  A little hidden, but worth the search.   The service is excellent from the moment you walk in.  Try the watermelon salad to start.  I am not fond of watermelon and I enjoyed it.  The pork and swordfish are amazing.  The custard desert wasn't great, but the chocolate cake was tasty.  Also a nice bar.  The wine list was a little on the light side, but they had a decent selection.
5	Did I ever write about the time I left my ipad here?  Didn't realize for a couple of hours. Heart racing, I called, emailed, hoped it would be recovered. What gracious responses! I got an email early next morning, lots of reassurances, help for when/ how to pick up... Ok so I've reviewed this place before, key words are wonderful creative dishes, a light touch for subtle flavor (right now I'm having a delectable plate of greens, shaved herbs, summer squash wrapped around burrata--- who woulda thought?) but most amazing is the heart warming genuine service of all who care for you here.  Oh.. And there's mightly fine wine on "tap". Heh heh..
5	from 2011 -- Rancho Pinot never fails to deliver. The ambiance is classy, yet comfy. The service -- knowledgeable but friendly. and the food? well, it speaks for itself. whether starting with goat cheese stuffed squash blossoms topped with cherry tomatoes and arugula, or eating the lamb with lemon and beans, the food is fresh, inventive and wholly satisfying.this past weekend we sat at the bar and have skilled mixologist Travis make us a prickly pear manhattan. stellar! after the above-mentioned squash blossoms, we both had the nightly special -- a frisee and spinach salad, tossed in a sherry vinaigrette, with arizona lobster mushrooms, duck confit, crispy matchstick potatoes and a fried egg from Chef Chrysa Robertson's own chickens. topped off the meal with a new dessert -- a roasted banana/rum milkshake accompanied by two homemade peanut butter/chocolate chip cookies. heavenly!rancho is a well-established restaurant in phoenix, with a mostly well-established crowd. however, younger foodies from all over the valley shouldn't keep from flocking here for the fresh, seasonal, expertly crafted food. wine list is great, cocktails are inventive and service is exactly what you would expect for an establishment of this quality.
3	I ate here this week with 3 of my friends and we are all around 30 yrs old. The food was GREAT! And the menu was very unique, a total foodie menu. I had the pear, date, hazelnut, pomegranate, with some kind of cheese salad. It was Delicious!! I've been craving it ever since then! I also had the quail as my entree which was very good. We shared the plum and pear tart with caramel ice cream, soooo amazing! I would love to try more on their menu but I'm not sure ill be returning because of the atmosphere. It is very western and not in a fun way. The reason I mentioned our ages before is because this is definitely a place for an older crowd. If you want a quiet dinner with an exciting menu then I recommend it. If you want a fun lively pretty dinner, go elsewhere. This place would be 5 stars if they gave it a makeover!
5	We were is Scottsdale during Thanksgiving week, and went to one of my favorite restaurants in town -- Rancho Pinot Grill. Their lamb chops are the best and I was salivating over them. As usual, they were excellent. Their salads are so fresh tasting that you would think they just pulled the veggies from the garden! Hoge, the long time manager at Ranch Pinot, is a delight to deal with and is as knowledgable about wine as any sommelier. Don't let the strip mall location fool you, as I dare you to find a better restaurant in Scottsdale!
1	RESTAURANT INFLEXIBLE. Reserved table for wine pairing dinner months in advance with the understanding that one of the party didn't eat meat. Two days before the dinner we were sent a menu which contained no options other than meat. The chef refused to alter her menu to add a non-meat option. Chef too self-important to accommodate clientele.
2	I cannot recommend this restaurant.It is extremely over-priced, over-seasoned, and over-indulgent.The decor makes absolutely no sense. The food is local and the chef chooses in season dishes. Maybe Winter just wasn't my season. I don't think I would go back to try it again. The waiter we had seemed miserable and completely disinterested in whether we enjoyed our dining experience.Let me tell you my bill was $90 for 3 appetizers and 2 drinks. No entrees excited me and the desserts were extremely strange.
5	Every time and yes, I mean every time... I have dined at Rancho Pinot the service is flawless.  Their wine list is extensive and the staff volunteers to decant... yes, it's true! Obviously, they truly want you to enjoy your evening.  The menu is local, fresh, and fairly expansive.  AIbeit sorely tempted, I try not to order grilled lamp chops lamb every visit.  This last visit, I lightened up my post holiday plate and tried their DIVER SCALLOPS mesquite grilled, corn risotto, tomato broth, bacon-fennel relishwithout a single regretMy approach to dining... make it count.  I am a foodie and proud of it!
5	Hard to find a 5 star place in a strip mall that accommodates a table of seven (with two kids! One required gluten-free).  Rancho Pinot is FIRST class dining experience. The food is superb - excellent preparation, creative combinations.  Drop dead wine list!!!!!  Really, truly world class selection.  SeaSmoke Pinot worth every penny....
4	Had Dinner with my mom and husband on a Friday night at 7:30pm.It was only about 1/2 full. Location: Tucked into a corner of a strip mall near Trader Joe's and Walgreens.Decor/Ambiance:Kitchy... Eclectic... Southwestern... Low lighting... White table cloth... Open setting, just tables no boothsSurprisingly quiet considering that it is a very open roomThe kitchen is mostly open to the dining room although it's not easy to see what's going on exactly in there.Service:Tammy was wonderful... super sweet ... attentive without being overly so.Wine:They were offering wine flights (of 3 wines) for Chardonnay, "Interesting Whites", Pinot Noir and Cabernet Sauvignon.I opted for the Pinot Noir and found that I liked 2 of the 3 very much!  This is a really nice way to get a taste of a couple different wines without investing in a whole glass that you might not like ... or might not go with your dinner... or if you're like me and just like to taste different wines and don't want just 1.  :)Food:Awesome... everything we ate was perfectly prepared and presented.Crusty bread offered was yummy... messy... but yummy.  :)What we ordered:Their salads are shareable sized... good for 2 people but we each got our own.*Chopped Salad - seemed to have everything in it.... including grapes, apples, white cheddar ... totally going back to order this :)*Fennel Salad - you have to like fennel... but it's not overpowering... *Beet Salad - SO Good!  It was red and gold beets on a bed of mixed greens with a light yogurt feta dressing.*Asparagus (with Prosciutto and Egg) - This was shareable sized (all 3 of us had a good sampling size of this) ... the egg on top was something I'd not enjoyed before but I think it's my new favorite way of having grilled asparagus*Galette (special of the day) - the pastry was a little dry but the savory insides made up for it.. and it was served with a mixed green side salad so I definitely got my greens in for the day  :)*Grilled Quail - Succulent!  Absolutely D-lish!  Served on creamy polenta.  *Grouper (fish) - husband didn't share but it looked really good*Passion Fruit Sorbet - perfect palette cleanser... hit the sweet tooth spot but was not heavy nor overly sweetPrice: Not cheap... this is a nice evening out.  But being from Vegas, this place was very reasonable IMO for having wine, appetizers and dessert... the whole works. Our bill was about $60 pp (incl tax and tip).
4	Consistently delicious, fresh and flavorful; a long time favorite in a town with many restaurants to choose from. Much more of a local favorite than a tourist spot.
5	Ok, I have never has rack of lamb with the most delicious beans with large chunks of roasted garlic I have ever tasted. The food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing.
4	Attentive wait staff, a more diverse menu than one would expect walking in, and a good wine selection.
5	A well oiled operation with amazing timing on delivering the courses hot and delicious. The Berkshire pork is melt in your mouth Yummy. Salads are $$ but clever and abundant.Some great Arizona brews.  We will return@!!
5	Fine dining in Scottsdale gets no better than Rancho Pinot, located in a small mall, decorated in what can only be called a quirky manner, and serving food that is often astonishingly good.  Do not be fooled by the faux Western wall hangings - Rancho Pinot is using them to tell you that they are striving for a comfortable feel and unstuffy service.  Take them for what they are.  After you taste the food you won't care and when you finish the meal you will probably ... well you will probably think the decor is still quirky.As to the food, Rancho is serious about creativity.  They do standard dishes with flavors, ingredients, and twists that make almost everything into an "oh, wow!".  Once in a while they miss, as they did with the grilled striped bass, which they dried out a little going for crispy.  But not often, and even then the sides were superb.One example: their strawberry shortcake is pretty standard except the shortcake is basically a scone, and it works beautifully.Expensive indeed, but not too much so for what you get.
4	Really cool place for drinks. They have a great wine and scotch selection. I want to try their food but haven't made it there for that yet.
1	There is no way I would eat here again. While the staff were certainly friendly and attentive, the food leaves much to be desired. We had a vegetarian in our party and when I made reservations, they told me there were plenty of vegetarian options. NOT! They have salads, side dish vegetables and one small pasta dish that they could leave the sausage out of. We asked if the mushroom pasta was vegetarian (which it wasn't) and the waitress spoke with the chef to see if it could be made vegetarian. Nope! Really??? They don't have vegetable stock or wine that could have been used in place of the non-vegetarian stock? And is the chef that incapable of creating a dish on the fly to accommodate vegetarians? RIDICULOUS!All four of our meals were mediocre at best and way overpriced for what they were...small portions and not very flavorful. Oh, and $11.00 for vodka on ice, with olives!!! So disappointed because we enjoyed the atmosphere and the staff.
2	We have been back in the Scottsdale area for the last month and have probably visited  Rancho Pinot three or four times with generally good results. Our last visit however left quite a bit to be desired. Things got off ok with our server until we ordered a cocktail and appetizer prior to placing our dinner order. We mentioned that we would need just a little time to select our dinner order. Well, that was the kiss of death. Our server disappeared from the face of the earth never to be seen for several decades. We subsequently ordered dinner and it was just fine but the evening was somewhat ruined by dreadfully poor service and lack of customer attention.As their menu states, "should you have a problem please mention it to us before yelp".Well we did but our waiter's response was "couldn't get to you as I was too busy getting drinks for other tables" . Brilliant.
5	Excellent dinner with friends. Oddly enough we all had pasta dishes and everyone raved. We also enjoyed several wines from their Wednesday wine menu. All were excellent. Service was attentive. Spring chopped salad was refreshing!
5	Food AND service were OUTSTANDING!! Had the heirloom tomato and mozz special appetizer and linguini. Mom had lamb chops. We enjoyed every bite. Jillian gave EXCELLENT service. Worth every penny!!!
1	So after sitting for 30 min, the service is horrible, if u wanna pay for 39 dollArs for steak. So don't waste your time
5	Seriously...this is our favorite place in the entire valley..and the best part is Chef Chrysa is one of the most talented chefs around and has a real sense of humor.
4	this place is tasty!came here with co-workers for dinner. i must say the name of the restaurant threw us off a bit..we were thinking mexican cuisine..but this place is actually more of a fusion-type spot with surprisingly complex flavors in their dishes. we ordered: gnocchi with a lamb sauce, grilled peppers with mozzarella and assorted vegetable platter (mostly grilled root vegetables) to begin. The peppers and mozz was my FAVORITE. such a simple dish but the way they made it was soo good.for my meal I got the flank steak with chimichurri, fingerling potatoes and arugula. The dish was acceptable, didn't knock my socks off. I thought the chimichurri was too sparse and too dry. overall the dish could have used more flavor, i wish the steak was seasoned a bit more.The menu is pretty limited, but the staff is willing to work with you to make sure you order something to suit your preferences. they were great!They are a wine bar - I had a glass of delicious pinot noir. My co-workers had the malbec which i was told was good and also cocktails which they said were well made.For desert I had their homemade sorbet in the following flavors: tangerine, pink grapefruit-mint and raspberry. holy cow...i am not crazy about grapefruit but the way they made it was delishhhh. Second place goes to the tangerine, followed by the raspberry sorbet - i'm assuming it's because of the texture of the fruit that the consistency varied so much for the sorbet...while it tasted good, i wasn't a fan of the texture of the raspberry.overall, this place was delish. a must try for this area!
5	I live in the area and enjoy having dinner here. The servers are excellent, always checking back to be sure everything is just as you ordered. The lamb chops are my favorite, cooked perfectly and served with beans that have so much flavor and garlic. You are never rushed and the atmosphere is relaxing. I suggest a reservation on the weekends.
5	I have been eating here for at least 12 years. Every time I am in the Scottsdale area I always make it a point to visit Rancho Pinot Grill. One of my favorite restaurant period. And I travel all over and I am always in search of great food. I am never disappointed at RPG.
5	This was our first visit after many recommendations of the place.   We read the reviews that stated that the Nonni's Sunday Chicken dish was out of this world. My wife and I both ordered that dish.  Braised thigh meat (a large helping) in a mushroom, onion, white wine sauce, with crispy polenta on the side, was to die for.  We were given a soup spoon that we both used to scoop every bit off the plate.  We had different desserts and each was super.  I highly recommend this place to anyone who is into fine dining in a casual atmosphere.  If you are lucky enough to have a waiter named "Fritz" you will not only get good and fast service, but you will have a waiter who really knows his food preparation.
2	Sad to say it, but Rancho Pinot is a dark shadow of its former self. My wife and I used to eat here regularly. The place was outstanding in every way. Then two years ago we endured a horrific meal and decided to give RP a long rest. We returned for my birthday recently and decided that we would have fared better had we stayed away.All of Rancho Pinot's formerly exciting, vibrant, and personable atmosphere is gone. We were greeted very curtly and seated with little to no discussion. Our server was friendlier but still not of the engaging nature to which we'd grown accustomed here.The food? Just so-so and VERY salty. Grilled seafood salad is still tasty but the paltry mass of protein on the plate was a crime considering the price. Our pan-roasted fish entrees were nicely cooked but also quite small and way too high in sodium content. The wine selection is good and prices are low.Wish I could have written a better review, but honestly, what you read here accurately represents our experience. We currently do not plan to return.
