4	Seriously... I can't tell you how excited I am to find this Tropical Smoothie!!! I thought I had to give up on this place since moving from VA, but what a wonderful accident to stumble into this place!! It's in a shopping center right behind the Taco Bell, with very friendly staff and tons of options to enjoy and eat. Today, I went with the Blimey Limey which is a mix of strawberries, pineapple, orange and lime. Easily one of my favorite smoothies here...when I'm feeling super "healthy" I get it Splenda which knocks off some calories but not to worry the blend of fruits make it sweet enough and it's the perfect size more then enough to leave you satisfied. But this place has much more than just smoothies! There are tons of wraps and salads and sandwiches. I'm so excited to know that place is here and I can't wait to come back...especially with summer coming....oh yeah!!!!
4	Tropical Smoothie has more than just smoothies!  Who knew?I had a very good Thai Chicken wrap for lunch and the kids had flat bread cheese pizzas. The pizzas were only okay, but the kids didn't seem to care. They shared a Blimey Limey smoothie, which was delicious! Although they advertise themselves as healthy, you still have to be very careful here.  Nevertheless, far more healthy choices than your average fast food stop. Happy to have Tropical Smoothie as a new option.
4	Killer healthy wraps, salads, flatbread & sandwiches with a smoothie on the Side to enjoy & make your body happy!
5	This place is a hidden gem located near the Walmart. They have a wide menu with breakfast, lunch and dinner. i tis nice to have a healthy "fast food" alternative. I appreciate the vegetarian options and meat alternatives they offer. The staff is friendly and willing to customize orders.
5	My wife's Aunt owns a place at Oak Island Beach & I happen to find this Smoothie joint that I got addicted to while there August of 2013. As we were leaving I told my wife that the only thing I was going to miss was my daily Smoothie. Well we moved to South Charlotte that same month & 2 months later I stumbled across the Fort Mill location. God shined down on me that day! I now frequent the place. I now enjoy the wraps for lunch or breakfast with my Blimey Limey Smoothie. My wife enjoys the Tropical Colada.
5	I love Tropical Smoothie! I moved here a year ago, from Hampton Roads, VA. I was already a devoted customer that was accustomed to stopping each day at one of the multiple locations that were available to me. I was thrilled to discover Tropical Smoothie in Tega Cay. I stop every morning. I recently was back in VA for a week and realized that the location in Tega Cay is by far the best one; due to extra care that is given each day when I call my drink order in. The staff is top notch and go out of their way to make sure your happy. I feel like Norm or Cliff from Cheers when I walk in the door because they know my name and take the time to interact and ask about your day. I recommend purchasing "The Flip Flop," it goes to charity and you get a discount of 10% off  on future purchases.Lisa
