5	It has been a couple of years, I have to plan a visit very soon, but Dr. Duggan was and still is one of the nicest doctors I've ever been to!  I have experience with doctors of all kinds not just optometrists and can honestly say there are not many that match her "bed-side manner."  She is caring, knowledgeable and very easy to talk to.  I highly recommend her!
5	Dr. Duggan is a wonderful optometrist and the entire staff is kind and friendly.  They all make you feel welcome and comfortable as a new patient.  I was extremely pleased with their service and am so happy I've found such a great place for my eye care. I was also able to use the Yelp coupon which really helped :)
5	Dr. Neil Dickerson and the rest of the staff did a great job for me. I need some eye treatments for macular edema. They ran a series of tests and then determined I need further opthalmologic care and gave me a referral to an outside opthalmologist that is covered by my insurance. I followed up on that right away and am now receiving medication to reduce the edema in my left eye. The receptionist was also very kind and helpful. I would highly recommend Pearle Vision on Nellis.
5	My wife and I recently visited Dr. Duggan for our annual checkup, after being unhappy with the Dr. we visited a year ago.  The office is quite pleasant.  Dr. Duggan is very nice and personable, and seems to really care about the patient.  She seems willing to take the time to address the patient's needs, not just try to get them in and out.Further, she determined that the prescriptions we received a year ago were completely inappropriate.  My wife's new glasses are working much, much better for her.  While I had started needing reading glasses with last year's prescription, with the correct prescription from Dr. Duggan, I no longer need reading glasses for most things.  I am seeing better.  It was not just a matter of our eyes changing as the previous prescriptions were too strong, not too weak.We will be continuing to go to Dr. Duggan for our eye needs.
1	When someone calls a practice to get information, the 2nd question out of their mouth that skips your original question should not be: And who is your insurance company? And when you ask if they have any appointments for the same day the receptionist should not laugh like a hyena and then put you on hold. And the appointment desk lady when she picks up should not laugh when you ask about evening and weekend appointments. Psst, look out your window. See those tall buildings over there? That's the famous Las Vegas Strip! And it's not open 10 to 5 M-F, it's 24x7. I donh't expect an optometrist to be open 24 x 7, but no occasional evening or even Saturday appointments reflects a closed minded way of doing business that I can do without.  There's a nice and respectful way to say No, we don't offer those hours or services that won't get you a one star review. Or you could choose to act like this practice did...and as a result now I'm choosing to share my experience in hopes others won't have to put up with the same thing. Just in case the practice does read my review: Appointment call, 11/11/13, 10:28 am. Yeah...it's legit.
5	Dr. Siems and staff are amazing.  They are so caring and have a great understanding of what is best for your eyes. I am one week out from my LASIK eye surgery and I CAN SEE!  No pain, no complications,  no problems.  Go ahead,  shop around town. I did. I promise that this office and especially Dr. Siems won't let you down.
5	We've been coming here for years. We actually moved to the Summerlin area and tried a new eye doctor in the area but ended up back here. Worth the drive. The staff is very nice and we like Dr Duggan very much.
4	Took a chance and went to Dr. Duggan because my previous optometrist left the area, and I found a $25-off coupon on Yelp.I can't offer kudos to the receptionist, but then, it was lunchtime and quite crowded, and she may just have been having a rough day.But Dr. Duggan was very nice and very attentive, as was the technician who handled my preliminary test(s) (the one where you follow the neon dot, the one where they blow a puff of air into your eye, etc.).Another thing I liked was the fact that they didn't keep pushing me to buy my lenses from them.  I'm not really comfortable explaining each time I visit an optometrist that the prices are so much more reasonable at Costco, but it seems I always wind up having to give the same explanation.  This was a much welcomed exception.I can definitely see returning here for next year's eye exam.
1	I highly do no recommend this place. I am sure the doctor is great but the prices were out of control. I was quoted close to $500 for a new set of lenses on one pair of glasses. She made up some bogus remark that the mounting position made it more expensive. I went down the street to Las Vegas Optometry Care and paid $475 for the same lenses and a brand new pair of sunglasses with prescription. Erika definitely had a better selection but the price was ridiculous.
5	I have been going to Dr. Duggan for a few years and would highly recommend her. Sandra who fitted me for my glasses made me feel so comfortable knowing I wasn't thrilled about wearing glasses in the first place but always takes such good care of my family. Thank you Dr. Duggan your awesome.
5	Being with the same Doctor for over 30 years, I was skeptical if I would find one just as wonderful.  I did.  EVERYONE in the  office was absolutely professional, friendly, had respect for the patient and was genuinely kind. I thank all of your for a relaxing visit.  Sarah, Henderson
4	Dr Duggan and her staff were very friendly, professional and responsive.  Dr Duggan answered all of my questions and listened to my concerns about previous care.
5	I was able to schedule an appointment fairly quickly and didn't have a long wait to see the doctor once I was in the office.  I had outdated prescriptions for both glasses and contacts and was able to take care of both in one visit.  I felt like my happiness with the product and my vision was the priority, which was wonderful.  I feel confident in putting the health of my eyes in Dr. Duggan's hands and would highly recommend.
4	The only reason not a 5 star is their selection of sunglasses is limited. We love Dr. Duggar! She is so friendly and knowledgeable. Her staff is great. Large, nice, clean office. Never a long wait. Makes for an enjoyable doctor's visit!
5	Dr. Duggan is always kind, pleasant, professional and thorough. She genuinely cares about her patients. Can't go wrong with placing your eye care in her hands.
5	Erika Duggan, OD is amazing! She is so friendly and knows her stuff. Living in Las Vegas your eyes can get so messed up from the heat and dryness and she is always so helpful. I never have any problems getting emergency appointment, and never have any issues making a regular appointment. Her pricing is very fair and some things my insurance won't cover but the prices for those things are so fair priced! She is very high tech too, You can get your account information and be able to login to a website to see your past visits and other useful information. I wish Erika was a regular doctor because if she was a MD I would go to her. She also makes you feel safe and has a great attitude.The office staff have always been super friendly and helpful!Thanks and see you on my next appointment!!!
