2	The Hotel Theodore is really just the new name for the Scottsdale Mondrian (http://www.yelp.com/biz/scottsdale-mondrian-scottsdale).  One day they got bought out and simply changed the name.A year ago we had a bad experience at the Scottsdale Mondrian (the worst part was being woken up two of the three nights by loud partying at 4 a.m.).  We complained, and they eventually gave us a voucher for a free night.  Not exactly what we wanted, but we decided to take a chance and use the voucher when we were down for spring training this March.Our return visit under the "Hotel Theodore" banner was marginally better.  The rooms are still horribly dated (the rooms are painted white on the top half of the walls and black on the bottom, with funky furnishings to match) and slightly run-down with cheap bed sheets, but the pool area is nice, and at least our fellow guests were quiet this time.  OK for a one night stay, but we won't be back.UPDATE: They've re-opened yet again, this time as The Saguaro (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-saguaro-scottsdale-3). We haven't stayed there under the new name/ownership, but I can see from the pictures that they've at least painted the rooms bright colors (thankfully banishing the weird black and white from before).
5	My wife and I went here a few days ago, and ate at Cielo. We had the Prosciutto and Grilled Water Melon appetizer. It was nothing short of amazing. The meat was great, the salty, sweet, and chili oil were perfect together. The chef that designed the dish came out and delivered it. My wife had one of the salads, the name escapes me. But it was very good. She had the roasted chicken with sweet garlic sauce, and I had the Fillet that was their featured meal. The desserts were great too. Chocolate cake with a warm center, and a ricotta cheese cake. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. It was much better than the Asian/Cuban fusion fiasco that was there previously. The food was a bit pricey, but worth it. Even at their price point, you still got more, and better food than most "high end" restaurants in that class. Do yourself a favor and try this place. You will keep coming back. It is much better than Asia De Cuba
2	Hotel Theodore aka Mondrian aka JBar -- Whatever!  Different spelling same shizzz.  They didn't change the interior much from the last owners.  Let's just say I wasn't too impress.  It was a sure quiet night for a Friday night.  I'm sure the hotel patrons slept well.  I surely did!  Another thing, if I wanted to salsa dance I think I will go to Pepins, not the Theodore.  Granted they were playing for the crowd, but that ruined it for me.  Aside from poor music choice, it's Scottsdale; what's a nightclub/bar without a douche or two.  Oh they were there, but tad bit harder to find these days - are Affliction T-shirts out!!??
5	I love this place, especially TRs aka The Red Bar.  Great music every weekend, fun crowd and always a mixed crowd, not your normal club-going peers.  Any given weekend night you will find a variety of ages here, thats my favorite part.  It doesn't just appeal to one type of person.  The bartenders are very personal even when swamped and the cocktail servers are always there when you need them.  Plus the prices are surprisingly affordable.The pool is awesome too.  A little bit on the crazy side on the weekends but extremely nice and quiet during the week.  It can feel like an oasis when its quiet and peaceful like that.Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a nice change or visiting Scottsdale.
4	A big thank you goes out the front desk at Hotel Theodore! This Labor Day weekend the girls and I were headin for the pool for the holiday, but mostly for Georgeann G.'s birthday!!! We had thought it would be a good idea to go to a lesser expensive hotel with not so much of a party going on, so as we avoid getting to drunk to go out late night that night. Well we didn't really think things through. Whit and I arrived at the original spot we reserved and were beyond disappointed. Whit's face was priceless "Get me outa here!" is read. Immediately we called Hotel Theodore, "Help Us please!!" we said.... and help they did. We drove right over to the hotel, walked right into the lobby and were graciously greeted by the girl behind the desk, Nicole - super awesome! They were more than accommodating. We didn't have a reservation and we arrived before normal check in times. They quickly got us a room, upgrade to the pool view, 4 pool passes and we were on our way to a great stay-cation. Any time we needed anything from room service it was there in a flash and with a smile. The pool was great, clean, fast service, which was a suprise, as last year when it was the Mondrian the bartender was about the biggest bitch ever, but not this time. The only complaint I could have is the second and third floor rooms have about 2 feet of patio (more like ledge) space. If you are looking for a patio stay on the first floor. We were more than happy with our stay. Until the next holiday weekend, stay classy Phoenix!
1	So, they take an old crappy MOTEL, add a coat of paint to the walls, some curtains and crappy furniture to call it a swanky, boutique hotel?????  I don't think so. You can't polish a turd, folks....and this place stinks.I'm all for hip, contemporary places, but #1 you're going to need to invest more $$$ to make it happen, and #2 don't let your place turn into douche-bag central after 10pm.
1	One star only because you can't give a zero. If only I had read David E.'s review before going to this hotel. We could've written that review verbatim. My husband and I wanted to spend a Saturday night in Scottsdale to celebrate his birthday. We had reservations at Eddie's House down the street and didn't want to drive after enjoying a bottle of wine so we booked a room here on priceline.com. Check in took forever but the staff was friendly. Also we were charged $14 to park overnight. That was a huge surprise. They gave us a room on the second floor facing a very busy Indian School Rd. The room was dated and tacky. The balcony felt like it was about to collapse. The room was warm and the air-conditioner didn't work. We were woken up at 3 am to a party above us that was inside and out. They were still partying at 5:30am when we decided to call it a night and go home to get some sleep.  Next time I will do my homework.  Our advice to anyone considering this Hotel? Run!!!!!!!!
2	This place gets one star for the friendly staff, and one star for a well imagined concept (executed poorly, unfortunately).  We stayed here because there was a special on hotels.com and its close to where we had dinner reservations. Looked good when we checked in, but we were totally creeped out by the time we got settled into the room- imagine a contemporary version of "the shining", Scottsdale edition.  Everything looked totally run down, the bathroom didn't feel clean, we didn't want to touch any of the furniture.  There was a coffee machine/pot that sat outside the door to our room from the time we checked in until leaving our room to check out the next day.  Every single person we saw staying there was a total DB, lots of affliction and barbed wire tattoos and we were lucky enough to get woken up at 3am by the drunken yelling of these fellow occupants.  It was an adventure, to say the least.  Shut down, or spend some $$ to renovate and maintain the property.....maybe you'll attract a better crowd....not a classy place, in the least.
3	Never stayed at this hotel so that's why only the three stars.. however i have been here a few times to the club they have inside and a special event that was held in another area they have that is 1/2 indoor and outdoor on the side of the hotel. The place they have inside is small .. more of a lounge i guess. Decorated really nice and the patio is nice as well. More upscale crowd i guess you can say. The club inside was not really my cup of tea ( to stiff). however....there was a special CD release party that was held in the other area. I think this area can be rented out. MUCH more fun and large area as well. Nice bar and dance area inside and large wrap around outdoor area also. Played really good music, will lit, MUCH better crowd and all that and yes drinks were pricey...overall though had a very good time.Def a cool spot for special events would go back for sure.
4	I don't know about the hotel, but I enjoyed the erotic red bar!  Deep velvet red couches, outdoor fire, and good music!  It was sexy and inviting...
1	If I could give this place a zero, I would! One star for the pool & close location to the Giants Scottsdale Stadium, otherwise this place is horrible!! I booked the King room with Pool access for $329 per night during St. Patrick's weekend. First day, we returned to the room after being gone all day to find our room still not cleaned at 6 pm!! Second day, our room was clean but we had no towels until 7pm because they ran out! We also had to share our room with cockroaches. For the amount of $$ I was spending a night, I expect superior accommodations and service!! I've stayed all over Scottsdale & never had this bad of an experience! I complained to the front desk & all they would do was credit me back half a night's stay & our $40 pool bar bill. DO NOT STAY HERE!! IT SUCKS!! Check out the picture in my photos of our friends the cockroaches!
1	Agree with the vast majority on here...this place is NOT GOOD.Sounds like we got a good deal at "only" $260/night, but this place is worth only about $75/night, tops. David E. hit it right on the spot when he said you can't polish a turd (something I may try some day when I'm bored)...by just putting white paint and cheesy furniture/decor all over everything. Decent location (close to Giants stadium), but that's IT with this place. Definitely would NOT go back.Why can't we give places like this ZERO stars? Yelp, are you listening?
4	OK, so my dad and I were in Scottsdale with some friends for Giants Spring Training. Being that the Giants won The World Series, hotels booked up FAST this year and this was pretty much our only choice.About 2 weeks before our trip I decided to take a gander on Yelp and see what people had to say about this place..... I was horrified! We came in here last week extremely skeptical and scared for what we were about to see and experience, BUT I was pleasantly surprised!!!!!Pros:-Staff was VERY friendly and helpful when we had questions about places to dine, shop, etc.-Large nice TV in the room-Located right next to Old Town Scottsdale-Very short walking distance to Scottsdale Stadium-Has 2 pools, both nice!-Has a bar and many lounge chairs out by the pool(s)-Nice gym-Very quiet at nightCons:-The rooms were very cheap looking regarding the way they were decorated. -The drinks at the pool bar were expensive and not good. I would definitely stay here and I'd hope to have the same positive experience that I had this last time.
1	Let me start by saying, that I only have one star on here for lack of putting NEGATIVE quantities of stars!Check in was nice, lobby was very classy and cool, the actual rest of the hotel was ok...they need to finish the refurbishment.  Got to the room, and the handset for the phone didn't work, so I called front desk and they comped us the internet...tit for tat right. Sooooo we go out for 6 hours and come back to our room, and both of our laptops, the kindle and my iPad were stolen.  No sign of forced entry, they didn't take the medications siting out or the electronics of the room which could easily have been stolen.  I am 99% convinced this was "an inside job".  Got security to the room and they called the cops.  I HAD TO SUGGEST GIVING US A COMP ROOM WHILE THE COPS HAD US OUT OF THE BURGLARIZED ROOM WHILE THEY FINGERPRINTED, AND THEN THEY REQUIRED US TO PUT A CREDIT CARD DOWN AND NEVER REFUNDED US!  Oh by the way the room was already registered to the relatives we were in town to see for a funeral and they demanded that my aunt the new widow come down and fix the situation because it was under her name...this is after we  explained to them that she had to be at her husbands funeral in an hour.  Its been a week, no refund, they are dragging their feet on getting me paid back because one of there employees called a tweeker Friend to come rob my room. This place is horrible, next week there will probably be crack heads kicking in doors and raping people.  STAY AWAY!  Hotel Theodor, if you read this I would really appreciate you paying me back for the bout $5K worth of stuff you couldn't keep safe in your hotel.  Cause thats what you want when you check into a hotel, to feel unsafe and exposed right...this seems to be your motto.
1	Well as it turns out, the owners shut the place down, and in the process f-ed over a bunch of their employees. I know a few that worked there. Managment didnt even stay in the meeting for 3 minutes after they told everyone they would be unemployed. I don't think I could ever give this company my money ever again, no matter what iron chef they bring into the restaurant.
3	We stayed in one of the Cabana Suites back in May.  Is this place really closed?  The bathroom suffered from a really poor remodel, but the private patio with pool access made up for it.  During the day, a dj was blasting ridiculous techno music.  I'm alright with music, even house, but blasting it really prevent relaxation.  In general, the staff was friendly.  Upon check out I realized that I had been charged an additional $14 for self park, when there was only had a price posted for valet.  Did I not pay too much already for the room that parking in the empty lot is complimentary?
1	I can't say that I'm surprised that this hotel FAILED!
