5	I am finally glad to have a new restaurant by my work place.  The food is great and there is actually a place to sit down.  The restaurant has a combination of Middle Eastern, Mediterranean and Armenian food.  A great combination.I believe that this is the first time I have found shwarma on the west side of U.S.  - delicious!A great change from the usual sandwich fair.Decent serving sizes.Bon appetite.
5	I agree!  A quick downtown alternative with excellent food at good prices.  Don't forget to try the baklava -outstanding!
3	This is a nice little place that does a good job. I had the lunch special which consists of a sandwich, pita chips, and a small drink for around $5.75. The price is right! Their bread is great! It's like a soft ciabatta bread and it tastes homemade. Overall, this is a really good little place and I would reccomend it;  but there are a few problems that I saw.1. They charge you for putting cheese on your sandwich. It's a deli sandwich! I appreciate the low prices, but give me a break. Throw a slice of swiss on it.2. It comes with their homemade pita chips that are actually pretty good, but they are all broken little peices and you only get three or four of those broken little peices. 3. No deli mustard, honey mustard, or any other tangy sauce that could "kick it up a notch." Maybe they are coming later, but a little deli mustard at a sandwich place doesn't seem to be asking for too much.
4	Being new to the downtown, I am not familiar with all of the good places to go for lunch.  On top of that, there aren't many within walking distance of my office.  It takes a good ten minutes for me to even get my car out of the parking garage and soon the summer heat will be here and I'll have no desire to leave the building at all.  I was very hopeful about Zeez since it's only 4 blocks from my office.I checked the menu out on-line and was in the mood for shawerma but when I got there, I opted for the Phoenician Chicken sandwich.  This is a shredded chicken on a roll.  The chicken was very tasty and the bread was fabulous.  I'm glad I switched it up at the last minute.  The staff was extra helpful and the place is very clean.  There were about 8-10 tables and they weren't too busy - mostly government types (like myself) since it's across the street from the courts and jails.  There is plenty of room for more tables once this place gets busy and I expect that it will be once the new Court Tower opens in February of 2012.The sandwich came with some pita chips and a little hummus and a pickle.  It was pretty good as well.  Next time I think I'll try the shawerma. :)
4	For a place to go to on lunch, this place is fantastic.  I just went today and got the daily cheeseburger special.  It was less than $6 and I got a cheeseburger with chips and a drink.  The burger was juicy and the bread fresh, and it didn't take long at all for them to cook my burger.  C'mon, a $6 lunch thats not fast food???  I'll take that any day!
5	Awesome food and very friendly staff!
3	Went in today for lunch. Got the provolone and turkey panini with pita chips and hummus and a side of baba ganoush with pita bread.I haven't had a lot of baba ganoush but I knew I liked it from this other place in Tempe. This place's was a little off smelling, though. I realize everyone is going to have a different recipe but this was completely different in texture and taste than I'm used to. The pita bread was also very thin and dry. It's great for their wraps but not for dipping.The panini was delicious though and I really liked the pita chips and hummus that came with it. My mother's steak wrap was also really good, though a thicker, moister pita bread would have made it so much better.A wrap and the panini (both came with chips and small cup of hummus), the baba ganoush with bread, and a can of Dr. Pepper came to just over $18. Not bad for downtown.
5	Love this place! I am completely addicted to their breakfast wraps and red salsa. They make a pretty mean burger and some rockin homemade cranberry white chocolate chip cookies as well. They are always super friendly!
5	We came here for lunch while in town for a conference. I got the chicken shewarma, my husband got the Italian sub panini, and a friend got the beef shewarma. My chicken shewarma was really tasty, and the chicken was so damn moist! Food-wise, few things irritate me more than over cooked/dry meat. My husband's panini had a generous amount of meat, so he was a happy camper. The staff was very friendly and gave great recommendations. To top it off, they've got a widely varied menu, so if you're not feeling like Mediterranean, they've got a ton of other choices. The prices are great, the place is bright/clean, and they've even got a freezer upfront with frozen treats if you just want a little something sweet. I'd highly recommend this place!
1	This place used to be amazing, but now not even close. Everything used to be fresh and now the new owners use all pre made products that are not even quality. I used to eat her all the time and no longer. Ya maybe they fixed up the place but what they should have done was put that money towards the food the served. We miss the old owners!!
1	This place wasn't very good with the old owners and the new owners haven't done any better.  It's a bad location so has to survive off a very small breakfast and lunch crowd which in turn means they have to cut corners.I think they need to ditch the Zeez's grill and start a bad-a$$ hole in the wall taco/burrito shop which is desperately missing from downtown Phoenix.  Chipotle ain't cutting it.
1	The food/service isn't the best, & I've heard that it used to be really good.I went in one day & ordered a half sandwich + side, and they completely forgot my order.  I waited 45 min & no food.I've gone in a few times since, but only bc it's within walking distance of my office.  I'm not sure if I will continue to patronize this establishment.
1	Update:  This place is horrible now.  New owners = not worth the effort.  It's not anywhere near the quality it used to be.  I'm surprised it's still open.
