5	First-class rare book shop with a comprehensive selection of mostly antiquarian books. Clean, spacious, well organized, and the books aren't pointlessly locked away. Also has a few autograph plaques with photos and mounted memorabilia (Tiger Woods signed photo, anyone?). Books are priced about where you'd expect given the amenities.
4	Went in looking for a particular book that she didn't have in stock anymore. Instead of saying "Sorry try back later" she immediately picked up the phone and called a competitor nearby and directed me to him. Her selection looked good and the store was very clean/organized. Call before you go to see if they have the book you want or just take a peek in next time you are in Old Town.
5	I have not been in the store so I can't speak on that but they have a great selection and will go out of there way to find a book.  Prices are high but fair, if you're looking for a 60 year old book in perfect condition you're not going to find it for the jacket price.  If I ever get out to AZ I will stop by!
5	Rare? Yes. Valuable? Yes. Economically priced? Nope. This is where the serious book collectors go when they don't want to dig through hundreds of yard sales for that off chance of finding a rare classic. Instead, they let the folks at Charles Parkhurst do the dirty work for them (and charge for it as well). They have it all here. The books are in excellent condition, they are kept in nice cases and they have the hard-to-find collectibles. While hunting for a gift for my Mom, I visited this shop to see if they had an older copy of Atlas Shrugged. They did, but it was so rare that it was also $700...a little out of this gift elve's budget for my Mom. However, looking at their collection of books is almost like visiting a museum in itself. Books you didn't even know existed live here. Do they buy books? Yes, but your books better be rare otherwise they'll send you away. The shop keepers are friendly and incredibly knowledgeable in their rare books. This shop is another example of why I love Old Town. Yes there are plastic-filled clubs surrounding the perimeter, but when you really walk around and explore the town, you realize how many unique shops call Old Town home. For that off chance you need a rare book, or a nice pen, or even tobacco, you'll find it all within walking distance.
4	I emailed to see if they're still open. This is the reply: "We are in Prescott, Arizona, but do not have an open shop. You may order books by phone (at 602-228-3778), or visit our website: parkhurstrarebooks.com "So the storefront is closed but you can order books via the web site.
