5	SInce I don't have time to cook, and I live in a culinarily challenged district - I signed up to Sunfare Family Dinners. My hopes weren't too high, as I have sampled many different food delivery services, and have always been left disappointed. But, from the beginning Sunfare was different.  The Family Dinners are essentially one entree and four sides. I was shocked when I saw the portions, and how monstrous they were. It is delivered daily, so when Wednesday rolls around i am not eating food that was prepared on Sunday.  Major Plus.  The food is organic, prepared in a healthy manner, and more importantly SUPER tasty.  You can customize to the Nth degree with these meals, their client web site is easy to use, and allows for simple maintenance of your menu.  You have over 50 entrees to choose from on any given day (with surprise gourmet specials thrown in weekly), and you can mix and match the side dishes until your heart is content.  There are hundreds of side dishes; organized in categories like : Vegetables, Fruit, Carbs, Salads,  Appetizers, & Desserts. Each category is customizable daily! We are a family of 3, and we choose the 2 serving portions and it is still enough for lunch and dinner for all of us.  The leftovers are insane, and I am always giving food away to my friends.Being a procrastinator - when something important isn't getting done, you can bet I am sitting in the corner of my house monkeying with my Sunfare menu.The best part is the incredible, almost insane value. For a whole entire week's worth of food - delivered daily, the price tag is $200 a week.  If you shop for your family, you will know that you cannot possibly get organic delicious ingredients for a hearty lunch and dinner for a whole week at that price.  I have nightmares about them raising their prices...Highly, highly recommend.
5	This place has changed my life! We order several times a week, and it's heavenly. I've already referred several family and friends, who are equally thrilled with the service. Great value, delicious food, tons of variety, and appealing presentation. Totally exceeded my expectations!
5	OK, so I am not going to lie, when I first signed up for the program I thought it wasn't going to be anything more than a glorified TV dinner delivered to my door every day but boy was I wrong! They were actual, freshly made meals that tasted great! I signed up for the select diet, 3 meals and 2 snacks were delivered to my front door every night for the following day. I loved the fact that you could log into the website and choose your menu, they had so many different options.         In the past two weeks I have tried quite a few meals and snacks. My favorite for breakfast was the whole wheat blueberry pancakes, they were nice and fluffy and the blueberries added just enough sweetness. For lunch I would have to go with the open faced french dip sandwich, the roast beef was super moist and it had just enough cheese and bread. The grilled tri-tip served with a side salad was my favorite dinner, the tri-tip was cooked perfectly and had a really mild horse radish sauce that went with it great. As for the snacks my favorite mid day snack was the sliced honey turkey with fresh fruit and the fudge brownie was amazing for dessert.            Overall I would have to say that I was very impressed with the not only the quality and freshness of the meals but also the great organization the company had, they made it very easy to choose my meals and I never heard the delivery man at night which was nice especially since we have a dog. I would definitely recommend Sunfare to anyone who wants to have good quality meals delivered to them without having to put much effort into it. They are able to work with your meal plans and your budget, the staff is very friendly you can call or email them with any questions you have. I hope everyone ENJOYS!
5	Ok, I thought this would be a poor-to-middling service but I HATE to cook so I thought I'd try it for a week. I am a picky eater and too busy to do more than stuff a few snacks in my face in lieu of lunch. But I thought the convenience would outweigh any quality issues.Now, I just want to say to you: **SIGN UP TODAY**! I selected only lunch and dinner and I cannot WAIT for my meals! They are fresh, tasty, varied and just simply great. I LOVE that my food shows up every day like magic and I LOVE that the food is so good. I cannot think of any negatives, except that it took a couple phone calls for them to figure out where to pick up/drop off the freezer bags. I call, I speak to a person. I go online, I update my menus. This business concept is brilliant, user-friendly and works perfectly. And the food is great... I never expected that, I had hoped for edible.Give it a try!
5	Just got done last week with the Sunfare Optimal cleanse.  The program was easy to follow and not as difficult as I expected.   The food and shakes were enjoyable!   I mixed the shakes in the blender with ice and water and a little stevia and cinnamon and they were satisfying.   I lost exactly 10 lbs in the 10 days as claimed and I did not start out needing to lose any more than that.  Great program for those looking to drop the last 10 stubborn lbs or for those looking to get a quick jump start on a longer weight loss plan.  Thanks Sunfare for offering this great program.  I am now committed to remaining caffeine and gluten free thanks to your program!
5	I do not cook - as you can see from the amount of reviews I write on Yelp.  But know i need to lose 20 lbs, and I saw a segment about Sunfare on ABC15 news one night and looked them up and then I tried them and the rest is history.I do the weekly plan, as i like the flexibility of being able to cancel a dinner, if I have evening plans, rather than having to cancel the whole days meals like you would have to do on the monthly plan, and I am only doing Monday-Friday, but am thinking of doing all 7 days as the food is so awesome, I really don't want to go out anywhere.  So I get 3 meals and 3 snacks - don't be fooled by the snacks, they are not power bars, I have mini pizza bites this afternoon to look forward too, I have had mixed nuts, cherries and a turkey patty - you never know what might be in there (but you will never get something you don't like, as you fill out a dislike list online before you start the service), but I had not had a power bar yet.The meals really are gourmet - I was not expecting that - I was thinking more TV dinners - but this is high quality stuff; hence the not wanting to go out anymore.  Everything has been excellent, very fresh, the fruit awesome, great variety.  I really have not eaten so much food in a day before - the difference is this is the right food in a balanced way - you will never be hungry or experience cravings and the benefit, you lose weight !Now, I will warn you, if like me, you ate a lot of carbs before (and I mean bad carbs, not the good carbs that Sunfare are going to give you), you are going to go through a little bit of carb withdrawal for a couple of days, as your body will be going "what the hell, where did all my carbs go, whats with all this healthy stuff that I need to process in an efficient way?", but I promise you that will pass and when it does you will feel great and full of energy, don't give up doing the couple of crappy days that you body tries to persuade you that it prefers junk !It is a little pricey, but with no shopping, no gas, no eating out, no tipping, no waste (when you overbuy at the grocery store) , it is a good investment.
5	I've had the pleasure of having Sunfare deliver food to my home for over a year now and they deserve a write up.  When I first started Sunfare I thought I'd give it a try for a month because of the cost.  I wanted to know there was value to what I was paying for.  Before Sunfare I ate out a lot and ordered a lot of fast food.  I did it out of convenience so I thought Sunfare would be a good idea because it was even more convenient.  I soon realize that Sunfare was more than just convenient.  It was also healthy and delicious.  More so than most places I've eaten before.  My wife and I don't cook and when we went grocery shopping we'd end up wasting most of the grocery items because we never got around to cooking it and end up wasting a ton of money by throwing food in the garbage.  With Sunfare we never have to worry about throwing away wasted food.  So is Sunfare a good value?  Yes, it is!  No more wasted food and no more going shopping for food and no more spending time in the kitchen making inedible meals.  Sunfare is a great value if you take all these things I mentioned in consideration.  Oh and besides that my wife and I have lost weight eating these low fat meals they put together.  I highly recommend them.
5	Absolutely love Sunfare!! I am on day 3 of the 5 day optimal cleanse and already down 5lbs. The program is so easy to follow and the food tastes great! I would definitely recommend to anyone considering a cleanse or meal delivery program.
5	Literally can't live without my sunfare.  Not only is the food amazing, I have more time in my day.  No groceries, cooking or clean-up... Awesome!!!  A must try
5	I am addicted to Sunfare!  I travel a ton and I was looking for a break from eating out all the time. I came across Sunfare and decided to start with the 5 day Optimal Cleanse.  I'll admit, I was nervous at first because I HATE most shakes and I wasn't sure I'd make it through the 5 days, but I really wanted a great detox.  This was the EASIEST detox/cleanse I have ever experienced.  I have tried almost every cleanse out there but on this one, I was never hungry, I felt great, and I loved that you were slowly weaned off food and then slowly reintroduced.  (Yes, I did get a slight headache on the second day, but it wasn't horrible and to be expected after all the sugar I had been consuming.)  Also, I actually didn't mind the shakes, and the texture of most shakes end up making me gag.  I would add a few drops of flavored stevia, mix with water, and it was great!  I did the cleanse mostly for detox reasons, but I ended up losing 6 pounds as a bonus.  Also, I haven't had a diet soda since the cleanse and that is HUGE addiction for me to break.The food was so great during the cleanse portion that I figured I'd give the Signature Diet a try.  I consider myself a total foodie and even I'm impressed by this food!!!!  It's fresh, flavorful, and I know that they are staying within my calorie limits.  Have there been meals I'm not crazy about?  Of course, but all I have to do is rate the meal in my online menu and I never see it again!  Is it expensive?  Yes, and I wince every time I'm reminded of what I'm spending, but if I added up the money I spent eating out and the groceries that would go to waste every month, it pretty much added up to the same.  Plus, I know I'm getting fresh ingredients, healthy meals, and I LOVE the food.My counselor, Maegan, has been great and gets back to me immediately with any questions.  Although I do have weight to lose, I don't consider Sunfare to be 'diet food' in any way, shape, or form!  I see it as great food that happens to have the added benefit of contributing to healthy living.  I have never felt deprived and I really notice the different in how I feel when I travel and I'm forced to eat out again.  I actually look forward to getting home and starting Sunfare again each time I travel.Give it a try, you won't regret it!
5	I travel a lot and have been to some of the best restaurant in the country.  The food you get on this service is as good as any restaurant I've been too. Add to that the food is portion right and includes a variety of all the food groups. In my mind is a no brainer. I've been wanting to eat healthy and change my diet for health reasons. I've tried to do it myself but I just don't have the time to cook or shop and all the other things that go with that.  Is it cheap? If you consider all of the things that you are getting for the price.  Yes. It actually is not bad deal.  When not on this plan. Two of my meals at home were at fast food place or a restaurant. When you consider the price for that plus the fact that it's not as healthy and I have to go get it.  This is great. I would highly recommend it.
5	I was assisted all the way in setting up an account as a gift, which involved several emails back and forth with immediate and helpful responses and suggestions. When I needed to cancel due to the recipient requiring something else, the response was again immediate, professional, helpful and courteous.  Terrific people to work with! Thank you, Sunfare!
