4	I went there last September with a group of girls and enjoyed everything from the food to the wonderful service. I went back early March with a lager group also had an amazing time. Food was once again great. I would definitely go back. 6 people or more they include 15% for tip, you can give more if you feel necessary. Bring your own wine!
5	I've been to Kyomi twice over the past year, everytime for a birthday. I really enjoyed it.  It is pretty classy and the service is professional. Food is good and it it is always served in fancy ways ( for example my gf got some fried shrimps and the plate was an actual boat in miniature - pretty cool).Another plus is that plates are huge !! I barely finished both times.Prices are medium-high but for the good service and quality of food I would say it is worth it. Get ready to spend ~ 20-30. Oh and this is a BYOW (Bring your own wine) restaurant which gives it another plus.Interior design is very cool, seats are incredibly comfortable !A+ You should try it if you like asian cuisine!Edit: I've been there for a 3rd time a few weeks ago, again for a friends bday. We got 2 tables upstairs, pretty separated from the rest. Very cool and private !
3	Very beautiful space luxurious setting, weekday nice & quiet: worth a 4 star. Food very very average & way too much cornstarch in my basil chicken and not enough basil & ginger. That's worth a measly 2 star - bringing the score to a paltry 3. Sorry. Not going back unless someone else picks up my tab.
3	Beautiful restaurant and very good service but the menu is too small and the food wasn't that great. Keep in mind I went here for lunch so I believe that the menu is much bigger at night. I would probably return just for the ambience but I ordered a general Tao plate (yes very original) but only because there was nothing else that caught my eye, and it wasn't great. Was missing the flavor. I will give it another go one day but not just yet.
3	Food : good taste and varied menu. Every type of person will be satisfied here. However the portions are way too big. The fried pineapple is very good and I definitely recommend it.Decor : absolutely stunning. Great place for date night.Service : nothing exceptional but they do deliver and take care of you.Great place to bring friends.I would give it 4* but I have rated other restaurants 4* that I think were better.
5	Great decor and great food.  Prices are very reasonable.  You can make a meal of the appetizers.  Order a variety and you will not be disappointed.  They are so good that they make the main courses pale in comparison, however, on their own, the main dishes are very good as well.
2	This is probably one of the worst "fancy" restaurant for Asian food... I was very disappointed even though I felt that the staff had good intentions and were making their best to give a good customer service. Read more on http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/15/kyomi-the-exotic-illusionist/
4	My girlfriend and I love this place. It's local and the food is superb. I recommend the table d' hote if you're hungry. They introduced me to wasabi mayonnaise, I'm hooked. The waiters are all male and are fantastic. Really on top of things. The decor is super fun, love the lions in the bathroom. Oh! I forgot to mention, it's bring your own wine! Prices are great, not too expensive but not buffet cheap. Also, the place is huge, so it's great for parties. They have a reserved party area upstairs. All in all, we go here often and won't stop any time soon. I recommend you do too!
