5	The 'low cost' is what brought me in. As a full time college student, funds are tight! However, I'll be bringing my animals here for awhile! Not only is the vet extremely nice & informative, he is calm! My Laya (yorkie-poo) has bad anxiety with different environments but she was fine! The office was clean and well kept. The hours are great too. Drove all the way from Clarion PA for him!
5	Dr. Shaw is excellent! He is kind, thorough and straightforward. I had such a good experience bringing my surgery bringing my kitty here for a broken tail surgery! I will now be bringing both my kitties here for their yearly vaccines!
1	Well, I know a lot of people who recommended this place so we decided to bring our cat here to be fixed. I was highly disappointed. My fiance brought Parker (my cat) here in the morning since I was working, so I can't say anything about that experience. HOWEVER, we both went to go pick him up in the early evening and there were a few surprises.1.) We apparently had some take home meds that were $15 more on top of the previously discussed $50.2.) These meds were the standard antibiotic and also meticam. After reading the back label, it clearly states BY THE FDA that Meticam is NOT approved for cats at all in any dose. So why did I have to pay $15 for medication that isn't even safe for my cat to take?3.) Parker was handed to us, in his carrier, and we immediately left. The second we got in the car, we were slapped in the face by an overpowering cat pee smell. I opened his soft carrier, and the entire thing was dry, as was Parker. His long fur left incredibly tacky (which is strange because we gave him a bath the night before). When I called and asked for an explaination, she gave me a ridiculous answer, that they mustve stimulated his bladder when they were cleaning him off, and he mustve peed inside his carrier just as they were putting him in to leave. -_-. I have a soft carrier with a carpet, and it was completely dry. I suppose its possible if my poor baby had been kept in his carrier the entire time. When I asked if they have a litter box available for them, she said no.. they just use towels. MY CAT WILL NOT GO TO THE BATHROOM OUTSIDE OF A LITTER BOX. I am very upset. Never going here again. I'd rather travel to Lawrenceville and go to the Big Easy Animal Hospital.
