4	There's a new HOT spot for dining, drinks and clubbing in The Strip?!  YES there is!  Emilia Romagna opened just last night - there were more than a few of us to welcome ER to the Strip with open arms!  A group of us sat around the enormous bar and enjoyed a couple of well-crafted cocktails, a beer or two for a couple of us and a dizzying array of not-your-typical bar food.First, the drinks.  I first sampled an Ultra L that was chocolatey yet light - white chocolate liquor, fresh lemon juice, gin, avocado (makes it smoooooooth!) and Aztec chocolate bitters (just a few of the ingredients)...absolutely delightful!  A friend had the Dirty Blonde which incorporated vodka, olive brine, pineapple and jalapeno and garnished with bleu cheese stuffed olives....only for those who love a really dirty martini....we started calling it the Filthy Blonde! A rosemary lemondrop using rosemary-infused vodka AND rosemary simple syrup with crisp and refreshing!Next, the FOOD!  Do NOT MISS the fried cheese!  Browned and crisp on the outside - not breaded to achieve the crispiness, no, pan seared and browned!  It was topped with arugula, shavings of parm and truffle oil.  It was my favorite bar snack of the night!  The crispy polenta cakes were good, too...maybe needed some shavings of parm and/or a little side of marinara to dip....but still quite nice.  I wasn't able to sample the pasta and meatballs, but my companions RAVED!  Fresh, homemade pasta, mind you!  They also order a pizza with house-made mozzarella and fresh basil...they loved it...especially the mozz.  And they have a sushi bar, too!  Imagine that.  Another of our dining companions enjoyed a sushi selection that even included a quail egg...it was gorgeous.I can't give a complete review for a couple of reasons.  1. The upstairs club area will open the weekend after the 4th of July - I hear great things...including having a see-through floor! 2. The outside Sand Bar that will have SAND and tropical surroundings, steel drums and tropical drinks isn't yet open either...it, too, will open the weekend after the 4th.  3.  I NEED to get there for dinner SOON!  Prime steaks and pasta and seafood abound on the menu!  I spoke with the chef who says their gnocchi is gluten-free!!!!!!  I can't wait!  As soon as I get back when the Sand Bar opens, I'll update the review here.  In the meantime, get your butts over to the Strip District and enjoy an evening of drinks and dining at Emilia Romagna...oh!  I forgot!  The bar has one kickass DJ and sound system, too!  GO!!!!!!!
4	They're bringing sexy back in the Strip!  You would have expected a place like this 10 years ago in the Strip.  You would NEVER have expected a place like this today, but it's happening and I'm excited!  I'm excited because it's freakin' beautiful inside!  The staff is friendly knowledgeable and excited to be there, and that makes me an instant fan.  It's massive, with a section for fine dinning, a bar section with hand rolled sushi and a upstairs that promises to be a fun place to lounge and dance.I had the opportunity to pop in on the very first day of business and I'm happy I ventured down.  The bartender is a certified mixologist of awesomeness.  Even with vodka as the only option that day he whipped up some delicious Rosemary/Lemon Martini's.  And vodka can seriously become boring FAST.  It was anything but!  This bar is going to be thee place to hit up if you want something fun and unexpected to drink.The bar area has a strict bar only menu.  That means you can't order the bar menu inside the dinning area or vice versa.  So that means the sushi bar is exclusively obtained at the bar area.  Good thing is they have plenty of bar stools and a ample number of booths to grab "bar food" at.  Although the bar food is anything but!  The owners are actually also owners at Alla Famiglia in Allentown.  I've never ventured there but have heard of their famous meatballs.  Now I can say they can truly brag about them.  Loved the meatball, which was hearty and moist, and most of all loved the red marinara sauce!  I'm a tough judge on sauce, being Italian and all.  I cannot WAIT to come back and try the vodka sauce!  But I didn't stop there!  I also tasted the sushi... really, how could I not!?  I was hesitant at first because I was worried they ordered their fish from Wholey's.  Thankfully that's not the case and it was super fresh!  They only had the sashimi, but thankfully it was hearty slices of tuna, salmon, yellowtail and crab.  Also, they put a tiny little herring egg as a shooter.  Seriously, so cute!  I cannot wait to come back for a real dinner and hopefully a little late night booty shaking!
4	Emilia Romagna is a new spot in the Strip District still largely under construction, but with aims of bringing excellent Italian food along with world-class cocktails and several distinct high-end environments to enjoy both in. It's a farm to table restaurant so the ingredients are all extremely fresh, with many herbs being grown on site.We arrived late on a Friday night and the first thing we noticed: It was loud - there was a DJ in the bar that you could hear very well from behind several brick walls.. But as it's the first week, I'm sure they realize the issue and we'll be the only ones fortunate enough to experience that. That being said, our plans of sitting in the bar fell through for hopes of saving our heads and ears from damage, so we opted to sit in the restaurant. The restaurant space is cozy, tons of exposed brick and a large wine rack on display with perfectly sized tables for both casual and intimate conversation. For being so new, the service was excellent.There are two distinct menus, and options from one are not available at the other. First, we decided on drinks - forgoing the wine menu in favor of cocktails - the Ultra L and Banana & Basil(Unfortunately the Cream Soda wasn't quite worked out yet). The Ultra L($9) was extremely delicious - mint, chocolate, and lemon all combined in a smooth and creamy drink. The banana and basil($8) tasted like a banana popsicle, but not quite as sweet. I was excited for the food to arrive, I was just talking to someone about how I had always wanted to try Alla Famiglia and here was a production by the same owners. For our meal we decided to split two menu items - the Caprese salad with fresh-in-house-pulled mozzarella($13) and mushroom risotto sans snails(They were very accommodating to vegetarianism: $15 - $18 w/ snails). The Caprese was ultra-fresh, with heirloom tomatoes, balsamic, olives, and super fresh basil. The risotto had a strong earthy flavor, perfect tenderness, and a delicious hint of black pepper. As someone who doesn't eat mushrooms, I was happy to eat a ton of this dish.I'm not typically one to get dessert, but the waitress was able to tempt us with a mascarpone cheesecake with peach coulis and a graham cracker crust, and I'm glad she did. This dessert was absolutely fantastic, light(for cheesecake) and the peach coulis added the perfect balance to the dish. Definitely one of the highest points of the meal.After dessert we got a glass of wine($9) and another cocktail, the Cocoa Powder($9) - which tasted like a mexican hot chocolate with a ton of cayenne thrown in. This drink was extremely spicy, so look out, but it was never unpleasant. That being said, I really enjoy and eat a lot of spicy food, so your mileage my vary.We were checked on by the bartender and chefs and we thanked them for the wonderful meal. They let us know that in the future there will be two more sections to the restaurant: A beautiful lounge/dance bar upstairs with world-inspired shots instead of cocktails and a beach patio in the back. All in all I'm extremely excited to have this new option in the Strip. For a nice Italian dinner(Something I don't usually go with) or a trendy bar, definitely make sure Emilia Romagna is on your radar - especially before there is a line around the block to get in.
4	Emilia Romagna excites me.  The place has only been open a week, but I think it has great potential.  Sure there are some kinks to work out, but it has the core trait of any great restaurant: awesome food.__________________________AppetizersMeatballs: Huge, and better and better with each biteCaprese: Perfectly seasoned, a variety of delicious tomatoes, and substantial mozzarella________________________Main courseLamb served on Gnocchi:  Lamb was perfectly cooked.  The broccolini was wonderfully seasoned and perfectly cooked.  Unfortunately, I don't think the Gnocchi should have been called Gnocchi.  They looked like small scallops and were very dense--almost chewy.  Lamb on Canestri (giant elbow noodle) with vodka sauce: Heavenly.  So much wonderful and incredible flavor packed in to this dish.  It was by far my favorite.  The only mark against the dish was that it came out a little too close to room temperature.  I would have preferred it hotter (could be some issues in the kitchen working on getting timing right)__________________________DessertCitrus Cannoli drizzled with honey: The flavors were pretty good.  I thought the Cannoli filling had a little bit of a grainy texture, but otherwise, the dessert was very refreshing.________________LibationsRosemary lemondrop = Yum.Ruby T = Fresh fruity yumminess.For wine, they didn't have the wine we selected, but came out with a great recommended substitute._________ServiceThe front of the house was fantastic.  The wait staff are still learning, but they seemed genuine and were very pleasant.  ___________AmbianceAwesome decor with Frank Sanatra type music in the background.  The space is very classic and romantic.  Unfortunately their dimmer was on the fritz so we experienced some odd changes in the lighting.The one thing I would change (or hope the restaurant changes) is the club they have upstairs.  Around 9:00 the bass started thumping and the music became quite intrusive.  Frank Sanatra doesn't go well with dub step bass beats in the background.  Maybe the club shouldn't open until 10:00 or 11:00?  I don't know what the solution is, just the problem.__________Final thoughtsThe food was outstanding.  For that, I'm excited.  There are definitely some kinks from only being open for a short time, but I expect most of them to be worked out soon (and my review to go to 5 stars).I definitely plan on coming back with happy hour serving $5 pizzas and a few $5(maybe) cocktails.  With generous hours of 4-7 M-F on the happy hour, you really have no excuse not to try this place out.
2	This review is for ER the bar and not the dining room. We didn't have reservations so we went next door and ordered off the bar menu. They listed hot apps, pizza and sushi plates. How odd, we thought. We ordered the meatballs (way too salty but big portions), fries (crisp and hot with a nice mayo dipping sauce), Scallops with the citrus salad (which wasn't a salad at all but a weird mix of raisins, some kind of grain, olives maybe? just very strange. Scallops were fine), and the spicy sausage pepper pizza (okay). Everything I ate just needed a tweak - less salt, little more sauce...I can't say I really enjoyed it.The service was way too slow. The server came over when we first sat down and then not again until we flagged her down 20 minutes later. You can definitely tell that this is a new restaurant still working out some kinks because everyone working there looked kind of dazed and overwhelmed.I expected more from the other reviews but was disappointed.
2	Wifey and I went into this dinner with great expectations and high hopes as we are huge fans of alla familiga . The space itself is very nicely done and spacious but beyond that, things went downhill quickly. Service was slow. After we were seated, it took us one hour to get our food and we had no apps. The waiter seemed flustered all night and was sweating profusely. The lights had a short and kept flickering from bright to very dim all night. There was still drilling going on in the middle of dinner service. A centipede crawled across the table and I crushed it with the cork from my wine. I I showed it to the waiter. The waiter said he was going to get the manager, but he never came. We ordered the lamb ragu and the veal chop. The pasta was good. The sauce was nice and there was a lot of meat in it. That was 18 dollars and a good value. The veal on the other hand was $55. It was a nice cut of meat and well cooked but totally devoid of any flavor or seasoning. When you pay $55 for something you want to... be wowed. It wasn't even above average. I told the waiter that it needed a sauce or some seasoning. It took him 5 minutes to bring me a bowl of microwaved au jus. At that point we were basically done. Nobody ever came over to talk to us and there was a visible lack of leadership and organization. I like to go out and have eating experiences and I like spending money on excellent food. This place didn't come close to meeting expectations. I realize they just opened recently but I'm not taking another $160 chance there when I know I can do better elsewhere.
3	I'm giving Emilia Romagna's three stars but have every intention of going back.  My hubby and I went here for dinner a week after their opening and had an enjoyable experience, despite some kinks that I hope they work out over time.I loved the atmosphere of the dining room. There was a lot of exposed brick, a big wine cellar in the back, and large windows across the front of the building that provided just the right amount of charm and elegance. I enjoyed the background music (think Frank Sinatra), although it was hard to hear over the clubbing music coming from upstairs (will get to that later). All in all though, I felt like the atmosphere transported me far away from Pittsburgh and into a modern day meets old world Italian setting. Perfecto!We started with some refreshing cocktails and the meatballs and caprese salad for appetizers. I wish our server had informed us of how big the meatballs were, they were a meal in and of itself!  That being said, we polished off both appetizers. I highly recommend trying the meatballs - they're some of the best I've ever had!I ordered the canestri dish for my entree and my hubby got the Jameson lamb. My dish consisted of a homemade pasta topped with tender lamb and a delicious vodka red sauce (if you've read my Eleven review, you'd know that I'm not the biggest fan of lamb, but this was so good!). Unfortunately, I'm not sure their canestri dish is the same anymore as it doesn't mention a vodka sauce on their online menu now.  The Jameson lamb was tasty, but I thought the mint was overpowering.  I also thought the gnocchi had a strange texture, but it looks like they don't serve that anymore with the dish, so maybe that wouldn't be an issue. For dessert, we split the cannoli, which was filled with an orange flavored cream. Honestly, I'm not a big fan of orange so I didn't really like the cannoli. I would have loved a chocolate option, but they only had the cannoli or cheesecake. Oh well, next time I'll try the cheesecake! So while we have a lovely time checking out the latest addition to the Strip District, there are a few things I'd love Emilia Romagna to change. One, their bread. It tasted like a day old Giant Eagle loaf. Their olive oil sauce was delicious, so I'd love to see the bread match that! Two, I'd love for them to have a few more menu options. I understand that the restaurant is new, and they'll probably add to their menu as time goes on. I just felt like there were limited options, especially if you don't want meat. Maybe some more pasta options would help? Also, as a side note, my dish came out lukewarm. I should have sent it back but I didn't want to put a damper on our dinner (I know, I know, that's just who I am).  And three, the music. Loved the background music in the restaurant, until it was overpowered by the dance music in the club. I couldn't concentrate on our meal after that! Please please Emilia Romagna, don't play the music so loudly! Or just start an hour or two later. I love me some dance music, but that's not what I want to hear when I'm spending $200 on my dinner. So if you go armed knowing that there may still be some kinks to work out, I think you could still have a great experience. I definitely plan on going back!  I'll be checking out more items on their cocktail list and will be sure to stuff my belly with meatballs galore.
4	What a curious place.An Italian restaurant, with delicious Italian food, and a pizza station.It has a beautiful bar, with delicious, thoughtful cocktails, and a sushi station.And a upstairs club, and an outside club downstairs.That's a lot of things for one spot, but go, go for something, likely the bar or restaurant.
