5	Ace really is the place. After hitting up the Home Despot for the second time in an hour, wandering the cavernous interior, looking for someone - anyone - who knows anything about screws, I found an associate who sent me to Ace.Ace was the complete opposite experience. This location is brand spanking new. It is all clean and tidy, but their garden center is still empty. I walked in the front door and found six - count 'em - SIX employees ready to help. Unfortunately for them, I was the only customer. One kind woman directed me to the aisle of screws and nails. Seriously, a whole big aisle of tiny drawers, neatly organized. I found exactly what I needed, for less than half the price of what you-know-who had. Not only that, the entire process was pain-free and included lots of smiles and pleasantries.Man, I'm starting to sound like a fogey. Kids today!
5	Further confirmation that Ace freakin' rocks.Last evening, I found myself in need of some eyebolts. Noting that it was just about closing time, I flew out the door, and headed to Ace.When I arrived, they were shutting down, yet pried open the doors to let me in. The Helpful Hardware Man asked what I sought, led me right to the spot, and pulled down a couple eyebolts of the appropriate size. As I wandered over to the register, I came to realize that I left in such a hurry, I neglected to put cash or plastic in my pockets. Embarrassed, I apologized, put the goods on the counter, and was ready to leave, empty-handed.But the man just rang them up, handed them to me, and said that I owe them a buck .75, next time I'm in. (Which I intend to re-pay tomorrow.)Sure, they don't carry lumber, or plants, or a huge selection of patio furniture. But Ace has all the basics, and their customer service is beyond stellar.
4	We have an Ace closer to us than a Home Desperate so we use the Ace often. It is always clean, tidy, and merch is easy to find. Helpful employees aid in the experience. I HATE the "wandering the cavernous aisles of HD searching for someone,anyone to help me" and I have been there.
5	Happy to have a new Ace right by my home. Staff were super helpful and friendly. The store is well organized and has so many cool things I want to buy!
