3	Located on the second floor, above the gift shop, at the Springs Preserve, the decor of the Spring's Cafe reminds me of a 50s Cafeteria - evidenced by the room dividers in Orange and Yellow. You can sit inside or on a balcony patio that overlooks the amphitheater at the Spring's Preserve.On the menu at the Springs...Spring's House Salad (*** $10.00) Pieces of Romaine & Iceberg Lettuce with Tomatoes, Garbanzo Beans, Cucumbers, with a Herbed Citrus Dressing with Smoked Salmon Chunks thrown in on an 8" Plate. The smallest Garbanzo Beans I've ever seen, Salad also a little dry...Brewed Coffee (*** $1.75) Not the best, and not the worst Coffee I've had. Refillable... from a thermos.Quote from a restaurant pamphlet...- - - - - - - - - - "Increase Awareness"We are committed to showcasing the freshest, high quality cuisine prepared with the ingredients that are ethically raised and environmentally mindful. Using the fresh, seasonal, organic produce and naturally raised animals enhances and sustains the quality of life, and that is what Wolfgang's Eating, Loving and Living is all about.- - - - - - - - - - I guess the above statement reflects Wolfgang Puck's WELL philosophy - treating everything related to Puck's enterprise WELL. Providing the healthiest, freshest, natural and organic, humanely treated products he can obtain. I guess I'm ever the skeptic... I asked my Chef son about this philosophy, since he actually works in Las Vegas. Rather than having animals destined for the dining table confined all their natural lives... how much of a difference is it in their short life span to have brief exposure to the outside, with a few feet more space? And, really, how can you apply "humane" standards to something that will be killed for your dining pleasure?Ever the skeptic... rl.
4	Nice atmosphere, good place if you really want to take a mental break and feel like your not in Vegas anymore. The food comes out fairly quickly, ok for a work lunch. Is a touch expensive (~$15 for a lunch) but not crazy. Food flavor can be touch and go, some are amazing some are bland. I like to go if I really need to see some trees and greenery to de-stress a bit.
4	Very nice place and great food.  Had the Salmon BLT and was very good.  Perfect to go to and see someplace that is totally un-Las Vegas.   The prices aren't that bad, and it also includes the sales tax. Since you order first and the food is delivered, no tip to worry about.
3	We stopped in for a light snack while visiting the Springs Preserve yesterday.  Nice setting on the second floor of a building allows for views of the Preserve and the distant LV skyline if you are able to eat at one of the outdoor tables, as we were.We were taken back when we entered by the aroma of fried food, as in fast food fried food, but the food was not of that ilk at all.  We enjoyed a good bowl of squash soup with just a hint of curry and split a really large chocolate cupcake. Bowl of soup was only $6 and big enough to split, the cupcake was $3 "plus" and definitely too large to be eaten by one person.  So, decent value.  Sandwiches, salads and pizzas seemed to be in the $9 - $12 range.  Special menu for kids under 12 years old had many options at a very low price.The routine is you order at the counter, you are given a number to place on your table and the wait staff finds you to deliver your order.  Service was very prompt.This wouldn't be a destination dining location, for sure, but it was a pleasant surprise to find as a on property dining spot at Springs Preserve.  Note hours are postfed as having recently changed for service.  Full service from 11a to 3p, "grab and go" options only from 3p to 6p.
5	A mini-retreat within Vegas.  They have great outdoor covered terrace that's quiet and with a great view of the Springs Preserve.  You don't have to pay admission if you're just visiting the Cafe.  I remember last year, they served an awesome Sunday Buffet brunch every weekend with live music.  My Favorite Item: Kobe Beef Burger.  Yum!
3	I decided to check out the Springs Cafe on a recommendation from a friend.  The location is awesome.  It is kind of an escape from reality.  A short 5 minute drive from downtown, parking is in the shade, and access to the restaurant is only steps away.  I think I had higher expectations because of the name.  This is a cafeteria.  An upscale cafeteria at best.  You place your order at the counter, and the wait staff brings the food to your table.  There is an array of drink options, including the typical 7-11 style all you can drink soda, tea, and coffee bar.  Regretfully you have to get up to refill the tiny 12 oz plastic cup they give you on your own.I typically tend to order the most expensive thing on the menu.  Today was different.  I ordered the Spring Pea and Watercress soup ($5), and the Portobello Mushroom Ravioli ($11).  Next time I'll ask to have my courses served separately.  Everything came at once.  The soup was very tasty, but also very hot in temperature.  It took me a few minutes to finish it.  By the time I started the Ravioli, the white bean ragu sauce, had begun to harden, and the ravioli was warm, at best.  I probably won't order this again. Would it hurt the wait staff to check on how I was doing?  They are not getting tipped much, but it doesn't hurt to try!  Maybe they could suggest a dessert.  Service was definitely lacking here.  When I'm spending $20 on lunch I expect more.  My recommendation to the management, would be to have the wait staff serve drinks.  A little interaction goes a long way.I gave this restaurant three stars, because it has potential.  I will try it again.
1	Really Great place but be CAREFUL if you hold an event with food and drinks.  My wife and I paid $65. per person for the Hor D'Oeuvres tray pass all evening and believe me we should have gone with the beef and fish dinners ($35.) as the guests were starving as they held back the food, basic math less food, less cost, the guests actually were embarrassed but had to tell me after an hour into the affair.  When I complained they brought a good amount out to my table, but by then it was too late.
4	I am getting to this a bit late as I was there in December.After strolling around the preserve for several hours I had worked up an appetite.  When I think of Wolfgang Puck I think of celebrity chefs restaurant's where I could no way afford to eat.  While not being cheap I found this place to be affordable.  I was also a little gun shy of a $13 burger having gone to the Burger Bar earlier in the week for a high priced ok burger.  My first impression was the bun was a little too heavy/dense.  Turns out there is good reason for the choice of bun, my medium burger had plenty of juices dripping from it to soak several of my fires in and did not break down.  And speaking of the meat, the flavor was the star of the the hamburger rather than just part of the deal.  The only complaint was: I was offered my choice of fries and something else filling but I would have liked the option of some greens or cole slaw.The service is fast casual where you order at the counter and you are on your own for utensils and filling your drink and they bring you meal out to your table.  The building sets up high enough to have a view of the strip and would be a wonderful place to sit on the patio on a spring or fall evening and watch the strip come to life.
3	When this first opened I would have given it 4 or maybe 5 stars. However, I feel like the Pucketeria (an affectionate term coined by my coworkers) has gone down hill. I think that the quality of ingredients is still better than average, but the execution has become pretty sad.Cold fries, overdone burgers,old iced tea, late orders, and a dwindling menu have all contributed to my disappointment. I think that skipping the details and shrinking their menu has been in response to public criticism about the "expensive" prices. I'm happy to pay for a good lunch and, considering the previous quality of food, I didn't think the prices were unreasonable.  I'm dismayed at the changes at the Pucketeria. Maybe the Springs should cave in to the RJ and their readers and turn it into a corndog stand/buffet.(This is Vegas! Sustainable and elegant food? Bah! We want $5.99 buffets!)At first, daily specials seem inspired, but after you get past the chichi names you might discover you've ordered nothing but a cold quesadilla with shredded pork. In general, the experience can be underwhelming for newcomers who might expect more from the Wolfgang Puck brand.Nonetheless, old standbys like the various pizzas are still tasty and that's why I give the place three stars. The lemon pasta salad side dish remains a favorite. The food isn't too greasy and you won't feel "blah" after eating lunch. My coworkers and I go here whenever we can't figure out what we want to eat.If you don't want ginormous portions, or if you want to save money, order from the kid's menu. The kid size portions are reasonably priced and are a good size for lunch (if you're ok with cold fries).
1	When you say your a vegetarian don't recomend the potato soup with Bacon. Then don't mess around with me about the refund, with no mea culpa.
1	We got here before opening (they open an hour after the preserve opens) and were completely ignored by several people who walked past us.Wolfgang, here's some helpful tips to increase business:1) We just wanted coffee, tea, and a sweet roll. You need to have a separate section or counter in the front that opens early and has these items for purchase.2) If your staff passes by someone standing in the doorway and makes eye contact, they should at least greet the person with a hello.  I know that it was before opening, but if your door is unlocked and people are buzzing around, it's common courtesy to acknowledge a person.  We just wanted to ask if we could come back when you open and get coffee or tea to go.
2	If your trip to Springs Preserve is last minute and you are hungry when you arrive then this restaurant is acceptable.  Otherwise, eat elsewhere.  The balcony view of Las Vegas and the Preserve below is great but the food selections are few and expensive for what you get.  You can see the menu at this link: http://www.springspreserve.org/assets/pdf/plan_cafe_menu_fall2010.pdfThe chicken salad (special of the day) was $10.  There were about three cranberries in it and a small amount of chicken.  I am supportive of sustainable food and local sourcing, but at that price the Cafe could at least match the amount of food I'd get from a chicken salad at Burger King.  Skip the rum smoothie.  Not a hint of alcohol.It would be great if the balcony was open after 3P on weekdays.  (It has an additional separate entrance from the cafe.)  It's a great location to take sunset shots.
1	Of course we were feeling hungry aftr walking all over the place so we stopped in for a bite. I wish we would have just left and ate someplace else. It was horrible. I should have my mind checked for ordering chili but it sounded good and I thought it would be yummy..No not yummy. Gross. Ate 2 bites and decided not to eat anymore.I ordered the mac & cheese for the kiddo and it was some lame penne pasta with some bland white sauce.The highlight of the meal was my soda.Never again will I eat here.You would think it being Pucks place it would be better but it's not..its not good at all.
2	When it first opened, my sister would rave about the food being so good. The good thing about the cafe is they use fresh ingredients & grow their own fruits and vegetables. I went there on Halloween & for the winter holidays because my family had the annual pass & my kids like to go to spring preserve. I'm sorry say, but every time I eat here,  I'm never satisfied with the flavors or how the food is cooked. I might just go there for recreation & save my cash & calories for something worth it.
1	We went here about three months ago and I hadn't written about how bad the service was, but it still bothers me so here goes. We didn't get to eat because we ordered and waited ...and waited...and waited finally we saw one of our meals up on the counter, and we waited and waited some more. About forty minutes in to waiting with one of our meals getting cold up on the counter we asked for our mo0ney back and left. Will never go back ever.if i could give no stars i would.
4	I'm not quite sure if they read the reviews before I got here, but I found my chicken sandwich to be quite excellent.  It had a wonderful corn-salsa blend with a chipotle aioli, and the admission brochure gave it $2 off to only be $7.   It was really good!    And the view from this cafe over the trails and of the Strip was just keen.  I'd recommend it, it refreshed me after walking the cauldron pool trail!
4	My husband and I meant to come to the Springs Cafe for a snack to tide us over until dinner. The burgers over there are so huge that we couldn't even think about eating again that day. The cafe has a cafeteria .... tree house like vibe to it but if you eat outside there is a beautiful view! We didn't sit outside though because it was too breezy. The beef patty was pretty thick on top of what seemed to be a multi grain bun. My husband opted to get the fresh onions instead of the sauteed onions on his burger. I'm glad I stuck to the sauteed variety because it had a little punch of flavor. It tasted like Balsamic Vinaigrette. The chips that came with the meal tasted fine but I think they could have put more on the plate. Since the size of the burger was large my chips ran out faster than the burger. They have a an icy vanilla coffee that also tasted pretty good! The drinks you can get your self so before we left we filled up on more of that coffee!
3	(They are no longer at the Springs Preserve.) 3 Star for Food but 5 Star for ambiance.  The food is good enough for 3 stars.  Most of the stuff here are tasty.  You can't go wrong with the pizzas or the salads here.  If you order a pizza, an Asian Chicken salad and a hot tea, you just can't go wrong.  The price is very expensive for a lunch meal but it's so relaxing at this cafe.  If you work around the downtown area in a high stress job and are a total jerk because you are so stressed out all the time then please come here and zen out a bit.  This place is peaceful.  I never feel like I'm in Vegas whenever I'm here.  This place is Zen.
1	We had an enjoyable time on Easter Sunday at Springs Preserve.  We made breakfast at home early and were going to catch a quick bite from their menu to the right when you walk in to the restaurant.  They were not serving from that menu ONLY the brunch.  We had planned to eat here when planning what we were going to be doing on Easter Sunday.  I think this should have been posted on the website or they should have told the guests when they were buying their tickets for the Preserve.  I had a few snacks in my purse but my daughter was getting a bit cranky to say the least.
4	I met up with some family to check out the Springs Preserve today (Memorial Day) because it was a Target Free Day. As expected, the place was chock-full of people and that translated to an extremely busy Springs Cafe.I'm not going to ding them on this, but it should be noted. We waited about an hour for our food. I realize that they aren't used to that kind of crowd, but I figure they should be more prepared for a day like today.Anyway, the food was actually very good. I ordered a Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Quinoa Salad. The chicken was very moist and tender and the ingredients came together exceptionally well. I also fully enjoyed that quinoa. I've never had it before and I am now a fan.I like the fact that their mission statement is to use organic and sustainable products. It's all part of the WELL philosophy (Wolfgang's Eat Love Live). I won't regurgitate their marketing on this, but you can read about it here (http://www.springspreserve.org/plan/cafe_well.html).The best thing about it is that the whole WELL thing doesn't detract from the food. In fact, I think it only adds to it. I was actually planning on just giving them 3 stars, but as I wrote the review, I realized that I am indeed a fan (hour long wait notwithstanding).One of the Springs Preserve's tag lines is to provide a vision for a sustainable future. There couldn't be a more perfect match for that ideology than Wolfgang Puck's Springs Cafe.
1	The most horrifying experience that I had with a well known named restaurant, talk about prostituting yourself! you did it Mr Wolfgang Puck!! Have you eaten your own food? Try your angus burger or your pizza! I could not even give you one star!,:(
2	Granted, we had the limited "Special Menu" on Halloween, but the burgers were literally inedible, the fries were ok. The Lasagna was good, but I think I actually chipped a tooth on the garlic bread. The cook tried to make up the fact that the "BooBurgers with Cheese" didn't come with cheese, either set, as we had the first replace, with a Bread Pudding. The dessert was good, which was nice, as the rest was grostesque.  It would have been a 1 if not for the Bread Pudding. Crossed my mind it was a Halloween Trick, cause it was NOT a Treat!
4	Sunday brunch after a friends wedding... 22 bucks and you get a ton of food.. The caesar salad, shrimp cocktail and flanksteak are worth the trip
