1	I'm extremely disappointed with RECON's quality of work.  I have a 2010 Mustang and originally started out with a couple small scratches around the passenger front running light.  One scratch was about 3 inches long and about 1mm wide.  There was also four small surface scratches a couple inches behind this that did not penetrate the clear coat.  I called Dave and was very specific in that if he could not deliver a factory finish I did not want it done and would go to a regular body shop.  He guaranteed a factory finish and that I would never know anything ever happened.  When the technician arrived I re-verified with him that it would look factory and he said it would.  On their first attempt I was amazed at how much of the bumper they painted for this small scratch.  There were bugs and dirt in the paint and even black paint splatter in the clear coat from the gun not being clean. There was also a large dull patch where the factory clear coat and theirs met.  I was told it would need to be re-sprayed and that I would have to set up another appoint.  No problem, they guarantee their work right?  When I arrived at their shop for the next appointment all they did was try to buff out the damage they caused.  This did not work and they even buffed clear though the clear coat.  I asked why they hadn't tried to buff the dull patch and he said it will always be there unless you clear coat the entire panel.  I told him I wasn't happy with any of this and he agreed to try it for a third time the following week.  Dave painted it himself this time and it looks worse than ever.  There are no bugs this time but there is tons of dirt, a much larger dull spot all the way on the opposite side of the bumper, and overspray.  You can also feel overspray down almost the entire passenger side of the vehicle.  Dave wasn't there when I picked the car up but needless to say I called and asked for my money back.  I explained to him all the problems I had found and he said the only way I could get a factory finish was to have the car disassembled and the part completely repainted which would be much more expensive.  I reminded him that I had asked this of both him and his technician before they did any work and they guaranteed it would be factory quality. He said he misunderstood my expectations and that he would have to get back to me.  I still haven't figured out how you misunderstand "factory quality".  Two days later he called and said he would refund my money and would call me back when he found the invoice.  He still hadn't called back six days later so I called him and he said he would either give me $100 of the $250 I paid due to his cost in materials or attempt to fix it for a fourth time. There is no way I want them touching my car for a fourth time as it has gotten progressively worse on each of their three attempts.  I wasn't being unreasonable or asking for more money than I paid them in order to fix or replace the grill and chin spoiler they over sprayed or to have all the clear overspray removed from the entire side of the vehicle.   So much for their unconditional satisfaction guarantee!  I told him to keep his $100 as he seems to need it worse than I do.   I would gladly have paid more to have it fixed right the first time instead of having to pay for this and a body shop both.   I know pictures are worth a thousand words so here is the link to my photobucket album with pictures to back all this up.  If the link doesn't work search for "ksguy" under people on photobucket and select the Recon folder. http://s32.photobucket.com/albums/d36/ksguy/Recon%20Mobile%20Bumper%20Repair/
1	I'm extremely disappointed with RECON's quality of work.  I originally started out with a couple small scratches around the passenger front running light. I called Dave and was very specific in that if he could not deliver a factory finish I did not want it done and would go to a regular body shop.  He guaranteed a factory finish and that I would never know anything ever happened. Since space is so limited for this review long story short after three attempts to fix the bumper it is worse than ever and he will not refund my $250.    I know pictures are worth a thousand words so here is the link to my photobucket album with pictures to back all this up.  http://s32.photobucket.com/albums/d36/ksguy/Recon%20Mobile%20Bumper%20Repair/
1	All I did was try to get an estimate from the guy and he was rude and told me to go some place else if I didn't like his prices. If I go some place else I was not to expect the kind of work his shop will give me.  I'm not sure if this is how he treats all his customers or just women. I don't know how you like to be treated, but I you want to be treated like a human being, don't go here!
5	Where do I begin to start with Recon bumper repair.  I met Dave about 4years ago, and He is a master at what he does.. He took care of some auto body work for me, and now services all of my current clients who need any kind of auto body work, and touch up work done. His work is incredible and I suggest anyone looking for a professional service to go see him
5	Great job with my Porsche spoiler at a great price.  Perfect match of paint and great job with preparation of part.  Highly recommend.  Ask for Dave.
1	I did get my car fixed....for $85 with perfect results. For the record, the owner was rude and told me I would not find anyone better then him. True or not I don't find boasting how great you are is a way to get customers. In the process of finding someone to fix my car for the correct price, I ran into a few ex employees of his that didn't speak to kindly. This guy may be good at what he does, but he definitely continues to prove that men think women are stupid when it comes to certain things like cars. That is 100% how he made me feel. So if your male, I'm sure you will get great service!
2	I dropped my car off for a few dents I wanted repaired; It was cheaper than two other places that I went to get quotes from. The work was well done, for the amount paid. Color matched and dents were not to be seen. However, I did notice a few scratches on my driver side fender area that I know were not there before I dropped it off. The estimated time when I dropped it off was 2 days at latest, but in actuality it was 6 days later before I was able to pick it up! In addition, as I picked my car up, no one really took the time to let me know about the work they did nor did they give a brief overview. Instead, after paying inside, a worker who did not really speak English, drove my car to the front and basically handed me my keys and nodded. On top of that, upon entering my car, I noticed my trip mileage had been resetted; I do not know why this would be necessary to fix outside body work, unless someone is trying to cover their tracks for taking a drive in it.After about five min from leaving the lot, my car turned off on me while I was driving! I luckily was close to the slow lane and was able to pull to the side. After letting it rest for a few min it started back up and I immediately drove it back to the shop. Ive NEVER had any issue with my car, where It died out on me in the middle of the road. It is a little older, but prior to bringing it to the shop I recently had a tune up and everything was fine. Of course the guys at the shop denied of touching anything and even when I pointed out the fact that my trip mileage was resetted, he didn't have an answer. It's just really odd that right after I receive my car back it's already having issues. I don't trust this place after my experience, and unfortunately have to say I am really upset. It's quite sad because Dave was very hospitable. You have been warned!
1	Like another reviewer, i don't know where to start either.I go into the location on Russell Road on Thursday and got a quote from the only guy in the office. Quote of $180 for a couple of dings and $300 for a little work on the Rear Bumper.Return on Tuesday, and speak to a gentlemen with a cool fu man chu goatee who agreed with the prices but found out i was using a living social deal so brought over 'Dave' to talk to me. Dave took a look and the dings and we setup an appointment for Thursday just for the ding work, decided to go elsewhere for the bumper work.Called on Wednesday to confirm the appointment since no one has written anything down in any of my conversations, spoke with Dave again and was confirmed. Thursday i go in and Dave had me show him the dings again and now, he's going to have to drill a hole and access the dings because they are double walled and the price has doubled. He didn't recall ever looking at the car and didn't know where the quote came from.The one star is for the terrible customer service. Dave was nice and a gentleman the entire time, just not a good businessman. I don't mind the message just not sure why i had to waste three trips to the shop to determine what was going to be required. They didn't get my business, nor any future business.
1	I had an appointment to get a door ding repaired and put some body moulding on my car.  I pulled into the location on Russell Rd. and it looked like a junkyard and they didn't even have a garage to pull  my car into to work on it.  Then after numerous prior communications the guy acts like he knows nothing about putting on the moulding... he says he just does dents.  Of course, Dave was not there but even if he was  I would have done the same thing...left without letting them touching my car.  Poor communication, location and service.  The only saving grace for this business  probably is Dave doing the mobile work and the customer never seeing the Russell location at all or until after the car is fixed.
5	I phoned RECON, spoke with Dave, inquiring if they did mobile work.  He told me Juan Luis would call to set up an appointment which he did.  He arrived on time, explained what he had to do, how long it would take, what the cost would be and "went to work" on my Jeep rear bumper with my vehicle sitting in my garage.  Three hours later, his time estimate for the job, he called me out to look at the work and I was amazed at how nice the bumper looked.  No more scratches or peeling paint and the new paint matches perfectly with my current paint color which is 9 years old.  Juan left my garage as clean as it was when he started and there was no paint overspray or any problems.  A reader may think this is too good to be true.  No folks it all went down exactly as I have stated and this is a legitimate review.  Maybe I was fortunate to have Juan do my work but I won't hesitate to recommend him to my friends.  Keith H in Las Vegas
2	I commend Dave for responding to my initial review and can say he himself does good work as I saw before and after of a friends car he had worked on previously.
2	I've used Recon's services four times.  Their real challenge is consistency.  Some of the services were awesome for the price, while others left me completely disappointed.  I get the impression that other than owner Dave, Recon is a revolving door for techs - some good and some weak.  And while Recon is not the best at proactive communication, Dave almost always answers his phone or returns your call promptly.My first visit was to repair a bumper and grill on my Altima (Teenager 1).  I ordered the replacement parts myself and took them to Recon for matching paint before installing them myself.  Very inexpensive and the paint match was excellent.  I was very satisfied.  I then had Recon tech "Evo" come to my home for paintless dent repair on my Honda Accord Coupe.  I was totally impressed by Evo's service and the results he achieved.  In just a few hours, he removed a decade's worth of dings and dents for less than $150.Based on two positive outcomes, I had Recon work on my Honda Accord after I got rear-ended.  The experience was spotty.  When I went to pick it up there were conspicuous paint drips.  The tech agreed to try again, but I was disappointed to have my time wasted.  Two days later, I picked it up with no complaints - the paint matched well and the drips had been corrected.  About a week later, however, the cosmetic lip on the bumper sagged off when the adhesive separated on a hot day.  Recon's Dave said to bring it back, but I fixed that myself out of convenience.  Still satisfied and still willing to do business here at that point.My last visit (ever) to Recon (Nov 13) was to repair a bumper and a door on the Altima (Teenager 2).  Recon Tech Erick gave me a quote of $400 and said it would take two days.  Apparently, Erick flew the coop a few days later and stranded my unfinished car.  After reconnecting with Dave, Recon's owner, I finally get my car back after nine days.  I pick up just after sundown in a poorly lighted parking lot.  The car is filthy and so I take Dave's word that everything is A-OK and pay him in cash.  The next day, I discover my metallic gray car has a somewhat purple-colored door with an uneven finish and there's a lacquer-like product splattered on the windows and one of the undamaged doors.  I return to Recon where Dave literally says "Erick did an awful job," but he denies that the lacquer-ish stuff is from them.  In short, Dave says Erick screwed him over and he can't afford to repair the poor workmanship properly.  So much for Recon's satisfaction guarantee.   Considering I was a repeat customer, I was completely shocked.In closing, they are capable of doing a decent job at a great price, but they are also capable of doing awful work and failing to stand behind it.  If your budget is limited and you're willing to roll the dice, this may be your place.
5	I used their mobile service. I had a small hole in my bumper from an incident with a fire hydrant. My husband sent over pictures, got a quote, and scheduled. Juan Luis came out the next morning, repaired my bumper and made it look Brand Spanking New. I am so happy. The work- flawless. The service- top notch. We are very satisfied customers! Thanks again Recon and Juan!
1	I hate to even waste more time on my ordeal with these yahoos! I kick myself for not going to yelp first. The first few reviews were almost identical to my experience. I just laugh because "Dave" the mystery man lacking class, basic customer service, and good business practices still refused to show himself or introduce himself when I went to pick up my car. Wow! Even better are his remarks to these reviews. By the way ,I made 3 trips to the Russell location. (Treated poorly over the phone and in person by his "cover men") I firmly told mystery man Dave "this has been the worst customer service I have ever experienced!" ....and his reply,"I didn't put the dent in your car" & "I never dealt with anyone like you before" (now that is just a lie- now that I read these yelps) Dave just be honest and move on, stop blaming your reviewers and everyone else. P.S. As I sit here writing this my dent is being fix in my driveway by two polite professionals that shook my hand.... Pool time!
1	Here is another one star for this place. I purchased a Living Social voucher for paint less dent repair with RECON.  I called up and spoke with Dave and make an appointment 2 weeks in advance.  I explained that I had some scratches and a fender dent on my car.  On the day of the appointment,  I couldn't find the place so I called Dave again and he gave me directions. When I arrived, Dave was not there but another guy was there. He told me that the person who does dent repair is not there and that I should have CONFIRMED my appointment the day before! I said, WTF!?!?! It's not my responsibility to confirm appointments. Nonetheless, the person called Dave and I don't know what was said except for the fact that I need to come back some other time. I asked him to call the guy who fixes the dents. He called that guy and was told that he is booked and I would need to call him and make an appointment. WHAT THE HELL DID I DO IN THE FIRST PLACE? I made an appointment and they didn't honor it.  Dave should have contacted me back, since he had my phone number and apologize and find out what needs to happen in order to make me happy.I contacted Living Social and was given  a refund.  I understand that even with using a Living Social voucher the cost of the repairs might exceed the value and I was prepared to pay extra to get my car fixed right the first time. So I don't want a response saying that I was a cheapskate. Stay away from this D grade operation.
5	Hi There,I have an automotive background in every vertical. I know a lot of dent repair companies, and  car dealers. I took my car to Recon for some dings and bumper work prior to that,I called 4 companies told them the issues and all the quotes that I received were $3-$400 for all the repairs. I finally called Recon, was treated with the upmost phone professionalism ,so I brought my car to the Russell location, Dave immediately  waited on me, walked around my car, identified the problems and quoted me $175.00 for the entire job, I couldn't believe it.I  must admit that I was a little skeptical about how the work would look, since the price was just to good to be true..  I dropped my car off the next day, the job took 3 hours, and when I returned to pick up my car the dings were gone, no more visible scratches, in fact my car looked show room ready and the best part was how great it was to pay 50% less than what everyone else quoted me .I highly recommend Recon to anyone who has dents or dings on their vehicles, you will thank me later.......Have A Positive Day....LT.
