4	Amanda at Butterfly Petals is a true floral artist and her pricing is very affordable. The bride (my daughter) and I met in person with her twice to design the two bouquets, reception centerpieces, 5 bouts, 3 wrist corsages, and the flower girl basket. My husband and son picked up the florals just before the ceremony at Amanda's home office, our order was so small and the ceremony was nearby, so it was better to pick up the flowers ourselves. The one and only error on the order was there were supposed to be ribbons around each centerpiece vase. But we easily tied some extra ribbon around each vase at the ceremony venue. The bride loved the bouquets, the centerpieces were lovely, we were very pleased with all the florals. Amanda added eucalyptus leaves as an accent to the vases and bouquets, all looked beautiful. They truly lasted and were used on Thursday at both the ceremony and reception venues, then again on Saturday at a second informal reception at the newlyweds' home.Amanda is very creative and is a total flower nut, and I say that as a compliment. My daughter wanted a very traditional "look" and was a tiny bit nervous about Amanda, since she features very unusual florals on her website. But Amanda "delivered" with fresh and beautiful flowers in the right colors, the bouquets sized exactly right, and charming accents. Butterfly Petals gets an A minus, only because the ribbons were not on the vases as specified in the order. I would have no hesitation in recommending Butterfly Petals.
5	My wedding flowers were seriously nothing but AMAZING! I had a budget and Amanda figured out how to get use of every penny of it! It looked like we spent thousands upon thousands of dollars on our wedding when we didnt at all! Our wedding was HUGE and Amanda was totally capable of handling our flower load! Let me break it down for you35 Centerpieces...yes 35.NINE bridesmaid bouquets! NINE groomsmen botineers! ONE super amazing grooms boutineer! I mentioned to her that my husband loved suculants...and on his wedding day she found a itty bitty one inch big suculant and put it in his boutineer! ONE bridal bouquet that was simply breath taking! And dont even get me started on the flower arch for the gazino! It was dripping with flowers! LOVED Amanda! Loved her work! Loved her creativity! LOVE LOVE LOVE her!
5	I would not have changed a single thing about our wedding flowers.  Amanda was very patient as I changed my mind a few times in the initial planning about what I wanted.  She offered suggestions based on our budget, checked out my pinterest to see exactly what I liked, and sent me a few quotes so I had an idea of what prices I was looking at based on what I liked.  I finally figured out what worked based on what I wanted and a price compromise.  Our flowers were absolutely stunning and were even more beautiful than I could have imagined.  I had so many compliments on the bouquets, centerpieces, and even the simple ceremony decor.  The price was extremely reasonable, especially for the thorough communication and excellent service provided by Amanda.
5	I cannot say enough great things about Amanda and her team at Butterfly Petals! Every aspect of working with her was a pleasure! I was an out-of-state bride, so I truly appreciated her responsiveness, professionalism, and the quality of her work. I could not have found a better florist for my big day! Every email I sent was replied to within the day! She took the care to understand my vision for the day, and really worked with us to get what we wanted within our (not very large) budget. She even accommodated some last minute changes I had. I absolutely loved Amanda's rustic, and a little funky, style. I loved my air-plants, and even took a few small ones home (and still have them)! I would recommend Butterfly Petals to anyone looking for an awesome florist with reasonable prices, and a bit of flair!My wedding flowers consisted of:1 bridal bouquet,4 bridesmaids bouquets,3 corsages for mothers/grandmothers,10 boutonnieres for all the men,an isle FULL of Ombre petals and lantern accentsawesome saguaro ribs with floral accents4 cocktail tables, a sign in table, 6 guest tables,and a large harvest style head table.PROTIP: The Saguaro Ribs are super AWESOME!
5	I highly recommend Butterfly Petals as your florist for any event.  I worked specifically with Mandy who is a true Florista! She knew exactly what I was looking for after only showing her a few pictures.   Our arrangements were absolutely stunning and we received so many compliments from our bridal party and guests.  Mandy also did a great job working within my budget. I chose to give Mandy and her team some creative leeway to help keep costs down. This allowed them to select floral that was in season and at a reasonable price. During my initial meeting, Mandy made me feel so comfortable and at ease, I had no problem letting her take the reigns. And I was glad I did! Everything turned out beautifully! Thank you Butterfly Petals!
5	Butterfly Petals made our big day so beautiful! Amanda was so easy to work with and everything went so smoothly. We loved the way they incorporated cacti and succulents and even our wedding color blue into our bouquets! The saguaro ribs on our head table was incredible and everyone loved our centerpieces. They did a great job and we would recommend them to everyone!
