4	What a lovely new location on the Royal Mile! It's great to have a new wee Mimi's Bakehouse in the centre of town, but perhaps that is dangerous that it is so close to home!This location is small and only has a few tables, but it is fantasticly convenient for stopping in when heading up or down the Royal Mile. It is adorable with beautiful blue and white decorations, flowers by the main door, an ice cream window in the entryway and a shop overflowing with cupcakes and other beautiful cakes. They also have sandwiches, salads and cold drinks to take on the run. The shop just opened today and, although it is much smaller than the Leith location and without seating, it is great to have the essence of Mimi's cakes and atmosphere in the centre of town. It just opened today and, perhaps because of that, there were five eager staff wanting to serve me and help me make my difficult decision about which cupcake to choose! Everyone was extremely friendly and it was a great experience since Mimi's feels like a little oasis of charm and sweetness. It is a welcome new addition to the Mile!In the end I chose the Oreo cupcake. I brought it home and the cake was moist and delicious, rich chocolate and the frosting was good because it wasn't too sweet like others can be. The Oreo on top was very cute and tasted good, although it had lost its crispness. Mimi's can be a tad on the expensive side and it's not a place my wallet or waistline would like me to stop in every day; that said, it is a delicious treat!
4	The razzle dazzle of Mimi's cupcakes may be more impressive than their taste, but they're still pretty darn good. They do a lot of seasonal flavors, and really have fun with the flavor combinations.Since we're close to Halloween, there's currently red velvet eyeballs and vanilla cupcakes with orange sugar crystals.
4	Really yummy tray bakes !  Selection has been different each time I've been in there so anyways something new to look forward too ! I haven't bought their lunch items yet but they look good and are fresh and reasonably priced. Will try them soon.The cupcakes were good for UK standards. The best part was the icing that was butter cream not "lard" icing.  But I  think I will stick to the delicious tray bakes there instead.
4	Delicate chairs in candyfloss hues, tiny model birds in ornate cages, inviting and rotund jars of sweets on the windowsill, and the cakes, oh the cakes, lining the counter with a riot of colour and a promise of delight... This is my kind of place.Arriving a little early for my meeting over the road, I decided to take advantage of the time by finally sampling the delights of Mimi's, and I am so very glad I did. My day has thenceforth proceeded in a smooth, sweet, sugared manner much befitting a Friday.First of all, that raspberry and chocolate brownie. Now that's how you make a brownie! Big, gooey, and packed full of rich, rich flavour, it was the brownie of my dreams. You could probably have used my fork to perform surgery, I licked it so clean. Then there's that pot of Teapigs tea, which was exactly what I needed. I (most unlike me) didn't put sugar in it, because I think I might have had an aneurysm if I had sugar in my tea alongside a brownie like that. And it was a perfect pairing.The only dropped star here is that I would never have expected a brownie and a pot of tea to come to well over five pounds, but given the size - and oh the quality! - of the thing, it's not entirely unreasonable (slightly, but not entirely). I suppose I could say that this dropped star also covers the fact that every time I stood up, my head ended up instead the birdcage, but actually that would be inaccurate as a) it is my fault I am so very very tall like a gangly spangly heron and b) I quite enjoyed the experience and, had I been alone, might have remained there for some minutes singing and pretending to be the misfit giant birdie among all my teeny weeny feathery friends.I might still be a bit high on sugar.
4	Adorable little bakery for afternoon tea or a treat. I got the caramel shortbread (3 Euro) which was amazing. The shortbread was crumbly and the right level of saltiness to balance out the thick layer of chocolate and caramel, which more resembled butterscotch to me which I think is a really good thing. It was very hard to pick just one thing, everything looked amazing.
