1	Negative 5 stars if I could; this place is AWFUL! Ok it's inside Walmart so I shouldn't expect too much, but I didn't expect to leave bleeding! I needed to get just one nail fixed and since I was already at Walmart...  Sylvia used the nail dremel on the fresh skin ABOVE my cuticle - my finger skin. Naturally it hurt like hell and I started bleeding. She didn't even notice. She also used the dremel underneath my nail to remove extra acrylic where there wasn't any, separating my skin from my real nail and digging around underneath - ouch! I bled there too. Not until she told me to wash my hands did she notice I was bleeding. The whole time she worked on me (total of 10 mins) she had a serious/distracted/scary look on her face. I'm assuming she had her mind on other things, but that's not an excuse to cause me pain. Causing me to bleed with a machine she uses on MANY people's nails (without washing it in between uses, by the looks of it) is how infection is spread. Do NOT go here, no matter what EVER.
3	This place wasn't the greatest but I'm thankful he didn't cut me or anything. He did an ok job but I've had better. If you don't have any special reason you're getting fancied then this place will give you the mediocre job you want. Overall I may not go back
1	"Rude, rude, RUDE!" I too agree that this place is a "NO GO!" I arrived to the salon and ended up waiting what was almost a hour to an hour and a half for my pedicure, which by the way was not that good. By the time I sat in the chair to get my pedicure the guy only filled the tub up with the water to soak my feet, the water was Luke warm to almost cold. After filling the foot tub, I sat there for another 30 minutes before my pedicure!!!! So finally when the lady comes to do my pedicure....she seemed rude. I don't know if she was in a bad mood, but she was not the happiest person, that is probably why my pedicure turned out not so well. I've had better! She was rough with my feet and rude. In fact I had scrapes where she had dug into my skin after the pedicure was done. At the time of the visit also, I asked for a lip and chin wax in which "I did not receive or they had forgotten that I had asked for". I would say that the only thing that I recieved that day that was actually good was the paint job, and that there too was only a pretty good! I gave no tip for that crappy service!
1	awful nail salon ,very rude and unfairBig LIARS as to where your name is on the list I was next on their list and 3 or four ppl went ahead of me and I was told they signed earlier.They have no respect for a list,They wait on who ever they want to first according to cost of service.
4	Hi there, I came in search of a nail salon while on vacation.  Another salon recommended this location because their manicurist was not in that day.  My manicurists name was Khanh, or something similar.  She was very friendly and we spoke of my visit.  I noticed the other patrons in the salon were getting very nice and a reasonable amount of time was spent on them as it was for me.  My girlfriend that came with me also got her eyebrows threaded as well as a pedicure.  I felt the pricing was fair and the amount of time was just right.  When I return to LV I will definitely go back.  I did not have an appointment, but will make one next time to secure my spot.  Again Khanh was very nice.
1	This place is terrible! I was visiting from California and just stopped by Walmart to pick up a few things. Wanted to get my eyebrows done before we left and let me tell you, the employees here act as if they do not want you in there. The wait to get my eyebrows done was 30 minutes! When i told her what I wanted she was pretty rude, and grunted when I asked if she can put an arch in it. If you live in Las Vegas, never stop here.
