5	Pretty store. Brand new and the design is more boutique than regular LB store. They also have a separate section called Cacique that is lingerie and underwear centric. There were some decent sales, 40% clearance but I didn't have my handy coupon so I only bought one item. The sales girls were nice and attentive. I wish I would have had more time to shop because they had some really nice stuff.
2	Phone # is now a residence.
2	went to this store b4 and wow... sorry to say but one employee messed it up for me... I was hunting down a dress i was inlove with and i called all the stores in Vegas... this girl told me "Oh, all the other stores send us all the clearance stuff.. so if it's not here u won't find it anywhere!!! .... omg I drove down there and the dress was there!!!!! freakin lazy a$$$... any ways.. I will never go there again... but I'm sure all the other girls there are nice but this giel was not the bizzznizz
5	Love the staff here!! I love the clothes! Excellent!
1	Really, what's the use in greeting someone, and asking if they can help you find something.  And I tell you what I'm looking for, but you don't even bother to point me in the right direction!  Or even physically show me where the items are!
5	A chain store is a chain store. They will all have relatively the same stock and the same deals. But today I had an experience at the Lane Bryant off Blue Diamond that made me certain this will be my go-to store for my purchases from the brand.I am not a particularly fashionable individual. My mother burned all of her bras in the 70s when that was de riguer and never bought more. I am about to attend the very swank wedding of my husband's brother in the heart of Manhattan, and I am nervous about looking off, especially considering that I am not the svelte girl I used to be.I went to Lane Bryant to find new bras, hosiery and potentially a dress for the glamorous affair. Tatiana helped me try on approximately ten thousand bras, and even gave me excellent recommendations on several outfits to try on for the wedding and reception. She was very good at understanding what worked on me, despite the fact that I am so much shorter than her. I really appreciate the ability to look at someone and give good advice. She even suggested pieces I would not have tried on myself, but really loved (specifically a pencil skirt I ended up taking home). She and the entire staff were so polite, so nice and so accommodating, I could not have been happier. Normally, trying to find clothes for fancy affairs leaves me flummoxed and frustrated that I am not a smaller size. Tatiana and the other ladies at this Lane Bryant store were so incredibly attentive and nice to me that it made a normally stressful situation easy. I am so appreciative of all the work put in to help me make my best impression and I know I will be back again for their advice.
5	Great experience. My salesperson, Marion, was super helpful. Got quite a few cute things; many of which she picked out for me which is what I need!
5	Love this store. The staff is always super helpful and professional. I have shopped other Lane Bryants in the city but this one is the best.
