4	Four stars for a quick-service Mexican chain with a drive-thru? You bet! See, I don't care for Mexican fare. Well, there are a few select items I enjoy, but I usually end up feeling greasy, heavy, and bloated after I consume them. And that goes double for the likes of most fast food joints that specialize in tacos and burritos. But there's some magic happening when lunch time rolls around and someone suggests Taco Time. I am always, always, always in. Heck, I'll even be the first to offer to go pick it up.First of all, Taco Time never smells like burnt beef or grease. Every one I've visited has a clean, pleasant scent. And I've never had to clean my own table before I could sit down. But the menu ... ahhh. Allow me to suggest the chicken crisp burrito, a slightly crunchy flour tortilla gently cradling chunks of all white meat chicken, cream cheese, and green chilies. Or the veggie burrito, accented with real aged cheddar cheese and a sprinkle of sunflower seeds. The seeds, at first, sounded like a terrible idea, but they offer quite a unique flavor and texture to the burrito.Mexi Fries ... are just seasoned Tater Tots. But boy, are they yummy. They even offer stuffed Tater-- I mean, Mexi Fries. And, this location in particular even offers a huge smoothie menu, with such add-ins as protein powder and vitamins.Oh boy. I just ate breakfast, so I probably _should_ wait at least an hour or so to declare "lunch time."
4	When this place first opened up, I was completely addicted.  I'm a creature of habit and a slave to convenience, and seeing as how it's close to everywhere I usually am both of those teamed up to fill me up with so much Taco Time food that I was basically a mobile Taco Time.And hey, it ain't bad for Mexican fast food!  It sure beats the crap out of Taco Bell and was a welcome change.  Their crisp chicken burritos are good, their chicken soft tacos are a delight, and I'm a big fan of their smothered enchilada that they give a funny name which I can't remember at this time.The mexi-fries are awesome.  Sometimes I'm in the mood for the stuffed kind, sometimes I just feel like being a tot purist, and they're always totally good.  But, seriously, it's a tot.  It's hard to mess up the perfection of the tot.  Mmmm, tot.Inside they have a little salsa bar with salsa and ranches and chipotle ranches that make sauce fiends like I really happy.  Also, for the weird ones like me who have distinct ice preferences - They have great ice.  The tiny crushy cube variety that's good for post-soda chewin', not great big hunks of ice.  And they have Cherry Choke.  Always a plus.Once I saw a roach.  I try not to think about that too much, and I know that even the cleanest of places (cause, really, it does look pretty clean) can get the random critter from time to time.  But, I did see a roach and sometimes I CAN'T forget it.
2	The food was decent but DAMN there's a lot of salt in them 'taters!It was 113 degrees out and after a meal at Taco Time I started hallucinating from dehydration.DO NOT go to the Taco Time off the Blue Diamond Road exit off the 15 South. If you do, it'll never be Taco Time again for you. It's not that the food was bad... or different from other Taco Times.... It was the atmosphere. Generally I love a good truck stop, but this is NOT one of those cool kitchy truck stops. Besides the multi-bulbed CASINO sign, there's nothing kitchy about this place.It's just dirty and gross and you'll have no appetite once you get a look at the dining room.
