5	I drove by hundreds of times. It's a Mexican catering truck close for construction workers and unemployed men looking for work. Needless to say I never felt the need to stop, especially since I'm not taking my chances with street food I have heard nothing about, I want to enjoy every meal. My husband is more adventurous for he began to frequent this place about maybe a year ago. One morning after dropping me off at work and tackling a horrendous hangover his usual cure, In N Out was not yet open. He made that left turn on Decatur and Blue Diamond towards Southern Highlands and there he decided to stop at Cukis in desperation! He was so pleasantly surprised. He would not stop talking about it. He got, as he said the most f****** delicious breakfast burrito ever!! He began to go at least twice a week. Sometimes before I was leaving for work in the morning.     He started to bring me this shrimp cocktail, that I refused to eat along with everything else he got from there.  He would take my 6 year old there every morning, She would always get the quesadilla. They would sometimes eat it there. She loved it  there! He began to be well known there, they call him the "Gringo"!  Well i broke down and tasted his burrito (and yes it was very very good), and then the tacos also very tasty and fresh. but it wasn't until I had their shrimp cocktail was I so regretting not trying it!! They call it Cocktail de camarones, although I thought it was a ceviche. Whatever it is it's so so good. Fresh chunks of avocado, beautifully clean tasting tomato sauce, crisp tiny onions and wonderful seasonings and cilantro! It's s light yet so satisfying and healthy. I might be wrong but it really seems that they really take a lot of pride in making it!!     So in conclusion, I had to share this and put this business on our Yelpy map for they really deserve it! By the way, I haven't personally stopped there myself but my husband tells me their clientele has changed a great deal. Sadly, he is not their only "Gringo" anymore and they are a lot busier. Sorry  I don't quite know the hours or days. I'm assuming they are open very early on weekdays and maybe they are done by 5.
5	Really really good Mexican. The couple running it have been for a while and have been nothing but nice!  Been going her for a few years and this place deserves kudos. (Go early before they run out of carne asada). Their potato tacos are on point and are available till the run out. Almost hate to add this review as my secret spot may become too busy!!  That's all I'm sayin
5	Just found this spot while dropping my son off at daycare. Seriously the best tacos I've had in Vegas.
5	I've been driving past this place every day for a year and never stopped. What a mistake. Carne asade that tastes like Philly cheesesteak meat, melt-in-your-mouth braised pollo, sinfully greasy chorizo and earthy pastor tacos for $1.25 each - amazing. And four salsas to choose from including a green tomatillo that was legitimately spicy by my standards.The best tacos come off trucks. Count on that.
