4	Living yoga center just moved from downtown Champaign to a beautiful studio in downtown Urbana. The instructors are so caring an they offer classes for a variety of styles and levels. I highly recommend Mary's flow classes! Mary also has a massage studio called Green Yoga Spa right next door.
5	I highly recommend this yoga center.  Every instructor I've worked with here has been great.  You are not pushed into doing things that are unsafe for your body.  The attitude is supportive - there are classes for different ability levels - you can still do yoga even if you are no longer 23 and can't twist into a pretzel.
4	So my disclaimer is that, prior to last Saturday, I had never ever done anything remotely close to yoga.  That said, I had a great time at their Saturday morning flow class.  Deb is a fantastic instructor: She's really nice, clearly knows what she's doing, and takes the time to give you individual attention (in a very crowded class) and correct your posture so you get the most out of your yoga experience.  The class is also appropriate for advanced yoga-ists as well as for people like, well, me (though perhaps barely: I spent the first 20 minutes wondering how the sldkfj;lajfkljsdaf anyone could ever find this torture fun before somehow getting into it).  And I definitely got into it: I don't know if it's the yoga itself and/or the awesome instruction, but two hours later I walked out feeling both energetic and refreshed, and totally ready to tackle my busy day.  The sore abs kicked in the night of, and the screaming deltoids the next morning.  Meh.  I'll be going back for more this Saturday ;)
5	This is a really nice yoga center, with excellent deals on class cards/monthly memberships.  In Boston, I used to drop-in to a local studio's weekly-super-cheap-class ($5 drop-in fee).  It was a great little studio, but clearly I'm not in Boston anymore.  Here, I can get a 15-class card and it ends up costing me less than $5/class (with a generous 20% student discount), and I can take any classes I want!  Pretty sweet deal.  Their monthly unlimited-class membership costs $65.  Also not bad.  All prices are as of the writing of this review of course.  Check out their website for detailed info.The studio itself is very cozy and I felt comfortable right away.  It's on the second floor so there is a sense of privacy, but you still get the wonderful natural light streaming in through the large windows.  I came for Hayli's Gentle Hatha class and she was great.  People in the class ranged in age from 20-somethings to 50-somethings.  The environment felt very supportive and, while I felt we were encouraged to test our limits, there was emphasis on accepting what your body is capable of doing in this moment.  All in all, everything an excellent yoga class should be.  Afterwards, I felt thoroughly relaxed and well-stretched.I'm looking forward to trying out other classes here.  The Partner Yoga class sounds fun and unique (never seen a class like that elsewhere) and they seem to offer a great variety of classes.
5	The Living Yoga Center is Champaign-Urbana's finest yoga center; after having attended classes around town, I have come to find this place is truly the best.  To start, they have a glowing staff of experienced and compassionate instructors and mentors.  Their variety of classes highlight individual talents and skills to practice, at all levels and to fit any schedule.  The instructors suit each practice to the individual, they encourage their students to not be afraid of trying new things but only as they are comfortable.  Their class rates are competitive and various discounts and deals are offered with memberships.  The overall philosophy of the yoga center is one of learning, acceptance, and personal growth.  I started here as a newcomer three years ago and I have grown immensely after such high quality guidance in my practice. Also, they are attached to a peaceful spa and body works center, Green Yoga Spa, which provides a perfect compliment to the overall atmosphere. Check this place out whether you are new or experienced, great people, great space, great vibes!
