4	Friendliest F-ers (FedEx-ers) I've ever encountered! Well staffed with employees who actually want to help you and aren't there to try and gouge you in upgrades and weights and ish. Maybe that's just how Wisconsin folk are, though. I got something printed at this location for $2.50 that according to the Illini F-ers, was going to cost me AT LEAST $39.99... whatta buncha crooked copiers.
4	I've used this place for work projects a number of times now, and I just feel like I have to publicly praise them. These people are SO FAST.I'm a big email/text person as opposed to phone calls, so I was overjoyed to find out how quickly this place responds to emails - like, "send-in-a-question-at-2 pm-get-an-answer-by-2:30" quick. And then! You place your order, and get a phone call within a couple hours to tell you it's ready for pickup. One time it was 20 minutes for me, no joke.I've never had any complaints about quality or pricing either, although I've only ever placed simple orders (getting color copies printed in large quantities). But for those simple orders, their promptness really cannot be beat.
1	Normally I'm really happy with this Fedex location. I had a HORRIBLE experience here this morning with the Assistant Manager, who provided a textbook example of enforcing policy without purpose.Unhappy.
3	Understaffed, but great people. The wait is usually very long. One Saturday, there was only one woman working and I waited about half an hour. A few people waiting even got impatient and left. Other than the wait, the service I get is always good and the employees are in good spirit and efficient (even with a line of frustrated customers). Expensive, but I guess that's what I get for being too lazy to wrap my own packages.
1	This place is terrible. Came here to scan some images and everything was coming out overexposed because there was no way to adjust the color. Asked a team member, they said "it scans how it scans" - a trip to the internet told me where to find the software on the computer that'll let me actually control the color. Wasted a whole bunch of money on the time spent using their slow, worthless software and after finally getting decent scans through the right software, I told the team member that it is possible. But apparently they aren't allowed to tell you how to properly use their equipment. And the guy was the least helpful brick wall I've ever talked to. Go to another fed ex - I've met much smarter, more helpful team members at other locations.
1	Asked them to open up a file on my portable hard drive since their outdated copier couldn't handle opening the file (and one of them was broken) and then was told by the clerk that I would have to wait 24 hours for an order since they were so backed up. This even after I told them I only needed for copies of this particular document. This place is a joke.
