4	This Regal theater is not too far from where we live, so it's convenient. Park in the garage that's near the theater, so it won't be a zig zag walk around the casino. Don't forget to use your Regal card to accumulate more points. Bonus offers in the food court right next to the box office: show your ticket stub to Fatburger and save 10%, or go to Baja Fresh to save 20%! If you don't want to use the box office, there are a couple self-service kiosks to the right of the entrance/exit doors.Unlike many of the movie theaters that have been around a while, it's still pretty clean (the seats), and kept up regularly (maintenance). I also really like the fact that whenever we come see a movie here, it's relatively slow (wait a minute, that could be a bad thing- ie. business being slow, uh-oh). It's a two floor theater with concession stands on both but the one that is open all the time (consistently) is the one on the main floor. Theaters 11-18 are on the second floor. The last few movies we've seen here have been on the second floor. This floor is very clean- never any trash lying around. Immediately following the end of the movie, the staff comes in to clean up any messes left by moviegoers- it's like clockwork. The last theater we went to had a strange huge amount of wasted space in the front (no seats)- don't know why, but worth mentioning, so if you happen to go into that particular theater, you were forewarned. There is a single bathroom that you will see first (handicap access?). The regular bathrooms (more stalls) are down a little further.
4	Located right next to the food court, Regal  has never let me down here. I like watching movies here just because it's close to home and it's not packed with a bunch of people. I have not yet had any bad experience watching movies here. The staff is friendly and it's fairly clean. Try to get a regal card because sometimes you can get free drinks or popcorn. Plus it's FREE!
5	I really do like this theater.The prices are okay (for what passes for movie prices these days), the place never seems full, the staff is friendly....My last two times have been interesting there.  The first of two, we were watching a film when a bunch of emo kids thought they would try to be the next "Mystery Science Theater 3000" crew.  Granted, they were probably too young to catch the reference, and were completely unfunny to remotely hang at that level, but between the staff and the patrons that had enough of these self-humoring yuksters, they were eventually removed.  All they needed were the old laser pointer gimmicks of the 1990's, and they would have completed their triad of buffoonery.The last time I went, their hot dogs weren't ready.  Rather than make us wait around, management personally brought the concessions to us in our theater seats just in time for the lights to go down and the previews to come up.  Wow.  That's customer service.  Totally unexpected, but it's things like that that definitely wins my continued patronage.The screens are nice.  They have digital projection and 3D projection.  The theaters are clean, it's in a convenient location....  Really, it's everything I need from a theater experience.Everyone has their own preferred theater.  This one has definitely become mine.
4	I think it's kinda hard to review a movie theater and give it an exceptionally high or low score. I mean, what's the criteria? You want prices that don't break the bank, expect the place to be clean, and hope there aren't any talkers or babies during the movie. Having said all that...I like this movie theater. I think the prices are fair ("fair" being relative when prices are so high everywhere) and I like the fact that the food court is right there so you can grab an over-priced bite right after the movie. I think the place is pretty clean most of the time, both in the theater portion as well as the bathroom. The upstairs concession stand never seems to be open, though I never go during peak hours when it's probably jam-packed. The people who work there seem pretty nice, which is a huge plus.This might sound dumb, but I think this movie theater sounds better than some of the other ones in town. Like I was just at the IMAX at the Palms (Transformers Dark of the Moon!) and the picture there was phenomenal. But the movie theater didn't dazzle me with it's sound quality. This movie theater did. I don't know if it was because the sound is legitimately better here (hard to believe) or what, but still. Not that I do such things, or even condone them, but this is definitely one of those movie theaters where you can go watch one movie, then sneak into another one.
3	As far as it goes compared to other theaters this one is pretty run of the mill. Moderate sized screens and seating but dissapointed that they don't have digital projection. My personal view is that since going out to the movies is so expensive, I prefer places that focus on both visual and sound quality so that's why I was harsher with this place.
4	Straight up this theater is the bomb. The employees were more than awesome here, helpful, courteous and even asked how the movie was as we were walking out. We had ran into some people in front of the ticket booth trying to sell what may have been tickets, not really sure as I wasn't biting that line. I walked up to the ticket counter and brought it to the attention of management who then called security and had it handled. Come to find out the tickets weren't legit. This place was clean, chairs were comfortable, the snacks and sodas were great, overall a good movie theater experience. I will come back here in the future.
4	This place is pretty much empty most of the time.. so if you do not want to see anyone you know this is probably a good place to go lol... the good thing is that they have 18 rooms, and they always have the latest movies. also the food court is just outside the movies and if you feel like doing something else after, you can always gamble or go bowling!!
4	I had the pleasure of attending the showing of the new Movie "42" with my mother at this theater. Because we went for the early show we pretty much had an empty theater even though this movie is currently a box office leader. The seats are very comfortable, the theater very clean. The screens are high quality and the sound system is great. The movie "42" did not disappoint a wonderful film not just about the documentation of US history, baseball history but a well told love story. Jackie Robinson had a great love for his wife. This theater was a big favorite and I certainly will return to this theater in the future. FYI I have no knowledge of the concession stand as I have been very diligent in staying away from this type of food :)
3	The movie theatre was fine but it was SO packed and kind of messy on a Friday night.
3	If you want to watch a movie in peace, this would be the place to go. On a weekday, in the morning or early afternoon, naturally. Or really late night haha! but im sure Texas Station is usually empty! However, the seats were a little uncomfortable and the sound was a little quiet for such a large theatre.But, I didn't realize how huge this theatre was--there was an escalator to another set of theaters! woah! clearly it was my first time here. the seats and aisles were extremely clean and there was absolutely no line for food--my kind of place for a quiet night out on the town!
2	Pretty similar to most station movie theaters... The only thing I was not impressed with was the food and the cleanliness... Concession food was smaller than most theaters.. Example the hot dog was smaller than the ones you buy at the groceries but still costed $7!!... Very dark and dingy atmosphere.. Looked like nothing had ever been wiped down... Went into the ladies room and smelled horrible, was again dark and dingy, half the toilets were clogged with crap and toilet seat covers and trash was all over the floors... This was on a very slow Sunday night and I saw plenty of workers walking around but no cleaning going on.. The actual theatre wasn't bad though.. Very large!... I wouldn't come back to this theatre again!
3	Saw a movie here because I had to work afterwards and this was the closest theater. First off, I waited over 10 min in line when there were only about 3 parties ahead of me and I was almost late for my movie (previews were almost done by the time I got in). They need to have more than 1 or 2 box office cashiers, especially on a Saturday. The theaters here are small, but it was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon so size wasn't an issue. The theater was set up in stadium style seating, however, the seats didn't move or recline like other Regals and theaters I've been to in town. This made the movie a little uncomfortable because I had to sit stiff in my chair the whole time. Movie quality and sound were about on par with any other theater in Vegas.
1	We went to the movies last night and stopped to get some popcorn. The line was normal for a Saturday night. As we're waiting, we realize, we're not moving...granted, we got there at 7:15 and our movie started at 7:15...we waited in line for 30 mins. C'mon guys, seriously??
4	Get to the movies early to get a good seat.
3	It's always nice to get away for a movie. The cashier made sure to offer everyone in the group a regal card, which was nice.  The only problem at the concession stand.  I earned a free drink with my regal points tonight.  The cashier at the concession stand applied it during the ring up process, but upon receiving the receipt, I noticed he managed to charge me instead.  It was already time for my movie ti start, so there was no time to go correct it.
2	I normally go to RED ROCK CASINO...but a friend wanted to meet here!  Thank god we were alone in our movie GONE GIRL cause I think we woulda 1. Been shanked or 2. Rolled over by smokey seniors .... NEVER AGAIN...service clerks were kind though!
5	At the movies. We r all going to watch a different movie that is what is great about the movie theater. And what is even better u can play games before and after ur movie. W/the arcade near by. The food court is near by so u can get something to eat before if u donot want to eat popcorn. Do NOT to forget to get ur regal card BC u can get free stuff when u use ur card. U use it every time u purchase a movie ticket and when u get snacks at the snack area. The free stuff includes free movie, free snacks. So go on now www.regalmovies.com and get ur free card, its that easy.            Today its time to laugh Mao lol
5	Took my kids to see a horror movie at Texas Station, where I rarely go because I live near other theaters. When we get to the ticket booth I say "Three for such-n-such movie" and we walk in. Later on, I'm thinking "Gee that was expensive" and I look at the tickets and realize they've charged us for three adults. I figure I'll just catch the booth on the way out and see if they will refund me the difference - no biggie, because it was my own fault for not mentioning children.  But about 2/3 through the movie, my kids get too scared and want to leave - so we do. On the way out we hit the booth and I explain that through my own fault I overspent on the tickets, forgetting to note that two of our party were kids. All I wanted, if possible, was the difference between two adult tickets and two kids tickets, roughly 7 dollars total.  Instead, without being asked, they voluntarily refunded us the entire $34.50, noting that we hadn't stayed for the whole movie. Now that's classy customer service. I will now go to Texas theatre as my first choice!
4	Hard to find from the parking lot. Once you are in the Casino - you'll be fine. It is close to the kids play zone. Theater sound and screen were good and I had no complaints about my movie going experience. Staff was friendly too.
