1	Food was cold when it came out and the service is not so hot either. The waitress seemed like she was doing us a favor to take our order. So with that being said, Do yourself a favor and go to somewhere better for BBQ like Farmers on Mallard Creek Church road or Shane's off WT Harris. Both are cheaper and the food is wayyyyy better than this Sonny's. We will not be returning to this location ever again after our experience today.
1	My husband and I decided to eat some lunch at Sonny's in Concord.  That was a big mistake!  We asked the waitress what was on the $5.99 lunch special plate and she said you get two pieces of chicken, white or dark, french fries, slaw and garlic bread.  She or you can have any meat of your choice.  We chose the white meat chicken.  When our meal came there was a small wing and half of a chicken breast!You could see where the breast was cut in half.  She tried to tell us that sometimes the pieces are small.  I told her don't even go there.  I know the difference from a small piece of chicken and one that has been cut in half.  I have cooked chicken all my life and I know what I am talking about!  They refused to make it good and we will never ever go there again because they are cheating the customers and we did not get what we paid for!!!!  They really do not even deserve one star!!!!!bev christenbury
4	The dry rub ribs and homemade macaroni and cheese was very good. Penny our server was very attentive to our table and service was great!
4	I don't know why people are hating on Sonny's.  Don't go into it expecting a super classy meal or anything high end.  I think of Sonny's as the TGIFridays or Applebees of BBQ, meaning that it's consistent, tasty, and suited for every palate.  But that doesn't mean it's horrible.  My typical order is the pulled pork sandwich on Texas toast.  It's delicious slathered in their sweet sauce.  I've never had cold food or bad service at this location and I know I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
1	We must have had invisible paint on!  After the hostess sat us 3-5 waitresses went by and did not even look our way, say Hi or anything!  We left & no one saw us leave!
4	Sonny's wasn't bad at all.  I've seen many billboards but never tried it.  Service was fine and friendly.  Ribs were good and meaty.   I like this place more then the other BBQ place in concord.
4	Dry rub ribs were awesome. Great smoke, tender, but not too tender where all the meat falls off the bone when you take a bite... Sides are kind of mediocre and an afterthought.
5	Great BBQ. This is not your carolina style, vinegar based BBQ. This is more like Florida que where you drown your meat with thick BBQ sauce. They have an all you can eat pulled pork special everyday for $12.99. Whatever you come for I'm sure you'll be pleased.
3	Hey, it's Sonny's! The wife and I stopped in for a quick bite before catching a movie last week. The service was super fast and friendly. I ordered the pulled pork platter w/ mac n cheese, slaw and garlic bread. The mac n cheese was good, not great. Same with the slaw. The pulled pork was average. It definitely needs some sauce. I do like Sonny's' sauces, especially the Sizzling Sweet. Now, the garlic bread, to me, is still the star of the dish. Take that for what it's worth.
1	When the parking lot was empty at 6:30 on a Friday night, we should have realized the warning signs of a bad meal coming. The host took forever to pick one of the many empty tables at which to seat us. There were no issues with the speed or relative friendliness of service, except that there were no refills offered until our meal was complete. Our main concern was the very poor quality of the food. I am a certified BBQ judge with ten years of competition experience. I have seen a lot of Q, good, bad, and in between. This was bad pork. It was very poorly pulled. All fat and grease. No good pprtions of meat at all. The color was gray and the texture was slimy. The taste was marred significantly by the poor meat quality. The portion was shockingly small. Our sides were also sub par. We try a lot of BBQ on our travels and this was a highly regrettable experience. The kid's meal chicken tenders were good. Order that if you must eat here.
1	I arrived to customers standing outside the door, after waiting for 25 minutes. While standing in line I overheard the kitchen staff telling the waiters all the food has been in the Window so long that it was all cold, that same food was still taken out and served. I was finally greeted by the seating host. I was a party of one and was taken to my table and seated at a table that had used dishes, cups ect... still on the table. I sat there for 5 minutes before getting up to leave. It's a wonder how this place stays in business with all the other options.  I am being generous when I give 1 star.
3	Not great but not bad either
4	Stopped by for lunch on the way to the aquarium with the kids. The waitress was great and was patient with my kids and answered all out questions about the menu. I settled on the Pitmaster Burger. Talk about meat on meat on meat on meat. This thing had a burger patty (not a bad one) topped with bacon, sausage and bbq pork with some kinda cheese and french fried onions. My inner fat girl was in heaven! Ordered the baked sweet potato and was a little sad that the cinnamon butter that comes with it was prepackaged country crock spread. Oh well. It was still de-mother-freaking-licious! I'll definitely be back when i'm in town.
3	I had their sliced pork. Very good. I also had the cornbread, also tasty. The barbeque beans were not up to par tonight.  Our server was ever-present and good at her job.
3	I thought I liked Sonny's so maybe it was just this place, but the food tasted like it was all premade frozen dinners that were reheated.The service was really excellent though.  My companion got the endless ribs and his plate was never empty.
