5	The service is a little gruff here, at least in my experience, but the pizza is delicious--and cheap!  Eight bucks and some change for a large cheese pizza with a perfect cheese-to-sauce ratio and a nice, thin crust.  And cheese cuts are one buck!
4	Mmmmm delicious pizza at a great price.I got a pie last time I was in town will defiantly be back! Service was straight forward, just order what you want and come back in 10-15 minutes for the goodness.I ordered a medium (14") pie 1\2 pepperoni 1\2 mushroom for $9.10 ($7.50 + $1.60). Took a quick 10 minute walk and our pie was ready for us to grab a seat outside and enjoy.Perfect location to grab a bite to eat and watch the world go around.Ingredients were very fresh, the cheese was delicious and the crust was nice and crisp. They offer pies, hoagies and calzones... sticking to what they are good at.I will definitely be back to enjoy another slice.
5	This is my go to spot for walking distance pizza (even though I love Spak Bros, my wallet favors Pizza Italia). It's cheap and it's quality. The lady who works there is always real friendly. I could eat this every week and not get sick of it. Just a good straight forward mom and pop pizza pie. You know what I'm saying. 9 bucks and some change for a nice large for a night you don't feel like cooking. They don't do specials, if you ask, they'll say their normal prices are specials. Just like Shur Save.
4	Six words can succinctly sum this place up: Good neighborhood pizza on the cheap!The interior is a bit rough-looking and the service is sort of endearingly yinzer. Nothing wrong with that, considering it IS a neighborhood dive. Their pizza is definitely a notch above the rest and their prices are very reasonable. Unfortunately, they don't do too many specials and their menu is pretty run-of-the-mill. It's definitely a traditional New York-style pizza kind of place (in other words, no crazy/awesome combinations or vegan options - sorry).In the end, you really can't go wrong with Pizza Italia. Just head down the street and pick up the new Woody Allen from Dreaming Ant and you're set for the night!
4	Super cheap prices and ready quickly.  I got the extra large cheese and demolished about two-thirds of it.  No fancy "gourmet" pizzas on the menu.  You just tell them what you want, and they make it.  Simple + tasty + affordable = repeat customer.
5	OMG , I Found one of the VERY BEST Hot Sausage WITH CHEESE sandwiches that I have EVER tasted. Pizza Italia is a wonderful small business ( and I LOVE Small Buz ! ) You should check with your cardiologist before ordering these fine delicacies. This is a great balance of fine Italian hot sausage with onions and souses.  They even speak Italian to each other !Pizza-hut can burn in hell ! This is how it should be done !!!Also , The Prices are very reasonable.
4	They have really good pizza for really cheap. Bloomfield rocks!
4	I have never heard of Pizza Italia last week, let alone eaten a thing from them.  Shame, shame on me for not doing so earlier.  I trusted my friend when I was informed that not only was the pizza good, but I'd be wanting more.  There was no lie in that statement whatsoever.  We got a medium and large pizza with pepperoni.  Unlike typical places where you get the big slices of pepperoni thrown on top without a care, here you get the smaller, more true pepperoni that is strategically placed to maximize your chance of getting pepperoni in every bite.  What's also good about this pepperoni is that it curls up perfectly to create that awesome little bowl for grease to collect.  You know, that grease that you have to just dip your crust in.Yes, I did rip my crust off before I got to it just so I could enjoy my fattening myself.  No judging allowed!However, I cannot give you five stars PI (I like that, pi, pizza pi, such a connection).  You do not deliver.
5	We have been looking for a great pizza in Pittsburgh, and finally found it.
4	I stopped by here this past Tuesday evening with my girlfriend and another dining companion for dinner.  We decided to come here after after reading all of the good Yelp reviews.  It is a pretty easy place to find as it is right on Liberty but I was a bit disappointed whenever I walked inside.  You see we were looking at eating it there and they have no tables.  Thankfully it was nice outside and they did have a couple of seats in front although that left us subjected to the cigarette smoke of the workers and a crazy group of loud people right next to us.For our dinner we decided to order a XL cheese pizza and also a large white pizza.  We started with the white pizza and boy did it hit the spot.  The crust was crunchy, the garlic and herbs in the oil sauce were tasty and the cheese was decent as well.  Our red pizza was a similar experience as I imagine the cheese and crust were the same and while the red sauce was good, it lacked a little of the oomph that white sauce had.  Overall though they were two very solid pizzas that I enjoyed.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  The prices were good and the pizza good as well, now if they only had some inside seating.
3	Another great day at the Bloomfield pool led me to another awesome eatery in Bloomfield. I seen a nice bunch walking out with yummy fresh pizza slices & noticed  the sign stating $1.50 pepperoni slices. Say no more! :)our pizza was yummy & we tried the pepperoni roll for $2.75. I seriously expected one of those little pepperoni house rolls from other shops (which are great btw) but nope! it was literally 10x bigger than expected. We split it & could've eaten 3 more. I don't want to hype it up though, because they weren't extremely generous on the pepperoni in the roll. no spot was empty, but I just prefer like 3 layers of it, haha. But all in all it was good pizza & food at an extremely cheap price with friendly workers. We'll be back!
4	If i was rating the sandwiches and whole pizzas, it would definitely be five stars all the way.   However their single slices are horrible.  I thought they would heat them up after the slices sit in the heater area.  I asked for extra sauce, thinking that the slices will be heated.  I was given a slice of pizza with cold sauce.
4	You want pizza? You'll getta pizza. It's good. Definitely my go-to for price and quality, but, despite being my standard, it doesn't have that extra je ne sais quoi that would make a five star slice. By the slice pizzas often sit for awhile, and though a slice is only $1.30, they're only about 30% of a slice wide, so I'd recommend going in for a whole pie.
4	Basic pizza. Pretty solid, not too expensive and open till 11:00 on weeknights. Really not much to complain about.
