1	Very upset w Shutter Crafters! Ordered shutters over 9wks ago (was told 4-6wks) n they lost my order and have had my deposit this entire time. Salesman Scott Bray n manager Amber won't return calls. Not sure if this company is getting ready to close their doors or just simply unprofessional. Regardless, I'm out $1000 and I don't have my shutters!
1	This company is HORRIBLE to deal with. They installed shutters in my home, the wood was warped and therefore the panels did not fit flush with the framing. The wood also had lots of chips and dings. I called the office and was told that they needed to send the sales person back to my home to view the product...(not sure why) Anyway, they scheduled Holly to come back to my home the following week. However, Holly never called nor showed up. Little did I know this was the beginning of a nightmare. Long story short...I started this process 2 months ago and I am still fighting with them to replace the shutters (since they won't refund me the money) They rarely call to give any updates and when they do it's incorrect information.
3	.........,,..
1	6 mos later and still NO shutters! have finally contacted the registrar of contractors since the BBB is NOT an enforcement agency. Shuttercrafters wanted to discount my shutters and for me to pick them up and install them myself which will void my warranty and not guarantee me that these will actuallyt fit. I just remodeled my entire home, dealt with over 11 different contractors over the past 8 mos and not one has even come close to the unprofessionalism and thievery that Shuttercrafters has!  This company has robbed me out of $1000 and left me high and dry!
1	Did not deliver. Would not return deposit Paid deposit. Promised delivery came and went with no contact. Promised delivery again. Came and went with no contact. Promised to return deposit several times but did not. Filed BBB complaint. Again said would return deposit but did not. Filed ROC complaint and finally returned deposit. 7 months later.
5	I am in shock over the previous reviews.  That is not at all the company we dealt with.  The owner came out in January and measured all of our windows and advised it would be about 6 weeks if I remember correctly.  All of the workers were professional, courteous and efficient workers.  I have nothing bad to say about Shuttercrafters only excellent feedback!!  We have had the shutters up for just over nine months and they have been wonderful keeping out the phoenix summer.  When the weather is nice like it is now I can open the shutters and welcome a wonderful breeze into our home!I am sure many are skeptical about the many negative reviews that have been posted here about this company.  Well I did a little research on my own to find out there was one customer who was unhappy for whatever reason.  We all know "those type" never happy looking for quality at a budget price...  Well apparently this person not only left horrible feedback but also had all of her friends do the same.  Classy right?  You can even tell they are all based around the same time frame!!Bottom line is we are paying customers of this company and they did a fantastic job, and the work is guaranteed!!  Would i recommend them?  Absolutely!!!  This is high quality hand crafted work, yes it takes a while to get the final product but in the end you have something that not only looks great but will last you a life time!!  I stand by my review and I hope it helps answer any doubt you may have about this company!
