1	So yesterday my Wife had an appointment and we had a 2HR wait before she got to see the DR just to get refills on her scripts. Why they over book I have no idea . And  why the waiting room is so small with that many people.? Everyone in the room was upset over the wait..... It killed our day by having to wait an EXTRA 2 HRS. If you show up late for you appointment they will turn you away. If you go here take a book with you so you have something to do.
1	a lot of money for nothing , I stilla to have my problem and I still to pain.
5	I have suffered with Chronic Pain since 1999. I have over the years seen several good pain management Doctors. I have had both a Lumbar and Cervical Disc Fusion Surgeries.As often happens after years the condition gradually gets worse. If finally got to the point that I had no quality of life!!! It wasn't until my Cervical Surgery was performed and my health was so bad that I asked a dear friend of over thirty years who is a Doctor where I could go for help. He recommended Dr. Jaswinder Grover because he is well known for repairing messed up surgeries. So I went to see him. At that time it was a year after my Cervical Surgery and I was still having to wear a neck brace. The best thing I ever did for myself!!! By this time my daily pain level was at a ten. I was waking up everyday with tears in my eyes due to the pain being so severe!!! I had now become Disabled! Dr. Grover recommended that I try his Pain Management Dr. so I did. I can't say enough how awesome Dr. Ghuman is!!! I thank God everyday for him. If you are really sincere about not wanting a pill pusher and a Dr. that truly cares and listens to his patients then Dr. Ghuman is the right Dr. for you!!!I even take my father to him who is in his 80's. I trust him completely with my own care as well as that of my father. Yes sometimes there is a wait but rest assured it is only because these Doctors are truly giving each and every patient the care that they need. To be honest I have never found the wait time excessive!!! They always try to give each and every patient the personalized care they need!!!PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ONLY REASON I HAVE EVER CHANGED DOCTORS IS BECAUSE OF EITHER INSURANCE OR THE DOCTOR RETIRED!With spinal injuries each and every patient is different and this is such a complicated area of medicine. I find the entire staff caring and compassionate. Dr. Ghuman is so awesome with Senior care as well as care for all of his patients.
5	I still continue to give these Doctors especially Dr. Ghuman and Dr. Grover a five star rating. As they are by far the best in the Pain Management field that I have ever found in Las Vegas. I trust Dr. Ghuman so much that I even bring my elderly father to him. Their is good and then there is excellent. These Dr.'s I rate as excellent. I wouldn't even consider another practice taking over my Pain Management. They take pride in their work and it shows.
5	Love this place....I feel much than the day I walked in 8 mos ago. An all in one place. No driving all over town. Great staff
