1	I went into this Burger King, as I do every day for lunch, to get a quadruple Whopper meal with a King-sized fries and XXL diet Chocolate shake.  When I ordered, the person behind the counter took my hard-earned money and came back and gave me what looked like a BIG MAC!!!!!!What the fuck???  If I wanted a nasty, processed, non flame-broiled Big Mac, I'd go to Wendy's.  I eat Burger King and ONLY Burger King.  So I politely asked the man behind the counter "What the fucking shit is this, you faggot???  I axed for a Whopper so get your head out of your Mom's cunt and GIVE ME A MOTHERFUCKING WHOPPER NOW!!!!!"Just as I was about to throw a molotov cocktail at the fry cook rather than order something else on the menu that is exactly the same as the Whopper, I saw none other than "The King" himself come from behind the counter with my delicious fat-free Quadruple Whopper on a plate made of solid gold.  I realized that I was part of a hilarious hidden camera gag and loosened my chokehold on the girl with Down's syndrome who was refilling the ketchup and moved the shard of glass away from her jugular.  I chuckled and promptly apologized to the employees and customers who I had scared with my voice-raising and tard-choking and happily took my food to the parking lot to eat in my Honda Del Sol as I do every day.  I took my first bite of the Whopper and realized - THERE ARE ONLY THREE PATTIES ON THIS THING!!!By then it was too late to raise another fuss and I had to get back to my job at Chick-Fil-A.  I am, however, currently trying to build a super laser so that I can vaporize that Burger King for fucking up my Whopper.  I will never forget.
1	I went in hurr and i was like, i am going ti get myself some nuggets. Ya girl gotta have nuggets and fries. The service was slow because there be a lotta people. The lady gave asked me what kinda sauce i wanted and i say "sweet & sour" snd she say "k". So i went in mah car and i ate. And i say that the nuggets were soggy and bland , the sauce tastes bad and the fries were nashty because they were also soggy and bland.
1	So I stopped by this Burger King to grab some food really quick, the slowest service I have ever gotten at a "FAST FOOD" joint. We got up to the order board within a few minutes but then spent almost 20 minute just getting up to the counter then had to wait another few minute at the window. The gal at the window still never acknowledge us or even turned around, after waiting a little longer we finally left because it was a completely waste of time!
5	Went there and we were told to wait for our food but since we had to wait the cashier was super nice and offered free ice cream and drinks friendly worker
