4	Your own review of this place will come down to what you like. I like good drink prices and a nice dance floor, so this place has a good start in my book. I've been here on a Thurs-Sat night and it's always a good time. On Thursdays the upstairs dance floor is closed, and there is a mobile DJ set up on the first floor. It can be a drag if nobody is out, but there are plenty of tables and seats at the bar to keep you comfortable. On Fridays and Saturdays this place really packs it in. The dance floor seems to be built on a weak foundation because it bounces up and down. Not necessarily a bad thing; I think it's rather cool. The wait time for drinks is average and the bar staff is friendly. My only gripe against this place is the first floor restroom. Every time I've been there, there's been an inch of water (I hope that's water) on the floor. Clean that stuff up.
5	Jimmy D's is an excellent bar in an excellent city. If youre looking for good music, good dancing, cheap drinks, and lots of yinzers, head to Jimmy D's. Even if you don't like Jimmy D's at first, you can walk down the street to one of the hundreds of other bars in the southside. I went on a Saturday night and the dance floor was packed and the music was great. Definitely a must see if you are in Pittsburgh. Long story short it is a great place to blackout.
1	Bouncers are assholes working with the cops to generate revenue.  Be careful if you go here.
3	Right up front I have to dock a star for smoking.  Ew.  Gross!  It needs to just be all non smoking....oh to go home and not smell like an ash tray!Jimmy D's was WAY different back in the day when I went there. I knew it had good music...but it had been a while.  I'm not a house music type of girl, I need some down and dirty jams!  So going to Villa first was a total bust. Not a house music fan.This place plays the good stuff.  Lots of Rap, R & B and old school jams! The stuff you can get down with!  Since I'm a total old head now, I want to hear some Biggie mixed with some LMFAO and some dirty Dougie tunes!  You'll find that all here.The drinks are CHEAP cheap cheap here, with well drinks and domestic beers being under $3...YES!  I get grumpy if I have to pay over $5 for anything in the Burgh!  So I'm into this.  The ONLY weird thing was that the floor upstairs shook with every bounce and step.  It was pretty dead when we got there, but once everyone was on the dance floor, it was bouncing pretty hard.  I mean, if the floor gave way, they'd be a lot of good lawsuits going...so hopefully that doesn't happen....but I'd say it's a little weird to feel the floor shake below you...I guess that's the price you pay for the good jams...
5	Jimmy D's is the best in the soutside for what it is. So now you ask yourself, what is Jimmy D's? Simple, Jimmy D's is that dirty grinding, sweaty, get drunk and have a great time bar. I usually start my night somewhere else, a slower bar, dive-ish, meet some new people, maybe some women if I find some dumb enough to talk to me, but it always seems to end up at Jimmy D's. We've all been there, about half way to hammered drunk something happens in our hips. It's almost tribal. The thumping of bass just makes you wanna shake your booty. One minute you are sitting at your booth sipping on your micro brewed beer, the next, you are dancing with the bartender on top of the bar. THIS IS A SIGN YOU NEED TO LEAVE AND GO TO JIMMY D's. Once at Jimmy D's you will find a huge group of people in the same situation as you. Drunk, happy, and thinking they can dance.. It's everything a dance club in Pittsburgh should be, random old dudes grinding on younger women, drunk sorority girls dancing with themselves (and when you try and dance with them they give you that "never in a million years" look) and then there are the normal people. The people who are there to get funky and have a good time. Bottom line is if you are going to be dancing in pittsburgh, you'd be lucky to find yourself here.
4	Love Jimmy D's! It just gets so crowded!!! I'm glad they remodeled it to accommodate more people, and they've started actually counting everyone that goes in. There is a different DJ upstairs and downstairs on a busy night, and the drinks are very reasonable. The atmosphere is very laid back, and everyone is just there to have a good time. This is definitately one of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.
3	I came here on a Saturday Night and found the place filled nearly wall-to-wall. I have never seen at Pittsburgh dance club at such a capacity! I liked that there were so many other people, but it was a hassle having to meander to one bathroom serving two floors. The crowd was disrespectful. There were several guys who just walked up to my friends and started dancing on us. Seriously? The walls were also lined with guys just staring at people dancing. It was pretty much a 21+ frat party.The music was okay. The DJ played songs that my group enjoyed but had difficulty transitioning between tracks a few times.There was a $5 cover with free admission for students with their student ID.Also note that smoking is permitted, but I only see a few people seize the opportunity on the second floor.
3	Decent... 3.5 This was my 2nd adventure here. I don't remember my first time so that's why the review waited. hahaThere are two floors. From the first floor, it looks like a regular ol' bar. It has some tables on the back wall.. & a bar of course.Upstairs there is another bar and the dance floor. We enjoyed ourselves here for St. Patty's day. They made electronic mixes from everything to Nirvana, Skillex (uh that's already electronic, my bad), Kanye ect. I did hear the same Jason DeRulo song 4 times.. but I guess we were there for 4 hours so I can't judge.... But even though "Talk Dirty" just came out, I'm officially sick of it. thaaanksI don't get why there isnt a bathroom on the second floor. Also, i don't know if i'm the only one who noticed-- but there are 2 men's restrooms and only one woman's.
4	Takeover Tuesdays--pretty much the reason to go out mid-week. The dancing starts at 10, and you can certainly have a lot of fun. Be warned, it does get more and more crowded as the night goes on. The drinks are...well....they're just standard drinks, but the bartenders are all really friendly. I enjoy coming here on the weekends as well because it seems to have a core of loyal followers. Dancing, tons of fun. The music has always been good when when my friends and I go. Be warned, it does seem to be a hangout for lots of single guys--it's especially apparent when they line up on the edge of the dance space like high school wallflowers.
