4	This place is in the food court of the greenland supermarket and serves a lot of the korean standards, or at least what I think are the standards based on the different Korean restaurants I've been to.My dok bo gi wasn't super spicy and in addition to the rice cakes and fish cakes there were also breaded and fried cucumber rolls! Those were damn tasty and if you could just order a bunch of them with the sauce on I think you'd have the makings for some great bar or sports food!I also had their kimchi dumplings, which though enormous and spicy looking, didn't really pack the punch I was shooting for.
3	Noodle village is good and located inside the food court of Greenland Supermarket! I ordered their seafood tofu soup and came with the normal side dishes and rice.  I just thought it was a little pricey for a food court style. I would prefer if the price was a little lower and the service was faster!
4	A little pricey on the food court side yes but well worth it when you see the portion sizes. Ordered the Bulgogi with Rice combo plate because there was a display of it and it looked good, even came with the clear rice noodles.total came up to 10.80 which was a bit pricey i have to admit.When the food came everything started to make sense, Included in the meal was your typical Korean condiments. There was some bomb ass Kim Chi (needed to be cut down into smaller pieces in my opinion), sea weed and cucumbers pickled in vinegar (good stuff), and a whole salted fish. The Bulgogi was nicely flavored but, in my opinion, had way too many onions as did the noodles. The whole dried fish was damn tasty as were the rest of the condiments. An over exaggerated lunch combo that could easily feed two people for 10.80...Not that bad considering elsewhere a salad easily costs more.Oh and the communal free water dispenses some of the freshest tasting water i've ever had. I would fill up 5 gallon sized bottles of it if i could.
4	I'm a regular shopper at Greenland Supermarket, and usually stop by the food court on the way out. However this one day, a friend and I decided to just stop in not to shop, but for lunch. I usually go to Island Flavor, but decided to check this place out because they were having a special that went on for several weeks, I'm pretty sure its still going on now. It was buy two entrees and get a free bowl of Anchovy Soup with Noodles (which can feed 2 people, it was a decent size dish). If I'd known how big that free bowl was, I would've ordered a smaller entree. My friend ordered the Kim Bap and I ordered the Seafood Miso Soup.The food was actually really good, and now this is where I eat most of the time I go to this food court in GL. The Kim Bap could've been made a little better, it was sort of small. Good find!
5	I've been here many many times.  I always come back for their soft tofu soup.  They are inside the Greenland Korean grocery on Rainbow and Spring Mountain.  The sign on their stall actually says Tofu House but on their receipt it's Noodle Village.  For lunch I usually order their lunch combo of the tofu soup +  bibimbap or kalbi.  This will run for about $15.  I think this is good for 2 people.  I always come away full and happy.  The service is very friendly.  It's worth it to come here.
