3	While I actually find this place depressing, I give it 3 stars for 2 reasons. One, my parents LOVE to take me here when I'm hangin' with them in Sun City. Or as I call it, God's Waiting Room. Two, the best cheesy hash browns. Ever. In the world. While they serve all day and all meals, I've only had breakfast. Eggs, sausage, biscuit. All just fine. But it's the cheesy hash browns y'all. Mom loves the pancakes. And dad. "Best damn cup of coffee I ever had." Ok, pops. Better than Folgers. Really? And there's kitchy like crates and wicker baskets hanging all over the place. Yikes, who dusts that crap? Before you even step foot in the restaurant you are forced to navigate "the store". Oh Jesus Mary. The store. Full of like, Holly Hobbie meets John Deere stuff. Creepy weird. But oh, the cheesy hash browns.
4	In CA, Cracker Barrel was associated with a block of cheese at the grocer not a restaurant with country cooking. My first tummy luvin encounter with CB was in WI a few yrs ago. Imagine my delight when I spied one in Peoria right off the 101.Went there for dinner and ordered the sampler, which featured a little bit of everything--chicken & dumplings, a small slice of meatloaf, and a thin piece of ham with 2 sides of your choice. While we waited, we entertained ourselves with the Peg Game to determine whether our college years taught us anything of value. It confirmed that any aspirations to be a professional math-lete or economist at RAND were hopeless. The food was delicious and did not disappoint--the chicken & dumplings had white gravy and the ham complimented the greens I ordered.  Unfortunately, the meatloaf seemed a little dry and bland, despite the tomato based sauce on top. As if we didn't have enough food, the meal was also served with cornbread and biscuits.  The sampler was a great way to evaluate options without committing to a single entree.  After dinner, we socialized outside on the rocking chairs with our east side friends. I engaged in a checkers challenge on the oversized board and soon became painfully aware that the low table was forcing me to mimic the posture of the hunch back of notre dame.  At that point, the quaint little rocking chairs lost their appeal as I strategized my victory.Overall we had a pleasant time & definitely recommend CB when you're in the mood for comfort food in a family style restaurant.
4	stop here on the way home. ordered a sweet tea and chicken and dumplings. very good, i would order them both again. and you gotta love the country store.
4	OK, I'm NOT usually fond of chains (In N Out Burger being the exception) but I have to hand it to this place - they have one of the best breakfasts I've ever eaten. I got the "Uncle Herschel's Favorite" with poached eggs (steamed, really, which is even better), grits, biscuits and gravy, and a nicely spiced grilled catfish fillet which had a nice crispiness on the outside but was still moist on the inside. The gravy was too much for me to handle, but I'm sure it's still good if you like such things - and the rest was happily eaten. My daughter loved her pancake and turkey sausage patty.The food prices are astonishingly reasonable too. Of course, then they get you in the "country store" on the way in and out. I couldn't resist getting some of the sticker books and this very cute dress for my daughter - but even there, the prices weren't bad. Besides, this area is ALL chains. Might as well go to a decent one.
3	Country breakfasts are the reason we stop by this location and it is right off the 101.  Pancakes are served with hot, HQ maple syrup in those little mini bottles - usually 2 of them, so if you're judicious in syrup use then you can take the spare bottle home!  Eggs and hasbrowns are normally good, and their hash brown casserole is popular, but just not something I enjoy very much personally.  Laid back atmosphere here and I love the fact that most of the servers are more mature and advanced in years.  I feel at home.
2	Geez, given all of the happy people out there, I actually feel bad about giving a low grade, but in the interest of an honest review I am gonna be, well, honest. I do not like this place- I have been a million times (to a few of them), I have family who just love it- but I just cringe every time I hear I will have to go. First off, I totally get why this place is so popular, it's cheap, the food is not totally toxic and it has this comfy, old timey feel... I hear. That being said, I just feel like all of the food is totally cheap, not in the yay a deal way, but rather, everything tastes like cheap, low quality ingredients. I went out on a limb today and ordered the veggie skillet- semi healthy I am thinking, man was I wrong! The veggies weren't fresh at all and they were damn, damn greasy. The eggs were eggs, and then it looked like someone threw a bunch of cold grated cheddar on top... eww. On to the service- I will say that I have had a (really) few good service experiences here, but they are pretty few and far between. For some reason, I always see people walking around with the coffee, but they do that whole avoid eye contact thing and I sit around without any coffee. The servers always seem like you are the table that is gonna push them over the edge because they are hanging on by a string. For some reason, it just never feels like a nice experience, so I will continue subtly sending my message to family by making faces anytime I hear this place on the table for the meeting spot to eat.
4	When i first heard of this place i was a little disturbed by the name, but once i got the nerve to go inside  i was impressed. They have yummy pancakes. They are diabetic friendly and they offer Sugar Free Maple Syrup. I didn't see many crackers around, but they do offer soup, so they might have them in the back. They also have a store area where they sell interesting knick-knacks and other strange items. I would recommend this place.
4	great service, food and the price is nice also.
5	Service was great and my chicken fried steak was so friggin delicious! Cheaper and great quality compared to a restaurant I usually grab from for chicken fried steak. This might be my primary spot to buy chicken fried steak from!
5	I'll make this short and sweet.I LOVE CRACKER BARREL.Food is always delicious and service is super fast and always great.
1	This place is horrible. Food is low in price because the quality its very poor! Horrible service, and you have to pay at a cashier just to pay your bill...what a joke. it looks like a retirement home. Everybody is elderly there, on the weekend that I went there were 15 Walkers along the wall..but most importantly the food was garbage. If your looking for a good breakfast place I recommend driving down the street to the good egg our the place. Those places use good quality meat...not crap that looks and taste like plastic like cracker barrel has.
4	When I lived in Phoenix, I used to frequent CB quite often as the food was reasonably priced, breakfast or lunch was always good and service was stellar. I also liked the store in front of the restaurant and would often find things to buy from seasonal items to collectibles (long ago it was Boyd's Bears) and they had good candy.Well, I have lived in the Bay Area for well over 8 years again and this was the first time I have been back to a Cracker Barrel. This time was for breakfast with my Mom and daughter. The service, as I remembered was fantastic, the menu huge but with things from reasonably sized to giant portions and all that in between. This was the first restaurant I can remember that asked me if I wanted my poached eggs soft, medium or hard (soft please) and the cheesy hashbrown casserole was still as good as I remembered. I will be back when I come back to town next and I can't wait!
5	Oh Cracker Barrel I am so upset at how close I live to you! I think it's cute to see the older folks sitting outside on the rocking chairs and playing with their awesome oversize checkers. The little store inside is wonderfully nostalgic and a great distraction for when you're super hungry and waiting. I love getting their pot roast dinner, as for breakfast their pancakes are amazing! They give you a hot bottle of syrup and don't forget to ask for some apple butter!
4	This is true mid-west fattie food, and I love it! The best: thanksgiving dinner, on thanksgiving!The food is always mid-west heavy, it is the food I remember eating in WI. They serve breakfast all day and there are different specials running through out the year. I cannot eat enough of the thanksgiving dinner, which runs though the weekend of the holiday. How can you go wrong when you can over eat just enough not to feel sick (which includes dessert) and some one else cleans the dishes for you?!?  Oh! BTW, you can now order a whole thanksgiving meal carry out here!They also at times have this chicken wrapped in tin foil cooked in all the veggies, it is a special, but when it comes around, GO FOR IT!!!!
1	I ordered take out for two,during breakfast .(steak and eggs with gritts, biscuits,and gravy) I placed my biscuits on top off my gritts, put my eggs on top of my biscuits and poored my gravy over all of it. As I dove into my ' heart attack waiting to happen', I dicovered a very thick, black hair, aproximatley 3 inches in length. Needless to say , I didnt finish my meal.
4	If you want some good ol' fashioned country home cookin, this is the place for you. Biscuits n gravy, french toast, pancakes, big strips of bacon, sausage etc etc. I always love Cracker Barrel a) the cute gift/knick knack shop in the front, b)always good food and c) they don't have them in Cali!!!. They seriously need to open one here and I don't know why they haven't. It's always great to people watch here too. Service was good. Got us drinks fast, food fast and check fast. But, didn't rush us out of there. Another great thing about Cracker Barrel is the price. You get so much food for so little. But, I couldn't eat here all the time. Definitely once in awhile kind of joint. :)
4	my wife has always talked about this restaurant and when we saw one on a road trip we stopped for dinner. The fried chicken was great, and I loved there was no bone. The hashbrown casserole was pretty good to boot. It was full of old timers. The younger folks are missing out.
3	It has been several years since I have been here as it is no longer on my way to work.  However the other morning I needed to get to work early and didn't have the time to cook a breakfast and Cheerios were not going to cut it on a Saturday.  For some reason hash brown casserole and grits popped in to my mind.  The place, food and service had not changed a bit.  I had a breakfast with eggs, sausage, hash brown casserole, grits, sausage and biscuits.  Got what I expected and waddled away full.  Really a 3.5, just not rounded up.
4	I don't care, I love Cracker Barrel.  Hardly a thing on the menu that I wouldn't eat.  Its just regular food, but stuff I can't be bothered to make on my own.  I usually get pancakes or their dinner special of the day.  The butter baked chicken is out of this world and the Sunday Fried Chicken was super good.  Don't hate.
5	Great service! Sunday morning and we still had awesome service. Our waiters name was Ryan. Good job Ryan!
4	I don't know why, but after a late, late night, if you order the "Grandpa's Country Fried Breakfast" with chicken with the hash brown casserole side, I swear your unforeseen headache and "Crap, is it morning already?" thoughts drift away! There's just something so good about the fried unhealthiness bathed in thick gravy! The biscuits and gravy that just come as a side is nothing short of heavenly. Some restaurants have biscuits and gravy as an entree. They just give them away here! I love thee Cracker Barrel, even if you are a chain.
4	The food is basically what you or your parents could make at home, but I kind of like Cracker Barrel. I go there with my fiance and she really loves the store, which I also enjoy looking through. I really like the look and feel of the restaurant. Its kind of a cozy place to eat at.
5	Kid worked here while in college, so here's the real story:  All food including salad dressing is homemade.  Probably so good as it gets for homemade food on the go.Can't think of anywhere else to go....go to the Barrel.
5	Just enjoyed a great breakfast at this location. Busy but quick to seat and they have a great system to handle the rush. Our server, Chase was attentive and friendly. I would recommend the apple cider. Tasty and comes in a frosted glass. I'd also recommend the hash brown casserole!
4	I've eaten here a few times. Most recently had salmon patties for dinner, which may be a new menu item. I've eaten with others who seemed quite happy with their meals as well. Service was good. We went on a Friday night and it was somewhat hectic, and service was slow, because they were so busy. My party decided it was a good idea to avoid Friday nights as it was so busy. Prices are reasonable. I would eat here again. Another in my party had their meat loaf and thought it was quite good. They bring a platter of bread to the table, a variety of muffins, biscuits, which are quite good too. I have found this to be a reliable place for a good meal. It is a good place for a family dinner, nothing fancy, but good food and good size portions.
4	A charming establishment with an old country feel. We were warmly greeted at the door to submit our name on the waiting list. While waiting to be seated at our table, we decided to browse around the county store which had some neat merchandise you don't see often nowadays. Looking at all their candy, sweets and soda pops from the earlier years reminded me of my childhood. It was a nice trip down memory lane.Service was great, food arrived promptly and our dishes were to taste. Defiantly a great breakfast or brunch spot for all ages.
5	My boyfriend and I are from san diego and were in Peoria for the WBC and spring training. We flew in Friday morning and were staying right across from Cracker Barrel at the holiday inn. We were excited to see a cute place to eat so close to us. We both love breakfast so decided to check it out. I got the old timer breakfast which was delicious and the bf got a 2 egg and bacon plate with some toast which he really enjoyed. The hash brown casserole was amazing!!! (I consider myself a hash brown expert). We decided to come back again on Sunday morning before our we left and the food didn't disappoint. It was nice being able to go some where out of town and having a nice meal and good service to go along with it. Well definitely be back to the Cracker Barrel when were in Peoria next year.
4	Good as other crackle barrels which is natural.The only problem I have the noise level...
2	Went to this Cracker Barrel on Easter Sunday.  Not really busy but the service was HORRIBLE.  Our group was 8.  We were seated promptly and our waiter came and took our drink order.  His face was expressionless, no personality, no people skills,  just a robot.  I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with gravy on the side.  When he brought my plate, it had Chicken Fried Steak smothered in gravy with fries and corn!!!  I sent it back and waited a good while until it came back the right way.  He was serving down at the other end of our table and I was waving my arms wildly trying to get his attention as the silverware I unwrapped had dried food on it!   He did not acknowledge me.  He never came back to check on us,  never refilled our drinks.   Terrible, terrible service, I will never go back there.
3	This location is hit or miss for me. Usually order to-go and that experience can be aggravating. There's a LOVELY woman that frequently works as the cashier. Super friendly and very hard working. Unfortunately, it seems sometimes that she's the only one working and everyone else is busy having very dramatic conversations or holding up the countertops and hostess stand. I actually get frustrated for this woman because she is doing her job, along with everyone else's. I appreciate her efforts though, and that, along with the consistently good hash brown casserole, will keep me coming back. The rest of the food can be hit or miss.
2	My 10 year old son chose this place last night to celebrate his birthday. We hadn't been in a while so that's where we ended up. It was busy, as most Friday evenings are at any restaurant in the area. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated. We had to wait about 10 minutes after being seated for our server to come and ask for our drink order. When I ordered a diet Coke she said, "It's broken and gross." Ok - so I got a lemonade instead which was good. We waited forever for our meal. She only checked on us once the entire time. I think it took 90 minutes from the time we got there until the time we checked out. Lovely little place, but will not be coming back until they get it together.
5	great food
4	I think on a previous visit to a Cracker Barrel I was less than impressed, but this one was really good recently.  And I also recall that I did not like how they previously would just slap the check down after delivering your food.  Pleasantly, that did not happen this time.  The food was really good actually, and worth a return visit!I'm still not a fan of the weird gift shop store but I get it, that is their gimmick.  Anyways, good times.  : )
5	They always have the best service, and friendliest staff!! Even during busy weekend breakfast hours, the hostesses, wait staff and bussing staff communicate well and keep the crowd moving in an out. My daughter hit her head on the table and our waitress brought her a bag of ice for her quickly developing goose egg, and even the manager came over to check on her.  Food here is always great, we've never had any complaints. I don't think I've eve had a bad CB experience anywhere, but we just kinda prefer the staff here. :-)
4	Well shoot... I can't believe I haven't written a review of the Cracker Barrel yet!I was in AZ a few mos back with family and boy is it different from Seattle. Not in a bad way - Who doesn't enjoy warm, sunny weather? But I did notice that there are an awful lot of strip malls and chains here in AZ. Driving around looking for a place to eat we passed PF Changs, Chilli's, The Cheescake Factory, etc. All kinds of run-of-the-mill, not so special/memorable places to eat that you can find anywhere else in the US.But... the Cracker Barrel? I had to go again. The first (and only other time) I'd been to a Cracker Barrel was when I was 8 years old and visiting Orlando. That whole trip was so memorable for me because I spent it with my grandfather who took me to Disney World. One night we had dinner at a Cracker Barrel and I'd never experienced anything like it before. Rocking chairs on a big porch out front while you wait for a table, a gift shop full of stuff that you want - but maybe don't need - and classic, All-American fare. For cheap, too!As we pulled up to the one here in Peoria I spotted the rocking chairs and smiled broadly. It was just like I'd remembered! Through the gift shop you could reserve a table and shop while you wait. I found a cute AZ souvenir for my sister and within a few mins we were seated at a big table in a room that resembled a massive country-home family room. It was cozy, it was interesting, and the menu kicked ass. I got the Cracker Barrel dinner special that included a variety of small plates so I could try a lot of different items. There was pickled okra, chicken and dumplings, ham cooked two ways, corn, mashed potatoes, and more. Even though the food was just slightly above microwave meal quality, there was something comforting and awesome about it. Nothing blew me away but I just loved it anyway. Maybe it was the memories of being small and having never seen a Cracker Barrel before, maybe it was just the name Cracker Barrel... who knows! But I'd still pass up all those other chains for a Cracker Barrel no matter where I am.
3	Ahh The Cracker Barrel, a family tradition on long road trips that are a source of great childhood memories.  That is where I should have kept them.Tried the chicken and dumplings, decent food but nothing I would seek out again.  Hash-brown casserole was the best side and the corn bread was alright.
4	I love Cracker Barrel !But I've come here several times and been forgotten about. The wait staff is always nice though.They're food is always good I love Sunday fried chicken :) yum
4	First time I've been to a cracker barrel (that I can remember) and I actually enjoyed the place. Not a particular place that I would be likely to eat at on a regular basis, but it was a good visit. The food was cheaply priced, but still tasty. On a side note, it was the first time I had grits. Cannot say I'm a fan, but I definitely would eat them again (they lack any flavor). All-in-all: The staff were friendly, the food was good, and the cost was great! This place gets my thumbs up.
5	A combination of comfort food and therapy shopping :)I do love this place! All of the food is great, but my favorites belong in the breakfast category (and are served all day!); apple butter with my toast, fried apples & hashbrown casserole to accompany some eggs over easy and maybe some country ham :D My daughter favors the sawmill gravy and homemade buttermilk biscuits. Amazingly enough, there's a meal that has ALL of that included, LOL. We normally just split it and each still fill up to the brim :) After consuming copious amounts of food, we must walk it off, so we do this in the little shop... it's for our health ;) They have the cutest stuff, from candles & food to toys and seasonal items.
5	The breakfast is so delicious!Amazing customer service and friendly staff.They are very accommodating and always so polite.
4	I am in heaven while I am here:1. Great service and very friendly staff2. Everything on the menu is amazing- the chicken fried steak is my favorite.The biscuits and gravy is so good that I have actually called in an order to go and picked it up a few minutes later to enjoy on a busy day.3. Everything in the gift shop is cool to look at while you wait for a table.4. Sometimes the wait on the weekends is a little long bit but worth itI do not like that many of their items they will not do substitutions. That is my only complaint as I am sometimes picky about my food combinations.
4	Really is a lovely place. Nothing spectacular but truly a comforting dining experience.
4	Gave a 4 only due to personal opinion. Food is always good quality so, taste fresh, comes out in time, and presented good enough for me. Service is always great there. The best server there is Brandon. Funny guy who never seems down and knows his stuff. you will never have to ask for a refill lol. The place itself is always clean warm and inviting. Even when they are slammed there service and food quality does not diminish.
5	Typically, I am not a Cracker Barrel fan. This location changed my mind!The server was fantastic. He was super nice and extremely attentive. The food was better than any Cracker Barrel I've ever been to. I usually find their biscuits to be dry, but these biscuits were amazing! Maybe I was so hungry from travelling all day that average food tasted wonderful, but I honestly think they just have really good cooks at this location. I even saw an employee cleaning the already clean bathroom! That makes me feel good about sanitization, for sure! If I am ever looking for a Cracker Barrel in this area again, I will definitely be back.
5	Tonight my husband and i had Bonnie as our waitress and she was awesome! Kept our glasses full of soda and the food was great and hot! We always enjoy eating here and most of the staff knows is because we are here all the time! This will be forever my favorite place to eat. It has great down home country good with excellent service with smiling faces! People that actually like their job! Its refreshing to see! We will come here forever!!!
1	I was here on 6/14/14 with my  son who is highly responsible, we also buy music c d's and dvd  with coke signs, etc.  we enjoy here every much, or did anyway, we was followed and approched by a girl wanting to know what we needed , as if we was going to steal.. we wanted to shop, they wanted us to enter the resturant  right away and eat ? .but it gets worse, when we ordered , the waitess did not know what you got with a certain order ? she served us and said i will cook you another piece of fish and charge you a few more dollars, if thats ok.. i said no this is fine.  As i dipped into my tarter sause the seconf time there  was a hard something, she took it back and said it was ONLY a butter cup that fell into the sauce, when I proceeded to dip in  the second tarter sauce she provided me , there was something long and green, I got sick to my stomach .I called her attention to it again and she , oh my, i will call a manager, 10 minutes latter Adam came out and yelled ,so everyone heard, you will have to pay for one meal and a tea. My son did not get to finish his meal, as well, i paid the bill because I was embrassed with everyone looking.  i will  take this one step further... The waitness, and the manager was just awful, not to mention the service  was terrible, she was stupid, and whatever was in my tarter sauce was just sick... i will never, never go back there.    shirley
3	I don't know if I'll ever go back to this location. The food is good, what we expect from Cracker Barrel. The service was something a lot less. The two times we went our server was a older gentlemen named Gerry or Gerald I believe. Service was really slow. He always seemed like he was more interested in watching other tables instead of us when he came around. I did not get a drink refill until the end of the meal after my wife said something. We did not getting any biscuits even though we had asked for some. First visit he apologized blaming large groups for the delay. Funny thing, both times  the restaurant was not even half full. I would give the service 1 star.
2	I understand people are tired from working all day but to ignore us for 30 mins. Gives us attitude cues one person at our table who showed  up late did not know what she wanted yet, and spills tea all over our table casing us to clean it up with our our napkins cues she never came back with anything to write it up with or apologizes for making a mess. This was the quest time I've had here ever. The only thing that made me give 2 stars is the food. But the service here has defiantly gone down hill. I will customer service i know what it's like and i still work hard no matter how tired or what age you are.
5	Always good food and fast service for breakfast, lunch or dinner!  Had rainbow trout with salad and mac & cheese - yum!
5	foodis always good at Cracker Barrel.  Love the Country store too. I usually get ballsy here no matter the time of day.  Haven't had trout in so long I gotta have that.
2	Yuck. Slow service. Over priced. Ordered eggs over medium, got a runny mess. $10.45 for sausage and eggs. No thank you.
5	I love Cracker Barrel! I come here for my birthday breakfast every year. Even though it was busy this year since my birthday fell on a Sunday, our waitress was very attentive and efficient.Food wise: The pecan pancakes are phenomenal! The hash brown casserole is also very tasty. The bacon is always perfectly cooked. You can't go wrong with breakfast here.Definitely one of my favorite spots!
1	This place is a complete rip off!!! I was just handed a check for $19.37 for an omelette and a soda. It came with a fruit cup that was the size of a thimble. They charged me an extra $5.50 for the chicken. And of course, everything you add to this thing is an up charge. I have never payed anywhere near this much for an omelette. This is absolute theft!!! And I'm guessing by the fact that the waitress just told me to have a nice day while I'm still at the table means there's only one refill on the soda. I will NEVER come back here ever again!!
5	What can I say? I love this place. We don't have them in California so I make it a point to eat here every chance I get. Every location I've been to has always been pretty busy. This was no exception. I love going through the store and checking out all of the neat decor. The staff is really nice and helpful. I witnessed 2 employees assisting an elderly woman. They take care of their patrons. And the price can't be beat. You get a good amount of food.
1	We came with high hopes but service was very slow . We got our meals after other ppl that had been seated after us .  Grits were slimy .  Biscuits were good . Gravy for the biscuits was very floury and tasteless.  Overall a very bad experience.  Even trying to pay the bill was a nightmare because there was 1 cashier and 20 unhappy ppl trying to get out of there
5	The food is always delicious and everyone is very friendly.  This place is a family favorite!
