4	Great atmosphere! The lighting and music really contribute to a hip, big city feel. Indoor and patio seating. Full bar and wine list. Pizza is amazing, no cutting corners, these are quality pies! Unique creations to live up to the Miami name. If you like spicy, try the Cuban Pulled Pork Pizza, very tasty. There are also paninis, salads and desserts on the menu. Definitely should be on everyones "must try" list for downtown Phoenix. The Roosevelt light rail stop is a little north of this amazing venue.
4	I got a coupon from a bartender so i went to Miami cafe. Very very surprised. Im from NYC the pizza was amazing better than  Cibo way better than Bianco which is a joke to me. Crust sauce cheese etc. I spoke to the mgr and toured the kitchen. My gf and i ate a salad and 2 pizzas , served  at our pace I liked the decor and music  Be back again
5	Who knew Miami would have the best Pizza in the area?  We were there last week attending a show next door, and swung in the New Miami Cafe to grab a bite to eat.  The service was GREAT, pricing is perfect, and it's cool to be able to eat on the patio and enjoy the music.  We will definitely be making this a regular spot!
4	I'd been looking for a new dinner spot to fill the void left by local breeze and I've almost found it. I only say "almost" because they don't have a weekend brunch (yet?).  The pizza is delicious and the outdoor seating on Central is a nice touch.
5	Been here 3 times, twice for drinks and once for food. Each time I've been 100% satisfied. The service is quick and friendly, the decor and seating are perfect, and the food & drinks are delicious. We ordered the pizza and it's great - it's not that weird flatbread stuff with sparse toppings, but it's also not a greasy mess. The perfect medium! We also were treated to the pear salad which was very good.Oh, and they certainly don't cheat you on drinks. The prices are fair and the liquor is plentiful - if you don't see the beer you want behind the bar, the bar next door (Amsterdam) most likely has it and they'll get it for you.I recommend it for pre-gaming a night a out, girl's nights, 3rd dates, and after party get-togethers on the way home from Mill.
5	OMG! Why did it take a "happy accident" to bump into this place?After looking for another restaurant in the area & getting lost one late Monday night, this place looks cute and OPEN so we decided to stop in.Glad we did!Monday night $5martini, $5manicures & $5 brick oven pizza= SCORE!The music was cute and the atmosphere, especially "Bubbles" the pink elephant on the wall I knew We were in good hands.The esthetician on duty did an amazing job, on our manicures!The $5 martini list was pages long! So many good choices, I definitely need to put this on my "after work 5 pm Monday happy hour HOUR!"The $5 brick oven pizza selection was so yummy We ordered 2 pizzas to go/take home!Our server; Brandon was AMAZING! Anticipated all of our needs before We asked! Even received a appetizer brushetta compliments of the chef that was paired with our Martini's ever so PERFECT! (Both the Washington Apple Martini & the Thyme Martini were stellar!) Definitely a $20 Martini!We will be back next Monday!
4	My wife and I generally do not go out to dinner but we do enjoy trying new places for lunch and brunch.I was reading the early reviews of Miami and almost moved on until someone mentioned they were starting Sunday brunch.I went to their website and it indicated they indeed were open for brunch but the online menu did not include brunch items.We arrived at about 12:30 pm and were greeted by the bar tender and seated immediately.I was surprised how few people were there but I suspect that their brunch hours are not well known(yet).The menu is very small,but serviceable.Megan our waitress was pleasant and helpful,although I had to ask if ther were any drink specials, she immediately told us that Mimosas,Belinis and bloody mary's were 3 dollars.My wife ordered the Eggs Benedict and I ordered the Miami french toast,to share.Both meals were $7.50 each,wery reasonable.All I can say is wow.The eggs benedict were cooked perfectly and the Miami toast came covered in coconut along with a Sweet rum sause,yum.They also have omlets made to order for around the same price and if you wan meat added to that it will be an exta dollar. Overall a great quiet brunch but I doubt that it will stay that way.
4	The BF went here last night to use a Groupon I bought awhile ago. We were kind of reluctant to enter because we didn't know what door to use and we didn't know if they were open because there was no one in there. At like 7....on a Friday night....eek. We pressed on because we wanted to use the Groupon and figured we would have to come here at some point anyway. Luckily, the food was really good! We shared the pork/black bean/mango pizza and the margherita pizza. The pork pizza was awesome! Sweet and savory at its best and the crust was crunchy and flavorful. Make sure to use the hot peppers that come on the side...that is what really makes the pizza. The margherita was just ok...nothing super special, but a solid pizza. On the recommendation of our waiter, we shared the limoncello cake and it was RIDIC! Sooooo goooood. I don't even love lemon desserts, but I loved this. It was a layered cake with some incredibly light mousse between the cake layers. Served with strawberries and whipped cream....it was excellent. My only problem with the place was there was no drink menu (like specialty cocktail menu), even though I believe there is one next door at the Amsterdam (and I'm pretty sure they share an owner/waiters/kitchen because our waiter was wearing an Amsterdam shirt). When we asked about drinks he just said...well we can make pretty much anything...but I like to try interesting 'signature' drinks. Anyway, this was not that big of a deal. I would definitely come back here, especially because it is so close to my place.
5	With the lack of clientele (we were literally the only people there), the cook hanging out the serving window bored to tears, and absentee greeter I was not prepared to be impressed.The veggie pizza was really good!I'm concerned this hippe little place may disappear despite what it's got going for it, I asked the server if they're usually busier; they're allegedly seeking new management.Good Luck Miami! I hope you make it!
4	I glanced across the street during Saturday morning's Farmers Market and almost dropped my reusable shopping bags, which would have spilled all that kale onto the tarmac [oops black asphalt parking lot] - Miami was open for business in the daylighted morning!I've always loved how someone recognized the shape of the old lady's clothing store's windows for its possibility to germinate into a Lapidus Lincoln Road fantasy.So I dropped in and had a competent coffee whipped up by the barrsta/day shift manager. She is resolutely sampling the wares of downtown's excellent micro roaster before settling on one.Sipping and noshing at a sidewalk cafe between Van Buren and Roosevelt while the Farmers Market plays on across the street is deliciously ironic enough - I can't wait to do it mid day mid week! Be a true urbanista trailblazer - do it too!
4	The restaurant is usually pretty empty when I've dined here, but service is great and pizza and dessert is amazing! The pizza is better than our normal neighborhood pizza spot, Cibo.
4	Great pizza! Great atmosphere! A ton of fun on Friday nights. Alcohol is a bit pricey here though, and it costs more for a beer than a martini :-(.
5	Great prices and exceptional quality. Me and my Girlfriend recently went here split a goat cheese and pear salad and the jerk chicken pizza which was more than enough and every bite was great. We also had two of the what seems like 100's of Martinis which were both delicious. I definitely recommend.
1	This placed closed a few months ago
