1	I was very impressed with the office, but had multiple bad interactions with Dr Robert Segal.  He is quite arrogant and lack patient edicate.  On one vist, he refused to talk to me about one of my concerns because I had not notified them ahead of time.  He never looks at you when you spead, he'll ask a question and then after a minimal answer move to his next question.  Feels like he works from a checklist rahter than truely understanding my issue.  On another visit, I waited over an hour in the waiting room.  There was not even someone at the front desk to give me and idea of how long to wait. This week I was in the emergency room and was told to schedule a follow up with my Dr within 3-4 days... when I called for an appointment, I was told the earliest they could see me was two weeks.
1	I agree with the other reviewer. Dr. Segal has zero patient edicate or "bedside manner." He sits at this laptop in the room with his back to the patient and either reads things like his checklist, or types without communicating what he's entering. You'd think if he was typing something he'd explain that to the patient. I was there for an annual physical and after his usual rattling off everything in his computer that he had in there from earlier visits and asking is this still all current, he asked me if I was experiencing any health issues. I pointed out a couple things and he tells me this is not proper for a physical and why didn't I schedule a specific appointment to discuss that. It was also interesting to me that since my last physical with him, I had two separate surgeries for which he had provided authorization (with resistence) and yet on this appointment he didn't ask me one thing about how that turned out or how I was doing. He is very impersonal. Reminds me of our math professors in college who spent the entire class writing formulas on the chalk board and never turned around to interact with the students. I had also visited another specialist and had an MRI done. I made sure the report was sent to Dr. Segal so he'd have it in his records (he is my primary after all.) However, when I referenced the report he hadn't even read it. When he looked through his computer and found it, he read it and said, well I'm not the speciliast so you need to speak to him. I will not return to him or recommend him to anyone else.
5	So I'm really surprised to see that my doctors office has such poor reviews so I felt the need to say that my doctor here is wonderful! Dr. Allred always seems to go above and beyond. First and foremost she always asks me how I've been and what's new in my life and then asks me what's been up health wise. She truly seems to care about my well being and of course is VERY knowledgeable. I would recommend her to anyone!
1	I went here twice, the first time I saw Dr. Hawthorne and was very pleased with her. She had great bedside manner and I was pleased with the treatment of my issues. The second time I saw a NP, I forget her name. She was for lack of better terms, a bimbo. She told me a common diagnostic test was actually a treatment. I followed up with Dr. Hawthorne and I found out she was wrong. The NP also got out her phone to look up a medication to treat a common skin issue. The worst part of all though was the billing. I scheduled a routine visit and blood work and confirmed it would be billed as routine when at the visit. They did not bill as routine and I was charged over $300. Luckily I work in healthcare and l was able to figure this out. I called and called and called and called and and spent at least 20 MINUTES ON HOLD every time and no one would or could fix this. I finally got to the office manager and had to place several calls and emails to her and now they have just started completely ignoring me. What should have been a free routine visit has cost me hundred of dollars and hours on the phone.
