4	A bit of everything. Upscales stores, normal mall stores, good restaurants, fun themed atmosphere.
5	This is the best place to shop in the world. The commercial leasing space is the highest in the world and the restaurants will keep you well-fueled, yet broke. The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace are all the high-end designer labels you never see this close to each other. I think, its like a Union Square shrunk to fit into your louis vuitton bag.
3	Nice place to shop, especially if you're visiting from Middle Of Nowhere, USA. Here you'll find everything, from high-end boutiques like Fendi, Gucci and Louis Vuitton to your usual fare mall shops like the Gap, Express and Bath&Body Works. Fortunate for me, this is nothing new as most of the high-end boutique shops I can easily access in San Francisco's Union Square---that is, if I was into spending $300 for a wallet. I always find myself walking through here each time I'm in town, but I don't think I've ever bought anything here except for food.
4	There's a great selection of stores -- some of them are only found in the U.S. in Vegas (Agent Provocateur, Juicy Couture).  It's fun to gawk, and isn't that why most of us go to Vegas anyway?
5	A paradise for shopper's around the world! The new wing is like a mini mall within a mall. You'll find great stores like Marc Jacobs, Scoop NYC, Nanette Lepore, Fresh, Agent Provacateur, Theory, etc. My highlight was seeing the cast of Queer Eye for the Straight Guy for a book signing! I'll post pix shortly :)
5	Any mall that you can smoke in is an A+ in my book.
5	I finally see why the Fashion Show mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rXUBAFqrr00KvVEJ6aNURw?hrid=OYsZi4R_-xj0UuVtTe5vPg) is so empty.  While Fashion Show is also huge, it contains stores you can find in your mall at home.  The Forum Shops at Caesars is brimming with tons of places you've never heard of or can't find just anywhere.  The prices are absurd, but its fun to window shop or splurge.  I don't understand the appeal of the moving statues, but the the fake domed sky (like at the Venetian) is a nice touch.  I suggest popping in to Agent Provocateur for lingerie (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LCa6FomQCMjzt39YAuxPmg?hrid=IRUg-Zg1FD5Pu9HxDEG0Ew), Ted Baker for a valuer dinner coat (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LQFzGlPvZWUy0B_Qt_O_Sw?hrid=6ybtNctria8vD3fDqOzjmg), Giuseppe Zanotti just to see how well the shoes are displayed (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z-NRZk3hhz1cA3BUnxfazg?hrid=qkv4oWLNKdJc7Y_GDXh12A), and Kids Kastle for children's clothing (http://www.yelp.com/biz/U6QggDyJndFm-cZk7gKOMg?hrid=FIMq4Umsme167Xv0R1ujIg).The valet is free (except for the $2 tip you're going to give them when they retrieve your car), so don't self-park because it's absurdly far away.Restaurants include:* Bertolini's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Qwmvm53hp_tWSmZ2zAWnKA)* BOA Prime Grill (http://www.yelp.com/biz/n1Ng1q300iLHYZELtOd5FA)* The Cheesecake Factory (http://www.yelp.com/biz/zhtSqZauaL-SkXD6l9S6Iw)* Chinois (http://www.yelp.com/biz/gUjohbxvaPoHrw41FwkVOA)* Il Mulino New York* Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab (http://www.yelp.com/biz/GewsMsyCLcwBCm77DuzyvQ)* La Salsa* OPM-Beyond Ordinary Nightlife (http://www.yelp.com/biz/RypkitCX3ezQnl9iA5WJng)* Palm (http://www.yelp.com/biz/w12x7UBSSRsdbp3ZqguG3Q)* Planet Hollywood (http://www.yelp.com/biz/PtX8YpSK3-z6uOZeEuFaVQ)* Spago (http://www.yelp.com/biz/LwQB9H3jZ9wTk24Lr-AnZQ)* Sushi Roku (http://www.yelp.com/biz/-xBMZe-DLHkOukCNFmuj0w?hrid=yW164RuYCvogQVy8VE_l2w)
4	I find retail therapy to be the best kind of therapy.  It just gives me oodles of happiness to buy something brand new...a sort of gift to myself.  And The Forum is just amazing.Okay, it was a pain to find the damn place, but once I got there, I forgot my complaints.  It's huge, with designer boutiques just glistening under lights.  I stepped inside Fendi and Gucci just to see how expensive their new collections were.  Other boutiques like Marc Jacobs and Fresh were welcome additions.  There are a lot of indie shops as well that carry high end collections (can't remember the name though).All in all, a great way to either do window-shopping or really buy something.  Just wish it didn't feel so crowded in there.
5	A great place to shop in Vegas, one of my favorite places to break my wallets in...I don't go to Vegas often, but I can direct you through this mall step by step....Actually I think I can direct anyone through any mall...I'm a shopping expert.
5	Vegas is all about indulging impulses. The Forum Shops are an impulse shopper's dream. Forget gambling, drop some coin here and you'll definitely win. You can pick up some pasties for going out at Agent Provocateur... good, funky jewelry at Scoop (along w/a ton of other designer clothes).... a Juicy sweatsuit to lounge at the pool... the Cannabis Santal cologne at Fresh (it smells like a mixture of weed and chocolate, surprisingly good!)... oh, and of course some diamonds at Harry Winston when you hit the jackpot. I guess I'll have to play something a little higher stakes than penny slots for those rocks.
5	This is like my mecca!!!!LOVES IT!!!!I always spend a boatload of money here because it's got all the guilty pleasures stores. Plus my husband is always in a good mood since he is gambling. Only 2 down falls. Wish it was NON SMOKING. ICKKKKKKKK. and I do not like that faux cloud ceiling crap. Another con, the new addition is kind of confusing but that's okay!!
4	like someone mentioned... a mall in which you can smoke- and it's still indoors? only in Vegas, baby. haha. i love that they have a Cheesecake Factory in there, too. how fab! shop at Agent Provocateur, Fendi & Louis... then induldge in a cheesecake? it's like a shopper's dream. i love this mall. however..... a sad story. my brother and i were trying to find an exit, we walked into this hallway with the word "EXIT" and ended up in the middle of nowwhere! like literally! we were in the back of the building (which is HUGE) and nowhere near a street or the hotel's entrance. so we had to walk in the blistering heat to find another entrance to get back into the air conditioned mall. lol. how horrible! it took us like 20-30 minutes. it was like 100 something degrees that afternoon. holy moly.
3	If you're not rich, don't expect to be able to afford to actually shop here.There are designer stores galore, if you go in for that sort of thing.  I don't.  I CAN'T.  At home, I do my clothes shopping at Target and Old Navy, for the most part.  Just walking past most of the stores at the Forum Shops made me feel sort of bitter.  :P  I did take a look around Banana Republic, and then found myself wondering why in the heck a tiny, thin cotton jersey t-shirt was $15 on sale!  To me, that's a rip-off.I disagree with those who say there's a good "mix" of stores here.  The only stores I could have potentially shopped at were the Gap, Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works, and...uh...that's all I can think of off hand.  Nothing I can't find at home, and nothing I'm all that interested in when I am at home!Enough complaining, though.  Here are my highlights:-an art gallery with paintings that are a cross between pop art and van Gogh, with very vivid colors-a photography gallery-a store with all sorts of celebrity paraphernalia, including guitars signed by rock stars-the aquarium (big, pretty fish--tours every day at 3:15, though I haven't made it to one yet)-the ceiling, which is decorated to look like the skyThis was quite an experience, and I'm glad I went, but I also feel like I will probably never want/need to go back unless it's for an aquarium tour.  ;)
4	Massively huge, artificial, and does the job well if you are on a mission to shop. From typical mall retail stores to high end upscale retailers. You can find it here. The food court area has an animotronics show every hour and the faux cloud ceiling would make cycles from day to night every hour. The FAO Schwartz store was definately cool and spent most of my time in there. They had a giant piano like the movies (giggles like giddy schoolgirl) I was disappointed that the store I wanted to go to did not have my sizes. In fact they were completely out of plain pima shirts! So I had to settle for some items with the store I can usually find in my hometown =(
4	I use to work at one of the shops here and i loved this mall. Not your average mall due to majority of the high end shops. dolce&gabbana, gucci, louis vuitton, valentino, agent provocateur. Many celebrity sightings here: peety pablo, suge night, missy eliiot, tia carrera, and the list will go on.  A fun place to go to if you have a shitload of cash and if you have extra  money to spend on your girlfriend because i guarantee you that you will hear a list of "i wants" here and there
5	I'm not a fan of indoor malls... but Caesar's makes it easier with the high ceilings and clouds/sky painted above you. You can find anything and everything here (mostly high end stores). When I am rich, I will actually do more than some window shopping. Ah, I love Dior and D&G. Sigh.It would be best to avoid the window shopping if you don't want to be depressed. ;)
3	Fairly standard upscale-to-high end shopping.  For those from SF, it's like Union Square. If you're from the DC area, it's llike parts of Tysons 1 and 2 put together.  I didn't shop much here, though I was deliriously happy about the Vosges Haut-Chocolate store.   Otherwise, it's just a mall
5	I had one of the best times shopping at this mall.  Thought I was big pimpin, even if it was just for a few minutes.I was in the Gucci store...then from out of no where, Mike Tyson and Jamie Foxx along with their body gaurds came in to do some shopping.  I walked up to the counter with a cool belt, and Jamie Foxx did the same.  SWEET!  Got to say hey before leaving.Overall, the Forum Shops are EXCELLENT!
5	I love coming to the Forum Shops.  Especially because it means that I've won a little bit of money in the casinos and it is guilt free shopping.  I love the Verssace Boutique, Ice, the Louis Vuitton store.... oh man... the Forum Shops is every girl's wet dream.
4	Great place to shop and look. Warning: don't buy.  The prices are in the absurd to ridiculous range. Nice decorations and the ceiling changes colors and scenes.  It's unique and worth some of your time. The center water falls and statues actually come to life in a rip roaring (and free) act.  Actually pretty entertaining with the water, fire and statues coming to life.  I like it. Actually a lot of very nice restaurants that you can afford. Cheescake Factory, Spago and Planet Hollywood will keep you full. So, get your walking shoes on and and take a look at this modern tribute to the American shopping experience. Ssssshhhhhh. Remember: don't buy anything.
4	This is not a good place for me.  Reasons:- Sat nights they're open till midnight.  -3 levels of pissing fantastic shops.  -smoking and drinking permitted (in the forum not shops)- Always ready to take my money even when i'm second guessing giving it.   (damn them for being so helpful and encouraging)If you enjoy drunk shopping - beware this place is truly dangerous! ** note drunk shopping is not a sensible alternative to drunk  gambling **
4	Fantasic shopping here! Everything from upscale (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dior, Bvlgari) to ordinary (Gap, Express, Banana, Victoria's Secret). They have some shops that are hard to find elsewhere (Chrome Hearts, Christian Lacroix, Taryn Rose, Intermix). I have yet to shop here drunk, or carrying a drink, but I am definitely trying that next time! The only thing is that I am directionally challenged and sometimes I get lost trying to find my way around the shops. I like the lighting and the atmosphere as well, it doesn't feel like a usually mall. Even though Cheesecake Factory isn't a rarity where I live, I like coming here and eating at this location for some reason.
4	The place never fails to amaze me....I'd rather be here dropping my dough than being at the tables.
4	This is what a mall should be -- completely insane, over the top, full of glitz and gaudy baubles, too many people and stores that have a magnetic pull on your wallet. If you like to shop, this is your Shangri-La.What else can you say? If you hate malls, you will hate this place. If you are a suburbanite raised by anchor stores and marble, you have found your home.
5	Wow, this place is fantastic!!!!If you want more than just stores to look at while you're shopping, Caesar's is the place to be.  They have almost everything you're looking for, and the space is amazing.  I've even spotted a few celebrities while I was shopping here!
5	If you do not like this place, we cannot be friends.
5	Next to Newbury St in Boston this may be my favorite place to shop.  Every store you could want- from Louis Vuitton to Victoria's Secret to Nanette Lepore- is in this mall.  It is a bit intimidating at first but the layout is easy to navigate.  I love the whole "outside on the inside" thing they have going on.  If you are looking for something to wear that night, a gift for a friend's party or you just want to window shop this is the place to do it.   Honestly, if you can't find what you're looking for here I don't think you'll find it anywhere!
4	This mall has an Estee Lauder store that sells specialty products on top of their regular products.  These specialty products may not even be carried by department stores such as the jewelled compact cases which are absolutely charming!The 4 stars goes to the cool interior and also how it is a sign that I need to get out more.  Maybe I'll find another Estee Lauder store rather than just their department store counter.
4	In general this place could get a girl in trouble.Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale:: 5Strong Suggestions: Be prepared to spend money if you're headed in this direction.
4	Wow. Fancy.I'm a shopper girl by trade so I've seen it - ALL, but I'm still always blown away by the Forum Shops. The layout is a little maze like (as is most of Vegas) but the decor is fun. There aren't too many bridge or better level shops...you're pretty much going couture or you're going home. Seeing Pucci, D&G, Versace and the massive LV store is inspiring though!There a bag and luggage shop called Corsa. Go see Angel for the best service ever. She was really fun and very helpful.The food options seemed limited. There were a few chain restaurants that we did not want to sit down at, so we grabbed a slice and a salad. Not bad.
4	If you want shopping, but don't want to head to the Fashion Mall, then the Forum Shops is the place to be.  They have a large variety of boutiques, restaurants and touristy kind of stores.  It is three floors of shopping, they also have a show that goes along with the Caesars theme to watch, head toward "the cheesecake factory" on the first floor and you will pass the show of filled with fantasy, water and lights.
3	I was there during NBA All Star Game!  We made reservations for 9:00pm.  We got there and our table was not ready, had to wait for 30 minutes.  It took them another 30 minutes to get us the menu and for Raul, the captain, to show up and tell us the specials.  I guess it was not a good night for them.  I have dined there before and this last time was a let down as far as service goes!
4	Nice shops. Expensive as hell through. I think they have a statue show which is a definitely not miss.
5	OMG this was TORTURE for me. All my fav stores wrapped into one. But no money (well, the amount i wanted to spend). They have every hi-end store you could want. Now if it were only "outlet" prices... LOL
5	nice place to go shopping or just to take a walk. They have every high end store you could want. Prices seem a little higher than other places. the ceiling is a trip and the whole roman theme is off the hook. this is a place to hit before you gamble cause everything here costs a pretty penny.
4	I don't think the Forum Shops need ANOTHER review, but darn it I'm going to put my two cents in.There's no doubt that this place is impressive and beautiful.  I can only imagine seeing something like it for the first time coming from somewhere other than Vegas.  I mean, I've been coming here since I was in jr. high so I don't really get the wow factor, you know?  But yeah, it's pertty.And I'll have to say that besides 5th Avenue in NYC, I have more fun here going into shops where I can't afford a thing than anywhere else.  There's always something new and interesting to see, and if you don't think so then there's the whole animatronics show (yeah, it's cheeseball but it's free.  and there's FIRE!) and giant aquarium.  I once saw one of John Lennon's grey collarless suits on display at the Forum Shops and just about died, and I got a pair of steel-toe Docs for sale for $10 here years and years ago that I still wear.  (Whee, riot grrl ahoy!)The only thing is that it's increasingly difficult to GET to the shops.  Even the back roads provide no relief.
4	Technically.... you are NOT allowed to smoke in this section, because when you leave the forum shops, it says "Thank you for not smoking" or something like that. 4 stars for the old school-ness of the forum shops.. and the totally AWESOME statue show.
5	One word: Heaven!   They have EVERY store imaginable. They close at midnight... which is a shoppers dream come true. I didn't want to leave this place! They had many high end Boutique stores and some regular stores you may find at a mall. It was like shopping at some of the best Miami and NYC may have to offer but in one enormous location! ( Do not think I am saying it comes close to my beloved NYC. lol) *Convenient*
5	Loved it and loved all the shops in there. Kate Spade was one of my favorites.There are also some restaurants in here.I don't think I'll repeat what everyone else has already said, but lil guy loved the half moon shaped escalators. He just wanted to go up and down and up again.OK I'm going to update this a bit as I guess even the old shopping area in Caesars is probably considered part of The Forum. So there is that "Atlantis" show too which we've seen a million times before, but lil guy never remembered those trips so this was all new to him. He got a bit scared when the fire started spitting out and I know this because he grabbed my legs when that happened. SO CUTE! I think he enjoyed it, but then when it was all over, he was running around the aquarium enjoying the fish. I'm so glad children find such joy in the little things in life.
5	I WANT I WANT I WANT I WANT!!Tons of great stores to choose from. Great ceiling. My boyfriend bought dress socks somewhere here because he forgot to pack them for our trip What an idiot. Haha. I kid...Pretty boutiques with unique jewelry too.
4	My feet get tired from walking thru all the shopping here, but it's really cool shopping under an eternal bright blue sky.
4	Did you forget your thong?  Do you need an outfit you can wear commando?  Did you hit big and you want to spend some loot?  Did the airline lose your luggage?  Did you forget fake eyelashes?  Did you want booze and red bull cheaper than at your hotel?You can get it alllll here grasshopper!
4	You literally walk in circles here...but with the clouds, fountains, lack of windows and beautiful designer shops, the whole thing is one big, huge, wonderful dream.Love: Juicy, Victoria's Secret (it's HUGE here), Dior, Marc Jacobs.Eat: Mesa Grill (actually in the Caesar's casino area, right off the shops).Drink: Planet Hollywood (for happy hour), Spago (for martinis)
5	Do you know what it feels like to get drunk, go to the mall, see other drunk people there, drink some more (at the mall) and blow a couple of thousand dollars?  I do.
3	I've delayed reviewing The Forum Shops because I wasn't sure how to  put my feelings into words. Well, as usual, my solution is to provide lots and LOTS of words.** PROS **+  Many interesting high end shops for window shopping.+  The famous spiral escalators. They're interesting. Once. Try this: keep your eyes focused straight ahead, so you constantly change your view as the escalator moves. I was unable to do this for more than a couple of seconds.+  During hot weather, it's part of the mostly indoor route between The Mirage and Bellagio. To me, this is its greatest asset - probably not what Caesars wants to hear.+  Food: Sushi Roku; Vosges.** CONS **-  Byzantine layout. Starting at the entrance nearest The Mirage, and heading to the casino, Caesars barricades the direct route, unnecessarily forcing you to circle the entire top floor in order to get to the casino. Sure, it's their right, but that doesn't make it any less of a pain.-  It's too dark.-  Cobblestones floor. It's fun once, annoying the tenth time.-  Food: Stage Deli; Planet Hollywood.-  There are too many chain stores you can find in any high end mall.** THE JURY IS OUT **?  Animatronic show. Is this an abomination, or one of the remaining outposts of Las Vegas kitsch??  Food: The Palm; Joe's Seafood.The Shops have a lot to offer the first time visitor. Fine. However, after that the novelty fades. If the Forum Shops were shut down tomorrow, what would I miss? Not a lot. I'd miss Sushi Roku a little, and I'd miss its use as a summer route between Mirage and Bellago.  Soooooooooooo......4+ stars if you've never seen it; after that, 2 stars.  Average: 3 stars.
4	You can't beat the selection of high end boutiques all under one roof. This beats Bellagio and Wynn barnone. I am happy to see they have expanded it to include more drool inducing luxury goods which is only normally found in New York or Los Angeles.
4	This shopping destination is what people think of when they think of Vegas shopping. It really does not dissapoint at all. Now, they have even expanded and continued to add amazing new shops that keep this place relevant and satisfying. I honestly stay away most of the time, so that I can keep my house! The highlights of the mall for me are, the Juicy store, marc jacobs, Agent Provocatour, intermix, a really huge nice victoria's secret, Ferragamo, D&G, and many more window shopping venues. You can loose yourself for a whole day in here beware!
5	Place: Wow so many designer stores....droool....This is a cool place to shop at, the clothes and storefronts are pretty. Theres a Juicy Couture yay! Also nice places to eat at and also a show featuring talking and moving greek statues.Price: EXPENSIVE! Location: Right in Casears Palace!Service: GoodAtmosphere: Very big shopping center, can get crowded though in the afternoon. Weekday evenings are usually more mellow.
5	Absolutely gorgeous inside.  I didn't get a chance to go in the stores, since they were closed, but I did drool while looking in the windows of Marc Jacobs and Agent Provocateur.  It was probably a good thing I didn't get to go inside, or I might've blown what money I did have left.
4	When you think of Vegas, its the gambling, partying, restaurants, and the buffets.  Now you can add shopping to that list with the Forum Shops in particular.  Its almost a must to go here whenever you make the trip to the Sin City.  It really helps that its indoors considering how hot it can be during the summer.  The forum shops has a whole variety of retail stores like Marc Jacobs,  Kenneth Cole, Banana Republic, Lacoste, and Niketown.  They also have great restaurants like the Cheesecake Factory, a couple of Italian restaurants, and I believe a steakhouse.  The shops even hold a nightclub here which is ok.  Nevertheless, you can make a whole day in here with the great stores and restaurants around.  A definite stop during your Vegas weekend trip.
4	Caesars Palace has made a name for itself through its sheer presence and amazing casino floor, but with the addition of the Forum Shops, it becomes so much more.  Its a mega property that is its own little resort, where the only thing missing is a big fat strip club, but that might as well be Pure on some nights.The quality of the shops here are impeccable as they carry a vast plethora of luxury brand and independent stores.  They run a lot of fun specials here in which some lucky Vegas visitor is subject to winning shopping sprees on a daily basis.  It was designed to resemble a classy mall with the Roman touch, and they've succeeded marvelously as this now gives people an additional reason to stay at Caesars.
4	Yes, it's a shopping mall.  But it's definitely something to do when you're in Vegas.  I'm always impressed by the number of high end shops here, Louis Vuitton, Emporio Armani, etc. beside standard mall staples like Banana Republic.  The food here is also more than what you'd expect from an average shopping mall, not that Spago or The Cheesecake Factory are worth raving about, but they're certainly welcome.  Whether you're looking for a way to proactively rub out that hangover or simply enjoy shopping, The Forum Shops at Caesars is the place for you.
4	If you haven't burnt all your money at the tables, finish it all off here!There is something for EVERYONE at this seemingly endless mall...If you enter Caesars' main casino entrance, expect a long walk through a loud, ringing, bustling casino floor & to see way too much of Celine Dion til you get to the mall entrance.
4	Lots of expensive shops here.  I can't afford to do anything except window shop.  If you're a fan of high end merchandise, chances are you'll be right at home here.  If you're a fan of Greek architecture I'd imagine you'd have hours of fun staring at the ceiling and Greek Gods and Goddesses staring at you from every corner of this place.  I'm taking applications for a sugar daddy though?  Let's go shopping here.
4	I must say that the selection of shops here are better than the Fashion Show Mall or the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. Have to like the Gucci, LV, D&G, Theory stores here which usually carries a better selection in these specialty stores. If you get tired from shopping, just stop and watch the statues "talk" at the Atlantis fountain show. I just witnessed first hand, the new 175,000-square-foot, three-level addition includes more upscale shops and several new restaurants, as well as a spiral escalator!
4	72 reviews?  Holy Moses.  This place seems to get bigger every time I come back into town.  The new wing was nice with it's spiraling escalators.  But beware Vegas... it has begun.  At the top of the spiral, I saw it... "Coming Soon.... PINKBERRY"  Lawd help us all.  =P
3	Umm... what? I live in Orange County, so with South Coat Plaza (a designer retailer mecca) in my backyard, I was unimpressed by the Forum Shops. There's something so very 90's about it, down to the fact that it houses maybe the only FAO Schwartz still in business, with a big, ironic Trojan horse outside it. There's a gelato stall-- $7.75 for a small that I would have paid 2 euro for in Italy.Watched both anamatronic shows. The acoustics were terrible, the puppets falling apart, and the shows barely functioning. You can't have kid-friendly entertainment right outside a fucking Gucci store. Stupid.The girl at Juicy Couture was doing everything in her power to convince me to buy a necklace that held lip gloss inside of it. Um, isn't this supposed to be some kind of designer brand? WTF, oh Juicy.The new center wing on the complex is nice, with an Anthropologie, Coach, Marc Jacobs, and coming soon, an American Apparel.I like Miracle Mile much better. Less cheeseball entertainment and better shops.
5	disneyland with louis vuitton.my kind of place.the ceilings are painted to mimic a wispy cloud-filled sky, with a lighting system that emulates dusk and dawn.like most places in vegas, you could spend literally days on end roaming the "streets" of ancient rome-turned-rodeo drive and not realize that even an hour had passed. i love that kind of thing.it's a perfect blend of specialty shops, high-end big-name boutiques, and your average mall stores. great restaurants in there too - the palm and sushi roku, just to name a couple. i had the best sushi experience of my life at the latter.if you're headed to the strip make sure to do a little shopping here. even if you can't afford it, window shopping is really enjoyable considering how nice everyone seems to be in vegas (it's because ANYONE could have money, regardless of appearance! how superficially wonderful).
5	Doh! I left my entire make up bag in my car back in San Francisco. I had just a few hours to try and recreate my entire palette before my wedding ceremony. Not a big deal for most fresh faced brides BUT it was a Halloween wedding. Also I do hair and make up for a living so people expect something a little showy. Thank god there was a MAC store here. Half that kit was mac, so I was half way there!NEXT: There was a Donna Karen bathing suit I had been searching everywhere for! I found it here. Thank god I dont gamble :D
4	Nice to walk around. It feels like you're outside with great weather due to the blue, blue sky ceiling. Lots of stores. Little statue show thingys with water that changes color by light. Feels like a mini outdoor "South Coast Plaza" (check Costa Mesa, CA)with more people walking around.
5	LOVES IT!!!!Sooo many great shops to check out and plenty of great spots to eat too!!! I love window shopping through the super bourgeoisie stores like LV, Gucci, Dior..etc. & some of my favorite places to shop are Juicy!!!, A/X, Ted Baker & MAC.I also love going into FAO just so i can play w/ all the random expensive toys, jump/take pictures on the giant keyboard, & of course look at the barbies. =)The new wing is most def the coolest b/c i love the curvy escalators annnd SUSHI ROKU & BOA are 2 restaurants on that side that are definitely worth checking out!
5	Hello VEGAS !I adore this mall and usually make a whole day of it when I'm visiting!  The Forum Shops' atmosphere and frenetic energy of people, designer stores, light shows, and endless food choices can be overwhelming at first. Anyways, I've bought clothes here at various stores and everyone is almost always nice and inviting.  Just be warned that this not your everyday JCPenny, Sears kind of mall so make sure you bring lots of cash, an AMEX card, or your parents. LOL !
5	Yes it is high end and expensive, and it is one of the most beautiful shopping spots one could ask for. The shops are filled with all of the items you need to live the high life in Vegas. The restaurants line the walkways like cafes in Europe ... each one with their individual appeal and specialties. Who would expect to see Joe's Stone Crab outside of Miami?  Only in Vegas do you see all of the famous chefs with a restaurant to call their own.When in Vegas ... it is worth the trip to see the Forum shops. I can usually find something special to make my trip worth while. And if you are into people watching, this is the place to see people from around the world. There is a lot of eye candy to keep you interested.
4	This place is disneyworld for shopaholics!! Louis, Gucci, Dior...Oh My!!! Gotta love the shops in here. Brand names galore! Nope, you won't see a Payless in here folks...but you'll find a Juicy and Agent Provocateur for some high end panties...Oh boy!!Love this mall...It's a plus that you can shop in here and have a alcoholic beverage in your hand!!! Maybe thats a bad thang, cuz you'll just be buzz'd and spend more $$...Oh well....Hail Caesar!
5	This shopping arcade is a fantastic place to hang out, even if you don't like the shops.  There are at least two audio-animatronic shows that happen and the place is very nicely kept.  The FAO Schwarz, with the huge wooden horse, is a blast to go to.  I highly recommend this shopping area if you get tired of the general Las Vegas gambling scene.
4	lots of high end name brand shops but pretty nice
5	Shopaholics rejoice! This is one of the trifecta of primo malls here in Vegas. With a roman/italian theme the mall appears like you are outside, even though you are inside escaping the heat.There are several reproduction famous fountains here. Two of which put on a show with mechanical creatures/people. (Unfortunately they were all down for repair when I was there - boo.)Mostly very high-end stores, so if you have more money than God, go crazy. Otherwise watch those price tags.
4	if i had a lot of money, i'd never leave this place.the ceiling- clouds.  everywhere.  absolutely beautiful.
4	The designers of this shopping haven are evil geniuses.  Just when you think you are done shopping and thinking that you are heading back to the casino, you find yourself walking down a new wing full of stores.  It is a labyrinth!There is a fountain that you have to purposefully walk around in order to make it back to the casino.  If you take too wide of a swing, you will wander down into a dead-end path of more and more shopping!  We fell victim to this design trick several times.  So trixy!The Anthropologie store that is here is just like others that I've been to.  The reason I have to write though is that I ended up getting TWO pairs of Joe's Jeans for a total of $70.  I left feeling like a champion!  That is, until I got lost trying to find my way back to the casino again...
1	i can't find the gelato place's name.anyway, it's located right across from FAO Shwartz. I order a gelato and I don't see the prices until I get to the register.um. $7.99 for a small ass gelato.sorry but i think paying $3.50 for gelato in LA is expensive. Oh, don't worry though. you can get the Giant one for $45.$45 gelato. STUPID.
5	There are a great set of stores here. If you don't lose your money at the tables, you will surely spend it in some of the shops here. There is a huge range of shops and restaurants, which is nice because there's something for everyone.It looks like they're opening an Apple store in here soon, which I'm sure will be as nice as all the other Apple stores.Great place to hang out for a bit or to shop.
4	i would have given this place 5 stars, but i ended up paying $16.00 for a tiny thimble full of gelato. DOH! but the humongous fish tank was awesome and the $5.00 black coffee capped off the whole caesars palace experience. Oh, almost forgot about the playboy store...great stuff in these shops...you need to put a lock on your wallet before you enter.
4	This is like one of those scary theme parks that have no exit. One of these days this place is gonna catch on fire and kill everybody in it. I like to compare this place to cave diving. It's fun but if you're in trouble, you'll have to go to the very ends to get out.Other than that, it's large, fun, and a nice atmosphere. One of those must-see experiences. 4 stars for not having an easy exit and also for having over-expensive shit here.
5	The forum shops at Ceasars Palace is easily my favorite shopping mall on the Las Vegas strip. Stores like John Varvatos, Hugo Boss, Express, Coach, Burberry, D&G, Guess, Versace, Juicy Couture, etc. You will find something for everyone....well everyone ages 18-40.  It's a very nice place, that's pleasing to walk through and very clean. There's still a place in the middle to buy drinks and food as well as restaurants like Planet Hollywood, Trevi, Spago and Cheesecake factory if you want to sit down.  It really is a beautiful mall and the shops have great clothing in medium price range (express & gap), medium high range (hugo boss), high (burberry and versace) and of course insane (I think I saw a store that had a graffiti'd hoodie that cost $1400...take away a 0, and it'd still be insane).  The shops at Bellagio tend to be too pricey for anyone who isn't baller status (who are you kidding) and fashion show mall is just the same mall as everywhere else...with stores like pac sun in it. If you need to shop, especially for something to wear for the night...The Forum Shops at Ceasar's Palace is definitely the place to hit up.~G
5	If you live high end fashion this is the place to be. They have a lot of stores to check out and the scenery is nice. They have a sky like view in the ceiling. It makes you feel like your outdoors.
3	In case it wasn't obvious from dozens of reviews online, the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is fancy and ginormous but still a glorified mall. It's full of premium boutiques (think Gucci, Fendi, Jimmy Choo's) and higher-priced stores (think Banana Republic).The Forum does provide an air-conditioned escape from the heat, and you can take it to get to Caesars. There's usually a crowd inside, but then again, there was a crowd outside, right? Shopping isn't my thing, but if it's your passion, it might be worth your while to check this mall out.By the way, the animatronic show (complete with a gaudy, absurd-sounding Caesar) caught me off guard and is FREAKING SCARY.
4	Wow what a fucking great place to waste hard earned money. Maybe I'm bitter because I could never afford the shit they sell in the shops here but I have to admit it was a blast (literally a blast of damn cold air from the AC)strolling through the gaudiness and garish statues and marble columns and plastic titted cougars who are shopping in places ten years past they're prime by the ass load. I did look at a nice Citizen Eco-drive wristwatch and the guy told me with a straight face that it was  $2700.00. Unfortunately I did not maintain a straight face when I said, " you have GOT to be shitting me, for that price it better eco drive my ass to the airport after my trip". Watch douche wasn't amused with my admittedly lame attempt at humor.      But hey he's got a job to do so who the fuck am I to bust his chops. This is a great place to shop if you have way more money than brains. When I have that kind of money I'll be back.
5	If you are looking 2 go shopping for a new designer purse, stunna shades or accessories, then go 2 Caesars Palace Forum Shops. They have Louis V, Chanel, Gucci, Dior, Coach, Burberry, Juicy and more. Also, that might peak your interest is MAC makeup, Tiffanys, Jimmy C, and Guess... I wouldn't recommend going there if your shopping 4 clothes though.. You might want 2 go 2 the FASHION SHOW mall next to T.I and across the Wynn...
4	i dragged my boyfriend here on my birthday, so i could escape gambling for a lil bit. there were a ton of really high end stores and it was fun to window shop. he didnt love this place so much, but kept a smile on for me, i ended up buying a new hobo clutch wallet. i am very happy i went here just because i found that!!! at home i probably wouldnt have spent the money, but when in vegas go for it. this high end mall was pretty cool, if you like to drop a ton of coin. after all it got me out of the casino to do something different.
5	It's a great place to go shopping because it's not just all window shopping.  There are shops you can afford if you're not dirt poor.
4	Honestly as a local I prefer Fashion Show mall... lots less crowded and a better mix of stores (I'm a nordstroms fan). However, this place is great for tourists and it does have a mix of stores I have yet to find anywhere else in the country (Ted Baker, Marc Jacobs, Thomas Pink, Anthropologie, etc!). The statues are cool the first 50 times you see them then you begin to loathe them.. and really loathe the douches that video tape them and clog up the aisles...Oh my last complaint about this mall? Tons of nice options (Spago, Joe's, the Palm, etc).. however the only quick service option is Stage Deli (wtf is that). At least fashion show really has a lot of options for those that don't want to drop $50 pp on lunch.
5	I love The Forum Shops at Caesars!  I remember the shops back in the day before they added the section where The Cheesecake Factory is and the whole multi-story addition.  It is quite large but it doesn't feel overwhelming like Fashion Show mall which has multiple levels but with a bad '70's split level vibe.But back to The Forum Shops.  I love the fact that there is a mix of high and low-end shops for nearly every price point.  Plus you can dine and be entertained by all of the silly people hording around the animated statues.My must visit shops:1. Kate Spade: I usually purchase one or two bags as souvenirs. ;)2. Anthropologie: Unfortunately there is not one where I live.  It's a great place to buy some fun weekend attire.3. Spago: I've been to this restaurant so many times it is a rather nostalgic place.4. FAO Schwartz:  Great for the kid in me and also a good place to take the nephew for cheap entertainment.5. Il Mulino: good ol' Italian restaurant 6. Burberry: love the trench coats7. Intermix: fun clothes from a good selection of up and coming designers(I'll stop at lucky number 7, but believe me I could easily continue)Definitely worth a visit if you are in the neighborhood.  ;)
5	OMG!  I love all the shops here, and the place is so big, that you can get lost!  Trust me, I have!  I love all the stores and the best thing is that they have a Cheesecake Factory as well!
4	This mall has pretty good shops, a bit more upscale.  I spent my time looking/dreaming, not really buying.  I did see some Jimmy Choo shoes that a high class "escort" was wearing in our hotel lobby here.... $1200.I do love the restaurants here.  Almost all of the places on my to do list were here...  BOA, Spago, etc-1 star for that freaky show.  The children in the audience looked terrified.  It was odd scary pop up animated creatures with deep recorded voices.
5	This is by far my favoritest place to shop at once I am in vegas.  I absolutely love the decor and especially the giant aquarium towards the back area where the Cheesecake factory is located.  I have only recently been to the newer addition and have to say they might have rushed through the last steps in order to open it sooner.  I noticed splotches of paint and uneven beams for some of their displays but none the less, a gazillion people were shopping and ignoring the flaws.  I love majority of their shops and always spending a bunch when I am shopping here.  Most employees I have encountered are friendly and courteous.  I wonder when I will be back?
5	Probably the best spot in Las Vegas to just wander around. There is pretty much something for everyone there. It is also the place with the only circular escalator I've ever seen.
4	They have a trojan horse, a great aquarium, live and anamatronic theater, two wolfgang puck restaurants, an Il Mulino, a chrome hearts, a Thomas Pink, a Nike town........and a friggin Cheescake Factory?  Please.Love the place, love the shopping, love the escalators......but one off for the Factory.
5	Gorgeous place! Cant imagine what Ceasars hotel looks like when the mall is so pretty! I loved the architecture and the decor. So pretty.  Then all the exclusive shops in there are ones we dont have here at home, such as Agent Provocuteur, Kate Spade, Playboy, etc. Def a must see when you are on the blvd. Very nice inside. Took alot of video in there so that everyone at home could understand how pretty it is.
5	This place is still my favorite place to shop in Vegas.  I love the 'sky' ceiling and the fact that it gets dark and light.  I love the "cobblestone" walkways, and the overall decor.  The shops are fabulous too - but bring your credit card.  Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Dior, even Harry Winston... they're all there.  I especially love the look of the multi-level area that was recently added on.  Love the winding escalators (much like the ones we have in our own SF Center).In certain areas of the "mall" there's free entertainment.  Statues may not really be statues.  There may be some fire power over who wins the City of Atlantis.Great restaurant selection.  Trevi is our favorite Italian restaurant there. Don't forget to try the gelato from the separate little stand for it next to the restaurant.The only thing that I don't like is that the place is always so darn crowded.  Everywhere you look, there is a sea of people.  Any store you go into, there are tons of people.
5	There is next to nothing affordable in here... But that doesn't keep me from loving walking around. Great selection if you're rich. If you're not, it's still fun to look around. The sky effect has to be seen to be believed. The cobblestone streets are fun to walk on. The giant Trojan horse for FAO Schwarz is super sweet, too.What really stole the show for me, sadly enough, was the spiral escalator. Nothing is cooler than that, I'm sorry. I walked in and was astounded by the escalator, and I still am, looking at pictures. It's so fucking cool -- and fun to ride.
5	I am close to what is arguably some of the best shopping in the world, yet The Forum Shops at Caesars is a must-go for me every single time I am in Las Vegas.  Here's why:  Not only is it a wonderful selection of shops that I love, it's inside, fabulously, beautifully, ceiling-that-looks-like-sky,  inside.  Also, enjoying some cocktails while shopping is a big YES!  Another huge plus - the circular escalator!  How cool is this thing?!  I just know I irritate BJ every time with my "oh, forgot, need to go back up for fill-in-the-blank". Can't help myself!  Aside from the terrifying animatronic things going on, the one and only downside I see here is constantly having to be on the lookout for a bazillion strollers, lest you trip in your slightly inebriated state....This is a situation that may or may not be the fault of management (hey, they could make a rule or neglect to renew FAO's lease).  All that aside, this is a kick-ass place to shop!
5	i love it!! i like it when the statues moves and tell its story!! love the gucci, louis vuitton in that mall and they have a bank of america atm machine right when you enter the forum shops!!
4	Pretty nice shopping area. Lots of nice shops all gathered within the same place. You basically get a little of everything. This is definitely a good place to visit if you want to feel outdoor within an enclose place. At any place within the Forum Shops, just look up and you see clear blue skies.
2	Amazing shopping area with every place you could think of.  Well, make that every HIGH-END place you could think of.  If you actually think you can afford anything at this place...you might want to think again.  I've enjoyed window shopping here, but...I think the only think I ever got was a pair of free PINK panties from Victoria's Secret when they used to have those coupons.  So needless to say, I can't afford like 99% of this place...unless I have a coupon!I will say that the interior itself is pretty cool and it's a fun place to explore.  I bet it's even more fun if you're rich with tons of money to blow!
5	This time around I discovered Vosges, Etro, and the Toureneau store.....those alone would make it 5-stars.  Add in the aquarium and everything I mentioned on my previous visit and I can even ignore the repugnant cheesecake factory and give it 5 stars.  I could drop a cool million in this mall and still want more.
5	Retail Heaven!  It's 5th Avenue underground!  Bring your credit card prepare to $plurge!  There is a specialty shop for everyone here.... if you can't find something that entices you, than you don't belong in Vegas.  They're all open late, so you can go grab a pair of Manolos when what you packed just isn't cutting it, or you can hit up Sephora when you need some fake lashes to fit in on the strip.  The Ice show outside of Cheesecake Factory is pretty nice too.  I love the "blue skies" throughout.  A must stop if ever in Sin City.
5	Here lies an amazing collection of shops. Everything you could possibly imagine - from anthropologie and coach to abercrombie and cavalli. Yes, it is true that the majority of stores here are high end - but that doesn't mean there isn't something for everyone! After all, just about anyone can shop at abercrombie and anthropologie. In addition to the mecca of shopping, there's also many a restaurants! From the mediocre Cheesecake Factory to the oh-so-delish Spago and Trevi! I guess Caesar knows that shoppers work up a voracious appetite!
3	It's not like I could ever afford anything in this mall (it's almost entirely high-end designer shops), but I do find myself walking through here a LOT when in Vegas, because it's the quickest and most air-conditioned route from where I usually stay up to the Bellagio. I do sometimes wistfully gaze at Nanette Lapore, Dolce & Gabbana or Prada - but c'mon people. Those clothes cost more than I make in like, 2 or 3 months! So off limits. I mainly go here to escape the heat, play with the toys at FAO, or pay $16.99 for gelato (NEVER AGAIN!), watch the rays swim in the aquarium, or see the cheesy talking statues. But! Here's my confession: Every time I walk by Versace, I quote Showgirls. "LOVE your dress, darlin'""Thanks. It's VER-SAAASE". :)
5	There is never a time that I visit Las Vegas without stopping at the Forum Shops. This is classic Vegas for me. This center is absolutely beautiful. There are so many great shops here and one year I was blessed enough to make a purchase at Gucci and Louis Vuitton! Holler. The only complaint that I do have here are the floors. They are cobblestone in some parts and very hard to walk on if you are donning your stilettos. Be warned ladies look down while walking. It will save you from some unwanted embarrassment! Another plus here is you will never know who you may run into....I got a chance to peep in on J-to-the-L-O -hello! shopping in Versace.
5	My favorite shopping experience! They have all the stores here from gucci, LV, Cavalli, Juicy, Versace etc.. This is one of those places that can posses a woman and make her max her credit card. lol. this place drove me crazy!
4	always a lot of fun to see all the wealthy & glamorous people shopping. a little out of my budget but we love the fish aquarium, the king neptune show and all the beautiful people.
4	Usually when I come to Vegas, I stop by here.  They have good shops that I can shop at and the cloud ceilings are pretty cool.  They have typical mall stores like GAP, Victoria's Secret, Banana Republic, etc.  Even if you're not going to buy anything at some of the high end stores, it doesn't hurt to look.  I noticed that most of the time, the employees are friendly and they don't mind that you're just there to look.  I agree with susan h. that the floors are VERY hard to walk on when wearing heels.  I was in pain and I constantly feared that I would twist my ankle.  Why can't they just have smooth floors?!
5	I'm not a gambler.  I know, I know.  What the hell were you doing in Vegas then?  It was a college reunion & I had a damn good time.  A large reason why was the Forum Shops!So many stores - There wasn't a store I could think of that wasn't there.  Opened at 10am.  Both your typical brand stores (Ann Taylor, Gap) and high end stores. Checked my email at the Apple Store.  Saw some strange Roman god show.  And admired the tackiness/beauty of the pseudo-Trevi Fountain.  Upon reflection at the end of the trip, I felt like a winner.  While others gambled away money and lost, I paid money & now have something to show for it!   I got a great deal on a jacket, cardigan, skirt & brooch at Ann Taylor.
4	valentino, dior, cavalli, jimmy choo.... wow i was in designer heaven.  thank god for looming law school loans or i would've blown all my savings on... well i guess just two items.  i really love the shops here because they have something for every economic situation... from the gap to hermes.. u can find anything for the materialistic person in your life! their moving statues thing were sooo dumb.  i was sitting down resting, all of a sudden statues were moving and talking... damnnn scared me.. thought that giant ass margarita made its way through my system.... i must fault it one star only because at one end of the "mall" it was impossible to go up from one side of the floor to the other (on account of a giant fountain/stairs) and u had to go upstairs and backtrack... it was all annoying...
4	I really liked the shops at Caesars. There is a great selection on high end stores as well as many of the typical brand name stores and a number of places to eat. Definitely worth the visit - I liked it a lot better than Fashion Show Mall!
5	All around one of the best places I have ever been shopping in the whole world. The stores here are just perfect. I loved the luxury without pretension. Tons of good sales in every store. I wish I lived in Vegas just to shop here more often!
5	I always make sure to stop here when I'm in Vegas. They have all kinds of shopping, from affordable to high-end. You can find Gap, Bebe, Ann Taylor, American Apparel,  Juicy Couture as well as Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs...basically any kind of style you sport, and you are bound to find at least one shop you like in here. They also have the one of the best watch stores (Rolex, Omega, Patek, etc etc) next to Banana Republic.They are also the original creator of the symbolic faux sky ceiling thats everywhere in Vegas now =)
3	We usually end up here after meandering through the cavernous Caesar's Palace for a couple of hours.  It's sure a sight to behold.  One never knew that ancient Rome had so many high end speciality shops lining its streets.  You could spend a fortune here buying new clothes to get all gussied in up for a night out on the town.With each new turn and passing store front, I keep hoping to see a Wal Mart or Kohls or T. J. Maxx that would allow a lowly minion like me to set foot inside the premises, but alas none are to be found in here.So have to hang on to my dollars till I get downtown to the Pioneer Club to do my souvenir shopping there.We did try dining at the Planet Hollywood Restaurant inside the Forun Shops once only to be told it was closed for a private party.  Drats!
5	I'm not going to be embarrassed about how much I love visiting the Forum Shops. I will not be embarrassed, I say! It's cheesy, but not as cheesy as the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile shops. There's a better mix of high end and regular folk stores than at the Venetian/Palazzo or the Wynn/Encore stores. I always strike gold here, if not at the casino. Do stay away from the gelato stand near FAO Schwartz. It's so expensive it constitutes highway robbery. And there is a weird animatronic Fall of Atlantis show every hour on the hour in a main artery of the mall. I remain captivated by it because it is so bizarre.Anyway, takeaway is that this place is not to miss if you enjoy getting goods in exchange for your dollars instead of losing them at blackjack.
4	They have a Balenciaga store???  Whaaaaaat!
5	Ok, so I have to admit, this place has SO many stores that I am interested in and I actually enjoy and even look forward to going shopping here even though many of these stores are available in my home town. Not just available but READILY available ...The forum shops just present a pretty chic atmosphere for you to shop in with the aquarium and the random shows in the center of the forum shops while having all the amenities of basically a mall.I have a great time here because of their designer stores and great food selection, so its much better than your average mall anyway.
3	It's a nice place to stroll through when you want to window shop but my local mall seems to have more stuff than the Forum Shops. The only niche stores I found were Ferragamo and Zegna, but their selections left me disappointed. Ferragamo - Everything was pretty much blah. The clothing didn't seem any different from previous seasons. I guess it's hit or miss depending on what time of year you go. I hear their spring selection is usually better.Zegna - Left me with a bad taste in my mouth. The store didn't have anything from the Napoli Couture line so nothing stood out. The salesman turned his nose up at me for being dressed casually, despite the fact that his suit was the very definition of ill-fitting. What's worse is that he wore loafers with his suit (any fashionable bloke knows that a suit should be worn with either brogues or oxfords).
4	What a sight. This is not your hometown mall. I feel like this place requires  hours of exploration spread out over a couple days. I spent two to three hours and felt like I hadn't seen enough. We ate at Trevi and the food was delicious. Overall the shops don't really fit into where I usually shop. Prices aside, the style is very upscale and i'm not an uptown girl. However I did enjoy the Apple Store, which is an automatic in my book.
3	They have a number of stores with a good mix of prices.  However, its easy to get lost around the mall.  On a good day, you might be able to catch a glimpse of Pete Rose and maybe get an autograph.  Bring some comfy shoes.
4	Nice selection of shops, both moderately priced and 'that shirt costs more than my car' brands. Several places to grab a snack or dinner, although I would steer clear of the gelato stand by F.A.O. unless you want to spend a ridiculous amount of money on a snack! They lure you in with free samples, get you hooked, then slam you with the price after you've already commited to a size. $40 for 2 smallish cups of gelato....it was good, but not THAT good lol. I could have bought dinner for that price.The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was b/c of the gelato prices, and that the statues and stuff were beheaded on my last visit (being worked on), so we weren't able to see any of the 'shows'. I missed the shows during my visit last week b/c I was preoccupied with my expensive gelato lol. Still, overall realy great shopping center! Always very clean, and definitely a ton of walking! And yes, Pete Rose is there sometimes, but I didn't want to spend $65 for a signed photo. I took that money and bought a severely discounted hangbag at the Juicy Couture store since they were having an additional 25% off sale. =)
3	Nice looking mall but did not buy anything
1	WORST SERVICE EVER! If I could chose no star , I would have! CAUTION THEY MAY SELL YOU USED ITEMS (and not tell you) AND IF YOU WANT TO RETURN... THEY BLAME YOU ... AND THREATEN NOT TO TAKE THE ITEM BACK! I've never purchased one of their purses before and after this first and last experience probably will not. My finance purchased a cross body LV bag at an LV store at Caesars in Las Vegas and a pen for my bithday present. When he came home at 11 pm from Vegas he was excited and gave me the the gift early to make sure I would like it, since there is a 14 day return policy. I tried it on for 5 minutes and even put the pen in the outside pocket to pretend how it would feel if I were to use it. It was nice, but I had to think about it so the bag remained in the LV box for the the time being. A few days later I decided that it was best to return the item since I would be losing my job in a week in a half i figured it was best not to keep such an extravagant item and perhaps purchase one some other day when we could really afford it.  We decided to drive the some odd 50 or 60 miles to South Coast Plaza to return the item. When we arrived at the store the sales did not ask any questions and the item straight to the back. I had forgotten to retrieve the pen my finance had given me from the outside pocket, so we asked the clerk to retrieve it. We waited several minutes before someone decided to come out with the LV bag in tow to tell us that they were not going to take the bag back because of the wear of the purse. We adamantly told the clerk that this bag has not been used since it was purchased and the clerk were two words shy of telling us that we were lying to our faces. She kept repeating the fact that LV does not sell bags in this condition. (I was sooo furious I had to leave the store several times to scream.) The B*@$H didn't even ask us any questions (i.e. how the bag ended up in the condition it was in, where we purchased the item, etc) ... and assumed we were counterfeiting or bring back a used bag... all I could say is that if that was the case how did we get the watermark receipt as proof of sale? how did we get the packaging?... how come they couldn't look up the receipt or call the store that sold us the item in the first place?? Were we not dress fancily enough for her to go to the trouble? We were very disappointed that this is supposed to be considered great service. Eventually after much discussion... she gave in and said that she would call the LV store in Vegas. We do not know what transpired behind the scenes (whether she did call or if her manager approved the return)...  In the end she chaulked it up to an error on the LV Las Vegas selling us a display item, but hey ...lucky us (scarcastic tone) ... they would take the item back. She did not apologize once (for keeping us waiting... for being rude... for not even asking us why we were returning the item... for not asking us anything until we got upset.)  She kept saying that LV would NEVER... (blah blah blah)... we had to keep reminding her that we are not LV experts and we as consumers are trusting her (LV Costa Mesa) and the guy who sold us the purse (LV Las Vegas) to not sell us used items.
4	This is one of the best places to go shopping,the coolest fountains (except for the Bellagio fountain), the highest quality of shop, some of the best eateries (I'm somewhat bias as I don't like Wolfgang Puck) but please check out BOA and Roku Sushi because they are -- to die for! Spent well over $200 between the two in the two times I've been here, and totally well worth their worth in meat and fish! This is also a place where you go to get some cardio going because it's large and there are a lot of places to look at. Enjoy!
1	oh come on.....braindead people sh..............nevermind
4	Out of all the places to go shopping in Vegas, this is the mall I hit up. Fantastic selection of shops and great design. The over the top gaudiness is so cheesy, it's actually sheik.I love the selection of shops from AX, Gap, and Banana Republic all the way to Gucci, D&G and Burberry. Usually I end up shopping at the latter if I won enough in the casinos!Great selection that is bound to meet the needs of the metro sexual, the pretentious blond, and my personal favorite, the hyperactive over-the-top gay guy. Also, the added plus is the fantastic selection of restaurants available. Wolfgang Puck, Emeril, and many more have restaurants there, but I personally like to stop by Roku...Great place to shop and convienent location! Oh..word of advice, spring for the valet. It's almost worth it. Walking all the way from the parking lot, down the elevator, through the casino only to reach the entrance can be a bit of a trek. Especially if you are on a mission, you are going to want to skips the slots!
5	This place is for everyone - from low-end to luxurious high-end. The place was really beautiful - I loved the Fall of Atlantis show in there! Everything was in most stores were stocked up neatly. I loved the Victoria's Secret though -- the SA woman was so nice and gave everyone a warm greeting! I'll definitely be coming here again!
4	Mall wise. This is probably one of the nicest malls I've seen. But the Miracle mile mall is better.  You'll like it more if you're into the Greeks stuff. Lots of shops to chose from. Eatery that is kinds expensive but worth a try. The foutaons were relaxing to look at.
5	This place is definitely a must-visit.  It has everything!  I've been to Vegas several times now, and The Forum Shops is the first place I go to.  There's so much to see.  One of my favorite shops is Ice.  They have such pretty gifts. Besides shopping, I love to sit by the Greek statue fountains and watch the ceiling change colors.  There's something so soothing about hanging out there after you'd had a long flight.  At the other end of the Forum, there is another exhibit, which displays the sinking of Atlantis and a huge aquarium.  Another exit provides viewing of the "white lions".  Very enjoyable!
4	Oh wow! So on my last trip to Vegas, I arrived on time, but my husband missed his flight. Not really a big deal, except he had all my Vegas clothes! As he wasn't due in for HOURS, and I was due to meet some friends out for dinner and dancing, I desperately ran to the shops for some emergency shopping.  I hit one of the Forum Shops just on the edge of the casino, and JACKPOT! 3 super hot little tops, for under $90. Shop girl (lady) was great. Once she saw what I was looking for, she kept throwing all these goodies at me to try on. Love it!
4	i wish i had more energy to shop here.. it was our last day and my feet were killing me from two nights of dancing in new 4inch heels.  not one of my smartest ideas but those shoes were too cute.this place has practically everything.  next time i am in vegas i'm spending a full day here. no exceptions.
4	The Forum Shops is a nice break from the casinos.  It is a huge mall, and it is good for looking around.  I imagine prices are a little steep, but I'm sure there are specials/sales going on.If you want to get away from the gambling, noise, and smoke-filled casino floors, the Forum Shops is a good place to start.FYI, I saw Pete Rose at the sports memorabilia shop.  I would have gotten his autograph, but the prices were pretty ridiculous.
5	The Forum Shops at Caesars! Yay! It is so wonderful! These are shops that I thought I would never have seen unless I went to New York or Las Angeles but they have them here in Vegas! The prices for this very high end mall are steep but the awe of being in such a mall with all these stores and labels under one roof is amazing! For those of you who want more moderate prices there is still the strip that awaits you and the Fashion Place Mall which is nestled in between the hotels on the strip. There is also a very impressive mall in downtown Las Vegas too! But you gotta say there is nothing else like walking into a Versache store!
4	Worthy.Eat at The Palm (for a great steak).  Shop at high-end stores like Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Jimmy Choo (for your lady).  Sneak into the casino while she is in the fitting room for shots and table games (for your sanity).Good luck!
2	Shop at ross its cheaper
5	Awesome! It's a great place to walk through even if you don't plan on spending any money. There's good places to eat also. It's huge and you will always have something to look at. No boredom here.
4	The Forum Shops were a nice break from the Vegas heat. Its huge and you come out the other end wondering how you walked that far.Its got pretty much everything in it. They have high end shops, and shops you would find in your local mall. We didn't stop and eat anywhere, but there are plenty of choices.Oh and beware there are timeshare people posted out at a couple spots that will try to suck you in by saying "Here, take this card and see if you won X amount of money". We saw too many people get suckered into that.I definitely preferred The Forum Shops one over the Miracle Mile shops.
5	You know, I have no idea what the Forum Shops sell, but that doesn't matter.  The only important point follows below:THERE IS A BANK OF AMERICA ATM HERE.  I hate the fact that Vegas only seems to have millions of terrible evil money-gouging third-party ATMs.  They charge you $5+ fees for each transaction, and on top of that, your own bank charges you for withdrawals!  OUTRAGEOUS.  HATE HATE HATE.So, THANK YOU, Forum Shops, for having - what seems to be - the ONLY BofA ATM on the strip!  You should get a prize if you find it because it is freaking HIDDEN. Hidden like those treasures in Legends of the Hidden Temple. If we had a scavenger hunt, this would be the most difficult item to find in Vegas.But you're in luck today!  Because I'll tell you EXACTLY how to find this hidden treasure!DIRECTIONS:Go to the second floor of the Forum Shops. Go to the cigar shop.The ATM is hidden BEHIND A WALL, obscured from view!  We were standing about two feet away from it and STILL could not find it because they hide it SO WELL.BofA cardholders, I hope you read this review, get your money in a reasonable way, and never give those third-party ATMs the satisfaction of stealing your hard-earned money and then some more!Take that, you stupid 3rd-party ATMs!
4	Ahh, The Forum.. beautiful, really. But too bad I can't afford 80% of the things in this mall. It is nice to take a peak at though. We stopped by this stand that had a $40 huge mixed drink that a friend and I shared. Boy, did it do it's job! 10 shots for $40 bucks, not bad at all.. I was pretty faded by the end of our window shopping adventure. Stopped by MAC on the way back and felt pretty darn good :) Must be because I drank most of it ha!
5	The Forum Shops at Caesars is simply amazing. It is by far the nicest mall I have ever been to. They have dozens of high end stores like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Jimmy Choo etc. Other stores include FAO Schwartz, Apple Store and even Fat Tuesdays to get a drink.I can't wait to go back. Words can't describe how awesome and beautiful this place is. 5 stars. As good as it gets!
4	This is a must go mall if you want to experience something unique. It's what I like to describe as a Vegas style mall. Lots of medieval water foundations and statues. Ceilings painted blue that resembles the sky. There are lots of high end stores so it's more like window shopping than anything else. The elevators are very unique because they are curved - very cool! You'll end up taking a lot of photos at this mall and no one really cares because almost everyone at this mall is a tourist.
4	I really like the Forum Shops! I didn't buy much (there wasn't much I needed) but the window shopping was great. And the people watching, as with anywhere in Vegas, was great as well. They have a Kiehls here, which is cool. Don't see too many of those around. I also liked the selection of dining places (see my review for Sushi Roku). The escalators are fun to ride, and go kind of in a spiral up and down in the building. I'll definitely shop at the forum shops again on my next visit to Vegas!
4	Continuing my date night, we ended up walking to Caesar's Palace.  We ended up at The Forum Shops.  The artificial sky really makes it seem like it's daylight all the time.  All the shops of course were high end.  Nothing I would like to buy, but I'm all for window shopping which is what we did.  It looked like not many people were there and as we sat at the benches (quite comfy since it was cushioned), we noticed that the sky slightly dimmed.  It felt a bit like being in Europe.  We grabbed some gelato at the stand that was closing and sat back at our little couch-like bench in front of the Dior shop.  Quite a romantic area since no one was around and well I'm eating gelato, how can it not get any better?    When we finally finished our gelato, we headed out of the area and apparently it was already closed!  I was surprised the people at the casino didn't shoo us out of the place.  That deserves an extra star ;)  So if you want to be alone with someone, go to The Forum Shops and stay inside before closing.  Now what you do afterwards, I'll leave that up to you.  Remember whatever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
4	The Forum Shops are pretty awesome. I love that the lighting isn't too bright, and looks like a sky painted through its entirety. They have a lot of great shops, great food, and tons of places to keep getting drinks to keep that buzz going. Of course, shopping here is even more pricey than if you had shopped anywhere but Vegas, but it's a good time. The Fall of Atlantis show at the Festival Fountain deep inside the Forum is awesome! There is an animatronic show featuring a few giant gods of Atlantis, complete with real fire that scorches the ceiling; it gets HOT right here, every time the flames shoot out, you can feel the searing heat, realllly awesome!
5	The Forum Shops at Caesars is like walk in a dream world.it's so amazing here.Everything here is kinda pricey for me.
5	This was the originator of the "mall in a casino resort" trend, and it gets busy here.  Great shops, fun show, tons to see walking round.
2	I would love this place more if I were a size 3 and was rich. Considering that I am neither (and have no delusions about that fact) I really cannot give any kudos to this place. It's just like every other mall inside every other strip hotel. Over priced name brand shit that's all sparkly and 'tarded. The people who actually shop here must have a thing for paying out the ass for a product with some guys name on it. I can't hate though. I'm sure if I had lots of money and time on my hands (you know, because my parents are rich and I don't have to work) I could invest in the plastic surgery needed to fit into these clothes and I would love to use my daddy's credit card to buy shiny things.
5	Simply the best shopping experience in Las Vegas.  All great shops surrounded by fine restaurants like Roku, Joe's Stone Crab, Spago, Palm Steakhouse, and great lounge spots like Casa Fuente make the Forum shops at Caesars truly unforgettable.The have even put Serendipity 3 on the outside and continue to add new fashion shops monthly to match any shopping experience Vegas has to offer.  Caesars Forum is just on another level.
2	10 years ago, I wouldn't hesitate to give this place a glowing review. But times change.This place used to be great because it had a Virgin Megastore, an FAQ Schwarz with a Star Wars animatronic-themed attraction, an awesome 3D motion ride, and a Planet Hollywood restaurant.Of these awesome things, only Planet Hollywood remains. And even they never update their props on display or have outdoor easy access to the restaurant.What's left here? Practically nothing but clothing stores. The few stores that aren't clothing stores are ones that sell stupid novelty items or ridiculously-overpriced merchandise. Everyday people paid good money for their Vegas vacation - have more stores where they can actually afford stuff!I can't give the place an outright 1-star rating because of the architecture of the mall. This is what pretty much every other upscale shopping development in Vegas and many other resorts have been copying for over a decade. The animatronic shows and fountains are also interesting, and provide a pleasant diversion from an otherwise-disappointing experience.Don't bother going to this place unless you happen to end up in the area. There are other, more traditional malls in the valley that appeal to everyday people. Too much of this place is upscale stuff the average joe can't afford, and there are too many clothing stores. Shop elsewhere.
4	The Forum Shops are an escape from the ching of the slots, the heat of the desert and the noise of the strip.  A cool oasis, complete with fountains, Roman statues, aquariums and a dreamy cloud like ceiling.  The shops range from cheesy souvenir shops to high end shops like Fendi and Coach.  It also has a variety of restaurants.  While I never find a lot to actually buy here, it is always a nice walk.  I do miss the FAO Schwarz in the middle.  The giant Trojan Horse still peeks its head out of the empty store front.  It was always fun to wander around the stuffed animals.  Still, it is a nice place in a perfect spot on the strip to decompress.  Although, easy to get lost - there is so much of it!
4	I love walking around here and seeing all the shops and the Trojan horse and eveyrthing. It's nice to wander and people watch. This place is confusing all hell tho. We were walking around and somehow got completely turned around and ended up somewhere we've never seen before. We finallly found a door out, tho, and managed to get back to where we started :)
5	The primary draw for us was to see the complimentary show that occurs on the top of every hour in front of the Cheesecake Factory in a large rotunda space.  In the center there are marble columns that descend at the beginning of the show.  In their place, an enthroned king rises up in the middle and on either side are his son and daughter who are vying to be the sole heir to his throne.  The audience is asked to decide their fate, and the battle it out.  On our visit, neither child won, but in the course of the decision there was plenty of fire, fake lightning, and loud furious noise.  It was very entertaining, and the heat from the fire could be felt at a decent distance.Beyond the show though, there are plenty of high end shops to occupy oneself.  It is a wonderful place to pick up a new Rolex, buy an $89,000 John Hancock autograph, pick up some Tiffany blue boxes for the ladies in your life, and so forth.  In reality, these shops see more visitors than customers, but they are diverse and interesting enough that you will be tempted to buy something at some point.  Highly recommend.
1	This is an endless maze of overpriced glittering bling dressed up with european names and haughty attitudes.  Once you enter, walk through what seems like 5 miles of shops you are uninterested in, and then decide you are no longer interested in wandering through the Forum Shops anymore, too bad!  You still have to wander through another 5 miles of shops because there are only two exits, one on either end of this interminable strip of indulgent consumerist omnipresence.Oh and it is roughly 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here.Not for this guy.
4	Always worth a visit. Good high end and simple shopping. A few roman God acts for some entertainment and places to eat too!!
3	Well, it's interesting for window shopping, and not much else for someone like me.  Which is fine, sometimes the window models can give ideas, and that's just as valuable, right?  I don't need to spend $350 on a snakeskin purse because most places I go and people I meet wouldn't know the difference, nor would they give a s***.I think the Forum Shops have interesting and beautiful architecture and it's a welcoming break from the Vegas heat.  This very well could've been what ancient Rome looked like in its heyday.
5	what a place... all the high end stores you can think about... just remember to walk with your check book or American Express "BLACK" card...lol.. surprise to see Gap and Express there also.. two great stores surrounded by so many great store.. as they say " good stores hang out together"  lol.... AND THE shows are great also.. But we went to the Cheese cake factry in there and hmmm a romantic evening and great food..
5	Nice mall mixture of High end and low end stores from Dior and Gucci to Nike town and Gap. The lay out and architecture look like it came strait from the  Roman empire. The architecture only get's better when you get to the fountain with the aquarium with stingray and other exotic fish.
4	Out of all the shopping centers in Vegas this has got to be my favorite.  The fake skies are a cool touch and they have a wide variety of stores.
3	Beautiful, grand, high end mall with lots of designer labels (that  middle America can't afford, unless you want  to rack up those credit card bills) more confusing levels than the Fashion Show Mall. Gone are the Virgin store (two levels of audio & video), the (long time) FAO Schwartz store, and Chinois. (Going way back, there used to be an attraction and a decent arcade area.) The Cheesecake Factory is still here- one of the best places to eat here- and the busiest, marked by people surrounding the huge aquarium holding square beepers. Here are the stores for the average Amercian consumer: the Apple store, Bath & Body Works, Victoria's Secret, The Gap, Bath & Body Works (remodeling), MAC, Swatch, and American Apparel. Some high end stores include: Harry Winston, Tory Burch, Nanette Lepore, Anthroplogie, Escada, Christian Dior, Cache, Carolina Herrera, Versace, Louis Vuitton, Bvlgari, Cartier, and De Beers. The huge sculptures, the marble, the fountain; the extention of the forum  shops, is more beautiful than the original part of the mall. We don't come here as much anymore but it is still very impressive- still a nice place to take out of town visitors. I'm sure the levels really confuse the tourists though. There is a laser show that was one of the first of its kind (imitated by other casinos) located in the original part of the mall. Greeters (time share) are aggressively trying to offer free show tickets.
4	The Forum Shops has everything your little heart can desire...except for maybe a thrift store...but other than that it has everything!  The cool addition to the front of the shops is interesting and it still confuses me when I get into the older part of the mall...but I'll get the hang of it!  Ooh, and I discovered this Argentinian riding-style type shop...cool clothes but expensive like most everything else there!
3	Wowzaa .. my man officially banned me from returning to this place... said I would spend it all in a matter of minutes. hehe... I love malls :) This one is just tooo much... after I spent about 2 hours in shopping overload land .. I decided to walk back to my hotel (bally's) not too bad of a walk.. if i didn't spend 30 min walking around looking for an exit ... was soooo tired after my shopping mission.. had to take a power nap.. probably not ever going to spend too much time here again... I prefer deals and discounts... this place was lacking..
4	This is a very evil place because I end up spending money here when I shouldn't.  There are lots of shops to keep you entertained for hours.  If you're not a big gambler, then this is a great spot to kill time.  If you forget makeup, there's a MAC store for you.  If you need extra outfits or shoes, then you can find it all here.  I ended up buying myself a little treat Tiffany's on my last visit.  You can even get yourself a margarita at Fat Tuesday's to make your shopping trip more fun!
5	The best place to shop in Vegas hands down!This place has it all! Two Coach stores, Bally, Burberry, Intermix, Dolce & Gabbana, Armani, Zegna, Lacoste, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Marc Jacobs, Michael Kors, Apple, Sony, John Varvatos, Versace and many more. If you can't find it here you don't need it!Tons of places to eat as well including The Cheesecake Factory, BOA, Joe's, Spago, Max Brenner, The Palm and more. Insider Tip: Be sure to check out the free Atlantis show next to The Cheesecake Factory and The Fountain Of The Gods show in the middle of the mall.
4	OMG.  The BEST shopping in Vegas, hands-down.  Any high fashion brand store you can wish for.  Clean shops, always a great tourist attraction.  The one downside is that the design of the place is sometimes tough to get used to, if you're used to all of the normal Westfield-type mall.  REALLY easy to get yourself lost in.  But maybe that's the point?A MUST GO if you love shopping.  Keeps well air-conditioned during summer.  Needs better food options.
4	Had alot of fun and spent way too much money shopping here. It was nice looking at all the high end merchandise. I ended up walking out with a Tiffany necklace for me and for my daughter, some Gucci sunglasses for my husband and some rock and roll memorabilia. The Tommy Bahama store was my husband's favorite.I will go back there again on my stay, but may keep my credit cards in my hotel room. ;)
5	Great shopping, with various restaurants for any palette.  Easy access from hotel and casino.  Family fun entertainment with a Greek Gods side show in the middle of shopping area.
5	In my opinion still the greatest shopping experience in Vegas
4	Great place to shop if your looking for high end brands. Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Jimmy Choo, and much more. I have to say that the Forum shops has done many changes, from store closing to store re-modelings. And best of all they are opening an H&M in the middle of November...can I get a heck yes? That being said it took over the FAO toy store that was, I think 3 stories, so imagine H&M being that size...Say HELLO Flagship store and great deals. Great places to eat too from Roku Sushi (crab meat roll is yummy), Joe's, Max Brenner (awesome cookies I might add), BOA, and much more. Also, the Forum Shops have a great food court but a tad bit pricey. As for parking, it is a pain to look for parking and getting out after a concert is a major pain. Your better off taking a cab or valet.
4	Talk about a great place to do a little retail therapy. Even though it is more of a high end mall, shops like Gucci, Marc Jacobs, and Tory Burch, they still carry the basics like Ann Taylor, Vicky Secrets, and Banana Republic. I could spends hours walking around, checking out everything they have to offer. If you need a break from all the shopping, you can either sit in the comfy chairs and couches they offer and take in the architecture, or grab a quick bite at one of the many restaurants they have to offer.
4	Never stay at the hotel, always go to the shops. I love how they mix some low with some high, not a good atmosphere though. I hate tourists. Love how they have Scoop and Intermix and Ron Herman. Hate that there's like 2 or 3 Juicy Stores. Cute little Fendi store. LOVE the Valentino store, my SA is so sweet!**There are LOTS of stores here. Have fun!**
5	I find myself getting lost inside the Forum Shops, and not on accident either. There is a great selection of high end retail...which is fine by me since Vegas is not an everyday thing for me. Why not live it up a bit while I am here?Aside from the cheesy shows that happen inside (which everyone should see at least once), the Forum Shops provides every shopoholic with their drug of choice...from clothing, to jewelry, to sports memorabilia (including Pete Rose on the weekends). The Forum Shops also has dining options, though nothing out of the ordinary. Much better than mall food, but no better than your basic run of the mill chain restaurant, it provides good options if you find yourself unable to leave the endless run of stores.
3	It's beautiful, big, and impressive. Combine that with talking statues and you've got a sure thing to impress my grandmother and the annoying tourists (not to imply that my grandmother is an annoying tourist).There's nothing practical about this place, although Las Vegas isn't really known for being practical.  Regardless, not being able to find the exit is amazingly frustrating.  I'd like to think I'm a reasonable intelligent person and literally walking in circles makes for a real teeth grinding moment.Downstairs? Upstairs? Who knows where you are. It's almost as if they just connected 3 different buildings and tried to make it seem like they belonged together.Maybe I'm just bitter because I can't afford to even walk into some of the stores here. Maybe I was bothered by all of the idiots who stopped in the middle of traffic to gawk and take pictures of a non-lifelike talking head.
4	I just love any excuse to do some shopping and since we were here for the Yelp event..shopping is a must!This is by far one of the best malls in all of Vegas ans it sure is the prettiest. It is home to one of my favorite places to eat:Cheesecake Factory. And I just love Donald Pliner as well as Kiehl"s.And just FYI: if you do valet it closes at 11..
4	Came here again..twice in a month!! Another great store opened up here H & M. And its pretty cool. I think its the best H & M in Vegas. Stop by..you will like it!
3	I came here on Christmas Day for a little retail therapy and apparently so did the rest of Vegas. It was unbelievably packed here, probably because no where else was open. Oddly, the stores themselves weren't that crowded, but the common areas were jammed. I think I used to like shopping here more. On one hand, I love it here because all of my favorite designer (and non) stores are under one roof from Jimmy Choo to Balenciaga to the new ginormous H&M. But on the other, as the shops keep expanding, it's becoming more confusing, less shoppable AND even more crowded! There have been some nice new additions though such as the aforementioned huge H&M, Inglot and Anthropologie. If you really want to shop, my advice would be to skip the Forum and go to the Fashion Show Mall, Bellagio, Wynn or the Palazzo shops.
4	The Forum shops were always the center of Vegas strip shopping in the past but other hotels are slowly catching up. My only qualm is their closing of the old ny deli that had the best pastrami you could get for really cheap. Good enough to be an excuse to window shop until you made it there. Sadly those days are gone.
3	Really good vegas shopping and dining place with lots if variety. From the skanky to the rich.I'll admit, getting around here is pretty tricky.  I usually come in from the main mall then up the cool spiral escalator (I'm also throwing coins at those lions hehe), exit the 2nd floor, and make my rounds to go to the shops.  The decorations and the architect is amazing.  All the fountains are grand and gorgeous.  The Fountain of the Gods is technically a show and it plays every hour on the hour.  Kinda freaky though with the statue moving....I'm depressed that they took out FAO Schwartz! WTF?! Oh and before you buy gelato here, make sure you check the prices. My family ended up paying around $65 for 2 bowls! WOAH!  Sometimes you'll find something here you'll like and sometimes you won't when it comes to retail.  They have a lot of brand name stores here: Dior, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Tiffany's ect... Honestly I have all these stores at South Coast Plaza so I'm not in need of these stores.The Dining and the food choices here are hard to beat.  Unlike the shopping they have a big variety and unique experiences to choose from.  I like going here but it's not a must for me.  Plus I don't think my parents will like me stuffing our car with shopping bags on our way back to the OC.
4	The stores are way too expensive for my wallet, and generally not my taste (fashion and such), but the place is so beautiful inside that it was a joy to walk through. We unfortunately didn't get to view the talking statues in the center of the mall, but we made it to the very end of the mall for the Atlantis fountain show just in time - one of the best bits of free entertainment we had on our entire trip to Vegas! The show lasts around 8-9 minutes, and while neither myself or my boyfriend could really understand the entirety of the talking by the animatronic statues (too many other people standing around and talking), we were able to get a gist of what was going on, and really really enjoyed watching it (what with the water and fire effects and all).Also, if you need to hop onto Wi-fi for whatever reason (checking email, foursquare, MyTown, reading Yelp reviews, etc.), you can easily sit or stand outside the Sony Style store and hop onto their free, and fast, connection. Great for techies like myself.
4	All I have to say is...GREAT! the sky on the wall looked pretty real to me. The shops were really fancy but its decent enough to be in the place.
5	I cannot believe this place does not have it's own listing on Yelp!!!This is BY FAR my favorite stop in Vegas.  It has almost everything.  The new wing off Las Vegas Blvd is truly gorgeous with the huge windows and curved escalators.  With Marc Jacobs, Intermix, Nanette Lepore, Burberry, BCBG Max Azria, Gucci, Jimmy Choo, Balenciaga, Louis Vuitton, and Tory Burch (just to name a few), I am in heaven!The perfect mix of ultra high end for window shopping and more affordable "regular" store to satisfy my shopping itch.Plenty of restaurants and ice cream stands interspersed to keep you hydrated and energized (a little overpriced, but what in Vegas isn't).
3	I've noticed in my recent trips to the Forum Shops that they now have directories.  Thank God, because the info desk people are useless.  My husband went to ask them about the Total Reward gift certificate and they had no clue what he was talking about.  In the past, they were never able to give me good directions.  I would just have to take a map and figure it out myself.The floor is made up of cobblestones with some weird, shallow trench down the sides. (Maybe in case the fountains break?)   It doesn't make for good walking in heels, especially when you end up in the trench.  But maybe I am just a klutz.  The design of this place ensures that you walk by as many stores as humanly possible.  For example, the lower level is designed so you have to walk in a big circle past every single shop.  There is a perfectly good shortcut but it is blocked off with railings and a person to keep people from jumping the railing.  I'm not so fanatic about shopping or shortcuts that I'm going to crawl over a railing.  But still... it's annoying.The selection of stores is good and the mall is huge!  Take a look at H & M.  It took over the old FAO Schwartz location and it is crazy!
4	I can be a shopoholic at times, so when I go to Vegas, I need to stop by the Forum. The variety of stores is fantastic, and although they can be pricey, from time to time I can find something really fantastic for a great price. I also like the Atlantis show and the talking Caesar but the main attraction is the shopping.
5	It's shopping heaven! The Caesar Hotel and Casino is beautiful... the shopping is a bonus! Lots of great designer stores... and lots of window shopping =)  I'll be back when I can afford to shop more!
4	The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is always a fun place to go.  I'm usually going to one of two places - the Apple Store or Max Brenner's.  I enjoy wandering the different areas and people watching.There is a selection of great stores if this is your type of shopping pleasure.  The stores are for the most part high end, high mark up stores.  I also like going to the newer section and riding the circular escalators.  It was quite nice to see these after the new section opened.The shows in two areas, Atlantis and the other one, are getting a bit old.  The animatronic people are technology from years ago.  These need to be updated.All in all, I like just coming here and enjoying the vibe.  It's a great place!
5	This is one of my favorite places to come in Vegas.  I love looking in all the stores even if I can't afford anything.  I love the clouds on the ceilings.  This is a must-see when you come to vegas...
5	This place is heaven for any shopper who likes upscale stores.  They have all the favorite brands ... Donald J Pliner, Dolce & Gabbana, True Religion, and more ... the atmosphere is nice, too.
5	what else do u want?  all the best designers in one place..
3	I love the Forum Shops for it's unique store offerings for the most part (3-story H&M anyone? You don't get that just anywhere), however as a directionally challenged local, I find it hard to access no matter where you park and although that probably shouldn't affect my review it does. Convenience is key when it comes to shopping and I don't like feeling like I'm on a witch hunt to find a store I'm not even sure I'm going to purchase anything at.The shopping center is expansive and if anything you'll work up an appetite walking through the place which can be easily quelled at one of the many restaurants (The Palm, Sushi Roku, BOA, etc.)  housed in the mall. It can be overwhelming to walk through particularly on a weekend when visitors are out in full force stimulating our economy, however I think it's worth a trip if you've never been and would like to do some gratuitous window shopping. Another reason for my lower-end rating is the customer service in most of the shops in my experience was either a little too nonchalant or overly zealous for my taste-again, this probably should affect the individual store's reviews however it speaks for the mall as a whole when the customer service is so questionable from store to store. Granted many of these are high-end shops in which spotting a credit card just waiting to hemorrhage funds is a required talent so the "good" customer service may have been saved on me  for those ready to throw down a black card.In general, it's a great spot for people watching as you'll see people from all walks-shopping, power shopping, drunk shopping, romantical shopping, coming out of a food coma shopping and playing tourist/taking photos/shopping. Always beware of your surroundings in here because you never know when someone's going to come to a dead stop to take a photo of the ceiling which is sky blue and filled with clouds (and if I'm not mistaken it changes with the time of day). There's also the free show in which the mechanic statues at one of the fountains come to life, make a lot of noise for 15 minutes and then go back to sleep. Not really my thing because I grew up here and that doesn't really impress or phase me, however a fun thing to do if you're there with a friend from out of town and want to show them that Las Vegas takes entertainment very seriously-right down to productions in a shopping mall.Overall, a  nice place to shop with a variety of stores. Just make a day trip out of it so you don't get overwhelmed!
1	Nice to browse, not for shopping. Beautiful variety of stores, nice design, but prices..................... Went to Jimmy Choo, saw a purse, which i was told, they have only one left and they had it on display for quite a while. Told me $1500. I said : it's old, has scratches - give me a discount. Sales person said they don't give discounts, but after some time agreed to reduce by 10% (and don't forget they have 13% sales tax in Vegas!!!!). Went outside, on my slow 3GS went to JimmyChoo.com and they had a lot of those in different colors and price: $1,195.00. Which means they raise the price by wooping 50%!!!! Nice, ha? Well, unless your father is extremely rich and you are 16.
1	michael kors store. march 11, 2011. putting you on blast for the worst treatment in a retail "establishment " ever:i need to report the extremely rude and unprofessional treatment i received while vacationing and shopping at the shops at caesars palace--michael kors store. the evening of friday, march 11, 2011, circa 9pm, my husband and i were shopping for a new handbag for myself. we walked in the store, there was a big group of blond women talking and laughing. after some time, one of them, the only brunette in the group, plain-clothes dressed and the shortest one, whom we also noticed was barefoot--leans over and just casually says "o, hello" (or some random type of greeting as if to imply, what are you doing here?") we said "hello" though we didn't quite know what was going on. two street-clothes-dressed guys came out and walked out of the store from some door in the back by the shoes. my husband and i were standing by the shoes, shopping, when that same short, barefooted brunette girl comes dashing in front of me, and snatched a pair of shoes that were right in front of me--not saying a word--before i even had a chance to look at them!! she retreated back to her rowdy group of women she was standing with, shoes in hand. my husband and i then went over to the handbags. i picked one of them up to show him the zipper detail that i've recently observed in most handbags lately, when--all of a sudden--out of no where---that short, rude, barefooted brunette girl runs over and attempts to take the bag out of my hand--my husband observed that she was actually trying to do this--i must have been in shock from what was taking place--she says to me: "$650.00$ honey". "this is $650.00$".......hold the phones. excuse me?!? are you serious?? who did she think she was talking to?!? you do not talk to anyone that way, and especially a customer who has deliberately chosen to enter your store and shop your product and possibly purchase untold amounts of merchandise while they are taking time out from their las vegas vacation, when they could be doing an extreme amount of other things, and choosing to spend their money at any number of high-end merchandisers who are a dime a dozen in that vicinity. had she lost her ever-loving mind?!? this is absolutely unacceptable, and i expect something to be done about it.
4	I like coming here despite it's on the Strip and very touristy. I tend to meet visiting family and friends here because I don't dislike this spot. There's a good variety of shops that I actually shop at. It also helps that some are unique to the Forums (MAC is a pro store, Inglot, Kiehl's) so I have to come here when I need certain things . There are places I actually want to eat at. I kinda love Max Brenner and Palms prime bites happy hour is a deal. Overall, I'll pick this over all the other casino malls.
4	This was the place my friends and I went to when we were in high school and bored with our lives. A step up in class than the Galleria, Boulevard, or other malls, but with stores you are familiar with and can afford. The large store fronts and grand displays draws you in instead of making you feel out of place. The Express is one of my favorite shops. I tend to luck out and find great deals while they have their crazy sales. What is not to love? The bold colors, fitted shirts, modern styles, and that ridiculously large lion emblem. I proudly proclaim that I am part of the house of Griffindor. The new multistory H&M is impressive. Yet again, the mens section is given half a floor while womens dominates the rest of the store, but the layout and design is nice. The only complaint I have to say about this place is that I hate the Cheesecake Factory here. Came here with a large party for my birthday party. They refused to seat us until the whole party showed up and if we were late they said they would give away our table. Seven out of 12 of us got food poisoning and when we complained to corporate we were brushed off. If you must eat at one of their establishments, go to the one in Green Valley. They are more accommodating and friendly.
5	For a designer addict like me, the Forum Shops are a dream come true. While we have a lot of the same stores here in Scottsdale, there's something so posh about walking through the forum shops, popping into Louis and Burberry and Marc Jacobs, filling your arms with bag after bag, and making your man hang on to some because you couldn't possibly carry them off. By far and away, my favorite place to go broke.Stop by: Spago, the Gelato place, Marc Jacobs & the MAC store (that carries the regular and PRO line!)
5	I love shopping at the Forum Shops.  There's such a great variety of stores and the people watching is priceless!The last visit here, I bought a set of Ping irons at the Callaway Store.....yes, I couldn't believe it either!  I normally don't buy items like this at a mall like this because 9 times out of 10 it's a ripoff.  However, this wasn't the case......they were significantly less than other golf shops.After I saw the price tag, I called around town to see if there were any better deals.....one guy said "If that's the real price for those irons, you better buy them on the spot....you won't find them for that price anywhere else!".....so, of course I did it!The other fun part about this mall is that Pete Rose frequently signs autographs at a memorabilia store here.....he's always a character.  If you haven't met him, I suggest you stop by that store when he's there.Overall, it's always a good time at the Forum Shops.Return Factor - 100%
3	I seriously come here just for H&M.Yes, it is a mall but with a Roman twist. Any similar store that targets a market segment are located closely (i.e. luxury: Dior, Louis Vuitton, Prada all located in the middle), there are no fast food restaurants like McDonald's or Wendys but there are some pricey ones located on the street facing area. Do expect lots of tourists stopping in the middle of their walk to take pictures.
5	One of my favorite places for architecture and I LOVE the shop and eatery selection...favorites being the chocolate shops and, of course, the replica of the statue of David.
4	So, when I first came to Vegas for the first time when I was 13 I thought this was coolest mall in the world! You have so many unique elements. The cobblestone streets with the fake sky, the really bad animatronic shows and the really high end stores. The place truly is a maze but luckily i have conquered it well. I love the restaurants inside and Niketown is also at the far end. Pete Rose is also signing autographs all the time here for some reason. I now prefer Fashion Show Mall more than forum shops but this place is still great to check out before Crystals or the Venetian shops.
4	If you LOVE TO SHOP, this is pretty much a MUST STOP for you. But if you're like me who would rather gamble and eat in vegas than spend hours in a mall, this place is pretty intimidating. If it wasn't for the goal of finding Vosges chocolates at the most furthest point possible from where we were, i would rather be taking a nap with those men waiting for their women on the benches. The bad thing about this place, is if ur not interested in most of the stores, to get to one end to the other, you pretty much have to go through all the same stores you just passed, to get back if you want to stay out of the sun. I was looking for a secret passageway that would just transport me back to the casino (cuz i can walk miles through a casino if i wanted) but i couldn't find one. And that "show" is a bit creepy- u know what im talking about!I give 4 stars though for housing Max Brenner Chocolate Heaven. Next time, i have to walk through this place, My first stop will be to get my Chocolate cookie from Max Brenner to make the backtracking more bearable and find Payard Patisserie.
4	LOVE!
4	Stupid me forgot to pack a pair of shorts.  With daytime temps in the 90s, I wanted to my all-too-pale legs to get some sun after a long winter.  So, it was off to the Forum Shops to find a pair of shorts and to window shop, dreaming about one day breaking the bank at casino and being able to afford that Italian-made suit, shoes, and expensive wristwatch!I believe the Forum Shops used to have the distinction of being the highest grossing retail space per square foot in the world.  Of course, that distinction was before the recession.  Still, it's easy to believe that it was true once you lay eyes on quantity and the quality of all of the high-end stores contained within!  Gucci, Armani, Zegna, Dolce and Gabbana, etc.  You name it, it's probably there! That said, there are plenty of stores catering to the not so-Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous crowd.  Hello Gap!  There are also some good restaurants on premises that will appeal to either families or high rollers.   Anyway...the Forum Shops, to me, is the retail equivalent to Vegas!  Over the top and the epitome of excessive American consumerism!  And there's nothing wrong with that unless you can't pay your bills!Anyway, through no fault of the collection of stores in the Forum Shops, I didn't find anything I liked.  Must every pair of shorts have cargo pockets or look they're made for a waifishly-thin European male model?
5	What store aren't here? Everything you can imagine, food too! Welcome to Caesar's!
4	I wish we had more time here! We hit up a couple stores on our last day here: Victoria's Secret, La Perla, Juicy Couture, Bebe. I noticed a good mix of upper-middle end stores and designer stores. The decor inside the mall is beautiful and can't be beat. All in all, a great shopping environment.4.5 stars
4	Just came back from Las Vegas for the first time. I was on Yelp and looking for places to visit while I was there and came across The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. It had good ratings and reviews and I trusted my fellow Yelpers and of course they were right. It's a very nice and classy mall. The decor with all the Roman structures are amazing! All I did was take pictures at every corner and with every structure. To be honest, all the picture taking were more interesting then shopping at the stores. They have a wide selections of stores but it just doesn't interest me that much because I live in NYC, I can get those clothes/bags any where I live.But highly recommend place to visit while you are a visitor in Las Vegas!
4	If you're looking to do some shopping while in Vegas, then the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace are the best of your shopping options.  There is a good mix of high end stores to more affordable options, so there's something for everyone.  It's particularly good if you're just in the mood to window shop because the way the mall is laid out is really interesting.  There's even a show in the center of the mall that runs hourly or so.  There are also plenty of restaurants.  The mall of course also leads you deep into the Caesar's Palace hotel.  As a tourist, there are no shortage of photo opportunities.  Then, once you realize that you're in Vegas and should be gambling, catching a show or lounging by a pool, you can immediately head out to the strip and do just that.
5	It wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without a stop here. There's a very good looking guy that stands in the front by the store directory. Very snooty. I was looking for a particular store and he said "that closed last week." My girlfriend asked why don't they put a piece of tape over it on the directory? He said "that's why I'm here." "Oh, do they call you tape guy" she says as I fled the scene. She also told a clerk in Fendi that their shoes looked like they were for bowling. I thought they were going to escort us out of the mall, but I was LMAO.You can see the latest from all the designers, and even occassionally stumble onto a sale. I was in shock  when I found a 70% off consolidation sale at St. John (yes...that's better than outlet prices) .  Also, there's a shoe store called Shooz that always has markdowns. There's even a place here to get one of those big plastic drinks, or if you like some very fancy restaurants where you can sit outside and people watch. And be sure and catch the show where the statues move (several places throughout the mall).Go ahead, spend some time here and see how the other half lives!
4	I love the Forum Shops because it's tacky and over-the-top. Imagine the Rock of Love and Flavor of Love girls decided to masterplan their own version of Rodeo Drive. This would be it...I think. Talking statues, marble flooring, drunk tourists with their 64oz margaritas (with 2x shot tequilas, of course), easy access to casino and designer shops? Check. I personally can't afford 99% of the stores but it's worth strolling around if you feel like pretending be a tourist or want to impress your guests to something totally Vegas. And fine dining is plentiful here, too. I plan on dining in Spago one day. Of couse, H&M is very popular. A gigantic warehouse housing affordable clothing with club music in the background. They have Marc Jacobs, which is the size of my bathroom. However, being a local I can only take the Forum in small doses. Getting here, finding parking, and walking is exhausting and frustrating. Or else I would end up being Courtney Love cray-cray. Um, no.
3	This place is too big. My feet hurt. Especially in the required heels you must wear to be hot.
4	Talk about convenience when you are staying in this hotel. The mall is beautiful with four floors of some great stores. They have high end stores along with little boutiques, some are affordable. Need an outfit, makeup, a gift, wow this place has it all. Gorgeous fountains, statues, my only wish was the moving statues no longer work. They really need to fix this as it just adds so much to your shopping experience. Clean, beautiful and a real delight to walk around and shop. The Roman theme throughout is delightful. They have many places to grab a bite as well. Check it out, fun time and you can just about find anything you may be looking for. Oh and the kiosk have some great deals on costume jewelry. And a very reasonable shoe store called "Shooz" with a good selection to choose from. The Swarovski store is awesome along with the Mac store and Bebe. I could go on and on with so much to choose from.
4	Whoever thought to create a mall like this really had their thinking cap on.  It is visually stunning inside.  The Greco-Roman building facades that line the "streets" of the mall have beautiful fountains and statues strategically placed throughout.  There's one fountain that used to "come to life," and they even put on a show for it.  That was fun.  My favorite part, honestly, is the "sky."  It looks so real.   The shops are more high-end and pricey, but who cares......it's just fun to walk through here.  I've been to some of the restaurants.  The Tourneau timepiece shop (separate review) is in this mall.
3	Shops are good here with everything from super high end to Mac, HM, and etc what you would expect at the normal store. I liked how it was a great break from being outside and there were random places to eat and etc. Beautiful layout in general and probably the best stores by the strip.
4	This one of the best places to shop in LV.  However, I am not giving it the full five stars because I hate when it gets crowded.  What i like about the Forum shops is the range of stores, whether you are looking to spend a ton of money (gucci, lv, dior), a moderate amount (Scoop, diesel, anthropogie, juicy)...or not so much (H&M).  There is something for everyone.In addition, there are great places to stop for a snack, my personal favorite is Vosages, the chocolate place on the bottom of the new section next to BOA.  Great truffle and chocolate selection in addition to drinking chocolate. (YUM!)I can spend many hours and dollars in this mall so be prepared.  Amazing after xmas and thanksgiving sales though!
4	The forum shops are pretty damn amazing.  How many malls can claim that they have cobblestone ground and fountains placed throughout the mall?  The architecture of the shops are beautiful, not something that you would ever expect in a mall.The forum shops have a lot of mid range and high end stores with emphasis on high end stores.  It doesn't have every popular store but it does have a lot of really great stores.  There are a handful of restaurants and food shops located within the forums shops as well.Guys, if you're shopping with your gals there are a lot of places you can sit which some malls lack. This is the best one stop shop for clothing in Vegas but it can definitely be pricey depending what you want to buy.Everyone comes to this mall and I mean everyone!  Where else could you run into people from Pete Rose, Larry Fitzgerald and Kid Cudi in Vegas besides a night club?Why didn't it get 5 stars?  There is a mall in OC that is as good as it gets :)
4	Great for walking around in, The Prices are expensive for everything from Alcohol to Gelato to Watches and Various items. But it is the Forum shops and makes for a great time none the less to get out of the Hot Vegas Sun and look at things you may never afford or would want if you could afford it. Lots of good restaurants inside as well. Which range from reasonable to Take out a Second Mortgage on the house.
4	This place is always packed with tourists. And everyone always seems to be shocked to discover I'm a local patron and not some tourist. But yet, locals do shop and eat here. Ok, I tend to mostly eat here. There are several great restaurants throughout the Forum Shops - Max Brenner, Spago, PJ Clarke's, Trevi, etc. And for the tourists looking for the familiar, there's also Planet Hollywood and Cheesecake Factory.And when I am eating here, I wind up inevitably doing some window shopping and actual shopping. Like with the restaurants, the shops are a mix of high-end stores and typical mall stores.This is also a prime spot for people-watching. So many tourists...oh my! And I always giggle at the people taking pictures of the store names and posing with the mannequins at H&M.I just wish this place was easier to navigate. The directory / map always seems to not be up-to-date. And my directionally-challenged self has difficulties getting from one place to another here.Oh and there's this free fountain show thing with fog and bad voice-overs... Yet another so bad it's kinda good freebie show.
2	Personally, the only reason to go to the forum shops is for some of the restaurants, e.g., the Palm.  I've not found the shopping there to be worthwhile.  You can do much better at other malls.  Overall, the Fashion Show mall a little bit north on the strip across from the Wynn is a much, much better bet.  It's much larger, and has a much better mix of stores from my point of view.
5	Super pretty! I love looking at the architecture inside Caesar's Palace, especially the long strip down the Forum Shops. They had crazy sales when I went. I even bought a 6 dollar pants from express! SO CRAZY! If only I had more time to hit H&M...Until next time! Don't forget that there is a show at the end of the shops near Fat Tuesday and Express (the one with the aquarium) that happens every hour.
5	always a favorite of mine and a must see in vegas...a great variety of stores that change occasionally and the associates are all very friendly....don't forget to take ur picture in front of the statues of gods
5	What can I say about The Forum Shops that hasn't been said in the other two hundred reviews? When I visit Las Vegas (usually a few times a year) I always make it a personal mission to visit The Forum Shops.I love walking the modeled Roman streets and checking out the new fashion and gadgets. From D&G to The Apple Store there's every kind of luxury pleasure to enjoy! There are also off the wall shops like the two that offer autographs and memorabilia. At the height of one wing there's a live action animatronic show about The Roman Gods and at the entrance of the new wing there's a beautiful open area with curved escalators and giant Roman statues.Most stores are highly overpriced but it's great for window shopping. There are a few stores that are reasonable but it also depends on who is having a sale when you visit. Overall The Forum Shops is a great way to escape the heat and walk off some calories from the traditional Vegas eats...Sweet Tip: It may seem pricey but the Gelato near Wolfgang Pucks is to die for! Eat it then walk it off ;-)
5	Love this place. I don't particularly shop here, but I do love to stroll through on my way to the Rhumbar. They've got just about everything for everyone. Better than Crystals as it is less pretentious IMO.
5	this is the very first place I shopped at during my first visit to Vegas at the tender age of 14. I've come here every time since.I believe it's the first place in Vegas that started that whole "indoor shopping place that looks like your outdoors" type of deal.There are so many different shops to fit every budget and lots of eateries to suit every taste!!
3	I should preface any review related to Las Vegas by saying I HATE LAS VEGAS...But I guess the forum shops are okay. I mean, if you're in Las Vegas, you're gambling, drinking, or shopping, right? If you're going to be shopping, might as well do it in Roman-themed surroundings.And then there's that little scene that's enacted regularly throughout the day. It's been a while since I've seen it, but as a Classics major I can't say i remember it having anything to do with Roman history or culture.So there you go - you're in Las Vegas but it doesn't have to be 100% awful; there's at least a fraction of a percentage of a good time waiting to be had.
4	If there was a shopping center like The Forum Shops back where I live, I'd be the happiest woman on the face of the Earth. I wouldn't even mind if it were the only place to shop left on this planet, I'd still be happy regardless. Whether it's hot or cold outside, this place is like a breath of fresh air. It's low-lit lighting ambiance is more than welcoming and warm and it's spiral escalators is a piece of work. There is nothing better than to shop at half of the center and grab a bite at some of the finest restaurants like Max Benner and The Cheesecake Factory, practically in the middle and then stop to watch a show. This mall is basically for everyone, whether you shop at low-end stores to upscale boutiques, we're all congregated somewhat! Fantastic architecture that makes a simulation of Rome look like the real deal! i am impressed by how stretchy this mall is (it is Ceasar's Palace after all).
3	Obviously very nice place to visit and shop, but only 3 star for reason being that you have to be in the highest income tax bracket in order to be able to afford anything here. Heck, I could buy the Gucci tie for $150, but why do that when I can go across the street to the mall and get one for $20. I like quality like the rest of us, but theres gotta be reasoning when making a purchase like that. In any case, the Greek show at the end of the mall is always awesome to watch and the ambiance definitely makes you feel like your thousands of miles away.
5	Even if I limited myself just a little bit as to purchasing items from the Forum Shops, I would still need a wheel barrel to carry out ALL of the wonderful finds there are in the Forum.  This was at one time, I think, the major shopping post in Vegas.  Now with fancy to fancIER shops in the Palazzo, the Fashion Show Mall, the Miracle Mile Mall... there is PLENTY to buy and much fun to be had scouting out all the shopping Vegas has to offer.  However, the Forum Shops still hold up.  And throughout the Forum are plenty of casual to fine dining restaurants at which to fuel up energy for more shopping.  And ooh, gelato...I need to start planning on buying that wheel barrel...Oh, and investing in a seriously aggressive money market.
5	I'm a fan. I'm a tourist. I'm also a frequent visitor, and shopping here never gets old. $$ Have fun! $$
5	Went to the Palm Restaurant today with a friend and it was amazing. Expensive but well worth it. Our waiter was patient and informative. Thanks Charles, we will definitely return.
5	I love the Forum shops, Vegas has the best selection!
4	I love the heavenly painted ceiling that lines the whole range of shops!
4	Totally not affordable for Average Joe's, but a GREAT place to come for people watching and window shopping. I mean, unless you're an Average Joe who can afford Gucci, Dolce & Gabbana, etc...The H&M here is GIGANTIC, which is pretty much the highlight of this place if you're looking for affordability. The restaurants are always poppin' here, and this place is consistently crowded. Definitely worth taking a stroll through, to check it out!
5	A fun place to go while in Vegas, it's a beautiful Mall. Try to see the moving statue show, it's really cool. The Guess by Marciano store is a fav here of mine, as is the Hugo Boss store. Service in both was impeccable.
5	Awesome place to people watch and enjoy music.  There is a cool aquarium as well with lots of different tropical fish.
4	It's gotten a little dated, but it's still way cool.
5	Uh what?! I'm surprised I haven't Yelped this place yet.I FREAKIN LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!! Everytime I visit Vegas, I have to come here. This is one of the shopping malls in Vegas that have both high end and budget friendly stores while admiring the BEAUTIFUL, DETAILED architecture. Michael Kors, Louis Vuitton, Juicy Couture, H&M, Victoria Secret, MAC Cosmetics, Bath and Body Works, Tiffany & Co. Ahhh...the wonderful list goes on. =)And my 100th review is for the Forum Shops....=) it's only quite fitting since Nick and I both LOVEEEEEEE Caesar Palace's Forum Shops.
3	Tons of stores and restaurants.Minus 2 stars for.....We made our way, deep into the pits of the forum shop, just to see the Atlantis show. It sucked! All the gods andGoddesses sounded like the teacher from Charlie brown. I don't know who the audio guy is, but fire him. don't bother making your way in for the shows.
4	Hail Caesar!!!!!!!  This place is simply a wonderfully designed mall.  If I am going to be dragged around shopping I at least appreciate being in a place that is decorated in such a manner.Great shops and a wonderful location to people watch.  Minus one star for lack of seating and information maps to guide you around.
3	Super expensive, but the stuff is nice to look at! If you don't come to Vegas to loose your money at the slot machines or on the roulette tables you'll probably end up giving up some serious dough if you plan on shopping here. I know I have!They have some pretty good places to eat like Spago (one of my fav. places to eat in Vegas) so check out the food while you are there.I do come here every time I visit Vegas but the animated show gets crappier and crappier every time I come. I  its really weird. When I was little I enjoyed it but that was like 15 years ago or more. I think they need to either update it or get rid of it.
5	I would say that the glory of this mall would impress Caesar himself. Each time I visited The Forum Shops while living in Las Vegas I always managed to discover something new. While walking down the cobblestone, one can actually forget that they are in what can easily be considered the most tacky and ridiculous places on earth (not that that's a bad thing). My Top 3 Favorite Things:3. The beautiful faux sky ceilings: This feature really is the icing on the ancient Roman cake. It is not only what helps transport your imagination to time of Caesar, but is also simply a breath taking sight that could beatify any space. I wish I could paint all the ceilings of my home just so.2. The half-moon fish tank: Ok, the Poseidon show in front of the take is very strange and does not do it's home any justice, but the fish tank that is it's backdrop is amazing. Not too many things could make eating a piece of Cheesecake Factory lemon-raspberry cheesecake better than being able to munch it while watching all those beautiful fish.1. F. A. O. Schwarz: Calling all children and inner children. This is the toy store of all toy stores. It may be immature of me to say that this is my favorite store in The Forums, but...who cares! I run around this store like a crazy, high on sugar, child. If you've never been you might not understand why, but that is all the more reason to go. :)If you're planning a trip to Las Vegas, this is an excellent place to shop, dine, and be entertained. Be prepared to be "wowed" and probably experience childish excitement.The only word of caution I feel I must give is, cobblestone and heels do NOT mix. So, if you can't get over the fear of looking you're natural height, get over it or break a leg. :)
4	This is always going to be one of my favorite malls.I remember in my younger years (thankfully not too long ago), when I would visit and see the well-lit interior, and no matter what the weather was like outside (usually hot as hell), inside, it was always a perfect 70 or so degrees, bright and sunny. You feel like you are outside. It's well-ventilated.The restaurants are fantastic. All kinds of good stuff from Spago, PJ Clarkes, Palm, and BOA to the Cheesecake Factory (if you are one of THOSE). If you want to go shopping for clothes, shoes and whatnot, you've got TONS of options. You should probably do your homework beforehand. Maybe go to the Web site and plan your route.The other cool thing (but only if you are a tourist) is there are tons of photo ops at the different statues and fountains. It's a very "Roman" mall and has an Italian feel. It's a bit too kitschy for me, but I'm jaded and live here. Don't hate if you know me...I may have just moved here, but I lived here before too. In any case, love this mall. It's on my list of shopping venues.
5	Don't come here if you don't have lots of time.... or lots of money!!! I think this mall is fantastic- even though some stores are slightly out of my price range. They have a wide variety of stores though. Essentially, they have something for everyone. So if you are more Banana Republic and your friend is more Gucci, then it's a perfect place for all! There's also a bunch of good restaurants. And don't forget the other section with the spiral escalators. It's the best place to walk out of the Forum Shops. In case you haven't noticed, it's a little difficult to find an exit. It's a well designed maze of shops to keep you wandering for hours if you don't know where you're going. You almost need a map to find the exit.
5	Sooo pretty!My favorite place to window shop on the Strip!
4	High end mall to shop around. Always fun to walk around nonetheless and browse.
4	Once you walk in the Forum Shops you can see the detail that was put in the place.  The escalators alone are an attraction in itself.Although you can't "splurge" here as much as you can, unless you've musterd up to save up thousands of dollars, if you're a fashionista, it's always nice to be around the nicest and finer things in life.It's so nice and clean, even the restrooms.  It's a must stop shop in LV
5	Yes its crowded and Yes the statues and picture taking get annoying, as you try to make your way through the place; but overall one of the most robust "malls" in Vegas.If you have some extra $ laying around, then you will find many stores that would happily take it, say like $2k for a small clutch purse.They also have some decent merchants like the sporting memorabilia store, Tumi and Tourneau for the watch enthusiast.A Fuente cigar shop is tucked nicely underneath the escalator.  Its WAY overpriced, but with the OPUS X hard to find, you can always grab one here for a 100% markup over retail (that's about $40 a stick here), but hey its Vegas!Tommy Bahama, Kiehls and Sony shops are located in the open atrium and the service at the TB shop is one of the best I have had across the US.  Top notch is still my home store in Northbook,IL.What makes this place great is unlike Bellagio or some other indoor malls, you can actually shop here and not just window browse.
5	Great place to shop in vegas but make sure you have lots of room on your credit card or hit the atm before you go. All high end retailers with quality goods but it will cost you.But hey,its VEGAS! Spend some money,have some fun.
4	I know the fashion show mall is on the top of my list to visit (for shopping), whenever I am in the Vegas area, but for thoses who haven't been here yet, need to visit this place first!  Love the atmosphere and decor!  There are so many structures and details that cannot be missed!  Not to mention the great shops!
4	The scenery was nice with all the goddesses and the "twirling escalator! I was surprised at how big the mall was! I remembered going here as a kid but only remembered the sky and clouds in the mall! Overall the mall is nice to look at but the stuff in there are expensive! My water costed me 3.95 in this shop I went to! But yeah I only purchased a cardigan at h&m this h&m is larger than the one I go to! There are three levels for the shops I went to! Crazy! :) Sadly the talking statues were down for renovation.
5	I absolutely LOVE the shops here!!! Every sexy brand you can think of is here. After going into the LV store, Burberry store, and all those other sexy stores my wallet deflated! LoL I enjoyed the service and the wonderful decor here. My iphone was acting up on me while I was there too so I went in the Apple store to look for a genius. He helped me out and gave me good advice just in case I had the same problem in the future. Good experience at the forum shops! Yay!!! =P
4	Now that I have been to Vegas so many times that I know this mall like the back of my hand, I can appreciate its layout. I know where everything is and where I am no matter which corridor I ventured down. I love the variety of the stores in here. I look at a lot of the real high end stores and picture them as museums, with awesome artifacts and exhibits in the store front windows. You may catch some newly weds walking throughout the forum shop areas as they make their way to some of the nice restaurants in here, Spago or Joe's for example. I love their sephora, express, the club like atmosphere of their H&M, and the fun that I have at their MAC store. This is the only Gucci store that I look forward to shopping at. Yes, I'd go all the way to the Vegas location to shop at Gucci. The trevi fountain is a fun photo spot. The bat ray is always something I look forward to seeing, outside the NIKE store. There are tons of stores and so many different ways to get into trouble in here. This is one of the most amazing malls in the Vegas area.
4	Definitely gets crowded here as it is a popular place, but there are stores of both high and med-high end shops, as well as decent sales. Great restaurants and seating areas in case you get tired or hungry...really can't say anything bad here!
5	If you're not pay attention, you can easily get lost in here. It's pretty and has so many different and wonderful shop to go through. You lose track of time too. haha
5	The Forum Shops is still one of my favorite places to shop in Las Vegas. It's fun, it's exciting, and it's never boring. If you can't afford the steep prices, you can still browse the shops to check out the latest fashions. I like the Roman decor thoughout the mall. It's pretty cool to look at replicas of Roman statutes and ancient antiquities. Oh! And the Living Statute show is quite spectactular to watch and it's FREE!
1	Full of overpriced shops that think they are on Fifth Ave in New York not a sleazy strip of casinos built with losers money.
1	Full of overpriced shops that think they are on Fifth Ave in New York not a sleazy Las Vegas Blvd in a area built with losers money. This is just a Simon Property Mall like in bumfuck USA
3	It's really beautiful but TERRIBLY massive!!!! brought the wrong shoes to this place. So bring good comfortable shoes because you're going to feel like you walked miles and miles... its like a never ending maze there is so much!!!
4	Best to shop here after Christmas for good deals.
5	the reason i love it here is bc the H&M is huge! and i always have to stop by here if i'm in vegas! hahaha. and i always end up buying at least one thing. there's just so much to look at! there are a lot of other stores, but everything is either too expensive or i'm just not interested. haha. it's always a journey to get here, only bc i gotta walk a distance to get here. if only i could afford to stay at caesars! haha. one day, i will!
3	-Biggest H&M!-Niketown-Statue shows-Fat Tuesdays-All of the most popular high-end brands are all in one place! (LV, Cartier, D&G, Chanel, Fendi, Gucci, MK, etc)-Still have a decent selection of more afforable stores (Gap, Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie, Guess, Sephora, etc)-High endThis is the kind of mall that will make you feel like royalty if you have the $$$ to burn. If you're broke, this mall will rub it in your face even more.
4	This is a wonderful place to go to do all kinds of shopping. With stores like Gap, Sephora, M.A.C, H & M, who can go wrong? Window shopping is fun too for the places I only WISH to shop at someday! lol! With all that walking you might need a snack as well. The Planet Hollywood restaurant was very meh, however Max Brenner makes up for it! Chocolate Pizza! Yay!
4	What a lovely place to stroll.  For the most part I can't afford to do more than window shop.  I have spent some time more than once on the "patio" of Fat Tuesdays drinking a margarita and watching the Atlantis show and I bought a birthday present cap at the now gone Ferrari store.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, regardless where I am staying, I have to trek over to Caesar's just to go to the Forum Shops. I have loved this place since I was a teenager and though there are tons of high end places, there are more than enough regular old places to shop as well. Restaurants have come and gone (I miss the Stage Deli) but have found PJ Harvey's now, and luckily can spend hours here without spending a lot of money (unless I want to).I will definitely be back!
4	Great shops, and you can spend a lot of time just looking at all the high end products! My personal favorite is the Nike Store (big sports guy). They have lots of luxury brands, and there are more affordable stores as well. The only con is that you will probably leave with an empty wallet!
4	Free wifi in the middle at a jewelry store or go to the Apple store to check emails.
5	I love this shopping area...very pretty, very comfortable, SMOKE FREE!
4	What a great place to window shop!There is an incredible level of attention to architectural detail in this shopping mall to make you feel almost like you're really in Rome. Gorgeous statues, fresco-style paintings, and walkway elements pull the whole effect together.As beautiful as the Venetian is just down the road, I have to say that I like the interior of the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace even more. Very nicely done.
5	A perfect place to (window) shop in Vegas or just to walk around to take a break from gambling. There's a good mix between high end stores and more affordable stores. There's also a gigantic Niketown and H&M. There's a few restaurants here. It's also smoke-free.I grabbed a half yard mai tai at one of the vendors in the middle of the mall, and from thereon got my drink on and window shopping on. apparently there's a show at the fountain at the top of every hour but i missed it. So basically it's a pretty cool place to walk around or people watch if you've got time to kill before a dinner/show/etc.
4	The Forum Shops supplies the most budget conscious to the I-don't-care-imma-fing-balller fun shopping experience. So there's something for everyone. The deco is really nice and I loved riding down their winding escalators. I heard that they housed the 3-story H&M so I had to go check it out. Ended up being too overwhelmed by their selection so I settled with a purse haha. The Shops offer a a great experiences especially to those who want to go see the famous "sky" ceilings for the first time. Haha I remember being so amazed when I saw it. It's so neat 'cause it imitates the weather outside!
4	As others mentioned, this is a great place to window shop, people watch, and just enjoy the sights. We spent a few hours here with 2 other couples. No one bought anything but we still had a good time. The blue sky with white clouds ceiling is cool but other malls in Vegas have it too. My wife loves the architecture here better than the rest.I wonder how the high end shops that only 1% of the population can afford to shop in stay in business here.
4	Great selection, nice location with brick walkways, water fountains and plenty of restaurants.  Good for shopping and for photos.  High end stores here mixed with affordable labels too.  Not just clothing, but also gifts, kids things, cigars, and more.
4	A must in Vegas! Treat yourself to something tasty at Fat Tuesday at the end of the mall and make your way back, having a better time then you would sober.They also have bar stands in the middle of the mall. They'll have everything, but it's pricey.Check out the H&M-big store and some clothes I'd had seen anywhere else. The fountain is a great picture opportunity, and if you need to relax because you're wearing cute show that aren't so comfortable after walking all day on The Strip, there are plenty of benches.If you're looking for Caesar's Palace merchandise, there's a stand in the mall with cool stuff.
4	Love it that they have a lot of high end stores here.
5	Walking around a mall full of high end expensive shops is not my idea of a good time. But when I had the opportunity to meet Pete Rose and Dick Butkus it changed my previous aversion. Unfortunately Pete could not give me any good gambling tips...
4	Beautiful facility with plenty of options.
4	This is not a true "mall", as it doesn't have any department/flagship stores, but it has a great mix of high and low end shops, with a lean toward the high end.  There's everything from H&M, Gap,  Express, and  Bath & Body Works on the one hand, to Gucci, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, on the other.  There is also an Apple store, Guess, Bebe, MAC, Victoria's Secret, and a slew of brands I've never even heard of.  There are also a number of  restaurants, including  Spago, The Palm, Cheesecake Factory and Joe's Stone Crab, and of course Fat Tuesday! Just when you think that you've reached the end of the shops, turn a corner and you'll be in the "new" section with even more stores for your browsing and buying pleasure.  Of course, you can't miss the "sky" ceilings and the cheesy Atlantis animated shows.My only complaint is the cobblestone floors- if you're wearing heels, this can be a bit tricky.   And of course, watch out for all of the tourists taking pictures at the fountains!
5	gorgeous shopping palace. walked in and felt like a princess. too bad I didn't carry enough money to buy anything! The statues and the little waters were just beautiful. It brought back fond memories of my first time stepping into this palace when I was a child. It hasn't changed a bit! Lots of variety of shops, eateries, clubs..etc. LIKE IT.
2	If you live in vegas, the best place to shop is NOT the forum shops. Sure they have an Apple Store, but there is another one, not too far away at Town Center, that has a friendlier staff. This whole mall is just a big tourist trap.First you go in, depending on where you enter at, and it feels like you are being herded around like a flock of sheep. You literally have one of two directions you can go, forward or backwards. There is no way to get from one store to another, unless you pass every store between to get to it, unlike a regular mall which has "branches" of hallways or interconnection hallways that run parallel to one another.On top of that, the prices here are RIDICULOUS. Who can justify paying $12 for coffe, when at most, when you hit Starbuck, you are looking at $5. And not even gourmet coffee, crap coffee. Even the Apple Store has higher prices here, for the same computer you can get 4 miles away. Don't even get me started on clothing. If you really want to spend.... your life's savings, on your next shirt, go for it. More power to you. I mean I make a decent pay, but this whole place is a joke when it comes to pricing. The only saving grace about this whole place is the cool statue guys that stand still for hours on end for tips. You can literally fake punch them, tell them jokes, dance in front of them, fake fall in front of them, and they won't move. They are great. Besides that this place is basically just another location for tourists to throw money away.
5	Did some one say Max Brenner's? Out of the many shopping centers in Vegas, The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace is by far my favorite. This place has something for everyone. They've got lots of high end stores. They've got some souvenir shops. They've got a bunch of restaurants (Just the fact that Max Brenner is hear automatically gets them five stars)They've even got a cool fountain that has moving statues. Pretty coolSeriously, every time I'm in Vegas I visit the Forum Shops multiple times. My last visit I went four times, three of them were to visit Max Brenner, one of my favorite places in Vegas.
5	Always a nice quiet place just steps off of the strip to take a break.
5	The Forum Shops are one of a kind. Thats why I enjoy it. As another yelper stated, if you are a local the workers are surprised. They have Gucci, Tumi, Fendi, and great restaurants. My personal favorite shop is Banana Republic.
5	A shopping excursion on the Las Vegas trip wouldn't be complete without a visit to the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.This mall has an array of shops and restaurants to satisfy (most likely) even the most bargains driven shopper. From luxury retailers Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, to more casual fare like Gap, Banana Republic, and Express, clothing stores abound to cater to shoppers from all sections of the financial spectrum.Apart from the endless shopping possibilities, I appreciate the fact that there are "things" to "ooh" and "ahh" over time and time again:1)  For some reason, the Atlantis show, complete with moving statues, steam and fire, combined with an adventurous audio story give tourists that "wow" factor that Vegas is known for.  2)  The Aquarium near the Cheesecake Factory is home to many creatures of the sea and should prove to be a delight for many, especially those of younger ages.3)  Various water fountains throughout the new and old wings of the Forum Shops are sure to please locals and tourists alike.4)  The NEW H&M store is gigantic!!  The store took over the former space from toy store FAO Schwarz and is definitely a spectacle and shoppers dream.5)  The new wing/section of the Forum Shops are sure to make even the most conservative person's jaw drop.  Its an awe-inspiring 3 story addition to the forum shops complete with circular escalators, skylights, larger than life Roman-esque statues, and of course water fountains/water features on the first floor.And of course, one of the best parts about this mall:  Valet Parking.  Of course, this comes as no surprise since this is Vegas after all........... it's just nice to have the convenience of having your car brought to you instead of hauling all those shopping bags back to your car.Bottom Line:  Shopping holds no bounds at the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.
4	This mall has a great selection of stores for clothes shopping; H&M, Guess (a large one that actually carries more of their men's clothing than the other stores in the area) and the high end stuff like D&G, Armani, etc. A new Sephora store with a very helpful staff is further reason to shop here.
5	Lots of upscale stores at the Forum Shops, plus several beautiful water fountains throughout the mall. I liked their Fall Of Atlantis water show with their moving statues, steam, and fire, along with the adventurous audio story. They recently opened a new H&M store, and boy does it stand out when you're going through one part of the mall (right before you hit Cheesecake Factory).
5	There's nothing to complain about here. They have a La Perla and Wolford and all the other higher end brands. I could and have shopped for several hours here!
5	5 stars just for scenery, and free show. The mall looks amazing. Not your typical malls you see everyday. I'm sad to see FAO go. The layout and structure is odd that makes it confusing where some stores are. If you're in the casino you don't have to go outside just to enter the mall. It's connected to casino, close to the Coliseum which is also in side the casino. They have all kind of stores from high end to low end such as HM. You might not find great bargains here but it's a worth a tip just to see how nice the shops are. Also they have many dining options. None of them are cheap. Planet Hollywood would be cheapest dining option here.
4	The Forum shops might have all the ultra-high-end stores, but don't brush it off as another Crystals or Bellagio mall.  You can find almost anything your heart desires including Gap, Banana Republic, and Lucky just to name a few.  The place is enormous and you can easily get lost, but you won't mind because you'll be too busy window shopping and people watching to really notice.There are plenty of restaurant options, although most of them are on the pricey side.  I highly recommend making reservations because they all pack up pretty quickly.For the tourists: Definitely add this to your list of things to do in Vegas.  Make sure to find the newer area of the mall that has winding escalators.
4	This is a great place to kill some time in Vegas between eating, drinking, and gambling.  They have a lot of great shops and it's fun to look around, from the high end places to the regular mall shops like Banana Republic and Gap.  It's kind of surreal at first because you're stepping out of a casino into this dynamic shopping area suddenly, but it's also designed to be familiar and a treat for the senses so you get accustomed rather quickly.  They've built a large extension in the rear entrance, with pillars and giant roman statues, and a couple of large fountains and animatronic statues that add to the surrealism.Worth a visit if you want to see what extent excessive unlucky tourist gambler money can build.
4	nice selection of shops and places to eat.  it can be crowded and hard to navigate your way around but this place is definitely beautiful and worth visiting.
4	Excellent shopping and restaurants under one roof.
4	I love the Forrum shops at Caesars Palace! It really is some of the best shopping in Las Vegas. If your looking for high end spare no cost shopping or your on a budget they have it! In addition to the great shopping there are great dining options there as well.
2	Probably my least favorite of the luxury shops on the Strip - Forum Shops is super dark, shops here are smaller and wasn't impressed with selection or layout. Takes awhile to hit the shops walking through Caesars casino (cavelike). Much prefer selection at Wynn-Encore Esplanade or the airy feel of Crystals. Found the Romanesque statues and frescoes a bit kitschy vs. Grand Canal shops at the Venetian. Armani was the sole shop worth stopping in. Main area by Max Brenner felt  like a total mess.
5	if you know me, you know I'm a mall fanatic. FANATIC.THIS is the creme de la creme of ALL THE MALLS.Just going through this mall made me happy and well, pleased. Awesome stores from Jcrew to Cartier. Love it!
5	Free Shows or Things to do: 1)  Festival Fountain Show  -Show plays every hour on the hour.-Show is seven minutes long.-Your little ones will love it!  -Located at west end of Forums Shops at Caesar's Palace.2)  50,000 gallon salt water aquarium-Located behind the Fall of Atlantis Show-Features more than 300 fish-Several Sting Rays-My kids could watch fish swim all day3)  Fall of Atlantis -Located near Cheesecake Factory  -Life like animatronic statuesThe fountain show uses animatronic statues (including a scary 20-foot winged dragon) while incorporating an awesome fire and water show. Get your video camera ready for the dramatic, mind-blowing special effects, neon lights and the surrounding fountains. For a second, you forget you're in a mall.  My kids loved the show.  I wish I had video tapped my youngest facial reactions as the flames emerged from the stage.  4)  Remember to check out the 3 story spiral escalator and bask in the beautiful architecture.  There are huge statues of women at each corner and a beautiful fountain on the first floor.  Shops:  OMG, this place has over 160 shops, A 3-story H & M, and several world renown restaurants.  You can totally get lost in this mall.  I had asked several workers on how to get to a certain store and they lead me in the wrong direction.  We spent several hours here with no complaints from my husband or a hint of urgency to leave.  My kids also enjoyed just looking at the magnificent sights around them and gave me a worry free shopping time :)
4	Gorgeous place.. As far as the shopping, it overwhelmed me.. I'm more of a small boutique type of person. But I did love the H&M there, huge and clean! I love the artwork and could not keep my eyes off them.
5	I looooooove the Forum Shops!I can walk in here looking busted and still feel like I'm rich.  I've gone shopping here with people who have spent $$$ and I've also walked this place solo window shopping and what I like about these high end designer stores is that I've never had a "Pretty Woman" moment.  Meaning, none of the employees have ever made me feel like I couldn't afford what's in their store.  Hey sometimes I can and don't want to spend and sometimes it's clear I can't buy those $800 pair of shoes.
4	A great place, with only one downside. I cant afford most of the stuff!but really, if you are in Vegas, and want to shop, THIS is the PLACE to goEvery top end designer and shop you can imagine (and some lower ones like H&M as well)Do Vegas the right way. Go there, get a new suit or dress, and go out on Vegas in style.(but also, be ready to walk. It is long inside, goes on forever - since there are so many shops - and it almost seems like you are outside with the nice painted ceiling~!)
5	Caesars. Free shows.  A bigass aquarium. Fat Tuesdays.  Vuitton.  Versace.  A two-story Nike.  A three-story H&M.And it's not that crowded.This is the epicenter of shopping at Las Vegas.
5	Beautiful, classy, and best of all, AIR-CONDITIONED.I know most people focus on the great stores you can find here -- which are definitely top-of-the-line-I-can't-afford-half-of-these-clothes kind of awesome -- but I come here to sit around by the fountains and people watch. I come to Vegas almost every summer, and I make sure to pay a visit to the Forum every time. Not only is it a prime example of fine imitation architecture, but it's also the place to hide in during the unforgiving noon hours of Vegas summers. It's actually pretty huge inside -- I never knew that the Forum had an extension (which is what I call it since I haven't been in there often) which looks like a real street compared to the Venetian across the street. The gelato is to die for. mm-mm-mm.
3	Your typical fancy, schmancy, high-end stores.. So stuff I naturally can't afford, at least not yet.. Well there are regular people stores too but nothing extraordinary that you can't get at your local malls.. Still, a nice place to go to when you wanna beat the Vegas heat.. Can't beat free air conditioning!
4	Again, a man designed this place. I love shopping here and enjoy the stores very much.  What I really hate is navigating down the corridors. They have the same glossy cobblestone flooring found in the Paris which is a NIGHTMARE for women who wear heels!!!  It's like walking over landmines that you know you are about to be taken out by the fall- down- on -your- butt- sniper.There's lots to see here, lots to do, and lots to eat!
4	As old as I am now, I have fond memories of walking through the Forum Shops hand in hand with my parents. My parents used to take the family to Vegas at least once a year and for as long as I can remember, the Forum Shops have been there. I was always in awe of the bright blue sky above me. It's a beautiful space and Caesar does a great job with the upkeep. It's looks the same as it always have, maybe even better, since they added that awesome aquarium next to The Cheesecake Factory.The shops are mostly high-end, top of the line designer merchandise and if you're looking to spend a couple thousand of dollars, you'll definitely find stuff worthy of your money here. Best of all, it's air-conditioned and it feels amazing after you've been walking around outside in the torturous Vegas heat!
4	Giant H&M--need I say more? I love this place, I have since I was little, but it's intense. It can be loud, confusing because of the various additions, and the animatronic show areas can get so crowded (also, they are not that cool anymore. Like, the robots are busted and generally crappy looking. I'm certain you can afford to repair them, Caesars). I learned on Wikipedia that it's the highest grossing mall in America, which is insane considering I have spent a lot of time in the Mall of America and I feel like that is the mecca of consumerism, but I digress. It's got a lot of stores, and if you can't find what you're looking for, you can go next door to Fashion Show. Like others have said, don't wear heels unless you want a busted tailbone. There are  of food options as well (check out the Chippery! I loved it!). And of course, a GIANT H&M.
5	The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is ginormous!  Be sure to have your walking shoes on, and be ready to loose all sense of time in this other world of Las Vegas. When you walk this labyrinth of shops the sky is painted about and your  circadian rhythms will tune to a different drummer as the lighting slowly changes your internal clock. There are shops of every kind and be sure to explore all the cul de sacs as they have hidden treasures in each one!Enjoy, and be sure to save enough energy for the trek out as finding your way back from whence you came can be very daunting!
4	Massive indoor shopping complex. If you don't know the layout, be ready to wander a lot. However, if you've got money to burn after a successful night at the casino, this place has everything you could want. Just be warned that there are various shows throughout the shopping area so crowds can gather around hubs at various time throughout the day which means you're going to have to fight your way through if you've got somewhere to be.
5	Where else do you want to be in Vegas after a big win?  At the forum shops! Anything you could imagine is located here, all the big pricey brands... Shop til you drop. If you don't happen to be a guest of the hotel just valet- its easier than walking what seems to be three miles
5	I did a lot of walking around in the Forum Shops this past week.  After every big meal I ate, I walked through the Forum Shops for exercise haha.  I don't know if it was just me but it seemed a lot smaller this time and less shops.  I don't know what happened but all of a sudden I'd hit a dead end and have to turn back around to go in another direction.Either way though, the Forum Shops is the place to be!
4	Whaaaaa... Did not even know this place existed till today. My main goal was to check out Payard patisserie and bistro, but was easily pulled into the shops direction. As I kept on walking into the forums shop I totally forgot what I went to Caesars for, I felt like I needed to discover what stores they offered. From all the other H&M stores I've been too, this was one of the better ones, more selections for guys forshure. Definitely taking the homies to the forum shops when they come up to Vegas.
4	If you're looking to spend more money than what you already have on your hotel, drinks, and gambling combined, then definitely take a stroll through the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. Every high-end store you could possibly think of like Christian Dior, D&G, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany & Co., and much much more is available. Another plus too is that it is an indoor mall if you're also trying to avoid the heat. They have maps all over the place, yet the layout can be a little confusing still... so also make sure to note where your local concierge is as well!
5	Walked into almost every shop. The Forum Shops are awesome, it's the place to be!
3	A little disappointing since its just an over the too mall, basically.  Nothing you can't find in any other US city.  It's fun to experience once, but it doesn't have the artistry of the Venetian shops.
5	Far and away, my favorite shopping destination on the planet. Seriously. It has everything I want and even some things that I need. Valet is good and efficient, there is literally somethingnfor everyone here. Even if you cant think of anything else do to, its a great time killer.
5	I just can't ever get enough of this place. I love the variety of stores. The options for food is just awesome. I love the sky that changes above you as you walk through.They have a cool salt water tank near The Cheesecake Factory and a free show where statues come to life.Fun to walk through even if you aren't buying anything!
3	This place is huge! We always manage to get lost in this place. It's literally a maze - you need to take certain elevators to get to certain places. It's very confusing, but thank goodness there are many directories to aid you. There's a great mixture of shops here : Prada, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, etc. mixed with Marc Jacobs, Anthropologie, Victoria's Secret, etc. There are so many distractions here, with huge fountains, gelato stands, and a fish tank somewhere in this maze. It's an indoor mall ( wouldn't want you to overheat while strutting around in your Louboutins with your Chanel handbag (;  ) that is mercifully kept very cool. It's pretty dark, but I think that may be a contributor to their atmosphere. It's very cavernous, with many glittering shop fronts tempting you to come in and spend money. There are plenty of places to eat, drink coffee, and people watch. For those not willing to spend more money than necessary, there is a Cheesecake factory (though the wait is painful). Other than that, I'm not quite sure what else there is, tbh. Be very careful if you decide on wearing heels to this place. Most of the flooring in the mall is covered with a faux "cobblestone" design. My heel kept getting caught in the dips between the "cobblestones." Beware, or you will end up with a sprained ankle, if not worse. ( But, knock on wood, you'll be fine.  )I'm just very happy that this place houses the only Anthropologie on the Strip. Sales!
5	Wow, just wow. Came here at about 10 pm. I didn't even go to any stores, the mall walk is just brilliant, There is so much to look at! The fish tank at the end is just incredible and the talking statues is one of the highlights of the mall, You can spend Hours in here just wandering around!
3	'spensive!That's what I think when I think of the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  It's fun to look, but that mall is out of my income bracket, in general.  We stopped by because I could not remember if I'd ever seen the Fall of Atlantis show and I wanted to check it out.  Boy did I feel stupid after we did see it.  It's soooooo cheesy.  I mean, by all means, go if you really want to see a silly show with horrible sound, but it's really bad.  Totally for kids.But, we did walk through the whole Forum shops while waiting for it and it was fun to window shop at all of the places I wouldn't be spending money.  Only bummer was that there used to be a really nice gallery in there that I loved and it's gone.  It has been a LONG time since I was there!  And, after the awful Fall of Atlantis show you can always get some yum at Cheesecake Factory!
5	Still the best mall in Vegas, in my opinion. NikeTown is usually my destination. Louis Vuitton has a big space. So does Gucci... I can wax poetic on all the stores but the ambiance & styling of the Forum Shops is the blueprint for a lot of the nicer Vegas malls on the strip. The ceiling that portrays daytime/nighttime features, the fountain shows, the center fountain, the cobblestone walkways, the aquarium.... Forum Shops is still the best. I always make a trip whenever I'm in town.
3	The food court is a winner. Go to the Salad bar for a custom salad with Anything and Everything you could ever want for $12! Win! The shops are nothing special and I prefer Fashion Show Mall.
5	I love my high end shopping! Even if most of it is window shopping. They have a ton of stores I don't get where I live. So instead of going to Nordstrom and getting a select amount of stuff from great retailers. I get an entire store of the things I love from the brand I love. They have a ton of great restaurants as well. And for some reason I always have to go the Cheese Cake Factory here? Don't know why? But it probably has something to do the fact it was the first one I ever came too. Oh I will be back and leave with a lot less money. And do it with a smile on my face, unlike losing all my money in the casino.
4	If you would like to escape into a wonderful shopping experience, The Forum shops are for you. I recently purchased a pair of wonderful sandals at the" Walking Company"They have a great selection of stores, the mall is gorgeous, Yummy places to eat and a great place to retreat from the hussle and bussle of the strip...With that being said it can still get very hectic during the holiday season. Parking can be a bit of a hassle and Valet can be slow. I love the extras they have added for your visual enjoyment such a salt water tank in front of the "Cheese Cake Factory" and a "Fall of Atlantis and Festival show" which starts at 10 am and goes every hour on the hour and last for 10 min. Sun. - Thurs. until 11 pmFri. - Sat. until midnight (show is free)Can be a lttle pricey for shopping...However a great place to wander and look!
5	Shopping mall experience like no other!Just by looking at the entrance, feels like your walking in a Roman agora with authentic buildings, beautiful statues and don't forget the rotubda entrance by the strip with the circular escalator. To get to the 2nd floor from the strip entrance, you'd have to walk to the left side of the escalator and when you get to the 2nd floor, you'd have to walk all the way around (typical design tactic to make you shop at their stores) to get to the main part of the mall. They have 2 fountain shows:Festival of the GodsFall of AtlantisThe stores here are very high end like; Louis Vuitton, Escada, Chanel, Prada etc.. and some affordable stores for the budget friendly. Some of the restaurants very upscale like Trevi and Spago which has excellent pizza and great patio seating that's great to people watch.During the holidays, this mall can get very packed and you'll see some lines of people waiting to get inside the store.
5	Caesars is one of the most beautiful casinos to walk through, you might not actually buy anything here but it is fun to browse and feel like royalty while wandering the endless maze of couture finds and the beautifully gaudy interpretation of an old roman palace.I love it- only in Vegas!
4	Lots of fun shopping to do!  But do not wear high heels, you are going to be miserable!!!!!!!!  The ground is stone and is very uneven, beautiful but not a place for good shoes!  Lots of stores, MAC, Nike, those two are some of my favorites!  Always something going on there.  Its a great place to walk around, talk, shop and drink coffee.
5	Great shopping for him and her under one roof. The food/drink selections throughout while walking are great. Great location, easy access.
5	WOW. BestPlaceToShopEVER. Between the amazing architecture, ceilings that look like the sky, water fountains surrounded by the Greek gods, and the variety of places to spend money and take a peek at, I was in heaven. This place is ginormous. I'm not kidding. I didn't think it was ever going to end. Right when you think you've reached the end, there is another staircase. There are plenty of places to sit down and eat as well. I would say that most stores here are higher-end stores (Prada, Gucci. etc.). They have some unique stores that I've never seen before either. This is a must-see if you come to Vegas!
5	The forum shops are awesome - as well as Caesars itself. Tons of stores here to choose from.
5	- The nicest ambiance what with the Roman statues, fountains, faux cobble-stone flooring, painted sky-ceiling.  I prefer it to the Venetian (their canal is ok), the chic sterility of Crystals at CityCenter and the standard-mall look of Fashion Show.- Full spectrum of shops: H&M, Banana Republic all the way to Tiffany's, Louis Vuitton plus harder to find stores such as Uggs (which also carries men's shoes) and Kiehl's.- Good selection of restaurants: standard Cheesecake Factory and fancy stuff including Spago by Wolfgang Puck which turns out was the original (1992) trailblazer in opening up a Vegas eatery by a big-name chef.
5	It was my first time in Las Vegas, and I'm not really a gambler, but I love to shop! The Forum Shops has everything you can think of and more, from retail clothing stores to fine dining to art galleries. The decor is entertaining and really emphasizes the over-the-top Vegas experience. I had fun just browsing around and discovering everything that this shopping mall has to offer!
4	The Forum Shops at Caesars is a awesome place! There are amazing restaurants and fun places to shop. The environment is fun so it is also great place to just walk around and take pictures. If you are visiting Vegas I think this is a must see. The only downside i see here is it is huge so wear comfortable shoes because you will do a lot of walking. Also, it is expensive. There are some cheaper stores and restaurants but most of it is high end.
5	Very well done. There are a million shops here with everything you could imagine. Definitely worth a trip.
4	Find yourself in a winning streak? I'm sure this mall will clean your wallet out with no problems. A good variety of upscale stores with some mid to low end stores to appeal to any customer. If you're determined to shop your head off, this is definitely the stop for you. There is a fun touristy vibe if you're into that, but there are times during high season when you feel like a sardine in a can and it's really just a lot of frowning.
1	This review is for the Ciao Ciao (gelato)/bar shop only. your customer service stinks. i was beginning to think they make too much money since they would not sell me a second beer. after waiting in line patiently, they told me they they would not sell me beer. i couldnt figure it out since i did nothing wrong on my part. but then, a simple solution came to mind, their service blows and they can kiss my a$$.Thank you, Yelp!=)
4	This place was crazy huge. It was nice walking around and that they had shops for all economical wallets. Louis V to H&M I think that's a pretty steep array of shops to choose from. A definite retry next time when I have money.
5	The Forum Shops are in one of the best and beautiful hotels in Vegas (Caesars Palace).  I love the way they painted blue skies and white clouds onto the ceiling -- it's so quaint.  The shopping area is also dotted w/ replicas of Roman architecture and art.  It may look gaudy to some, but it's very unapologetically Vegas. The best part of the Forum Shops is that it mixes what I call middle class shops (like Express, Victoria's Secret, etc.) with upscale boutiques (i.e. Judith Leiber, Rolex, Cartier, etc.).  So you get a little of everything, and your shopping experience is definitely complete.  Also, when you visit the more upscale stores, the employees are accommodating and not at all snobby like they can be if you shopped in a super upscale part of L.A. or N.Y.  In addition, they have an array of eateries, like restaurants, bars, and gelato parlors.  My absolute favorite store is definitely Rolex.  I would recommend The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace if you want to shop on a Vegas vacation.
4	The Forum Shops can be accessed wither from inside of Caesars palace, underground valet or from the strip.  The interior of the shops are separated into two different sections.  The entrance off of the strip will take you into a circular 3 floor shopping area.  Go up a floor and you can access the "Y" shaped single story main forum shops.  The shops are on each side of you and there is an awesome painted sky with clouds above.  Some of the most top notch stores are in here from and the selections are endless.  You can also eat at several different places (Cheese Cake factory, Spago, Planet Hollywood, Sushi Roku...etc..)  Outside of the Cheese Cake factory is a large fountain with statues.  Every hour or so the statues come to life and there is a pretty cool show.The forum shops are a great place to spend hours of shopping, eating and there are plenty of spot to take great photographs.  On the weekends and holidays it will get very busy, so taking a cab or walking is recommended to avoid the parking garage.  Some of my favorite shopping places are; Nike, Guess and a large antiques/art picture place.  Go there and check it out, you will not be disappointed.
5	I really like this place. Even as a kid I loved the atmosphere here. The clouds up on the ceilings and the Italian roman atmosphere...feels like I am in shopaholic heaven! There are tons of designer stores elegantly placed and there are regular affordable stores too! I wonder...how does this place survive? Do people actually drop all their cash in any of these fancy stores? Well whatever it is nice to window shop and look around at! Makes me feel like I should find a sugar daddy in Vegas...JK. Anyway this is a great tourist spot too! Love everything about this place! I seriously felt relaxed shopping here.
4	Can I get real with you here for a second? I am a girl that loves window shopping (and real shopping too, sometimes the funds just don't agree). And this? THIS is the place to do some SERIOUS window (and real) shopping.Tons of stores to pick from. A plethora of things to look at just while walking through, without even entering the stores.One can kill some serious time, and cash, here.
4	Pretty. But I can only window shop here. It's all good. I know my place. Cool place to see.
5	Even after all these years, this place is still stunning.  The statues are beautiful and the waterfalls are soothing.  Yes, a lot of the stores are overpriced and for big shots only.  But there are also a lot of other great places here for every day slobs like me.  And the best part about this place?  No smoking allowed.One of the stores I like is Antiquities.  Some great old time memorabilia here, though expensive.  And I love the sports stores that have famous athletes come by every so often. And the gelato store, yummy!The mall is so extensive that it is easy to get confused.  But if I'm going to be lost somewhere, this is the place.
2	2.5 StarsThis place is optically bright and pretty. I also found a Cheesecake Factory hidden inside :) But the layout (like some other things in Vegas) does not make a whole lot of sense.  I had a general uncomfortable feeling here, can't really explain why. The restrooms and finding the exits is next to impossible. It takes what seems like forever to walk. Las Vegas does a lot of things bigger and better, but Malls are not always one them ;)
3	I really don't come to Vegas to shop, and the shops at the Forum are no different than the shops in most malls across the country.  It is a cool place to walk through and probably even cooler with the fountain statues are working.  If you drink one of the yard drinks and look up at the ceiling, it looks like the sky is moving ;)
4	This is a really super cool and very nice mall.  They have lots of shops and its easy to get lost with the way this massive place is organized.  If you have to get dragged around for hours on end inside of a mall this would be one of the most pleasant places to have to undergo such an experience.  They have several top line stores along with many more familiar spots.
4	Beautiful architecture, makes you feel so small when you reach the water feature near the escalators in the front. A wide variety of shopping, like a really wide variety!!! I ate at the Cheescake factory here and expect some corny Las Vegas animatric shows. Its really fun to hanng out and leaisure with family and friends. Great for tourists alike!! I would definitely stop by here again if I want to visit Vegas again.
4	Lovely shops...lovely fountains and statues inside. There are high end and shops and more affordable stores as well. Beautiful.
5	I love the Forum Shops!! H&M, Victoria's Secret, Apple, Nike...what more could a girl want?!And the Forum Shops offer an array of dining experiences to select from, both casual to high-end.
4	This is the coolest place to shop on the strip.  There is a good mix of high end and medium retailers here.  The drawbacks being it is difficult fo find your way out of this maze and food is very expensive inside.  Still our favorite place to shop in Vegas though.  I am not sure but I think the Statue of the God's show and other statues that came to life are currently not running :(
4	This place has really grown since I was little, I always remember walking around here. I stil really like this place because it has a lot of different shops that aren't just for a certain person. They have everything from the high end stuff to the casual stuff like Nike. I guess now they also have a three story H&M that replaced the FAOschwartz that shut down a few years ago.
4	There was an array of shops, restaurants included. The escalators are equally as beautiful as the rest of the facility. The mall is huge and the decor looks straight out a Roman Empire. Great place to shop or just browse. There is a moving statue show which is a fun show to watch for those with children. Definitely worth a stop!
4	My daughter's first thought once we walked into the Forum Shops at Caesars was "wow, we're  ballin'.  I had to respond that we were here to shop, not buy.  But that didn't stop her from dreaming.  The Forum starts off with the Richie Rich type stores, the type of stores where money isn't the issue.  But the Forum caters to a mix of different clientels from your rich to average middle class.  Walk towards the end of the Forum and you're faced with H&M, Nike, and Cheesecake Factory.  I love the Niketown and Apple here.  My daughter was impressed with their H&M.  It's really the H&M that wowed her about the Forum.  Quote from Daughter C. after visiting the H&M here "I think I've gone to heaven."   Regarding food, there's plenty of eats in Caesars and even a few inside the Forum.  After a great big meal, a stroll through the Forum is perfect to walk off some of those new found calories.  The Forum itself is clean, classy, and luxurious.  PS:  Funny how in almost every store we walked into, we were asked where we live.  It's almost like they're surprised to see locals frequent this place.
3	This place has TONS of stuff.  Unfortunately for me, I don't like to pay huge premiums on my purchases so I only walk through this place to get to somewhere else.  Very nice interior, and a great assortment of overpriced goods.  Maybe someday when money is no object, I can shop here without worrying about paying a mortgage.
4	Great mall. It has a nice mix of luxury and regular stores, as well as some awesome restaurants too. It is fun to window shop, especially at Tiffany's...a girl can dream! Check it out if you are in the neighborhood.
4	This is the one, the only, the original high-end mall in Vegas.Please note. If you need to ask "how much?"... You are likely shopping at the wrong place. Window shopping, however, remains free to all!
5	My Favorite mall in Vegas. There's something for everyone on any budget. Very impressive.
4	I have a love-hate relationship with The Forum Shops at Caesars.I love this place because of the architecture and the theming. I'm a sucker for theming. I also love this place because there are plenty of stores I can afford.Also, certain stores like H&M, Sephora, Tiffany & Co, MAC cosmetics (this is a pro store for all you MAC fanatics) and Victoria Secrets are "Vegas-out". Meaning these can be the flagship, larger than typical stores and is usually fully stocked with merchandise.Now...I hate this place because there are plenty of stores I cannot afford. -__- Or if I DO decide to shop in these $$$$$$$ stores, there goes my paychecks and it will drain my bank account in 5 seconds. I've told myself if I ever won the lotto or if a $50 bill is equivalent to a $1 for me, I would totally blow all that cash here!! Imagine the possibilities....ahh, a girl can dream...
5	I might need a third job...but this is a great spot for shopping, dinning, just skip that Atlantic show...it hurts my ears every time I go shopping at Marciano, so lately I've only been stopping at Diesel for shopping! Not a fan of the H&M store, might be just the very loud music, that might affect my shopping abilities, but stay as far as I can from it. Also, the Illy cafe has a great view over the strip and has the best coffee in town, that you can add alcohol to! That's a great advantage when you're on the strip and in need of a hot or cold drink, must try they Lattes with Baileys :)Before you leave, try some Jimmy Choo shoes !
5	It's the closet thing to the mall that you will get on the strip, at inflated prices. Personally other than FAO I've never actually bought anything, just browsed. It is a good way to kill time, look at expensive stores and admire the decor inside the mall. For the most part, the store are no different than the ones we have in Vancouver. I enjoy the feeling that you're outside instead of in a mall (faux cloud roof). It is actually a big mall worth checking out, just not strip shops.
5	I am a local here in Las Vegas but love visiting this mini mall over fashion show any day. Regardless of how pricey it is due to it being inside the hotel. I am very entertained with the different statues of greek gods and wall murals. It does not feel like I am in Las Vegas at all. Towards the end of the forum shops a mini show happens every hour, just a bunch of animated god/goddess with a story to tell. If you love The Cheese Cake Factory you would not miss it atl it. It is right there!!!!You will also find the apple store, christian loubton, nike, h&m and many more other shops in here. But do not forget everything is expensive in the strip so if you want to save a little more, outlets south end of the strip and north end are available. Two ways of getting in here from Las Vegas Blvd, either you do Valet at the main entrance where you check in or if you head out to the right side of Caesars you will also notice the valet for the mall. Head up north and you will see the self parking sign that leads right in the middle of the casino and mall.. As a first timer you will be bound to get lost, I still do!! LOL! Caesars Palace in general is a big hotel. Or if you are lost employees are very friendly so dont hesitant to ask them.
4	Good place for the upscale shopper. The mall is multi-storied, with escalators and elevators to provide access to the different levels. Some of the stores in this patrician environment are Balenciaga, Burberry, Christian Louboutin, and Gucci.
5	I absolutely love shopping here when visiting Vegas! There are many different types of stores, something for everyone. The aquarium is beautiful and there is a show that goes off every hour I believe that's pretty cool. The Cheesecake Factory is right across from the aquarium, yum!!!!
5	With all the shops you can think in the middle of the vegas strip what more can you ask for??? They have low end all the way up to super high end
5	One of my favorite places to people watch and window shop. Nothing like seeing the most expensive brands in person. Even as a local for 20 years, I still like going in, eating at a great restaurant and watching.
4	There's not much I could say about it that others haven't already said.  It's a decent mall with great decor.  After a while of being inside, it started to feel a bit circus-y... but what doesn't feel that way in Vegas?  The people-watching in this place is great though.
5	The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace is cool... really cool! With heaps of retail stores, eateries, bars, coffee shops and loads of entertainment, you could literally spend hours here. It is a shopping mall yes but not your ordinary and typical mall - the ceiling is painted with the sky and clouds. This, along with water fountains, statues of gods and goddesses and the floor built in such a way so as to give you a villagey/countryside feel; it's as if you are actually outside in some beautiful/historic place. They've also got an animated show of Zeus telling you a bit of a story, which is pretty cool. You don't have to be shopping to come to the Forum Shops at Caesars. You could hang out there, walk around, grab a drink and chill. I really liked it and even went a few times.. Tell you what though.. I had promised myself that I would wait until I was in NYC to shop... I kept my promise (to an extent!) but it was seriously hard to do so!
4	Great shops, restaurants and a great place to people watch.
5	Somehow I always find myself here. It's probably because you can find whatever you need somewhere in the forum shops. Great stores, entertainment, and food. Also, lots of benches if you want to sit and relax and/or people watch!
4	One of my favorite places to go while in Vegas. I wish the place were brighter...makes me so sleepy! The garage is crazy low....we rented a Limited Ford Explorer with a rack on the roof......I had quite a few heart attacks when going up and down the ramps!
5	Probably the most complete mall on the strip, JMO. I'm here almost every weekend it seems. Great food, Great shopping.
1	The Forum Shops are nice... this rating is actually for Essentials at The Forum. DO NOT SHOP THERE!!! If you do, DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD. My card number was stolen and I have a pretty good feeling that it was from the clerk at this shop. My friend and I went in on August 12th to purchase some aspirin and a bottle of water. My friend purchased her stuff before me using cash. I rang up after her. I handed the clerk my card, after he grabbed it, he stared at it for at least 20 seconds before swiping it through (he also stared at the back for a few seconds, probably to memorize the card number and the secure code). I was completely weirded out by it, and almost canceled my card right after I left, but decided not to (the thought of being in Vegas without being able to possibly use it made me decide not to). I wish I would have!! Yesterday someone using my card number charged over $2000 in a matter of 30 minutes online shopping for auto parts and jewelry. I do not use that card very often, so I have a very good feeling that this was the case.Do not give this place your business, and if you do, USE CASH. I am not one to write bad reviews, but you can tell how discouraging this could be.Also, I did not see a yelp for this particular business on here, so I decided to write my review here instead.
4	Probably the most well rounded mall on the strip, you have everything from H&M to Christian Louboutin. The restaurants are all yummy and well priced as well.
5	huge place. This thing is never ending. Thank goodness the concierge people were very helpful. I think there is actually more then one of them so that's cool too. Having a guest Services location in several locations for a very large mall is extremely necessary and helpful.  very nice place. Everything is very upscale and beautiful inside! There isn't really anything you could want that you couldn't find here. I really liked that there was a balance between upscale stores and the regular stores.
5	Went in today with a friend for her to pick up somethings. I am NOT big on make-up especially near my eyes. After much convincing I was seated in the chair and tricked into putting on some eyeliner. Carlos was so patient with me and fun. He did such a great job. Now if I could figure out how to do it myself. This was not about high pressure sales(side bar great product and not expensive. $12 for eyeliner) but about him really wanting me to see my beauty enhanced. It was a great experience and I will definitely be back!
5	I love shopping and I love Roman architecture, so you can see why I love this mall! It's got all of the shops you could want, both designer and normal mall stores. It's the first time I've seen a Louboutin or Celine store. Walking through the mall itself is an epic journey, filled with cool statues, grand fountains, and winding staircases. There's also even a cool aquarium at the end. I also love that the roof is painted like a sky, complete with clouds. It gives you an outdoor yet indoor kinda feeling. Yep, nothing like making money on the slot machines, walking next door and spending money at the mall, then walking back out to play all over again.
4	Love the view at Caesars.Shops here are never ending. huge place but very nice to window shop.Christian Louboutin Store is here! I love it!If you want to buy sale items, dont come here. They do not have any sale item shops here. All in Retail Prices no discounts.Very nice experience but not too much for shopping. especially if you are on a budget.Just enjoy the stores and the view.. You are good!
5	This is great place to go and people watch, get some exercise or shop til you drop. They have all the high end stores, plus a few regular stores for the regular people. The artwork and decor here is very good and I found myself staring at the ceiling painted like the sky and clouds a lot. The statues are also well done and the fountains are amazing. This is a good escape from the heat during the summer as well. You have to come and check this place out. It will change your whole mind set about what malls are supposed to be.
5	very nice location to walk around and shop if you have the money to spend on the items sold at these shops.  mostly all high end shop there.  Very dark in there.  Walked in there at noon and it felt like it was 10pm.  If in there, check out the chocolate store called max brenner.
4	As a Las Vegas local, I like to hit the Forum Shops a few times a year because it is one of THE best malls for window shopping! I get giddy when I see the latest Jimmy Choo pumps in the window although I couldn't possibly afford to ever own them myself. While there are some of the highest of the high end shops (Balenciaga, Harry Winston, Cartier, Louboutin) here, there's also a smattering of "real world" stores like Coach, Bath and Body Works, H&M and Nike.What I truly love about this mall is that it feels like you are outdoors with its atmospheric ceiling and watch out because you'll be walking along and statues will come to life out of the blue! Pretty fountains, a circular escalator and a show-stopping aquarium make this unlike any other shopping mall! Best of all, most of the shops treat you like you have money even if you don't. It's sort of like the opposite of what happens  to Julia Roberts in 'Pretty Woman' when she's shopping in Beverly Hills -- at the Forum Shops, you are considered a VIP because they never know if you just won a ton of cash at the casino. And most shops seem to encourage browsing.
2	Let me start off by saying that I LOVE the FORUM SHOPS at CAESARS. Best selection of high end stores, great restaurants and it's immaculate and stunning visually. It is the best shopping in all of Las Vegas. Had a bad experience at the shops this past Saturday while having a day out with visiting relatives. Upon checking our car at the valet near Joe's Stone Crab we walked in and were hit smack in the face with the smelly odor of cigars. Just about every store we shopped in had this same smelly odor and it got worse the higher up we went. On the top or third floor it became unbearable and my allergies were triggered and I had to actually leave several stores. Staff informed me that the cigar lounge (Casa Fuentes) was has having a special "smoke out" event for the holiday weekend. On my way down the escalator I ran right into it. Saw a couple hundred (mostly old men) standing in the middle of this beautiful mall outside of the cigar bar smoking. Was quite the sight to see these guys puffing away in the middle of this mall while shoppers were assaulted by the smoke. Saw people walking by covering their faces and plugging their noses. The staff at the shops near by looked miserable at the lack of business due to people trying to flee the smoke. Could still see the smoke in the lighting far from the cigar bar in both directions. We had to bypass dozens of shops to get far away from the smell and we cut our day short because it was that bad. Ended up taking our guests to the Venetian Shops as they smell great and are smoke free. Had no issues with the allergies there. Why would they be allowed to smoke cigars like that in the middle of the mall? Makes zero sense to let one business ruin the business of dozens of high end shops. Please consider relocating the cigar bar or ventilating it properly so that us majority non-smokers are not  forced to breathe in the smoke and get chased out. Love the shops, will be back for sure, but don't want to feel like I am in a smokey casino when spending money of luxury items!
4	Very nice place! Very very easy to get lost looking at the women and walking at the same time too!
5	I am not a mall fan. I really do not like to shop. I'm a guy, kind of a forgone conclusion.That changed a bit as I went to the forum shops at Caesars. You walk into these beautiful doors and enter into this 3 story hub of Ancient Rome inspired decor, dotted with beautiful shops. You explore, going up the spiral escalator, which is in itself a great thing, and you walk to what looks like an outside bazaar. There, you find even more shops, more decadent stuff, that you buy, or try or eat and you do this all inside a mall that looks like you are outside in a roman market. There is a sky overhead that cycles the day and night, you have the facades, that roman decor, fountains, aquariums, and statues. they have clothing, food, chocolate and electronics to name a few. Like I said in the opening, I do not like to shop, but for this I will make an exception. Plus there is an added bonus, you can walk a bit to the Casino and have fun there while your significant other is only a few yards away doing their thing. Everybody wins.
5	From Fat Tuesdays to the Statue Show, this mini strip mall in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard is super convenient. Definitely a place to escape to when that desert heat is unbearable to handle out on the strip. I love the Fat Tuesday bar here, because they totally offer other flavors that most Fat Tuesdays do not carry such as peach bellini. Though it can get a little confusing where to head to and which way is which in terms of navigating your way through the forum shops, it is a great place to linger and window shop. Overall, if you want to escape the heat, check out a free statue show, and sip on some drank, then definitely make your way here.
4	Just about every high end retailer has a store in the Forum Shops. Lots of fun for window shopping and breaking out the plastic for those fancy schmancy gifts that you're honey will love.
3	It's exhausting to walk just about anywhere in Vegas and traveling from one end of the Forums to the other is no exception but there are plenty of restaurants along the way (and even center kiosks for booze, oxygen, and desserts) to re-charge your batteries - however you might choose.Selection of stores seem to run the gamut - from low end retailers like an H&M where you can pick up a tshirt for $6 to others where I hope you won more at the tables than I did, and everything in between.If all else fails - at least in true Vegas style - it's a visually pleasing backdrop poorly attempting to transport you half way around the world but at least transporting you away from the street vendors for a second.
5	There is not much to say, this place has everything. You bring $100 or $1,000,000 you can easily spent it. Whatever you need whichever brand you want it's here. Not much more to say then Happy shopping.
3	Let's be clear, I am a fan of malls. It's been popular since the dark cynicism of the 90's prevailed to disparage malls as camps devoted to shallow consumerism. Anyone who remembers being a teenager with no car knows the mall is magical place where you can have hours of fun with your friends, and figure out some adult stuff, interacting with other teens and observing the adults.That being said, the Forum is just a mall with some fancy stage dressing. It's no Valhalla -- or, to extend the Roman metaphor..... oh yeah, the Romans didn't have an equivalent to Mt. Olympus.If you've come to Vegas to shop, it's a good mall. If you're looking for spectacle or people-watching, go to The Grand Canal Shoppes instead.
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, I NEVER leave without visiting The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  Because of the nature of the shops there, you gotta make sure you carry wither a hefty limit credit card of tons of cash, because although this place is visually amazing, it is overall NOT cheap!The Forum Shops is set up as though you are back in a time warp back to the Roman Ages.  All the shops have Roman Era facades, and the ceiling is painted so it appears you are outdoors (although it is obviously fake).All the shops are amazing.  I did mention earlier it is not cheap to shop here, but if you walk all over, there IS something for everyone.  If you like practical shops that you can see in most other US malls, there is The Nike Store, H&M, Apple Store, Gap and Sketchers, among some.  Higher end shops include Louis Vuitton, Hublot, Rolex, Officine Panerai, Cartier, Christian Louboutin, and Jimmy Choo, among others.  Pick your fancy and shop till you drop (or go bankrupt!)My go to shops are the Nike Store for my basketball and athletic needs and Tourneau, as I am an avid watch fan and like the Tourneau in Century City, CA (see my review), it's like candy store for me.Places to eat include Cheesecake Factory, Sushi Roku (same place like the Los Angeles, CA location), Ciao Ciao Cafe, and Planet Hollywood.  You can get your drink on by hitting up Fat Tuesday, where you get frozen drinks by the yard!!!I recommend The Forum Shops if you want to Fulfill your shopping itch.  Lots of shops, something for everyone, and "Caesar lived here."  Don't bring your beeper, because you can't get a "sig" in here.
4	Shopping, shopping, shopping!This is actually one of my favorite places to go shopping, they provide both worlds of shopping.  It has a little bit of everything that your budget is willing to take you or that you may regret later on. haha. It's just a nice place to go walking around, lots of restaurants around the shops, picture-taking, and of course people watching.
3	This is a mall housing fancy boutique shops and restaurants. This mall is connected to Caesars Palace. Very picturesque inside and out. Unless it's something you won't find where you live or you're a local, I see no reason to shop here. Any memorabilia you find here you will be able to find just down the street for much less in price. It was something to do since I was staying across the street.Even though I have a Bettie Page Store just a drive away from me here in Florida, I ended-up purchasing something there.
4	These are the best! The shopping here is better than Fashion Show. Everyone I encountered was really nice, even at the apple store! (surprise!)
5	nice place super nice
1	Shoot me in the head walking thru this place...crowded bumping into people...high end shops. Blah
2	There are so many shops and restaurants that you can find almost anything although they tend to be clustered at the high end. The only stores that really stand out for me are the sports memorabilia shops where you can buy a signed shirt/baseball/helmet for an obscene amount of money. They also have moving and talking statues in the various fountains which are incredibly tacky. Overall I find the Forum Shops a bit over-whelming and would happily give the place a miss in future.
4	One of my favorite shopping places on the strip. I love the atmosphere of this place. My favorite store there is the Nike shop.
4	A little overwhelming in the scoop and size when it comes to high end shopping.  As long as this place has been here it's still clean and attractive place to shop.
4	This is probably my favorite place to (window) shop while in Vegas! I love the lay-out and the circular/spiral escalators. I love the variety of shops, from lower-end H&M to uber-high end Jimmy Choos. There's an antique/memorabilia store here (gosh, I forget the name) that has legit old Coca Cola vending machines (and other items from days of yore) that my father loved (very nostalgic for him!). Even the kitschy fountains and Roman-esque architecture is fun and screams "Vegas"!There's one feature, though, of this Forum that I found disturbing: the aquarium. Sure, it's cute to look at the fish, but I found it upsetting to see a large stingray held captive in that small, cylindrical space, forced to swim in a small circle forever. My parents, too, were bothered by this sight and we left this area promptly.
5	Great selection of brand name shops are available here if you got the money including Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Versace, Cartier, michael kors, red Valentino, and some mid range price stores such as dkny, h&m ad more. A few good restaurants are also here including spago and trevi. It's a must visit place if you never been to vegas before. The design is spectacular with fake skyline and roman status.The newer wing has even statues that move. I believe there is a show once an hour or every 15-30 minutes.
4	This shopping mall is the reason why Caesars Palace is so big; it got over 270 mostly mid to luxury retailers, restaurant, and bars.  This mall been opened since 1992, that is over 20 years ago.  The interior design is been similar to Grand Canal Shoppes found in Venetian, but with ancient Rome style.  There is no canal here; instead, there is a large fountain and many Roman Gods.This is a good mall to burn sometime when you waiting a long line in Bacchanal, their estimated time often in couple hours, you can easily spend that here and casino without even need to walk out the Caesar Palace.
4	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 60/100Pretty solid shopping mall in Vegas! One of the best ones I visited during my most recent trip. It's huge and actually feels like a real mall as opposed to some of the hotels who have a few shops (less than 20-30) and consist of stores that nobody would ever be interested in actually shopping at.At the front of the mall, there's a smaller area that consists of several floors with an awesome winding escalator. On the second (or third? I can't remember), it leads further back into a whole other section of the mall...which goes on for forever! So many stores! They range from normal/average, to high end and luxury brands. There are also lots of restaurants and cafes located in the mall.The one reason why I don't give it 5 stars is because I felt like I was getting kind of confused as to the layout of the mall. It's weird how there's the small-ish entryway area (reminds me of the big mall in San Francisco), and then on one floor it kinda just continues further and farther away from everything else. Also, the mall map directory was kind of confusing and I wasn't sure what direction to walk in.I would say this mall is comparable to the Venetian's, except slightly different architecture! Both very European.
4	The Forum Shops are a mix of places ranging from restaurants to cheap clothes to makeup to high end fashion items!! In some way, I always end up spending quite a bit of money here. Some noteworthy places to visit here are: Express, H&M, Nike, Apple, Sephora, M.A.C., Fat Tuesday, Max Brenner, Victorias Secret, Marc by Marc Jacobs. One of my personal favorite places to eat dessert is Max Brenner. Either that, or you can grab some gelato right outside it!! A trip to the Forum Shops is always worth visiting because there is much to do and shop for. But I gave this 4 stars because most of the stores are just unaffordable for the average shopper!! (Especially me on a college budget!)
4	It was a very good experience walking through this mall. They have a lot of shops that you can check out, and a good fraction of them are very high end! Considering I was on a college budget at the time I went, I didn't feel like spending my money on anything here. The decorations and architectures of this mall looked really nice! My favorite shops here were Nike, H&M, Sony, and Apple. This place gets crowded a lot. Make sure you hold onto your belongings carefully when venturing through the crowds, as I noticed some of the people in the crowds looked a little suspicious...Well, enjoy looking around!
5	Wow.  I can't afford anything in here since it's all about high end products. But that doesn't stop me from visiting it every time I'm in Vegas.  Visually one of the best malls you will ever see.  Unlike the Venetian Shops, there are some affordable shops in here too.  It is big and can be quite confusing to figure how to get to all the nooks and crannies.  It's also attached to the Caesar's Casino, which I don't like at all, but for you gamblers, it's right there in the back.  Parking is stupid.  Stupid.  Just suck it up and go with the valet, even though they are slow.  Make sure you bring your camera because you will get blow away with the design, architecture, design and the beauty of this mall.
1	PJ Clarke's Sucks!!! food made me sick once and then went back for a 2end try at it food was small no flavor and the 2 guys at the bar blow!
5	The forum shops is composed of higher end fashion stores , jewelry stores, and restaurants. Such as Niketown, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Lacoste, spago, palms, Cheesecake Factory and many more. It attracts plenty of tourist and locals frequent it as well. Can't go to Caesars palace without taking a stroll through the forum.
4	The Forum Shops at Caesars are all overpriced high-end label stores. If you aren't looking to spend big bucks, the GAP, H&M, Bath & Body Works and Nike Town are your only real options. The stores are really geared toward your highrollers and guests who wish to blow the money they just won gambling.I still recommend visiting the Forum Shops b/c they are fun to window shop and the theme within the mall mirrors some of the streets of Rome with its fountains. Additionally, two of the fountains are animated. At the end of the strip of shops, there is a large circular aquarium with beautiful marine life within.My advice, visit the Forum shops to view the scenery, but save your money and buy any luxury items at your local high end boutiques. The LasVegas Coach store, etc. carries the same exact items as my local south coast store does. The forum shops feel grand with marbles and high ceilings every where. The most impressive sight is the entrance where there are spiral escalators with gigantic marbled statues beside and interior walls with large statues. I think there are 3 shopping floors. The first 2 floors are brand name stores: Burberry, Christian Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Fendi, Gianni Versace, Gucci, Hublot, Louis Vuitton, Salvatore Ferragamo, Tiffany & Co., and Valentino. To see the moving statues, you need to reach the highest floor and go deep inside just to see them. I think every hour, there is a show but I missed it when I was there.There are more boutiques toward and pass the moving statues. No food court on sight. By the time I reached the top floor, there was only Cheesecake Factory restaurant. There are many booths for gelatos and coffees but nothing to really fill up my belly. Very disappointed. So I walked back for almost an hour to find a restaurant elsewhere.Tip: Wear comfy shoes as the floors feel very hard. Also, dine somewhere else before getting here.
5	Best shopping in all of vegas! If your are in town visiting and lookg for an outfit i def recomend this mall and you must check out H&M GREAT CLOTHES FOR GOOD PRICE!!
5	Jennie M: Yelp CM and Mall Walker extraordinaire! I live to shop like like a puppy lives to pee on your brand new Manolo's - and this mall has it all! High end couture shops from Italy, France, etc. as well as low end fun stores like H&M, Forever 21 and then everything in between! When you come to Las Vegas, make sure to stroll through the Forum Shops under the faux canopy of a continuously white, fluffy cloud covered day in Milan. You can drink alcohol in the mall, and it's open super late for those tipsy Tiffany's purchases! What more could a super-shopper want?!Give that credit card a work out... you know you want too!
4	Love walking around in here as there are a lot of window shopping to be done.  While they have a lot of high end stores, you can still find more affordable ones like H&M, Gap, and F21. The spiral escalators are pretty cool too.
2	I love Caesar's Palace and the Forum Shops. I always stay here when i'm in Vegas, but I am still waiting for them to ban smoking indoors. It's ridiculous that in 2014 you can still smoke indoors. I hate that when I come to EVERY casino I smell like a dirty ashtray and my sinuses swell and I feel like shit. Seriously, why people???? Ban smoking and you get 5*!
5	This shopping Megapalooza located in the heart of ceasars palace, featuring nothing but all luxury high fashion designers. Also have some awesome restaurants, 3 story H&M, & a show on the West side of the mall. This place is absolutely stunning. The atmosphere makes you feel like u are living large & have endless amount of cash to eat, shop & breathe. This place is a tourist attractions for sure. Everytime I come here...my shopping needs are well met. I love Versace, Gucci, Diesel. The concierge is very knowledgable & has good customer service. I think I covered everything. One of the places to visit if u live or visiting Las Vegas
5	Had an awesome experience here, Ryo is my new sales associate at the Louis Vuitton. He's good at what he does. I had trouble finding my purchase because it was sold out everywhere, I found it here but it wasn't the exact color that I wanted. I was so sure that I would take it considering there weren't very many available in the US. Ryo gained my trust and told me to be patient with what I wanted. He worked on getting the one I wanted in the store and sent it to my house. Most associates would want to close the sale and several months later like all my other purses that I settle for, I would be terribly unhappy and the purse would be collecting dust on my shelves.
4	Shopping is in my blood. Runs in my family many generations back on my Mom's side. Vegas has some GOOD SHOPPING and the Forum is one of those good shopping places. I JUST LOVE THE SCENERY. It's like being in a cloudy Rome or Paris and it has a luxurious feeling. There is lots of gold and marble everywhere. Spiral escalators (not for the clumsy or faint of heart) The architecture is just GORGEOUS. It just oozes RICH.  I'm a makeup artist and I heard good things about the MAC Pro store that is here as well as Inglot, so that's what we came for specifically. After we got done with that, we did some shopping in Louis Vuitton, Gucci, H&M, F21, Christian Louboutin and Tiffany's and of course went to the Cheesecake Factory (I try to go to one every time I'm out of town) Lots of luxury/high end brands here at this mall. I'm still a bargain shopper but I do enjoy a splurge every now and then and that's what you should plan on doing if you come to this mall. Excellent concierge service, as which is typical at most high end places in Vegas. Solid 4 stars.
3	This should be a 4 star review. I used to really enjoy the shops when I was kid. There are multiple free shows for you to take in.. there was FAO Schwartz and the giant trojan horse.. it was just a spectacle.My recent visit this May was a huge disappointment. Both shows are under construction and so my promised entertainment for the girlfriend was a let down. The scenery in the shops makes you forget where you are. It feels like old town Rome almost. You can watch the "weather" roll through constantly throughout the day which is fun for all. The other small issue I have with the shops is the tourist prices. Most of the shops are just jacked up to exorbitant prices because of the central location of the shops. There is something for everyone here, and I'm sure the shows will be back soon and more fun for everyone.
4	Ugh, this mall... I love it, I hate it.. It's got some great stores, a pretty ceiling, lots of places for photo ops if you want to take pics with Roman fountains/statues that shoot flames. But what it also has and is the bane of my existence is blind dead ends, and areas where you have to walk around the entire floor to get to the single escalator/stair to move you to the ground level to get out of the mall (It's over by the Longchamp/Brooks Brother/Agent Provocateur store, possibly across from Harrahs/Flamingo whatever lol. The H&M store in this place is huge (3 floors!) so 9.99 jeans and 5.99 shirts are just waiting for you to take them home with you. If H&M is too far below you, then no fear, the Rolex, LV, Gucci store have your back and can be found in the complex too.
4	I love the Forum Shops! Always a great place to shop and just enjoy the environment!Plenty of great shopping! Lots of yummy restaurants! Somewhere you have to check out in Las Vegas! I am a local and love hanging out here!
4	The Forum Shops at Caeasar's is a nice place to do some shopping (actual shopping if you can afford or just window shopping if you're like me). They've got quite a few high end designer stores like Louis Vuitton and Fendi, but there's also more moderate stuff. If you're looking for the outlet sales this isn't the mall to go to, but if you want to wander around for a few hours (and beat the heat) this is a great place to be. I love the look of this mall, and if you get there at the right time you can catch this indoor fountain show (just be sure to go to the right fountains).
3	Gucci Gucci, Louis Louis, Fendi Fendi, Prada...The Forum Shops is the place to be when you want to browse and splurge on your Las Vegas winnings.  High-end couture galore!  It's stories upon stories of fancy little shops (160 shops), swanky restaurants, winding escalators and staircases, and water fountains and statues.  Caesar's Palace doesn't skimp out when it comes to entertainment in their shopping area.  I don't know about anyone else but I get lost in here.  This is the kind of place where you and all your friends should hold a piece of rope together and be tugged along by a responsible adult.There's an animatronic show complete with fire and statues.  The ambiance and dome ceilings of the place alongside with the millions of people inside makes it hard to hear so I have no idea what it's even about.  Anyways, the atmosphere and decor of the place along with all the shops makes it worth a visit.
4	Great to walk around and beat the heat!Love the over all Caesars vibe. As for the stores.. Ehh. Call me spoiled but most of these stores are already near me in my city. I'm not too impressed on over the top places. When I shop- I wanna be able to shop- not just browse! It would be nice to throw in some more fun unique stores everyone can afford! I got my fill for a few years checking everything out- I will try back in a few more years- see if anything changed!
5	How could you not like a giant mall in Caesar's palace that has pretty much every store you could think of? Then you add in the animatronic statues, fish tanks and shows and it is a great little experience.
4	I love the forum shops in Caesars Palace! The shopping and restaurants are very upscale. All the high end stores like Tiffany's Louis V Fendi etc are located in here. They also have a massive h & m! They have shops like Diesel and nike and Mac as well. The inside is beautiful with all the statues and statue shows that go on. The ceiling is amazing and it makes the atmosphere so peaceful and romantic. They also have a huge Cheesecake Factory in here as well. Definitely nice to just walk through here and enjoy the atmosphere!
3	Upscale shops inside Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.There are 3 things that I like about this indoor mall.1.  Great place to walk through and escape the excessive heat during those Las Vegas summers.2.  Great place to people watch.3.  My favorite Cheesecake Factory branch is located here!Other than that, everything else about the Forum Shops is A-OK.  But hey, what do I know... I am just a guy.
5	They expanded the mall since I was there three years ago.  It is so fab now with more designer stores.  Name a designer, they will have it. I just wish I had more time to shop there!
3	This is a beautifully fun, colorful mall, decorated with all manner of Italian designs, variously making you feel like you're walking through a small Italian town or, in the newer section, standing in an Italian palace...all with fancy, modern shops of course.  The ceiling in the older sections shifts from night to day over a half-hour or so.  Most of the stores are high-end, but there are several decent-priced ones mixed in as well.  Wandering is key though -- and the dining! -- more than the actual shopping.  (Well, at least from a non-salesperson standpoint.)  The mall is lively from loads of people and the music from stores and the malls itself.
2	Let me start by saying there is a fair amoint of construction going on in the mall - the decor and some of the shops.   There is a decent variety of high-end, reasonable and some touristy stores, but was disappointed with the overall ambience.  The construction is mainly towards the front entrance closer to the strip side - no more talking/moving statues or the big fountain.  Also several big spots in the mall are under construction/empty.  All that takes away from the pretty sky paint on the ceiling which used to turn different colors - maybe it still does but I was distractrd by the construction.  Will avoid till they are done - most stores (esp the high end ones) can be found in neighboring casinos malls or the fashion mall down the street.
4	The Forum Shops are fabulous, one of the most interesting Malls I have ever been in. It has been fun to watch this place grow over the years to what it is now. You can see Sports figures here signing Autographs which is very cool. Dan Marino was here on my last trip. Tons of stores and lots of walking on cobblestones paths to be done here.
5	Loved shopping at the forum shops at Caesars this weekend! The sephora was my girls & my favorite part! They are big and stocked and every employee was helpful and friendly! Very impressed, wish my hometown sephora was more like this one!
5	Oh how I love this place! It's literally like the HEAVEN for Designer/Label lovers like myself! Gucci, Burberry, Louis Vuitton, FENDI, Christian Louboutin.. You name it they have it and if they don't they can for sure point you in the direction to whatever it is that you are looking for! Not only are these shops good for shopping but the whole ambiance of the place speaks for it's self! You literally are in Caesars Palace and this is his Toy Chest... They have wonderful dining options as well so if you are hungry you have plenty places to choose from!
5	Great place to shop, dine, people watch, and just pure walking around. From high end designer to random novelty shops, this place has it all. I also think it's super cool that the ceilings are like the sky. Stop by the Atlantis show near cheesecake factory. I'm not a big shopper when I come to vegas since there's plenty of shopping available where I live but I like to walk around here for fun.
5	Beautiful skies, with a ton of high designer end stores! They even have a selected of choices of places to eat! Yes, it is an indoor mall and  yes they have painted skies on the ceiling for a more pleasurable enviornment. They have multiple high end designer stores including the chirstian louboutin store and gucci, lv, pandora, true religion and etc. great place to go look around and they have also have a HUGE statue inside which is great for pictures!
4	Excellent selection of luxury shops set in wide marble walkways and high ceilings. free valet parking. Good for browsing and people-watching or actual shopping. Cartier and Vuitton are my favorite stores at the Forum. Casino, buffet and restaurant and bar adjacent for shopping breaks.
5	You can easily spend hours just walking around! The decor is so amazing that you almost forget you went there to go shopping.
5	Awesome place to visit with so many high end shops and restaurants. It was a quite an experience this last time I went with the holidays being right around the corner. Lots of shopping and good eating to do here. This casino is also next to the Bellagio casino and a few others such as the Cosmopolitan, Paris and Planet Hollywood. Be prepared to do some spending with all the great stores around here.
5	This mall has everything you need, great shops great restaurants, and great atmosphere. Love how it feels you are walking around an ancient Roman town, very Disney. Always make a few stops here when I am in town.
5	I totally love this place, lots of shops from low end to high end, plenty of restaurants and juice  and alcohol bars, plenty of parking space, love the decor theme of the place, massive aquarium.
4	Love this shopping mall...its high class but when you want quality, I shop here for all the store I want to go to are here. I love going on the spiral escalator. Views from above are so nice. There are comfy benches everywhere for the hubby or bf to sit at while waiting for you. I go here every time I visit Vegas! =}
4	They have various shops, mainly upscale. I recommend getting a Fat Tuesday first then shop, so you can impulse buzz buy. They have their own specific valet for the forum shops, so you don't need to go to the hotel valet area. I got a chance to watch this random "Atlantis Show." It was interesting. I mean it's nice to kill a bit of time and get away from the tables.
4	Indoor shopping mall with many high-end shops, and mostly everything is very expensive for no good reason.  Still fun to walk through and see what's available.  It's really nice, the decor is very ornate & extravagant!!  It wasn't overly crowded (mid December), but the place is pretty big & spread out so maybe that helped with the crowded aspect.  They have some really nice restaurants here so you can spend quite a bit of time or if you wanted to make a slow-going day of it, lunch and all. I ended up finding some much needed knee-high boots so it wasn't  ALL a long walk in vain :) DO visit the Forum while in Vegas!
1	I was not impressed with this mall.  The workers here seem to be very unfriendly and unwelcoming.  If you cant bother to acknowledge when I walk in, I'm not going to be spending my money there.
4	If I were given a shopping spree with unlimited amount of money, this is where I would like to shop! They have everything from Cartier to Bebe to Bath and Body Works to H&M. So much shopping, including my revered Coach. Love this place. Dress to impress because everyone else is.
5	Whats not to love?  New space and old, all whimsical shopping that will satisfy every fashionista.  Get a fat tuesday and go drunk shopping! FUN
4	Nice shops in the Forum at Caesar's Palace. I love the way the "sky" changes from day to night constantly. Prices are not cheap but neither is the merchandise - you will find just about every brand you can imagine here.
5	Favorite place to shop in Las Vegas. The architecture is true luxury to the eye. Statues of ancient Roman sculptures and marble stone are abundant in here. It does it very crowded at times. There is a plethora of stores from cosmetic retailers to clothing boutique shops and big brand names. Apple is also in the mix. I really like to observe the aquarium located in towards the end of the mall. Cheesecake Factory is always a hit with lines waiting to get in. I happened to come to this mall right after Christmas. Crazy sales and lots of shopping bags were scattered all around this mall. Love that the H&M store is gigantic, it is like there is a party going on in there. If you come to Vegas, this is one place you have to check out even if you are not going to shop. It's so tempting to pull out your credit card!!!
