3	Great location on NW corner of 59th Ave. & Beardsley/101.  Convenient if you're coming southbound on 59th Ave. and need coffee before hopping on the 101 to get to work.It's like all of the other chain locations of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf.  Same selection of beans, reasonable prices, and I like how they give you a complimentary cup of coffee & paper coffee filters with a purchase of beans.Drip coffee is excellent, among the best as far as coffee chains go.  They often have multiple coffees to choose from, both dark roast and lighter roast.  Certainly better than Starbucks.Barista prepared drinks aren't so good.  Staff is mostly young kids who are polite as far as retail goes, but not so skilled as baristas.  I've noticed a high frequency of overheated milk in the lattes (you can't miss this on the taste side of things).There's always a few people here but I've never seen it crowded, except perhaps Friday and Saturday nights as the Sushi restaurant crowd spills over.Located in a clean, safe area.
4	I love Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf and I love this store. The staff is super nice and seem to know a lot of peoples names and drinks. For a corporate coffee shop they make it seem a bit more homey. Clean store, friendly staff, and good drinks even though it may be a little pricey for coffee. Plus they have free wifi too which is always a perk.
4	Starbucks has terrible coffee but they make frozen "coffee" drinks full of sugar, whipped cream and any other flavor but coffee so fat people love them and we are stuck with one to 4 on every corner.  Coffee Bean has delicious coffee, if you don't drink those milkshakes other coffee places have and enjoy Americanos and other drinks actually showcasing the coffee which is not bitter and gross like starbucks you will love coffeebean.  I just wish there were more around and supposed coffee lovers will put down a double carmal mocha and just enjoy an iced coffee (we are in AZ).  Tell me something else amazing about the iced coffee? OK, Crushed ice!!
5	I LOVE love LOVE Coffee Bean.  I have been in love with Coffee Bean for years.  I am so bummed out that they are not all over the place like the "S" coffee store.  One of my favie drinks are the Pure Cholocate Ice Blended with whip cream and Green Tea Latte.  The service is always friendly, perky, and fully of sunshine.
5	Always friendly staff and consistent drinks.  I have even been to a concert at this location.  This coffee bean seems like the local coffee hangout that Starbucks once tried to be.  They hand tamp shots and it creates a much bolder rich flavor that can only be done by a real person. A+++
5	Great place to grab a coffee with decent prices and a great atmosphere for sitting down to do some work or catch up with a friend. Would definitely recommend!
4	This is a great place to get some work done on a Sunday. Excellent atmosphere, good bagels and coffee, *extremely* nice staff, and their credit card slips don't guilt you for a tip. Sometime small things, but they fall into place to create a great experience.There are small things, though, that keep this from being a 5. For one, the internet warns you that it will be automatically cut off after 2 hours of use. This may or may not be the case, but it seems to shout "we don't care about you; only your money." A coffee shop should care about money-- the ones that don't tend to suck.This was supported by an employee, possibly the owner, complaining at length to another table about a (former) patron. Her intent tone was distracting, though only her table could hear her full message. It makes me uneasy to feel that I might be gossiped about shortly after leaving.Little things, but correctable, and overall I would highly recommend the place.
3	Coffee is good, Internet sucks. Kept getting kicked off and then waiting forever to connect then not connect. I realize it's free but there are plenty of other places in the area that are also free and that I don't have problems with. Upgrade please!
3	I have been here a total of three times, and each time I come I have tried something new hoping to find something that tasted good. Perhaps it is the fact that I haven't tried any good ones or perhaps its the fact that I have just been trying all the bad ones. Either or they are one in the same because every time I have come here I have been disappointed. Here is the break down of the stars given.Star 1:The Service: I gave this a star because despite the drinks here being bland the people working here are absolutely not in the slightest. They have always been courteous and full of smiles. They are always prompt with making my drinks and very friendly.Star 2:The Atmosphere: This place is a wonderful place to be whether you came to chat with your friends, study, or just read a book. There is no pressure to leave and there are many different types of seats in this place. A comfortable couch to read on, a sturdy chair to study in, or outside patio chairs for the cool evenings. Star 3:The Location: Being next to the 101 freeway is always a plus due to easy travel. I can easily go from work to this place and then back home. All I have in my area is a dunkin doughnuts and to be honest you don't go their for lattes.On the flip side, here are why the other two stars were not given.1: The drinks: As I mentioned before I was sorely disappointed with the drinks here. My first drink here was the Carmel latte and to be honest I thought I was going to get a blood clot because of how sweet it was. It was so sweet that I only could take a couple sips and then had to throw it away. My second drink was some type of ice tea. I love ice tea, but when I drank this it was so bitter I had to force myself to drink it all just to feel that I didn't waste my money. Finally, the last drink i got was the Chai Tea Latte. All I can say is that it tasted like a Chai Tea Latte that sat out in the sun for about 10 minutes and served. It was so watered down and unpleasant I just drank it as fast as I could and left it at that. 2: The prices. When I look at the cost of some of these things I find myself a little in awe. How could such simple concoctions of sugar, power, coffee, and milk be so expensive? My chai tea was almost $5 with tax and it was tiny!Despite the disappointing drinks I think i keep coming back because of the atmosphere of the place. Hopefully I can find something to drink soon that is good, or I might have to start looking for another coffee shop. After all isn't the main reason you go to a coffee shop is to drink coffee or related drinks?
4	Pleasantly surprised about the cleaniness of the location, the friendliness of the baristas and just the overall atmosphere. Reminds me of a small town cafe with the general coffee condiments centered for easy access. Drinks were made to order and have never failed to keep satisfied! Just need to get a drive through and all will be perfecto!
4	I don't like coffee, but I love caramel! And, since they make a KILLER Caramel Blended Beverage - we are allowed to have business meetings here.The location is very convenient, right off the freeway. The staff is awesome! Constantly checking to make sure you don't need anything. And, free Wi-Fi!!This place tends to be a little more quieter than the average Starbucks. So great place to study or get some work done.
4	Coffee is a little more expensive than starbucks, but not as noisy or crowded (so it's a better place to study).  Free wi-fi and big windows.  Employees are nice.For those of you that go to Coffee bean a lot: if you are a costco member you can go to costco.com and buy $100 worth of gift cards for $80.Unfortunately they don't have much for food beyond pastries, but there are several restaurants in the same strip mall if you want to grab a bite.
5	Friendliest staff!! I've been in there when it's busy and when it's slow and they always take the time to answer all of my questions about tea (my newest obsession!). They've never hesitated to allow me to try a new sample, they've even mixed a few flavors together for me! I love it here!!!
1	Poor service.  Didn't listen and got a simple order wrong.  Didn't want to make it right.  Didn't offer a refund when I didn't take the drink.  Will never ever be back.
