5	Schulte is the Mercedes mechanic other Mercedes mechanics recommend.  Friendly, courteous, prompt service, and competent.  Mike knows his Benz - and he knows my '77 well.  Very well.  After my initial shop went under - courtesy of an divorce decree that gave the mechanic's very  non-mechanic wife the garage . . . That mechanic garage owner and his mechanics recommended Mike Schulte and Mike has cared for my beloved but needy '77 450 SEL ever since.   You may can find lower hourly rates for Benz work - but Mike's are not out of line considering the competence and expertise of he and his staff (and are WAY WAY below one of the local Japanese lux car repair shops somewhat nearby)  He and his staff know every centimeter, every trick, tick & tock of MBs.  Do NOT let your  otherwise competent average mechanic mess with a Benz - they will do unintended serious damage.  The knowledge, expertise and honest service at Schulte is worth a Benz' weight in gold - well, at least a hubcap's worth anyway.  I used to joke about having to move next door to my mechanic.  Settled for moving within pushing distance across the street but it's worth extra effort to get your Benz to Schulte.  I would definitely drive or get towed (old Benz owners understand) an extra distance to put my car in Mike & Co's hands.  These cars will run forever -  not cheaply but forever but not without  a great deal of care and expertise .  Mike & crew have that expertise and I believe have always dealt honestly with me - and considering how many times I've had to drive, push, pull or tow my beloved behemoth to the shop over the past 6 or 7 years - that's a lot of transactional experience.  I recommend without hesitation.  Note that they now also service BMW.
5	Been going to Mike for years (as in, 10+) and consider him one of the most knowledgeable, honest, fair mechanics out there. If you have a Mercedes (or now, BMW), dont think twice...his location is no longer the most convenient for me (as I'm up by Kierland), but he (and Judy) are worth the trek!
5	These guys are top-notch! Great job at a great price. We have an old Benz that they keep in perfect driving order for us. Nice guys too, (Mike is wonderful) and they have rental car service at a discount. Highly recommend!
5	If you have a Mercedes don't waste your money going to a dealership.Same quality work at a fraction the price.. Friendly as well.Highly recommend.!!!
5	If you have a BMW that is no longer under warranty, this is the repair shop for you. Mike is very knowledgeable, his mechanics are excellent, and the repairs are reasonably priced.
