5	Found this family business through Craigslist. Called on Tuesday afternoon to get estimate for hauling some construction debris in my driveway. Described what I had to Nancy over the phone and was given estimate of $225.00 to do the job. We scheduled the work for 8:00 am, Wednesday morning. I got a call from Alex at 7:30 am to let me know he was on his way. Alex showed up at 8:10 am. Close enough!!! Alex looks at my pile of junk and tells me it will be $145.00 to haul it away. We agree to go ahead with the job. He has one helper with him. Job was done in 30 minutes. I even had him throw in a few extra items. No problem.  I gave him a $20.00 tip for being so professional. Will be calling these guys back soon! Excellent service. Job well done!!
5	This family run business is fantastic I found them on craigslist and trust me they are worth the call. I was looking for  front and backyard landscaping. After calling more than 7 landscapers and only having 2 return my call I decided on a company who was scheduled to show up on Saturday to start work they didn't show so then they said they would be there Sunday to start .They showed up an hour late and they had an excuse why they couldn't start and left so I started my search all over and found Budget Hauling & Removal so I called since I had a lot of tree and rocks that needed to be removed Nancy answered right away and said she could be there in a couple of hours  on a Sunday last minuet ! She showed up with a full crew of  guys we agreed on a very reasonable price for all the work I wanted done and within an hour they had removed 5 trees I was blown away they have amazed me with the work they have  done . They have been working since Sunday today is Thursday and the sod is going in today I left for work at  6:45am and they had already showed up. They have done rock removal ,grading, new sprinkler system, new sod and planting they show up when they say they will and exceed all expectations. I highly recommend this company don't waste your time like I did with the other craigslist flakes .make one call to Budget Hauling & Removal
5	This company was fantastic. If I could have given them more stars I would have.  I found this company on Yelp and they diff entry lived up to their high customer ratings. I called about a week ahead of time and schedule the  job since I was coming from out of state and wanted to ensure I had secured someone for the job. Nancy was wonderful she assured me that they would be there and even called to confirm the appt a couple days prior. I had a huge job of clearing out  a family members condo that had not been lived in in eight months. This place was a mess to say the least.  There was appliances, furniture , clothes, and tons of just extra junk in every room and closet. Nancy and her team arrived  right on time and got right to work. They cleared the entire condo and swept up  all the flooring  when the job was complete.  I highly recommend  Budget Hauling & Removal to family, friends and anyone else that needs this type of service.
5	Hands down the best experience I've ever had with a contractor. If you don't use this company to haul your stuff you're crazy. I had an entire condo full of junk and furniture, we're talking A LOT OF CRAP, and Nancy wasn't initially sure if it would all fit in one load. I didn't either. But she and her two-man crew played Tetris in their truck and somehow fit it all in so she wouldn't have to charge me for more than one load. Cheaper than the four other places I got quotes from. Super great experience. Like I said, if you use anyone else, you're just dumb and like to burn money. Can't recommend this company enough.
5	Found Nancy on craigslist, we settled on a price and there service  was Fast, friendly professional they did my job in record breaking time, and the price was fantastic. It  was such a good job, I HIGHLY recommend this company, and I will give there business card to anyone who wants good prices and great service, THANK YOU.
