4	Eight Day promises to be a new hangout for local downtowners. Coffee is good , conversation is good and the service was excellent. Can't wait to visit again!
4	This is a new place in downtown phoenix.  The space was a little sparse/generic looking, but the staff and coffee made of for the atmosphere.  It is a large space that is also host to a church and planning concerts/first friday art. Check it out if you work or live in downtown phx.
5	Great to see the new artwork up!  It feels so alive and full of energy!
5	This place is awesome! I was in the area for an interview and arrived a little earlier than I expected. I found Eighth Day Coffee & Culture was nearby and ventured in after quickly checking the Yelp reviews...not to be disappointed!The service was super friendly. I ordered a hot cocoa and a fruit cheese pastry - both were awesome (much better than any chain...hands down). Prices were competitive for similar types of shops. I sat at a cozy table and enjoyed the relaxing vibe, great artwork and free wifi. There is a lot of space for patrons to spread out - if you want an intimate feel or a place to meet up with a group, this is the place.Parking around this part of town is sparse - I wasn't sure where I was going to park to get to my interview. The friendly folks at Eighth Day offered to let me stay parked in their lot. I can't say enough good things about this place. When I am in the area, I will definitely return.Check this place out - you won't be disappointed!
4	I stopped in this place while I was out walking around downtown and needed a quick coffee jolt.  I was already familiar with the other coffee houses in this area so I wanted to see how this place compared.  I ordered a regular cappuccino as this is usually the great equalizer among coffee houses.  If you can't make a good cappuccino, you should be a coffee house.  In this case, it was quite good.  Not too hot, didn't taste burnt, flavor was rich and the foam was nicely colored and had a nice creamy density.  Plus the staff was extremely friendly and I felt like I was treated as a regular even though it was my first time.  I also liked the space and realized it would be a great place to host meetings and also get work done on my laptop.  I will definitely be back.
2	This place doesn't really have anything new to offer to the downtown coffee scene. It's within a 1 min walk to at least 4 better coffee houses in the area. Staff was nice but that can also be said about the other aforementioned coffee spots. It wasn't bad, but also didn't blow my mind.
5	I stopped in for a quick iced peppermint mocha and was very impressed all around. The staff was extremely friendly and excited to chat about the business. This place is not your typical coffee shop. They have tons of space to meet up and relax. They are also an art gallery with some beautiful pieces to look at. Culture is a good way to describe this business because they are really bringing a unique culture and vibe to the downtown Phoenix area. I always excited to discover places like this and support them with my business. I encourage everyone to check this place out and keep it alive!!
2	Old coffee beans, sugary crack drinks being suggested, and generic art on the walls means coffee shop FAIL to me.  This might be the only coffee shop that has covered parking, so if you are a really boring person that drives an SUV and has lots of screaming children, then I recommend you go here.  The staff was really nice and they are just happy to be out of Starbucks, and your screaming kids won't break anything valuable in this place because non of it is valuable.  There's even some nice couches for AA meetings and businessmen without offices.  I have also heard that they have great events.  I live down the street and have not seen evidence of this yet, but I hope that they put the culture in their name soon.  I mean, God worked for seven days and then he drank some coffee and created culture, right?
4	The staff is ridiculously friendly and helpful in the best possible way! The atmosphere could be a tad more eclectic given the space and the location (compared to Songbird, which is around the corner), but that's minor given the huge space, abundant seating, and comfy couches throughout. And seriously, the people who work here are fantastic...that's worth continuing to come back time and time again!Also, if you get the chance to have the tamales you should DEFINITELY opt for the chips and salsa on the side -- the salsa is super delicious!
5	Nice place. Not cluttered like so many coffee houses. Good coffee-when I drink coffee without sugar in it-it is good. Place for people to meet or just have a quiet moment
5	Love this place. "Drink Coffee, Do Good" is exactly what my mornings at work should be, but this place takes it to the next level. Giving back to the communities, especially those with a true need for fair pricing on their goods, is incredibly important and obviously at the heart of what they do.Shane is awesome, and they really step up their game for First Fridays. Keep it up, everyone!
3	With so many options for coffee downtown I don't know if they have the muster to compete. The cappuccino I order was good, but not remarkable, and sadly I probably won't return. The interior seemed half finished so maybe they just opened and haven't gotten the swing of things yet.
4	I like coffee, but the #1 thing I look for in a coffee shop is a place to talk over a cup. I liked the groupings of seats and the different rooms and separate areas for people to hang out. In fact, one of the servers even thanked our group for hanging out there. I was impressed by their tea selection. I had the amazon spice, which I really enjoyed. there was an interesting variety of art displayed on the walls.I'm sure I'll be back.
5	8th Day has become one of my favorite coffee shops since moving to Phoenix just a few weeks ago. I've been to 8th Day at least six times. My first experience was during First Friday. A friend and I walked to 8th Day earlier that afternoon to get some coffee - and I'm glad we did. We returned later that night for more coffee, music, and poetry readings. Their art displays are very unique and encouraging. My favorite cold, summer drinks so far are the Rwandan Chill (with hazelnut instead of vanilla) and a Honey Hazelnut Cream Chill (non-coffee). I definitely recommend both of those drinks! They like when I get creative. haha! The coffee is very good and is fair-trade. The service is beyond outstanding. There are plenty of places to just relax and enjoy your drink/food or even to meet with people. The only food I've tried so far is the blackberry bran breakfast treat - it was very good! It's great to be able to sit down with friends, drink coffee, and do good.
4	Cute space, great coffee, great service...friendly and smiling baristas...Prices right on the money...BUT...I don't understand why the place is so empty on a mid Friday morning...when Lux is always busy...Very relaxing lounge with mixed furniture and sofas...Didn't see much in terms of pastries though...maybe I didn't look hard enough...Cafe Latte was lovely and artfully presented in a ceramic cup and a heart shaped poured finish...Wishing you much success...considering you are right next to Matt's...Have a great summer!
5	Went here a few weeks ago, I was in need of some coffee to jolt me out of a food coma. I was immediately welcomed by live music playing! The decor of 8th Day Coffee is really artsy. I'm making an assumption it's all pieces done by local artists. There are plenty of places to sit and enjoy your magical coffee drink (yes, I said magical..I'm a caffiene addict),The staff here is friendly and quick. The prices are reasonable. The espresso is delicious. What more can you want?
4	A very charming coffee shop with comfortable work areas and inspiring art all around and a delightful staff.
