5	Briefly walked through what was open. Not complete. Gorgeous!!! Can't wait until City Center is done.
4	My review is on my impressions of the City Center. When arriving in Vegas we realized that it just opened . We walked over and checked out the many gorgeous sites a the Center. One thing to note is this a complex made up of different venues.  Here are the highlights I noticedBig Favorite --An Art gallery with a Chilluly Exhibit. I have fallen in love with the glass art of Chilluly and just read a fantasy tale about a romantic art blower so I was really intrigued with the beautiful display of gorgeous pieces.  Many pieces are reminiscent of what I had seen at the Desert botanical gardens last year so it was very pleasing to view the glass. The Jean Philippe Patisserie in the main building ,oh I wish I had been hungry , chocolates, treats, crepes ,  gelato, sorbets, patisseries, and other mouth watering goodies. Willie Wonka would have been pleased. I was pleased just looking at it.  Next time . The water features . rainbowing their beauty across the large drive of the complex,  colored waters breath taking...   made me stop and  aaah. The mall area  has a variety of exclusive high end shops, way out of my reach and even tastes. Big names people.  Lovely to look at but seemed silly to go into. Another unique water feature , a  fountain of ice  in water they have cylinders of different sizes with frozen water crusted around it . Sounds silly in my description  but very interesting up close. Lots of walking to "see" the complex. If you want to check it out be prepared to walk , there is no easy way to get around the place. Definitely worth some exploration. The sad part , I was stuffed from dinner and couldn't get anything...
4	I'm currently here at the City Center, walking around and thought it would be a good idea to review this city inside the city on the blackberry. We entered through the back valet at the Aria building, the valets just let you park and take your keys. Quick and easy. The first thing you will see after the entrance is, quite possibly, the best and most creative display of modern America. If you're tired of the same old European influenced deco, you'll like how the City Center is done up. It's very dark, however the floors are appropriately lit. The 2nd thing you will see is Jean Philippe's Patisserie. The bakery is outstanding. A huge plethora of different sorbets and cakes and chocoloates. I'll upload the impressive chocolate statue display in a bit. The sports bar is outstanding, it's comfortably spacious; located nezt to the floors. Walking around, you'll notice the unique styling that the MGM guys were after. Completely apart from everywhere else. Should be fun watching the Vikings/Bears game tonight. Vikings are -8 instead of 7 now :(Once outside there's an awesome waterfall on a wall decoration that extends to the upper tram area that can take you to the Crystal building and the Bellagio. We took it to the Crystal building. Inside this complex is where all the shopping is done at. The shops here are pretty much what you would see at SCP, Gucci, LV, Tiffanys, etc... For the most part it's all jewelry. The mall is about 90 percent complete with the 10 percent visible from certain areas. The Tiffanys here has excellent service, however a smaller selection than south coast. Right now we're walking around the Mandarin Orient; not much here as it's strictly a place you either live at or are staying at, BUT downstairs you will see a lovely bakery called Amore. I ate a few macarons and a caramel gelato. The macarons are fanfreakintastic and are better than paulette. Yeah! That's right, I said that. Walking back to Aria now to get something to eat. BrbBtw this place is huge but after walking around it for an hour and a half it's not THAT big
3	not as impressively beautiful and elaborate as other hotels and in fact feels cold in terms of appearance and service. cool to appreciate architecturally but unfortunately too modern for my taste. in terms of the professionalism and organization of the staff (our cocktail waitress was painfully ditzy and had to ask the bar twice if they had a drink that was ON THE MENU, there was a staff member posted at an intersection in the difficult-to-navigate parking structure where they should be a stop sign and he didn't know how to direct traffic) and appearance (patches were still unpainted), it's unfortunately grossly apparent that the project is not completed yet. next time i'm in vegas i'll swing by and see if there are any improvements but i echo the cautious-ness expressed in the recent LA times article: http://www.latimes.com/news/nation-and-world/la-na-city-center21-2009dec21,0,5236080.story
4	8.5 Billion dollars buys you a lot of glass and steel. That was my first impression upon driving up to City Center for the first time. Yes, it's huge. Yes, there is only 1 casino in the whole complex. Yes, there is an art collection by artists you actually know. Yes, it's like an architecture theme park. The most important thing to know about City Center is that it's not a real city. It's about as much a city as the Grove in LA is a small town.  It simulates a city. It "feels" like a city, but at the end of the day, it is not. City Center is a big mall/casino/hotel complex...and don't you forget it. My biggest beef with City Center is that Las Vegas already has a "city center". It's called Downtown Las Vegas. Just imagine what 8.5 Billion dollars could have done to reshape that area. Don't get me wrong, City Center still got it mostly right. It's not a rip off of Paris, or various towns in Italy. It's modern, and clean, and done very well. It's the least "Vegas" feeling property in Vegas. That might be a good or a bad thing depending on why you go to Las Vegas.  If you've ever been to Roppongi Hills in Tokyo, then you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. City Center is the American Roppongi Hills with a casino attached.
3	When I was a little kid and I imagined the future to look similar to CityCenter, which is Jetson futuristic.  The only thing missing is the flying cars, but they do have a tram!Call me a fatass, but how can a place that costs $9829308923084239 have no escalators outside?  And ZERO cell phone reception!  I don't have a MetroPCS or Cricket, or some other cheapy service.  My group had AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint phones and none of them got reception!Don't get me wrong, it is a beautiful place, but it doesn't feel like Vegas at all.  It is beyond massive and totally unnecessary (if you ask me).
5	City Center is beautiful. It's more modern, not themed like the other hotels on the Strip, but after you get over that, it's quite impressive. It's especially beautiful at night when you can see the fountain built by WET in all its colored glory. It's still pretty amazing during the day too.I loved the galleries - the glass art by Chihuly (the guy who did the glass art in the lobby of Bellagio), the Cirque de Soleil statues, and the photographs by rLo (Rodney Lough Jr).The Crystals Shops are real nice too. Everything there reminds you that this is a environmentally-conscious and sustainable place - from the trash cans with the nature designs carved on the sides to the wooden planks lining the stairs. WET has a few more cool features inside Crystals: Halo, which are tubes of water with tornadoes in them, and Glacia, poles of ice melting into cool designs. Both are nicely lit up with changing colored lights.Finally, if you want to see the Silver River by Maya Lin (of Vietnam Memorial fame), it's behind the registration desk at Aria right when you enter to the right. Huge 84-foot reclaimed silver depiction of the Colorado River.
3	Loved the look of this place as it was going up. The completion is fantastic from the outside. Gorgeous architecture. HOWEVER, INSIDE THE SCALE IS STERILE AND NOT HUMAN. (forgive caps) None of the shops or restaurants are for normal or even semi normal people as far as price is concerned. Even for Vegas the  prices are off the wall. See loads of people in Crystals but very few with shopping bags. This place was built in the middle of the biggest bubble in a century. It opened in the biggest bust. I predict this $8+ billion  baby will bankrupt MGM. Judging by the price I got for Aria in a few weeks occupancy is not that high. Looking at the restaujrant reviedws on YELP I'm not about to try any.
4	You have to give kudos to MGM for creating a sustainable, environmentally conscious space with the 65 acres they had available to them.  CityCenter is one of the largest green developments in the world with 6 LEED Gold certifications.  I believe I read somewhere that they re-used 90% of the materials from the previous buildings in this space.  There is a specially designed water conservation system, an on-site energy generation plant, reflective roofs and coated windows for energy-efficiency -- all based on the CEO's unique vision of sustainable modernism.What does not necessarily appeal to me, though, is the use of several different architectural and design teams to create each of the buildings that comprise the CityCenter.  It was an interesting approach, but in my (humble) opinion, the CityCenter is leaning towards too modern (or not modern enough?) with the diverse and individual structures almost forcing the entire property into the realm of ugly.  However, this is a personal preference and does not take away from the laudable mission of this new Las Vegas landmark.CityCenter still needs to earn its 5th star, though, because they claim to have opened "on schedule."  No, no...much of this grand opening was accomplished with staff and stores not in place or ready.  My experience with Vdara's lack of inventory and last-minute transfer to ARIA had me wishing I hadn't come to visit so soon.  Maybe all the kinks will be worked out in a year's time; hopefully, it'll be much sooner as I'm sure the need to generate revenues necessitated the premature opening of CityCenter.
4	The Hottest New Hotel in Vegas. Many have risen and fallen, but City Center offers a new perspective for the future trends in Las Vegas hotels. With it's unique architecture and 8.5 billion build out (and still building), the City Center is the new kid on the block that blows all others away. As you drive up to the City Center is unlike any other hotel on the strip. You're greeted by a 200 ft cascading wall of water that is an illusion for all your senses. You can take a regular taxi, but they also have a slew of stretch limos, and Rolls Royce Phantoms available curb side for all your Vegas excursions and desires. This is Luxury Vegas style. The City Center is comprised of Aria (Resort & Casino), the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, Vdara Hotel and Spa, Crystals, a 500,000 square food elite Upscale Retail Therapy shopping center, where you can blow all your winnings (including heavy hitters like Tom Ford's new store, Chanel, LV, the usual luxury line up), and Veer Towers. Passing through the Vdara, there were top of line bakeries with cakes 4 feet tall, sculptures with candy like honey dripping off them. You can barely smell the smoke at the newer hotels. It's brilliant! The food at the City Center has room for growth. The tapas restaurant had a paella section which got me all excited, 5 different types of paella, and the tapas sounded inventive and delicious, but in comparison to what you CAN get in Vegas, I felt that this restaurant fell short. It's OK; I forgive you, City Center, when you first open, you need time to work out the kinks. City Center, please lead us away from the Cheesy lights of the strip, and at least give us an illusion of class in the City of Sin! Launching Cirque du Soleil's, Elvis soon.Viva Las Vegas!
5	RLo Gallery at the City Center is breathtaking!New found favorite gallery - the Wilderness Collection is a must when you're in town. The colors, the photos and the descriptions were such an inspiration - I can't wait to start working on new peices of my own. Initially, I was so surprised to find out that his work are actual landscape photographs because from afar, they seemed to be paintings but when you look up close, you notice such intricate detail. Rodney Lough, Jr. has such an immense talent for his craft and he is quite humorous in his writings. My favorite works are "Angels Among Us" from the Lower Antelope Canyon in Arizona and "Dogwood" from Yosemite National Park.
3	If I ever get a chance to return to Vegas anytime soon, I will definitely go back and provide an update.  Why...you may wonder...the City Center, upon this visit, was not complete.  Not complete in that not all the stores were open for business.To clarify for some, the City Center is not a hotel, it's not a gallery, it's not a resort.  In a sense, the City Center, for me, is a shopping center that conjoins the Mandarin Oriental and Aria via a tram and it's interconnected structures.  Did I also mention that it was built as a completely sustainable, environmentally conscious development?I'm sure I didn't quite capture what City Center is in it's entire, but again I say, when I visited, it wasn't quite done.  From what I saw though, the stores will be that of the likes of the Rodeo Drive and Fifth Avenue tenants and the space is just completely clean and modern.  For now it get's an A-OK, but I really am excited to see what happens next.PS:  I did mention the tram right?  There is a free tram that can take you from The Bellagio, through the City Center shops, all the way to the Monte Carlo.  Not a bad ride if you don't want to walk down the strip.  Not to mention the tram is tinted in purple.
4	Changing the face of Vegas.  There's no big, sparkly signs or extravagant decour.. just simple white walls (almost museum-esque) and beautiful attention to details.. (look up when you get to the bottom of the stairs inside the mall!)   Decked out in too-expensive-for-the-avg-shopper couture stores, it's nice eye candy and fun window shopping...but Kim T. and I didn't even try going into any stores (couldn't bear the heartbreak of finding something and not being able to buy it...!!!)The hotels within the city center are so different compared to the established hotels on the strip.  (Maybe bc it's so new... not quite used to it yet.. the hotels even smell new inside)  They look sleek and very modern.I REALLY loved the Richard McDonald gallery... so mind blowing.I will admit, though, I was expecting the City Center to be more grandeur considering all the amazing things I'd been hearing about it.  We were done walking/looking around much quicker than I expected..  but it was still nice.
4	The City Center is Quite Awesome. I have lived in Vegas for Roughly 8 months now and it was under construction when I got here. I kept hearing all about this City within a City that was coming. Well It has arrived, this place is modern, fresh, young, new, and it is Very appealing to the eye. Passing this place on the 15 on my way to and from work has been interesting to watch it come to life. Now that it is open we took a little trip down there to check out what this place is all about, not to say we saw everything because there is no way to do that in one night, we checked out the crystals and the Aria. First thing is first, we pulled into the parking garage which was like driving into a club with all the decrative lighting you drive by, once you find a parking spot you head down a hidden walkway to the casino, Walking into the casino is different than most. You dont feel like you are walking into a cigerette hotboxed closet, which is a Huge plus. taking a look at all of the cool architecture and design that went into this place is also very time consuming. If you like watching shows like ace of cakes and things like that you will see some amazing stuff at the bakery in the aria, 4 and 5 foot tall creations not only made of cake but large sugar sculptures as well.The casino runs right into the crystals shopping center which is way above my price range but im sure for some this is a dream come true. Overall, I think this was a great addition to the strip, for those who like to stay and play and everything in between this is the place for you. You wont have to leave the City Center Campus for anything.
4	Exorbitant! Elegant! Exciting!I stepped into the CityCenter gawking at the beautiful waterful, fountain, and incredible architecture. Vegas should thank the CityCenter for its modernism and overall ambiance. I remember saying to myself that it must be amazing to be the person who just sits in his/her office chair and thinks of cool stuff to make.They have definitely succeeded in making the CityCenter cool. I can't wait for them to finish building the place so I could get a complete picture of what this place is all about. Its absolutely a must see item on the Vegas strip, and provides a breathe of fresh air, (maybe two breathes of air)  from all the tainted, hackneyed, and lackluster casinos/hotels.
4	this place is stunningly beautiful. i'm sure if you saw me walking through here thursday night, you would've seen a girl with her mouth dropped open, staring at everything all round her. it's definitely architecturally different from the rest of the spots along the strip, but what i like best is that it is a green development. from what you can see with your naked eyes, it doesn't really look like it, but now that i'm thinking back i like how cleverly they incorporated organic lines throughout the space to unify the green theme. as far as i know, city center consists of aria, vdara, mandarin oriental, and crystals. they are all open, but not every bit of space is open just yet (ie. crystals is their upscale version of a mall and not all stores/restaurants are up and running), but it's definitely got potential!
3	I realllllly wanted to give this a 2 . . . but I just couldn't justify to myself "I've experienced better."  City Center is absolutely incredible, but yet for me it fell flat.  As everyone's said, the architecture is amazing.  The water features are outstanding.  And it's definitely luxury all the way.  I think the problem I had was the overkill on the latter -- it just didn't feel welcoming to me.  It felt cold and impersonal, although my impression was that if you had money to burn then the red carpet would be laid out and you'd have an army of employees at your beck and call.  The immense complex of glass and steel, as fantastic as the architecture is, also struck me as 'too much'; instead of fitting in, to me it just seemed to crash into the Strip, closing off a huge chunk of the broad desert sky.  (For what it's worth, I have similar feelings about the ever-expanding Caesar's Palace.)Despite my frustrations though, I definitely have to grudgingly appreciate what they've done.  I'm curious to see how it develops as they complete the numerous projects still underway.
5	One of my new favorite places to hang out on the strip, the atmosphere is incredible, and eaten at lots of great restaurants, have to check out the exit of the parking structure, the reflective walls are really cool.
2	This mall is huge!  Its still pretty vacant since its new....  The stores are overpriced and I'm not sure what to buy.  There are a lot of restaurants and tons of light.  Check it out once..... I probably will never go back.
2	Lofty and empty - lots of angles and white everywhere.  Went in December, we took the tram from the Bellagio into the new big shopping center at City Center and the first impression was that the place was very large and empty-looking.  The interior reminded me of one of those angular buildings that they have architecture or high-end avant-garde art exhibits in with its whitewash color and many levels of angled walls and ceiling.  I liken it to a less-busy version of an MC Eschar drawing.  It is very stark and barren on the inside, and I am not sure as to whether that is by design or by lack of funding to finish decorating, but either way, the feel is cold and echo-y and impersonal.  There are stores open (not all reserved storefront was open but I was told that all the available storefront space has been leased), but the feel wasn't that people went there to shop.  The boutiques are so high-end and the building so impersonal-looking that it gave off a more exhibit/spectacle feel that people came to take a look at rather than an inviting shopping/visitor center.  It was very museum-like.
4	Although I had a terrible experience at Aria, I cannot deny that City Center is nice. It's incredibly huge and like Dmitry said, it is very elegant and exciting at the same time. It's an architectural treat for the aesthetically inclined and it houses some of the best shops and restaurants on the strip (or future best shops and restaurants ...)I like that they have a clear division of hotels, the entrance into city center looks like the entrance into an airport. Once inside the garage even the elevators look nicer than some people's nice houses. The carpet is plush, the colors are rich and vibrant in some areas and cool, clean and modern in others. Everything is overpriced (as to be expected) and some times the atmosphere screams "you're not good enough for this place" ... but other than that, I had a great experience exploring City Center. My hopes for City Center is for it to grow into the hippest thing on the strip WITHOUT having the attitude.
3	I stayed at City Center ( Aria ) last weekend and it was just average.I was blown away by the architecture and the beautiful fountain and waterfall.  My room was very nice also and I really enjoyed shopping at Crystals.  I only gave it three stars because they really do not have their act together relevant to customer service.  I called down to the desk and waited forever and room service and other services were incredibly slow.
3	City Center "could have been a contender" Just built at the wrong time, it's going to go down. Great idea,even $8+ billion wasn't enough to do it really right so they scrimped at the end and it shows.As far as spending that dough on downtown: that would be even dumber. Downtown is beyond redemption short of razing it and starting over.
3	Very cool to walk around and marvel at the architecture.  I took tons of pictures. I find that you'll get the full effect at night when everything is lit up.  Not tacky but it does give the feeling of being in  the "future" of a sci-fi movie. Ok all this money was spent but  I still don't really get it.  Its named City Center so you'd figure so much of the "new" Vegas would be centered here, but really it is a few hotels and a bunch of shops that I would never ever shop at. So eh.
4	This whole place is super nice and modern. That makes sense since its all new.... There are ample shops and restaurants around and Aria is a very nice casino. Some of the art galleries are also very interesting too and a nice touch. Totally different from the rest of vegas and I like it. Not too much else to say, this really is a place to just go see!
3	Nice place.  It's new.  Just have to give it some time though.  Only about 50% open.  Too much construction when I was there last.  Nice casinos and shops for the wife.  Not a nice place for children, at least for what I could tell.
3	"The City, within the City" Yes, massive as hell. I have seen this place built, literally, from the ground-- up. From the days when they imploded Boardwalk, the traffic that the construction caused, all the dust that kicked up from the empty area that awaited to have gigantic buildings sit there, to all the news stories, ads and commercials about "City Center, City Center, City Center, City Center,...". Eee, gats, really?I wasn't a fan, just because of what i saw at Aria (see me review :) and at the Pub,... It wasn't as mind blowing as I've heard. I'd be better off going to Wynn, Encore, Venitian, Palazzo, MGM... But not here. Another over-rated Hotel/Casino. *I'd like to stay here just to see if it'd change my mind, HINT HINT ;)
3	It was ok, sorta like a mini South Coast with tons of fancy shops.  Nothing blew me away!  The restaurant there with the dome seating area was impressive!  And the water tornado tubes downstairs was kinda cool.  Loved Aria - I'll review them separately.
4	Like something out of a futuristic, but tasteful, movie. I could see some filming being done here real soon. Overall, impressive and classy. Different than anything else in Vegas. Typical mega-hotel in other respects though: Casino, shops, lounges, shows, etc. A nice spot in the sense that the t-shirt/shorts crowd seems to avoid it.
5	This is my new favorite hotel/casino in Vegas.  I am not a big gamber so I cannot speak too much about the casino from a player's point of view.  But I loved the modern architecture and decor of Aria and the complex in general.  Crystals is very unique and visually appealing as well as open and airy.  The shopping areas and the style is very different than the other major hotel/casinos in Vegas.
2	Two stars for the interesting architecture and artwork inside but otherwise this place has nothing to recommend to it unless you feel like dropping a lot of cash on high end clothing and accessories. Did Vegas really need another Chanel or Louis Vuitton store? I'm not sure how this place will stay open for very long. Walking through the cavernous mall area I did not see anyone shopping, just a smattering of people wandering around looking at the various art installations (the tornado water tubes are rather cool). Some of the restaurants looked interesting and were not priced too terribly high but these were half empty as well. Maybe the well-to-do aren't out and about at 9 pm on a Friday evening. It was nice to be able to get out of the crowds and heat by coming here but after about twenty minutes I was ready to go because of the odd cologne-type scent they seem to pump through this place. It's not necessarily bad but it's pervasive and made my eyes itch and water. I guess this is supposed to add to the luxury experience but it just made me ill. The tram service throughout the property is efficient and it appears as though you never have to wait longer than five minutes for the next train which is nice. Unless I stay at the Bellagio or one of the property hotels though I'm not sure I'll ever go back to City Center.
3	City Center is appealing to the eye but it doesn't seem like it belongs in Vegas...New York and L.A. maybe, but definitely not Sin City.  When I think Vegas, I think of something more fun and hip.  The architecture is very modern and cool and they have some very interesting artwork that you can probably spend hours admiring, but it doesn't scream Vegas to me.  It's also very easy to get lost inside City Center.  I think they need clearer signs to direct people where to go.Even though there are trams that take you to other hotels and casinos, City Center seems a little too disconnected from the rest of the Strip.  City Center is cool but there's nothing really special that will draw me back to it *shrug*
4	Driving into CityCenter is amazing. Pull into Aria valet and walk into the most interesting property on the strip. Make sure you wear comfy shoes..cuz ur about to walk ALOT!This place is huge! So much to see. There are some great spots for photos, great spots to shop, great spots to eat/drink.So glad we have CityCenter. Its another spot to take out of towners when they visit. Can't wait to go back!
4	i thought it was brilliant that there's something new and different around the Las Vegas Strip. it may not tie in with the whole "Sin City" atmosphere. it's always nice to throw a curve ball. i liked the architectural work they did with the buildings. unusual art statues and objects. The Crystals is HUGE. i wish they could've put more stores though. why upscale brands only? it has a TRAM that can take you to Monte Carlo or Bellagio. or you can just walk it if you're up for some exercise. i'm actually looking forward to staying at the Aria my next trip. hopefully the whole City Center is done the next time i'm back
4	My husband and I finally decided to check out the elegant and new City Center today.  We didn't feel like using valet, so we just parked at the Monte Carlo and walked over - very easy.  The Aria was very nice - a hotel/casino decorated in dark tones with plenty of bars, restaurants and cafes, and importantly non-smokey air!  This is a place we would come back to for dining or drinks.Next we walked over to Crystals Shopping Center.  I found it kind of small, and all of the stores out of my financial reach (think Louis Vuitton, Prada, etc).  Again there were some nice cafes and restaurants; could be a place to come back to for dining.  The art installation of water tornadoes was fun to see.  After this, we checked out the Mandarin Oriental - another hotel without gambling.  Very dark and narrow structure inside, and unusual that the lobby is on the 23rd floor.  Looks elegant and upscale.Finally we took the free tram from Aria over to Vdara.  Again, another hotel without gambling.  We didn't stay long, but it looked similarly upscale and well decorated.So overall, it took us about 3.5 hours to complete our wandering.  I recommend going there feeling hungry so you can stop and enjoy a meal along the way.  I think the biggest attractions are the architecture, stroll and dining options.
2	I heard this is the biggest and newest place in Vegas. There are a few things to see. But nothing for anyone to go out of their way to see. I was actually consider to staying here. Glad I didn't. Not because of the room or anything. I stayed over at Treasure Island and it was definitely not worth my time waking all the way down here to look at this place. I rather stay in the middle of the Strip. I'm not saying Treasure Island is better but at least I'm next to Venetian, Ceasars, Wynn. CenterCity doesn't really have that many Shopping, Restaurant, etc. At least have some kind of free attraction to draw people to the location like the pirate show at the TI.
4	What's not to like about a beautiful architecture of a building filled with all the high end fancy stores.  Plus the 3 story Louis Vuitton store is a MUST see!!!  Easiest to park at Monte Carlo or Bellagio and take the free tram to Aria/ City Center :)
4	This place is it's own city. Artificial city. If you look from the bridge outside of Louis Vuitton, guaranteed, you will fall in love. Hotdamn. The exterior of the Louis Vuitton store is epic. Animated monograms? Oh, yes. This whole place is filled with designer stores like Dior, Versace, Mikimoto and Miu Miu, that is if you have, as Mrs. T says, "$$$$$". A building of all the 5th Avenue stores in one. I'd like to think 5th Avenue has everything but obviously, Vegas is on the pounce here! Definitely worth the visit. Very refreshing place and don't forget to check out the art galleries!
3	This truly is a city within a city...but why? With the exceptions of the casinos, it could be in any large city USA. It's elegant...yet plain. And so big. You need a map just to get around. I would probably get the "lay of the land" if I stayed here for a week or more. To just visit like we did, it was confusing as 'ell. I could have used a yellow brick road...or better yet a yellow brick road with arrows to walk us through. We finally gave up and road the tram back to our beginning point so we could get outta here.Standing on the edge, you can look across the strip and Vegas does seem a little shabbier than it did. Even the newer places like Paris. But new, much like bigger, isn't necessarily better.  Crossing over to Planet Hollywood felt like going to the other side of tracks...but just like changing into comfortable old shoes, it was somehow comforting. Maybe I'm not ready for the big city...
4	I spent most of my three-day get-away there. First thing, which differentiates this place from other hang out places, is a fresh oxygen-enhansed smell. Second, I love interior and exterior design! And there were not many, but young and energetic young people. I'm coming back there for sure.
4	A beautiful place to visit and walk around. So glad to have visited. The interior design is refreshing, simple, and inspiring. Worth visiting even if you can't afford anything.
1	City Center is boring.  Unlike other major resorts (Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Venetian), there's no beautiful gathering place and nothing really fun.   The center of the development, which should be beautiful, is a multi-layered set of streets, with cars buzzing in and out.   This development lacks character and the "fun" factor that is found in the rest of Vegas.   In addition, the location is terrible: Far from the Monorail, far from even the bus stop.  Get ready to pay for lots of cab rides, and have patience, because there's almost always a LONG cab line.There are much better options in Vegas.   Walk by to see City Center buildings once, but stay elsewhere!
4	its nice,... they have a lot of high end designers... like they actually have a marni store inside... u dont see many of those in the u.s. :) its clean and a nice place to shop... dont go there if u didnt win the jackpot tho..
4	I like how it connects you to other casinos via the walkway or the tram. A little confusing with the levels though and very little directional signs. But its still nice and fun to walk around and window shop.
3	If you could roll up most of Rodeo Drive into a shopping mall then this would be the place.  Unfortunately there really isn't much else but high end stores.  It can also be slightly clunky to get through every corner of the mall.Bring cash...plastic can be dangerous!
4	The new City Center is what I like about "New" Vegas. The Cosmopolitan, Area and Vdara are amazing. The shops are great as well. The only thing I don't like is the lack of parking--you have to valet for just about everywhere.
4	If I was just a little bit richer, I'd do all my shopping here. The LV and Gucci store is always calling my name. I really like this area, and all the little things inside make it fun. The ice sculptures that never melt, the spinning water machines, the pretty stairs. Everything is nice, and lots of space in here. Will have to try one of the restaurants here one day as well.
4	Beautiful! With a great selection of designers in house...Not the stores I can afford to shop in though...Love the water cyclone art installation... and the gun-looking sculpture/architectural piece... and the beautiful staircase!!!!!
2	massive.  massive.  walking.  walking.  more walking.  dead.  no people been here twice.  did i say massive?  sure you can take a shuttle from Bellagio to here, but even when you "land" at City Center, you have to try and navigate the shopping complex...which is VERY hard to navigate...a lot of dead ends and escalators not working.  even the shuttle is on regulated hours.  i guess if you need exercise (who comes to Vegas to exercise?) travel to City Center.  maybe they designed it this way to make you so tired that you fall down at the foot of a slot machine and gamble your life saving's away.
4	Great place to window shop. This is by far the most upscale mall or shopping place that I've ever been to....which includes Rodeo Drive. The flowers or plants on the ground floor are fascinating.
2	I don't understand the hype.  Hubby and I came here thinking we were going to be wowed by the selection of stores and decor.  The place looks like a giant warehouse of high end stores with snooty sales clerks.  Parts of the place are completely empty so you have to walk for a while before you even see a store to go into.  Don't waste your time with this place, unless you want to be able to say that you were here.  You can find the same exact stores in several other hotels next door (e.g., Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Venetian) and with better ambiance.
4	I was fortunate enough to walk through here several times as this thing was being built and I knew I definitely wanted to see the the finished product.Massive does not begin to describe City Center.  The architecture and sheer size of this place it what makes it a draw.  There is a very futuristic feel to it due to the massive glass towers that surround you as you walk this city within a city.The Skybox in Aria is a good place to  grab a bite to eat and watch your favorite game as there are TV screens everywhere however IMO it is located too close to the CC sports book and should have been spread out a bit.  Nice and spacious sports bar and wasn't too crowded when were were there however I can imagine that this place fills up quickly for big events. The sports book itself is nice but pales in comparison to Lagasse's Stadium at Palazzo Plenty of bars and various restaurants throughout the property will provide the average Joe (Me) plenty of options to choose from.  There is nothing dive with either the restaurants or bars but there are some reasonable choices for those who don't want to spend their entire paycheck on a drink and a meal.The shops at Crystals Shopping Center will do a nice job of taking your paycheck as many of the stores were out of this guys pay grade.  The shopping center was surprisingly small but for what they lacked in size, they made up for it in price.  Nice to see how 5% of the population live every now and then.From previous casino reviews, one of my biggest beefs is the smell of smoke.  I have no problems with smokers whatsoever but I really don't want the smell to cover me like a glove.  Here, that is not an issue.  The air is filtered extremely well and it would be really hard to tell if someone was smoking unless you were standing right next to them.  I love that!!!!Due to it's size, one would practically need a map to get around as navigating this beast can be a bit troublesome.  However if you're not in a hurry to get anywhere, it is ok to get lost and take in the sights.  The do have directories as you'd find in a mall but that just makes me feel as though I'm playing a live game of Where's Waldo.The artwork throughout is something to see.  Anything from sculpted rock, stainless steel sculptures, LED lighting and most impressively to me was the boat sculpture that is basically joined a countless number of boats to to form this massive art piece.  While very interesting and fun to look at, I wouldn't want it in my front yard.  It kind of reminded me of the luggage artwork in the baggage claim of the Sacrament Airport.  I'm sure that is exactly what CC wants to hear.  Regardless, the boating piece was pretty cool to look at.So City Center is the new rave.  I'm sure the rooms are impressive however I've seen all that I need to see.
4	LOVE City Center! Amazing decor, great restaurants, One of my go to places on the Strip. 8.5 billion dollars of awesomeness, its an architects dream. Vdara has an amazing Spa, Aria being the only casino is elegant and alive, Mandarin Oriental is so sleek and modern you forget your in Las Vegas all together. Crystals is a very high end shopping Mall with wide open space and decorative art. Also home of the largest Louis Vuitton store in the world. City Center truly has something for everyone.
4	I recently attended a conference at City Center (Aria). Inside, its a typical conference hall, but classed up a bit. Let me just say: mouthwash in the restrooms and water coolers in all of the meeting rooms. It's the little things, right?If I were putting on a Vegas conference, I'd definitely have this place on the short list.
5	City Center is the new centerpiece of the Vegas strip and very artsy and modern but  sometimes think they look like office buildings because of the sleek design. I'm just wondering how MGM is going to tame this masterpiece in a economy like this. I hear rumors that City Center is going through bankruptcy but you never know, the same with the Cosmopolitan.
2	Hyper-expensive shopping venues are the Cornerstone of City Center. You'll see a lot of people window shopping, but not much buying going on. I've visited there on a weekend, and couldn't believe how dead it was in there. To be honest, even with the sticker shock, one wonders how they pay the rent for this place. That being said, the free tram service between venues is the best feature this landmark has to offer. Don't get me wrong, the surrounding casinos as gorgeous, but the shopping mall they built in the center of this feels more like a soulless Rodeo Drive they plucked up and put in the middle of the dessert, only with a lot less foot traffic.
4	You will forget that you're in Vegas. Finally, a strip property where there are no annoying porn slappers slapping star censored girls on cards onto your face. Property is very top notch. Do expect the 5 million star, platinum-diamond-gold-bedazzled,supper butt kissing service here. The high price you pay for definitely worth your money. Can't afford to stay here? You can linger around the properties. Mandarin Oriental's lobby is on the 15th floor. It comes with a bar that overlooks the strip. Aria is the only property that has a casino. It's hard to get lost. The porperty is semi-circle. There's nothing much at Vdara and Veers. Just pretty buildings. Crystals? very high end shops and restaurants.Bottom line, it's a $10 billion dollar property therefore, they need to pay off to build this property so spend your money here!
3	This place is fabulous...if you can afford it.  The cheapest thing at any store here is probably a $250 shirt that's on sale from being $500.  This mall has all the VERY high-end stores for the rich.  It's nice to stroll around, but it's almost no use even walking into any of the stores if you can't afford it, so it's kind of a waste of time.
4	The Better Half and I absolutely love City Center in Vegas.  The primary reason is that this is a primo spot to hang out and people watch.  Many of the restaurants, bars, and lounges spill out into the public areas so you can enjoy a meal & drink while enjoying the entertainment that is also known as the Vegas Tourist...ha!Some of our favorite places here are:+ Julian Serranohttp://www.yelp.com/biz/julian-serrano-las-vegas#hrid:nrnT9nqHlOG66QuMnRXLZg+ Jean Georges+ Bar Modernohttp://www.yelp.com/biz/bar-moderno-las-vegas#hrid:rlY9HCdZsYA4Mg8eRtsm-A+ Ariahttp://www.yelp.com/biz/aria-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:-uS-SzT-trNEe9mn4LG7bQ+ Mandarin Oriental+ CrystalsIt's always a lot of fun to visit and hang out.  Can't wait to come back.Return Factor - 90%
4	I remember when they were building this place it was a big, big deal. There was a lot of buzz about how it was going to be a city within a city. Casino, hotel, shopping, restaurants, bars, a theater... all in one place. But isn't that pretty much what all the big casinos are now? I don't get what is so special about City Center. If anything, I find it harder to navigate than just going to say the Venetian where you can also shop, dine and play all in one gorgeous locale. We recently stayed at the Mandarin Oriental and I was disappointed to find that it was not even connected to Aria. You had to walk outside, which would really be annoying in the summer. I don't think the residential towers are connected either. So, its really just Aria and Crystals that are directly linked. So how is that a city within a city? I do enjoy window shopping at the fancy stores and Aria is starting to become one of favorite casinos to play at. So, I guess you could say I am a fan even if I don't completely understand the concept.
5	I love CityCenter. It's an architectural marvel. What's kick ass about it is not necessarily the restaurants, hotel rooms, spas, bars, gaming, etc. (though, those are all certainly good), it's the art. There are art installations everywhere you look. All nooks and crannies of the CityCenter buildings (inside and outside) are full of interesting art. And this makes for a fabulously fun, beautiful, and educational self walking tour. A great way to spend a day in Vegas that doesn't involve gaming. Hint: There's an app you can download that will tell you all about each piece of art.
4	I loved seeing the CityCenter property.  I was monitoring the progress in the past few years when I have been to Vegas.  The whole thing was open when I was here in 2011, but I only had time to do a quick walk through to ARIA, HONESTLY there was so much else to do.  The properties itself look beautiful, Vdara is awesome, Aria is where I just stayed for two nights, got to see the casino, and enjoy the nice rooms there.  Crystals was nice to walk through as well, it is a high end shopping mall.  It took forever for the city to finally complete but everyone is glad the whole thing is finally open.
3	At the height of gaming in the mid 2000s gaming corporations were only getting bigger and better, it was decided that Las Vegas needed a step in the right direction by green lighting the multibillion dollar project that is now known as CityCenter. Even 4 years after its inception, it can still be debated on whether the turmoil that lead to erecting this massive collection of properties was worth it.There were a number of issues, which could directly be attributed to timing, bad management, and financial handling that kept delayed construction and its eventual opening in 2009. For instance, 6 people died in the construction of the site, prompting a strike from the workers who were concerned for their safety after working on the project for what was then a non-stop 24 hour schedule. Then there was the 2008 world recession, which left a virtual hole in the Strip, leading to a major decline in tourism and money for the city. Delays ensued when the Dubai folks decided to sue their joint venture partners MGM for a breach of contract. Let's not forget that after it opened, it failed to land much fanfare for almost two years the rash (pun intended) of sunburning incidents due to the construction of the Vdara reflecting beams from the sun? After initial estimates of 4 billion to complete the project, the subsequent total cost was more than double, at a cool 9 billion dollars.There is still The Harmon, a tower that was meant to be a boutique non-gaming resort that has never opened to the public. Halted after realizing there were major construction defects during the building process, it has been OK'd for demolition which is likely to happen later in the year or in 2014.Whether it was worth 9 billion or not, the general makeup of CityCenter is aesthetically pleasing. The Veer Towers (http://www.yelp.com/biz/veer-towers-las-vegas) are a nice high rise living option on the Strip to those who can afford it. In all of its sunburning glory, the Vdara (http://www.yelp.com/biz/vdara-las-vegas-2) is a pretty non-gaming hotel and the Mandarin Oriental (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mandarin-oriental-las-vegas-las-vegas) is one of the nicest resorts in the United States, let alone Las Vegas. There are eyeballs widening from all corners for Crystals (http://www.yelp.com/biz/crystals-at-citycenter-las-vegas), a mall where no limit credit cards can be happily utilized. The most well known property through the thick of it all is the ARIA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aria-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas), if not one of the better casino hotels on the south Strip, if not among the most scintillating.The CityCenter, in spite of its initial problems, provides all visitors to the Strip luxurious options to spend their time in the City of Sin. It brings out a new dimension architecturally, a flashy range of eateries, venues, and entertainment, and will hopefully live up to all the hype it has built up for itself for the better part of the last decade.
4	Well, since it's right off of the tram in the back, I say, why not stop here?The interiors, decorations and architectures of this building looked really nice, which made the walk through perfect. The shops here are ultra high-end, thus removing one star.But still, it's worth walking through!
5	Ample parking, 40+ high end shops, and ever impressive customer service paired with that signature scent present since the day they opened their doors I really cannot find fault in Crystals aside from the prices which, although high, match the luxe goals of the shopping center.  From Tom Ford to Bally and Paul Smith to Prada the wares here are as much art as they are fashion and whether you're buying or browsing the architecture and public art alone warrants a look.
5	Definitely my favorite mall in North America, even if it is on the "very expensive" side! Even if you can't purchase from the stores, the window shopping is ridiculous and very fun! The concierge is helpful in pointing you in the right direction and there are several awesome art displays throughout.
5	Fans of Jaime McGuire's Beautiful Disaster novel have to stop here! Enjoy yourself like Travis and Pigeon.
4	Beautiful mall which makes me want to become rich and spend money here! Hahaha Beautifully designed mall. There is two restaurants and coffee inside. I think the only issues I see here is that it's always warm like the heater is on... They need more seats for guys to hang out while the women shop...hehe We will be back for shopping!
5	Great high end brands mall connected to Aria hotel. Modern design deco, not crowed, nice place that you can shop all the luxury brands here! They have cafe, lounge and restaurant too. Have a rest if you need a break for shopping!
