5	If you are craving a McDonald's fix in Surprise this is the best location.  It is new, clean, great outside stone work and is by far the best looking McDonald's in Surprise.  I must say that the dual order drive thru is great.  It is only 1 line and allows this location to take orders from 2 customers, but no one gets in front of the other.  It is still single file so you don't cars in front of you, like the dual lane drive thrus.  As for food this place has finally got the fries right!  I expect salt and some oil on the fries.  Also nice and hot is a plus.  This location, on a consistent basis has made me a nice batch of fries.  I also enjoyed all the different hamburgers here and so far a great location for hot, fast food.  If you are a fan of McDonald's, like I am this is the best location in Surprise and it is as good as it gets here.  I grew up on happy meals and Ronald McDonald.  What ever happened to the Hamburglar, Grimace, and Birdie the early bird anyway?  Those were the days right?  Cheers, hope you enjoy this McDonald's like I do.
4	Great service by the youngsters that work there.  The food is fine...what else can I say? :-)
4	This McDonald's is by far better than the one over on Litchfield and Waddell. It's not even close. Fries are hot, service is good. Buns aren't stale. You can tell what owner cares about their McDonald's and which one's don't. I made the mistake of telling my brother to get Mcdonalds, and I forgot to tell him to go here and not the Litchfield one. Sure enough he went to the Litchfield one and the fries were cold, bun stale, and he said he waited 10-15 minutes. I don't get how you wait so long at that McDonald's (other fast food places I could see especially if they are making it fresh) especially when the food is stale and cold. I really think they cook the food earlier and just heat it up and remove whatever they need too. It's weird how everything just taste like day old food there. Oh well.Anyways anytime I need a McDonald's fix, I go here, or if I'm coming home from work I go to the one off Litchfield and Glendale. That is a good one also.
1	There are bees everywhere swarming the whole drive thru don't roll down your windows!! Truly Nolan is here but they are not doing anything to solve the problem!!This was not a fun experience! I pulled up to the drive thru window and bees swarmed into my car!! I kept yelling for the drive thru attendant to hurry and hand me my food and she was just starring at me through the window cause she was to afraid to open the window. Meanwhile a plethora of bees let themselves into my vehicle. I was so irritated at the whole situation I just drove off without getting my food! I will never return to this place again!! I should probably seek legal advice since the drive through was still taking customers while knowing that had a swarm of bees in the drive through.
1	It's McDonald's. Haven't eaten it for over a year. I now feel sick. Last time I eat at any McDonald's.
1	A little disgusted. The girl at the drive thru must have been sick. She was leaning in the machine by the window. She kept looking over at us then stood up wiped the sweat from her face with her ungloved hand then proceded to get our food. If you are that sick go home. If she is not sick the manager needs to talk to her. Came thru on Wednesday August 13 at 17:12
4	Clean for a fast food restaurant. Service was quick, best part is the mellow music played in the restaurant.
