4	my local "go to " auto service stop - so far, i've taken chevy camaro, ford f150, chrysler 300c and a toyota yaris here for oil changes and  suggested maintenance - they've always done the required work within the time / cost estimate given ... what else can one ask for ?!?!
1	One of the cheapest place to do SMOG check. But I learnt my lesson why they so cheap. They want to upsell you anything they can. Which is fine with me. That's what they need to do. BUT the fact that they LIE is unacceptable. They told me I need to do an 10000 mile oil change which I just did 2-3 weeks before. They said it's dirty. They said whoever change the oil might gave me a cheap oil. I was worried, then I check with two other mechanic. Both of them said it's very clean. I'm very upset that they lied to my face  like that.One year passed by, I still remembered that incidence. But I will give them another chance, since their price is really good. While waiting, there is another old man that doing the same SMOG check, I overheard that the guy is trying to upsell him some stuff. Make me think, what if they changed some parts in my car without my knowledge and then trying to upsell me those stuff. I was correct, my air filter is dirty, and they recommend me to change it.  and it will cost like around $80. Since they LIE to me the last time, then it's not impossible that they change my clean air filter to a dirty one they have. I don't know the truth, but I will never go back there for sure. I don't need them to tell me something is wrong every time I need to do a SMOG check.
5	I usually do not trust Oil change places. I was told so much BS about what I need, like a $300 battery, $500 worth of new hoses and belts... Well my dear Ex happens to be a mechanic and I know for fact I didnt need any of this crap since he just did it. Exept the battery, but I know I can buy one at Autozone for under $120 and its installed in 5 minutes! WTFAnyways. I went there, being ready to get ripped off but to my surprise, nothing happened! The guys were awesome, they said that he would recommend some service soon but I was fine to drive all the way to texas and get it done at next service. Dude... thats awesome! The batteries needed replaced, yes, they were like 4 years old. Instead of upselling they send me to Autozone to get it and bring it back they would install it for $10.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!  They will scam you!!!  I went there for a $50 full diagnostic because my car's  knock sensor and gas sensor not working and I told him that.  EDDER  told  me that the knock sensor and fuel gauge sensor needs to be replace costing  $900.  I told him I can't afford it but then he keeps lowering his price to $750 which got me suspicious about his honesty. I then found out that there was a rat  nesting in my car chewing on the wires messing up the gauge indicators. I told Edder I need to go home and look at the wires and even the fuse box before I decide to pay $750 for the repairs.  He saids "The $750 is only good if you service it today and not Monday!!"  That's a big clue when the mechanic is shady.   Edder was gonna charge me originally $900 on things that I didn't need replaced.  He wouldn't even print me out the $50 diagnostic that I paid for except just gave me only the invoice and hand written the codes that were suppose to be from the diagnostics.  I'm reporting him to the BBB.  You hear those horror stories about Purrfect Auto. They sure kept their reputation.  Lesson learn!!  There's no honest mechanics anymore.  I would recommend take it to your dealer.  Even they the dealer over charge on labor, their diagnostic and parts are honest.
