5	Most honest mechanics around!  After 3 shops tried to sell me services I did not need, this shop told me the truth.  Everyone I work with loves this shop.  Great work and very honest.
5	Brought my car here for an oil change and was super impressed at the professionalism of all the employees.  Definitely a good vibe here, I feel like they really do promote honesty and would not sell me something I don't need.  Came here because I saw that they gave discounts through my employer...will be coming back for all my automotive needs!
5	Great service, nice facility, wi-fi, comfortable waiting room, cheerful staff, work competed on time. I'll definitely be back! I am a fan and member of Local First Arizona, so keeping my dollars local is important to me. My experience was great!R. GerdesPhoenix
5	This review is dedicated to my cars.  You get me there, and I thank you.In the course of human events, it often becomes necessary to service and maintain cars. In the pursuit of this endeavor, there are 2 options. To maintain the car yourself, or to entrust the maintenance to others.Personally, I would prefer the former, but, depending on the task, I lack all or some of the following: knowledge, experience, tools, and patience. The most difficult aspect of entrusting a valued vehicle to someone for maintenance is trust. Will they be able to do what they say? My first experience with Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair was at a local charity auction. One of the items up for auction was a gift certificate for Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair.  I am gratified that Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair donate to local charities. I made sure that I won the gift certificate and quickly gave them my business to repair and replace some bad brakes which were making an awful noise coming to a stop.They did a fabulous job and I am now using their complimentary wifi as they change my tires. It is a nice feeling to be able to go somewhere you trust with something you rely upon. I found that in Community Tire Pros. I have found the cost to be reasonable, the customer service to be outstanding, and the quality of their work to be flawless.
5	The only reason that I would go to the dealer again is if I had a warranty. Other than that there is NO reason to go anyplace else in Phoenix besides Community Tire. I plan on keeping my current vehicle until 2017 this is my second set of tires from them. Justin and Stephanie also ROCK I can call and make an appointment or to get a quote for tires and there is always a friendly voice on the other end. Last time I was in was a 7:30 appointment (I'm not a morning person) and they were so chipper. I was actually very excited to get new tires. I can stand at the counter and chat like they are my  friends on any topic from a vacation or a date or where I had dinner last night. It's also nice to grab a bottle of water and plop down in a comfy chair and log onto Wi-Fi. In addition to being a customer I have worked the two owners ( Pat and Howard) on a silent Auction for the last 4 years not only do they run a great business but they support every member of the community no matter who they are. I work for a local business and support local business that is why I LOVE community tire. Keep up the good work guys.
1	If you want to spend $$$$ on auto repairs that you may or may not have actually needed...definitely visit this Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair (2424 E. Buckeye Road Phoenix, AZ 85034)!I dropped my car off at this Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair to have my front brakes serviced and to have a new set of headlights (raxiom chrome projector dual ccfl halos...that I was very excited about) installed.An hour later I received a call from the shop with a laundry list of repairs that needed to be done to my car as determined by their thorough inspection of my car (which I didn't ask for and actually told them no, I didn't need that). I told them I would take their repair recommendations under advisement and authorized only the front brakes, rotors, and installation of the headlights.A few hours later I received a call from the shop...."I have bad news," she said. While my car was in their shop, coincidently a seal on the rack and pinion burst (#1 on their list of recommended repairs), they did not feel it was safe for me to drive my car, they would loan me their shop car for the weekend and make the repairs to my car on Monday at a total cost of $1200.00! Now, I may be a girl...but I know when something is wrong with my car. I knew I needed front brakes...but there was no leak prior to pulling into that shop...not even a drip...as was evidenced by my clean garage floor!I cannot definitively say how or why this happened to my car...but I now needed a new rack and pinion...the repairs needed to be done...but they would not be done by Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair....I had my car towed from this garage to my former garage.The situation remains suspicious in my mind and the service, integrity, and ethics of this shop are far below my standards...and all I was doing was looking for an honest, reputable, convenient garage to become my home. Thanks, but no thanks, Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair!UPDATE:  While my visit to Community Tire Pros & Auto Repair (2424 E. Buckeye Road) is something I wish would have never happened...Howard and Justin contacted me in an effort to turn my experience around.  In the end they were able to take the 'sting' out of a difficult experience.
5	This place is GREAT !!!!!My partner and I have been coming here for a couple it years and each time we have had nothing but exceptional service.It is ALWAYS a great experience, staff is ALWAYS friendly, have never been steered wrong with them. A great experience in all. We WILL definitely continue to bring our cars here without hesitation. Awesome job to all !!!!!
1	update: see below
5	This place is the BEST!  The store is clean, restrooms are nice and most of all the staff is awesome!  They treat you like family and when you walk in you are  greeted with a smile. I used to buy my tires at the "other" place but never again!  This is your one stop shop for all your car care needs!
