5	love, love, love this store.  found THE perfume here.
5	Beautiful store.  The look and feel matches its name.  The second I set foot in the store, I should have known it would be the start of a new passion for beauty products.  I somehow managed to refrain from purchasing anything on the first visit.  Barbara was enthusiastic and friendly and had me try the sugar lip treatment, the soy face cleanser and the supernova mascara.  Even though I already knew that all three of those products were absolutely amazing, I somehow found the will power in me NOT to buy anything.But it was game over anyway.  I couldn't stop thinking about the products....On my three day trip to Vegas, I went to that store probably 4 times.  The second visit, I bought the lip treatment, the third visit, the mascara.... the fourth I just went back because I really like the sake eau de parfum, but somehow managed not to buy it (hmm..maybe it was the $75 price tag?)...and even after I got back, I HAD to go to the SF store, because I HAD to have the soy face cleanser...and the deodorant...I am in love.  Their nectarine milk bath is super nice as well.  I've actually been using that for years and my bathtub collection of soaps is not complete without a bottle of it.The supernova mascara is incredible.  Until this mascara, I hated mascara.  It was clumpy, didn't hold my lashes up for very long, was very difficult to take off, etc... Supernova is like magic.  My lashes look great ALL DAY LONG and it comes off quite easily (especially with the soy face cleanser).They also have a WALL of fragrance.  I have never seen so many different fragrances.  If you are on the hunt for a fragrance and are looking for something different than the standard fair you find in the department stores, I recommend checking out the fresh line (there must be at least 20 different scents...)Note:  They do carry the fresh products at Sephora and at Saks and Neiman's, but to be honest, you get so much more attention in their actual store and you can see all of their fabulous products all in one place AND try them all out!!
2	I love the milk soaps, but the staff at this location is truly annoying.  I understand they are required to hock their wares, but once I've made it known that I am uninterested in additional product lines, I want to left alone.  Lady, stop trying to spray me with perfumes, stop sticking lip balms in my face, stop squeezing moisterizer at me.  I'll stick to internet shopping.Also, while the perfumes smell great, they dont last for shit.  Within a couple of hours the store spritzing, the scent was completely gone.  For $75 a bottle, no thanks.
5	Okay, I love Fresh. The stuff lives up to the name and I love this store. For the last few years it's been open, I go in to browse and end up getting a facial. They offer facials. The best facial I've ever had including some of the high end places here on the Bay Area peninsula. The thing I love the best? I spent $120 for a facial and got a free make over and...wait for it! ....$120 in product back. Anything I wanted. So I keep stocked up on what I need every single time I go to Vegas.    The facial room is tiny and the closet you stow your gear in doubles as stock storage. But I am still oddly calmed by being in there. You barely can tell there are customers milling about five feet away or a thrum of traffic 100 yards away.     I plan to be back in their hands in July. Fresh, take me away!
5	speechless...this store & their product is the best ever.  after reading others' reviews this is just another proclamation of how great your experience could be visiting this store as well as going home happy w/ the product.  first of all, i didn't know about the facial deal that the vegas location had.  something to look into during my next visit.  my sister & i stumbled upon this store hoping to take a short cut back to our hotel room but we had at least a 1 hr detour.  victoria offered a 10 min facial since they didn't have any samples of their creme ancienne.  i was experiencing extremely dry skin & flaking because of the weather, the water, and being in the air conditioned rooms hotel/casino/meetings for 4 days.  victoria started from the first step, face wash to even trying out some of their make up line.  i walked out w/ an abundance of things, and i'm so happy with all my purchases.  no regrets.  my faves so far is the seawater toner, ancienne, twilight primer, supernova mascara, face luster w/ brush, lip gloss, hand cream, acai body cream - ok everything!  they typically have good samples but they ran out - go figure.  i want more, i'm addicted!  i hope the sf fresh location gives me just as great service.
5	Even though I have a Fresh store in my home city, I decided to purchase more product from the Palazzo location just because...pure loyalty.It arrived within 2 or 3 business day via regular mail and free shipping!  Victoria also completed my order and hooked it up!  She included  6 samples and another free goodie that is normally $25!  I was in a happy stupor.  I'm officially addicted.
5	All I'm saying is my wife and I with a whole jar of Brown Sugar Body Polish and Caesar's Palace in-room Jacuzzi bathtub was hours of entertainment!!!
5	Love this place. I go with my mother every time, our SA is the best. She saves stuff for us, stocks more stuff for us, and ships to us too! I am addicted to the sugar lip treatments, so delish. The Original Sugar actually tastes like a lemon pie. Still sweet though.
5	Wow is a word you will say when you walk into Fresh. It smells so amazing. They burn the candles they sell there so its such a mix of wonderful scents. But it dont over power you. Came here with some friends and they will hook you up with mini facials and makeup applications as well as glasses of bubbly.Our salesperson that night was Jonathan and he was beyond helpful. He knows how to treat a customer and make them feel great.One friend dropped a huge wad o' cash on some of the best skincare products I have ever seen.I was a good girl and didnt buy anything but still got hooked up with some free samples...thats how they get ya. I am now addicted to the face cream he gave me and must go back and get some.It was a great way to kill an hour thats for sure!
4	Concur...beautiful store!  The bright, airy, aromatic...& on & on.  I like stopping into their signature stores because of their expansive stock but they are usually so far and few.  This is a great location just inside the shops at Ceasars' rotunda.My favorite scent is the lemon sugar but I love to run around trying them all.  The customer service here is gracious and detailed.  I left feeling refreshed!
5	Beautiful shop. Made me think about where else I had seen this line of product. I know that Sephora carries some of that is offered here. It smells so clean and just really beautiful here.  The candles are amazing but can be slightly over powering as well. I can imagine coming in here with my girlfriends, having mini facials and makeup apps done here while we gossip and chit chat as we enjoy the bubbly that they offer. Oh wow. talk about awesome CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! I don't know that all their products are for me but I can definitely see myself coming here to do some major damage over the years. I like being able to make my OWN signature fragrance. It's quite amazing in here.
5	I love Fresh and their stores are always so great. This one is great, since I remember they had a really gorgeous manager here.Drool.
5	While I love Fresh products - especially the fruit-inspired fragrances, I'm a sucker for awesome service. The store manager assisted me on my recent visit and showed me my new favorite fragrance - a grapefruit based scent.While ringing me up, she created a frequent shopping card and invited me to come back for an in-store facial. I even got a gift with purchase - who doesn't love free stuff? While Fresh products are not cheap, they are definitely worth it. The addition of great service will make me a fan for life.
5	I've been coming to Fresh for the last half dozen years or so. Cynthia was the manager then who gave amazing facials that made me glow. When she moved to the store at Palazzo I followed her. I was devastated when she left. But I discovered Jonathan this trip and I LOVE him. He gives the most wonderful facials that even three days later, my skin is like velvet. He gave me great advice for my skin after having gone through some health issues. When he did my make up (which was a few hours before I renewed my vows) he could tell I wasn't a huge make up person and made sure I looked as natural as possible. He's the best. They are also wonderful at Palazzo. Cher is fabulous.
5	My friend and I stumbled upon the Fresh store in the Forum Shops on our recent trip to Las Vegas and was pleasantly greeted by Jonathan. He is so passionate about the product and was very helpful with answering our questions and offering samples of practically every product. There is so much to choose from and they have a product that satisfies every woman's needs. I am now obsessed with my new Fresh products and can not live without them! I love the "fresh" scent of the rose petal line, especially the cucumber essence that is in it, even my husband said my skin smells better too, haha! We'll be back, thank you Jonathan!
