4	The Sushi ReviewYama Asian FusionGood Sushi and Service, but You Are Paying for Atmosphere.I was impressed by this establishment, mostly because there is no reason I should not have been. Located in the SouthPark area of Charlotte, it is near both shopping and nightlife. The atmosphere is cool, very LA in that it has all the trendy benchmarks of what you would expect from a modern sushi bar. The service was very good for dinner and the Hibachi lunch menu is pretty straightforward, but as we say at Soundboy America, it's always about the Maki, baby. If you want to avoid the after work drink-pounding office crowd, check them out for lunch - the crowd is a bit more diverse: from corporate types, shoppers, hipsters to merchants with the day off. The dinner crowd by comparison is vibrant and up-tempo, but keep in mind that you run the risk of being next to a co-worker birthday celebration. Both the import and domestic beer selection is above average, just like the sushi prices. They did a pretty good job on the "Soundboy" roll (salmon Philly tempura) but overall I would definitely take a date there that I was trying to impress. Just know what you are doing in advance and be ready to drop a hundred bones including wine and tip. But that is all about location which is reflective in the bill. Overall I would recommend it.
4	This is a good sushi place. Nice atmosphere, fresh fish and ingredients. Can't beat that!
5	I love sushi! Yama Asian Fusion is a great place to go for sushi and a nice atmosphere. When you arrive they give you a warm washcloth for your hands. Be careful, don't enjoy it too much or it may end up on your eyes...like my husband. He loves to put the warm cloth over his eyelids for the extra soothing feel just before dinner. The service is very good. The are very courteous and attentive. The servers also give you space to visit, take your time to enjoy the meal, and we never felt pressure. The presentation of the sushi is nice. We have ordered a chicken stir-fry and different sushi and rolls. I always enjoy eating a well-made spicy tuna roll. Both times we have been to Yama we have spent at least $30 (without drinks from the bar...they ran out of Plum wine this past time) and left feeling full and happy. Parking is easy. They are located in front of Earth Fare and have parallel parking spaces next to the building or there is a parking garage (free to park) across the shopping center street. Great place for a nice, relaxing, and delicious time!
5	Third time is the charm...still great and consistent! If you are in the mood for sushi during "off peak" hours (e.g., in between lunch and dinner), Yama is open! I was starting to get hungry around 3pm and I tried 3 different places and by the time I arrived at each place they were closed between lunch and dinner. I guess I was meant to eat at Yama.
3	Stopped in for Sushi. Trendy atmosphere. Loud club music playing to pump you up as you eat. Classic Bruce Lee flick projected on wall is good for a few laughs. Sushi is fresh. Stuck with some of the more basic Maki rolls (Spicy Tuna, California). Both were on par with what you would expect from most Sushi restraunts. The Sapporo Beer in 22oz can has an interesting steel shaped design to it.
4	This place was good - the sushi rolls were very fresh and tasty, and the food from the kitchen is good as well.Lunch portions are not out of control, and the restaurant is well-designed and decorated.I think it would qualify more as a Japanese restaurant than Asian fusion, but it's worth a look nonetheless.  Give it a try if you're near Southpark Mall!
5	Here's the key to any sushi restaurant with its salt: Consistency. If you're a fan of seafood in general, and especially RAW seafood, you want your restaurant of choice to hit the mark every single time. I have eaten at Yama dozens of times and they have been consistantly excellent. From the taste and quality of the food to the great service and atmosphere. If you're a sake fan they have quite a good selection. For my money, the best sushi in town.
4	Yama is pretty straight-forward, but good sushi.  I prefer to sit in the bar - the sushi chefs pay more attention to you. Side note: Why is NASCAR always on in the bar?  Seriously...
5	This could be one of the best sushi places in Charlotte.  I have been here three times now, and have yet to be disappointed.  The staff is friendly and they are more than willing to change a tv to your game of preference.  The best part?  If you order enough sushi, they will bring it out on a boat.  Definitely impressive.  They have all sorts of special rolls that they make, with descriptions on the menu.  As well as the typical assortment of nigiri.The atmosphere is very classy, but you could definitely go in jeans.  They also have a bar area.  I think the fusion comes from the ingredients that they use in their specialty rolls.  They even have soy paper wrapped rolls for those who do not indulge in seaweed.  They were not bad.  Also, another thing is they have a decent amount of non fried rolls.  Many places go overboard on the fried rolls which is a bit much at times.I have only been during dinner time.  Edamame is good.
5	Some of the best sushi that I have had in a while....great rolls with good sauces to complement them. The Chicken Katsu was pretty good for katsu as well (meaning katsu tastes pretty similar in general). The chicken was good quality and the katsu sauce was flavorful. We had the Tempura ice cream for dessert and it was phenomenal.My wife and I are from CA and have been looking for good sushi in the Charlotte area and have finally found a place we both really like! We can't wait to go back and try some more rolls!Note: its not so much Asian Fusion as it is authentic Japanese food
4	Mmmhhmm just like Dan K. says, order enough sushi and you are served via boat. Who doesn't want to eat off of a mini yacht? Yama has some solid sushi - some of my favorite in Charlotte. For some time hubs and I would only hit up Nikko, but I'm not keen on the bumping beats after 7:30 pm, so we sought sushi elsewhere. Yama is situated in the super sweet Morrison shopping center with a plenty of parking. Inside, it looks like a pretty standard, upscale sushi bar - a smattering of tables in the back and front and an actual seated sushi bar. It's pleasant inside, but it's not "tricked out" like some other sushi locales. The food is delicious. Hubs and I have tried a variety of their rolls and I haven't had anything less than super as of yet. Their fish is very, very fresh and they do have a bunch of creative rolls. Some of my personal favorites are: Snow roll - a rice paper wrapped fish fiesta, the Charlotte roll and the Firecracker roll. It's also nice to see that there are only very few rolls that are super fried or stuffed with cream cheese. That's just not my bag.The edamame was tasty, steamed just enough and salted to our liking. Their hot food, from what I've tasted, was quite good as well. Standard dumplings and Hibachi. The staff at Yama are attentive and helpful, yet wisely let us hammer down our sushi in peace. The owners are there quite often and they are always very kind and grateful that we came in, whether it's for takeout or for dinner. Yay for Yama, a traditional sushi experience!
4	First off, let me say that I would give this 5 stars except that I don't feel that I'm familiar enough with the area to really give an accurate comparison.   I have been here 4 times and every time it has been great quality for a good price.  I have also brought 3 other people, who all said I made the right choice for sushi, so I think that this will please most people.  I like this better than Nikko's because it's cheaper and in my opinion has a better variety.  As far as their staff goes, every time I have been there the staff has been very attentive and friendly, without being overbearing.  Overall I would highly recommend giving this place a try if you're looking for sushi in Charlotte.
4	i love yama, its tied for my favorite sushi place in charlotte but is cheaper than the other fav and more laid back.  i get take out from there a lot as well.  highly recommend yama for a laid back sushi din din with friends.  its a bigger brighter space than most of your sushi places in town and the staff is great!  its not as expensive as cyros but doesnt have their high end sashimi either and its better than nikko but doesnt have the party atmosphere.
5	They have the best sushi ever, though it can be pricey, it is worth it. They also have hibachi for those who don't care for sushi. There is a Wine Store right next door so you can buy your wine and take it into Yama. They do a quick take out and I have them on speed dial.
4	I love this place! It's in the neighborhood so I tend to dine here a lot. The sushi is always top-notch; if it's not to your standards, there's no problem sending it back. I wouldn't recommend the tempura; it's a little too heavily fried for me. It's also fantastic that you can bring in wine from neighboring Wine Store without a corkage fee. Try the specialty martinis also...amazing!
4	We ordered several rolls as well as some nigiri sushi. Wonderful fresh fish...the yellowtail was like butter. Their mackrel is perfectly marinated. 100% on the sushi as a whole.The salad was a bit expensive and ginger dressing too mustardy for our taste.I also had the lychee martini and ginertini...both excellent.The staff was friendly, our waitress was very nice and helpful in her suggestions. Service was prompt and efficient.We enjoyed our evening and will definitely be back to Yama!
4	Ok folks this is as good as it gets in the City of Charlotte, sushi wise. If there is anyone out there that knows of a better place please point me in that direction.  I went to Nikko sushi and heard it was one of the best places for sushi in the city and they were WRONG!!   Ugh, it was horrible however I found this hidden place and the sushi was ten times better than Nikko Sushi.  The New York roll is to die for kinda pricey 13 bucks a roll however, if this is as good as it gets then might as well pay for the damn thing.
5	Excellent sushi -- fresh, creative (in the western sushi way) but still plenty of authentic japanese choices.  Fun atmosphere: higher end, but not so high end that you can't take a family (assuming the kids do well in restaurants).Would choose this ten times out of ten over nearby Cyros.
4	The food was amazing. I had hibachi shrimp and husband had sushi. My rice, vegetables and shrimp were delicious. Only reason I didn't give Yama 5 stars is because our waitress kept putting her fingers in our drinking glasses. EWW!
4	Yama Asian Fusion has a great patio in an upscale shopping center.  The restaurant next door had live music on their patio so we were able to see and hear the fabulous music during our dinner.  I had sushi which was pretty good and my friends had the salmon which was also tasty.  I would visit this place again but wish they had a better variety of rolls as most of theirs are "flash fried" and more appealing to the sushi novice.
5	I. Love. This. Place.If you asked me one food I could eat every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, it would be sushi. And if you asked for specifics? It would be sushi from Yama. Love the miso soup. Love the seaweed salad (and my husband loves the squid salad). We both love the sushi and sashimi -- it's fresh, delicious, there's a wide selection, and if you order enough of it, they'll even bring it to you on a wooden boat.Haven't tried any of the "fusion" that goes on here, though -- I'm perfectly content with the best sushi in Charlotte.
4	My favorite sushi spot in Charlotte. It's a quieter scene than Nikko or Enso IMO as well as better sushi. Yama has a very extensive menu including entrees and hibachi. It's a little on the pricey side, but the portions are huge. If you with a friend or significant other and usually order 4 rolls, you'll probably only need 3, and since the price is a little higher, probably best anyway...ha! Service is spot on and the recommendations are very good. My favorite rolls are the snow roll w/soy paper and the crazy tuna roll. Sushi is so fresh and the place is larger than Cyros. So if you're in the South Park area make sure to check it out as it's located across from Earth Fare.
5	The best sushi in town! large pieces of the freshest fish you can get.Tommy the sushi chef is the best!
5	Yama is delicious and fresh. A friend of mine is always ranting and raving about it so I thought I'd check it out. It was a bit pricey but worth it. The appetizer with tuna and avocado is great. My favorite sushi is the one with the filet on top. Yum!
5	Yama-lujah!  I just found my new favorite sushi spot in Charlotte! A fellow foodie recommended this place as the best sushi in Charlotte......really? After hearing that, I made it a priority to check it out after my next monthly visit to Earth fare. It took me forever to decide on a roll, even though I had studied the menu prior to going, but the server was so very helpful with her recommendations and they were eager to cater to whatever you asked for.......gotta love great service! I finally decided on the Southpark and Filet lover's roll and they both were out of this world good! As good as it was, I'm still hesitant to jump on that 'best sushi' in Charlotte train as Enso's sushi is equally as good as Yama in my opinion, but I will definitely be back........perhaps I'll need to save up before my next visit as the rolls are quite pricey at Yama, but worth every penny:-)
1	I came with my boyfriend and his family for dinner and all six of us were sorely, sorely disappointed. Not only was the food overpriced and gross, but the manager was all kinds of shady.What we ordered:Tempura appetizer ($8.95)Morrison Roll ($13.95)Sunrise Roll ($9.95)Honeymoon Roll ($5.95)Hibachi Chicken entree ($13.95)Hibachi Steak & Scallop entree [+ upgrade to filet mignon] ($22.95)The rolls were DINKY and mediocre at best. My boyfriend says he can find better rolls at Harris Teeter. The chicken in the hibachi chicken entree was overcooked, dry, and salty. The steak in the hibachi steak entree was super dry and supposed to be medium rare, which it wasn't.Honestly, tacking on "Asian Fusion" to your restaurant name does not give you an excuse to serve poorly-made, half-assed, inauthentic "Japanese" food.The fun doesn't stop there. When I got the check, I was surprised to see "19.67% Gratuity" added on to the subtotal. I knew from what was printed in the menu that an 18% gratuity is automatically added for parties of six or more. I called our waiter over to give us an explanation; his response was shady and unclear. I obviously wasn't satisfied so he had the manager come over to explain it, which he did in an even more shady manner. He said something to the effect of "Just subtract the tax from the subtotal and the gratuity comes out correctly." When I didn't buy that explanation either, he said "The computer says 19.67% but if you add it up it's 18%."Anyone with a pea-sized brain would see through the manager's pathetic and feeble attempt to justify the arbitrary 19.67% gratuity. I literally had to punch out the numbers on a calculator in front of him just to show him what 18% really amounted to. He took the check back to "check it out." When he returned, he said he took out gratuity so that we could give however much we saw fit. He didn't even give a simple apology; a "sorry about that" would have sufficed. Needless to say, I left muuuch less than 18%. If you end up siding with the majority opinion here (which I find shocking), at the very least do a double-take when you get your check. I didn't think there could be such shady behavior at a somewhat upscale restaurant, especially in the South Park area, but I was clearly proven wrong.P.S. Fun fact: "yama" in Thai means "don't come." Take that as a warning :P
4	This place is my number two sushi place in the state of North Carolina (the first place being Sushi Love in Durham, NC). Lots of original sushi with some fake ones as well (I call all fried/Philly cheese/american type sushis fake). It's a little pricy, but the quality compensates. Very polite and friendly waiter.
4	The sushi is great, I am originally from the Pacific Northwest and consider great sushi to be a Constitutional Right under the Right to Happiness, Yama does not disappoint.  The fish is extremely fresh and the presentation is outstanding .The Sake is outstanding, Hard to find Sake is the norm at Yama.  The Sake Sommelier is very knowledgeable and did a great job on listen to our preferences and matching them to his Sake selection   5 stars here. The only reason I did not rate it 5 stars is the seating can be a bit of a distraction and it was kind of noisy, not terrible just not as quiet as I would normally expect in a fine Sushi Restaurant. Still a Best of Charlotte candidate.
5	I LOVE this restaurant!! Excellent sushi & atmosphere.  Some sushi can get a little pricey but it's worth it! Highly recommend!!  yummy!!! :)
5	Hands down my fave sushi spot in Charlotte.The FRESHest (need I say more?!). I have also enjoyed diverting from the miso to the clear soup per suggestion by the waiter. Try the squid salad if you need a cold appetizer option...PS: Bring in vino from Winestore located next door and they'll skip the corkage fee.
4	My current sushi crush in town- love these guys and the quality sushi they are putting out.  Combine that with the fact there is no corkage fee when you bring in a bottle just bought 2 doors down at Winestore, and this is date night with the wife, asian-style.Menu contains most of the staples you expect at a sushi house- a host of rolls, nagiri and all the standard appetizers.  I'm partial to the seaweed salad here- always fresh and perfectly seasoned.  Sadly, they put regular lettuce in the bottom of the bowl to make it look fuller, but I still think you get a nice portion size for an appetizer salad.  Steamed endamame is also good, if not just a bit pricey for the small-ish portion size you get.  Maki rolls are the mainstay here, and you can find all the usual suspects, along with a Southpark-themed list of specialty rolls.  One standout, though, is the sweet potato roll.  Simply tempura fried strips of sweet potato rolled up in nori and rice.  It is crazy good with a little wasabi and soy sauce- just a great balance of sweet with salty and then the heat of the wasabi.  I don't know who else in town is doing this roll, but they sure should.They also have a number of other dishes on their menu for non-sushi eaters, but I can't say I've tried any.  I do see lots of folks order the tempura vegetables and the huge plate that comes along with it, but I pass because I know I'm going to stuff myself with the fresh goodness of their rolls.Staff service here has been a little mixed and they do get spread thin when things get busy for dinner service on Fridays and Saturdays, but so long as I'm into my wine, I don't mind a little extra wait.  At least you do get warm hand towels when the server first comes to your table- always a nice touch.  There's also a small outdoor patio seating area which is nice when the weather permits.For true sushi-love, I heart Yama.
5	I'm really glad to see new sushi places like this one popping up on the map in Charlotte.   It used to be the same old places, but now with the competition moving in people will have to up their games to compete.Know your roll.... I only tried 2 rolls during my first visit here last night, but they were delicious and very filling.  The menu had a lot of other rolls to try that sounded super yummy so I have a feeling this place will not get old fast with the variety of rolls offered.  The menu also had a lot of sake - which I could totally go for on a weekend.. not when I have a deadline to beat on a Friday (the following day).Our server was very nice and was patient with us since we were a large group and did not all arrive at the same time.  Making reservations for the group, and it was just a quick, painless (less than a minute) phone call.  I did feel a little funny since the phone is quickly answered with a quick "yama" and I found myself stumbling over my words, but I managed to get my gears turning and the words finally came out coherently.   Overall... this is my "sushi-go-to" place for the time being.
4	Yama is a solid sushi spot.  Most of the sushi places I've been to in Charlotte are fun and personable in their own ways - but they often have some kind of gimmick (music, scene, eclectic menu) and "ok" sushi.  Yama is nice, streamlined, professional - seeming to focus on good food.At the recommendation of our waitress, I had the HM roll and loved it.  I sampled a few of my fellow diners' rolls too and all were good.  Most of the rolls on the menu were about $10-14.Atmosphere is nice - quiet and modern, lots of wood, local art on the walls.  Service was great.  They were very responsive, subtle and perfect on timing.
3	The sushi has never disappointed me. Their eclectic Asian menu, however, has on several occasions left me unimpressed. As another reviewer notes, there are some off flavors in many of the dishes. Service is very good. I still go there but only for the sushi.
4	We are regulars at Yama now. Been there at least a dozen times. We love sushi and like that it's consistently fresh and expertly prepared, something I find hard to say about other Charlotte sushi spots. Our favorites are the Big Mike roll (not on the menu but a special almost al the time, its basically a Morrison roll with added crab), the Morrison, the Boston Roll, Sweet Potato roll (tried on the recommendation of another Yelp review and liked it!), Crazy Tuna roll and if you prefer cooked food, the Chicken Katsu is very crispy.Service is mixed. It's usually fast and friendly, but not necessarily voluntarily helpful. However a few times we've had excellent service, it's just unpredictable. Atmospherically, it can get loud and they keep the a/c jacked up, bring a sweater or drink green tea! Yama is pricey, my recommendation is to pick a big roll or two to share and supplement with some of the smaller more basic, but still excellent ones. The large rolls are quite filling.If you like desert, let me recommend the chocolate cake. Yes, chocolate cake at a sushi restaurant, and it's some of the best in Charlotte! The only negative? No coffee to drink with it!! It's huge, bring a friend and get two forks.
2	This is a quiet little sushi place in the Morrison shopping center. I decided to go there for lunch today for a trial run before deciding if it would be good for a dinner sometime and was really disappointed.I really like the atmosphere here, it makes for a nice quiet lunch and I got seated and my order taken pretty fast when coming in. I opted for the lunchtime sushi bento box since it had most of the basics which is always a good measure to judge a restaurant by. I really liked the miso soup with a nice amount of tofu, seaweed and not too salty to start with. The bento came out shortly afterwards and the gyoza was perfect! warm and yummy with a slight char on the outside. Usual salad with a slightly peanut based dressing I think. The nigiri however was not up to par at all. The fish was fresh and cut nicely but I think they forgot to show some love to the rice somewhere along the way! The rice was cold and hard and after the meal was over did not work very well with my tummy. I thought it was a fluke so I tried them all, sadly they were all hard, cold, and tasteless with not even a hint of vinegar blended in properly.I don't know if I'll come back, and if I do I think I'll just stick to the sashimi. I really wanted to like this place but I don't think it's worth it when there are plenty of options around like Upstream, and The cow fish just minutes away.
5	Yama is a favorite!  We go there all the time for a casual night of sushi.  The staff is always courteous and the food is exceptional.  The Colony Roll is delicious as is the hibachi chicken.  GREAT TIP - go to the WINESTORE that is located in the same shopping center and pick up a bottle of wine - Yama will NOT charge a corkage fee!
5	Yama probably has the best sushi in Charlotte. Their waiter and waitress are soo nice, and they don't forget about you, even when their super busy. I love their Tempura Ice Cream, which is to die for! And their price range is pretty average, but for good sushi like their, I would say their price is very affordable! This place is SUPERB!
5	fresh fish, a very good selection of sake, and a very knowledable owner. this place is great for business meals, family gatherings, and when you want some good Japanese food!
5	I went with a friend and we tried:Hot Sake!Firecracker 1Boston RollCharlotte RollNagiriOutstanding sushi - one of my faves in Charlotte.  While it doesn't have the disco flare of another grand sushi joint off of South Blvd, this place carries it's weight in quality of food and service. YUM!!
3	Good sushi in the Southpark area. Inconsistent service keeps this from being 4-star.
4	Yama is not as trendy (like Nicole W. mentioned) as some sushi joints (like Cowfish or cream-cheese-laden as Ru San's) but not as traditional as others (Musashi or even Simplee).  But if you want something in-between-- a mix of the usual seaweed salads, gyoza and some creative rolls, Yama is a solid bet. It's been awhile since I've been to Yama (about a year and a half) and everything seems to have changed for the better. The interior has been through some light renovations, and the space looks a bit more modern than before.  The only issue I noticed were some tables were dangerously close to other tables, separated only by bamboo poles, so you could see/hear a lot of what the table next to you is saying.  Don't let this deter you from enjoying some Yama goodness. Our server told us they added on to the menu too. Overall, everything was executed very nicely.  The house salad is a good size, all the rolls are super fresh tasting and I thought very reasonable for the money. The dessert of fried bananas, sounds pretty ordinate...but it's paired with red bean ice cream, which I love. The service was very good-- but it can get really busy, even for a Thursday evening.  I'd suggest making reservations for popular times. PS:  Since I'm not big of sushi with crazy amounts of rice, I would ask my rolls to be light on the rice.  Yama seems to use more rice in some special rolls than other places I've been-- which is fine, but to me, I like a good balance of insides to rice!
4	The hibachi shrimp and scallops are great.
5	Yama is one of the best Sushi places in Charlotte. The food is always fresh and delicious. Nice atmosphere (can be very loud at times) and friendly staff. The management always comes by our table which my husband and I appreciate. I think the prices are fairly consistent with other Sushi places in the area. We have always had good meals here and will continue to visit.
3	This place was pretty good, but nothing exciting.  It's very casual.  The server was very nice and they accommodated a picky eater which was a huge plus.  The fish was fresh and everything tasted fine.  The Firecracker roll had way too much rice compared to the amount of fish.  The Morrison roll the filet was well done, thumbs down. The Spider roll was only half a soft-shell crab instead of a whole one and the batter was more beer batter than tempura. Overall it was tasty but I prefer other places in town.
4	It's 4 stars, and I'll tell you why in a bit.This is one of the best sushi I've found so far in Charlotte... and I've been to quite a few.  Sashimi was about a $1 more than other places, but well worth it because the pieces were huge.  The Rainbow Roll was delicious. (This is a great roll to judge a place by)  Only thing I didn't like, is all their rolls that list crab as an ingredient, don't have ANY crab in them!  They put Pollock fish in there instead.  Apparently places in this town are doing this ...I don't know how they're getting away with it... how can you say something has crab when it doesn't?  I guess people around here either don't know the difference, or they do and put up with being lied to.  The end result is the sushi places keep getting away with it.  You couldn't get away with that scam in California.  Crab is crab, fish is fish, there is a BIG BIG difference in taste and texture.  If you order crab and they give you fish, don't let them get away with it, SAY SOMETHING!  They can only do what we allow them to get away with.The other thing, is the Ikura (Salmon roe) was wrinkled and mushy, not crisp and refreshing like it's supposed to be.  It also had a funky not-so-fresh taste that made it unpleasing.  This was disappointing because it's usually my favorite item to eat alongside my rolls.  I also think they have too much spice in the ginger's marinade, it totally overpowered it's natural complex flavor.The Hibachi chicken dish was average, so I would stick to just the sushi here.So for lying about the ingredients and for bad Ikura, I need to take off at least one star.  Yama is still one of the better places I've found so far in this town.  If they got those two issues fixed, they'd be a solid 5 stars for sushi!
3	I honestly thought this place was just okay.  I wasn't overly impressed with anything I tried...maybe I ordered the wrong things?Edamame--It was okay but it was stuffed in a bowl that was too small so the salt was only on the top two or three pieces.  When we asked for more salt we were offered a salt shaker that had large crystalized salt in it, so..... the salt wouldn't come out.  There were several pieces that did not have the beans in them at all.  The house salad with ginger dressing was very good.  The sushi combinations were just okay.  Anything we ordered with spicy tuna was pretty good and seemed fresh.  The salmon was just so-so and the yellowtail was very fishy.  I was told by one of my dining partners that the lobster roll was very good.  I think I was a little disappointed because even the rolls that offered "crunch" had no crunch at all.  So, the consistency was a bit bothersome.  I also didn't think the pieces were very big for the price.  The atmosphere was okay, nothing special.  The service was decent but we had to wait quite awhile and there was no one in the restaurant. Bottom line..I was expecting MUCH more from this place due to all the fabulous reviews.  I wouldn't go back.  I like Room 112 or Osaka or cowfish better.
4	Very wide menu selection of Japanese and sushi. Service wad prompt and efficient. The four of us ordered different items, most being sushi -a lot of sushi! All the food was fresh and tasty. I've been to many sushi bars in Charlotte and this one rates tops on my list.
4	Best sushi I've had in Charlotte area. The service is hit or miss but never a deal breaker.
4	I recently met a couple friends at Yama for a leisurely afternoon lunch. When i walked in, I was immediately struck by how modern and attractive the restaurant is. That, of course, doesn't mean that the food is good, but it's always nice to see.When I first looked at the menu, I was a little worried: it was on the expensive side. Soon, however, I realized that I was reading the dinner section. The lunch specials are much more reasonably priced. I ordered a sushi bento box, which was tasty, almost too big to finish, and only about $10. The other components of the box were quite tasty as well.Yama--give it a try!
4	I tend to follow Faith Ds advice and she doesn't lead you astray here. Above that, I was amazed with the level of service.  Our waitress was absolutely fantastic and full of personality.  We tried a few different rolls and a basic bottle of Pinot.  It was wonderful!  I don't think you can really go wrong with any of the rolls.  Hint : If you love Sake, they have a great selection.
5	Yama I LOVE You!!!  Mmmm!  Two Diners and several Lunches!  Until last week it had been a few years since my last visit... Everything is still Fantastic!  The only Huge improvement was there GINGER Sauce (they will tell you it is a Steak sauce)... This ginger Sauce is the BEST I have ever Tasted anywhere!!!  Tempura and Hibachi  is Excellent!  Last week I had Chicken with Fried Rice and Vegetables! Nice Looking place and it better be in this Neighborhood!  Modern with a Japanese (I guess) Flare (not Rick)... Tacky would NOT have worked here!  The Service is Always GREAT!  They have always treated me with the GREATEST SKEPTICISM as I expect everyone to!  It's a HUGE compliment to me when someone is incredulous! You want to look smart???No Food fights here, no chef to catch something on fire and throw shrimp n you lap...I'm great with "Japanese" Cookes stay in the kitchen and I can enjoy my own company or ____!If I were more of a "Japanese" "Food" American style Japanese so-called food or if I were a fan of Rice or Rice rolled up with other untasty or barely tasty ingredients and called Sushi... If I had only Rice or Sushi (I know the word "Sushi" IMPLYS more in America) to eat I would NOT starve to death - I might die of a Broken Heart, because this is not on my list of food that I want to eat, so I would not starve, though I would not be even one pound overweight because I would be eating only for nutritional needs and ZERO enjoyment!   If I were a fan of Sake (never had one I liked and never tasted any here) They have a selection beyond what I knew existed!
1	There were three in our party and each of us had a very bad experience. Sushi was not very fresh and had a very fishy smell. There are numerous sushi restaurants in Charlotte that are far better than this one. When we very politely commented to the owner that the meals were all disappointing, he was extremely rude to us.
3	First, I should say that I'm not a sushi fan, but I went because the fella is.  We hadn't been in over a year, but the place was still as warm and inviting as I remembered.  Unfortunately, our waitress didn't have much personality, and we had to remind her to bring a glass of wine we'd been waiting on for awhile.  We skipped the appetizer and went right for entrees - he got the Snow Roll, and I got hibachi chicken (boring, I know).  The chicken tasted very fresh, and the fried rice had more flavor than most.  Fella said the sushi was good but on par with the place he normally goes.  He was impressed that there were 10 rolls instead of the standard 8, which also made the price ($14.95) a little more reasonable.  I thought the price for the hibachi chicken ($14.95) seemed lower than most places.All in all, a solid experience.
4	Above-average Sushi in Charlotte. Came on a Friday night, without reservations, and got a seat at sushi bar. The Spicy Tuna roll was average, but the Tempura Rolls were really fresh. We watched the chefs prepare the Morrison Roll (w/ Filet), and will get that next time. Interior looks very Asian, and you forget you are in South Park as soon as you step in. Will come here more often, especially if CowFish continues to inflate their "wait times".
4	I think that Yama has some of the best sushi in town. There are many many things here that are amazing however I only give them 4 stars as not all my experiences here have been great.  Overall the sushi here is fresh and delicious.  The Morrison roll, and the crazy tuna roll are two of my favs!! The gyoza, clear soup, miso soup, and salad are all extremely good as well :-)  I have tried their hibachi dishes and I've had better. I generally stick with sushi here though and the sushi never disappoints. I've read some other reviews and I have on occasion experienced some of the haughtiness of the staff/owners.  I'm going to be honest I have some friends who know and are friends with the owners, so for me to admit that is telling. However I think it may mostly just be the result of someone having a stressful/bad day.  I'm not saying it's an excuse especially considering the prices here, but everyone has a bad day!  The wine selection here is good, but the Saki selection is bar none the most fabulous thing here.  Don't get me wrong the sushi is to die for and probably some of the freshest I've had in Charlotte, but the Saki mmmhmmm the Saki!! They are well stocked with amazing hand picked selections. The staff is knowledgeable and always ready to lend a helping hand in your choices as well.  Overall I suggest trying this place it puts cowfish to shame and I kind of like cowfish on occasion haha.  It really is my favorite sushi place in town, and I'd truly give it 4 1/2 Stars, high prices and all.
4	Me and my bf tried this place for Valentine's. Being new to Charlotte from SoCal means we are definitely spoiled with the best food, specially when it comes to sushi. We tried Ru San's not long and it was eh ok.  The service was great. Here we ordered: Gyoza, Crispy Bagel Roll, Crazy Tuna Roll,  Firecracker Roll and the simple Tuna Roll. All of them were pretty good. I love any roll with tuna, and the tuna tasted fresh. The Firecracker Roll  and Tuna Roll were my favorite.  We are used  to more spicy and  full of flavor rolls, we are yet to find a roll like that in Charlotte. But, non the less we'll be back at Yama to try other rolls.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte. Hands down. Slightly expensive, but really good. Seem a bit understaffed, but just expect a little longer wait going in.
1	Rude, Rude, Rude that is all I can say about the management staff of Yama Asian Fusion.  Make sure that if you have a desire to eat and not get kicked out DO NOT ask questions.  My party of 8 was asked to leave over a corkage fee question....pathetic.  One member of our group simply asked about the fee and were told to leave.  NUTS!! There are plenty of restaurants that will treat customers with respect don't waste your time at Yama Asian Fusion.In response to Yama Asian Fusion's:  The only person who was rude was the manager. No one in our group raised there voice or said anything out of line.  The manager was rude from the moment he came to the table.  We never even requested to see him.  All we did was ask the server a simple question in regards to the corkage fee and what it was we had seen on the Web.  He immediately got belligerent refused us service and told us to leave.  He came to the table in attack mode never wanted to hear what we had to say.  He was rude and there was no excuse for that.
3	I like to fancy myself as a sushi connoisseur (I love all things sushi). I could eat sushi probably four times a week. Good thing my friends are also sushi lovers (except for one, who tolerates our love as long as hibachi or other cooked meat is available).We had a spur of the moment post work sushi dinner last week and found ourselves at Yama. There were a steady stream of customers for a Wednesday (we were happy there was no wait, because cowfish down the street had an hour and a half wait on a Wednesday, see below). However, it took the hostess about 15 minutes to put a table together for a party of 5, which should not have been such a difficult task.Once seated, our waiter was prompt and took our drink orders (I decided to skip the $10 cocktails and go for a glass of wine). The drinks are on the pricey side. For dinner, I had miso soup and the crazy tuna roll. The miso soup was solid, tons of tofu and scallions, which I love. However, my roll was just ok. I think it's because the inside of the roll was seared tuna, then topped with raw. I thought the seared tuna inside was weird. I tried my friend's h&m roll and an eel roll, and both of those were good.Overall, the outing was fun (as dinners with friends are) but Yama was ok. The rolls are a bit overpriced, our server was not at the top of his game and it was not the best sushi ever. Next time Ill probably stick to my old faithful (spicy tuna roll) rather than a specialty roll, but you don't learn until you try!
1	We went to Yama because of a friend recommendation via a conversation how I love sushi and that I have been to more sushi restaurants than any other specialty places. Some of the best sushi places are in CA and NYC. As for Charlotte, Yama is eh, not the best (still searching....hahaha). Atmosphere is what draws patrons to restaurants in Charlotte not food quality it seems, sorry. The drinks here are overpriced. I think $13 and up are too steep even for top shelf. The menu prices were high as well when taking into account the size of the sushi pieces and rolls. Otherwise, you feel like you only had appetizers when you paid for dinner! I gave them 1 star only because the waitress was very nice as in "new at her job so she is being very cordial" cause she didn't seem too confident. Very disappointed.
4	Fantastic sushi place, but it also has a good selection of hibachi dishes. If I had to recommend one roll, it would probably be the Morrison - delicious! It's admittedly pretty expensive, but still one of my favorite sushi places. Probably the best in Charlotte.
4	Yama prepares my favorite sushi in Charlotte. I eat there often--sometimes with friends for dinner and often lunch by myself. The service is almost always good, and it's nice to have a place where I'm recognized by some of the staff members.Sushi is always fresh and tasty.Dishes I order often:Avocado rollSalmon rollMagic Roll (off-menu)Rainbow rollSurf clam nigiriSeaweed saladGyozaEdamameHot house sakeSalad with ginger dressingI knock off a star for atmosphere. The lighting in the restaurant is hideous. I feel like I'm in a gymnasium. The decor was done very nicely, but they ruined it with the lighting. The result is a cold feeling environment not conducive to lingering, romantic, relaxing dinners. Also, the bathroom door to the ladies' room is out of whack and slams very loudly. If you're unlucky enough to sit directly across from the restrooms (which is quite unlucky to start), you'll be serenaded by the constant, startling BAM every few minutes. My recommendation is to sit outside when the weather is nice. It's much better out there.
4	So many people have insisted that this is the best sushi spot in Charlotte. I don't know. I didn't dislike it, but I think that I fell victim to it being overhyped. It's always better to go somewhere when the bar is set reasonably high and not too high. I enjoyed my rolls since I'm rather easy to please, but I didn't leave feeling as though I had a life-changing experience.now onto the menu and food...I like the menu. I noticed that they have a lot to choose from. We had some gyoza and edamame. For the rolls, we had the tempura roll, lobster and spider roll. They were all pretty good.The service and prices were fine. My wife and I actually really liked the look of the dining room too. Nice place.Overall I'd recommend it, but I am quite reluctant to even suggest that it's the best of anything. But it's pretty good and I enjoyed it. If I could, I'd probably give it a 3.5 stars, but 4 will suffice. And since I only ate here once I'd definitely give it another chance.
5	I came here with my aunt and cousins from Raleigh. The staff was super friendly. Their rolls were fresh and delicious, a great place to take friends or family. My little cousins loved their grilled chicken/steak items. The menu appeals to everyone's taste.
4	Admittedly I have not branched out much since its so close to me.  But everything I have ever gotten here has been great.  I love the cucumber cups and crunchy roll.
2	Service was good, but the food was really bland. I had 2 sushi rolls and my husband had the chicken and steak hibachi. The sushi rolls didn't have much flavor and the hibachi was extremely bland. Almost as d they didn't season anything before putting it on the plate. We have had better Japanese food and probably won't be back to this place. Our waitress was friendly and pleasant.
5	The sushi here is delicious and the service is wonderful! I got the Rock n' Roll and it was incredible! Also try the Tempura Banana which comes with some delicious homemade cherry ice cream!
2	Eh...After reading all the stellar reviews, I was swayed me to eat at Yama Asian Fusion. The service was very good and the location was perfect, but the food was nothing special. Someone else reviewed that the food was bland, and I couldn't agree more. The rolls were slathered in loads of avocado that covered up all flavor. They were also drowning in aioli sauces.  I love sushi, eat it at almost any city I'm in, like Charlotte, and I've certainly has much much better. Don't waste the time, money or taste buds.
4	For the money, you won't find better sushi and the quality that you'll find here. The only thing from keeping it short of 5 stars in the atmosphere, it's nice and contemporary but if it was more energetic and a bit larger I'd eat there 3 times a week. But like I said, if you want sushi and don't want to blow a bundle this is your place!
3	All this time I always thought my metric for judging how good a sushi restaurant was the quality of the fish, or the taste of the rolls. I apparently was wrong. I first heard about Yama when it opened and was told I needed to try it out. I was surprised that the rave reviews were gushing because the environment was very clinical and cold. What's worse is that it had an overwhelming smell of bleach. Unfortunately, no matter how good a piece of sashimi is, if my nostrils are being filled with chemicals, I'm not going to be able to enjoy it. Don't get me wrong- I appreciate that they take sanitation seriously! But ever since then, I have enjoyed my rolls and sashimi consistently, but the smell kills it for me and just doesn't put it at the top of my regular rotation. I need to remember to go in summer months and eat outside and my problem would be cured! Their edamame is often over boiled and not seasoned enough and I had a friend who got an entree they thought was fine but not amazing.  Bottom line: If you're in the Southpark area and have a hankering for sushi, it's a good place if you don't have a sensitive nose or can sit outside.
1	We walked in, sat down and then walked right out. Not family friendly as YELP and other sites suggest. Don't bring the kids!
4	After discovering there was a two hour wait at the nearby cowfish burger sushi, we decided to try Yama asian fusion. What a delightful surprise! Great regional wine selection, and very fresh amazing sushi. We particularly liked the crunchy roll and the rainbow roll.  Our only complaint was that our server lost the plot towards the end of our meal, and our dessert took 20 minutes to show up.
2	Sushi was very average. Ordered the snow roll and crazy tuna roll, both bland and rice tasted stale. Companion had hibachi which came out cold. Also ordered avocado sashimi, which hilariously was a sliced avocado w dipping sauce. Why even offer this? Hostess was rude, and waiter was incompetent (though pleasant), such as asking us if we wanted dessert when we hadn't even finished eating our main course. Would not bother to visit again.
2	I've been told by a few people that this is the best sushi in Charlotte.  After eating there, I have to say, Best Sushi in Charlotte is a pretty hard argument to make. I ordered a miso soup, house salad, Firecracker Roll, and a Volcano Roll.  Below are my thoughts on each.Miso Soup:  Watery.  Very little flavor with mini tofu pieces.House salad:  Dressing was good, but the lettuce was brown and tomatoes were not yet ripe.Volcano Roll:  Menu said it had lava sauce on top.  i guess my image of lava sauce is a deep red chili paste sauce.  Their version was some type of congealed slop with a sweet (rather than spicy) taste with waaaayyyy to much tossed on top of the roll.  Gross.Firecracker Roll:  The best of the night.  The sauce was redder and thinner than what was on the volcano roll and was more in line with what I would think of as lava sauce.  Still, the tempura breading was pretty thick and was too overpowering for the tuna. Finally, service was friendly, but I sat at the sushi bar.  There were no chairs at the center of the bar with a wooden panel that could easily hold the sushi going out.  However, this held the stand to put the tickets on when servers picked them up.  The sushi was placed directly in front of the patrons sitting at the bar, so I spent most of the night with servers hanging over me either waiting for the orders, or picking up the orders...directly in front of me.
2	The food was great when they 1st opened. They may have changed chefs and the quality of the food has declined. Rubbery chicken, tough steak &  cold atmosphere.
5	Oh my gosh!! I've probably been to all the top sushi restaurants in this area an by far this is THE BEST I've ever been too! Why haven't I found this place earlier! If you want some quality sushi this is definitely the place to go. Ru Sans used to be my go to sushi restaurant but now I would have to say I'm moving over. Yamas is my new go to sushi restaurant. My family is definitely coming again and I'm definitely bringing my friends here. The owner is very friendly and the servers are amazing as well. My family ordered a lot of the specialty sashimi and wow it just melts in your mouth. If you want to have really good sushi come here. It may be pricy but it's pricy because the quality. I still can't get over how delicious it was. This restaurants quality went way over the quality I got at Ru Sans, and Ru Sans was pretty good quality. I'm most definitely coming here again!**UpdateLet me restate just a little bit, don't get me wrong this place is amazing but it's amazing for the sashimi. If you're looking for rolls don't come here looking for something and disappointed this place is for people that have experience eating sushi and want something exotic because Yama's has selections other place do not have. I come here for sashimi and Ru San's for rolls.
4	I was very satisfied and impressed with this sushi. The rolls were a good size and fresh , service was OK but food made up for it. Went with coworkers for business lunch and had a delicious glass of wine as well.
5	I do say five. Charlotte doesn't have great sushi but they do have great prices. This place has both. You don't have to hide the quality with rice. Great sashimi! Not to mention the saki selection. Several filtered and unfiltered, low end - high end, whatever. Worth the drive from the city completely.
2	My boyfriend and I love to try different sushi restaurants so we checked on yelp and yama was given four stars. So we went in on a Wednesday night and the interior of the restaurant was bamboo and dark color theme. The hostess sat beside the sushi bar and near the backroom where everything should be stored. It made my boyfriend angry that there was a lot of tables empty in a nicer area of yama. So we sat down and started to look at the menu and ordered two special rolls and habachi chicken. The salad was okay and the miso soup was clearly tasted and almost looked like water. The habachi was very salty and the two rolls we order looked the exact same thing. chopped tuna on top and crunchy bits scattered on top. very disappointing since they both had almost every ingredient  inside. Yama gets two stars because the service was up to par. We will not be coming back!
4	This place was amazing! I can't wait till I come back to Charlotte to try them again. The atmosphere was very relaxing  and the staff was friendly and fast.
5	The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  The lighting is dim but you can see the menu, each other, and what's going on around you.  Perfect.  Service came swiftly and with a smile. Our waitress was well informed and listened intently when taking the order.  We sat at the sushi bar and overheard her instructing the chef preparing our order.  The special (forgot the name) was recommended and was fabulous, as was the Boston Roll (spicy salmon topped with seared tuna, scallion and masago). We didn't have too much of an appetite so this hit the spot.  Of course, since we were so tired, we went for a slice of the chocolate cake (see photo) to boost our energy levels.  It was served on the cool side, but was rich and yummy for sharing.  It's a good thing because I assure you I would have eaten the entire slice!  The wine I selected for the evening was an even bigger surprise.  McManus Petite Syrah - it did not dissappoint!
3	Great food. The avocado roll was amazing, hibachi steak, hibachi shrimp and scallops were amazing. Again great food but, you may ask why a 3/5? Well for one thing a hibachi dinner for four doesn't cost $80 and, the hibachi unlike most hibachi) is grilled not at the table rather in the kitchen. Needs improving but is getting there and the service is great. Still a uhh place to eat, like I said, great food.
5	Best sushi in Charlotte hands down
1	I wish I could give no stars for this place. To preface my review, my wife and I dress casually, we are both significantly tattooed, and we sat on the patio and started by saying "we are going to start with drinks" and we never saw our server again. We got two beers and never saw the server again. We were considering getting something to eat or a bottle if sake, especially because we live across the street, our address is one off from the restaurant. I work at a restaurant and my guests are important to me, on or off work, my wife used to work at a sushi restaurant down the street. We are most forgiving when it comes to servers, having been servers before. The worst thing was that I asked to speak to a manager when we didn't see our server for 20 minutes and we told him that we felt discriminated against and he said I will be right back and he never came back. I guess to get good service here my wife would have to bleach her hair and I need to put on a pair of khakis to be taken care of. Thanks, but no thanks.
5	I just moved from California so I am very particular about my sushi. Yama passed the test and was as delicious as back home.Nice, classy ambiance with trendy decor. You can tell a lot about a sushi restaurant by how it is decorated. The staff was friendly and the chefs were having a good time, which I also believe to be a good sign.I ordered the yellowtail sushi, a spicy tuna handroll and a seared tuna-type roll. Oh my. Everything was incredibly fresh and on point. I had been craving sushi for literally weeks and Yama hit the spot. I am so happy that I found a great sushi place in my new city.
5	Try their fried calamari as appetizer and Boston roll for rolls. Also try their sushi. They seem to do a great job on raw rolls or sushi. Cannot guarantee their fried rolls. Service is good!
4	Delicious sushi, friendly and prompt service, and a great location. The fish is tasty, but I love the sweet potato roll - perfectly done!
5	SOOOOOOO good! Especially the pink lady roll. The lunch special is an amazing deal for $13: 3 6-piece maki rolls, miso soup, a salad, and 2 little dumplings. The service is always amazing and the fish is always fresh.
4	We came here last Saturday night to celebrate my friend's birthday.  We made reservations and were sat promptly upon our arrival.  We ordered drinks and a variety of sushi rolls.  Everything came out in a timely manner.  Overall, service was very good.  The rolls were well made, the fish tasted fresh and the rice tasted very good.  What more can I say?  Service was very good, food looked great and everything was delicious.  I finished the meal with an order of Uni (sea urchin) and was very satisfied with that as well.  Next time I'm back in Charlotte I will be bugging my friend to take me back!
3	The fact that this place is averaging 4-stars tells you how sorely Charlotte is lacking a really good sushi place. This one was the second highest rated in South Park. Cowfish (which serves burgers too - yes, I ) was #1. Yama...sushi was good...not great...not bad. The prices rival a high-end sushi restaurant and it's anything but. The service was poor and I was in on a Sunday night and they were not busy at all. Example: Ordered the first time: Nigiri sampler, substitute a different roll for the California Roll (the fact that they pair it with a California roll should tell you who they cater to) per the server's suggestion.....server comes back....we can't do that; my manager won't let us do that anymore. It was your suggestion...know your business. I go a la carte on the nigiri....order...server comes back and tells me they are out of the snapper. Ok..just double up my yellowtail then. Server comes back (third time)...we are out of the tuna you wanted. I look at server and say.."man, you guys are on a roll (no pun intended) tonight." Salad comes....$4.50...wasn't very good..half fresh lettuce. Sushi..again, not bad but for $58 total (and I had a water), it should be great with great service. This place has neither. I'm amazed that in a metro of 2.5M people, this is a 4-star sushi place. Unfortunate.
4	First time here. Surprised at how nice it was given the typical strip mall exterior. In keeping this one short.we got the Tuna wrapped in Cucumber, the "Paul's Roll" (NO not named after me - I wish) and the Crispy Bagel Roll. The Paul's roll was very creamy with fresh tuna, cream cheese and avocado. There was NO crunch at all in it, which is OK. But the Bagel Roll was unusual in that there was NO bread or "bagel" component to it at all. I believe the roll was oh so lightly breaded then flash fried to give it the TEXTURE of a crispy bagel. Well it worked! Loved this roll!Our service was fantastic and overall this was an excellent experience. However, as you've all heard me say, NOTHING beats Sushi Guru for Sushi ROLLS!
4	Service was good. We had party of 8, but the waiter did a good job.Food wasn't anything special. I had the hibachi steak and scallops. Scallops were a good size and well cooked. My steak was a little overcooked; I asked for medium rare and got closer to medium, but this normally happens when I get Hibachi. Nothing too special here.I tasted someone's udon noodle dish and the noodles and sauce were pretty good.I'm not a sushi fan, but a few of my friends got the sushi said it was pretty good.I'm giving it a 3.5 based on my own meal and experience, but raising it to a 4 b/c my friends thought the sushi was really good.
5	Pretty good food, great service we had sushi and hibachi, food comes out fast, the appearance was pleasing, the food was aromatic.   The atmosphere is pleasant, decent music I believe soft Spanish guitar most of our visit, the people were decent, nice layout to manage noise.  In a great part of the city.  Plenty of parking.
