4	Very limited menu, too limited in fact and not cheap either but read on ....The large terrace with its seating area and the fireplace makes it a very comfy place to hang out and dine and the red headed waitress was funny and made us feel at home. We started with Jerk spices chicken wings, not bad but but I have NEVER had jerk that was spicy AND sweet too. I get the feeling that a lot of the dishes are "different" in Charlotte. The steak sandwich for $12 was a bit steep but the ribeye steak in it was absolutely prime. My companion had a house salad, not bad but there's not much you can say about that. Aside from that it's all burgers and steaks and they are down to only four choices as sides. Like I said limited. They have a huge selection of domestic micro brews but very little imported. I had a Jameson (Irish whiskey) straight up and it was a fair dose. I left the place feeling that life is good, hence the four stars.
4	Went here back in the summer and enjoyed it. We had a great waitress and they were cool when I wanted to send my wings back for some extra crispiness.  They have a great patio, one side has tables and the other has couches with a large fireplace.  One wall of windows also opens up like a garage door to get that outdoor feeling. My only complaint was the music in the bar area was so loud, you couldnt hear your date or the waitress.
5	This place is awesome. The burgers are great, the steaks are amazing and the beer lineup is great. CB7 sauce is quite tasty as well. The prices are much lower than you would expect them to be for the quality of the product. CharBar has exceptional service with very personable wait staff. One of the coolest things is the sweet front patio where there is a wood burning fireplace and many fans to extend the outdoor dining season in both directions. There are huge, comfortable couches around the fireplace.Also they've got a huge garage door for a front wall that can be opened on good days for an outdoor experience. I'd go back tomorrow
2	Wife and I found this to be just OK minus.  Nothing special.  More of a 2.5 star, but more 2 than three.  More of a drinking place than an eating place.  Very nice patio and very roomy inside.  Great for groupsWe had ribeye steaks, which though cooked as we ordered could have come from your local chain supermarket.  And were they SALTY!  Must be the way they get flavor in their so-so meat.Cassidy was our wait person and she was really good, friendly and helpful in how to order the sides we wanted to try and split so as to fit into the "comes with" price.  Baked potato was also SALTY as I ate the skin...big mistake and I really felt queezy with all the salt from the meat and the potato.  Asparagus was grilled, which was good, but a skimpy portion of those skinny things.  House salad was not so good because we ordered the balsamic vinaigrette dressing which was very heavy and powerfulThey do not make their own dressings and it showed.Beer was good.  Prices were far too high for the quality of what is served.Not a place we will return to, even though it is very convenient to where we stay.  Too bad.
5	Great outdoor patio!  We love to relax on the cushy sofas and watch the roaring fire in the beautiful stone fireplace.Generous pours!Staff is always friendly and good service.Favorite appetizer is the trio of dips.  Choose from several delicious dips with chips.
3	Great french dip...a lot of bread but very fresh bread...only reason for average rating is price seems to be about 25% high for a bar bar...I get they are going for an upscale neighborhood pub deal...but I had a french dip and 4 cocktails and came out with an $80 bill with tip
5	Char Bar No. 7 could very well be poised to steal the "Best Burger in Charlotte" crown from The Liberty.I felt the need for a burger, and wanted to try somewhere new, so CB7 is what was decided.  I was skeptical of the hokey name - and the steer antlers on the wall - but was quite surprised by the quality this place is putting out.As others have said, they do have a very elegant patio, which you walk through to get to the restaurant proper.  Wrought iron tables on one side, couches and a huge stone fireplace on the other.  Inside has more of the traditional western bar feel: dark wood, "aged" wall decor, and plenty of cowboy-type things.  The bar area is pretty big (and pretty noisy), and there is also a dining room as well.We started with the appetizer of the night, a charred portabello mushroom. It had that great smoky, open flame quality that surprisingly did not overpower the delicate, mellow flavor of the mushroom. Everything meshed well with the tomato, feta, and arugula that came with it.  My burger was perfectly cooked, with a warm pink interior and loads of juicy flavor, just how I prefer it. A rich, toasted bun helped solidify the sandwich, and my particular burger (there are plenty to choose from) came loaded with lettuce, tomato, onion, and fried pickles.  Yes, fried pickles - could it get any better?  Indeed it can! There is a great selection of NC beers to wash it down with.Our server was spot-on, and the service manager personally followed up with every table.Seeing as how I only had one of their many burger options, I think it's safe to say I'll be back to sample through the rest of the menu.
5	I'm giving Char Bar No. 7 5 stars, because not only is it good eats, someone needs to offset J.H., who apparently believes that a suburban restaurant's lack of valet parking is some great crime.  Seriously? Just walk to the front door; it's like twenty feet.Anyways, Char Bar is in the running for the best burger in Charlotte, in my opinion.  They have some creative combinations, the meat is cooked just right, and--hallelujah--the burgers don't fall apart when you pick them up.  I'm looking at you, Bad (Big) Daddy's.  There's also an amazing patio.  I can't wait until it's warmer so we can enjoy it.I recommend the Carolina Blue burger to start. There's nothing like chili and slaw on a burger.  Also, get the sweet potato tots as your side.  They're dang tasty.
3	All this talk of best burger in town had me salivating, I had to give that a try. Well it may be the best but not for someone who likes red meat: the barmaid said medium well or medium only. Ok, so I ordered the rib-eye sandwich one more time. The meat was plentiful for a sandwich and very tender too. Being able to chose a pretty good mushroom risotto as the side was a bit of a treat so all's good ... ...with the exception that after having spent 6 months in Charlotte $14 for a steak sandwich seems kind of expensive. Plus I didn't get to try their burger cooked how *I* like it. Almost forgot this : their "first things first" drink special doesn't for allow any substitutions . Could you please leave out the Koolaid ?.... " No, that's the way they come"   m'kay.
4	I've been eating at Char Bar regularly for lunch for a few months now. Same ownership group as Hickory Tavern. Extensive menu with many great options from salads to burgers to favorites like french dip and fish sandwiches. My favorites are the side though...mushroom risotto and sweet potato tots always do the trick depending on the entree selection. Service is great, and if it's a nice day outside, be sure to check out the patio area.
5	Five stars for service alone!  Our waitress was right there when we needed her and invisible when we didn't.  First time here so menu was overwhelming.  Finishing off a $2.00 Miller Lite cleared the mind and palate.  All burgers are $7.00 on Mon nite and hubster really enjoyed his naked burger - think he secretly just liked ordering it by name -  I ordered sirloin salad and was good - not the best I have ever had - needed more "green" in it for me rather than white iceberg.  But sirloin was med rare as ordered and quite tender.  Fried pickles were the bomb!  Left little room for dessert and that was a bad decision.  Red velvet cake our waitress brought around for us to drool over had my name all over it - but maybe next time and there will definitely be a next time.
4	Good food.. Good Women... Good beer... Great place
4	Char Bar is everything a neighborhood hangout ought to be. It's handy, beside the post office on Carmel just north of 51. You feel welcomed -- we were immediately greeted and seated by the guys who picked up my wife (chair and all) and scooted her closer to the table and then brought over another chair so she could prop up her bum leg.You eat well -- our food was hot, prompt and plentiful. Rita's Quesadillas were prepared just the way she specified . . . and enough to take home for another meal. My hamburger was de - lishus! and I actually finished off the whole thing. I can put this place in the running for the best burger in Charlotte.The after work crowd had not yet arrived, so there was plenty of room on the patio so we could enjoy a beautiful summer day in the high 70s.But there's got to be a thorn among the roses -- right? It's the chairs. Char Bar needs to put steel sliders on the feet of the wrought iron chairs. They scrape screeching painfully every time someone gets up or down. Other than that one fault, they were very comfortable. with big, thick seat cushions.I'll give this one four stars and come back often.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at my Char Bar No 7 experience. I'm not a huge fan of the food at  the Hickory Tavern so wasn't too excited to try this reinvented venue previously a Hickory Tavern. Walking up to the entrance I noticed a substantial outside seating area with a great relaxed feel. I could definitely see hanging out with a group of people when the weather gets a bit cooler. The interior has a warm lake house feel with lots of tv visibility. My buddy and I were there for a late lunch so the restaurant was almost empty. I was most impressed with the service. Our server was fantastic. He really knew the menu well and recommend the Southwestern Burger. It was spicy and cooked to perfection. I don't eat beef often so this was a welcome treat and I'm glad that it actually met up to how the waiter had talked the burger up. He recommend getting the onion rings & that was on target as well. Fresh, made from scratch in the restaurant and they sure tasted that way. Great food, great service and a comfortable atmosphere. Looking forward to trying out the new location closer to home off of Weddington & McKee Rd!
4	Great cocktails. I agree with others...really LOUD chairs when moved around on the outside patio!!
3	I've been driving past this place to and from work for what seems forever - finally stopped in for the first time last night.The sheltered nature of the outdoor patio made it comfortable to sit outside even on a cool night.  (I won't be redundant about the wrought iron chairs!)Place was busy on a Wednesday night - always a good sign - with a lot of what appeared to be office work attire on the patrons.Bad first omen - no draught beer!!  Seriously, are you even allowed to call yourself a bar if you only serve bottled beer?  Or perhaps this place is trying to stand out from all the rest serving the micro-brew de jour on tap?  So the beer is a definite opportunity for improvement.The food on the other hand was plentiful, tasty and satisfying.  The fried pickles were a bit too spicy for my companion but I thought they were great.  Burgers are not as good as The Liberty but they aren't as pricey either.  Overall, nice value for price paid.By the time we'd finished our meal, space had opened up on the comfy sofa nearest the fireplace.  Gas log I believe but with the wood stacked on either side, you could convince yourself it's real.  So one more drink, fabulous company, good conversation on the patio near the fireplace - and I was late getting home!Our server said they are opening another location in Weddington.Maybe draught beer at this location - please????
3	Everything was great except the NY Strip. Overlooked for one.. But bland, unmarked, nothing special... No manager visit after server said she would notify one. Solid concept and execution. Grill thermometers and attentive management recommended.
3	My wife flew in late that evening and we were looking for some where that was open and could sit down to eat. Char Bar 7 is open til midnight during the week. This place didn't catch me as a "final destination" type of place but rather a "it's getting late. What's open that's not fast food" type of place. I thought the burger was decent but my wife thought the seasoning on the fries were the best part. Like I said, I'd come back, but won't make a special trip in deciding what we want for dinner.
4	Good find..bottled beer only but good menu.  Had a burger and the salmon both were very good.  Nice big screen TV and a nice covered outdoor seating area.
4	We stopped in here for lunch while in the area doing some serious retail therapy.  I had done a quick Yelp search and Char Bar No 7 seemed like the perfect place for a decent, quick lunch.  The menu was pretty large, with burgers being the star and plenty of ways to customize their burgers.  I got the Classic burger but made it a turkey burger for only $1 more.  The options for sides were fries, tater tots, or onion rings.  Anyone who knows me knows I'm a sucker for a breaded and fried onion, so I went with the rings.  My sister got the sweet potato tater tots, and I kind of wish I had looked at the menu more to see they were an option.The turkey burger itself was cooked perfectly and was plenty juicy and flavorful.  I asked the waitress if they were made in house.  She said they weren't but that they add an in-house seasoning blend to the outside of it before they cook it.  She also said that the turkey burger is what she gets for lunch every day and it was easy to see why.  The onion rings were a let down, though.  They were scrawny, thin onion slices with a breading that was a bit too peppery for my tastes.  I'm also super picky when it comes to onion rings, so maybe that's just my issue. Even though we weren't there to watch any football games, it was nice how they had the helmets of the teams playing underneath the TV so you could easily see which games are on which screens.  The service was really quick and we were back on the road to shop some more in no time.  For what we were looking for, Char Bar definitely delivered.
3	I've been passing by this place for a long time and have always noticed it out of the corner of my eye whilst on my way to Southpark. It's an interesting little location that kind of juts out of the strip of businesses. True to the bar n' grill scene, Char Bar 7 is a good location in a pinch. Ample bar seating in this place. There is a larger dining room, but we decided to have dinner in the lounge. The service was friendly. Nothing above and beyond. Most of the younger servers seemed a little inconvenienced to be there, but hey, it was a Saturday night. Started with the pretzels and they were just right. I like the addition of parmesan to the top and not just razor-sharp salt crystals. The cheese dip was nice and stood out from many others I've had as of late. Not the standard American cheese or beer cheese. This was made from, what tasted like, white cheddar or white American with nice pimiento and pepper chunks. Really dig the flavor these had. I'd order these again. I ordered the Leap Year. Burger, bacon, cheese, and a fried egg. Got the bleu cheese slaw on the side. Neither were amazing by any stretch but had a nice touch. If you order a burger without a bun, it is served on a piping hot castiron skillet. Seriously...watch out for that stuff. It was hotter than Hades. I almost scorched my mouth with the first bite. The burger tasted just fine and I ate about half of the slaw. My wife ordered the mushroom risotto on the side of her veg burger. It was nice, but just like other risottos. Creamy, heavy, and a nice filler. Major downside is the lacking draught beer. This place would be a 4 in my book if they had some locals on draught being switched out on the regular. I ordered the John Daly cocktail and it was great. Sweet tea vodka, lemonade, and a few other mixers. Nice, but too fruity and a longshot from a beer to work with my burger. I will say that the patio is amazing. SO nice for the winter time. They have a cozy lounge with a fireplace and couches, completely enclosed and heated. Take that, cold air! I'd love to come back and just chill on the patio with some pretzels and another John Daly!3.5 for sure. Cheers!
5	Great music, burgers, drinks and cozy. Good for a first date  great little place, can't wait to try it again.
4	Place was cute and quaint.  Southwestern Salad is amazing.  Highly recommended!  Service was very good as well.  I'll be returning for sure!
3	Good burgers and not cooked how you want but still taste good and good drinks at a decent price. Beware it's not a place meant for young people
3	Have been here 10+ times and like it.  Highly recommend the wings on wing night (which I think is Wednesday now) and most of the burgers are great.  Beware the spcials - they can be a trifle inconsistent - sometimes great, sometimes meh (meatloaf burger = judgment error).  The sides are great - tots, always good, onion rings, very solid, great burger sauce.  Fun spot, generally speaking all good.
1	My first visit tonight will be my last. Took over an hour to get a table that had been promised to be ready at 8 PM when we called to confirm at 7:30 PM for a party of 12. We didn't get seated until more than an hour passed and when seated no one came over to take drink orders. I had to go find someone for a waitress. The food took more than 30 minutes to arrive and by now it's past 9:30 PM and half the restaurant is empty. The manager came to table to apologize for the amateur service and she said she'd comp some meals or at least parts of the meals. NO SUCH COMPS WERE GIVEN and an 18% gratuity was added to all checks. I've visited many restaurants in Charlotte in 24 years of living here but this is among the top 10 worst experiences I've ever had. My impression is that no one on the staff really cared what happened to us and the manager's attitude pretty much cemented that view.
4	(5/26/13)  We keep passing this place but never tried it. Our server is Taylor.  The half order of nachos I ordered was nothing spectacular. It was good bar food but little else. I had read Ben's review while waiting for the appetizer to appear. I was hoping that there would be an improvement.I ordered a bomber sandwich with onion rings for my meal. My wife ordered a dozen teriyaki wings. She was happy with her meal. I was actually surprised by mine. I wasn't expecting anything more than average, but the meal exceeded expectations.The first thing I noticed about the bomber was that the bread seemed off in some way. I seemed as though it was falling apart & that the bottom of the sandwich was on top. I flipped the sandwich over & discovered that it was breaded with two giant pretzels! Very unique! The shaved ribeye was very good & though the sandwich was the messiest thing I'd ever eaten I thought it was very good.The onion rings looked like they had a lot of breading but it was deceptive. When I took a bite out of one I discovered that the onion ring inside was doubled up. They were very tasty too. I finished the meal off with a slice of Creamsicle cheesecake. It was very good. The flavors were not overwhelming. We both had sweet tea & our server Taylor always made sure that we had plenty to drink. We will return.
2	The food is average, nothing spectacular.  Service was horrible, our waitress was too busy talking to her boyfriend to notice that we had been waiting for our check over 15 minutes, which, by the way, was brought by another waitress.  Probably won't go back.
3	We were looking for a new place to get a burger in Charlotte. We both got burgers and ordered them medium with tater tots. The burgers came out well-done. It didn't bother me much, I just noticed. I assumed with it's name, the burgers would be spot on. The tater tots were heavily salted and basically tasted like thick potato chips. My first thought was to give this 2 stars, but something did stand out. This might be a great place to come and watch the game. Plenty of TVs. A big open patio complete with couches. If you are looking for a place to get a beer and watch a game with a group while also getting decent food, this may be your place in South Charlotte. We may be back come football season.
4	I am somewhere between an A-OK and a Yay! I'm a fan on this, but because my wait service was excellent, I'll round up. Located off of Carmel Rd, close to Hwy 51, in a strip center with a Post Office, this restaurant has been several things throughout the years, but has been Char Bar No 7 for quite some time now.  I turn left onto 51 off of Carmel at night coming from work (nightmare), so I usually get a few minutes to think "hm, I really should try that place".  On a Tuesday night at 5:30, there was a scant crowd on the inside, but their lovely patio was full.   Several tables and chairs, along with sofas and an outdoor fireplace, I was very impressed with their patio (you walk through this area to get into the restaurant).  Inside is a bar area with high top tables are to your left, to your right is a typical seating area.  Dark wood flooring, dark walls with antlers (bleh), some animal hides (bleh) and other decorations of the type line the walls.  I was promptly greeted by a friendly hostess and I could tell they weren't busy because most of the staff was clotted around the POS system towards the front leaning/talking.  I am not sure why that is a peeve of mine, as I don't know what else they would be doing if not busy, but it makes me anxious when I see staff on the floor in a group.  Once I was seated I realized they may have been hiding from a gentleman that had set up office at one of the tables who was hitting on any member of the staff with girl parts.  *eye roll* My waiter, Kelly, was fantastic.  I asked questions about some of the dishes, along with suggestions, and he was forthcoming and had some direction for me instead of "ummm, well everything is good".  My drink was kept full at all times and he was attentive without hovering.  The food:1/2 order of pretzels (2 normal size standard pretzels), served with queso ($4):  Very good!  The pretzels were warm and buttery, sprinkled with a scant amount of pretzel salt and a light parmesan cheese.  They were tasty on their own, but paired with the white queso, they were delicious.Smokehouse Burger ($9.75) w/ tater tots -  I asked for medium and another 30 seconds of cooking and it would have been well, but it was close enough.  The burger was juicy and well flavored, lettuce fresh, onion straws were fine, cheese was cheesy, I don't know what CB7 sauce is, but it was fine too.  The tots were slightly crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, though a little on the other side of how salty I would have liked them to be.  Double Decker Strawberry Shortcake cake to go (from Queen City Pastry, I have had this exact dessert at other restaurants) ($6ish?) - in a nice to-go container, it survived the 30 minute drive home (Rea Rd traffic *shakes fist angrily*!).  Layers of cheesecake, short cake, strawberry jam, and strawberry mousse, with a strawberry glaze.  It was light dessert and tasted fine.The food was a 3.5 - I would go again out of convenience, but I wouldn't go out of my way or make this a top choice.
3	This place would be much better with larger portions and better drink specials. I don't consider $3.50 a 'special' on a domestic beer.The wings are pretty good. I think wings are .60 cents on Wednesday night - that would be more reasonable than their regular price. Char 7 burger was pretty good but at $10 it is also pretty pricey for what you get. I will probably go back here because it is convenient for me but I won't recommend it as it just isn't that special and prices are higher than most similar places.
2	On my second visit to Char, we are dropping 2 stars off.  From the reviews I see that them cooking the hell out of beef seems to be standard. For the second time my burger was overcooked - not slightly this time, but way overcooked.  If you are unable by law or unwilling to cook a burger to medium, just fess up and I'll order chicken.  My order of a brisket burger ($12), which I asked for medium, came out as well and dry.  Dry, tasteless.  The onions were undercooked.  The tater tots as a side were fine. Service was again excellent and we sat out on the patio which had a nice breeze and made for easy conversation.  But the service and amenities don't make up for the apparent consistently overcooking of beef.  Pass.
3	Went here for the first time with a friend for lunch and we sat on the patio, which was nice even though humid outside.  I ordered the chicken tender salad and the honey mustard dressing was YUMMY!  My friend ordered a burger and it looked delicious.  Service was great, so overall, it was a good lunch!  I live too far to come here regularly and it wasn't super impressive for a drive, but it was nice to try!
3	To be fair I ate at cowfish the night before and had the best damn cheeseburger of my life so I figured I would try one here. If the cook would have had the temp and pink throughout I think it may have been a tie. I got a medium which turned out to be close to well. Tator tots and margaritas saved the day. If they look into a burger chef they would win.
4	Great bartenders
3	Both times I've been here have had fairly underwhelming experiences. The food is something similar to a TGI Fridays or Chili's, in my opinion.The pretzel app is pretty satisfying, however.Service is good. We recently were there for lunch and a very sweet girl took care of us.I do like the patio and would opt to dine alfresco when possible.Overall, it's just not my beat. But when a working lunch is in order, I do prefer it to the Panera close by.
4	This is one of my favorite local neighborhood spots. They have an awesome patio (small, but very cozy with a fire place and great couch seating.  Lots of TVs inside, so great for watching games. The "Twisted Cucumber" drink with Skinny Girl Cucumber Vodka, gin, lime, mint = deliciousness!!!
4	Great spot to watch football! GO Panthers! Went for the game, they had good drink specials and I like how the app menu has a small and large size. We ordered the wings which were decent.. menu is typical bar food and somewhat similar to hickory tavern.
5	The bf and I live by Char Bar and visit here often (a few times a months) and not just because of proximity but because we absolutely love it. From the food to the service it's become our favorite place in the area.Food- We've tried a variety of things off the menu and have been beyond satisfied and pleased with it all. The only thing that didn't wow my mouth was the turkey burger, it wasn't bad per say but if you're going to get a burger get the real meat deal!! The CB7, Charleston, Southwestern, Leap Year and Cali burger are all fantastic. The pretzel appetizer is the best pretzel app around. All of their sides are phenomenal too.Drink-They have good daily drink (and food) specials and a decent selection of craft beers. Their signature cocktails are hands down some of the tastiest I've had. I usually get the John Daily (sweet tea vodka and lemonade) or the cucumber mint cocktail made with vodka and gin! Ambiance- I love, love, LOVE the outdoor patio (covered and heated in the winter). It is like being an a gigantic outdoor living room. The fact that they have multiple games showing on the many tv's is awesome, it is our go to place for Sunday football. The bathrooms are always clean and it's a good home away from home when a cocktail is needed or i want a burger.Service- Hands down a huge reason we keep coming back. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and even if there is a mess up (which doesn't happen often) you won't even care cause they take such good care of you here. Derek is our favorite, he is just the biggest sweetheart like even if he isn't our server, you can't not be in a good mood when he is around cause he just is so positive and upbeat. Brianna is another favorite!
5	Dining at Char Bar No.7 will not disappoint you. They have an excellent patio for every season of the year. They have good drink specials to the craft burger of the week. I love dining at Char Bar No.7 because the food is always good and the servers are always friendly.
5	A coworker and I were just looking for a place to grab a beer and watch the start of March madness. We were pleasantly surprised as neither of us had been to Char Bar 7 before. This place has a great vibe with great food. The wings are tasty and my burger was delicious. Good looking crowd on this particular Thursday night, too. I'll be back for sure.
4	Hot, well-cooked burgers.  Love them tater tots. Nice selection of beers.
5	Love this place for lunch and a good IPA beer, where they know about beer.  Salmon salad was great  - "build your own salad" with whatever u like - friendly and helpfulService.
5	Have been to Char Bar many time. Great little secret. Food is great. Extensive menu, Attentive service. One of my favorite spots.
4	This is a good place to get a drink. Food is pretty good, too, although I can't say I've tried much on their menu. I love the outdoor patio, very comfortable seating & a nice ambiance. We like to come here to relax after work.
4	A good place for a drink and a steak. Atmosphere was nice. Not too crowded when I was there. We sat in the bar area at a high top. Friend pickles were good. Steak was excellent. Mashed potatoes and asparagus also good.
4	Went to Char bar for the first time this week.  It was delicious! We started with fried pickles that were irresistible. I had the southwestern burger and my boyfriend had the NY strip. Both were excellent. You can tell they don't use cheapy meat in their burgers. I also had one of their signature cocktails (a couple of them actually) which were tasty but not weak. Definitely two thumbs up :) the food beat all expectations. Bravo!
2	This place used to be our favorite place to go. But for months the service/food has gotten progressively worse. Not to mention the music they play on the weekends makes you want to run out the door. Sad to see a place with great food (when it opened) and a great location go down hill so fast.
1	Terrible.  Came to watch the Panthers game with my daughter and after a drunk woman took our seats, I was told I was in the wrong.  A " manager" Tony Donnelson came out to our section and yelled at us when everyone on the patio witnessed what happened.  He was unprofessional and acted like a bouncer not a manager.  He saw he was making my daughter cry and continued to confront us until I suggested to speak inside.  At this point I took my crying daughter and left.  Didn't receive any apology or even told who I was speaking to.  I had to request information to speak to a GM and was given the store number.  Never have I been treated this way and my daughter is still upset.  Tony Donnelson should be ashamed of himself!
3	Steaks above average.  Salads okay.  Burgers are great! Wings used to be great but has tapered off, very inconsistent now. Avoid fish and chips or should I say chips and chips - very small slivers of battered fish and very thin round fries. Not a one time experience mind you.  Left the place hungry for the second time. Come on! If you can't afford to sell a normal entree of cod for $13.50 don't sell the item at all! Please don't rip people off.
5	Great place the specials are fantastic, ask for Roy he'll make your experience exceptional
5	I feel terrible because I wrote a bad review of the service 7 lo ago and came in today, and to quote the LEGO movie "everything is awesome!!"Build a salmon salad, the best and service fabulous.  Trying to delete the former review BUT a yelp is undergoing repairs and plus I can't find the review. On my yelp site to delete.  Come here it s great and I work nearby so a new hang out for me.
1	So I have waited tables for quite some time and like I said in my note that I left for the waitress, this has to be one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. A server came to greet us, got us drinks and got our appetizer in. Things were fine up to that point. Someone else brought our appetizer out, it was delicious. Then it took forever for us to get drink refills, I had to ask the hostess. We still had to wait for drink refills after this, but ok. Then, after a very long time our food finally came out. It was cold. The server/bartender never came to ask us how things were, and pretty much tossed the box on the table that I asked for. The tip I gave was generous considering how awful the experience was. I was advised not to go there, I should have listened. Won't ever go back.
