4	Tried a new broasted chicken spot in Vegas. Besides the usual fried chicken spots across the nation, Z Chicken is broasted, which is essentially fried chicken under pressure. In my opinion, this yields a better fried chicken than your standard deep fryer. I ordered the 8 piece combo that included 4 biscuits and two side orders. The sides I got were mac and cheese and potato wedges. These side orders and the biscuits were similar to what you find at other fried chicken places, nothing to rave about. However, the chicken was the best I've had out here! Crunchy outside with tender, moist and flavorful chicken beneath the crunchy battered skin. The gentleman that took my order was polite and friendly. What I liked most was that my order did not come from a heat lamp and made long before I got there. Every order is made to order, not oil drenched chicken like the national chains. Although this was my first time there, it will not be the last.
4	I'm a new fan of broasted chicken, and Z chicken is a good spot to get it. I had a combo with mac and cheese, potato wedges, and biscuits. Everything was good, but the chicken is the star. Somehow, the broasting process kept my chicken hot during the entire meal. I also liked that the flavor seemed to be locked into the actual chicken meat instead of the outer skin like at other chicken places that always seem overly greasy. Next time I'm trying the hot wings cuz it seems like the process is perfect for that. Service was good too. I was helped by Dave, the owner, and he was super friendly while the chicken was cooking. I'll be back.
5	I don't usually write reviews but today I decided this place was worth one :)    I just got the 12 piece chicken meal for the family and I have to say, it was delicious!Chicken was crispy, not greasy at all, coleslaw was awesome. Kids loved the mac and cheese and biscuits ( I don't eat them ) but they said it was great. Also got an order of he butterfly shrimp which was delicious.  Definitely worth going back for!
5	Just got a 4 piece meal and just love the chicken.  Best chicken I have had in Las Vegas since I moved here in 1980, hands down.  i will be a regular customer.  The fries, biscuits and cole slaw were also great.  Lucky for me this place is a short drive from my home.
5	A good broasted chicken spot was sorely needed in Las Vegas and now we have one...a great one! The chicken is made fresh- takes about 10 minutes- but well worth the wait! It has a crispy skin, hot and juicy on the inside, but not greasy at all. The crinkle cut fries as well as the sweet potato fries are the bomb! The food is awesome, the prices are very reasonable, and this is now a weekly lunch place for us! You must check this place out!!!
1	So I walked into this place to try and eat lunch around 1:30 without to much success. When I walked in there was 1 person in the place and he was actually just breaking some chicken at the time. So I'm like ok it's a hole in the wall it's fine I can wait a min. So I ask where do I order from to let him know I was wanting to order something. Proceeded to say it's my 1st time in. He says " there is a menu in the front" These were actually the last words that were spoken between us. After he washed his hands I expected to have my order taken but I guess this guy had better things to do than actually sell something. So I wait like 10 minutes playing with my phone and finally I'd had enough and just walked back out the door and went to Twin Peeks and got a burger. I guess I won't be back here anytime soon thanks a lot Z Chicken. I really think the guy just wanted me to leave he didn't even say a word as I walked out I don't think Z chicken is gonna make it with service like this
4	Excellent chicken!  Cooked to order. It is deep fried AND pressure cooked simultaneously.  This system makes the chicken crispy and juicy without the grease. Reasonable prices.  Very simple restaurant setup.  Minimal decor. Very friendly,  really clean. Looks like a hole-in-the-wall....those style restaurants usually have the best food...I'm just saying
5	This place is awesome.  Just got done with my first visit here.  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was amazing especially the chicken and coleslaw.
4	This place is solely dedicated to serving up broasted chicken and one of the very few places that is authorized to sell genuine Broaster's Chicken! Good news for me since I became of a fan of broasted chicken when I first tried it in Boulder City six months ago.Chicken is moist and juicy, skin is thin crispy coating. All pieces are fried up fresh,  not from a frozen state to a perfect golden brown. Not burnt. I detect the chicken skin is mildly seasoned with garlic and salt. The chicken meat seems like it's brined because the flavors goes down right down to the bone. Hardly any grease unlike fried chicken. It means less fat, less calories and less carbs because the broasted method uses a pressure fryer (not bros roasting chicken) which seals the juices within the coating of the chicken. Chicken is Fricken good! I ended up ordering another meal to take home.They sell individual chicken pieces ranging from 2 - 24 pieces, meal deals that come with biscuits and sides. Some of the sides offered are fries, coleslaw and a very generous portion of mac n cheese.Prices are budget friendly. Well at least for me it was. I got the 2pc chicken deal with mac n cheese with free can of soda, cost me a whopping $6! Dining area is simple just a few tables. Food prep area was immaculate. It's a one man operation. Owner is a nice guy!  He is the one multi tasking with taking and making your order.  Just remember now, chicken is made to order and is timed and takes a total of 15 minutes to make. So call ahead if you are in a rush. I prefer to dine in. Chicken skin is crispier. Because once it's packaged to go, it loses some  crisp from the steam trapped in the box.Find Z Chicken in the same lot where Regal Colonnade, Juns Korean. Right behind Lemongrass Cafe. You cant miss it right off Eastern and Pebble.  Bigger fan because of this convenient location.   Glad I saw Lon L.'s review and he mentioned broasted chicken in the first paragraph.
5	4.5 for me. Let me just say that the chicken is absolutely delicious. Juicy, non greasy, and crispy. Biscuits were light and fluffy and the potato wedges were moist and not bricks. YOU GUYS ARE ALL SLEEPING ON THIS PLACE. You need to go and just try the chicken because it is fighting roscoe's chicken for first place. They lost half a star because I did not prefer their Mac and cheese.
3	This is the first time I've ever had broasted chicken and it tasted alright.The chicken itself was very tender, juicy, and the skin was crispy. The only problem I had was that the chicken is not seasoned at all. I would love to come back here again, but I would really hope that the chicken had some flavour in it. It just seems like the chicken is breaded and then 'broasted' and then served. Not being seasoned once.The man running the operation is a very nice guy, he talked to me while he was preparing the chicken (which is cooked to order) and overall his restaurant is very clean. A little too clean though, when I went inside the restaurant I got an overwhelming scent of bleach. Not that it affects the food, but if I had decided to stay and dine in the restaurant it would've become bothersome. Anyway, if the food was just seasoned at all, this place would be a hit and a much better option than KFC or Popeyes.
5	Love love love their chicken. Not greasy at all and cooked to perfection. Even the sides are delicious!!! Potato salad, wedges, etc.... I will definitely be back!
4	Ok, 1st time and it Will Not be the last, the chicken was as I remembered(years ago) amazingly delicious. The okra needed a bit more crunch as they make in the old south but still ok; the biscuits were light, flakey and Good. We Will Go Back... GOOD STUFF, give it a taste test yourself, if you like chicken, you'll like Z CHICKEN.
5	Best fried chicken ever? Nope. But really really good fried chicken. Similar to Roscoes but at like half the price. We got a 4 piece, 2 side combo for 9 bucks. Super moist chicken, crispy, thinly breaded, super crispy skin. Cole slaw is made in-house and really tasty as well. Potato salad was average. Owner is straight shooting dude, highly recommend you try this place if you're near this part of town.
5	Seriously the best fried (broasted) chicken I've ever had!!! So delicious! Chicken is not greasy yet has more flavor than any other fried chicken I've had. The Mac n Cheese is perfect! Also the biscuit are little pillowy clouds of goodness. This is a very quaint little mom and pop type business, type of place that I'd probably just pass by without noticing. I'm glad my friend recommended it to me because it was worth the drive. I would definitely suggest calling ahead because they make the chicken fresh to order so it can take awhile. But I'm telling you it is worth the wait. Can't wait to come back and try it again!! And again! And again!!
5	We were not sure where to eat but were craving fried chicken. Asked Google for the best in Las Vegas and viola ;) We went there and the chicken is broasted and unbelievable. Mac and cheese was scrumptious but they were out of the secret Chicago Cole slaw :/Highly recommended and is now a go to place.
1	Didn't even get to try the food, we had a horrible greeting ( none). I asked the guy with big ass glasses , do we order and sit down or what the process was? Rude response and the lady on the phone was no help! Maybe I'll try the call in and pick up ! Customer service is key to a restaurant success , oh and did I mention there was not one other person in the dining room !! Good food or not you have a few things to learn before you get my business!
5	We have called ahead and carried out twice in one week, and have not been disappointed.  Chicken is amazing, juicy on the inside, and not greasy on the outside.  Potato salad and and coleslaw are very good, Mac and cheese is ok- needs a little more flavor.  I hope this place makes it though, we haven't seen too many other customers there.
2	After reading all the great reviews I was excited to try this place.  Unfortunately Z chicken was a let down.  The Pros:  The Chicken was very juicy and was not over fried.  The Mac and cheese was also decent.  It is for those two reasons that I gave them at least 2 starsThe cons:Service- The man working the counter was less then friendly and seemed almost bothered by us ordering. Food-The only compliment I can give the chicken is that it was juicy.  The oil the chicken was fried in was old and needed changed, as the chicken tasted like burnt oil.   The coating on the chicken was in serious need of seasoning.   After the first bite I was done. Overall it was not good fried chicken.  The okra was fried well but also in serious need of seasoning, mainly some salt.  The biscuits were dry and had no flakiness to them. They tasted like they had been frozen and then thawed out.
3	Fantastic chicken, but I predict the place will soon be out of business.Z-chicken is one of the few places in the west that offers the trademarked Broasted Chicken, which is different than standard fried chicken in many ways.  The chicken sold here is moist and juicy, and the amount of meat on their 2 piece chicken is probably about the same as any competitors 3 piece offering and costs a little less than one of the other  Broaster Chicken places in the area.I can't say that there's anything wrong with the food, except as at least one other person noted a little spice in the recipe could make the flavor outstanding.The bad part is that I think the place will probably go out of business soon.  The menu on the web is outdated and prices are slightly higher.  A 2 piece meal is $4.99 on the menu shown on the web, in the restaurant it's $5.99... but when I went in last night I was told they don't offer the 2 piece meal anymore, so the smallest meal you can get is 4 pieces at $9.99Once again, their chicken pieces are bigger than the competitors so it's probably more equivalent to a 5 or even 6 piece meal at other places, but I don't think that many people have such an appetite to order something that large.  The Village Pub right down the street offers a similar fried chicken meal that's just as good for a buck less, too.There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to make a customer WANT to walk in.  The storefront only has a sign that say's "Z-Chicken" (not at eye/street level either).  There's nothing else to draw people in, not even a mention of "Broasted, no 'specials',  and the restaurant is a little too sterile... to the point of appearing that it's not even open (even when it is).Great food... aweful marketing.  It now seems as though the owner is trying to make the place fail. The owner seems like a nice enough guy, but he needs to understand that a successful food business doesn't consist of just making good food.
1	Go somewhere else. Rude owners , they acted like I was a bother when I tried to order, then they didn't have what was on the menu. The interior was very boring, nothing like an inviting place to sit down and have a meal. Never going there again. Food was minimal in flavor. Big disappointment
3	update:A Chicken is now closed.All of the furniture and fixtures are gone, and a legal notice from the landlord is displayed in the window.
1	Closed. Sign on door said they are locked out.
1	Just like predicted, Business is closed
