2	My daughter visited this location early last fall for a case of strep throat.  The wait wasn't long, and the physician's assistant was helpful.  The problem lies with the desk receptionist.  Because my daughter had no insurance at the time, the receptionist asked if she would like to sign up for NextCare.Advantage  to cover her for future visits.  My daughter responded that she would begin health coverage in January through the Affordable Care Act Marketplace.  The receptionist responded that my daughter should then sign up for NextCare's three-month rather than annual plan, indicating that the three months would cover her until the end of 2013.   My daughter said "yes," signed the form and paid the full three months in advance.  Imagine our surprise when she learned in January that NextCare used her debit information to begin monthly billing for 2014.   She called NextCare corporate and was told that the "fine print" states  it has the right to continue billing unless the consumer calls to cancel after the initial three months.  My daughter emphasized that the receptionist had given her a choice between a 3-month and 12-month plan.  When my daughter stated she would be starting regular health insurance in January, the receptionist said, "OK, so you just want the three-month plan."  When my daughter called corporate, they refused to credit back the additional charge for January.  So patients using NextCare need to read the fine print, even if you're so sick you just want to get home and not read anything.  The process clearly was misrepresented.  The receptionist never said that you need to call to cancel after three months.   We're not sure if the receptionist herself was unaware that this is the case or if trainees are instructed by corporate not to disclose verbally what's in the fine print.  Although the January charge only cost my daughter an extra $30 or so, it's the principle.  Just think how much extra revenue corporate Nextcare would take in if this happens to thousands of people across the country.
5	Great service at this location. I was seen right away and even received a follow up call after my visit to see how I was doing. Would recommend to anyone.
1	Terrible experience. I must say that the wait time was minimal but the professionalism of the providers, especially the patient tech (Short middle aged woman with dirty blonde hair and glasses) left something to be desired. Being a care provider myself, I hold myself as well as other care providers to a high standard of professionalism. I came in to this urgent care for common cold symptoms with hopes to receive some antibiotics. The tech that brought me back for vitals (the same one mentioned earlier) was very rude and impersonal. When the physician assistant told me he was going to have the aforementioned patient tech swab for the flu I wasn't surprised. The surprising part was that she barged in with the swab, DEMANDED that I tilt my head back and rest it against the wall behind me, and shoved the swab so far up my nose that I could feel it in the back of my throat which was EXTREMELY uncomfortable. Standard protocol for performing such a procedure at the very MINIMUM requires that the provider explains the procedure so you aren't completely surprised when they jam an over sized q-tip up your nose. I've never felt so disrespected in a medical setting nor have I ever felt that I was totally incoveniencing an entire staff by being ill. I will NEVER come back to a Next Care urgent care and I will do everything in my power to let my friends and family know about the lack of professionalism that is tolerated at this establishment.
