4	Pistol Pete you sure are a pistol. Like the promos on the radio, where they have recorded listeners piping in their enthusiasm for 92.7, "I AM ENERGY!!!!" And yes, I AM ENERGY TOO! Even in my fourth decade I love techno and dance music. Ann Murray and Sade can only do so much for ya. But remixes of Pet Shop Boys, current hits by Rhianna and other house music is what I listen to. And Mr. Pete himself. A delight. I know there are other DJ's, but I've met Pistol Pete at various functions and he really is totally energetic. And a charmer. Only complaint is the semi bad reception. Wassup with that? So, if the Coyote station has you asleep. Or classic rock is just too much. And hip hop is well, it's hip hop. Tune in to 92.7 and jam and dance in your car. Until you get that weird stare from the grandma in the Impala..."Hey, you're driving an Impala".
3	It's great that Phoenix has an upbeat station devoted to energy and beats that make you want to move. I just wish that they had a better rotation. I hear songs repeat way too often. On top of that, I do find the morning and afternoon show hosts to be very annoying. Something about their voices just grates on my nerves. With that said, though, I can over look the talking part of the station, so long as the music part is up to par. Occasionally it is. I really like their late night variety and airtime for the likes of Van Burren and Oakenfold. Energy Radio, though? Well, they're not lying. It's just a bit too mainstream at times, remixing Spears and Bedingfield  when all I really want to hear is some Tiesto or Glaude. In conclusion, I hear mostly vocal house and party trance on this station. It's great to listen to while you're driving down the highway. But if I were at home, at work or anywhere else but in my car, I wouldn't listen to this station. I'd prefer the company of my own playlists that lean more towards what you'll hear at a club in San Francisco or New York - including beats and grooves by DJ Behrouz, Van Dyk, Scooter & Lavelle, DJ Dan and Jon Bishop.Over all, 3 stars for effort with definite room for improvement.
4	Here's why Energy gets four stars:* It's one of only a handful of Dance radio stations left in the U.S.  Phoenix bests LA, Chicago, Dallas and New York on this front.  Rawr!!  They lost their dance stations years ago.* The broadcast area goes clear up to Sedona and Flagstaff on 106 point something if you ever drive up north, you will find Energy to be the only half-decent station up that way.I rediscovered Energy on a drive to Flagstaff a few weeks ago, and have been hooked on the station since then. It's weird to me, because I like to hate those "types*" who listen to Energy and nothing else and they do tend to play a lot of the same house and club anthems from way-back-when to now - but that's the beauty of it too. * I think I just offended half of my friends.  I hope they are not reading.
3	I miss Energy! I miss the dance music. I'm not a total dance music fanatic, but it's great to listen to once in a while to get you going. This was one station that was different from the rest on the dial. It was a break from the same, but now it is one of the same. So long Energy radio.
5	Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww yeah, bitches. Old Skool Hip Hop in the house!FucktotheYes. Thank you for the good music.Word.
1	What? Squeeze me? Are you serious? More hip hop? No 80s dance music. I'm going to crawl into a cave with my Depeche Mode t shirt, my glow sticks and poppers. It's just not fair damnit! Pistol Pete? You lil pistol. I better hear that raspy Richard Simmons voice sometime soon. Or. Or. Or I'll start listening to some heinous classic rock while wearing acid washed jeans and moccasins.
5	From ashy to classy.
3	101.1 The Beat is one of the Hip-Hop stations on my preset list.  I'm not a fan of all of the new Hip-Hop that's out there, so when I pop on to this station it's a 50/50 chance that I'll stay on it.  If there's a track that I like, I'll stay and listen until something comes on that I don't like.I don't listen to as much Hip-Hop as I used to when I was younger, but there's some good stuff out there now.  New stuff is mostly uncreative and boring, but every once in a while, you hear something good.Return Factor - 50%
