4	You're giving a Pseudo-Mexican fast food joint FOUR STARS??  Are you nuts ?  Well, I'm actually giving them 3.5 stars but there's no option for a half-star.People always ask me that same question every time I drag them alllll the way out to Blue Diamond just for the Crisp Rolled Burritos when there's a Taco Bell just down the street from me.The grub at this spot really is THAT good though (for deep-fried fast food)  Their 1/4lb crisp tacos are just way better than Taco Bell or Del Taco in my opinion, but my true favorites are the rolled crisp chicken burritos.   Imagine chicken in Alfredo sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and deep fried until the tortilla is crispy and flaky, but the chicken is not all dried out (Mind you, it's not really Alfredo Sauce, I think, but it's just what the sauce reminds me of).  It's really hard to explain but it's just such good grub!The only reason it doesn't get a full 4 stars from me if the fact that it's in a grubby travel station that reeks of smoke and travel station funk, so I could never enjoy my meal in comfort fresh out the fryer and always end up eating it on the road.
4	Dude, I fucking LOVE this place.  I used to go to the one on Decatur/Lake Mead yearsss ago.  They finally put one on my side of town (Summerlin) only for it to close like 6 months later.  I single handedly tried to keep this place open, dammit.  Their stuffed Mexi Fries and Crisp Meat Burritos are the shit and awesome for hangovers.  I almost cried when they closed.  Sad day in Kato Land.  :(
1	This place sucks.  Food is fine for fast food, kinda pointlessly pricey, the cook there was an asshole and the cashier wasn't much better.  I was the only person they had to help and they made it seem like I was really cutting into their day of leaning on the counter talking.
4	Yummy crispy burritos! It is like a giant ground beef taquito. I was introduced to these by my BF since he's from Seattle and they have Taco Times everywhere there. I was skeptical at first, but it's good fast food. Since the one in LA closed a few years back this is our closest option. We always buy a bunch when we are leaving Vegas and bring them back home. I wish there was one closer...
4	Stopped by after a quick trip to Bass Pro and ordered a ton of food to take to our hotel. First timer and I like it. We ordered 20 of the meat tacos and several street tacos. The street tacos ain't as good as the taco trucks in Hawaii but it was delicious. The workers here were pleasant. I'd return!
4	This place makes the best fried burrito. I got the combo with the pinto bean burrito and the mexi fries (tater tots). My sister had the crispy beef and her husband the tacos which were all excellent. Try it!
3	Growing up in Seattle, Taco Time was a normal stop for me and my family. Since moving to LA, and now living in Vegas, I was only too happy to discover this childhood favorite right here in sin city. Now whether you are a first timer or a regular here, there are things that you need to know. First of all, there are two different versions of Taco Time. This one here in this review and the original that is abundant in Washington (also known as Taco Time Pacific Northwest). I call any Taco Time outside of the Pacific Northwest an "Express Taco Time" because they don't have the complete menu and most importantly, the hot sauce is in packets! In Washington, they make the hot sauce made fresh from scratch!The good thing is that the main items that they are known for are readily available. My most favorite item is their crisp burritos which come in chicken, pinto bean, and the best of them all, beef. Allow me to describe it. Seasoned ground beef rolled up in a flower tortilla and deep fried to a golden brown. Kinda looks like a large taquito only way better! Damn, my mouth is watering right now just typing this! Get that in a combo with mexi-fries (basically tater tots) and a drink, you're all set! Dipping these items in their hot salsa is the cherry on top! Occasionally I have one of their tacos, soft burritos and taco salads, which is not bad either. Those choices are up to you. To me, the crisp beef burritos have no equal.I gave them 3 stars because of their location and not so good service. It's in a food court in between Burger King and Subway. The food court itself is smack dab in the middle of a truck stop, which doesn't make it any more appealing. The service is below mediocre because you have one employee that handles everything from taking your order, to cooking, to calling you when it's done. So if you ever go to Seattle, make Taco Time as a part of your itinerary. For more info, go to their website: www.tacotime.com
5	The only Taco Time in Nevada (that I know of) and it's in the creepiest, grossest Truck stop I've ever seen... granted I've only seen the one truck stop. That said, Crisp Meat Burrito FTMFW!!!
4	What can I say?  It's the closest Taco Time to Dallas so we stop when we're in Vegas.  There is nothing like a Crisp Meat Burrito and Tots!
2	It's Taco Time. Yeah, right!.  Just letting you know right now, not my idea to come here.  But it was a co-workers time to pick lunch and he swears by this place. Why you ask? I even wanted to know.  Well, this is the only Taco Time in Las Vegas and he grew up on this stuff back in Utah. Big deal...now let me eat.  Nothing on the menu was appealing to me, both taste wise and calorie wise. I ended up pulling up the myfitnesspal app and found something decent.  I ended up getting their Crisp Chicken Burrito.  I know, their known for their burritos. I just didn't want to indulge knowing that a big dinner was within a few hours.  Their Crisp Chicken Burrito is basically a large deep fried taquito in my opinion.  Tasted okay, but that's about it. As for the ambiance...yeah right.  This Taco Time is located at a truck stop off Blue Diamond across from from the Silverton Casino/Hotel.  When you're in here, you almost forget you're in Las Vegas.  For a minute, I thought I was in Barstow or even Baker.  Service wasn't the best and they didn't even have forks.  Good gravy...I doubt I will stumble back in here.
1	Crappy food - crappier service.
3	Taco Time is kind of out of the way for most people. In fact the location being inside a truck stop kinda ruins its availability and attractiveness to the stable patron of a fast food restaurant, the family.My GF loves this franchise and explains every time we drive by how she grew up eating at one on the west coast.We stopped by a few months ago and the food and service was your typical fast food Mexican fare. Nothing there stood out as great and would cause me to desire or crave the dish I had.Last night the GF begged me to bring her a veggie burrito. I parked and went inside and was surprised to see how many smelly truckers there were. Had to be two or three truckers for every truck outside.Service was fairly quick my GF couldn't find the sunflower seeds in her veggie burrito but it didn't stop her from wolfing it down.I won't be coming here on my own (more Taco Johns than Taco Bell and I do live across from a taco shop and can walk there) I will be happy to drive down here the next time the GF gets the craving for home/childhood.
3	Nothing fancy.  It's located at a truck stop gas station.  I just had to have a Crisp Burrito. I love those things.
1	This place is so gross and the food is doesn't taste good. The guy took forever to make my food and left a mess on his prep table. If you want microwaved processed food then this is the place for you! I will not go there again.
4	Okay, I finally need to do a review. Basically I could just say "ditto" to nearly everyone else. But since I have stopped by at least 4 or 5 times now for my "fix", I will add my take on it.The Crisp Meat Burrito is all I need mention. ANYTIME is Crisp Meat Burrito time! It has the power to make my day and brings mouth watering delight with it's combination of juicy beef, whatever sauce is in it, and the crispy exterior. The Mexi Fries are also the same as in Seattle, but I can't count on anything else, so I just stick to the CMB. I think the Casita Burrito is probably different, and so is the Soft Taco. They don't even have a Soft Meat Burrito on the menu which makes me sad as that was my other favorite. I have no idea what was in that burrito/meat sauce (inside the burrito), but it was always simple, juicy, and delicious combined with shredded cheddar cheesiness, none of that nacho cheese crap. But I regress. Anyways. A hot fresh crispy meat burrito cannot be surpassed by any taquito or pale substitution. I get a side of sour cream and a side of ranch, and combined, it comes close to the "ranch sour cream" which is the only type they have in the NW area Taco Times. I get my first burrito, and then ask the server to drop the second in as I am finishing up the first. This keeps them both piping hot and in perfect crunchiness. This location truly sucks as it's a grungy truck stop across from the Silverton, but at least it is very close to the freeway. Unlike others,  service I have received every time has been very prompt and hospitable. The only reason for 4 stars is the lousy location and the highway robbery they are able to charge for a simple item. Usually, a crisp meat burrito was around maybe $2.75 or so? At this location, it is $3.65 and .89 for the sour cream. Oh well. I will return. Again and again and again.
3	Really miss Taco Time since they left Hawaii years and years ago.  The crispy burrito is still da bomb but costs over $3 a piece now.  Taco time still offers tater tots (calling them "Mexi Fries"), which I love later in the day as well as at breakfast time.  Nachos only ok - bigger than Taco Bell varieties but not really any tastier.  Self-serve, refillable soda fountain here so you can fill your cup up before venturing on to the Strip (or driving off to CA, whichever the case might be).
5	I LOVE Taco Time!!!! Best deep fried meat burritos and the hot sauce is excellent!!! Only wish there was a location close to me. Open more please!!!!
