4	This Home Depot is probably the closest one to my house.  Now granted, I am an apartment dweller, but I still need stuff from places like this from time to time.I had done a few trips here last summer when I moved into my place for hand tools, light bulbs, a sunshade, and a few other random dance moves that I needed to get through the insanity of moving.  Now that moving is long behind me, I just come here for the usual light bulbs or drano.I love this place becuase they have awesome hours, and are close to me.  I really have no complaints.  I actually came here for a face plate for an electical socket on my wall that broke.  It was a cheap plastic cover, and I decided to fix it myself.  Its easy enough, and there was really no reason to call apt maintainence for something like this.So I went, and they had a nice little selection of covers.  I just got the simple white one, and paid and left.  I found the service to be very helpful here, and would return in a heartbeat.  gotta love my depot!
4	Not a handy man at all, but Home Depot really steps in to ensure that I'm as knowledgeable as I will ever be while tackling the various tasks throughout my house.
4	While this Home Depot always has what I need, it's difficult to find help. And once you do get help, pray they know what they're talking about or where the item is you need. Recently I went with some friends who needed specific things. Well, since I go here often and knew where some of the things were that they needed, I took them right over to them. Next we walked around forever trying to find help. When we flagged someone down we were a little drained. He went to go ask someone where something is that we asked about and never came back. Uh hum... So luckily we grabbed this nice lady who asked if we'd been helped. (Finally) Pointed us in the direction to zip ties. Whoops, they aren't on that aisle. After two more people we still didn't get the right answer on what aisle the zip ties were on!! Too bad we needed a tarp too and they couldn't get us a straight answer of where that is either. At least they're nice about it when they're helping you. We spent over an hour in the store for maybe three things. If they have those "find items in store" computers, I must have missed them. They have everything you need, just getting to it or help for it's the problem.
5	I do a lot of purchasing here and with the trio of girls that routinely help make everything go smooth, there is never a time when things don't get worked out to make me feel valued as a customer.  I highly recommend using this location.
5	This is a nice Home Depot. It's exactly like the one at 90th & Shea in N Scottsdale. I'm not sure why I said that, but they're almost identical, except the garden center is on the RH side @ Riverview.Actually, everything is on the RH side here in Mesa. So don't try nothing funny.Interestingly- this store seems to capture shoppers from all different demographics.  Apparently, it is the only home improvement store around except for Lowes in S Scottsdale- so you get people that would normally not venture into Mesa, "slumming" at Home Depot. kinda funny.Other than that, it's a Home Depot.
5	Really friendly staff and everyone you talk to is knowledgeable even if it's "not their department" per se.  If they don't know, they will FIND you someone!  Really surpasses my long history of "search for an employee" Home Depot experiences in NY!
5	UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT! Change for the better is on the horizon...
4	Usually a good chance they will have what you need. Hey active service members & Vets don't forget to ask for a military appreciation 10% discount!!!
2	I've lived in the area for three years. Since the nearby Ace Hardware went out of business, this Home Depot is the only hardware store in the area. In those three years I have had to make multiple improvements to my house including redoing two bathrooms. One thing has been consistent though through all these years. This Home Depot has had terrible customer service. From getting snarky remarks from sales associates while trying to find things, to getting blank stares from "professionals" when asking technical questions. Every time I come in the most helpful person is generally the greeter. Once I get past him I'm generally on my own in the store. If I need help Google is a better source than asking an employee. The only reason this is a two instead of one star is because the brand in general is good and because every once in a while I do get some help.
1	I went in to Home Depot to price and buy an outside entry door. No no was in the door and window department. I waited for 30 minutes at their desk for someone to help me, and finally ended up wandering down different aisles looking for help. After talking to 2 other employees in different departments, I was directed to the pro desk, to be signed up for someone to come to my home and give me an estimate. I still had talked to no one in the door dept. I wrote a bad survey, and the manager called me a day later, and I thought my troubles were over. I was told on the 6th of November someone would call to make an appointment to come to my house, I waited until the 11th to hear from some one, and had still not heard anything, so I called the store, was put on hold, and finally talked to a very surly gentleman in the door dept, who said he would look into it.. I waited 2 days and the company finally called me who are coming out to give me an estimate. They said the best they could do was give me a window between 12 noon and 5 o clock for their estimator to be here. Very poor service from a company who is trying to beat out the service Lowes gives. I have been a vendor for both companies, and the service at this store, and even the general appearance, is of a store from the 80s. Not run well at all. very low score for customer service and cleanliness.
4	We were so happy when this HD opened up. My husband is a carpenter/contractor and is constantly running to Home Depot. He isn't always thrilled with the staff here, hard to find someone who can actually help and not just go to "find someone else", but overall good place.
5	Went to this home depot after being treated very poorly at the Power and Mckellips location.They were friendly and efficiant. Michelle was amazing! I bought some cabinets all different sizes and they told me it would be a little bit to get down cause two were in the middle of stuff. No problem, understandable. So I went shopping around, picked out a new ceiling fan for the room and a few other things. The associate that checked me out (Michelle) then called my cell phone to let me know my cabinets had made their way up to the front. WHAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! I didnt even ask her to do that! So nice of her!!! Then she checked me out for my additional stuff and I was on my way :)This store got my $500 that the store on Power and Mckellips apparently did not want.A++
4	staff here is helpful
2	Get the pro desk some help.  I wasted 2 hours of my life yesterday and six hours of one of my workers who I had to pay.  My best guess is there just understaffed but it doesn't seem like they know what's going on over there. Either way it just translates into problems for me.  It'll be awhile before I try to call over to their pro desk again.
4	I greatly prefer over Lowes for inventory and persnnel.Home Depot used to be a fun place to shop. Reason:great people in each department.  I am happy with all purchases. There are many positive aspects and unlike other giants they did push everyone out of business and then leave you with few choices.
2	they sold me a power drill RIGID a refurbished which actually was used and used heavily
5	At first it was hard to figure out the layout of the store because I'm use to all Home Depots being similar. But this location is clean and the staff friendly.
3	Reduced to 3*s. Spent 30 minutes alone after having same lack of attention at Lowes. I have left possibly 50 times and purchased elsewhere. What Home Depot will not be installing are new flooring, vanity, sink, faucet, tub, tub encloser, shower door, faucet, subflooring, drywall.  Guess I had on my "Shadow"invisible ring on?
