5	As a child, I remember taking day trips into SF (we lived in the suburbs) and during those trips, I would beg my parents to take me into the Hello Kitty store. Back in the day, SF had an entire store dedicated to Hello Kitty and it was as popular as the FAO Swartz next door. As I would walk into the two store store, the signature Hello Kitty smell would immediately welcome me and I would spend as much time as I was allowed to browsing through the endless aisles of notebooks, pencils, erasers, candy and other nick nacks. Well let me just say that it's been years since I thought about that store, until I walked into Kitty. Let me explain Kitty in one brief sentence for those of you in a hurry. Kitty caters to the audience of kids like myself who grew up loving the chotchkies found in a Hello Kitty store but this store sells chotchkies for adults. Let me digress. This store is overwhelming and filled from top to bottom with stuff: Adorable stuff. Visit this store if you need...- A fun coffee table book: they have everything from Channel and Prada books to travel and funky style books that are beautiful and perfect for display. - Cookbooks: You will find several girly cookbooks perfect for entertaining!- Candles: yummy smelling candles, candles for gifting, sassy candles. - Bridal gifts- Housewarming gifts - Retail therapy essentials: all those cute girly finds that instantly put you in a better mood without breaking the bank. - Houseware: the fun kind that adds a little flare to your typical kitchen. - Jewelery: stuff you won't find anywhere else- And I can't fail to mention that they do actually carry Hello Kitty items but not the cheesy stuff you find all around these days. Here they have Hello Kitty stuff that's more on the chic subtle side of the spectrum. - Condo decor: looking for that perfect addition to your niche? Chances are, you might find what you're looking for here! Just walk in prepared to be overtaken by a lot of items in a small area, but if you have the time to browse each and every nook and cranny, you'll discover some neat finds!
4	Kitty is a really cute Hello Kitty boutique in Scottsdale Quarter. This a store for adults and kids, alike. There is a wealth of Hello Kitty products with different styles and range from wallets, bags, piggy banks, accessories, stationary, and the list goes on. There are also non-Helly Kitty items such as candles, jewelry, candy, etc. I really love this store because the inventory changes every once in a while. The prices range from reasonable to ridiculous ($39 for a small, bedazzled Hello Kitty calculator????? Give me a break). Despite this, I have gotten some cute things for me and my daughter and always make a pitstop here when in the Quarter.
