4	Barbeque is in short supply around these parts and it's nice to see Food Fight trying yet another idea in this constantly changing location. As I don't live in the area, I made it a point to stuff myself silly with menu items. I went straight to the taco selection. Achiote Tilapia, Lemon Cilantro Shrimp, Crispy Buffalo Chicken, and BBQ Brisket Tacos all found their way into my mouth that day. That, in addition to a basket of fries and coleslaw.The tacos were all great. One of the difficulties with the tacos was trying to determine which of the four house barbeque sauces to pair them with since they were all perfectly tasty as prepared. I just used to the french fries to test the sauces. My only mild, but expected, disappointment was that none of the bbq sauce had any heat. However, I did once live in Madison and I know that most Sconnies have zero tolerance for capsaicin. Whereas, I like to add it to my eye drops in the morning.The fries were kind of boring and the coleslaw was a little too Carolina style for me, but that's not why I came in here. Next time, I'll head to the straight forward barbeque side of the menu and not look back. This place is a good change from the many, many previous options that this building has held.
1	They've changed the menu..Again! I guess the service is friendly but god help you if you show up when its busy. I won't be back.
2	I really wanted to give this place a better review, as I love the Food Fight establishments, so I'll try it again in the future and update then...12:30 on a Saturday, party of 3.  The Ranch is serving both lunch and brunch.  Lots of small children there, ages 3 and under, which could be a good or bad thing depending on your point of view.  They had crayons and whatnot for the kids.The menu consists of a lot of Tex-Mex flavors, and they've also ported some of their BBQ from the El Dorado Grill.  And like the El Dorado, they have one of the best selections of Tequila and Mezcal in town.  The lunch menu consists of tacos, burritos, enchiladas, etc. plus the BBQ.  The brunch menu has a lot of Tex-Mex egg dishes, as well as pancakes and french toast.We got our drinks ordered (a coke, a limeade, and a beer) after we sat down, and then waited 10 minutes for them.  The waitress apologized for the delay (without prompting and I appreciate that) and said that the bar was overwhelmed.  Of course, that also meant we had to wait longer than expected to order our food.  And when our drinks arrived, they showed up at another table first because the waitress had written down the wrong table number for the order.When our food finally arrived, we got to watch it go to another table's patrons for a couple of minutes before it got routed back to our table.  I don't know about you, but I'm not a huge fan of not being able to see what's being done to my food by other random people in the restaurant.I ordered the Chorizo Scrambler off the brunch menu, where the main course was eggs, chorizo, and poblano peppers.  The sides were refried beans, potatoes, flour tortillas, and sour cream.  Side note, the sour cream wasn't listed on the menu for this dish although it was listed on others.  That's a pet peeve of mine because you run the risk of giving a dish to someone where they're allergic to an ingredient (or in my case just don't like it) and you waste time and materials if you end up sending it back to the kitchen to make it again.  I just sucked it up and didn't say anything because I didn't want to be there for 90 minutes.The dish arrived cold on the outside and lukewarm in the center.  The Chorizo Scrambler had good flavor, but I can't say I'm a fan of cold eggs.  Again, I probably should have said something, but I was in a hurry and we were already there about 20 minutes longer than we should have been.  The beans were decent, but the potatoes were more of a softer buttered potato dish that I commonly have for dinner than the standard grilled and more firm "breakfast" potato that I'm used to.  They weren't bad, but I'm not sure that it fit the overall meal.The decor was kitschy, with cowboy and Texas themes, which was ok.  The servers wore cowboy shirts, just in case I didn't notice they were going for a theme.  And the cowboy/country music was pretty loud and became unbearable towards the end of the visit.  We hoped that either the staff could block it out, or really liked that kind of music.  If your tastes run that way, you'll love this place.My next visit I'll try to come when it's dead, because the service during a standard lunch service was much slower than it should have been.  I can't imagine how they keep up during a busy period.I hope this was just an anomaly, because I want this place to succeed.  Next time I'll stick to the BBQ and Tequila and see how I fare.
2	Not only do you have to pay for chips and salsa, but ours were WAY salty. And I like salt. The salsa was good, but I tasted it for the rest of the evening.I tried two tacos, the fried avocado and the carne asada. Neither made me desire to come back for more. My significant other tried the frito burrito, which easily could feed 3 people. Fried chicken, fritos and very un-authentic Mexican rice wrapped in a flour tortilla topped with guilty pleasure queso. It reminded me of taco bell on crack.I'd give it another try but won't be racing back.
4	I've been to Tex Tubb's before - like 2 yrs ago - and thought it was pretty good back then but never went back. I remember the brisket sandwich being good and the guacamole and chips, but not enough to keep me heading back. That said, we just recently received a gift card and thought we try it out again since we heard it changed names and menus. Being from San Antonio, TX - I immediately went for their brisket breakfast plate and enjoyed every mouth watering spoonful. I appreciated all the different sauces and used them all! My partner from Milwaukee loved her huevos rancheros, and our friends thought the pancakes were good because we think they use mexican vanilla. So overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely be back for sunday brunch. And because we will be back probably in the next week or so ~ I felt it deserved 4 stars!Facts: The sunday we went it was pretty empty so we received excellent service (obviously) and the food prices were average. The atmosphere reminds me a lot of Austin and home in general because it's colorful and spirited. The staff was energetic and having fun which I like.I recommend to other Tejanos or really anyone looking to try bar-b-que in Madison, WI ~ "it is about as close to home as you can get!"
4	Had a breakfast burrito on a Sunday afternoon and it was impressive - tender, flavorful carne asada with roasted tomatoes and jalapenos, scrambled eggs and just the right amount of cheese.  Everyone in our party of 6 liked their meals.  I was disappointed that they had no brisket - really wanted to try that.  Oh well.  Our server was excellent.  I'll be back.
4	Have gone here several times for sunday brunch. Had cactus eggs benedict which was really good.  Not busy at all, service has been surprisingly slow even with only having a few tables worth of people there or I would have given it 5 stars. Love foodfight inc. resturants (which this is) love love love them!
4	I was nervous about trying this place at first for lunch on a friday.  the friends i was visiting recommended this place b/c they lived right by here within walking distance.  when we walked in, it took quite a few minutes before anyone came out to seat us.  once seated everything became perfect.I started off with a frito pie b/c it was a local favorite and i can see why.  it was simple with a bag of fritos smothered in house made queso cheese sauce and chili and topped with this amazing corn salsa.  the flavor and spice was addictive.  for the main course i had the brisket sandwich with mac & cheese and texas fries.  the brisket and fries were average, but they had a variety of bbq sauces that definitely enhanced the flavor and taste of both dishes.  the mac and cheese was very impressive.  it had that perfect baked cheese on top mixed in with that spicy queso.  perfect combo for an excellent side dish addition.dont be fooled by the portion sizes, they look small at first, but i definitely left the meal completely full and satisfied.  the service was great, the restaurant was clean and our drinks were constantly filled.  try the prickle pear margarita and mojito, both were refreshing and hit the spot on a hot humid madison afternoon.
