3	I wanted to review this shop partly to give people top budgeting tip-bulk buy! As a girl with lots of unmanageable hair (and a general cosmetics fan!) i spend a fortune on hair products. This place is great because once I found my favourite stuff I go here and go lareg which saves me loads.This is one of the only shops in Edinburgh that has the full (and very, very beautiful!) range of OPI nailcare and nail varnishes. They have a massive rane of hair dyes so what I've done in the past is bought the stuff for a hairdresser friends to do instead of paying salon prices. NB I do not recommend this if a)you don't trust your friend or b)you don't have a friend who is qualified!!
3	Sally Hair supplies has a lot of variety, and sometimes I'll stop in for a browse if I get the urge to do something adventurous (but end up leaving with hair baubles because I chicken out).I don't really shop in here anymore but my mates used to swear by this chain when they were younger. In my late teens I had a real urge to dye my hair blonde and although Sally's came up with the goods (and my adventurous friends were egging me on to do it) again, I bottled out (pun intended - I'm sorry) and got it done at the hairdressers instead. I did buy pink dye from here once though, and it was good. It was bubblegum pink and lasted for a few washes, which pinks and red dyes are not famed for doing.It's got loads of intensive hairdressing supplies that professionals swear by. On a small scale, it's a bit reminiscent of a hairdressing cash and carry. There are some bargains to be found, but in some areas it can be pretty pricey as Fiona has highlighted.I tend to just get all my beauty supplies out of Boots but if I ever get the urge to go nuts with my hair again, Sally's will always be here. They also do a rocking range of vibrant nail polishes in wild colours, which I utilise on occasion.
3	Is your hair a mess? Or your nails are split? Who you gonna call? Sallys!Ok, I might be getting hair and beauty confused with ghosts and ghouls, but Sallys certainly has the same theme.If you have split ends, chipped nail varnish, a few rogue eyebrow hairs, any beauty problem needing a superhero fix, Sallys is a great one-stop shop.It has a lot of products you wont find elsewhere. It's a little bit pricier, but man are the products good. With my curly locks I have spent many a pretty penny in here trying to find the right products. This branch isn't the biggest I've visited, although it has a fairly good selection. The shop assistant was friendly, helped me find a mousse for my curls. I think I've just been to bigger Sallys that had far more products for me to drool over / spend my pretty pennies on.
