2	They do good nails, but I am not a fan of having to wait when I have an appointment scheduled and watch new customers take a turn in front of me because they think I will keep coming back. Typical visit for pedicure and fill was 3 - 4 hours. I don't have that kind of time on my hands and don't appreciate the disrespect.
4	My first experience was great! Clean, friendly, and the salon itself is a nice atmosphere. I will be back!
5	Holy happy toes, Batman!Well, the selfish side of me wanted to skip this review, as the last thing I need is for my new favorite nail place to be packed, but, I can't not share such a wonderful shop!Based on the other yelp reviews, I dropped in today for a walk-in pedi.  Holly was my nail tech, and she is amazing.  The entire staff was friendly, without being intrusive and over-bearing.First off, the chairs.  Brand new, with really good massage options.  NO broken buttons like you find at some worn out shops.Secondly, when Holly came to do my nails, she opened in front of me a brand new, sterilized package of instruments.  This was after I saw another tech scrub out the basin after another customer else left.  Needless to say, this place is CLEAN.Holly did an incredible job.  I have had hundreds of pedi's in my life, and bar none- this was the best.  No one ever spent so much time scrubbing and beautifying my feet.  She was meticulous, and didn't rush.  Also, my nails were cut evenly.  You ladies know how annoying it is when you get your toes done and the nails are at different lengths.  NOT HERE.  :)Oh, and when the time came for the leg massage, Holly went to fetch an individually-sized bowl of, get this, WARM lotion.  I never even got this spending $75 for a spa pedi at Elizabeth Arden in Manhattan.  In fact, I've never seen it done.  But boy, was that nice!Polish job was great, too.  And I always get a big toe design, and this didn't disappoint either.  Extremely artistic.  All the girls in the shop had really jazzy toe designs (I look for this kind of thing - lol).Yes, this place is a bit of a distance from my home, and we know nail shops are on every corner in this town, but to find a great one like Princess - it's worth the trip.  Price of this stellar pedi?  $20 for the base model, $5 for most add-ons.  They do all the typical stuff - from basic mani/pedi's, to the higher end hot wax options.My only suggestion - definitely make an appointment.  They really will not rush through your pedi like most places do, so without an appointment, you may wait a bit to see someone.
4	My favorite part of this place is the massage chairs and the foot massages they give!I've been here twice.  The first time wasn't great, but I liked my toenails.  I got there early and they put me in a chair to soak my feet with water that was freezing cold.  The second time was better, but I didn't love my nail designs.  It came out looking like a "Bollywood" design.  I guess next time I should be more specific about what type of design I want instead of just saying I want nail art.  They have a lot of colors, but they seem to have a lot of the dark reds and not as much in the light pink department.  I thought about bringing in my own color.I like that they give you a list of options to choose from so that you know exactly what everything is and what it costs.
1	I sadly, have to update my review and pan this place.I had an appointment for today, and I was kept waiting 25 minutes.  Then, when my girl finally got around to me, about 5 minutes into my service, she stopped, and said she had a quick manicure she had to do. (!!).  I was beside myself.  I was ready to bolt, but was halfway though a pedicure!  Yes, the work is great, but the customer service is pathetic.  I think what they do is just take everyone who either calls, or walks in the door.  Then they make everyone wait.When you live in a city with a nail salon every 20 feet, this isn't the way you build a customer base. If I walked in (as I did for my first service), I'd expect to wait.  But to have an appointment, be kept waiting almost 30 minutes, then have the person up and take someone else in the MIDDLE is just atrocious.They lost me as a customer for good.
1	I went to this salon and was initially impressed with the atmosphere but that's all I found attractive to this business. I got a gel manicure that didn't even last a week. Then I went back to have my nails redone and the woman that did my nails did everything wrong. She cut all my nails off, tried to upsell me to the more expensive gel tips, which I'm allergic too, put too much layers of gel polish on my nails and the did a horrible nail design; making my nails look absolutely terrible. By then I just wanted out of that place, so I suffered with those gross nails for a few days before I went somewhere else to get them repaired.
5	Great service and nice work! After living here for 8 months I've finally found a place worth coming back to! Holly did an excellent job!
2	I went to Princess Nails after hearing good things about this establishment only to be let down. During my eyebrow wax the technician did a poor job by not listening to my requests, she did not soothe my just waxed skin with any type of cooling gel, and left wax and hair on my face after the wax.
1	If I could give this establishment 0 stars I would. I have been to this establishment a number of times because it is close to my house and kept hoping that one mishap after another was just a coincidence. It was not! They put an acrylic top coat on my gel manicure which burned my nails and destroyed them. When I went back to have it fixed, rather then taking them off, they just put another layer on top of the mess they had already made. It was a disaster trying to fix them  at another nail salon. Why did I go back you ask, it is across the street from where I live. The final straw for me was getting my eyebrows waxed here. They are totally uneven and they left a bald spot in my left eyebrow. Thank god I have bangs!!! It will take me months to get them back to what they looked like before.save yourself a trip and do not go to this place!!!!
5	I recently moved up to Carefree Highway and had been looking for a good nail salon. I tried quite a few only to be disappointed by the quality of work. I feel like I have finally found a place I can become a regular at! The gel nail color selection is huge and Lee and John are by far my favorite. Their work is always perfect! The salon has a nice atmosphere, everyone is always so friendly, and the mani and pedis are always on point. I always tell anyone I know looking for a nail salon to look no further. Love love love!
2	Ok, I just moved up to this area so I'm scouting out new nail places.Saturday, noon-ish, and the place is empty.....that should have been my first clue. I'm there for a fill and a pedi.  They seat me for my pedi....the worst pedi I've ever gotten.  I paid $5 extra for the callous remover...the girl just didn't have the muscle or the fortitude to use that grater hard enough to do any good, all she did was roughen them up so that now my feet catch the carpet. Total pedi time was 30 min.  Then they take me over for my fill, but she had to move the mail and a half eaten banana from the station before she could start.  She tried to tell me my nails were old and needed to taken off and have a new set put on....i just had them put on 4 weeks ago so I told her so but she argued with me anyway. She didn't buff or use that dremel thing on my nails so there's acrylic built up around my cuticles.  The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because they had a fabulous assortment of colors, regular and gel.
1	I have been going to this nail salon for over a year (at over $1000) despite the fact that they take 2 hours to do my nails, charge me a fortune (almost double most salons) and do a horrible job. After switching to a different nail salon, I returned to this salon to get my eyebrows waxed.  Holly, grabbed my hand on one visit and then started speaking in Vietnamese to John and the other employees referencing my nails.  Holly and John have since been very rude to me on the phone and when I come in.  They act like they are in high school and are obviously and overly friendly with the other customers and then pretend they don't even know who I am when I come in.  Holly did my eyebrows (08/27/2014), and instead of putting an oil to remove excess hot wax (which is what she normally does), she pulled and rubbed my face and eyebrow hairs with a cloth to get the excess wax off and made my entire eye area sore and red (more than the norm).  She left hot wax on my eyebrows which clumped together and hardened when I got to my car.  She didn't warn me when she started to trim my eyebrows - she almost cut my lashes or could have poked my eye with those scissors.  She clipped too much on one eye and not enough on the other.  She used to do a good job (which is why I still came to her for my eyebrows), but once she figured out I was going to a different salon for my nails, she and John treat me horribly.  We are paying customers and we have every right to go to any or all the nail salons in the Valley!  I have reported her and John to the AZ State Board of Cosmetology, BBB and the PeopleClaim Agency.  For your safety, if you go somewhere else in addition to their salon, wear your protective gear, they will seek revenge and purposefully hurt you!
