5	If you need help getting in shape, or you're interested in changing your lifestyle and becoming fit and healthy, Fitness Revolution is the place to be! I joined the team at Fitness Revolution and it has truly improved my life in such a positive way! Before joining, I had been in a long time rut of being sick & tired of being sick & tired. For me, trying to lose weight and get back in shape was becoming more and more difficult, frustrating and down right depressing. I didn't have the knowledge, skills, or support that I needed to be successful and I needed some clear direction. I'd heard about Fitness Revolution, but for months, I kept making excuses for why I couldn't go, "no time, no money, no ambition, etc., etc.". If I'd known what I was missing, I wouldn't have hesitated and wasted so much time. This place is totally different than anything I'd ever seen. It's not like the World's Gym where everyone is strutting around looking for their next date, or comparing biceps. No, Fitness Revolution is a safe, comfortable place with a true community of like minded, goal oriented people. The support I get there is like that of none other. The trainer, Asad, is excellent! He's very knowledgeable and encouraging. He takes the time to give each person what they specifically need. His wife, Michelle is an excellent massage therapist, and is also an integral part of the support team. They provide their team members with detailed, yet simple meal plans, that are totally doable! The workouts change often, so I never get bored with the same routine. There is always something new, exciting and challenging, yet catered to my own specific needs. I've had excellent results so far, in just a few short months. I feel better than ever! If you are considering joining, or if you need help to get in shape, Fitness Revolution will not disappoint! Start living the life you want to live NOW! Don't waste another day. Take the time for yourself, make the investment in yourself, and JUST DO IT! You are stronger than you think you are. If you take the first step by visiting Fitness Revolution, you won't regret it, I assure you!
5	I have been with Fitness Revolution for a year now and it has been one of the best experiences of my life.  Asad and Michelle who own this facility are just the most compassionate caring people and want to help you with your fitness and health goals.  I am a PT client and train weekly with Asad and he is just phenomenal he changes the exercises up and you never get bored of any workouts.  I am also a massage client with Michelle, probably the best I have ever had period as far as deep tissue and helping loosen tight muscle.  Michelle has also opened me up to essential oils and that has changed my familys life for the rest of our life.  If I didnt meet Asad and Michelle I would not have tried oils, would not have pushed myself to limits I never thought I could do.  I will never go to anywhere else for massages or PT.  I highly recommend Fitness Revolution Queen Creek.  Your life will change for the better and for the rest of your life.  Give it try and never turn back.  Here is to many more years!Vanessa
5	I have been a member of Fitness Revolution for a couple months now and I have to say it has been a life changer.  Coach Asad has been instrumental in getting me back into shape with his unique and personal workout regiments.  Each workout session has different levels that allow you to push yourself.  He introduces a new set of workout regiments almost every 3 weeks keeping you engaged and focused.  Each session gives you a total body workout.  We have monthly weigh-in sessions designed to follow up with your goals.  I have seen a decrease in my weight, waist size, and body fat every month since I joined.  Not only am I feeling great but his workouts and his weekly goals have motivated me to eat better.  I highly recommend Coach Asad and Fitness Revolution.
