5	Really cute cafe in Antiques at the Market run by a chef hailing from New York City! The staff is super friendly and accommodating, and the food is really hearty and delicious! I would definitely recommend the signature burger - mac n cheese and bacon jam on a beef patty - what's not to love? I also enjoyed their mac n cheese in general, it's baked and crispy on the edges, yummmm. Other tasty dishes include the Brie and mushroom bruschetta, caramel bar, hummus, and so much more! Can't wait to visit again!
5	Truffles n bacon is an exceptional cafe. Although the place is somewhat hidden , it is worth the trip.  I attended the grand opening and  I was expecting decent food but the their signature burger is above expectations. The place also has  diverse assortments such as  salads,  Mac and cheese,  grilled cheese sandwhichs, deserts, and my favorite, bacon jam. Overalll, Trufflesnbacon is a must.
5	My friends and i atended the opening of Truffles N bacon. it is inside the Antiques in the Market. The chef is well known to me as she has been whipping up scrumptious creations when she was in NY.  Vegas is lucky to have her.  for starters, we had the chips and hummus. This was addicting. Could have munched on it all day. We tried the TNB Burger. Amazing ! The huge beef patty was juicy and flavorful, layered with equally sized baked mac, and topped with bacon jam. Wow, this could easily be their best seller. Their This Is not Your  Mama's Grilled cheese was another winner. Very hearty and delicious. The side salad appeared simple but it surely had surprising  flavors as well.  Kudos to the chef, and the super friendly staff. The cafe is a must try for everyone. Would definitely come back to try out the other menu items.
5	Amazing food! My goal is to try everything on the menu! Keep in mind that they can whip up anything you can think of just as long as they have the ingredients!
5	A group of six of us had the pleasure of trying Truffles N Bacon today.  We were celebrating a birthday and, since we had no definite plans, I made the call to give them a try even though they had just opened and most of the existing Yelp reviews seemed to be from people with almost no prior reviews.  In short, all six of us left extremely satisfied and will all definitely return.Truffles N Bacon is located INSIDE the antiques mall.  It's a little difficult to find, but worth it.  The room itself is small, yet cozy and inviting.  The staff are very friendly and made us feel at home right away.  The menu is quite large and everything sounds delicious.  On top of that, there is a specials board with even more delicious-sounding items.I started with the citrus iced tea and it was wonderfully refreshing.  The tea was light with just the right amount of lemon and, best of all, it was not too sweet.  There was also the occasional shred of mint leaf which was a nice touch.  With the entrees we ordered all being extremely rich, this iced tea was perfect to cut through the flavors and cleanse the palate.Most of us got either the Signature Hamburger or the Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese.  The hamburger had a nicely cooked beef patty (quite juicy), a rectangular slice of crispy mac and cheese, and bacon jam.  A Sriracha mayo came on the side.  A side of fried tater tots tossed in truffle oil was also included, as were some salad leaves.  With the addition of the Sriracha mayo, the burger was excellent.  Savory, cheesy, spicy, and a hint of sweetness from the bacon jam all at the same time.  I also enjoyed the added texture of the mac and cheese noodles.  If I had to find fault, I would say the generic sesame seed bun could have been swapped for something lighter and homemade.  The menu listed the bun as a brioche, but it just looked like a regular supermarket sesame bun.  A fluffy eggy golden brioche bun like the ones used at Bachi Burger or Umami Burger would have been better.  But it's a small complaint for an excellent burger.The Not Your Mama's Grilled Cheese was also excellent.  The bread choice was thick, crusty, and a perfect contrast to the mound of soft short rib, bacon jam, cheese, and blanched broccoli rabe.  The flavor of the short rib was great and elevated the grilled cheese.  As my friend said, "this is definitely not my mama's grilled cheese".  The dish is perfect and comes with sides of truffled tater tots and salad.My friend ordered the Pimp My Bruschetta, where you can choose any three of five types of bruschetta.  She enjoyed the minty pureed peas with bacon jam one the best.  She also had the mushroom with Brie and the babaganoush and liked them very much as well.We also all shared an order of Godfather's Mac and Cheese.  It was the best mac and cheese I've had in a long time.  It comes out hot with crispy cheese and burnt edges.  The short rib added savoriness and the flavor was incredible.  They should do this exact same mac and cheese, add red chili flakes in with the cheese, and call it  the "Hot Godfather" or something.  I'd order that.We also received a very nice dessert platter from the kitchen to help us celebrate the birthday.  It was a very appreciated gesture and the staff seemed happy to do it.This might be an overly long review considering it's longer than my review of Per Se, but I was very impressed by Truffles N Bacon and want them to stick around, so I figured I'd post something more detailed than what was already on Yelp.If I had one critique of the food, I would say that the spring mix salad on each entree platter was unnecessary.  It didn't really add anything to the meal.  I would have rather seen them come up with some signature crispy apple/carrot/radish slaw using an acidic and maybe slightly gingery dressing (no mayo).  It would be the perfect contrast to the rich food.  Serve it chilled in small chilled ramekins and it would be much more appreciated than just simple spring mix.My only regret was not having room for the french toast bread pudding they had on the specials board today.
5	Unique location and amazing food!  This little gem is hidden in the corner of the Antiques Market.  They have only been open about 2 weeks but I predict longevity for this cafe.  The chef, Jackie Lim, is a transplant from NYC and has brought her signature bacon jam to Vegas.  Rumor on the street that she cooked for Bill Clinton...well there's also a picture on the wall =)  The style comes across as comfort food with an Asian touch, done with a rustic twist.  The meal starts with complimentary chips and home made garlic hummus.  After stalking the Yelp reviews, we settled on the TNB signature burger and the The Ryan (panini with brisket).  However, other options were quite tantalizing as well, such as the Chicharron cobb salad...and I don't even like salad.  But hands down, the highlight of the meal was the TNB signature burger.  One of the best burgers in Vegas, what is there not to like about a hamburger with bacon jam, mac and cheese, and sriracha mayo inside a brioche bun?!  The rich flavor from the gooey mac and cheese pairs perfectly with the spicy sriracha and the sweet/salty bacon jam. The burger comes with a side of greens and fried tater tots tossed in truffle oil.  My one small complaint was that my tater tots weren't as crispy as my fiances...noticeably pale compared to his golden ones.  But minor discrepancy that I'm sure they will work out.  The staff is extremely friendly and constantly checks to make sure everything is to your liking with the meal.  The Ryan had amazingly tender brisket, but it pales in comparison to the TNB burger.  As we were eating, a food critic happened to walk in, so of course I eavesdropped on her conversation.  They apparently have fresh brewed citrus teas, and a collection of fresh made pastries.  On the weekends, they have different flavors of scones, cakes, and brownies for breakfast/dessert as well.  These delectables are created by a baker of Finnish origin, also a transplant from NYC.  With the myriad of unique daily specials and a strong base menu, I'm rooting for this restaurant to survive the Las Vegas market.  The cafe has a quaint feel and after eating to your hearts content, you can browse the peculiar items at the Antiques Market, giving your stomach a little time to digest.
3	The smell that hit me when I walked into the Antique Market was so nauseating. It was that old thrift shop smell, it was so dusty in there, Sarah Marie and I started sneezing. I really was hoping she would change her mind and we could go somewhere else. We proceeded to the left corner of the mall to find a small "cafe". We were greeted my a friendly staff member that led us to sit down. We ordered their famous citrus iced tea, the lady had told us they had become known for. We looked over the menu, it was small, and I was trying to figure out where the truffles n bacon name came from. We decided to just split something to test out the waters. We got the "Pimp my Bruschetta" you pick 3 different toppings for your bruschetta, we went with Minty Peas with Bacon Jam (it was a few pieces of crumbled bacon on top), Babaganoush, and Grilled Haloumi Cheese with Sauteed Grapes. It came with a side salad as well.  They serve their dishes on a baking sheet, which is new to me. The bruschetta was good, the haloumi cheese was my favorite. We sat there for quite sometime with empty tea glasses, and we were still starving and wanted to order something else, but no one came around. It wasn't that busy. So after a good 15 minutes passed, we decided to call it quits and go somewhere else.
5	I have the biggest food baby right now thanks to TNB. Second time to eat here. First visit I had the panini with bacon jam and today the TNB signature burger with mac n cheese on top. Both times I stumbled out of there like a full term pregnant woman. This place is a must try, but I would suggest not eating anything beforehand.
5	Try the buttermilk fried chicken Blt on sourdough bread I also ordered the special meal whih is the Turkey burger on portabello mushrooms on bed of lettuce.  The chef can prepare the food to your liking It's so good !  We don't have one like this in San Diego yet.  Call it crazy but we drove this far for this lol.  I don't mind Also try the Taro and sweet potato chips yummmmy!!!!!
5	I was super impressed with this place. It's a little hard to find, just because it's inside the antique store it's attached to but totally worth finding. The woman who served us was named Magnolia, and she was extremely personable and hospitable. The food arrangements were different than anything I've experienced and so adorable! The food itself was superb and extremely creative. I will definitely be returning here. Come give it a try!
1	Couldn't get our order taken... walked out.Very small, no ambiance.Did not offer items featured in Seven magazine and ran out of specials by 12:30.
5	What a lovely place! We were drawn in by the tea service, and found the staff to be so helpful and friendly! The decor is bright and clean but also cozy and intimate. The scones were excellent! Can't wait to come back for lunch!
5	So many good things to say about this place. Let's start with the owners. They are super friendly and passionate about the food they serve. The TNB Burger with bacon jam, yes I said jam!, was incredibly tasty. While the truffled tatter tots as a side were some of the best I have had in a while. Make sure to wash your meal down with their home brewed sweet orange mint Iced tea.  The location is quaint, being located inside an antique shopping. Overall, it's a gem if you're up for something off the path that won't disappoint.
4	The menu items here are unique and interesting, and the food I had was tasty.  The service was very friendly, and the prices are reasonable. But I couldn't give it five stars because the lack of tableware was a turnoff.  The sandwich, fries and salad were served on a piece of paper on top of a small baking sheet.  Eating a dressed salad off of paper is weird enough, but trying to stab into the salad pieces with a dull plastic fork was downright frustrating and unpleasant.  My iced tea was served in a cheap plastic cup as well. Given the fact that the menu is so unique, I'm surprised they want to cheapen the whole experience with plastic tableware.
5	Wonderful! The signature burger & Mac dish, fruit Tea were excellent, great service right up there with Bachi burger
5	My Hubby and I brought my Mom here for Mother's Day, and loved the ambience of this cute cafe inside the Antiques Market. We ordered the citrus ice tea which is the best ice tea I have ever had! I ordered the signature burger with truffle tater tots, and seriously, it was the best burger I have eaten. It was delicious with the Mac n cheese on it and bacon jam.....oh my! Even the tater tots were ridiculously tasty! My hubs ordered a special burger that had brisket and I saw him devour that, my Mom ordered the special club sandwich of the day which had Brie on it, and I will say, there was not one bit of food left on any plate! Chef Jackie came out and said hi to us, and she was so sweet, she sent us a special dessert with fresh berries. If Chef Jackie can make simple foods taste like she did, I can only imagine what else she is capable of creating, so I will be sure to come back many many times to keep on eating her delicious creations! This place is a must go!!!
5	This cafe is the perfect spot for comfort food with a modern flare. The chef is a food genius! On our short vacation we stopped here numerous times. We all agreed that the Mac and cheese balls with bacon jam, and the signature burger are a must! The house brewed tea hits the spot for this Vegas heat. The owners make you feel extremely welcome and right at home. You will find adorable little piggies as decorations. Don't forget to have the hazelnut truffles for dessert.
5	The signature tea is fantastic! We had chicken and waffles as a special of the day and it was amazing! They make their own maple bacon butter which is to die for. Ask to meet the head chef shes a sweet heart
5	New York quality food and creativeness brought to Vegas! Delicious food! From the chicken and waffles to the Mac and cheese balls(a whole new twist to a classic) to the refreshing signature citrus ice tea(perfect blend of tea, citrus, mint, and just the perfect amount of sweetness). Really can't go wrong with anything on the menu I ordered 3 dishes and even took some to go.
4	Tucked away into the back corner of the Antiques at the Market, I sort of felt like I entered a cutely decorated friend's house. The only downside is that there wasn't anyone to greet us and we didn't see a sign that said "seat yourself". The layout added to the confusion because there was an open door to the kitchen with people working hard in that area. We were thinking...do we go up to that door to order? Do we take a seat and wait for someone to notice us? We saw another couple in the restaurant eating and just decided to take a seat and figured that someone would be out soon after that. We waited about five minutes and I decided to go to the open door to see what the format for ordering was for this place. I stood there for a solid 30 seconds before someone acknowledged me and they let me know that someone would be right out. After that bit of confusion, the service and food was absolutely excellent! They had some interesting specials, but I came there on a mission...to try their signature burger. I enjoy places that have distinctive items. I consider myself a decent enough cook and I eat salads everyday for work, so I when I go out to eat, I turn my nose up at ordering Cobb salads or dishes I can make at home with ease. I go out to eat to be wowed and I was definitely wowed.I ordered their signature burger with fries and their iced caramel coffee. My boyfriend ordered their cubano burger (it was a special on the chalkboard with pickles, pork, ham, mustard, on their bun) with a vanilla iced coffee and tater tots. I will just say that when I bit into my burger, my eyes just bulged...so many flavors! The salty-sweet bacon jam, mixed with the huge portion of mac n cheese (it was the type of mac n cheese that I love because it has the crispy baked edges and super creamy), with a juicy patty. I was not able to pick out the sriracha ketchup out but the flavor combination was divine. My boyfriend took a bite and said "I want to make love to this burger". The fries and tater tots are made with truffle oil, which is my personal favorite way of having fries. I feel like that meal hit a lot of my favorites!They had a prepared pitcher of cucumber-lemon flavored water for anyone to grab. The only downside to that is my boyfriend hates cucumbers, so he was not able to grab any water. The iced coffees were a little too sweet for my taste. Still great and next time I would like to try their signature iced tea. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. Grab a bite and then let the food digest while walking around the adorable antique market. It makes for a lovely lunch date!
3	I like this place - ingredients are great and the presentation is cute, but the quality of finish wasn't so good at our last visit. We'll have to try again and update the review when we have a chance.
4	Had a late lunch today - very nice and quick service.  I had the pimp my bruschetta - mushrooms and brie, tomato and mozz, minty pea - very yummy.  Came with an unexciting side salad.  I just hated walking thru the whole market to find it - wish the side door had access.  Definitely will come back!
5	Absolutely delicious! If you're a foodie, you will absolutely LOVE this place. And if you're anything like my wife and me, you'll leave the antique store with a few goodies, too! We tried the burger the the chicken sandwich - both were phenomenal. The sweet potato chips and tater tots were to die for, as well.
5	While on vacation in the hot LV, we made sure to make a stop to Truffles & Bacon to try their TNB signature burger. We needed a small break from all the buffets in the hotels. Boyyyyyyy....did we make the right choice because ALL the food was "A freaking MAZING". We have eaten in dozens of restaurants but the cozy, homie decor, made you feel right at home. Flavors were bursting into our palates as the dishes were honestly..."ONE OF A KIND". I made sure that the whole family ordered different dishes so that we would have the opportunity to try as much as we can. I had the "Not your mama's grilled cheese sandwich" w/ Tator Tots, my husband had the "TNB signature burger" w/ potato wedges, my daughter had the "Mushroom BLT burger" w/ Tator Tots, my boys had the "Godson's baked Mac & Cheese" w/ Tator Tots, my cousin had the "Ruben sandwich" w/ tator tots & my bro-in-law had the "Skirt Steak" w/ tator tots. All the dishes had a little side salad of mixed greens which was perfect so I didn't have to order my usual side salad that I never finish in other restaurants. We all had either homemade lemonade, citrus iced tea & peach iced tea.  All three were delicious and definitely refreshing in the hot Vegas weather. We ended our meal w/ an order of apricot & mixed berries scones which my personal fave was the Mixed berries scone.We had the opportunity to take a peek into the kitchen because our table was right by the kitchen door & my 2 year old son was scoping out the scene. They leave the kitchen door wide open which is great to see that the kitchen was super clean & the chef was handling all the food up to code & preparing dishes w/ "CARE" which made me feel good about eating here considering I use to be a Restaurant Manager for 10 years and there's a reason why restaurants keep their kitchen doors closed. The food overall, was EXCELLENT!!! The food presentation, quality & taste were just PHENOMENAL & the service was "WORLD-CLASS"!!! We will definitely be returning to try the other dishes once the unbearable LV weather starts cooling down!
5	I LOVE bacon. I l LOVE truffles! Hence, I eat them a lot. You can image my excitement when I discovered this cute little cafe in Vegas (of all places). The food was delicious - can't go wrong with bacon and truffles. I had the buffalo chicken + bacon mac & cheese. My co-worker had the burger + truffle tater tots. Oh my goodness! Both were amazing. I've tried a lot of different variation of (fill in the blank) + bacon so I know what I'm talking about when I say this place is outstanding! If you want exceptional, inexpensive, award winning (their bacon jam!), home made options, this is a must try. Skip the fancy cafes in Vegas; Truffles n Bacon Cafe is SO much better. Vegas is a town living off of tourism and hospitality and this little cafe is above and beyond any 5 star hotel/restaurant. I'm not kidding. The customer service alone is worth a visit. The owner, Magnolia, was very friendly and went out of her way to make sure our first meal in Vegas was a good one (we literally had the cab drive us there after we landed). When we got there, they were closing up and Magnolia offered to re-open the cafe so we can eat. Who does that? So very kind of her. This was our first visit to Truffles n Bacon Cafe but it's going to be on my list the next time (and every time) I'm in Vegas. Save your money for gambling, bottle service and whatever else you wanna try in Vegas (wink, wink), and come eat here. Now.
5	It isn't very often that I am completely wowed by a restaurant but I have to admit that everything my husband and I tried was addictively delicious.  I had the watermelon shake and the grilled cheese. My husband had the bruschetta. The watermelon was perfect, sweet and refreshing with a hint of mint. The grilled cheese which was probably the best I have ever had came with tater tots. My husband made a face when I ordered them over the sweet potato fries since he isn't normally a fan but once they arrived he couldn't keep his hands off of them. He loved all three of his bruschetta (bacon jam and pea, baba ganoush, and haloumi cheese and grape). He declared the bacon jam and pea his (marginal) favorite which was a surprise because he normally doesn't like peas either.Excellent food, friendly staff, and comfortable surroundings. We will definitely be back.
5	I stumbled upon this place by accident.  Tucked away in an Antiques Mall, who would suspect I'd find the best bruschetta of my life inside?!  Or that the drool-worthy menu would have me planning my return before my first visit was even over?! As another patron caught me snapping pics of my food he said, "And of course you know the food is good when the chef used to cook for a president."  Um...what?!  He points to pictures of the chef with President Clinton.  What did I just stumble upon?!Meal #1 here consisted of a mint-watermelon shake, a "pimp my bruschetta" trio (pick 3 from 5 mouthwatering choices), & a dirty brownie (baked with dried cherries & a cream cheese swirl, served warm w/ vanilla ice cream).  Meal #2 will definitely be about the burger.  Saw the guy next to me get his & made him let me take a picture before he are it.  Whoa...looked AMAZING!!!Four words.  I.  Will.  Be.  Back.
5	The post below shocked me, because I am the guy who's food  she took a picture of. I love the TNB burger and their tea. I go back time and time again not only for the quality and taste of the food, but for the exceptional customer service and vibe that is created. My clients who were here looking for a home   Asked for some "great" food and they said I totally surpassed their expectations. I highly recommend Truffles N Bacon to all who want food fit for Presidents.
5	Back to Truffles and baconThe homemade brownies are to die for!  Restaurant serves the best bacon jam ! We love coming here for the burger TNB which has Mac & cheese topping and bacon jam This restaurant cafe also won awards in Vegas even though they have just been around for about 6 months Service is always excellent !  Definitely will be back next time I'm here in Vegas !  This is still Vegas best kept secret :)
5	This place is awesome, what a find! The Panini with Brisket was soooo good as well as the cobb salad. I can't say enough.
5	This is our second time eating here, and again everything was fantastic. Very fresh and very flavorful. Excited to come back again and try more items!
5	This could be my new favorite weekend lunch place. I am not sure how anyone thought it was difficult to find; there was lots of signage. We were greeted immediately, and I got their citrus iced tea which was free with my yelp check in, and very refreshing. My husband ordered the buffalo chicken mac n cheese, and I asked about their Not Your Mama's grilled cheese, and even though it's no longer on the menu, they were happy to make it or me, and also accommodated my request for no truffle oil on the tater tots. While we were waiting the server brought us out a little amuse-bouche of toast with hummus and a garlic spread, very nice of them!  Our food came out quickly and owner Magnolia was quick to make sure everything was okay, and to make sure we were taken care of. My husband's Mac n cheese was delicious, not dry, not greasy, just perfect. My grilled cheese was also delicious - the combination of melty cheese, tender brisket, and slightly bitter kale was a match made in heaven...it was the "big O" of grilled cheese. Tots were great and I loved the lightly dressed greens. Magnolia and our server both checked on us after we finished eating, and brought me another tea for the road. Great experience, we will definitely be back!
5	This is a wonderful hidden treasure in Las Vegas!  The signature bacon jam is to die for!  And the homemade broccoli cheese soup is outstanding!  My new favorite!
4	**A quaint cafe, located in the Antiques at the Market building. They serve some eclectic dishes and frequently change their Specials of the Day. It's a nice place for a mother/daughter lunch or a ladies' church luncheon.** There's a lot of these cute lil mom and pop cafes all around the Eastside (Kailyn's, Blueberry Hill, Cracked Egg, etc...) but it's hard for me to write reviews about them. I guess because there's no description for them. Cute? Quaint? Homey? Truffles n Bacon fits into this non-descript genre. It's a very cute place (I hate to use the word cute more than twice in a review), very homey but not in a good way, more bought-furniture-at-Target way. I can see large groups of females feeling comfortable here, especially with antiques galore just a few steps away. FOOD: Was surprisingly good, definitely a notch above the other cafes nearby. I got the PIMP MY BRUSCHETTA, three slices of bruschetta served three ways. I enjoyed the Mushroom and Brie bruschetta the most, but the haloumi cheese was a close second. The minty peas was interesting but my least favorite. They have interesting specials, that day it was the BBQ BRISKET QUESADILLA. This dish was excellent. On my second trip I got the FRENCH TOASTED BREAD PUDDING. I'm not a bread pudding connoisseur, actually, I've recently decided that I don't  like it and this version especially turned me off, I prefer the light custardy version. This is more like a brick of bread, it's very dense. But it had a pleasant crunchy exterior and was served warm with ice cream. I also got a jar of the BACON JAM. Again, it fell flat. The name and little jar it came in were super "cute." It tasted a lot like pork sung, you know the stuff you get at the Chinese supermarket. And it had an off-putting citrus note to it. I slathered it on crackers and ate if for breakfast, but meh... I could've done without it. It wasn't cheap either. My favorite item here was their CITRUS ICED TEA, which is very good. OTHER MISC, HELPFUL INFO: I dined here both times and both times I saw a lot of people pick up lunch box looking things for their office or home. It seems that is a significant part of their business. Most of the clientele was female. The cafe itself is located on one end of the antique mall, which is worth a peruse in itself. They close early.
4	Pretty good brunch place, even though it's in an Antique Mall.  I would say the best thing on the menu was the Brisket Sandwich it was really delicious.  The owner also comes out every now and then and checks up on how guests are feeling as well.
4	Quaint, cute, cozy, and of course, amazingly delicious. I've been meaning to try out this location due to the reviews and the close proximity to my house. I finally got to try it with a friend and then got to try it again recently. Here are some of the things I tried:Bacon Jam with Garlic Toast: Bacon jam is a thing? I'm actually not particularly a huge fan of bacon so this didn't make me go crazy. Though, it was very interesting. I had expected it to be savory but of course, since it was a jam, it was sweet. It was a sweet on savory toast. Sweet and savory ... one of the combos that I HATE the most. However, this certain combo didn't mess up my mind but that was probably because the taste of the bacon jam masked the garlic toast taste. Kehehe. It was good and worth of a try. Ryan's Choice with Grilled Chicken: Grilled cheese panini with chipotle mayo and grilled chicken. I have to say .. this was delicious. I LOVED the grilled chicken in the sandwich. It wasn't dry. It was juicy and so yummy. The flavors mixed so well together. Also, whenever you get a sandwich, it comes with either tater tots, sweet potatoe fries, or potatoe wedges and I opted for the tater tots. The tater tots were yummy! Crispy enough on the outside, warm on the inside, and just enough seasoning to top it all off. I don't even need ketchup for it! This Ain't Yo Mama's Sandwich: I got this the second time I visited. This normally comes with brisket but I subbed it with chicken instead because their chicken is delish! This sandwich has their famous bacon jam in it. Well, I wasn't so sure about this one since I wasn't a huge fan of their bacon jam but it worked very well with this sandwich. The flavors blended in very well. It had a nice sweet end taste to it. Now this is the type of sweet/savory blend that my palette can get used to! Dirty Brownie: This has cherries inside it! You can get it with ice cream or not. We decided not since we were quite full. But the brownie didn't look like the ones I usually see .. it was pretty GOOEY. It was warm and GOOOEY with chocolate and cherry goodness. It was rich and very good but it definitely should be something you get with ice cream. Delicious! My friend loved it very much. What I typically do is take half a sandwich home cause half a sandwich and some tater tots is enough to fill me. So it's great! I get lunch for the next day. The bread does get soggy but everything still tastes really good the next day.When you check in on the yelp app, you also get a free cup of their signature citrus tea with a purchase of $12. Be warned: it has mint in it. I'm not a huge fan of the mint but the last time I had it, it was very subtle so it didn't bother me. It's VERY refreshing but I wish there were more lemon flavors in it.The ONLY thing that bugs me is that it closes early. It's so hard to try to take my friends here when they're only free during the night! But since it's inside an antiques mall I guess I can't expect it to be the usual Vegas hours. Also, why don't they have regular fries?! They have sweet potatoe fries!!! I just love regular fries :P and wouldn't mind if they added it to the menu.Overall, amazing places. I would love to go back and bring my friends. Delicious and worth a try. The server is also very very nice. Be a little patient as well cause there's only one server. Not a place you wanna eat at if you're in a hurry!
5	Found this little gem via a flyer at an Asian grocery store. Wandered around the Antiques Market for a bit before we final found it (it's all the way to the left of the entrance). Highly recommend the Not Your Mama's grilled cheese. It is fully toasted with a healthy portion of pulled pork, tomatoes, bacon jam and kale. And get the tator tots on the side...trust me. My friend had me try his chicken salad sandwich which was delicious. It seems like they have a different menu for daily specials so don't just go by the menu on their website. Also, the server let us know that they will be moving to the plaza on Eastern and Pebble by December.
4	Great food. The location at the antique store is bad but they are moving in a month. The signature burger was great but a bit pricey $14. They are extremely friendly and helpful.
4	Short hours and a really strange location don't take away from the food at Truffles n Bacon Cafe - I honestly don't remember the name of the sandwich I had, but it was really good. Nothing particularly unique about it, just a good, hearty chicken and avocado sandwich. I think it had roasted peppers too? I had regular fries and it came with a small side salad as well - both were properly prepared and tasted good.But what I do remember is the yummy Dirty Brownie - I ate it for like 4 days savoring the chocolatey goodness with the bits of fruit inside.The only criticism I have of this place is that the service took a while. It's really only open for lunch hours, and I generally like my food to be timely when it's lunchtime. Also, the two sandwiches came out a good ten minutes apart, which is always a little awkward when you're eating with one other person. It's a small operation but I think they could make more than one sandwich at once. :|Oh I found the name of the sandwich - The Green Hulk.
4	Gourmet comfort food. Bacon Jam is awesome and a must try. Delish on everything! Good people.
5	This location was totally YELP WORTHY. This location is definitely VERY LOW KEY, but they will be moving to a new location (8872 S. EASTERN AVE; not sure when they're moving but I'll be back!The girls and I are all in the hospitality industry and the service was COZY. It felt very cozy and personal. The food was amazing! The girls got couple bacon jam to take back home! A party next to us was having a high tea party, and the presentation looked beautiful..I wanted to eat it myself.Mama and Magnolia provided the best service and recommendations. They will modify the menu selection *if needed.If I return to Vegas again soon, I'll definitely be back! And must see Mama! She's the Best :)Cheers to a successful year Truffles N Bacon Cafe!
4	I really don't have many witty things to say about this place other than it's cute, simple, and delicious -- which wasn't even a witty description.. #basicThey're currently located inside the Antique Mall, but will soon be moving locations. The owner mentioned the new location will be somewhere near Pebble and Eastern if I'm correct? ...In the same shopping complex as a Cuban restaurant and a movie theatre? LOL sorry that's so sadly vague, it's the best I got though.Let me just cover your meal for you. Go for whatever on the menu PLUS BACON JAM. If 'Winner of Las Vegas Best 2014' is printed on the menu right under an item, how can you NOT try it? It definitely won its place for a reason and a spot definitely well deserved. Not to be mistaken as a sweet jelly similar to the typical fruit jellies in a jar, more like a clusterf*ck of bacon bits with a hint of sweetness.The sandwiches are just OK to me, but it could also be because I don't really get that excited for sandwiches in general. I honestly would be perfectly happy with just the bacon jam and their tater tots as a meal...so nutritious. Although certain parts of the menu are just alright to me, it's the small details that matter.. the complimentary citrus tea when you check into yelp, the friendly 'at-home' type of service, and the overall decor and style is what makes me a true fan.
