3	I have pleasant memories of the Union from student days (2001-2005), but things have certainly changed. The Union Art Gallery (my favorite place to study or sleep between classes) has closed and been replaced by the now enormous Quad Shop. And the Quad Shop is now a Jamba Juice. Which I'm not OK with. In general, there are too many new chains on campus, and I got along just fine before they arrive, thankyousomuch. So while chains cost the Union a 4th star, it's great in other ways. There are still plenty of places to sit and relax, even when events of career fairs fill up the large Union A, B, and C rooms. There's lots of food options between the food court and other areas, a decent bowling alley, and lots of meeting space, some of which I actually took advantage of during a recent recruiting trip. It's even fairly inexpensive to book. There's even a very cool touch screen display near the front (facing Green) side of the union, which lets those unfamiliar quickly see which events are scheduled for the day (we found ours easily) and even map the best route from you to the meeting room - given that there are several elevator banks and stairwells that don't all go to every floor or even every part of every floor, that can save you a lot of time. It was nice being back, but you know...I still wish I could crash out in the art gallery for a bit. Did we really need that Jamba Juice?
3	I stand blissfully corrected - someone just messaged me to let me know that my beloved Union Art Gallery has moved to the NW corner of the Union, connected to the Pine Lounge. Shame on me for not doing more research, but I'm glad to hear that it still exists. Get your nap on, kids.
5	Great atmosphere-Multicultural-Wireless-Plenty of seating-Hotel for guests-Lounge-Large flatscreen HD TV's-Comfortable temperature-Restrooms-Clean-Quiet-Outstanding maintenance crew!
5	Does anyone remember when the Illini Union used to have a real cafeteria in the basement where the food court now is? They served some of the best comfort food available.  This was 20 years ago!
5	Busy, busy, busy place.I was there for a college tour with my teenager and the tour started here at the.  That place is buzzing with activity and young folks with laptops everywhere.Overall, U of I was a very nice campus  . . did I mention it was busy?
4	Only been to the first floor and food court. Has a variety of businesses in it, banks, coffee shop, restaurant etc. Kinda everybody's memory. The entrance hall is very relaxing with ancient looking clock and couches.
3	Illinois' Union building is okay... It has some interesting performances and events every once in a while in the cafe, and the little store in the front is pretty handy when you need your magazines or some quick snack. That being said, the only original restaurant it had was shut down last year, and the downstairs section is icky.
5	Landmark Review:Oh this place brings back so many memories, so many nooks and crannies. There is a lot of hidden stuff here that is great. I spent countless hours here studying away. Let me highlight some great finds1. Bowling alley, arcade, billiards, xbox rental in the basement2. Lots of restaurants downstairs to eat at and some snack/coffee shops on the first floor3. There is the Illini Union ballroom which serves AYCE lunch 11.95. A lot of professors stop here for lunch4. Art gallery on the first floor5. McKinley health center (I wish I knew about this when I was a student here)Free suppliesTwice Per Semester    Cold pack    Pregnancy test    Yeast infection kit    Wound packEvery Two Weeks    Condom pack    Lubricant or spermicidal gel    Latex barriers6. Tenant union- if you have issues with your land lord7. Illini book store for all your Illini gear/book needs8. Illini quad shop for all the random home needs/snacks when you don't want to leave campus9. Tech zone- they can help repair your computer10. Document services- if you need help printing brochures, flyers etc11. Lots of areas to study including the lounges which are hidden off to the side. Great for naps, reading, or a place to rest in between test. My favorite was the vending machine room where you can grab drinks and just lay your head down when you get tired of studying12. Finally if you want you can even book a room at the Union Hotel for the night
