3	Coffee is good, atomshere is nice, can get  a little noisy, the back room is good for small meetings.
3	I believe this small coffee shop is suffering from the economic slow-down, which is a shame. The offerings are nothing spectacular but I hate to see locally-owned businesses suffer. I have been in the shop about 5 times in the last couple weeks at what should be peak times, but the place was dead and often I was the only customer. Being set so far back from Gilbert Rd. probably isn't helping their cause.Their signature drink the Shark Bite is your basic caffeine-infused cold beverage. If you like coffee and you need a shot of caffeine, you will find none better. However their menu is difficult to follow - you're kind of on sensory overload when your standing there at the counter and the guy is waiting to take your order. Still, service is good and they are friendly.The shop has a small conference room which is great for conducting small meetings or interviews, if you don't mind the Christmas tree box in the corner. They also have massage chairs, computer workstations and free Wi-Fi. If you're looking for somewhere to spend your  money other than Starbucks, the Coffee Cove is a good option for you.
4	Not a coffee drinker, but I am a computer geek in need of wifi.  This place is open late (10pm) and has a soda fountain (score).  Fresh cookies and pleasant owners make it above average!
4	Neat place a little bigger than the standard Starbucks but the coffee is good, there is lots of seating and the staff is very nice.They have free wi-fi and a small conference room in the back great for that lunch business meeting or a late afternoon meet up.They also have live Christian music on Friday nights, I thought that was kind of cool. They get fresh pastry's in daily and I haven't been disappointed yet.This is my Tuesday morning hang out. I meet business people here every Tuesday for a network meeting and they welcome us with open arms.Check it out.
3	The coffee is good.  The store itself is a bit dirty and I like places that are real houses converted to coffee houses.  Not everyone can do that but this place is just ordinary.  They do encourage you to hang around for a while and use their free wi-fi, the chains just want you in and out!
5	Great coffee! Great people! The caramel maciato is the best! Get to know Troy and his mom Pat! They are great people. By the way, if you need a great home inspector, the best of the best, Scott Warga is here every Tuesday morning. See his review for the Coffee Cove!
4	Nice people running this place. It's downfall is it's complete lack of style. You will feel like you're in a fat bachelors living room. The place is a mess and most likely many health code violations are going down in this joint.That being said, the owners couldn't be nicer (although not the most chatty) and the coffee is good. They need some music however and maybe some younger people working there.
4	I discovered the Coffee Cove after moving to Gilbert from Mesa. I love that it's right down the street from me, but I love even more that the people running the joint are sincerely nice people that want to serve good coffee! I was so bored with the basics like Starbucks...For the same price range you can come to a place that maybe isn't the fanciest but where you will talk to some really nice people, get a really good cup of coffee made by someone who REALLY knows his coffee and how to prepare it, and feel like you did something to help out the small business population :) Please go and visit Coffee Cove, you won't be sorry you did!
2	Way over the top with the christian music and christian icons. Coffee is ok and the staff are pleasant - just not my cup of tea
4	I actually prefer this coffee shop over Starbucks. They have really good breakfast sandwiches and free WIFI. The service is very friendly and it's a great atmosphere.  Please support this local business.
2	We pass by this coffee shop every day and have been wanting to go in. This morning we decided to give it a try. We went in around 7:00 am on a Wednesday morning and there were no customers there, although a couple did show up while we were waiting. The gentleman behind the counter was very nice and helpful. Unfortunately we did not think the coffee was very good (we ended up getting QT coffee afterward) and the service was a bit slow. Also, there seemed to be a lot of things strewn around inside which took away from the experience.
2	That was...weird.So I stop in before heading over to Bounce U. I'm in Gilbert a lot and pass by this place often. Being on a recent local coffee shop kick, I decide to check it out. The location isn't the best. Not convenient as it's set far back from the road and not by any other shopping.Upon walking in I'm immediately distressed at the fact that there is crap everywhere. Clutter, papers, knick knacks, old chairs, It's a cluttered MESS. Piles of stuff. I try to decipher the menu, which is also cluttered and complicated. Give up and settle on an iced dirty chai. They don't have almond milk. Boo. Fine, I'll take soy. (Ok at this point it irritates me when local coffee shops don't have almond milk, no one drinks soy anymore!).The guy, while very nice, was really...strange. Same with the lady typing away on her lap top who I can pretty much guess is the other owner.My drink wasn't bad. Too much milk in it and I could tell they use a pre-sweetened chai. Whatever, it was ok. It did kind of bug me that the guy kept saying "charger" and I have no idea what that is. Finally since I'm the only customer I'm like, my soy dirty chai? He said yes but we call it a charger. Ok.Behind the counter was in disarray as well.  It didn't look clean and orderly but they have a A rating sign from the health dept up. I couldn't see the date on it though.Anyway, they thanked me and invited me back but honestly, I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Not my kind of place. At all.
1	Looks cluttered with all the crap piled up in back and it smells funny. Odd set up for a coffee shop which is supposed to be clean and cozy. The owner is rude she is an obese lady who sits at a table on her laptop. Apparently she does not bother to read the reviews of her coffee shop.  I bought a coffee then went outside. Came back in about 15 min later so my 5 yr old son could use the bathroom. He beelined it to the bathroom and as I'm holding their cup of coffee she said to the cashier " make sure they buy something" and he told her we did.  It is messy and smells and looks more like a frat house. Ive been here twice in 5 Years now I know why. I will stick to Starbucks.
1	Went to Coffee Cove on a Monday at 6:10am. Sign says they open at 6:00am, but the shop was empty with the lights off. Is this place closed? So much for trying a new coffee shop.
1	Sorry but this place is a clutter filled mess with a strange stench in the air.  I gave the Coffee Cove a try last year and it is one of the strangest businesses I have ever been in.   The tables and chairs are mish mashed and not in a good way.  There is junk all over the shop.  It looks like an episode of Hoarders!  There was a gross smell inside which other reviewers said was mold.  I'm not sure as I never smelled mold before but based on the dirtiness of this place mold would be a good guess.  My drink had way to much milk in it.  I won't be back.  It's sad because this area does not have many independent coffee shops and I HATE Starbucks.  I wanted to find another local coffee shop, but sadly this place missed on all levels.
4	Okay, what to say?  I can definitely see what others said about "strange vibe" but I found I kind of liked the place.  Why?  The coffee was nothing special. The large room is cluttered, yes, but it felt sort of cozy.  I thought the Christian icons were bizarre to have in a coffee place, but it added to the strange, but comfortable atmosphere.  The owners seemed very nice, but I felt a little out of place around them.  Finally, there was no music.  Did I find that a negative?  Strangely, I didn't.  I found it a pleasant change from every other cafe that feels it has to blast your eardrums out every second you are there.  But here, blessed quiet!
1	I hate to do this to a locally owned business but this place was the worst. It was beyond dirty with ZERO atmosphere. The worst part was the dirt though. I had to wipe dust off the table before I put my bag down. After I picked it up, it was still covered in dust. The floor has dirt all over it. I don't think the seating area has been cleaned in months. They had a sign posted that they got an A On a health inspection on 3/26/14. I'm not sure how that's possible. I saw dust in the kitchen area on the counters too. The sandwich I ordered was ok and the staff was nice but I couldn't get past the dirt or stench. Save yourself the time and go to talebu or sozo. I don't know how they've stayed in business this long as it seems these same issues have been brought up in prior posts. (Oh how I wish I would have read them now!) I believe there's also some hoarding as there's an abundance of books, chairs, tables and plants. This place needs a good thorough cleaning and decluttering.
1	Strange is the best word to describe my visit. I drive past this place almost everyday, I thought it was shut down because it's not very eye catching and in a secluded shopping center. Decided to give it a shot, wish I hadn't. The first thing that slaps you in the face when you open the door is the smell. Not the brewing coffee smell you'd expect from a COFFEE SHOP but more like a stale antique shop. And there is clutter everywhere. Kept it simple with an iced vanilla latte, but it had way too much milk. While I was waiting for my drink, I felt distracted and uncomfortable by how many wooden "Jesus" signs were everywhere. Will not come back.
2	I feel a little bad even writing this since I like supporting local shops and of course love a good little coffee shop, but I wouldn't go back here.  I dropped in on a whim after driving by many times and thinking it looked like a quaint little place.  I was literally the only customer in there and I kinda wished I could walk back out without being rude.  The male owner was nice, though not what I would expect, and the female owner was a little odd, just standing there staring at the guy as he made my drink (didn't even acknowledge me).  I ordered 2 specialty drinks that were just "ok" - nothing special and the prices weren't any better than anywhere else.  The atmosphere and the vibe was definitely off.  I give it 2 stars instead of 1 because the guy was nice but honestly I wish I could just have my $10 back.
3	2.5 stars. Service was good. Coffee was OK, nothing special. I like that it's a wholesome place (Christian music in the background was nice), but the feel of the place is not that chill which is really what you want out of a coffee joint. The decor is all over the place. They seem nice so I hope they are able to stay in business but they really need some direction on how to design or arrange the place. I definitely wanted to just drink my coffee quickly and get out. I didn't finish the cup before leaving. Summary: Seems like a nice place but not what you want from a coffee shop and no where near the experience that some of the other local coffee places (Bergie's, Inside the Bungalow, etc) are putting out.
1	closed!!
