5	Wow.  Pretty much the best tapas restaurant i have ever been to.  It was our last night in Montreal.  We were STARVING yet wanted an experience.  We checked out the menu here and decided to stay.  What a great decision!  If you don't feel brae enough to order your own tapas, they have a couple of  "chef's choice" menus.  We selected our own.  Grilled bread with fragrant olive oil, excellent wine, feta-stuffed grilled peppers, pan-seared scallops and octopus with ouzo,  bacalau croquettes, eggplant with lamb, OMG!  Too many wonderful things to mention.  Do yourself a favor and visit here on your next stop in Montreal.  The waitstaff were sweet and patient, tool  You can't go wrong.
3	It was last Saturday night.  Beautiful weather, everybody was outside enjoy warm night, all the restaurants on Duluth and St. Denis were packed with people..  I read this review and wanted to check it.  There were only 6 people inside and outside total.  My husband was skeptical, he asked me several times " Do you really want to try this restaurant?  Other restaurants are full with people except this one! "  But I wanted to try!  Since the review was five stars.I found out that this restaurant food are excellent but super expensive.  I think the first reviewer is a rich person or because she was visiting Montreal, she has more budget than person like me who live in Montreal..2 small scallops with little teaspoonful of sauce is $8 - Before tax and tips.  In Quebec, you have to think the price before and after since the tax is 12.5% and tips - I am a 20% tipper so it adds up a lot.  All things we ordered - scallops, lamb, salted cod, and phyllo -  all came in 2 pieces.  Very small pieces.  I didn't use my knife.  After 2 glasses of wine and 4 tapas, it was $62 and my husband pay $10 tips - less than usual.  So oh well I don't think I need to go back but if you have money to burn and need to have fancy plates and new fork and knife after every 2 bites.  You should try this place.
3	I have to agree with Keewi. This place is way too expensive for what you get. I absolutely adore Greek food, so I was excited to try some of their more unsual menu items. However, I was extremely disappointed in the tiropita. Not only was it TINY (just two small little triangles), it was $8. The eggplant mezze that I also had was more substantial and also around $8. I was scared to order more after seeing how small the tiropita was. Also, I sat out on the terrace and found that the table was very dirty. As it was kind of cold, perhaps other people weren't dining outdoors and it had been collecting dust all day. Nonetheless, that left me with a bad impression. The service was very good, however. I also enjoyed the Greek wine that I had. I might return here but definitely just for a quick snack. Way too pricey to try to eat a whole meal here.
2	Service is a little slow (which may not be a bad thing depending on your mood), but the food is just okay.  Very friendly staff and a nice atmosphere, but the best thing we ate was the Greek salad, and for those prices, it should have been better.
3	Nice-looking restaurant. Great location. friendly staff.I was part of a group of 10. As a result we had a group menu which turned out to be a little disappointing. We got the generic items off the menu. There were other things on the regular menu I really would have liked to try.The food was tasty, just not tasty enough for the price tag.Give this restaurant a try. I'm sure they can do better than what I experienced. To be completely honest, I've never really had a great group menu experience.
