4	My favorite stylist, Loris, ("Lo-reece") moved to Salon Embellish the first of the year, so of course I followed her.  Salon Embellish just opened in January.  It is very modern, with walls painted espresso and green.  It is light and airy, very pleasant.  In addition to full salon services, they offer facials and massages.  The staff I encountered seemed very pleasant.  But Loris - she rocks.  She is an amazing colorist, and gives great cut.  She listens, and colored my hair the way I asked when no one else would.  I would follow her to the ends of the earth!
4	My friend Eve told me about Salon Embellish about a year ago right after it opened. Because I am such an Aveda freak, I had a free gift certificate through their awards program and Salon Embellish was one of the salons on the list. So, I made an appointment for both a massage and a facial. As you walk in, you're greeted by a minimalist modern decor and Aveda products lined up on shelves. I love Aveda products, as anyone within breathing distance of me knows already. (I've had friends tell me that I smell like an Aveda factory.) Dionna, the owner, is amazing and very sweet. You will probably end up speaking to her at least once during your visit and she's delightful. It's a very family-oriented atmosphere, very welcoming. My massage went well, though the music (lots of chanting monks) had to be fairly loud to drown out the energy of the salon. Next was my facial...which was my favorite part. Syreeta was great and answered all of my questions throughout the process, and gave me lots of helpful tips. It was so relaxing and my skin looked so healthy and glowing after. She does a great job and their prices are quite reasonable. Highly recommend. I've gone back for several facials since my first visit. (In fact, I recommended it to a friend of mine from work and he now goes there regularly, even though he has gift certificates for resorts and spas in the Valley he has yet to use.)
5	This review is loooong overdue. On what seemed to be a never-ending search for the perfect 'do last summer, I discovered Dionna and Salon Embellish. Actually, I didn't just happen upon it, about 12 of my closest friends also go to Salon Embellish, and I'm proud to say they are the 12 most beautiful girls with the most beautiful hair that I know.  It's an Aveda salon, so everything inside smells pretty and fresh, and I'm always supplied with the best products. My very blonde hair can be difficult to lighten properly, but not for Dionna. It's perfect every time. She always knows how I want it cut, even if I don't. My biggest fear is (was) to leave a salon looking out-dated, but I am perfectly comfortable knowing Dionna would never let that happen. The salon has everything I could ever want - massage, body and facial treatments, etc. I could spend all weekend there. Everyone is friendly and fun, the prices are Very reasonable, and there are plenty of weekend appointments. I'm happy to say that my stylist search has come to an end.
4	Yesterday I had a heavenly experience at Salon Embellish as a result of purchasing their Groupon a few weeks ago. Salon Embellish is a full service salon that offers massage, aesthetics, and hair care. The salon itself is small, but functional, with Aveda products and pictures spread throughout. I had a lovely 60-minute Swedish massage from Jeff and an awesome haircut by Charlotte. They both demonstrated attention to detail and I appreciated their efforts. I would recommend.
5	I LOVE this salon. Its a great, centralized location in midtown Phoenix. If you have curly or wavy hair, Charlotte is the stylist to go to, she understands and will give you great cut/color to compliment it. Trust me that is SO HARD to find...And the Aveda products are just heavenly.  The salon is very cozy, yet professional.  There is a great little local coffee shop in the same building too. It is really hard to find a good salon & stylist that you love and feel comfortable with, I am so happy to have Charlotte @ Salon Embellish!
5	I first went to Salon Embellish thanks to a great Groupon (hour massage & shampoo/style for $39), and if you've used Groupon like I have, you know that is a big risk.  However, Salon Embellish was one of those gems in the world of dog Groupons.  Here's why:  1) They didn't have the typical "Groupon" attitude where they're actually annoyed by the business they're getting from all these Groupon appointments.2) The massage I had was GREAT! Kudos to my massage therapist for actually asking me halfway through if everything was ok.  I also liked that she chose some cool music outside Sade and windpipes.3) The owner did my shampoo/style and she was super cool/nice.  As an awesome perk, she ordered a clipless curling iron (retails for $120) and had me pay at cost...she ordered it and got it back within 3 days.All around - great experience, I'd definitely go back!
4	I walked into Salon Embellish knowing little more than the fact that it's an Aveda salon, and it shares a plaza with an independent bookstore and an independent coffee house.  I have thick, wavy, graying hair, and I was just too hot.  I had no appointment, but they assured me that they could serve me in 20 minutes.  They were true to their word.  The stylist (Charlotte) took the time to listen to what I wanted, provided her own suggestions, and gave me an awesome, no maintenance short haircut that's garnered many compliments.  She recommended product that works well with my hair.  She did not attempt to convince me to color or blow dry my hair (big plus for her).  This short cut will require more maintenance, but I'm glad I did it, and I'll go back to Embellish for said maintenance.
4	I love Salon Embellish and have finally found a permanent hair stylist in Loris who works there. She is wonderful! The rest of the staff is always very friendly, greets you upon arrival and offers you something to drink, and the salon decor is minimalist but nice. The complex it's in is really cute and centrally located, with a coffee shop and used book store. I highly recommend trying out the stylists at Salon Embellish - I was referred by a friend and have been going back ever since! Their pricing is very reasonable. So happy to have found Salon Embellish & Loris!
5	I found my stylist, her name is Charlotte! I love everything about this place. I always grab a tasty beverage at Urban Beans before I step in. Since highlights take a while...The music is great, the atmosphere is great and they all are so nice.I've got my brows tinted and waxed before and I was super happy with that as well.I suggest it if you looking for a great style and color for a respectable price.
5	My hair stylist first referred me to MJ for a brow wax, but when that salon closed it doors for good, I just followed MJ to the next place - Salon Embellish! Salon Embellish is a gem - in the central/downtown Phoenix area, reasonable prices and great service. If you drop in, you'll notice that they're expanding the salon into the suite next door. And I love that they're located in a corridor with a local coffee shop and bookstore! I highly recommend this salon and MJ for any waxing or facial/skin care needs - she has limited availability, so be sure to book in advance because it's worth it.
5	I love this salon. I do work for Aveda, Team Lead at PV Mall.  Charlotte Fuzzey is an amazing stylist.  She has a great eye for what style will work for you,  and was trained at the original institute(huge plus, in my book).  If you have the opportunity, I highly recommend Salon Embellish.  ALSO, they are expanding, that says a lot about a quality salon.  Can't wait,  for a massage and Pedicure as well.  Way to go!
4	Used my Groupon for a massage and blow out. Massage was very relaxing. Shampoo and style were ok. Stylist was a little slow to style my hair, as he was using a blow dryer that wasn't very powerful. Overall a pleasant experience. Friendly staff and central location. I will book a repeat appointment.
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed these guys yet. Okay, yeah, read the reviews everyone raves about Charlotte. Charlotte, you reading this? We love you, don't leave! Charlotte has been doing my 'do for about nine years, and I followed her to Embellish from her previous salon. Can't really say enough great things there -- she keeps me from looking like a she-beast.Embellish has expanded their space to almost double the original size, and I recently indulged in a mani/pedi in the "new" digs. I enjoyed the experience immensely, though I was a little leery that they use a giant metal bowl for the foot bath. However, in the end I decided it was better than those plastic foot baths some places use. The pedi is about a full hour, and very intensive with cleansing, a mud mask and massage. My feet have never been so clean.As far as other services, I've been in several times for brow waxing, always with excellent service and results.
5	Super nice well run salon.  Very friendly and accommodating.I first went to Salon Embellish when I followed Charlotte Fuzzey  there.  She is the best with color and totally sweet.  I will miss her very much, since she has moved back to the Mid West.
5	My family has been coming to this salon for over four years. We love the owners, who have been so accommodating when it comes to our schedule with two small kids. We really like Deanna and Manuel. The prices are also very reasonable for an Aveda Salon. It is also nice that Aveda has reduced the chemicals in their products. The salon is very clean and doesn't smell like perm. Also the ventaltion is quite good. The stylist continue to get education and are very meticulous. They do not rush and always get every hair in place. Nothing worse than getting home with a few hairs here and there that did not get cut. Last, but not least I love Michelle. Her manicures and pedicures are lovely. Plus I enjoy our lively traditonal salon conversations.
4	I was attracted to try Salon Embellish after having multiple "hair-raising" experiences with other salons and hairstylists when I saw that Salon Embellish uses Aveda products. I was very impressed with what Serena did with my hair after it had been layered too short and damaged from being over-processed by other stylists.This salon has a positive vibe with a natural and clean fragrance in the air with the Aveda products being used. I highly recommend visiting this salon for the friendly and attentive staff and professionalism.
5	I was looking for a new salon in Phoenix, and reading the great reviews from Yelp of Salon Embellish, I took a chance and made an appointment. First look = salon is hip and clean.  Dionna did my highlights and cut.  I was so pleased.  She took her time with me and did a great job with my color and cut.  I'm planning to go back for sure. Thanks Dionna.  Glad I found you.  Last look = very professional service.If you need a change, visit Salon Embellish.
2	I was very hesitant to write this review because I really enjoyed coming to this salon. The staff is really friendly, good location, and reasonable prices, however after a couple not so great haircuts and then the one I got two weeks ago I feel I need to write it because had I paid closer attention to the reviews I would have gone with a different stylist. I've been to the salon about 5 times and have had my hair colored (which turned out pretty good) but the haircuts have been hit or miss - which usually varied between leaving feeling like my hair wasn't cut at all or was cut too much. I like to bring a picture so the stylist knows exactly what I'm looking for. I did this for my last cut which was taking my hair from mid-back to just below my shoulders. I've had my hair cut short MANY times so this was not a case of a shockingly short cut. The stylist put her own spin on it and decided to add lots of layers (although there were NO layers in the picture). When she first cut the length off I was actually quite happy, but by the time she was done adding layers (for some reason) it was HORRIBLE. I've pulled my hair back in a ponytail every day since. It's the worst haircut I've ever had. When I said something about the layers she didn't really seem to care much and said they were long layers. Again, never asked for or wanted layers. I'm guessing it will take about 6 months to get it to a place I can stand. I'm tempted to just cut it even shorter to get rid of the layers but that is not what I wanted to do and I need to find another salon to have this done. So, in a nutshell, salon seemed great but I wouldn't have Serena cut my hair again or return to the salon.
5	Went this morning to get a long overdue deep tissue massage with Geoffrey, and i would HIGHLY recommend seeing him!Everything was fantastic, and he was very personable as well as an excellent massage therapist! Really appreciated his attention to specific needs and asked several times throughout massage how i was doing. I felt very comfortable and the massage was fantastic!He greeted me after with a bottled water, which is a great little extra, and he was very easy to talk to throughout service!Salon is very clean and attractive, and everyone seemed very friendly!Everything went great, location is close to home, and i will definitely be returning!
5	I've been to several hair places in the valley and hadn't found my niche until I came to Salon Embellish. I called on a Tuesday and was able to set up an appt for Friday with Dionna. She was amazing. I just needed a trim but she was able to give my hair great body and lift too. I haven't had anybody spend that much time on my hair in years and I was her last appt of the day. I will be going back.
5	Salon Embellish is the best! I'm really bummed that it's taken me so long to write a review of them. I've been having my hair done by Dionna pretty regularly over the last 3 years or so, and she's done wonders for me.  I had the same hair color and style for years until I started seeing her. She's pulled years of black dye from my hair, cut and styled it in every way possible, ombre'd it, cut bangs, you name it. I went from being absolutely terrified of change (due to plenty of bad teenage experiences and never really being taught how to style my crazy wavy locks) to changing my hair up every few months because I know Dionna will make it look terrific and minimize any potential damage. I've treated my husband to a massage here, and he was thoroughly impressed with the therapist. My mother and I also came here to have our hair styled for my wedding, and we both loved our hairstyles (which lasted well into the next day). The salon itself is really sleek, bright, clean, and modern. There is always some relaxing, yet upbeat music playing and there's a lot of really great natural light. They use Aveda products (yay!) and have always been on top of scheduling and confirming my appointments. The space itself has been cleverly divided into a 'spa' area and a 'salon' area, which keeps it nice and relaxing-even when all of the chairs are full, it doesn't seem loud or crowded. The entrance/parking is off of 7th street, so keep that in mind during rush hour when there are reverse lanes. I'm so happy I've found Dionna and Salon Embellish!
4	Since this is right next to wear I go to yoga; I decided to give them a try with a $20 off coupon.  I had no trouble getting an appontment that was convenient for me within a week.  Selerna who did my hair has curly hair herself so that put me as ease.  It being an Aveda salon meant it was quality product and sraff.  Selena gave me a terrific razor cut; conditioned my hair and left the conditoner in as she trimmed up the shape.  The result is an adorable curly pixie.  I am very pleased.  The salon staff were all very friendly and the small salo. Was very inviting as well.
4	I absolutely love my stylist Loris!  She never fails to deliver a fantastic haircut or color. I feel totally at ease going to her and telling her what is going on in my life and asking her to make my hair reflect those happenings. Say I wanted a new cut and color for fall. I would feel more than comfortable to go to her and just tell her to do what she thinks will look good and I know without a doubt it will look great, compliment my skin tone and face shape, and that we will have a great time along the way. I'm not coloring on this visit but in the past I've regularly darkened for fall and lightened or highlighted for summer with no issues whatsoever during the transition.  Loris is super fun to work with and great at what she does! She also does a killer job waxing those brows. ;)
