5	We love Aces!!! My wife and I actually met here quite some time ago. I've been going to Aces since it opened, it's our neighborhood bar, and would definitely recommend it to anyone!Kolleen is the bar manager & bartender and is great and awesome in soooo many ways!!! I highly recommend you stop in and have a cold one with the friendly staff of Aces!!!Also, try their food, it's very good. I like the spicy sausage sandwich and the wifey gets their chicken caesar salad and loves it! The pizza's really good too.
3	I thought the service was awesome. The food was great but unfortunately, the environment is smoky. I guess thats what i get for going to a bar
4	Aces is a nice little neighborhood bar.  Pretty cheap prices, especially during happy hour.  They offer a decent selection of beer on tap, and the bartenders pour some pretty stiff drinks.  I've had a few food dishes, and they've all been very good!  Good pizzas and sandwiches for sure.  They offer a dinner special where two people dine for $20.  There is a fairly large seating area in here, and the bar is decent sized too.  All the staff here are very nice, and it's always clean in here.
4	Bartenders are awesome, the atmosphere is almost that of adive bar... pretty clean, havent had the food yet but it looks and smells awesome..check it out!
5	One of the best local bars in town.  Not commercialized yet like many of the other neighborhood bars.  The bartenders are awesome and friendly, and the crowd is always nice.
5	This place is great.  They have a claw machine where you can win a live lobster for $2 which they prepare for you.  A generous happy hour (4pm-7pm & 11pm-2am) where domestic drafts are only $2 and appetizers are half off and a an incredibly friendly staff.  The place is clean, open, the TV are great and they even put the UFC fight on for me when everybody else was watching football.  I will definitely be frequenting this as my "GoTo" neighborhood bar.
5	Stopped in Christmas morning for breakfast. We had the steak and eggs special. The food was delicious. Steak very tender, eggs perfectly cooked. The hash browns had the best flavor. The service was stellar. We will be back.
4	My wife and I came here because she was craving a steak and we were on this side of town.We walked in and seated ourselves at a booth.  The waitress was nice and we got our drink order promptly.My wife ordered the 10oz Ribeye with a potato and vegetables (corn and peas).  I ordered the Cajun Chicken sandwich with fries.  For the appetizer, we ordered the Mozzarella Sticks.Everything was excellent. My wife loved her steak.  The vegetables seemed to come from a can or frozen.Mozzarella sticks were AMAZING.  Came out hot with the sauce.  Quantity was good.My Cajun Chicken sandwich was AWESOME!  It came on two pieces of buttered toast it seemed like, grilled chicken breast, bacon, Cajun sauce and avocado.  I loved it.  It was unique and the chicken wasn't too thick or too small.  The only thing was that it was a little slippery to take a bite out of.  No matter, it was delicious!The server, Kelly, was great.  We enjoyed our visit here and will probably do it again sometime.  It is very hard for me to forget the Cajun Chicken Sandwich.I want it again.
5	Perfectly wonderful place to grab some steak & eggs after midnight. Service was brilliant and he was super nice. The bill was about $6.xx, I think, after everything. Stellar price, I'd think - especially since it was delicious.I'll definitely be back!
1	The place is clean, menu is decent but an employee (apparently the manager?) was belligerantly drunk and running her mouth at the bar.  One drink and done for me, won't be back.  Ethically cannot support that behavior.
4	Great bartenders! Food is surprisingly good for bar food. Always enjoy my time there. A good neighborhood bar.
5	The steak and eggs here are a MUST!I don't recall it being on the menu, and it isn't as cheap as your $4 graveyard specials you find in cafes at the casino. However, the few extra dollars are WORTH IT.When the food came out, I took one sniff, and I was like, "Wow. I can actually smell the steak!" I guess I'm just so used to the steak and eggs at the casino cafes that I forgot how good steak smelt like.  My slab of medium rare meat was cooked to perfection. As much as I wanted to grab the bottle of A1 and douse my steak in it, I had to refuse. The steak was seasoned so well that adding anything to it would have been a crime!Next, we have the hash brown. Nice and crispy on the outside. It's also thin enough so that the crispy texture is consistent throughout, and there aren't some soggy potatoes squashed in the middle.  As for the toast, let's just say they are slightly thicker than your average slice of bread. Toasted to perfection, and with the right flavored jam, it could be a meal in itself! As for the eggs, well. Eggs are just eggs. Can't really go wrong there. =PThe times I've been there, I sat at the dining area. They also have a bar and patio area, but I prefer the dining area. It is less crowded and slightly more quiet. The waiter is really attentative and checks up on you without really interrupting your meal. Thank you Aces! I'll be back before you know it~! =]
4	On the surface, this is just a generic no-name place to watch football and play video poker. I don't expect much from the kitchen. I only go because my husband thinks their Cajun chicken sandwich is the best invention in America. He's given strict orders that he wants this to be his last meal on earth.  But one night the cook came out and talked our ear off about his barbecue sauce recipe. The guy spoke with the level of passion you'd expect from a fine dining chef.  Can't explain why, but it left a lasting impression. Combine that with the fancy fireplace in the "Man Cave", and Ryan Adams on the jukebox, and I'd say that this is one of the better places in town to eat bar food at 3AM.
5	My review is strictly based off of the restaurant portion -- not about their bar or anything. As far as I know, when they have happy hour for drinks, it's mostly just beer and stuff.They have steggs (steak & eggs) all day for $5.99 and it's actually GOOD. Not like the the crappy steggs at Southpoint (although that is cheaper) but quality trumps the cheaper in this case!I've never had a problem with their service. Love the guy that usually serves us, too. They also have happy hour (food) specials from 3-6pm and 11pm-2am daily. Domestic beer $2 & Bloody Mary $3 and they've got some appetizer-type food for $4.99 each.I've yet to try most of their HH food but I did have the nachos and that was such a huge portion!HH Specials: wings n fries, chicken fingers, jalapeno poppers, mozzarella sticks, zucchini sticks, breaded mushrooms, nacho del grande, onion rings, & house salad.It's also close to my house and a perfect place for some late night nomming. :0)
4	We had been here over a year ago and did not have a great experience.  We decided to try it one more time with restaurant.com coupon.  What a difference.  The remodel was great.  What a comfortable setting.  Our waitress Jenny was great and so was the food.  We will be returning.
4	I haven't gone to the bar yet, only the restaurant portion. So this review is just on their restaurant side. Spinach and artichoke dip was okay. It wasn't anything worth noting, I just wasn't feeling like a meal so I got this. My friend told me I should have ordered off the Happy Hour menu, but it wasn't even happy hour yet! So they have Happy Hour from 3-6pm and 11pm-2am daily. Which the foods are about $4.99 on that side, which are mainly appetizers, they're the same size as if you paid the normal price which is awesome! Their steak & eggs are $5.99 all day, it's pretty decent. The quality is definitely better than that of Southpoint and worth it. If you care about quality and want a good deal for steak & eggs, do come here! They actually cook it to order. If you want cheap, well Southpoint has cheap. I do want to try some items off their Happy Hour menu though. I'll update as I go. =]
5	I have been here a handful of times for Happy Hour after work and dinner once or twice after work.  I do recommend it.  GREAT happy hour deals!  All the bartenders I have dealt with are very friendly and attentive.  There is a bar area, a quieter restaurant area and also an area where there are some couches and tables to hang out and play board games or watch one of the multiple tv's in that area.  Nothing special and exciting about this place but a great area for happy hour and just hanging out with a few people.
5	A little hole in the wall bar that's flocked to by a good amount of people. Kolleen is usually behind the bar when I'm there and is a fantastic tender. Why yes, they do have a restaurant attached to it, or it might be the other way around, but whatever works for ya. I was shown this place by my girlfriend and while I've never eaten at the restaurant, this review is mostly about the bar. As for their selection, it's pretty average for the most part. They actually have a good assortment of wine of decent quality. The gaming is pretty regular. Not all the machines are the same, some have different sets of gaming on them. As far as I've seen the machines are usually pretty hot. I've personally never lost any money there, but that's just me. If there's one thing about this place that I like the most, it would be the atmosphere. Friendly, laid back and the service is amazing.
5	Ok, This place now has it all.  Jenny our waitress still fantastic but the new addition of chef Daniel makes this place a must!!!!!!  Hands down the best chicken I have ever had in Vegas and I eat alot of chicken in restaurants.  Please visit this place you will not be disappointed.
5	Food and service are excellent.  Not your typical bar food...it's way better.  Nice atmosphere too. Love their chicken piccata...the omelets are the best in Vegas.
5	Friendly staff, friendly patrons, excellent food, excellent prices! Great place to watch football! I love this local neighborhood bar.
4	First time there was two nights ago. It was around midnight, just got off work, and was ready to unwind close to my house. Bartender was on top of it, hooking up my double Jameson on rocks as I downed them. Haha the machines were hot also. I hit 5/5 in keno. And they have a legit bonus play (?). When you hit something, the bartender brings out the iPad and you click one diamond out of five that shows you a number, I believe. Then you look at a big screen tv and it shows you your bonus pts that convert to free game play money. I won I think a total of $40(?) in addition to my $800. It's a good clientele, very laid back.
4	Great local bar to hang out at. Staff is really friendly and usually on their game with drinks. Hang around a bit and you'll get a couple on the house. Surprisingly good food for any mood your in. Breakfast all day, good burgers and a really good cobb salad if your feeling light. They could kick up the heat on the fingers a bit though. Only request would to be a few more beers on tap. Great spot to grab a drink and a meal though.
5	I love, love, love this place!  I go there for he steaks.   One time a waitress walked out on us, so our food was really late and the manager said it was on the house!  I wish they advertised more, because the restaurant side is always empty and their food and prices our great!  Its the perfect neighborhood bar/restaurant. They treat you like family.  The waitress already knows what we are going to order, drink etc.  Great food and great staff.  There should be more people in here.
5	Best place to eat within 10 miles of this place! I  love it everyone is super friendly the staff now knows my family and always gets our food perfect!
5	Great baatenda from Baaastin. Seriously though, great drinks, great prices and they show the Patriots! Food I've sampled has been ok. I also seem to do ok on their machines.
5	I love this place! It's always nice going next door and getting a nice cold beer. The staff is friendly and amazing. It only took me two times of going there to know my name!
1	My experience at Aces and Ales was very unsatisfactory. First of all, the tables were dirty and sticky from a drink that had spilled. The waiter took forever to wait on us and was extremely confused. I asked for 3 different draft beers that he said they were out of. How do you list beer on a menu and you're out of them? My friend also tried to sit at the bar and was told he could not sit there because it was a "regular's" chair. I wont go back or recommend this business. (no wonder there are so many Groupon coupons).
1	I normally love bar & grills, you can always find great food at decent prices, and really friendly staff.My husband and I were up late and decided to try this place out since it's conveniently down the street from us. We walked in, we were not greeted or acknowledged. We didn't know if we had to sit at the bar or if we could sit in the separate dining area they have. We waited to ask and we were ignored. Never stepping foot into this place again. I'd rather take the drive across town to my normal joints. What a disappointment.
4	This is definitely one of the more "fancy" bars I've been to.Overall, the place was very well-kept. I remember walking in and thinking, "Wow.. This place is really nice." The purpose of our visit was to meet my steggs (steak and eggs) craving. I'm not sure if the workers here are use to greeting upon customers entering, but we did not get that. We managed to figure out that we eat in the second part of the place where all the dining tables are at. (Yay to intuitive thinking, right?) I must add I really loved the dining area. The tables and chairs made it feel more cozier especially with all the TVs hanging around.Anyways.. on to my meal! Probably one of the best hash browns I've had. It didn't take like plastic nor was it burnt like some of the places I've been to. I request for over medium eggs in which I got over easy in return. The steak was pretty good. It's a little on the flatter side, but for $5.99 - what do you expect? It was still very juicy though which is all that wells. Me and my boyfriend asked for medium well and got medium well done in return. It was still delicious though and definitely fulfilled my craving.All in all, we will be back. I enjoyed my meal here and am excited as this place is right across from me!
4	Great patio for dining outside. The service was friendly but the music was dreadful.  The Prime Rib special is great.
3	Normally this place is spot on... That was until tonight. I came in for some food and was met by 3 different people taking my order and forgetting and coming back. Over charged me for my happy hour beer. Shorted me on my change. And unhappy waiter when his tip is shorted. I will come back during the day but not for the 11 pm happy hour when every staff member seems to be on drugs or drunk. Not happy and was glad I didn't invite a friend. And learn the menu! I eat here often, I know what the items are and what comes with them.
5	We LOVE this place. We go here to watch NHL games. We bring our 1 yr old baby and hang out in the "man cave" which has huge comfortable leather couches with 4 big screen tvs. They even provide us with a sound box so we can hear our game. We set the baby up in his high chair and the waitresses are so attentive and nice. They bring him toys and crayons and finger foods. They have a gated patio to let him stretch his legs between periods. The food, ever single item we have ever tried, is great! Like...legit good. Better than any other bar in my opinion. The bar tenders rock. I don't have a single bad thing to say about them. The restaurant seating section is spacious and nice with a bunch of tvs all over the place.
4	Great place to do whatever you feel like doing. Good service with great food. Happy hour from 11pm to 2am with $2 drinks and $4.99 appetizers. The wings, club sandwich and kids cheese pizza are delicious! You can also catch a crab for $2 and they will cook it for you. Great local spot!
2	Service was great and food was good bar grub. Onion rings & club sandwich were both tasty. Horrible beer choices &SMOKEY interior brought this place down.Typical macro beers and maybe one fake micro were only taps.Tried the patio but it was too hot and most drivers taking the corner seem to be trying out for Grand Prix racing team.
5	I recently moved to the area and pass by this place all the time.  I figured I'd give it a try and popped in to check it out for lunch.  The bar had a nice mellow atmosphere, with customers bantering to each other about the various sports games on the monitors.  The bartender immediately came by to take my drink order and give me a menu when one of the bar guests who probably had some money riding on a college football game started screaming when his team gave up the ball.  Along with the other bar goers, the bar tender jeered him in good humor while pouring my Newcastle.  Aces is the kind of place that makes you feel like a regular even if you've never been.  Their beer selection is okay, but the quality of the food is outstanding.  I ordered a Reuben that totally knocked my socks off, it came out quickly, and could go toe to toe with any NYC deli creation.  This was a pleasant experience, between the good food, company, atmosphere, and friendly, not fake-friendly, service.  I will definitely be back!
4	Good food and the staff was friendly. Would of got 5 stars but it was to smokey could have better ventilation.
5	Love this place!!! My favorite thing is the Cajun chicken sandwich. I must have ordered it a dozen times over the course of a year and it has always perfect.  They also have the best French fries ever, always thin crispy and hot.  Ambience is that of a typical bar.  Outside is nice to sit at during the evenings if you don't like the smokey interior.  Some reviewer has mentioned she was never greeted when walking in, and that might happen.  Just take a seat or tell the bartender you're gonna sit and they'll take care of you. Servers are always nice and accommodating. Definitely better food than your typical bar!!!
3	Fun little neighborhood bar. We visited Aces quite a few times because we live in the area. There is a restaurant area to the right when you walk in... separate from the bar area, but you're still going to smell the smoke and hear the noise. With that said, I dont think that this is the type of place to take the family out for dinner.They have a pretty stellar happy hour... $2 domestics and $5 apps/meals (see photos). We got mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers the first time... the chicken fingers and fries were good, nothing fancy. I did appreciate that they cover the chicken fingers in the sauce of your choosing. Fries are pretty thin, think Steak n' Shake. Mozzarella sticks... I will probably never order again. The cheese wasn't melted at all and I hate that. The other times that we have gone, we have sat at the bar. I will make it a point to note that THEY DO NOT SERVE HAPPY HOUR AT THE BAR. I'm not sure why and honestly I think it's silly - especially when their bar is empty. There are plenty of tvs for watching sports or Tosh.O (like we did during our forth visit, ha!) Overall, the establishment is divey, comfortable.One last thing before I go... disregard the website. It is ridiculously outdated. Learn from my mistake. :)
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. We visit regularly as it's close to our house, the food is great and the service is wonderful. Scott is by far one of the friendliest bartenders I've ever come in contact with and the atmosphere is inviting and friendly.
3	We've eaten dinner here three times recently and it's been a delight.  The crew is very helpful, food is good, prices are great.
4	We've eaten dinner here three times recently and it's been a delight.  The crew is very helpful, food is good, prices are great.  We seem to end up having dinner here about once a week.  I've ordered both  the "special" a few times and from the menu and haven't been disappointed.  The service couldn't be better.
5	This is my new spot since I've came to Vegas about a year ago. Definitely not a loud college sports bar which is nice. I like the darker and relaxed environment. When games are on it can get a little loud, but it's absolutely not a BDubs which is a good thing, for my taste anyway (nobody screaming in your ear). They have great food and their prices are more than reasonable. A nicer seating area for the restaurant inside as well as an outdoor seating is a really nice edition to the place for when the weather is right. All of the bartenders are awesome and are very attentive. 5/5
