4	While my experience at the Gym was limited to about one month, I was very impressed with their responsiveness and willingess to work with two newbies.  About 1/2 way through the summer of '09, a co-worker was willing to brave the heat of this basic gym to try and lose some weight.  We got a great deal on personal training, from the owner no less!  Clement was willing to work with our unpredictable work schedules twice a week and put us through the paces.  What started out as a one hour workout quickly expanded into about 1.5 hours of cardio, strength, and boxing conditioning.  Unfortunately, work and vacation de-railed our efforts, but I'm hoping to get back in the gym with Clement in preparation for summer.
2	It was a battle between 2 or 3 stars. I'll start with the good:The price for a membership for this gym is reasonable compared to other boxing gyms that I looked at.  It is two levels, the upper level is a boxing and MMA training area with heavy bags, speed bags and a ring. The bottom level is a weight room.  Now the not so good:When comparing costs, although a membership at this gym is less than its competition, most other gyms include training sessions with their fees, this place did not. I was basically on my own to train myself. They do offer training sessions as a separate fee, however after paying the fees to work with a trainer it is more expensive than most other gyms that include training in their upfront fees. The weight room equipment is very old and limited. Both the upper and lower levels are small in size and at most times in the evenings very crowded. Most of everyone there were very young and seemed to be training on a competitive level. I being just an average guy there to train for fun and fitness didn't fit in. This place has some potential, however I think where it falls short is the lack of interaction I had with trainers. If I wanted to go work out on my own I would join LA Fitness for $25 per month. This place is run by the owner who is also the head trainer and I just think his time is spread pretty thin. Like many masters of their trade, they are great at what they do, but may lack other skills that it takes to run a business. If you are just a regular person who is not looking to train for a professional fight, but would like to use boxing to improve your fitness, you may want to look elsewhere.
1	To the very intelligent person (JM) who also reviewed this business and gave it 5 stars. It is obvious that you either work for Hard Knocks Gym or you were asked by them to counter my review considering you just joined Yelp right after my review posted and you have not reviewed any other businesses. I think it is hilarious that in your own review you confirmed exactly what I said about this place and how it is not tailored for average people who want to use boxing for fun and fitness. Here is what you said "he or she cant handle the challange of mma." Notice I kept the spelling and grammatical errors in there just as you wrote it, smarty pants.You are right, I am not a MMA fighter nor would I like to train to be one. I gave this place a legitimate review based on my experience. I do not expect a boxing gym to have the amenities of a high class country club and the reason I joined in the 1st place was because it is a hole in the wall and I am all about supporting small businesses. However, If wanted to work out on my own I would have joined a normal gym and paid a fraction of what this place charges for membership and training fees combined. PS. In your review you called me stupid, but you spelled it "stupit".  If you are going to call someone stupid you should at least know how to spell the word. Seriously, go to school.
5	Clemens is a great boxing coach and pad/Mit holder.  Gym is super low key and has all the basics any boxing gym needs. If your looking for attention or a personal trainer the n this isn't the place for you. Good place to help develop your coordination and hand speed.
