3	Ok, so, I finally ate at Wanda's.  It is located right near the Chandler Harley Davidson, and its alright.  The seating is really intimate, and rather small.  The largest table in this place is for seating of 4. I didnt care for how small it was, in regards to limited seating.  They do have outdoor seating, but again, they lost points with me for only having tables for either 2 or 4.  What I DO like about it, is that the service was quick, and its not the usual chain resturants like IHOP or Waffle house.  Limited menu, only open a few hours a day (like 7-3) and primarily have a breakfast and lunch menu.
3	Wanda's is a basic Diner with a Mexican twist.  I've eaten here once and it was good enough that I'll be back.  The food was fresh, fast and good.  I had a very basic scrambled eggs with cheese, hash browns with onions, toast and bacon.  This breakfast for me is the yardstick for judging Diners.  The eggs were perfect-not firm and overdone, not the least bit runny.  Toast, bacon, potato's were just right as well.As Amy B said, the space is on the small side and seating is limited.A hands down winner over IHOP, Denny's or any other chain Diner.
3	I've eaten breakfast here a few times and always thought the food and service were good. I think the prices are reasonable. My only complaint is the place is too small. there have been many times the hubby and I go there and there is simply nowhere to sit, so we end up leaving. I wish they would expand the dining area as I would love to eat here more. I hate chain restaurants, but when this place is too crowded I end up at a crappy chain.
3	Not That Wonderful Wanda................I walked into a small and stuffy dining room that was hot and smelled like Grease.........I Left the same way.I did end up staying for a sandwich, since I was starving!I ordered a tuna sandwich (see pics) comes with a pickle and a cookie for $4.99...not bad.Surprisingly the sandwich was quite good the pickle was fresh and crisp too, the cookie.....meh.So even though I liked my lunch I 'm not sure I could go here again just based on the fact that I don't like leaving smelling like a dirty french fry. Maybe they could get a better exhaust system to accommodate me?
2	Went for breakfast. Prices are very affordable and the food is ok. If I were to go back though it would be more to support an independent restaurant over a chain rather than for the food. On the plus side, the vegetables in the omelet were generous even if it wasn't the best omelet I've had for breakfast.
4	Great - inexpensive little diner. It is cozy - but better that than pricey.  If you're the claustrophobic type try eating outside, it's often quicker anyway.  They do stay pretty busy at peak hours, but the wait is never more than a few minutes. The family and I have a weekend breakfast there 1-2 x month and while the food is not fancy or especially memorable, it is good and consistent. So, for the price you really can't go wrong with Wanda's.
3	It wasn't "wonderful" but not awful. Wanda definitely knows how to make biscuits and gravy! (Not many places in AZ do and that makes me a sad-yet-less-fat panda.) I came here on a suggestion for that very reason. Delicious!As for the rest of the menu, it's very inexpensive, and expect what you are paying for. It tastes and looks like most things are cooked in large batches (hashbrowns particularly). The bacon was very thin and salty, and the coffee isn't quite burnt, but tastes like it's been sitting in one of those 5 gallon commercial pots. The building is very small and only seats about 20 inside, if that many. It gets very stuffy and the furnishings are very cheap, so not exactly a great atmosphere. Service was good and fast, and again the biscuits and gravy were done properly and delicious!
2	We only went to this place once and I wasn't very impressed.  We had to wait outside in the hot sun for a table since the restaurant is so small.  The food was nothing exciting and it is not a comfy atmosphere at all.  The only good thing is that the prices are low and I am sure it would be fast service on a weekday since you order at the counter.
5	This place is awesome. Affordable, tasty food.  Simple and clean country environment.
5	Truly a hiden gem in Chandler. Located south of Chandler Boulevard, just off of Roosevelt (next to Archery HeadQuarters). Wanda's is a small yet quaint, twelve tables inside and 5 outside. Outside is for sure seasonal, as summers are too hot and dead of winter can be too cold. Wait times on a Sunday or Saturday can be 10-15 minutes during the "rush times", which is a quarter the wait time you would experiece at the near-by chains. The menu offers a variety to satisfy and hunger (except if you want lunch on weekends, it's breakfast all day, lunch from 11-2 during the week). The burritos are awesome. Ladies, I guarantee you will take half home! My husband likes the Biscuits and Gravy. The bacon is amazing and addicting often I have to smack my families hands away from grooping a piece. French toast, cinnamon raisin french toast and pancakes if you brought your sweet tooth =)   Build your omeltes are good too (tip, add a side of salsa, you won't be sorry, it is made fresh daily and goes perfect with a ham and cheese omelete). Service is exceptionally friendly, a lot of regulars and the servers know what you usually drink and sometimes can have your order written unless you throw a curve ball and veer from your usual. A+ Wanda!
2	The quality of food has gone down.  Very greasy.
4	What a great find, in the land of the chain restaurants. After lots of drinking and gambling, we we're driving around, and thought let's give it a try! I try very hard to support small places like this. And, yes, as mentioned before, the place is very small. Service was excellent. They brought coffee and water right away, and they have flavored creamer. Always a highlight for me. I ordered an omelet w/ham, spinach, mushrooms, and swiss. It was delicious. The hashbrowns came out nice and crispy. Hubby had the cornbeef hash, and it must have been good, because he downed it in no time. Great prices also. Under $20 for the two of us. If I'm ever in the area again, I will be back!!
3	I debated giving this a 2 for the price - it's very OP, but I saw this week you can get coupons in the val pack. It's a cute 'local feel' place - everything tasted fresh and adequate - I enjoyed that the toast from their bread was more than just your soft boring typical toast bread.
3	Grabbing some lunch after archery!We stopped in here for lunch since it is right next store to Archery Headquarters. This place is tiny, has about 8 - 10 tables and a few tables outside.The place was packed and now we know why. They only serve breakfast and lunch. I personally had the Philly Cheese-steak - which was good, wish the cheese was melted more. I didn't feel that the inside of the sandwich was hot. That was a bummer, but it did taste good.Both Heather and Austin had a BLT and the fries. The BLTS' were VERY good! The Fries were the skinny ones and they were very good. Lightly salted which made them even better.Over all this place is good. I will return and try something different next time though.
4	I have been to Wanda's about 4 times since moving here and always enjoyed it.  I wouldn't classify it as an overly greasy , greasy spoon.  I think it's a very comfy place that reminds me of little Mom and Pop's from back east. Since I seem to stick to the breakfast MO... it's been good each time.  They have good diner coffee, nothing exotic, nor was I expecting it.  The waitresses are all very nice, with just the right amount of chattiness to make you feel at home, but not too much.  My breakfast today was a mushroom and cheese omelette + spinach.  My plate of food was huge and very tasty and with Coffee and Tax only $10.  I'll have to stop by here more often.- Mushroom and Swiss Omelette + Spinach
4	No Fish Called WandaBy The RueWhat's there not to like about Wanda's, I have the hot's for that chick LaFonda,Kip rides the bus, doesn't drive a Honda,And Shelby takes a bath with Rhonda.Waitress asked what can she get me,So I went with the Tiajuana turkey,My iced tea was never half empty,When I got back to work I had to pee.My side order was potato salad,This poem is the next big love ballad,Inside it certainly wasn't pallid,Good thing my debit card was valid.My friend went with the southwest chicken club,It came on sourdough and wasn't a sub,They don't serve beer it isn't a pub,Just a good place that makes good grub.I RULE!!
5	I have been here many times over the years since it's close to my work. It's a nice break from some of the other neighborhood offerings. I generally like to treat myself to a breakfast burrito on the days when I have to go to work extra early since they open around the time I start getting hungry for food. These things are heaven in a tortilla. Absolutely love them. I always get the original with potato, egg, bacon and cheese. Thankfully today is an early day and I am headed over in a couple of hours to get one.
3	Cool little find. Average food but awesome servers and friendly environment draw you in. I noticed nobody even needed a menu lol. They were all greeted by name and asked if they wanted their "usual". Family feel for sure :)
1	I decided to try Wonderful Wanda's after Keegan's redid their breakfast menu and changed it for the worse. My first impression was that the dining room was extremely small and crowded. I then faced an even more unpleasant surprise when I had to go to the bathroom and realized that I would have to walk through the middle of the kitchen to get to it. The bathroom was about the size of a closet and pretty dirty. The service and the food did not do anything to improve my opinion of the restaurant. The service was slow and disorganized-- I watched my food sit on the counter for a good five minutes before the waitress brought it over, and when she finally did, it was barely warm anymore. The food itself was pretty mediocre. I will not be back again.
5	Excellent food , however,  I wished the corned beef was homemade and not from a can. My friend had the Denver omelet which he says was first rate!
2	Great service, but everthing else was just ok. I had the pancakes, which were huge and tasted like they were made 2 days ago. My family agreed that I make better ones. My son had the French Toast - he didn't like it. The restaurant is very small but cozy and family friendly. Too bad the food was just average and there are other better choices around.
4	My family and I go every Sunday after Church and we love this place. In the world of chains like Ihop and The Good egg with their grumpy servers and mundane food, this place is a welcome change. Yes, the place is small and the bathroom is tiny and behind the kitchen (really, who cares, I don't come for the toilet) - biscuits and gravy are great and the servers are efficient and friendly. Never had a bad breakfast there.
5	One of my all time favorite breakfast places!  When we lived in Chandler (miss you so much) we used to go to Wanda's before Archery lessons right next door.  Great breakfast menu and a wonderfully friendly staff.  Its always good to have a home town breakfast eatery and for us Wanda's will always be it!  Stop by and sit outside.  Wonderful is a great word for this place.  I've had everything on the Breakfast menu and its all good.  Outstanding coffee too!
3	Wanda's is OK. Being a small independent diner, they have a lot of breakfast options, and at very reasonable prices. I pass it each day I go bowling, when its closed. I have never been on this side of town when they are open until yesterday. This is the review for a Sunday brunch at Wanda's:~Fud/Drink~I went with family, who love to eat breakfast the traditional way, with a lot of eggs and carbs. Their dishes were huge, and they were satisfied. I asked if they had any complaints, because I needed their perspective, and their was not a peep from them. So this spot is awesome for generic omelets and pancake options on the cheap...BUT, as for me, I choose to eat healthy...This, of course, back-fired on me. They only had one reasonably healthy option on the menu, oatmeal. That's it. I kinda figured that would be the case, why would they have healthy options when it was just waste in their fridge? I asked for the Oatmeal and a side of egg whites. I asked for TWO egg whites scrambled. But, what I got was a shriveled piece of something on a plate. Four bites and it was gone. I was not thrilled, I expected at least a little bit more on the plate... As for the Oatmeal I ordered, it was generic, as was the shriveled egg whites. It tasted good, the nuts they gave me however tasted old, I did not use them. They are a breakfast/lunch diner, and in being this, do not serve alcohol, that's a give in. My family told me the coffee was very tasty for a small joint, they would all come back to eat here again if in the area. I would listen to them, it is a nice option for a traditional American Breakfast. ~Atmosphere/Service~The waitstaff make this place a great destination. were quick to get the food out, and were personable when coming back to check in. Despite being a full house, they were diligent in check back in with us. You can tell they care, the waitresses all had smiles on their faces as they came around filling coffee cups and handing out dishes. You come to expect that at a mom & pop spot, good customer service. As for the atmosphere, its the usual set-up for a small indy diner, a small space with a few tables and outside options. Not much decor, which is fine. ~Extras/Rating~ If you like breakfast and are in the Chandler area, there are a number of spots to eat at. They get get crowded quickly, and most locals know that Wanda's is just down the road. I highly recommend it for the average person wanting a cheap breakfast in the area. Don't stop in if you are on a diet. I enjoyed my time with the family, but unless I am in the area and really hankering an omelet its not my kind of spot. The food is cheap and the plates are tasty and large. Support local, eat local! Skip the IHOP's and try Wanda's out. At least you know you will be treated better. Average food gets average ratings, but a solid 3 stars go out primarily to waitresses who did a good job!
3	NOT CORPORATESimple menu, Simple pricesNice service, clean little place, Patio service This is my new Sat morning hang-out to meet the gal pals!  Easy in. Easy out. Nice pot of coffee on the table.  I DO WISH they would decide to make homemade corned beef hash. Fresh fluffy eggs (not greasy).
5	We found this little place by accident.  OMG the food was so good and exactly what we were looking for in a hearty breakfast.  Next time we'll try going for lunch.
1	My office co-workers and I have been going to Wanda's every single Wednesday morning since 2008. All 6 of us stopped last week, after 5 years, because the service has gotten ridiculously bad.Wanda's goes through employees very quickly, because, from what we've been told by a number of waitresses, the owner is a complete jerk. The newest round of employees, probably disgruntled, do not even try.You'll never get a refill on your coffee, iced tea, or soda. What makes this ridiculous is the place is so small and never busy. The wait staff mostly sits in the kitchen, and many times recently I've had to go back there to find them to get a refill.Wish we could still go there, but instead we've switched to U.S. Egg down the street.
3	Went in for a late breakfast. Had a hard time getting a coffee refill. Omelette was pretty good. Hash browns were nasty. Almost a two but I will round up today.
5	I have been to this place several times before , always good service and friendly waitress . The food that we had ordered was fast and wonderful tasting . Great place to eat at !!!:):)
5	I haven't yelped in a long time but my experience this morning was so great, that I have to. My boyfriend and I are house sitting this weekend in the neighborhood and so we wanted to find a local breakfast place this morning. I checked my Yelp app to see what was around and this showed up.The staff was phenomenal. The inside is kinda small and was pretty loud (it was busy) so we sat outside. We interacted with three different staff members (1 who sat us inside, the waitress who would have been waiting on us had we kept our table inside and then our waitress when we moved to an outside table). All were friendly and had smiles on their faces. Genuine smiles. The menu was wonderful and everything sounded great. The salsa is made fresh daily and it was to die for so if you can get something that comes with the salsa, do it.One breakfast burrito, a side of sausage, eggs Benedict w/bacon and two cups of coffee was only $21. Great prices, great staff, amazing food.Even though we live downtown Phoenix, we will be coming back to Wanda's!!
4	I've seen this place forever but never had time to check it out. I love simple solid roadside greasy spoon style eats and this place did not disappoint. Staff was pleasant and efficient serving up working folks style eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy done right, in a pleasant no frills yet comfy setting. Clientele ran the gamut from drywall guys, a couple lawyer looking dudes to two moms with a baby. Also love that it's not a chain as I am always partial to supporting local mom and pop ventures. Reminds me of those middle of no where places you might find along Route 66 or something. And in my book it all adds up to two big thumbs up for  Wanda's.
5	Great little breakfast spot! It's small and cozy. Quick service and the kitchen churns out good food very quickly. The corned beef hash was amazing and my eggs were perfect. Highly recommend if your looking for an awesome small business breakfast joint!
5	Love this place small, simple and good food the best deal is their omelette   Friendly staff and it's locally owned.
4	The food was very very good. I had eggs and bacon and the bf had the big breakfast.  Eggs cooked perfectly and was filling. We did have slow service but we had a server who was brand new. 2 days in. Over all pretty good.
2	The breakfast (ham & cheese omelet) was the best, but the service was not the best. The toast was cold, my wifes blueberry pancake wad terrible.
5	I love this place! The staff is amazing and always makes you feel at home. I'm obsessed with their breakfast burritos. And the biscuits and gravy? Amazing!
1	We've lived in the area for four years now and finally decided to try this place out this morning. The wait took a while, which we get, it's Father's Day. However, once we got seated, it became the most stressful breakfast I've ever encountered. One of the waitstaff was literally running around like a chicken with her head cut off, barking orders at the other staff who were doing their best at keeping up with the throng of people there to enjoy breakfast. One of my sons (6 years old) doesn't like breakfast food, so when he attempted to order chicken tenders, and we were told (by the barky waitress) that the fryers weren't on and he could only have breakfast, we totally understood. Makes sense! I attempted to order him a grilled cheese as it doesn't require a fryer, and she downright refused and left our table, saying "figure it out"! My son is really upset at his point because he's hungry and tired from waiting, and they can't seem to make him a grilled cheese. I have a feeling if I'd ordered him a "breakfast sandwich on toast with only cheese" it wouldn't have been a problem, but for some reason, a grilled cheese for a six year old was too much to ask. He ended up eating toast, and I made him a grilled cheese when we got home. We ordered an Eggs Benedict (pretty good, not nearly the best I've had) and husband ordered a burrito (we could have made the equivalent at home, just as well). The other woman who brought our food was very delightful, nice and accommodating to the best she could be. While there, I observed a family (also with a very young child, about 2) who was brought their food, and spent about four minutes trying to gain the attention from anyone working (all the while, everyone avoided making eye contact with this family) there because they did not have utensils to eat with. The woman from that table eventually got up and went to the back to ask someone for silverware. We love supporting small businesses and are always looking for new ones to try out, but unfortunately, this one, we will not be returning to.
1	No bueno, nothing to write home about. I prefer US EGG or good egg . Had Biscuit and gravy , and it was ok. Inquired about corn beef hash and it's from a Flippin can.
5	This place rocks!
4	If you're looking for some home cooking this is the place to go. Locally owned and operated Wonderful Wands's is just that, wonderful. The staff is friendly and efficient and are willing to accommodate any changes to your order. I have come here for lunch and usually call ahead to have burritos ready before heading into the office. The food is savory and tastes just like grandma made. I especially like coming here for lunch because there is never a wait, the prices are affordable and service is quick. Great little hole in the wall spot that will soon become your favorite place
5	I stopped at Wandas Yesterday....and AGAIN this morning! I live down the street and always wondered about this place. Its a small unique, quaint,clean place. The food was great and the service was even better. There were 2 waitresses and they were both fantastic!! I will definitely be back!!!
5	This place is awesome!! If you want some good old fashioned breakfast food at decent prices stop here. All of the good was tasty, the service is amazing, and everyone is friendly. What more could you want? Keep in mind this places gets super busy on the weekends!
1	Usually service and food are very good. This morning they were a little crowded and no room for 3. We said we would wait outside for a table. They sat 2 other groups. We went back inside and there was no room. We said we were going elsewhere as it was appearant they were not interested in our business. Denny's sat us right away and the food was better anyway.
3	Don't get offended Wanda...but you're kind of a greasy spoon type of place. I usually love these types of places so it's not really a bad thing. Small dining area so you may experience a wait on a weekend. The biscuits and gravy had an odd flavor to me. I always expect restaurant gravy to taste like my dad's gravy from the cast iron skillet and it rarely does. The sausage patties I sampled from the BF's meal were great! I'll give you another try Wanda...if I'm in the area and hungry but probably won't travel out of my way. Sorry.
4	Small little place down to earth quiet setting awesome biscuits and gravy you have to come before 11 or you won't get breakfast
5	We LOVE Wonderful Wanda's. The menu has tons of yummy options. Our waitress was wonderful and made me an Iced coffee even with it not being an option. (I got one to go for free as well.) Our meals came out quick and were soooo yummy! We will definitely be back.
4	I ordered the Eggs Benedict at Wanda's and it was very flavorful. The downside was that the egg was fried and no poached. The service was very good and the people were friendly! Definitely a place worth checking out. I was referred by someone from the DMV.
4	Fast service and excellent food. It's not over done meaning the portion sizes were perfect. The corned beef hash gets two thumbs up. The eggs Benedict was perfect as it wasn't drowning in hollandaise sauce. Great breakfast without being stuffed. We will be back!
