5	Bill and Mark are great. Their merchandise is interesting and always in excellent condition. If you like vintage check it out.
4	I was curious about this place. This past "First Friday" I got my chance to see it. Huge collection of furniture and other items from the past eras- 1950s, 1960s, and the 1970s (majority). It was like taking a stroll down memory lane- my mom had some of the same type of furniture (brown side tables with two levels) and that (coffee) table top cluster of deep copper brown globes with leaves and short vines- what the heck is that anyway? I'm sure interior designers know the actual name of this piece. My friend liked a lamp that was priced at $150. I really liked some chairs- I've got art deco era cocktail/vanity chairs myself (love them and possibly looking for more, but don't tell my husband that). The crystal chandeliers were opulent- very grand for a foyer or formal dining room. I saw sofas and bar carts besides vases and framed art work. Also, there were a few items in a display box at the cashier station. The items were in great condition and were cleaned- no dust. It was arranged very well in a single long space and the items were displayed to show off the best features. One interesting display was a complete kitchen cabinetry that looked to be from the 1950s- yes, it was time warp. (Some places just dump everything into an ugly hoarding mess- immediately instituting a feeling of claustrophobia.) I agree with one reviewer about this being a great source for a movie house. Very interesting and fun to check out the vintage furniture.
4	Wow, this place is great! Such unique retro stuff. Not your typical ratty junk you see at a lot of places. I did spot a lot of things that were just jaw-dropping and I will firmly reccomend this spot to anyone who likes those vintage household rare finds!
5	Mid Century furnishings at it's best. This place is chock full of very well preserved classic art, furniture, casino ashtrays, tables, chairs, etc. Retro Vegas is clean, prices are fair, and the staff is helpful without being pushy. Thier ever changing inventory makes this place a worthwhile stop over and over again. An absolute gem!
5	Great selection of well preserved mid century home furnishings. There is a lot to go through but lots of interesting, classic pieces. If you are looking for something special this is the place to be. The gentlemen working are great, they let you browse freely and when you are ready to buy they are easy to work with and friendly. A must stop if you are looking for something specific vintage or just need some inspiration.
5	Walking around the Art District is what I imagine a ghost town would be like. Except instead of your random cowboy you have your everyday hipster. And in that little ghost town you will find a lovely little pink shop. Welcome to Retro Vegas. Take a blast to the past when you walk inside this Antique shop. Full of furniture, light fixtures, kitchen ware and moreDating from the 1950s -1970s. The best part? Nothing is too over priced & everything is in great condition. Tip:Try and talk to the guy at the counter. He is always down to negotiate & canGive you a retro Vegas story or two.
4	Retro Vegas is a really great shop....   Its like stepping back in time..  They have some great furniture pieces along with lots of vintage items to pick from.....  You will like this shop.... really a very cool place.  I found a set of crystal glasses that were from france that I just love....
5	I've died and gone to heaven. This is a great shop with an amazing selection of 50s furnishings and home decor. Pieces are in excellent condition and really well priced. Make sure to check out the complete pink kitchen they have in the corner...pulled out complete from a home remodel.
4	This is a great little place to find interesting unique furniture & decor. Really, some of the items you will not see anywhere else. Some is tacky fabulous and some beautiful. I like the upstairs area, it feels like a Raiders of the Lost Arc treasure trove, IF, Harrison Ford was an historian in the Vegas Lounge Lizard era. It is great.
4	This store is completely amazing and completely out of my price range. Walking in is absolute torture! If you have a good amount of cash to spend on the perfect piece of furniture for that specific purpose, I say go for it! Everything in here is perfectly picked. If you have the time to scour thrift stores though, that's the route I'd take. I'm just thrifty that way. But just because it's out of my price range doesn't mean it's not within yours.
5	Retro Vegas is a massive warehouse of retro stuff-i-osity and more.Rebecca's 5 Point Rating Scale (1-not-so-great and 5-fabulous):Store Size / Inventory - 5 (Big warehouse style place filled with a variety of smalls and bigs. They have odds and ends like records as well as high end furniture pieces.)Merchandise Quality  - 4 (Retro's merchandise runs the gamut from high end to low end to everything in between. It isn't necessarily consistent, but more like an exciting adventure of retro discovery.)Organization - 5 (All items are arranged well and not simply thrown about randomly. You can browse around easily.)Pricing - 5 (Again very good pricing. Because there is more of a variety in Retro Vegas, you can find things to match any desired price range.)Service - 5 ( Marc was extremely helpful, pointed things out, and showed me the yard. Super nice guy and easy to talk to.)Total Rating is 5 (out of 5 stars)The inventory runs the gamut. It is a wonderful mish mash of all things retro. Now for the "and more" . . . Retro Vegas has an EXTENSIVE collection of Vegas casino memorabilia. Yee- haw! I asked owner Marc how this amazing store came about. He paused and smiled just a little bit. "Hobby gone bad." Ahhhh -- we can all relate.Full review and photos:http://midcenturymodernremodel.com/2013/01/retro-vegas-vintage-roundup-nmv-and-pinterest.html
4	Now, THIS is the store all other antique stores on the block should aspire to be. I realize they all can't have the floor space this one does, but what makes this spot easy to navigate is their layout of product. Everything is presented in such a way that you can plainly see what they're selling. Now, I know that seems like an obvious tactic to draw in shoppers, but if you've been to other locations on this block you know it looks like a monster ate one of their stores and then vomited it back up in the same spot. Their pricing is mostly reasonable, if not slightly higher than I'd like to be paying. Oddly enough, almost every cool, larger item we found was $800. That must be the magic number here. There is some really killer stuff in here, though. I found a retractable long-neck floor lamp that I almost insisted we buy until I noticed it was $1500. Since vintage is so hot these days, I would imagine some of these things may have been cheaper a few years ago when this nostalgic wave wasn't at such a high. In the end, we walked out with a psychedelic mushroom serving tray for $15. It's certainly worth a visit to stop in here, just be prepared for a little sticker shock.
5	Was my first attempt at antique shopping... The owners were very helpful and friendly, found just what I was looking for. Has a great outdoor area with all sorts of good finds!
4	The store is tiny and the items found inside are ok. The staff seem helpful and professional. I went in looked around it took every bit of ten minutes. And then I was on my way. Will I return sure I will.
5	This is an AWESOME store! He has some really great Mid-Century pieces and a ton of other really good "las Vegas" style stuff. I love this place, and always do a walk through when in the area!
5	UPDATE on Retro Vegas-- great new location, even more cool merchandise... love that pink kitchen!
4	Perfect vintage store for Vegas. I find most items here about 20% overpriced, but the owner probably knows his/her market better than I. Along South Main, this is one of the better stores, and there's a lot to see.It's about 50% kitsch/Vegas and 50% amazing midcentury/vintage in good to excellent condition. I would definitely return, and I recommend including it on a stop in the antiques district downtown.
