4	First time here. A Pretty good selection of quick lunch meals UNDER $5!! I had a Manapua, which is a steamed bun filled with a chicken mixture.  It was delicious.  I also got the Aloha Chicken Katsu plate.  Their plate lunches come with a side of rice, and your choice of salad (mac, potato, or tossed greens).  Also last i heard, they're looking for a Griller, so if you know someone ;-)
4	we've been jonesin for hawaiian food since we got back from maui last month.  new restaurant in town and a coupon and a friday night means a night out.  the place was empty or emptying out which is never a good sign and there's a wait for your food- because they cook it fresh!  it was very good.  good portions and it hit the spot.  we were very happy.  now, here's some constructive criticism- they need a little more hawaiian "flavor" there- maybe music or surf videos or even beach smelling candles.  hey, maybe they can pull off tiki torches in the parking lot!  now here's my shout out.  WHY is this place empty on a friday night?  i hate seeing good places going unappreciated.  this location is at the corner of thousands of homes and besides mcdonalds and dunkin donuts and a few hole in the wall joints, there's not much dining selection in the area.  i know times are tough, but plenty of you are shelling out money to go get the same old junk food.  you people of pecan creek and taylor ranch and wayne ranch and castlegate and encanterra need to support your local businesses- and it's good for you!  if this place sucked i wouldn't be saying this, so just remember, if this place goes out of business and you never get a chance to eat there, then you're missing out.
4	This is a good Hawaiian grill! The macaroni salad is the best around. Support your local businesses people! This is the best restaurant I've been to in this area.
4	This place really was great!  I agree with the prior poster that it is a shame the residents in this community to not support local restaurants that keep going in and out of the shopping center!!!I ordered the butterfly shrimp.  The flavor was fresh and flavorful.  Crisp breading and the rice was cooked perfect.  I also got an order of Lumpia and they were fantastic!  Crispy mini eggroll style with yummy filling.  I have tried other hawaiian restaurants like Ono Hawaiian, and wanted to vomit!  This is so much better!!!!
5	Fantastic food! My family and I eat here several times a month. Highly recommend the Aloha Chicken Plate
4	First time trying this place out...ordered the Aloha Chicken! :-) The food was pretty good...although I have had macaroni salad from a Hawaiian place out of state that I liked better, but can't complain for this being right up the road! The meat was very tasty and flavorful!
4	Food was good, if she cooked it all i wouldve been impressed. This deserves more people. Support your local spots.   You won't regret it!
5	My family loves this place! The food is always fresh and cooked to order.The best hawaiian bbq I have had in the valley. I have such a hard time deciding what to order when I go because everything I have tried is so good. Now we decided it is best to order combinations. Everyone in our family order a diffrrent one and share it. :-) The first time we ate here we liked it so much we were back the next day.The chicken bbq, and bbq pork I think might be my favorite. However, then...I have to have the adobo too. The only thing I have not tried yet is the fish. That is next.  I think prices are very reasonable.Service is excellent. So nice and friendly there. They even offer catering or pick up tray orders so you can plan your next party. We are planning on this for our next party.I really hope this place stays because I love it. So tired of seeing things I like come and go in the san Tan Valley/Queen Creek area. Come on everyone start supporting family owned business! We want them to stay!
5	Wonderful little local restaurant...a must try! Clean and friendly! Great value and even greater food! Aloha!!!!
5	Great food, great prices- the whole family loved it! We will be dining there more often! They deliver within a 5 mile radius!
5	My wife and I love this little place. The Aloha chicken - simply mouth-watering Aloha flavored short ribs - phenomenal  Macaroni salad - I contemplated buying a bucket of, instead I was shot down due to a 48 hour notice rule. The Boulgogi (steak with sweet Aloha sauce) - is irresistibleManapua - The wife's favorite!   The Aloha shrimp - taste like they have been caught at a tropical island. Aloha Steak a la Pobre - Has about double the garlic needed for a well seasoned steak, but you can't win them all! Delivery is available within a 5 mi. radius, but only on certain days of the week.
2	I really wanted to LOVE this place because of all the good reviews here and because of the reviews is why we went there tonight. Sometimes I wonder if relatives give these places the 4-5 star reviews. I will say the place was clean and tidy and the counter girl was pleasant. I don't like cafeteria style restaurants, especially at $12.00 a plate. Only thing good about an order yourself place is I don't tip. I ordered the BBQ pork and it was bbq'd right to the skewer so I had to eat it with my hands. It was over cooked, rubbery and way to thin. However, it did have a good flavor. The macaroni salad was very good and they were happy to replace the rice with a green salad at no extra cost.  The short ribs were very tough and cut thin, again the flavor was good. The coconut shrimp tasted like it was just ordinary frozen restaurant fare, nothing special. I really wanted to like this place as we need more family run places and not chain eateries. We were there from 5:30 to 6:30 and we were the only ones in the place the whole time. Too bad. Oh yeah, it took a long time to get our food being we were the only patrons . I may try it again and order the chicken.
4	While searching for a place that delivers I came across Aloha Grill. It's family owned, they deliver only on Friday and Saturdays but I decided that we needed to check it out. STV is inundated with chain restaurants so any opportunity to eat family owned I'm there. The restaurant is tucked away in a shopping center, it's bright and clean. There was only one employee working, she was sweet, very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. We ordered 2 combo plates, I got katsu chicken, aloha boulgogi and macaroni salad. My hubs got the aloha chicken and katsu as well. The chicken was moist and the katsu crust was crunchy, perfect. The sauce had to be homemade, it was very tasty. The aloha boulgogi was fantastic. It's a thin steak in teriyaki sauce. That was a first for me trying that dish, I will definitely order it again. I sampled the aloha chicken from my hubs plate, the teriyaki was flavorful and the chicken was moist. this is a big deal to me, chicken is so often dry in restaurants, I will always give kudos to a place that can cook it well. We also ordered lumpia. I love love love love lumpia, and haven't been able to find it in STV or east valley. They were skinny and had less filling that I'm used to but they were still very good and tasted authentic to this white girl from so cal. The macaroni salad was fresh and creamy. Yes, we did wait a bit longer for our food, but the girl working was by herself. She cooked, waited and was taking phone orders. I will wait a bit longer for fresh quality food and friendly service. I think we should all try this place at least once before you drive up to Ono. It's family owned, we need to support our little community and hopefully keep it from being just another area full of chains and big corporate fast food!
3	My husband is a fan of Hawaiian food, so I decided to give this restaurant a chance. We stopped in during lunch on a weekday, and only one other table was occupied. The decor is not astounding, but they do have televisions which was playing Surf's Up at the time. I thought that was a really fun touch! The girl at the counter was very nice, although it did take a couple minutes to get service. It seems as though she is the only one working, which was ok as there were not many people dining in at the time.I ordered the Aloha chicken. At the time I did not realize that it was dark meat. I am not sure if I misread the menu, or it was not clearly stated. I may been wrong to assume it was white meat. That was a huge disappointment. When it arrived it was overcooked. The sauce was ok, but I could not get past the charred pieces. That is where Aloha Grill lost points. I chose to have two sides of steamed rice instead of macaroni salad. The rice was perfectly cooked. It also came with half an orange which I found refreshing.My recommendation is that you ask about anything on the menu that is not clearly stated. It was an ok experience, and I would be willing to try it again.
2	Chicken was cold on aloha plate for takeout. Lunch portions are too small. Mac Salad is good though. Price doesn't justify quality and taste. Moki's in mesa is worth the drive/time if you're going to spend money.
1	Went out to try this place out today. Pulled the door handle and the door was locked. Peeked inside, the half of the ceiling lights were on and the tables were in dissaray and without a chair insite. More than likely this place went out of business.
1	When we walked in we were the only ones there and the person working didn't have a  great understanding of the menu. Our food took a long time to come out and when we got it the food didn't seem to the highest quality and was overly sweet like we were eating syrup or dessert I wouldn't recommend it.
