4	They have MADELEINES!!!!! I love these things and have not been get them at the 4 other Starbucks I go to. Until now.
4	This review is for the Starbucks INSIDE Target at Decatur & 215, most people think this is the Starbucks on the other side of the freeway but is not.     Pretty decent service, huge plus that it's inside of a Target, super convienent for me for sure. Some times when it's slower in the store there wont be an employee around so you have to wait a little, but the store continues to get busier so that is becoming less of a problem. Everything else is awesome, I love to people watch from the seating area that looks out the window in the parking lot and can see the people walking in and out the front doors. Also, if you have the Target REDcard, your 5% discount applies to Starbucks too! I was so freakin' excited when I realized that!
5	This is the Starbucks inside of Target! They are clean and quick and they never have long lines. I like coming here after shopping because it's relaxing and quiet amidst the sound of beeping from the checkout lanes! My drinks were always on par here, I have never had anything wrong with my Starbucks from this location. Usually I go in the morning-ish so it's not that crowded and I can stop by Sbux to get a pick-me-up so that I will stay awake and alert for the rest of the day. My absolute go-to drink is Java-chip! It is chocolate and coffee and just sweet, sugary heaven!
3	Convenient location for me, so I frequent here often, but have to admit this location has spotty service.  The wait inside and through the drive through us ridiculous at times.  I can't rate this location like many other Starbucks I frequent....I'm a gold toten' member....because the service isn't consistent enough.
1	Sad to see that this Starbucks has become so big that they are anti-competitive. 05/25/14 7:00 PM asked for a pound of fresh grind coffee 1/2 decaf and 1/2 Pikes Place and was told that their new register will no longer ring 1/2 ponders nor can they ring up the two an 1 pound. So they have lost me for life and glad to see Winco was just down the street where I was able to grind my own for half the price at $6.00 a pound.
3	This is the Starbucks located inside Target. It's great to have a little pick-me-up while shopping (they offer cup holders for your cart) but not really equipped to sit and enjoy your joe. Limited seating and shopping carts everywhere, it takes the joy out of trying to relax for a few minutes. It's more like an "express" Starbucks. Service here is just ok. They've been rude but the baristas don't seem very friendly and they're a tad slow on making drinks and acknowledging customers. 3 Star Starbucks.
