4	Take advantage of their special through yelp to get 20 dollars off of your first treatment.  This place is a great place to get a massage without the high prices of a full high end luxury spa.  The massage therapists did a great job to pamper the wife and I... and if we actually lived locally, we'd probably take advantage of their monthly membership program to get discounts on our treatments.  This place delivered as advertised with a great deep tissue massage to take away all the deep knots.
4	I heard of Elements on Shea through Arizona Spa Girls a while ago but had never been there before. When I was in dire need of a massage last night (around 4:30pm), I decided to call and see if they had any openings at all. When I called they were incredibly professional and kind and were able to fit both me and my boyfriend in for appointments at 7pm. So convenient and helpful!We arrived a few minutes early to fill out some first-timer paperwork, and were very impressed immediately by the cleanliness and tranquility of this beautiful little shop. We both received 55-min. massages at the introductory $59 rate and were more than relaxed when we left. Definitely one of the best massages I've had in a while! We'll definitely be back again soon!
5	I have been to Elements several times and always had a very nice experience.  I've never written a review but this time I just had to.  I've had hundreds of massages at various resorts and spas all over the place and have never had such a good experience as I recently did at Elements.  I had the pleasure of having a massage by Celesst.  She was hands down the best massage therapist I have ever had.  If you're an athlete who likes firm pressure to work out kinks and knots from exercising I challenge you to find someone as amazing as Celesst.  I don't think I'll ever get a massage from someone else.  It was pure heaven!
4	It was wonderfully relaxing, Clean and staff was very professional and kind.
5	One of the most amazing massages... I'm yet to try their hot stone massage but Elements basic 55min massage should leave anyone amazingly relaxed.I would strongly recommend.
5	Elements on Shea gives the most amazing massages I have every received.  I get massages quite frequently.  I was tired of going to places where I got backrubs rather than true deep massages.  I've seen multiple therapists at Elements and I am constantly amazed at their knowledge and skill.  I've tried Jennifer, Dave, Emily, Jesse, Chad and would recommend them all.  They give a great deep massage and each have their own technique and specialties that help work out a different spot. These therapists have  great skill and experience compared to some of the other places I've been around town.  After a while, I became a member and now get regular massages for $59.  Just can't beat that for a consistently great massage and great relaxing overall experience!
5	This place is awesome! All the therapists are great but last week I went in and received a massage from Emily. I went in with chronic shoulder pain and left feeling amazing. She is great for a deep/clinical yet relaxing massage! I highly recommend this place!!
5	The customer service here was excellent, the atmosphere was great, and the massage was almost perfect, I wouldn't change anything, I just assume that something on earth could have been better but I haven't had it yet. I'm very pleased and would totally come back if I didn't live so far away.
5	I hurt my lower back 6 days before I was going on a ski vacation.  All the ibuprofen and babying was not getting rid of the pain.  I was desperate for help and this place was the only place I could get a massage at the last minute.  What a find!  Jessica worked on my lower back for the entire 55 minutes and with her advice, I went home a soaked in Epson salt bath.  By the next day my back was 75% better and by Saturday, I was out skiing.  I will definitely go back.  The front office staff was so polite and the massage was AWESOME! They are also very reasonably priced!
5	I am not a big fan of franchises at all but I have to report that I've been extremely satisfied with the service I have received at this Elements location.  I have three jobs, all of which are physically demanding and I am in some sort of pain or discomfort regularly.  I don't often get massages because they can be pricey and I have become somewhat used to being in discomfort but one day my husband suggested I visit Elements, so off I went.  My therapist was Celeste and I had an 80 minute massage.  Boy, was I in bad shape!  What impressed me the most about Celeste was that I felt like I truly had a FULL body massage.  In the past, it would always seem like therapists would get stuck on one area, like my back, and the rest would just receive minimal attention.   I also never really noticed a true physical change in the days after.  With this massage, not only did I feel like Celeste managed her time well, I also noticed that I was able to go down stairs with more ease, something I have been struggling with for a few years now (I'm 29 but I look like I'm 80 when I go down stairs.)  I didn't mention to Celeste that this was even a problem because I did not think it was an issue massage could help with. Whatever she did helped loosen up the muscles in my legs enough that I noticed a difference.  She also did some stretches on me that I've never had done before which helped my back pain tremendously.  I have been back since the first time and she was excellent then as well.I signed up for their package because the massage was excellent and it was at a very decent price.  I do hope they pay their therapists well.  It is a bit franchise-y looking- ie. not a ton of personality as far as the environment is concerned. However, the staff has been friendly and the it seems to be very clean as well. The staff also was not pushy in regards to their package either, which I appreciate.  Highly recommended!
5	I have never been so impressed Lindsey was amazing, it had been my first time and I am now a member because of her! BEST MASSAGE EVER! Highly recommend this place and Lindsey to be your first choice! Great atmosphere and front desk team!!
5	I called to schedule a massage and expressed my desire to find a new massage therapist, not just a massage.  I explained to the lady who answered the phone that I had had an extremely bad experience at another massage location and she took the time to make sure that my experience at Elements was going to be customized to my preferences.  She asked me about pressure preference, personality, etc so that she could match me with a therapist.  I am very excited about my upcoming massage - this group really seems to have "it" going on!
5	I really enjoyed my experience at this Elements. Customer service was excellent from the time I checked in. My therapist, Oasee, was very professional and you can tell she is a well trained masseur. I will definitely come back.
5	Very nice spa and they did an excellent job on my hot stone massage.  Highly recommend this place!
5	I visit Scottsdale a few times a year and have been looking for a great place for massage - I have found it! The environment is professional, clean and calming and my therapist, Warren, was fabulous. I have chronic back issues and he did a wonderful job - he listened to my issues and massaged accordingly...ahhh...I also made appointments for my daughter and husband, and when scheduling, the receptionist asked thorough questions to ensure that we would all be matched up with the right therapist. I will be back during this visit to Scottsdale and in the future!
5	Got an 80 min hot stone from Kimberly. I knew she was gonna have her work cut out for her because of all the tension that's built up. She managed to work so much out while allowing me to relax!! Spectacular massage. Highly recommend her.
2	Was not a fan. Went to a few different massage places before. But they definitely tried to just get their time in and out. Would not recommend. Actually recommend other places... I enjoyed massage envy better.
5	I signed up for the wellness plan and it's been one of the best decisions I ever made. I was new to massage therapy but boy oh boy was it a worthwhile investment! The deep tissue has felt so nice and given that I have a chronic illness, it's been a very helpful & holistic way to destress and detox my body! I love the staff here, they are so so friendly and welcoming. I'm going to miss this place now that I'm relocating out of state!
5	Another perfect massage from Celesst this afternoon!  Always a serene experience. Staff is more than accommodating.
1	This location is incredibly unprofessional. My massage was wonderful, but reception was not.I first tried to book online for a 6:00 appointment. I then realized I would be later for that because of a meeting so I called immediately to change my appointment to 7:00. I later receive a call around 6:15 asking where I was (the person calling me was the same person I spoke with earlier on) and I explained I changed me appointment to 7. She then asked if I could make 6:30. I said sure because I felt bad the massage therapist had been waiting because of reception's mistake. I then found myself rushing (not really what I would like to do prior to a relaxing massage) to get there.Once there, the receptionist didn't even apologize for her mistake but instead thanked me for coming in earlier. Kerri Ann was great and very professional.After the massage, one receptionist asks how my massage was. While I was answering, the other receptionist interrupts me to ask when I can schedule my next appointment. She did not ask "would" I like to schedule my next appointment, but instead had a pushy demeanor. Immediately after her, the other receptionist chimes in asking if I want to sign up for the Wellness program and when I said not today, she still kept pushing it. I am in Sales- I do not want to be sold and pushed at a relaxing place especially after a massage. I normally do not go here for a massage, but my friend enjoys it and bought me a gift certificate for an 80 min massage. To my dismay, I left it at work and forgot to grab it. I explained this to the receptionist and asked if there was any way I might be able to pay then get a refund. I realized this was my mistake but instead of exploring if there was something we could do, she flat out said no and said "Well now you can come back for an 80 minute massage again." Overall, I was not pleased with my experience.
