4	I have been to this restaurant twice in the past month. The first visit, was a Thursday night when I had just picked my tired husband up at the airport. Fresh off the plane, arriving from my home state of Rhode Island, he wanted to speak of nothing but steak.He had chatted with a local about a good steakhouse downtown; I think he had the wrong name, we got stuck Chase field traffic, but I digress.After doing a quick Garmin search in our rental (a whole separate review) I saw Omaha Steak House. Would have never usually gone with this choice, but its the only name we knew I had to get this man a meal immediately.Pleasant surprise. So, let me break it down:First visit, Thursday evening around 9 pmEmptyGreat decor- This restaurant is in the middle of a hotel, so I am comparing to other hotel restaurants.Service- The waiter happened to be from our home state. Great conversation, great service, excellent all around.Food- We started with the fried calamari- excellent choice. So good that we ended up getting a second order (give us a break- we were famished). I have high standards for any seafood- even if we are just talking about fried fish. This calamari was fresh and on par with good calamari back in RI.Husband had steak- he was very happy. He does med-rare- it was cooked perfectly. I trust his steak critique more than my own- he is much more involved in seeking out great steaks & better butchers.I had stuffed shrimp- It was great. Sides- asparagus & Yukon gold mashed. Again, both were great.Second visit- My parents are in town this week from RI.We went last night and I would say our experience matched the one above. We arrived around 9:30 and it was already quiet again. The parents like good food & service minus anything overly trendy. This place did the trick. They left with smiles.SummaryI have this restaurant on file as reliable, consistent, and basic. A place you go when you seek out good hearty food, reasonable prices, quiet atmosphere, and are all about a good quality meal. Also, for me its a place I can go when I am not up for "going out" but am up for getting a good meal minus the cooking & cleaning. Not that I was in sweats, but I was comfortable and passed on getting dressed up for a night out.
4	I have only been here for Happy Hours - so this is only a review for HH offierings and experiences.Two visits - the first was a party of five, the second a party of six.Since Embassy provides Happy Hour for guests of the hotel (in another location, I am guessing), there was almost no one in the lobby bar, which is also the bar for Omaha Steakshouse.Drinks:  I ordered a whiskey and coke ($5.00 well drinks), and the bartender asked if I'd prefer ginger ale.  While I adore a good whiskey and ginger, most bars don't have REAL ginger ale - so I rarely order it.  As a bartender, I know I only make suggestions to change a customers order if we are out of the requested item or if I feel it will make the drink that much better.  I didn't imagine they could be out of Coke - so I am guessing it was a suggestion for improvement and I agreed to it.  GOOD CALL!  Not only was real ginger ale used - the angel behind the bar muddled in some fresh ginger for me, too!  YUM!My companions had assortments of house wines, margaritas and beer.  Everyone was happy.The food offerings are all appetizer sized and perfect for sharing.  And, only $5.00 during Happy Hour!The wings are wings - nothing disappointing, but nothing to write home about.The Buffalo Chicken Sliders were tasty - but the bread was really the standout part of this dish, and I did appreciate the large chunks of bleu cheese in the dressing.The Hamburger Sliders are wonderful!  You can tell they are fresh grinding the meat from the quality beef they use.  The onions are sauteed to perfection and the buns are fresh, warm and the perfect golden brown.  Three to a plate - we had to order a second round of these!Pulled pork sliders were unremarkable, but okay.  (Like the wings.)  There was nothing wrong with them - and at $5 for three sliders, I have no right to expect an epiphany.I can't do our last dish justice.  It's homemade potato chip "nachos" with a bleu cheese sauce.  Honestly, despite having shared two orders of these on my first visit and one the second, I don't remember what else is on them but WOW - this is comfort food at its best and I can't wait to go back for more!The room is not a typical hotel lobby.  There is a huge koi pond running throughout the lobby, and tall tropical trees.  I felt as if I was in a far cooler and more tropical area  - it was easy to forget I was in mid town Phoenix.It seems this happy hour is still unknown - very few other people there for either visit.  But - I happen to adore the lack of loud music and ability to get top notch service - so that's not a complaint from me!If they stretch happy hour to 7 instead of 6, I will gladly add on that elusive 5th star!
4	Ate here for dinner during the week while staying at the hotel.For an appetizer had house made potato chips with bleu cheese.  Waiter said the bleu cheese was also house made.  Seemed rather incredible but it was really good.For my entree I had a filet cooked medium with the same bleu cheese on top.  One of the best steaks I have ever had.  Up there with the top half dozen, at least.  I travel and eat a lot of steaks, so this is saying something.  Had a loaded baked potato on the side. Service was fine.  Attentive, knowledgeable.  No complaints.Ambiance was fine for a hotel restaurant.
4	"Great Scott" steak!Amazing bread soaked in melted butter and topped with marinated onions. Mashed potatoes that will learn you! Very good food and service. Make sure you get the gift card off of Restaurants.com, great food and great savings!
4	We had a great dinner at Omaha Steakhouse.  The filets were awesome!  The service was outstanding also.Tony and Jean  We noticed that you recently dined at Omaha Steakhouse after making a reservation on Yelp. What'd you think of the restaurant? Come on now, yelp about it!http://www.yelp.com/writeareview/biz/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg-- The Yelp TeamReal People, Real ReviewsTo stop receiving these emails click here: http://www.yelp.com/bn/W04MZm8r1SZ7JVrFyNidQXmljlhirnBFKNX745-LKVVYbEv1OimKlA/.
4	I spent a couple days poolside kicking back at the Embassy Suites in Phoenix and while soaking up the sun, I needed cocktails to go along with my laidback mood. Lupita the bartender mixed up some refreshing margaritas, which were too big to fit in only one poolside plastic cup. Needless to say I became a regular as I got my tan on. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#CcYLXrn2otwe9GEiV-YjdAI enjoyed my margaritas until it was time to take a break from the sun and have some lunch. I sat at the bar and ate my gigantic cheeseburger with side salad, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#K3y49LEcSWBW2DkzVDJEOg  and enjoyed a pint of Samuel Adams. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#hqskbQptFcXSq7Ngkvzc6w Can you even think of a better combo? This filled me up for both lunch and dinner and worth every bite. The next day I was back at the pool, babysitting some pina coladas and they were great. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ If you don't like those, try the blended bay breeze for a less sweet yet refreshing drink. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQI told my guy about the fantastic burger so we decided to order in a little room service from the steakhouse. We were craving a rib eye and this one was huge! Cooked medium to perfection with a peppercorn sauce served with garlic mashed potatoes. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#EiA_LswdVuJgA2i5FcJFlA We added a caprese to lighten things up a bit. It's also my favorite salad ever. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Bm-xgK5r4pCGcC1xZCvixg?select=vwq7UVYm6HYefmagnHbxEQ#BTuqHxjX9x81E2aHM7VACSo after all of my experience with the Omaha Steakhouse, I honestly have to say that they are really great. I didn't know what to expect, but the steak and cheeseburger were enough to make me a fan.
2	We chose those restaurant because we wanted a good steak and the Omaha name is synonymous with that. Arrived on a Friday night around 8 pm, the place was pretty empty. The waiter was friendly but didn't have much personality. He was actually more of an order taker, but everyone has their own style.We had the bleu cheese chips, which were excellent. Before the meal we had a ceasar salad (which was huge!) and the black bean soup, pretty decent. The soup almost had a sweet flavor to it, which I liked. At this point in the meal I was feeling pretty pumped about our 16 oz bone-in ribeye that was about to come. When it did arrive I was unfortunately, disappointed. We ordered it medium rare and it was a little more on the rare side. Personally, a little under is always better than a little over. So, the temperature of the steak was fine, but it was really lacking in flavor :-(. It seemed like it needed more seasoning and for a ribeye it really just wasn't very juicy. And for a $40 steak, it should have knocked my socks off. However, the green beans we ordered as a side were very good. I could tell throughout our meal the server seemed a little rushed. He mentioned to us that he was also taking and running all of the room service orders. Having to do all the extra work was probably not his fault, after all everyone's got a job to do. Unfortunately, it caused his service to really lack for us. All in all, we had a pleasant time but I do feel like a few things could have been just a bit better...especially for the ticket price we were left with. Unfortunately, we probably won't be back.
4	I honestly have no idea how this place stays open with as dead as it was on a Saturday night. We booked here out of convenience more than anything else during our last night in Phoenix. We were staying at the embassy suites where this restaurant is located. For appetizers we got a plate of nachos and an order of chicken wings. The nachos were very mediocre compared to those at the outdoor bar at the Biltmore. The wings, on the other hand were some of the best I've ever had. Crispy yet juicy with a nice amount of heat. I would have ordered these for room service every day if only i had discovered them earlier.As mentioned the place was deserted on a Saturday night, but it was definitely not for lack of quality. Our server was helpful and entertaining. Our food was fantastic. A colleague commented that his filet was one of the best steaks he'd ever had. I had scallops that were also great. They were also very accommodating to two vegetarian folks in our group...both were very satisfied with their meals as well.I would eat here again when in Phoenix even if not staying at the embassy suites.
5	WOW.  As others have said, I have no idea how they stay in business because the place is completely dead.  I went on a Sunday night around 7pm - granted, not the busiest time for a hotel restaurant, but we ended up being the ONLY party the entire night.  That's 2 cooks, 1 server, 1 busser and 1 bartender (and probably 1 manager somewhere) on the clock for me and my partner.  Yeah, not gonna work unless the hotel heavily subsidizes their operation.  I asked our waitress if it's always like this and she sort of said yes, but with occasional exceptions like when Willie Nelson came in and tipped her $500, which almost paid her entire rent that month.The food is outstanding - I have not a single complaint on anything.  We ordered salads, soup, burgers and dessert and everything is SO good.  The price was decent with my restaurant.com coupon, but even without, I would have just skipped the dessert and still come in around $50 for two with tip.  It's well worth it.Ambiance is nice at night - all tables candle lit and a nice view of the hotel's pool if you sit in one of the booths.  I'd go back in a heartbeat if I lived in Phoenix.  I sincerely hope they beef up the advertising and get people IN here, because it's worth it.  I suspect in a more visible location there'd be a line out the door, but hotel full service restaurants are always tricky.If you have a rest.com coupon, use it NOW because they stop accepting them as of 1/1/13.  Oh and by the way, the other pictures users have posted don't do the place justice.  It's much nicer than those look.  Bon appetit!
4	Staying at the Embassy Suites hotel, noticed the Omaha Steakhouse downstairs.  I know what your'e thinking, Hotel?  Steakhouse?  Good?  Well, it was.I wasn't expecting a whole lot, however after a long day of travel with the family we ate here when we arrived.  Kenneth good really good care of us.  The options were decent, food quality was good, and the prices were not prohibitive.  Funny enough nobody ordered steak, I enjoyed the Salmon, my wife had the shrimp quesadilla, my son had the cheeseburger.  No complaints, good fresh quality.  The bread was also fresh from the oven and quite enjoyable.On the second night, I did order the steak salad.  Probably the best one I've ever had.Not an overly expansive wine list, but certainly gives you lots of choices for general varietals. If you're in the area, or visiting the mall next door (don't know what the mall is, but it looks popular) stop in, forget it's an Embassy Suites Hotel, and enjoy lunch or dinner.(not to disrespect the Embassy Suites in any way, however if someone told me there's a decent steak house at an Embassy Suites, I might smile at them, with an "uh huh.")
4	Like other reviewers have said, it is amazing they stay in business.  Once it was established that no one was waiting on us, the host end up taking care of us, and became our server.  Outside of waiting for someone to assist us, it was a great atmosphere.  There were very few parties there, which is why we were a little confused with why it took so long to get waited on!  That aside, the food was delicious, we started with the spinach and artichoke dip, that was served warm and was very creamy.  I then had a sirloin steak that was cooked properly to order with great creamy mashed potato's and  and my friend had the ahi burger.  He said it was great and was served with sweet potato fries, and fresh vegetables.  We both enjoyed our meal.The cream brulee was creamy and presented very nicely.  The pricing is a little more then I would  normally pay but again it is not way to pricey!  They also have a nice variety of options on the menu!I would go back!
5	I was really impressed with the steaks on our second trip to Phoenix. The Omaha Steakhouse has had consistently great steaks and burgers. On this trip, we tried a couple new dishes and cuts of meat.  The NY Strip Steak with Garlic Mashed Potatoes: http://goo.gl/UXz1B and the Bone In Rib Eye with Blue Cheese, http://goo.gl/PmAjhMy favorite will also include Caprese Salad, http://goo.gl/azjB9 but we also tried the Ahi Salad which was amazing. The cut of fish alone, lightly seared like that, was amazing. http://goo.gl/NGqG2Everything I've had has been cooked to the right temp, I'm a Medium-Rare kinda girl and that needs to be right when paying for a nice cut. Overcooked meat should be a crime. If you love a good steak with sides or specialty toppings, they will make it the way you want it. Whether you eat at the restaurant or order the food in your room, it's cooked to order and piping hot.
3	I found the experience here satisfactory.I ordered the onion soup and a filet mignon with mashed potatoes. Both came out at the same time - I definitely would have expected at least a few minutes for the soup before the steak came out, but that's fine.The soup was ok - about what I would expect, with a giant hunk of cheese at the top and soggy bread (at least I think it was bread at one time). I keep forgetting that I've never really found French onion soup to be all that appealing.I ordered my steak medium rare, but there was nothing medium about it. Very red, even a few cold bites. But it was a good cut of meat, so it tasted fine - better to be too rare than overcooked. The mashed potatoes were good, but nothing special.I don't really have anything negative to say, but I'd probably say if you're looking for a good steakhouse, there's another one about 100 feet away that might be a better choice.
4	Came here because of a restaurant.com coupon.  The hotel it's in is spectacular.  The restaurant itself is nice as well.The tables however were wobbly and so we changed to a booth. Service was excellent, very attentive.  I had the scallops which were great but I didn't like everything else on the plate but that's my taste.  The calamari and spinach and artichoke dip were delicious.
3	This is an interesting place, for sure.Located at the lobby of a hotel, it feels like you're traveling (not necessary on vacation).It feels kind of empty and the traffic of people makes it feel more awkward. The service was OK and so was the food. Nothing impressive.It seems that the butter has sugar in it or something. The mushrooms tasted sweet and so did the mash potatoes. Not my cup of tea.The shrimp cocktail was good but nothing impressive. The shrimp weren't as large as in other places but the serving was 5 pieces. They also use a small flat plate with the sauce on the side which kills the glamour of this dish (from my point of view).The 7oz filet that I ordered was cooked the way I ordered, so that gives this place the 3rd star. I didn't pay so I'm not sure about the ratio price-quality.It's OK if you're in the area but nothing to remember.Cheers.
5	Steak out of this world!  Rivals Ruth's and Flemings and stomps Morten's.  Great ahi sandwich, too. Even the vegetables were great.  :)  Atmosphere low key (think: hotel lobby restaurant atmosphere). This restaurant is hidden away inside the Embassy Suites hotel which sits on the edge of a very high-end-old-money shopping and residential area near the Arizona Biltmore and the Biltmore Fashion Park.  A 3 iron's stroke away from Capitol Grille, with all of its stuffiness and see-and-be-seen crowds and valet parking, hides this amazing little find.  If you are going for the amazing food, courteous and efficient service (I.e. not to self-flagellate at the hands of uppity waiters), and a place to sit and enjoy the company YOU keep (not the company sitting in the tables around you), then this is by far a better choice.We are on a 40 day strict diet protocol and had to order accordingly on our last visit.  The restaurant obliged without a blink and we were floored at how amazing a really good piece of meat and a pile of super-fresh asparagus can taste without floating in butter or oil of any kind.  That said, we can't wait to go back when we can try the dressed-up versions, too.This isn't where you take your first date to impress.  It is where you go when you are confident that you are dating the right person and aren't afraid to let him/her know about your secret place for mind-blowing steak without the glitz of the big-name steakhouse.
4	I'm a fan. I'll tell you why. It's not because of the ambiance or the physical space. It's simply a nondescript restaurant in a moderately-priced hotel. It's the kind of physical space in a hotel where you might see a family with a couple kids drop in or some other non-pretentious folks just heading out for dinner. From the looks of it when I was there, you probably won't need a reservation, but I do hope you go because I want Omaha Steakhouse to be open on my frequent visits to Phoenix. For everything the place lacks in pomp and circumstance, it makes up for what you want in a steakhouse, high quality beef.I travel a lot in my work. I entertain a lot. I visit fancy steakhouses and seafood joints all over the country. When it comes to quality of meat, tenderness of a steak, I put Ruth's Chris and now Omaha Steakhouse up there with the best of them. They're as good as the many awesome local top-of-the line local steakhouses across the country. And I find their beef to be preferable to Morton's, Capitol Grille or Gibson's. Those places have great product, but it certainly is a lot pricier than you'll find at Omaha Steakhouse and it's simply not as good. You go to those places for a lot more than great steak. You can go to Omaha Steakhouse if it's not the atmosphere, but the meat that is your number one priority.
2	Needed some dinner and this was convenient being at the Embassy Suites I was staying at.  We went to the area to get a table.  Mind you, this place was not even crowded or full.  We were given a corner booth near the front, but hidden.  That's fine.Our server asked what we wanted to drink.  Water would be fine.20 minutes passed by and we were wondering what was going on.  We finally flagged down the manager.  He apologized and offered us drinks.  I thought that the drinks were on the house.  The server also apologized.  Safe to assume he forgot we sat down at one of his tables.After that, we were tended to.  Still a bummer we had to wait 20 minutes (after flagging the manager down) to get our orders taken.  Another 15 for our food.Decided to go with the NY Strip Steak cooked medium-rare with a bleu cheese crust. This did not wow me at all.  The steak came out super rare.  Like the steak was gold on the inside.  And no bleu cheese crust.  I'll eat it.  I'm starving.Manager came back and offered us dessert.  Was this "free" too?I still tipped as if my experience was good.  We all know tips should be for quality of service, but whatever.  As far as the food is concerned, no way this is even near the top with other steakhouses.
4	Best kept secret in Biltmore area. Everything was excellent. We came with a newborn and the restaurant was quiet enough that she slept all the way through dinner. Our party was very surprised at such a great meal in an Embassy Suites Hotel. Which by the way was a great place to stay. Very clean reasonably priced and facilities not too spread out.
4	Great place for steaks that won't bust your budget. The blue cheese potato chips are tasty snack with a cocktail. The steaks are like what you can buy online, or their store. The scallops are ways good and the bill doesn't require a second mortgage like most of the other steak houses in town.
3	We (my buddies and I) have come here every year for almost 10 years.  This year has been a bit of a disappointment from previous visits. They once offered a hot onion bread in olive oil that was awesome.  They no longer offer this.  (However, they did make an effort to re-create one, but it wasn't the same), Instead they offer hard, dry and stale bread.  I had a Ceaser Salad that was incredibly average.  My NY Strip steak was over cooked. Returning here next year is questionable
4	We we're tired so we had no desire to leave the hotel. Our server was great. They allowed us to share an entree because it was too big for either of us. The chopped salad was so delightful and the steak was perfectly cooked. The wine list could use some refreshing but everything was pretty awesome.
2	I am writing as the mother of the bride where we had 110 guests. The 5 to 6 pm reception was delicious and excellent in the beautiful atrium. The problem was the wedding planner was given the wrong diagram. It was for the square room when we were given the larger rectangular room.  At least two of the tables was missing a place setting.  No biggie, just get another place setting and we would be happy. Instead, I (mother of the bride) was missing my place setting and had to ask three times and wait 25 minutes. My sister had faster results because after the wait staff argued with her about how the table was not missing a place setting, my brother-in-law went to get one himself. The salad and green tea sherbet were great. Our entrees were salmon and New York Steak.  I was extremely disappointed with my first experience with an Omaha Steak. It was supposed to be medium-rare and instead it was well-done and dry. The mashed potatoes were dried out and crusty. The sauce was great and a lot more of it might have helped.The result after I wrote to the corporate office was that the catering manager called me. I do not think that she understood what I had to say. She praised her staff for how great they were and how they kept the water glasses full. Hello! I did not even get a water glass! I wanted to hear how that issue had already been addressed and would never happen again to another guest. As for the dry steak, she said that she tried one at the reception and it was excellent. Yes, I probably got the first one off the grill and then it was kept warm too long, as a result, it was dry. Her steak that she got at a later point would be great. Some of my guests did say that their steak was great. I would recommend that if you are having a wedding reception there, that you add 30 minutes to the actual time that you want your steaks so that they are not sitting in the warmer. The catering manager blamed the wedding planner for the dry steaks so you know that she depends totally on the wedding planner's schedule.  Regrettably, she is not watching closely to see if the evening is running on schedule.   I suggest that she should be flexible and in charge of  the time for the kitchen to start the entrees. The reputation of the restaurant is in her hands.
