4	Today was the first time I'd even heard of Papa Murphy's.  We were driving home from disc golf, and my best friend saw it, and did a u-turn. :)Papa Murphy's is a "take and bake" pizza place.  So...they make the pizza for you, and you take it home and bake it in your oven, so that its hot when you eat it.The menu is extensive, and there are healthy options, and vegetarian options, in addition to classic pizzas and stuffed pizzas.Today, we got the Cowboy which was cheese, pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and black olives.  It was absolutely awesome.  The pizza was not greasy, and had premium toppings...and plenty of them.  You'd be lucky to get half of the toppings that they put on their pizza at another place.I was very impressed, and as they are not too far from home, I plan to go there again soon.
5	Since my first review, we've gotten Papa Murphy's two more times, and each time has been amazing.I loved the Cowboy, the first time we had that. We've also had the Chicken, bacon, artichoke thin crust, which was absolutely wonderful.Yesterday, we tried the Chicago stuffed pizza...oh my god, it was SO good.The pizza is huge.  I'm going to add pictures so you can see just how enormous this thing is. Great value for the money...I absolutely love this place.
4	Been to this PM twice and been happy thus far. Everything tastes fresh and we're definite fans of the thin crust style pizza. If you haven't tried the "take & bake" I suggest giving it a shot, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.Papa Murphy's has a stamp card and you get a free pizza after 10 visits, I believe. Don't forget to ask for one! ;)
3	Go and pick your own toppings, crust, sauce, etc and take it home and bake it. Actually pretty good pizza and the price is not bad. She loaded it with toppings which was awesome and hooked us up with whatever I wanted to add! Not the best pizza in the world but definitely as good as Dominoes or the like...
4	This is great pizza, specially works for sports get togethers. Always will have out of the oven hot and fresh.
5	Been a customer for years and highly recommended. The pizza is always made fresh in front of you and you bake it yourself. Many choices to decide from standard pizza and Chicago style. All amazing.
