3	Today, I was rushing from one place to another and needed some fast food.  Not feeling like a burger, I thought that Panda Express sounded convenient.  I was not disappointed though at the same time, the meal was not a gourmet one either.  There was only one person working the register while at the same time serving food so there was a bit of a wait (and the staff member was a bit flustered with much going on at once).  I am guessing that another staff member was on a break as there was a second person there by the time I left.  The restaurant was also kept quite clean though it appeared that the forks and napkins needed some restocking.  The food, however, was fresh and as tasty as I had hoped it would be.  I got a two-item combo with fried rice, beef & broccoli, and string bean chicken.  I also added on a chicken egg roll.  The restaurant had several families, a few people on their own, and a couple all also eating, and it appeared that everyone else was also pleased with their meals.
3	It's Panda.  You know what you're getting and it is average food for an average price.  I can't eat here very often though.
5	Just your typical great panda taste! Best part was the quick service here.
1	This particular Panda Express is so gross....I mean, it's clean.  However, something is not quite right about the food they serve at this one.  Or maybe I just stopped eating Panda Express or it's always been this way and I've been spoiled with delicious Chinese food in SF.  It's not fair for me to compare Panda with that, but c'mon!  Why does this place charge so much, but provide such low quality food?
2	I moved recently and am not near my favorite Panda Express anymore that was in Ahwatukee. So when I had the opportunity to eat at this one I was glad........   Food was OK, the usual consistent food that you expect. BUT on the way out I used the restroom and if I had used it before I ordered, I would have just walked out......    They need to check them more often and just don't put a Wet Floor sign up, actually do something to keep it clean. There were two employee's on break when I came in, so they just need to change their priorities and Clean the restroom BEFORE they take their break!
5	Very good service at this location.  I took my class of special needs students on a field trip here to practice money and social skills.  The servers were very patient with my students.  They allowed the students to take their time and make choices.  The cashier allowed my students to take their time paying as well.  Panda express also offers some really cool lesson plans for Chinese New Year online--free for teachers.  We went in because of the free resources they offer online.
1	I went to dinner here last night and the food was cold and tasted like it had been sitting for hours. They didn't have a very big selection and I was not impressed.
