5	Taylor's Chowder House was established in the early 80's. Since then it has been a very popular spot for many relocated Bostonian's and other Easterners. A Southie ex-bf explained that a Chowder-head is a dolt or a stupid person and that you would have to be a big Chowder-head not to fall head over heals for Taylor's.They are open for lunch and dinner in a very comfortable (albeit a little cheesy) environment for super great prices.All meals start with hot fresh bread from Villa Deli with herbed garlic butter. This stuff Is so amazing that you could rub it all over your body!As you can probably guess, Taylor's is known for their chowder. They make a good Manhattan (tomato based) chowder, but the New England style is what makes my mouth water. It's thick, creamy and stuffed with potatoes, onion and clams. This is the real thing!They have the only selection of fresh shell fish that I know of in the Phoenix area. Clams, mussels, oysters, whatever your preference... they have something for you. The shrimps at Taylor's are from Guyamas, on the Sea of Cortez in Mexico. They are big, flavorful, and fresh.Taylor's offers a large selection of daily specials in addition to their large standard menu. Specials are seasonal, based on what's fresh, but I have NEVER been disappointed. There are weekly specials as well - Smelt Mondays, Kids eat Free Tuesdays and Wednesdays are All You Can Eat Fish and Chips. On Sundays you can do brunch and the Build Your Own Frittata.Most entrees can be prepared to your liking - broiled, blackened, or fried. There are also fried only options for calamari, Alaskan cod, shrimp, oysters or clams (fresh Ipswich belly clams - these are the really meaty ones). The batter on these is crisp and light - it is absolutely excellent and doesn't drip with oil. All entrees are served with your choice of sides, but I would highly recommend the cole slaw (it's great).The have a handful of desserts to choose from, but honestly I have never had enough room to even try one so I can't comment on those.  : )If you are looking for coastal freshness and quality, you may be a bit diappointed, but if you are looking for good seafood in this desert, try out Taylor's - I'm pretty sure you will be impressed.p.s.  if you are a yankees fan, leave the your blues at home... this place is redsox all the way! : )
4	Ah this is a plaice  proving that  punliness is next to codliness.  Good now that the we hate pun people are gone I can  let you in on a quiet , and tasty, secret.  Yet another of those restaurants that don't show up on conventional searches, has nothing in the way of street presence yet consistently knock out great food.   Why not a  five?    Excellent question.   Tonight was surprisingly quiet around  1915  it was more Marie Celeste than Love Boat  which is  on most occasions nice but  for those that like some life  may find it unsettling.  Let's get into the food.  The chowder ( both NY and Maine) on offer was  pretty good but did hit a couple of  flour spots in it, the olive oil? on top superflous and Pappa Deuxs is still in the lead  within this five mile radius  of Metro Center.  The appetizer choice is lack lustre,  e.g  3 kinds of shellfish and cheesesticks. The latter are massive and  most sane people won't finish all six alone.   Onto the main course.  The mahi mahi , marinitated  for 24 hours, was perfect and flavorful. The sides that come with it are pretty limiting. Fries, coleslaw, baked potato, rice  or veg ( pick 2 ) and  that fish atop a nice bed of rice with an accompanying salsa would be amazing.  Fish is so good it's  making the rest  seem average in comparison.    The fish and chips  which my partner had were massive , tasted average, batter has little to no flavor but the textures nice.  It's hard to get a taste from the cod without moving it.   Wow that still gets a four?  We've eaten here prior and the service is always good, the  food is always at least good   it's just that   I'd love to have the same experience with the appetizers and sides that I do with the star(fish)  of the dinner.     The bread at the start, the garlic  butter with it is  wonderful, really  wonderful. In relation to  what I had  when I lived by Monterey,CA,  I would give this a 3.5   rounded to four.
1	O.K.  I made a visit albeit still skeptical.  I absolutely must point out first and foremost that anyone who views this as a good destination for anything related to New England OR Seafood is one of three things.1. Owners of the restaurant2. never had good seafood before3. never had good seafood beforeThe clam chowder is a pasty concoction that does not begin with bacon/salt pork, has bits of chewy rubbery clams, is tasteless, and overall would recieve a boost with the addition of a couple of cans of Snow's.The fried clams were horrible.  The only plus was that they were not strips.  They were actually "Bellied" clams but I use that term VERY loosely.  Price will always determine the quality when it comes to clams.  they cost a certain amount of money and there is no way to get around that.(unless of course youre not using Ipswich Clams)  There is no way that these are from Ipswich Shellfish Co.  The batter is terrible as well.  Why would anyone choose to fry a clam in anything but an evaporated milk/corn flour dredge??Any new englander who has had a good chowder from legal, Sole, etc. or a clam from the clam box, essex, or Ronnies knows that this place is not your fried clam destination.Wait!  i almost forgot.  the tarter sauce was horrible as well.  Can i give zero stars??
3	I had high expectations for this place. I was really in the mood for seafood and I really wanted to like this place a lot from the get-go.But as you can see, it only received three stars and here's why:+The service was really good.+The clam chowder was great. At least its living up to its name!+The fish and chips that I sampled were really good!-The prices were ridiculous. For the all-you-can-eat fish and chips it was $11.95... I can go to Fox and Hound for the same quality all you can eat F & C and only pay $7 or $8.-The baked walleye that I ordered was OK. It could have been more flavorful, the rice pilaf was sweet tasting (like bergamot?) and the tartar sauce is kinda like mayo... it was different and sweet tasting. But I wouldn't order it again.
2	It's next door to the American Legion hall. That must be where most of their customers come  from. Everything just lacked flavor. Heck, I'd even take some salt. I wasn't expecting spicy or seasoned, as that's a whole 'nother cuisine. I just wanted some kind of flavor. And if I can't get flavor, I'll at least take some texture. But no. Instead of a fluffy, crispy batter on the fish, it was tough and a bit chewy. The breading on the clams was a little better, but still flavorless. The only bright points were the steak fries and cole slaw, both made well. But how hard is it to screw those up?
4	Several years ago I was a regular at Taylor's Chowder House, then moved away. I remember the food being quite good which was why we kept coming back. I had the extreme pleasure to drop by for lunch 2 days before Christmas. I was greeted with the odor of cigarette smoke, likely from the American Legion. Don't those folks know that smoking can be hazardous to your health? Anyway, Taylor's offered their annual  Holiday Chowder. This is one of the most rich and delectable chowders I have ever consumed. It consisted of their regular New England with just a few extras, cod, salmon, brandy, shrimp, and most anything else you can think of.  There just is no way to top this chowder, other than with crackers. It is a bit pricey. But it is the food you are buying and that is worth it.
4	We walk in to this restaurant and while from the outside it looks a tad "run down" but the inside is very warm and cozy and sets the stage for a great seafood meal. When you walk in they have a cute table made out of an old lobster crate and the walls have photos that have a New England feel to them. The worst part of the meal was being seated.  About half the restaurant had empty seats and a sign that said please wait to be seated and wait we did... in fact three employees walked by us without so much as a hello or we will be right with you. We waited over 5 minutes before we were greeted and seated (yes I am a poet and didn't know it). When we were seated the "hostess" had the personality of a rock, she must really not like her job, not a smile or greeting out of her. I would say they are "child" friendly but bring your own entertainment. We had our 3 year old son with us and while they did have a kids menu (with a pretty painted fish on the back) that was laminated, there were no crayons (the typical kid package) to color with. Luckily I had a couple of crayons in the car which my husband went out to get and we had enough to keep him occupied until the food came.Here is what we ordered:Crab stuffed shrimp- which was out of this world, I loved them and might be the best I have had.Clam Chowder-My husband is kind of a clam chowder snob and he thought this was pretty good. Not the best he has ever had but he said it was good. I am not a fan of clam chowder but I thought it was good and I liked the big chucks of clam in it.Steamed Clams- My husband and son "shared" these. My husband said they were good, again not the "best" he has had but still good.Shrimp and Chips -This was what my son ordered but ended up eating more of my husband's clam chowder and steamed clams. So, my husband had one, I had one and our son had the third. The "chips" were waffle fries which was pretty cool and the coleslaw it came with my husband really liked.We would go back to this restaurant again, and if you are in the mood for some good seafood in the area, this is the place to go!
1	If I could give negative stars I would. This place is horrid. I did have a good meal here - back in '85. When I was 4. When I thought tacky, dusty lighthouse decor was hip. I went back to Taylor's on that single memory and *surprise* they have not changed the decor since then. And I am pretty sure judging by the taste that they have not changed their inventory of seafood since then either. Yes, the food was SO bad that I DO NOT think they have changed the seafood inventory out of their freezer since 1985. You (and your wallet) are better off hitting up the Long John Silver's. You read that right - BETTER OFF AT LONG JOHN SILVER's.
4	The best seafood place in town!
4	The Chowder House has been a westside staple for years, and there is a reason why.....AWESOME seafood!! I have been here several times, and will be going back many more. Huge portions, and some of the freshest seafood in PHX (as fresh as you can get for being inland). My wife and I always order oysters on the halfshell to start. They are some of the best in PHX. Nothing like San Fran etc, but again, great for being inland. The fried catfish is one of my favorite things on the menu. HUGE fillets. The sides are very good too. Waffle fries, slaw, both of which are well above average. I am somewhat of a chowder nut, and I LOVE the chowder here.The service is always average. The waitresses are always knowledgeable, and the service is fast, but there's never huge smiles. . It's only ok for kids. This is more of an adult date night restraunt .For seafood fans, I HIGHLY reccomend Taylor's. The best seafood in PHX behind Salt Cellar and Papadeux's.
5	Awesome... I just had the home made cheese sticks, accompanied with the Stone Porter Beer, followed by the Baked Alaskan Halibut Oscar... Not only am I a pig tonight, but a very happy man.
4	This place is one of my favorites.  The fish and chips are AMAZING!!  The batter is light and flavorful.  The lemonade is freshly squeezed.  The prices are good.  The waitresses are friendly.  The ambiance is laid back and a little cheesy but I like it.  If you can't power through a lot of food order the one piece fish and chips.
5	I don't see what the problem is. We live in Arizona. Seafood does not come naturally to Arizona, and for this price, yeah, I'm willing to go to Taylor's and enjoy a taste of home.It isn't perfect - but the waitresses know my family by name and are always super nice to us when we come in. One of them is from Boston, he and my dad chat up Red Sox while we order our drinks which never take more than a minute. Something I will always miss from Boston is the fried clams - and Taylor's is the closest I've come to. I don't need tartar sauce. I don't even really need cocktail sauce. I want lemon, and I want a fork, and you have made me happy. The other things on their menu - the crabcakes, for instance are also really awesome. The bread? Addictive. The butter? It's like spreading healthy-heroin on hot, crispy, toasty-goodness. Well, semi healthy anyway.It isn't perfect - what seafood place in Arizona is? But Taylor's Chowder House makes me feel a little less homesick at the end of the day in this desert. AND ORDER THE CHOWDA! =] It does not taste pasty. You are clearly not from a Chowder-eating state... I bet you're even a Yankees fan.
3	Very average, and I was expecting a lot more from a place that has been around for as long as they claim.Here's the long and short of it.  For the price, you cannot expect it to be the greatest seafood you've ever eaten.  However, it would have been nice if the seafood would have been the star of the meal.  It was not.The portions are large, although it is mostly breading and grease.  VERY cheap ingredients show through in every dish.  You can tell they are cutting corners every place they can.  Frozen (maybe even canned) fish, not real butter, frozen veggies, even the bread seemed to be day old or perhaps even frozen. If you are not picky about the food you put in your mouth and are only looking for an alternative to a McDonalds fish sandwich, then this is your place.
3	Tom: I used to live in Nantucket and the seafood in New England is second to none.  So for those people who are saying "it's not great seafood, not like it is back home, etc." I say what do you expect?  You're in Phoenix. I had the baked seafood sampler.  The scallops were just right and not too tender.  The cod was great and really zesty.  The shrimp I was disappointed with and that was one thing that you should be able to nail out here.  They made a Red Manhattan Chowder for specials which was a surprise and I really enjoyed it.  This is even tough to find back east.  Prices among everything else really stood out.  You just don't find seafood for that good of a deal out here.  I have two more complaints. One was that the beer selection was pretty weak but I enjoy Sam Adams B-Lager but I can also get that anywhere.  The other problem was that the men's problem was filthy and needed to be not only cleaned but re-modeled in general.  It was in the kind of shape where regardless of if you cleaned it or not it would still look pretty trashy.Ann: I am not a huge fan of seafood, but am trying to expand my horizons.  I found that the food here was mediocre.  I had a special that was Cajun Pacific snapper, was not quite "cajun" and a little "fishy".  However I tried Tom's baked cod and scallops which I truly enjoyed.  The atmosphere and service could be updated, as the wait staff seemed to only take interest in the regulars.  Overall decent seafood for the price in Phoenix.
1	Not good eats. Old, dusty, very tired decor. Food was so so. Needs Chef Ramsey or Restaurant Impossible....or something.  Even the lettuce was droopy. Time to pick this mess up and take it into 2012.
2	I must say I did not fully experience this restaurant, So I am only reviewing by the quality of their clam chowder and the little bit of service i received while I was in the establishment. The chowder was so-so. It is the best I have found in the immediate area so it might be worth going to if you're nearby and have a craving. However for the portion you get it in pretty expensive. I have had better chowder at a lower price. The service was old school, no non-sense, I kind of liked it. The atmosphere is pretty dumpy and kind of creepy. I wouldn't recommend women walk across the parking lot alone. In fact I might pack heat if I ever visit again, some of the biker dudes next door were looking at me like they liked me.
4	As a New Englander I found a taste of home ! Very good food and quality New England style service with the accent from Massachusetts !! Good ambience for a seafood joint. Clean and cozy AUTHENTIC restaurant. Well done.
4	First the negative (notice the singular).  Forget the chowder...way too much flour and not well flavored!  My wife would be happy to help them here!Now the positives.  First, Cathy is one of the waitresses we love - the old fashioned kind that enjoys customers.  And the food -  forget all these New England experts.  We're from Fall River and the full-belly clams were great!  Fried shrimp were delicious, scallops were fine and the cod was huge and done just right...not all wet inside like we're used to here in Phoenix.  I'm not going to go on -- we'll go back!!
4	I found the food to be very good and the help very friendly. Is this a five-star seafood if you were in New England? No, but it's very good and it's the best I can find around here. I like it and I will go back. This is also the only place I could find that had fried clams with the bellies.
1	How is this place still in business? We ordered the seafood stuffed fish and there was NO seafood in the Mrs Cubson's mushy stuffing at all! I looked for the crab, there was none. Not to mention the $15 dinner price doesn't even include salad, really?!?! They have not spent any money on decor or the quality of food for sure, so not sure why they think they can charge more than a chain for tasteless mushy food .
3	Was in the mood for some clam chowder and saw this place on yelp so decided to give it a try. Had a cup and it was okay. A bit salty for me taste.  Also had the oysters on a half shell, they were fresh and very good.  Overall okay place, may decide to checkout other dishes some other time.
2	Why don't good restaurants stay good?  Why do the seem to disappoint once you've raved about them?  Loved Taylors the first two trips.  And tonight, the fried clams were soft and soggy (you could taste the flour or whatever they were dipped in) and clams are supposrd to be crisp.  My wife, who is from the coast of Massachusetts and introduced me to belly clams could not eat here.  So we sent them back and guess what....they came back fried just the same.  Sorry Taylors....I really thougnt we'd found a new seafood favorite!
2	The New England Clam Chowder was quite good.  Very rich, small bowl for the money (I think it's priced at $3,95).  But it's the signature dish, I "get it".The Ipswich Clam roll was mediocre.  What I really didn't care for was the $3 side of cole slaw that could not have been 2 ounces.So, my meal was $21 without a tip.  Trust me when I tell you I ain't going back for a $21 meal of soft clams, good soup, expensive cole slaw.  I'm sure there are fans of this place, just not me
2	Went on Saturday for lunch and the dining area was not to busy. Their was on server who managed all the tables. Since she was the only server the drink order took about 5 minuets after we arrived. My rating is based off of food quality. I ordered the Large New England Clam Chowder for 4.95, not badly priced, however I have had better canned chowder. very salty and WAY to much butter. Also the temperature for the soup was warm not hot, which probably means it was microwaved/ re-heated. We also ordered cheese sticks and calamari. They did look good when they cam out however, both dishes were under cooked and had to be sent back. Who wants soft calamari and cheese sticks? After the food was brought back to our table, the items still were not crsipy, whatever. the flavor of the breading on the calamari and cheese sticks was so bland and the marinara sauce was sub-par. Unfortunately i would not go back the Chowder house, rather go to Red Lobster!
4	Big and Juicy fried Oyster..... and the Ipswich Clams also a must try for true clam lovers.I usually take the food to go .......
5	BY FAR OUR FAVORITE SEAFOOD DIVE in Phoenix when we need seafood the is not overprice like Red Lobster and Joe's Rob you blind shop.(See my Review after my birthday)The Staff has not changed much in the 15 years I have been going there
2	Somebody on Facebook mentioned Taylor's as a good place for seafood on the West side, so I checked out the Yelp reviews.  I think I had realistic expectations going in, sort of a blue hair place, nothing fancy but good bang for the buck.I ordered a cup of New England clam chowder (it's a chowder house, right?) and the grilled Mahi.  The chowder was okay, a good amount of clams, but it had an odd flavor to me...cheap sherry maybe?  It's basically just potato and clam and I personally like some bacon, celery, etc.The Mahi was definitely strange, I expect a 'grilled' piece of fish to be simply cooked over some sort of open flame.  It arrived scored on top with no visible grill marks.  It also had a sort of teriyaki sauce on top that, frankly, ruined the fish-it was hideous.
4	Don't be turned off by the so-so reviews. Yes, Taylor's isn't going to be setting any trends for culinary adventure, but they serve up good fried fish & shellfish at a reasonable price.  The chowder and the raw clams & oysters are decent as well.The decor is 80's kitschy, New England seafood restaurant and the staff is very nice. Small bar with beer, wine and liquor (yet they always seem out of Sam Adams) If you come here for one thing, and one thing only, it's the Ipswich Fried Clams.  It's nearly impossible to find this in the Phoenix area, and if you do, it's usually overpriced and not prepared very authentically. The Fried Clams here are fantastic, a good sized portion and cooked perfectly, just as you'd get at a clam shack in Maine!
2	If you like good/great fish do not go here. If you want average AZ type of fish, an, "All You Can Eat" Fish Fry for 12 bucks, and you are not a picky person who knows good food than by all means go here. It is what it is. Kick it to three stars if you have a big appetite and want to eat a lot. lol---We had dinner here tonight and it was just average. My friend suggested it since she heard raves but then could not figure out why. We had a coupon for a free Clam Chowder. I do not like that so did not get any. My friend said it was not good at all. We both got the fish fry. All we can say is, "Meh." If you are a big eater then it is probably a good deal. They do give you a lot of food though. The service bothered me. Our server was very nice but she got basic things wrong. I am usually very forgiving of that but it added to our non impressed status of the place. A Diet Coke turned into an Ice Tea and she figured the bill wrong. Also, the bathroom was filfthy. A big," No, No" for me.
1	Good if you like painfully slow service, frozen breaded seafood, and potato soup passed off as clam chowder.  This restaurant, while decorated in tacky, outdated marine decor, used to be really great.  Disappointed that the place I used to go for a taste of New England "home", is now serving overpriced meals with a side of ridiculously slow service.
5	This is a great place to get all you can eat fish fry. A very casual place with great service and good food. I will definitely return!!!
1	They probably have good fried food but anything else is just not good. Campbell's clam chowder is better!
4	This place has a nice feel to it. Casual and good atmosphere. Very good place to eat seafood. Service here was okay as well. Ordered a seafood combination platter and chicken fingers & shrimp. Both were really tasty and delicious. It was fried so it was a little bit oily but you can totally ignore it because the flavor of the food overlaps that. Definitely a good experience here.
3	I grew up on the coast in New England so I know my chowder and seafood.  Taylor's is a fun place to go for that New England seafood house experience in the Phoenix area.I always order a bowl of chowder which is just okay.  Creamy with plenty of clams and potatoes but has a strange flavor ingredient that I can't quite place which makes it taste just a bit off.  A small dollop of butter stirred in makes it taste more authentic.This is one of very few places in the area where you can get fried scallops that come out tasting how they should and remind me of being back in Massachusetts.  Very large and fresh with a light batter and fried golden brown - delicious.I know this place has been around forever and it shows.  It really reflects a bit negatively when the decor in the restaurant is fun and authentic, but covered in dust and cobwebs.  The owner really just needs to shut down for a week and pull everything out and re-do it with the same theme but updated.  It would really really improve the experience!My other reason besides the chowder and decor that garnered only 3 stars is the fact that they won't take AMEX cards.  I know many smaller places don't but it is really a pain when you are traveling and cannot use a corporate card to pay for meals and need to use either a personal card or cash to pay.If the owners of Taylor's read this review and fix these things I guarantee they would begin getting 5 star ratings across the board!
1	The first time that I went there, I was born and bred in Boston, the clams were bitter. When I went back, maybe a month later, I told the waitress, a brunette that's some sort of manager or has just been there a long time, about the bitterness..she didn't seem to care. The clams were slightly less bitter..somewhat more palatable, but, I know where they're coming from and it has nothing to do with serving great whole fried clams.
