3	THIS IS FOR THE BK ON THE CORNER OF BUCKEYE & AVONDALE IN THE FRY'S PARKING LOT--IT'S NOT LISTED ON YELP AND I DON'T KNOW THE EXACT ADDRESS TO ADD IT ON.My husband and I hadn't eaten at a Burger King in the longest time, when we saw an ad for sweet potato fries.  We decided to try it, so he ran out to pick up drive-thru.  We both got the same thing, Whoppers and the sweet potato fries with Sprites.  First thing, "have it your way" seems to have run downhill.  We ordered the Whoppers with no pickles (neither of us like them), and it was listed on the container, but they had an abundance of pickles on them.  I counted 7 on mine...yech!  Plus, they're added right on the patty, so the ketchup was all over them.  When I took them off, the ketchup came with them...had to add my own.  Other than that, it was a decent Whopper, just like I remembered.Second thing, with sweet potato fries, the point is to enjoy the sweetness of the potato (at least, that's how I feel).  These fries were so overly salted, they tasted like regular fries, which I didn't want.  I was honestly trying to wipe them off, so I could taste them.  The ones I did have were pretty good.  The rest, which ended up in the bottom of the bag, were drenched in salt.I'm sorry to say, I was a bit disappointed in our trip down memory lane at Burger King.  Not sure if we'll give them another shot, or not.  But, if we do, we're gonna make sure to ask for no salt on the fries, I wonder if they can fulfill that order.
1	I was there last night and they were horrible I felt like a chimpanzee could have got my order with out complication 2 #1s one of them w no onions. I get to the window and they say we can't get satisfrys on one it has to be both and they wouldn't accept my cupon for 2 whopper meals because I asked for satisfrys on one. And then he said we had 4 whoppers and 2 fries wtf I asked for my card back and cancel my order. Screw this place not even recommended to my enemy's. My order shouldn't have been that complicated or taking that long. 10 minutes to figure out my order of 2 number 1s one of those w satisfrys and no onion. Smh
1	Drive Through is incredibly slow. My last drive through visit took 18 minutes with only 3 cars in line. I complained through corporate website and received free whopper coupons. Oh joy.  Tonight I thought I would try again... Asked for a whopper w/no tomato, add cheese and bacon which was repeated back to me, on the the receipt and charged for. I get home, guess what?  No cheese, no bacon but I did get those tomatoes!  Don't ever plan on going back there.
