4	Went for lunch - big portions, good food, and quick. Give them a try
1	This was my husband and I's first time coming to this restaurant.  At first we were excited about their pad Thai, but once we got to the register and were NOT greeted, we quickly wondered if it was a good choice to have come or not... We ordered. Were given our glasses and went to sit down.  As soon as I was about half way through my drink I noticed there was lipstick on my glass.  My husband took it up to the front to show them and get a different glass.  No apology, no nothing.  Just took the glass and gave him a new one.  The service here sucks, and I hate to say it, but it might be due to their staff which is all teenagers.  I wish young people had more respect for others.  Needless to say we will not be eating here again.  Oh, I gave them one start because their pad Thai was pretty good.  Not a lot of seasoning, but not too bad.
3	We have gone to the NBN on Rea Rd for a quick pre-movie meal a few times.  While the food is definitely not outstanding, it is decent and relatively fast.  We went to the Steele Creek location yesterday and the food is the same.  My main gripe with it is that they nickel and dime you for everything for everything extra.  If you want chciken in your lo mein, it will cost an extra few dollars for only four ounces.  Same goes for their Italian style dishes.  Once you add it up, you can get better food cheaper at the local Chinese restaurant, or at the pizza place, for less money.  The only time we will eat here is if we have a coupon so it makes it more reasonable.  I have met the owner of the local franchises though, and he is a good guy that does a lot in community.  Oh, there are also a lot of kids running around in the place too.  One almost got ran over by an employee carrying food.
1	We were out and wanted to find something quick beside fast food. Went here because we had tried the one in Stonecrest before. couldn't be more disappointed, the food wasn't good, very greasy and salty, doesn't taste like the one we had in Stonecrest, the table was sticky, not very clean, and the A.C was not working on a 90 degree day. The thing that bothers me the most is that I checked the nutrtion on their website, the calories and sodium of eating a bowl of noodle are a lot worse than eating fast food. I mean, a lot, a lot, it's a shocking discovery!!
1	We've driven by this location several times and I was excited to try it.  Turns out, I was confusing it with Noodles and Co.  I realized my mistake once I saw the menu, but since we were there we gave it a try.  I wish we had passed. Based on the appearance of the menu, I am shocked this is a chain.  The menu signs are poorly designed and look cheap.   The entire set up just isn't that professional looking. Nothing about the place screams fresh food.  I ordered a Sesame Lo Mein.  It was ok.  Not horrible, but not good either. Kids both had Mac n cheese.  They liked it well enough, but I thought I was flavorless.  The bizarre thing was my hubs'  meal. He ordered a shrimp pesto dish. He should have read the description more carefully.  It arrived as a big bowl of shrimp and pesto looking liquid -  lack of a better description.  This bowl was nestled in a big bowl of raw spinach.  In all my years of eating out, I just couldn't figure it out.  The pesto concoction wasnt soup and there was no dressing for the spinach, so it wasn't a salad - what in the world do you do with this meal?  We went and read the menu description thinking they must have forgot the pasta, but no, they didn't.  This item is listed as a specialty of theirs.  Just.plain.weird.  He ended up buying a bowl of noodles to mix the sauce into and it actually tasted ok, but what a pain!  We ended up taking the raw spinach home in two take out boxes - there was that much spinach!  Four hours to think about it and i still cant figure out what that meal was supposed to be.  We will not be back.
3	I like it. Always fast and consistent. Good deal. They could use some staff they looked happier and was a little more upbeat about working.
2	Pros: Large portions, and good service - very friendly, sweet girl behind the registerCon: The food just isn't very good. The only flavor the Pad Thai has is salty.
5	I don't know where all these negative reviews are from...I had the Pad Thai today and it was AWESOME!
3	Hello friends,Its more so 2 Stars (Ok). Me and mine stopped by here for a quick lunch. Pretty nice layout. This was our first time here and really didn't know what to do. Finally we found out that its nothing complex at all. Read the menu and chose from it. Easy! The Tai Lettuce wrap thingy-majig Appetizer. ($5.99)I ordered the Spicy Cajun Pasta ($6.99) with add Chicken (4oz for $2.49). My wife ordered Shrimp Scampi ($11.39) with extra Shrimp add on ($2.79). I found my food to be (2 Stars Meh, I've experienced better). Pasta cooked pretty well... Aldente. Nice sauce. The chicken was 1-2 stars in that it really had no flavor. It could have been tofu. The Stand out was actually the BREAD. GOOD googaly moogaly. I could (and maybe should) have just ordered the bread alone. Wifey really didn't enjoy her food as much as I wish I did and not as much as I did the bread. She said it was bland. Needed salt etc. so that helped me because that only means More food (unfortunately not the bread) for me and Grumbles. I would come back to try something else out... Maybe. With a tab of $30.00+ (food & drink) I most likely will go somewhere else. Or just come back for the bread. Did I happens to mention the bread was the highlight. TTFN
4	Based upon multiple visits: best tomato basil soup in town! Made per order from scratch! Who does this? Awesome result!Have only had the Chicken Parm entree. It was average for a chain restaurant. If I wanted the genuine Italian article, I would've gone to a genuine Italian restaurant.As far as service goes, no complaints. Fast and courteous for a bunch of teenagers.
2	Noodles, noodles, noodles. Rice noodles, wheat noodles, egg noodles. You name it, they probably do it. Things that aren't "noodly" but guess what? They are! Whether it's beef stroganoff or mac & cheese or fettucine alfredo.But I didn't want any of those. Today was a "Thai" day and so it was the Pad Thai for me. Brought out to my table a few minutes later, it had all the visual requirements - bits of egg, a garnish of cilantro, peanuts and a sliver of lime. But where it was missing out was the zing spiciness I was expecting. It just... wasn't there. Plenty of noodles and they were cooked right. But it just didn't have the flavor I was hoping to have.I'd recommend trying something else. Unless non-spicy is your thing, in which case, noodle on!
3	Hello friends,Its moreso 2 Stars (Ok). Me and mine stopped by here for a quick lunch. Pretty nice layout. This was our first time here and really didn't know what to do. Finally we found out that its nothing complex at all. Read the menu and chose from it. Easy! The Tai Lettuce wrap thingy-majig Appetizer. ($5.99)I ordered the Spicy Cajun Pasta with add Chicken (4oz for $2.49). My wife ordered Shrimp Scampi ($11.39) with extra Shrimp add on ($2.79). I found my food to be (2 Stars Meh, I've experienced better). Pasta cooked pretty well... Aldente. Nice sauce. The chicken was 1-2 stars in that it really had no flavor. It could have been tofu. The Stand out was actually the BREAD. GOOD googaly moogaly. I could (and maybe should) have just ordered the bread alone. Wifey really didn't enjoy her food as much as I wish I did and not as much as I did the bread. She said it was bland. Needed salt etc. so that helped me because that only means More food (unfortunately not the bread) for me and Grumbles. I would come back to try something else out... Maybe. With a tab of $30.00+ (food & drink) I most likely will go somewhere else. Or just come back for the bread. Did I happens to mention the bread was the highlight. TTFN
4	So, I haven't written many reviews on here, mainly because, well, I can be lazy. There, I said it. But after reading through some other reviews I thought I should share mine. Let me start by saying this is one of my son's stand-by favs. And my hubby & I think it's not too shabby either. Quick, convenient, & tasty. While service has been sometimes spotty in the past, I noticed on our visit tonight that the staff went out of their way and were very courteous & accommodating. There are signs stating that they have new management & it seems to show (which is why I upped my star count to 4). Little man's regular dish is basil pesto pasta w/shrimp and mine/hubby's is the spicy Japanese noodles. I read reviews that the pad Thai is not spicy, but if you're looking for a kick, these noodles are the way to go!All in all, if you're looking for a quick bite in the area and want to avoid "fast food," then it's definitely worth a visit.One last note for my thrifty friends, there are often coupons in the LKW magazine if you receive that in the mail. :)
1	The food is okay, but evidently the management cares nothing about the comfort of their patrons. In summer, it is blazing hot inside. In winter, better bring a blanket. When all your customers are eating with their heavy winter coats on, maybe you can get a clue? Not a transient problem, it's been this way since the place opened. I won't be back.
4	Wow, does everyone come here for Pad Thai instead of just go get Thai?! Yeah, it was a little chilly, but the food was good and warm! This place wouldn't, though, have been what it was without one of those teenagers (who need a job too), Sydney. She was AMAZING! She was pleasant and polite, and overly helpful in making suggestions and recommending foods. She made sure we were taken care of, asked if we needed anything, didn't rush us when the time was getting near close on a Saturday night... The most disappointing part of it all is that this is the best way she knew of to thank her for a job well done. I was so glad this is where we decided to eat dinner so that it could be such a wonderful experience!
4	I'm not going to lie - I didn't have high hopes for NBN. I have a hard time beliving that one restaurant can master an array of cuisines and I generally tend to prefer places that specialize in one whether it be Chinese, Italian, Greek,  etc. That being said, when my co-worker suggested it I thought it couldn't hurt to at least try it out.It is a fast-casual set up making it ideal for lunch. You order at the counter, get your number, and they bring it to you-simple and fast. I decided to try the spicy cajun pasta- I believe it was a VERY reasonable $7. A few minutes later and out came a heaping bowl of pasta. I could have easily split the portion into two meals for myself- but I did not have any leftoves because it was so good. I couldn't believe my taste-buds but the penne were perfectly al dente, the sauce creamy-zesty perfection, loads of slighlty-crisp red peppers and topped with grated parmesan. I honestly was shocked that this came out of a fast-casual place and cost so little. The restaurant itself appeared clean and pretty standard. It is ideal for lunch or a quick/super casual dinner. It also seemed very kid-friendly with choices like buttered noodles. I definitely will return- and am hoping it is every bit as delicious as last time!
