5	I was very happy with the service I received.  The body shop is super clean and they saved me money by giving me honest advice on dealing with my insurance company.  There was plenty of parking and I found the shop convenient even though I live in Southwest Las Vegas and Automall Autobody is in Henderson.  Worth the drive!
5	Best repair shop in the Las Vegas valley.  If you want an Autobody shop with integrity, this is your choice.  Great facilities (they even have an arcarde!) and an even better staff.
5	unbelievable !!!!!   i wish if i could give more than five stars. my car came out just like auto show looking car. love it!!!!! amazing job and excellent customer service. I feel so lucky,I had a couple of times  bad experience from other body shops. i'd like to thank you to wesley and all the staff, you guys are the best!!!!!
5	This place is awesome! The customer service is incredible and the mechanics are straightforward and knowledgeable...I'd have to say this is the best body shop in Las Vegas, Nevada, if you need your car looking top notch and running smooth bring your car to their massive, state of the art facility.They even have an arcade to entertain you while you wait!
5	An honest auto shop with fair prices and great staff?! Finding this place was like finding the mythical unicorn of autobody repair. When my car was nearly totaled in a multi-car accident the insurance company recommended Automall Autobody for all the repairs - after extensive work, you'd never know the car had even been in a wreck! The staff are extremely helpful - Stacey at the front desk was great about keeping me updated on the repairs with calls and the manager, Tim, handled every problem I encountered with the insurance company. They even have a top notch waiting room - a completely separate area with couches, poll tables and video games! How many repair shops have a waiting room you genuinely don't mind waiting in?I can't recommend them highly enough! They never tried to sell me any repairs I didn't need on top of being fast.
5	Outstanding service from the time I walked in the door until the time I picked up my car. Obviously no one wants to spend time in a body repair shop, no more than a person wants to go to the doctor because you want to go there to hang out. You go to the auto body shop because you generally have had a misfortune by your own doing or someone else's. You're already not in a good mood, or at least your best mood; there's a price you're going to pay. Automall Autobody did a wonderful job in managing the mood, offering me water on a hot day, quickly getting to the bottom line, and coming up with a fair estimate. The job was done right, and quicker than the estimated time suggested. This was as good as it gets in having an experience at an auto body shop.
5	Automall is the best! First they fixed my wife's BMW bumper and then they did my Mazda a month later when it got hit!  These guys do professional work and the staff in the office is friendly and knowledgeable. I will be taking my cars here for as long as they are around. Hopefully....I don't have to be in much!
5	When I got rear ended, this was the auto shop my insurance company sent my car to. From the beginning, everyone was very professional and I got constant emails with updates of the progress of my repairs. My bumper was fixed in a very reasonable amount of time and they did a great job. I was also told that the work done has a lifetime guarantee so if anything goes wrong with it in the future I can bring it back and they will fix it for free. The only criticism I have is that this is the first auto shop I've been to that doesn't have any weekend hours. I had to rearrange my work schedule so that I could pick up my car before they closed for the weekend. However, one of their employees stayed late past their closing time on a Friday to accommodate my schedule so I did appreciate that.
5	Friendly, prompt service, excellent repair, door to door service (we live nearby). Recommended by insurance and now recommended by us! Will bring all our repair business here!
5	We were rear ended.  Went and talked to Ron and he was great,  fixed our Juke it looks brand new. Very friendly place. Would highly recommend Automall. Thanks Ron.
5	I got in a fender bender at the wrong time!! I had family coming to town and needed my car to be done ASAP. I took it in on a Tuesday and by Friday it was done. The staff was professional and timely. They did quality work while being on time. I would HIGHLY recommend to everyone.
