4	Another Arcadia Farms location that falls squarely in the "ladies who lunch" category and I don't mean that in a negative way.  Located at the Heard Museum, this one has a definite southwestern twist.  I come here about once every two weeks and the food has always been fantastic.   My current favorite item is the pulled pork quesidilla  that was just added to the menu a couple months ago.  The veggie wrap is also quite good.  The posole is a little disappointing.  Don't order the posole. The patio is lovely and relaxing.  Once the weather cools off a little bit more, I highly recommend stopping in for a leisurely lunch.
4	If you can manage your way through all the construction going on to get to the Heard Museum, Arcadia Farms offers a surprisingly creative and delicious lunch menu.  My mom and I shared the posole and chopped salad (forgot its name, but it had israeli couscous, avocado, dried blackcurrants, pumpkin seeds and some other stuff with an AMAZING basil dressing) and were quite satisfied dining under the cool trees on the patio.  I was prob the only person at the entire resto (and the entire museum for that matter) who was b/t the age of 15 and 60.  But aint no denying a good meal :)
4	I've only eaten here once. And when I went, it was a nice time. I had a nice strawberry & chicken salad. It was verrrry sweet! It almost hurt my teeth! The place is very beautiful and small. I don't recommend coming with a large group unless you want to dine outside. The outdoor dining area is very beautiful. The Hear Museum is a very pretty place. I love the water canal and mock wo'o (swimming holes). My largest complaint is that besides the Pesole (which isn't that great btw), nothing on the menu is traditional Native American Fare. As a Native person who appreciates the wonderful tastes and textues of traditional Native foods from the many tribes of Arizona... to have a museum that celebrates our cultures and yet doesn't celebrate our food is counter productive and disappointing. We eat more than frybread!!If you're out at the museum and want a nice quiet lunch in a tranquil autmosphere this is a great place to dine. But PLEASE don't think what they serve is what Natives eat!
4	This may have been one of the most tranquil meals I have enjoyed.  We sat on the patio and I felt as if I was sitting in another world.  I felt as if I was removed from all the stresses of work and life and really sat and enjoyed my surroundings.  I don't remember what I ate, I believe it was a sandwich of some sort.  I left Arcadia Farms feeling all warm and fuzzy.
5	YUM!  And the setting couldn't be more beautiful.   I often grab lunch here even when I'm not going to the Museum, it's just such a beautiful, quiet setting, particularly if it is nice enough to sit outside.  I've often brought out-of-town guests to this spot and they are ALWAYS impressed.    There are far too few outdoor dining experiences in Phoenix like this - because the sitting is in the middle of a courtyard, you don't have the annoyance of car noise or smells nearby.   It's an oasis!   Love it.
3	It makes me a little sad to write this review- I had high hopes for Arcadia Farms. It had been recommended to me time and again and the reviews all sounded amazing. I didn't hate the place but I didn't love it. The setting is lovely and the service was great but the food was, well, eh at best. I had the crab cakes which didn't tast particularly fresh and I though the portion was very skimpy for the price. My mother had their california roll salad- big mistake! The salad came on top of a rice ball which was cold, hard and dry- like it had been refrigerated for days- unacceptable! The rest of the salad was a let down as well- few shrimp and not many other ingredients on the plate. We had a pitcher of sangria which was ok but overpriced. The best thing was the lemon cake cookie. Don't get me wrong- it is a cute little lunch place- but not all it is cracked up to be by any means.
5	So sad to hear that Arcadia Farms pulled out of the Heard Cafe.   Haven't tried the new offerings yet... hope it's just as good, but be advised as of May 2009 it's no longer by the wonderful Arcadia Farms.
5	Okay so it's no longer operated by Arcadia Farms - the Heard Museum took over operations earlier this year.  BUT, they're doing a great job.  The menu is basically the same and the staff is mostly the same people too.  So it's still worth going.... not "CLOSED" but under new management.
