5	I needed a new battery at 8pm. Although I knew that I could get one at lots of stores, I wasn't sure if I had the tools to install it myself. I stopped by this O'Reilly's location and the man at the desk (I can't remember his name) was VERY friendly. He helped me find the right battery and when I told him that my car was in the parking lot, he grabbed his tools and installed it for me! I don't know if this is common here, but I was shocked by it (no pun intended). He did a great job and it was very quick. I think I paid a little more for the battery itself than I would have if I had gone to Walmart or similar, but they also wouldn't have installed it (free!) at 8pm. Thanks!!!
4	Very helpful, free diagnostic check, open late, and being a girl pays because you can ask for help without having to worry about not knowing how to do it yourself.I felt the guy who helped me could have been more friendly (almost like he was scared of me), but the job was done. Close to home and has warranty on batteries and great exchange policy.
1	Today my husband went to pick up the part we ordered last Saturday for my car... They DIDN'T order it...He called and gave his Credit Card to whoever answered the phone... They said it would be 5 days... Okay,,, We waited... In the mean time the truck needed some work and while getting parts, My husband asked about the part for my car... He was assured that it would be in Friday... Sooo we had no reason to believe that it wouldn't be... Well it WASN'T there.... Soooo we wait again.... This time we ordered from Autozone.... and it turns out that there wait time is onl ONE Day....
1	I would give it zero stars if I could. This O'Reillys has no customer service. We went to purchase a brake light and a headlight and ask them if they could please put them in and they said no because it was dark outside and we could come back when it's light outside and they could see what they can do. So we went to AutoZone where they helped us and installed with no problem even though it was dark outside. I say stay away from this place.
