5	This man can do amazing things with his hands if you know what I mean ;-) He was a fantastic entertainer and balloon maker at the Yelp Pleydate event at the Phoenix Children's museum last night. We laughed our rear ends off he was so amusing and he made some fantastic pieces. He's able to come up with great ideas for both children and adult themed items, He made everything anyone requested last night. He even fulfilled our request for the dirtiest balloon creature of the night. He did not disappoint!Hire this man.
5	This guy is AWESOME!  Yes all capital letters AWESOME!  We saw him perform at the yelp PleY date and wanted to pull up a chair and watch him all night.  He was entertaining, engaging and also talented with balloon art (no crappy giraffes here).  I want to throw a party just so I have a reason to hire him.
5	We hired Dizzie for my daughter's birthday party.  They turned 6 & 9. He was very easy to work with over the phone.  He asked lots of ?'s about my girls over the phone.  He showed up on time and once he walked in the fun began.  He not only entertained the kids, but the adults as well.  He made sure every child got a cool balloon creation but interacted with them too.  Dizzie was open to all the kids requests and he delivered some spectacular balloon art!  Do not hesitate to hire this gentleman, he will make your party a hit.
5	After reading the three positive reviews I decided to give him a call. After taking down my number I did not hear back from him for nearly a week in a half. After sending me pictures of what I was asking he quoted me $80.00hr min 3hrs.  I booked him almost two months before the and checked that off my list of birthday party planning. Three weeks before my two year olds birthday I get an email that he overlooked his schedule and was not avail until next day =( that sucks. Than again. How rude.Hopefully next time.
5	"Twerk!, twerk!, twerk!, twerk!"This guy puts on a show! He's extremely talented with balloons and crafts just about anything you can dream up. I met him at an adults only pool party at Luster Bar in downtown recently, I'm guessing this was quite the change of pace for him from the normal birthday party.Dizzie crafted a dancer out of balloons, right before our eyes, attached her to a hat and it was passed from person to person for the next few hours. I then saw him create an intricate hat weaved, twisted, and sewn from seven or eight different balloons. No swords and basic hat's from this guy. From there, he went on to create a few more balloon sculptures, and had I kept up with him I would have spent the whole party watching; I decided to move on to the pool.While swimming I saw him from across the pool, wearing a life guard t-shirt, and he was all too excited to join into my humorous shtick. At one point he saved me from "fake drowning" in the three feet deep pool. If I ever throw a party, I know who I'm bringing for entertainment. Dizzie, You're quite the entertainer!Happy Yelping Phoenix, this guy is a man of many talents.
5	Dizzie is phenomenal! We hired him for our daughter's first birthday party and he kept everyone (parents, three year olds, babies) entertained for a solid 2.5 hours. He is truly a talented artist with a dynamic personality. Our friends and family were blown away by his creations. I would recommend him in a heartbeat!
5	Dizzie is not just a balloon artist, he's the complete show! If I had just enough money to have one entertainment component for a party (and not just a kid's one), I would spend that money on hiring Dizzie. He always comes to the party with a smile on his face and a show ready to go! I've hired him for a pool party and he showed up dressed like a life guard. I hired him for a large event and he decided to wear stilts and create balloon animals while walking on stilts! Did I also mention that he's a performer? He dances and has a dance group you could hire and he's just plain entertainment because he's also a member of the Harlem Globe Trotters! Dizzie the Balloon Artist caters to the theme and demographic of the party and he's a blast every step of the way. Oh and he's also very talented in actually creating adorable balloon animals!
5	I want Dizzie at every party I go to! He's super entertaining, high-energy, and lots of fun. And the things he can create with those balloons...unreal! Can't wait to see Dizzie again at another event :-)
5	Dizzie was an AMAZING balloon artist and emcee for a very special 5th birthday party this past weekend. I look forward to hiring him over and over again! Thanks Dizzie and see you soon - Mobile Make-Believe Events
5	We hired Dizzie to entertain the kids at our twins 1st birthday party - in short, he was incredible!  He delivered far more than I expected and all of our guests (kids and grown-ups) enjoyed his show.  I was expecting music and balloon fun, but he also had a mixture of music and games for the kids, rallied the guests for group photos and MC'ed the party to keep it flowing well.  In fact, I don't think I could have imagined the party without Dizzie.  Even more, he flew back from LA early to make it back in time for our party!Highly recommended!!
5	Simply amazing! HIRE HIM. I have never seen anyone so creative with balloons. We met this wonderful person at Applebee's. He was the highlight of our night. I will be telling my friends about him.
