3	Ok, here's a hint to the pharmacy staff:  if you've got a guy sneezing and coughing holding every cold remedy known to mankind, for the love of all that is holy ... stop what you are doing and attend to the register. Five people all moving like lightning filling prescriptions for customers that won't show up for hours (because there was only three of us waiting in front of the register) and nobody wants to keep the spread of influenza to a minimum?
1	This cvs pharmacy must be a top contender for THE SLOWEST pharmacy in the world. I have spent more time waiting in line to drop off and pick up prescriptions here than I have actually being at doctors' offices. Just today, with a car full of small children, I waited 40 minutes in the drive through (with only 2 cars ahead of me) trying to pick up a prescription. When you actually pull up to the window, you can see the staff laughing and joking with each other as they tell you to "hold on just a minute!" And continue to talk to each other. Interacting with customers though is serious business. No more laughing or smiling, just serious give-me-your-info-NOW and let's-hurry-this-up-so-I-can-get-back-to-my-friends tones in their voices. But seriously. They are ridiculously SLOW! Usually (at other pharmacies) you can get a prescription filled while you wait. Unless you are shopping in CVS for a couple hours, don't count on that here. I'm pretty sure they have a minimum of 2 hours to wait. I've never been told it will be done sooner than that. I have been told I may want to come back the next day....I wish there was another pharmacy that accepted my insurance closer to where I live. I would never set foot in or near this one again.
1	The slowest pharmacy (by far) I've ever experienced. There are plenty of bodies behind the counter but what they're doing back there? Who knows. More often than not, my prescriptions aren't even ready when I arrive so I have to wait while they fill them.  Unfortunately it is the closest option to my house.
1	I get phone calls saying my meds are ready. I go to the CVS only to find out my drugs aren't ready. The staff are unknowledgable unfriendly and very rude. The head pharmacist just stands there doing nothing while other assistants just doing their own thing. The other half of the time when my prescriptions are ready they are the wrong ones. What are they trying to do kill me?. I make this rating on a day that CVS was not busy and no one was in line to be waited on
1	I walked into CVS knowing exactly what I wanted: two boxes of movie theater candy. When I walked in, the store was completely empty. I didn't see or hear anyone. I grabbed the candy I wanted and waited at the register. Um, Hello? Is anyone here? I stood around for a few minutes (did I mention I was in a hurry?). I even considered just walking out with my sugary goods. Finally, an employee walked up to help ring us up. She didn't offer any apologies for her absenteeism but was at least semi-polite during the two second checkout process. Oh, and she didn't bother to ask if I had a rewards card either. I think this CVS location needs to invest in one of those ringy bell things. Worst CVS experience to date.
5	I have used both the photo area and pharmacy since moving to the neighborhood, and I must say these people have continued to provide good customer service.Many reviews I read about this location are dated and do NOT reflect the staff currently. I would recommend stopping by and giving them another try!Plus the sales on diapers have been a great find when I shop there..
