1	The only reason you would ever stay here is that you are a college student, this is the cheapest option you found, and everywhere else in Montreal was already booked. The office staff's default position is rude; acting as though you are putting them out for their building failing you. On that topic, you will be routinely awoken by construction noise (please read: repair noise) as the building is in a constant state of disrepair. Frequently the water is turned off for up to 4 hours at a time to make "emergency repairs". The emergency is seemingly ever-present. Additionally some of the buildings have bed bugs and if you report it to them they will make you feel as though it is your fault even though year after year they have an exterminator scheduled to arrive weekly to combat the ongoing issue. You would be better off, and better served, pitching a tent in the middle of any nearby park.
1	If I could give it negative stars I would. Rude and incompetent management, especially since they were bought by Oxford, old building that is falling apart. Be prepared to be woken up by construction noise at 7am repeatedly, management who doesn't respond to repair requests, and doesn't care at all. The rent is very expensive for Montreal and you get nothing for your money. I had to threaten to take them to court to get them to break my lease, my apartment had mold all over the ceiling. I found out it had been repeatedly flooded, once in a fire, and once by flooding in the nearby apartments, and management tried to deny this had ever happened.
2	I lived in one of the buildings since June 2013. The location is amazing (saq metro etc downstairs) and the apartments are in decent condition, albeit expensive. It's over $1100 for 500 SF. The water pressure in the shower is amazing and I never had any issues with hot water. The kitchens are dated though functional. As far as the apartment itself, I am content with my experience at LaCite.As far as the office goes, they are extremely unprofessional. I did not receive my signed lease until a month and a half after I moved in (the property manager hand's signed it). Fortunately, I months went by before I had to deal with the incompetency of the LaCity office. When my lease was up for renewal I had another terrible experience. I contacted the contact person on my lease, the assistant manager Mrs. Carmosino, via email and left messages via telephone. I did not hear back from her until after the deadline (5 weeks after I left the first message). She was extremely rude. Rather than addressing the fact that she had not contacted me, she was insulting and had a holier-than-thou attitude. As someone who has customer service experience, I was appalled.
