1	This property has the most unprofessional manager that I have ever encoutered.  She challenges residents to fights!
1	Very disappointing experience. Looking for a place for my dad. Went in on a Saturday and they were closing early (10 minutes after we arrived) so they were in a rush. J. at the front desk gave us an application and insisted that they needed a money order to hold the apartment for my dad, felt like she couldn't get us out of there fast enough. Returned on Monday morning and gave the completed application and money order to O., who apparently is the manager, not that identified herself as such while we were there. She actually did not tell us much of anything, except at the very end, she told us it was Affordable Housing. I have no idea what that means, and it isn't posted anywhere in their office or stated anywhere on the application paperwork. I literally have no context for what the means in that moment or that he needed to qualify for his apartment.Later in the week I called to find out when we could get into the apartment and waited on hold for almost 10 minutes (not like "oh it was a long hold", like it was literally 9 minutes and change that I sat on hold). Apparently my dad had made some errors on the application and they gave his apartment away - no one called us, no one notified my dad that he'd have no place to move into 3 short days later and there are no other apartments for him in the complex. That was it, they just gave it away and didn't bother to tell us until I called.I emailed them 2 days after that asking them to mail my money order back. Today I sat on hold for 11 minutes to find out it still hasn't been mailed. Above is all fact, now for my opinion: The people who work here are miserable, careless and disconnected, going through their job duties like apathetic robots, and I feel dismayed that our tax dollars subsidize this place. Don't bother with this place, get a roommate, look for other Affordable Housing options, whatever you need to do. This place has bad energy, not worth it, no matter how cheap it is.
1	I wouldn't even give this place 1 star..... This is the biggest shit hole I have ever lived in, even the people who lived here were weird. The property manager was a huge bitch and never helped me with anything.I lived here awhile ago because I needed to move fast and it was close to where I was to begin with, so before moving in I asked several times if they ever had a problem with bugs and she assured me they sprayed and never had problems.... (I don't do bugs) I moved in met the neighbors all sketchy..... After about a month I would spit a bug here or there so told the prop manager I wanted a  inside spray which they did.... A week later their were roaches everywhere I would walk in my house they would scatter they were on the ceilings in the closets not just a couple like an infestation..... Pissed I went to the prop manager who said they had to bomb my apt... They did it it didn't work I complained everyday never any results so went to the city and got an option to leave my lease which I did.... Oh I forgot to mention 4 different people in the complex had bed bugs !!! Anyways I moved out into a beautiful home in Arcadia and still have nightmares about how terrible this place was !!!! I am warning you this place is nasty !!
