3	Went last night to their Grand Opening! I have to be honest, I probably wouldn't have gone except for the fact that "Simplified" was playing. I just don't hang out in Southpark much. Anyways, this was our first time there. Great decor, cool bar with a side that opens to a cool patio, also. Staff was very friendly and sweet! Every one of them! Our waitress was a little frazzled (it was her first night), got a few of our drink orders wrong, but no big deal, she was nice and apologetic about it! It didn't bother us at all. I had the Lobster Mac-n-Cheese and it was fantastic. Only suggestion I'd have for that item is, you have to have some bread or something to go with it! Issues I had were the following: 1. Any bar that has bottled beer (I realize some places are draft only) has to have Corona! All bars with bottle beer have Corona. 2. The tables are way too close too each other. I realize it was the Grand Opening, but there wasn't room for the wait staff to even walk by. Unfortunately, wait staff, customers had to squeeze by our table for two under the tree the WHOLE night. It doesn't make it fun as you're eating that your table continues to get bumped, rattled, jackets swinging by as people brushed into our table and drinks and even our food! Unfortunately, there was no where to even slide our table away even a little. 3. *** And this is a big one. The men's bathroom offers no (and I mean zero) privacy from the outside when someone opens the door. It's one square room with a urinal and a toilet! No stalls, no side petitions, nothing! Very weird and I've never seen this at a restaurantThe crowd was a cool, professional, well mannered and nicely dressed group. Typical of Southpark. I probably won't go back until they get Corona (just my personal decision), but the food is good, parking deck has a lot of free parking, great staff and an awesome patio! I just hope they do so something about the men's restroom!
3	A group of us were curious about a tree in the middle of a restaurant so we decided to give this place a try!For being brand new, the wait for a table was moderate and typical for a Saturday night. They do allow reservations and call ahead seating. The ambiance was different and interesting with a storybook type theme throughout the restaurant. I'm a big foodie and it takes a lot for me to rate anything really highly. The baked beer cheese and brisket sandwich were really good however my side was the bacon cheddar grit cakes was bland. All I tasted was grits. I tried my friend's lobster Mac and cheese and it was also very bland and we both had bites with shell in it. Also, there wine pours were ridiculously small. They should either charge less or pour more! I maybe would try this place again in the summer when you could enjoy the patio. Otherwise, the food wasn't good enough for me to come back and it was pricey for the portion size.
1	Unfortunately, if I could give 0 stars I would.  We went to Treehouse for their grand opening on Friday and not much to report since the service was pretty terrible.  Granted it was their opening night, but they just seemed terribly unprepared.  It took almost half an hour before we got the beer that we ordered and another half an hour to get our salad.  The salad actually wasn't half bad, but that's all we ended up eating since after 1 hour and 20 minutes later, we were still waiting for our food.  We ended up following the lead of another table that decided to leave after only getting waters, waiting too long for their food.  We couldn't even get a grab of the waitress to pay for our salad and beer and ended up just giving cash to the hostess just so we could get out.It's too bad, seemed like a fun concept, but don't plan on going back unless we hear that they fix those issues.
3	Came here this past Saturday with a group of friends who mentioned a new place opening up with lots if whiskey selections.They didn't have what I was looking for so I went with a Johnny Black on the rocks. Hard to mess up you with think? It was ALL ice - I literally got 1 sip out of it. I know what a $10 pour of Johnny black looks like, and I sure didn't get it. I was pretty disappointed. Other people in my group got some wine. $9 Pinot Grigio and the pour they got was extremely lacking (3 ounces, if that). They ordered a second round once we sat down and even after letting the waitress know that the pour was small the first time (assuming it was human error) she came back and said that it was a standard pour for them. If that's the case they should be charging $4.50/glass. The food - it wasn't bad, it wasn't great. The beer cheese dip was pretty good and the salmon sliders were tasty, but lacked salmon. I also had the Brisket Sandwich and that was VERY good. It came with bacon cheddar deep fried grit cakes - unfortunately the only thing you can taste in that is GRITS.I will give this place another shot as they are just getting up and running, however I will be in no rush to go back anytime soon.
3	I really give Treehouse five stars for atmosphere and the great patio! However the food was just mediocre. We started with the salmon BLT sliders and the beer cheese dip. The sliders were good but had too much bread. The cheese dip was okay but I did love the chips they served with it. I liked the fact too that they put the sausage on the side since I don't eat meat but my friends could enjoy!I ordered the fish and chips tacos which were pretty good. My side was the corn succotash which was not that good. It was obvious it was canned corn and there was meat in it. Although I mentioned to our waitress that I don't eat meat, she did not bother to tell me it had meat in it.My friend ordered a hamburger and fries. Although a simple meal, she said the beef patty was overdone. The waitress never asked her how she wanted it cooked.My other friend ordered the small barbecue plate. Let me tell you that thing was huge! When the manager came by to check on us, my friend mentioned she was surprised that no barbecue sauce was served with the plate. He said that three sauces should come with it, so he came out with those. But again our waitress never offered those. She also got the succotash and thought it was just okay. She got the grit cakes as well and said those were pretty good.As a whole we decided we would go back for drinks as the patio was so cool! But probably won't eat there again.
4	The early reviewers should cut the staff some slack. I'd expect some glitches on opening day. I tried the half roasted chicken with corn succotash and apple slaw. Everything was delicious. I can see the patio becoming a very popular destination. My only complaint would be the weak mixed drinks at strong prices.
4	We had a bday party there last night 18 of us.the platter of food we got was really good, the buffalo chicken egg rolls were not spicy or seasoned at all. The pork belly app is awesome.  The only complaint we had was the wine pours were very small, other than that we will be a regular there.
1	Just what charlotte southpark needed, another chauvinist restaurant with young girls not pretty enough to strip in short shorts and mediocre food lol. The waitress hung over the top of the table while I ate with my husband and tried to flirt for her tips. Definitely not going back anytime soon.
1	Swing and a missI noticed the little signs saying 'Now Open' for about a week and was excited to try it out. Really was looking forward to a nice, unpretentious bar with good food near my house. First the restaurant is just weird looking. Definitely tree themed with a fake tree in the center of the dining room and a log motif on one wall but there is another space with an odd collage of manly movie stars; Brando, James Dean, Eastwood, Connery and then there is a strange bamboo ceiling piece over the bar. Just doesn't tie together well... Then the waitstaff, cute and little and all wearing denim overalls. Really? It was pretty empty and I grabbed a seat at the bar. I was the ONLY person at the bar. Four televisions on and all tuned to the same Sunday Night Football game. I believe all the tv's were muted as music was playing. The place was also very cold - the door to the patio and the windows behind the bar were all open and was mid-50s. My bar stool was very wobbly so I switched to the next seat - looked like someone had pushed the back of the seat way back. Didn't help me at all - I tried to bend it back and that helped a bit. Regardless, the two seats I sat on should have been removed and fixed. Anyway I asked if they had any beer specials. Nope. So I order a beer, nice selection.Then I order the smoked chicken wing appetizer with blue cheese dressing and the large BBQ sample plate figuring I would take the leftovers home. Came with a side of coleslaw and one more side, I decided to try their sweet potato waffle fries.I tried to connect to their guest wifi. Website said ask your server for the password. Bartender doesn't know. Hostess and another waitress do not know. She comes back and asks me to try a password. No luck. Three minutes later some guy who had been outside smoking tells me to try another one. Not it. He tells me to capitalize the first character. Still nothing. He leaves. After about 10 minutes everything came out at once. Oy. Food looked all right, nothing too exciting. The pulled pork and the baby back ribs were less than room temperature. The smoked sausage was hot and the brisket was warm. Not a good sign. As far as I can tell the pulled pork was garbage - being cold didn't help but it was bland, needed salt and was very mushy. Tender is good, mushy is disgusting. The ribs were fine - tomato based sauce helped a bit but they were fine. Nothing to write home about but edible - probably been better had they been served warm. Brisket was good - on par with Mac's Speed Shop. Smoked sausage was also pretty tasty and the only hot food item I was served.As for the sides - meh. The waffle cut sweet potato fries are hard to screw up and the coleslaw was unremarkable. The dinner was also served with a jalapeno cheddar biscuit, it too was cold and way to dry. Smelled much better than it tasted. Bartender waited until I was empty before offering another beer. I need the other beer to wash down the biscuit bite that was trying to kill me...Appetizer, dinner and two beers and tip came to $55 - if the place is still open three months from now I will assume they made substantial changes and will try them again but I am thinking this place will be shuttered before then.
2	Recommended by a friend for their "good barbeque" and cool atmosphere. Tried it for lunch. Could be a generation gap but the waitress had purple hair and nose piercings. Immediately realized I was in the wrong place. Had the Korean taco as an appetizer. Tasty enough but mostly tortilla and not much filling. At $5.00 for a tortilla with less than an ounce of meat, some cilantro and a secret sauce it simply wasn't worth the price. BBQ sandwich was ok. Bun was nice and soft but the meat filled half the bun. Sweet potato fries came out cold and less than crisp. Didn't try the bar offerings since it was at lunch but heard the table next to us that did say the drinks were watered down and overpriced. The place just isn't special enough to earn a return visit. Too bad, a clever enough idea but at those prices they have to earn the business and quite simply, they didn't. Don't think this one will be around very long. The only way the make it is from the expense account crowd and there didn't appear to be enough of those business types in there to sustain it over time. Too many great options within a mile of the place.
2	Stopped by early Tuesday evening.  Restaurant not very busy.  Chloe was our server, very friendly and bubbly.  I like the variety on the menu.  A good variety where most people can find something to eat.  I ordered the briscuit sandwich.  For $15 i expected a huge sandwich heaping with everything they described on the menu.  What I received was a small bun with maybe 4 oz of meat and two little ramekins of toppings.My wife ordered 2 tacos.  The tacos tasted good but had very little filling in each one.  Again at $5/taco with no sides these are pricey.  We were both hungry after eating our food and ordered pecan pie.  The pie was good whole pieces of pecans on top but no pecans in the filling.  A 1/2 hour later after I left I was still hungry.  Not sure where the whiskey comes into play with the name.  They had an extensive beer list but I didn't see a similar whiskey list.  Treehouse might work as a place to go to after work for a drink but as a dinner destination there are better alternatives.
2	Another not-so-good review of this recently opened restaurant.  Unfortunately, the service was so slow that we only received one person's order (a salad, but hey, the mustard dressing was pretty good!).  We waited easily over an hour for the barbecue order which never came and no apologies from the wait staff.Also, we asked our server-in-training some questions on the food, and she was unable to answer as she's never tried them because she is vegetarian. Honestly, I know it shouldn't matter, but it's hard to trust someone who would never try the food there. Unfortunately, that was the most memorable part.I may try to come back but it looks like the food that people did get to eat wasn't worth it anyways.  Verdict: wait and see
2	Horrible food, horrible service, horrible management. Don't waste your time or money.
5	Treehouse is brand new to the South Park area and every time I have dined there, the experience was amazing. The interior decor is beyond amazing, relaxing and luxurious yet it has a comfortable ambiance for families, business associates, and friends. The patio is the best in this area equipped with heaters to keep you comfortable during the cooler evenings. They have a wonderful variety of options for every type of diet and each plate is delicious. This place definitely should be deemed the best BBQ and Brisket restaurant in the entire Charlotte area. I've had the opportunity to try many entrees and appetizers, and so far my favorites are the Beer Can Cheese Dip (appetizer), Korean, Argentine, and Fish & Chip tacos, Lobster Cobb Salad and Fire Grilled Salmon Salad, Crab Legs and Dirty Shrimp, Out & In Burger and Classic Burger, Carolina Pull Pork BBQ and Beer Can Chicken Sandwich, and lastly any of there BBQ combination plates! This place has every sauce you could think of to top off any and all menu selections and they are all made in house! Not to mention their incredibly friendly wait staff and over accommodating management team. Don't forget to try out there bar and large selections of draft beers and whisky!
2	Was hoping for a low key bar in Southpark....unfortunately I probably won't return. The bar tender was so rude and thought she was the coolest thing ever. Terrible martini, she was drinking her own drink on the bar out of a straw and was on her phone ..the worst part, the girls behind the bar kept flinging their hair everywhere and running their fingers through it and then making drinks without washing their hands. Bartender said she works uptown at Suite on the weekends - her behavior and long hair may work there but not for us.  We weren't given an itemized receipt so have no idea how much each of our drinks were however we were asked to start a tab with credit card ( I guess two folks in professional clothing are a flight risk at a Southpark bar at 5pm??)They allowed someone to smoke a cigar on the patio that drifted smoke into the place.The manager seemed to like flirting with the bartenders more than caring about getting patrons service. Music was really loud for 5 pm on a Thursday.  Didn't even try the food because we were so turned off by the bartenders we left.Pretty sure the 5 star review prior to mine was done by  a server who works there....
5	The grilled cheese and sweet potato fries are to die for! Servers were too sweet and adorable in overalls! Definitely coming back :)
2	Was really excited to try this place out. The decor was adorable and the service was pretty good, but found their food to be just okay. I tried two different tacos, one was okay, but the jerk chicken was awful. I even asked the waitress if it was in fact jerk chicken and she said it was and I told her I didn't like it at all. I didn't even it and mind you one taco with nothing else is $5. She didn't take it off the bill, which shows me they aren't interested in customer service.
3	This place has a lot potential. The food was very good! The bartender & waitress were very nice & helpful. The hostesses were not. They were indifferent to the fact that I stood in front of them at the hostess stand for several minutes while they talked. After telling them I had a party of 5, they wrote nothing down.  Finally, I asked if they needed my name & they took it. It was bizarre. Our food took a while to get, but it was very tasty. The corn succotash was amazing. This was a good place to watch a game. I think if they work on the speed and accuracy of service it would get 5 stars.
3	We will keep coming back for the drinks and the atmosphere. But...The food just isn't great. Beer-can chicken and turkey burger are dry and the beer cheese is like cheap nacho cheese. The wings are good and the Argentinean taco was very good. If they can step up the food quality, this has the potential to be my all time favorite. Service is better at the tables than the bar. The bartender was not very friendly or helpful, and a little condescending.You can't beat that patio on a nice day, though! Would love to see more Charlotte beers on the draught menu!!!
1	Just bad all around. The waitress we had was as sweet as could be but that doesn't make up for the less-than-stellar food. All four of us got sick after eating there. I don't think I'll be going back for a second try.
5	Yes, when it first opened, there were some kinks to work out, but the owners and servers have been busting their butts to make the place better. And, the food is exceptional. The ribs are INSANE (best I've had at a restaurant arguably ever), the grilled oysters are yummy and the cornbread muffin thingies with maple butter are delicious as well. This is a MUCHNEEDED addition to the SouthPark area and I'm happy to be a regular. Give it a second chance if you've only gone once; you won't be disappointed.
2	I have to say I was a little skeptical of this place, the reviews are bad and I called for call ahead seating and the hostess wasn't the friendliest or the brightest. However, with much hesitation, I gave it a try. I was excited to try a new place. First the hostess didn't even acknowledge I was there, I had to say excuse me (I know she saw me there). It is a tiny place, or maybe cozy is a better word. Our server was attentive right away and through out the meal. The food however...mediocre. The alcohol selection definitely trumps the food selection. I had the beer can chicken sandwich with mac-n-cheese as my side. The side was so small, think I finished it in 2 bites, and it was just warm, needed to be hotter, the chicken was OK...it wasn't dry, but not overly flavorful either. It needs something on the sandwich like BBQ sauce or mayo, something was missing. My friend  had the French onion soup and a wedge salad. The salad was huge, and she said the French onion soup was bland, a lot of salt needed to be added...it's hard to mess up soup. I think some of the food is over priced too for the portions and the taste. This isn't a great place but not a terrible place either. My favorite part was they have NoDa's Jam Session, it's on of my favorite local beers. I think this place has potential, but unfortunately it will take longer to get there than it should....you have to remember it is in the South Park area, people expect more.
4	Excellent meal, with friendly staff, and very comfortable dining area.  Quite active weekend crowd at the bar.
4	Casual dining experience. The wings had a bourbon/molasses glaze yummy.   We had the small platter.  4 meats and a side. We chose brisket,  ribs, pulled pork and chicken.  A side of baked beans and mac and cheese.  Meats perfectly cooked. Mac and cheese tender and creamy. More than enough food for two people with leftovers. Key lime pie had the right amount of sweet-tart. Server was attentive and helpful.  A really great place to enjoy barbque.
1	Well, I went back 2-3 times since the Grand Opening. All on Wednesdays because Simplified was playing! That's the ONLY reason I'd go there. I spoke with a manager the 2nd time I went there and he told me he personally would put Corona on the beer order! Still don't have it. I'd have to agree that the female bartenders are not very friendly, ever! No smiles, no "how are you", etc... Nothing! And that is each time I've been back! Two weeks ago I ordered a burger. It was ok. Fries are not very good. Last week I ordered a triple grilled cheese. It literally was THE smallest sandwich I've ever had. Two small bites and the 1/2 was gone! Way too little food for their prices! Add that with a bar staff that isn't friendly and you have a recipe for failure! If it wasn't for Simplified playing, I would not go back!
2	South Park still desperate for a decent casual restaurant other than chain Cheesecake Factory which is not a bad fallback fortunately.  This place trying hard to find itself with a wait staff young and honing their skills.  I'd guess ownership is completely male hiring mostly female bartenders and wait staff. Are they catering to 25 year old men or families? In addition to our waitress, at least 2 male manager types walk by and ask how things were - surprised we weren't asked to fill a 5 page survey. Menu has a Mexican restaurant feel - inexpensive food at average prices. One appetizer was described as fried oysters and consisted of 5 to 6 small 1/2" clam sized oysters in their shell for $15.00 - what!!?.  One of their wrap tacos had a entire 3/4" slice of lime buried in it - as I bit down to chew I was chewing the skin of a lime - seriously? Clearly somebody in the kitchen doesn't G.A.S. Next!
1	This place has a managerial problems,bartender problems, and pricing problems. Don't go.
1	I doubt if I will return. My wife and I got the BBQ combo plate with pulled pork, brisket, beer can chicken, and ribs. The brisket tasted like pot roast and the pulled pork kinda tasted like the brisket. The ribs were okay, but there are so many other places that have far better ribs. The chicken was above average, but nothing worth returning for For an app we got the smoked wings.  Decent flavor, but fatty. How can wings be fatty?The service was mediocre. The server was nice, but her knowledge of the menu was limited. I asked her a question and she had to take the menu from me and look at the description. The concept is too cute. Little Branches=Appetizers. Too cute. The only good thing was the nice selection of bourbon.
3	I thought I would give this place a shot seeing all the bad reviews I wanted to give it a chance. The only reason I got 3 stars is because it is a really cool concept with the tree in the middle of the restaurants. We went late on an off night and the wings were barely edible, however the pork taco was really good.  Price of seems decent, and the service was pretty good for only one bartender.  Probably won't be going back.
1	BBQ chicken was so dry it was almost inedible.  Clearly it had been sitting around warming for some time.  The drinks were so watered down it was impossible to taste the liquor.  I really wanted to like this place but there was nothing to like.  Just plain bad.
3	Food was ok. Really cool concept, but menu is all over the place. It's bbq meets seafood meets sandwiches. I opted for the burger and fries.. My burger was burnt, if we weren't in a hurry to get back home, I would have sent it back. Fries were good. My hubs had the pulled pork sandwich sans slaw and he said it was good, but didn't finish it. Food is a little on the pricey side. It set us back 40$ for 2 sandwiches and two side salads.
1	Wow what a disappointment for a restaurant in a prime location!  Look forward to the new tenants soon because this place is not going to make it! Cons 1. Wine prices for the amount of wine you receive - very tiny glasses2. Under cooked food (vegetables served not even par cooked basically raw)3. Food being served not how it's described on menu (turkey burger should be topped with cheese) 4. Servers are not customer pleasing (in so many words was told I was either stupid or blind) not very knowledgable on menu 5. A manager that needs to attend ' restaurant management' formal education. Didn't seem to know how to handle a difficult situation. Pros1. LocationOverall a very disappointment experience for our family. Red flag any restaurant that's not busy on a Saturday night should make you think twice...   Lastly, huge failure on our part that we didn't check reviews before we stepped foot inside! Had we read the reviews we would not have wasted our time or $$.
3	Food was great, service was not! We went on lunch, the server forgot about us and it took forever to get our food. She said she would take care of our meals.  The Korean taco and pulled pork pork sandwich was great. Mac n cheese was ok.  Our server disappeared again with our check so we could tip her.  When we got it she was o sorry manager only wanted to take off 75%. We just paid and left... Might be back only for the food...
1	Beware is all I can say. The tree house is one of those niche places with "witty" menu items like "sticks" instead of sides. The salad and soups are "leaves and sap" you get the point. Prices are way to high...bone in rib eye for $39!!!! It's a small interior with 10 bar stools. This place will be gone by summer 2015
3	Expected a lot more from this place but really it was just a sports bar with bar-level fare. Music too loud and tv's everywhere. French onion soup a little undercooked (cheese barely melted not browned), brisket tacos were pretty decent but meat was too tough. The Argentinian taco was pretty good though. Turkey burger average. The slaw was tasty for sure. Not bad overall; mediocre.
3	Food is ok, had the beef brisket taco, need a little more sauce . Can yall please add hooks under the bars for us chicks please
3	A very decent selection of beers on tap, especially quite a fee from North Carolina. This gave us a shimmer of excitement. Ordered the Jalepeno Cheddar biscuits and glazed pork belly to start. Both appetizers were easily 4-5 stars. The biscuits were large, fluffy and had a perfect amount of jalepeno flavor. The pork belly was phenominal. The pork had a decent char that gave an amazing flavor to the pork belly bites.  If asked, I would suggest everything mentioned to this point and stay with apps and drafts.  The entrees were fair. The small combo was more than enough food and we had brisket, salmon, shrimp, and smoked sausage with the bacon cheddar grit cakes as a side.  We also ordered the rib platter with corn succotash. The entrees were just bland. They were in serious need of salt. Sadly, the ribs were room temp.  It didn't appear that they were warmed. As I stated, the apps and beers were amazing. I will skip the entrees next go around.
5	I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews for Treehouse. My husband and I decided to try it out shortly after it opened, as it's right near our chiropractor's office, and we had a great experience. The food was delicious and they had an awesome beer selection. Generous pours too!We tried the jalopeno poppers as an appetizer, and they were to die for. I don't normally order jalopeno poppers (not a big fan of "bar food") but these were so good. For an entree, I had the smoked beer can chicken and loved it. Since that first visit, I know my husband has been back a few times for appetizers and drinks and the service has always been good. The two of us revisited again a few weeks ago for a couple of beers and we ordered the pulled chicken sliders appetizer to snack on before having dinner at our chiropractor's office. They were fantastic. We really enjoyed the branding / concept as well. The servers wear overalls and there is a tree in the middle of the restaurant and a large wooden swing out front which gives it a genuine, casual, at-home feeling. Very cool place. We highly recommend at least trying it out - especially if you like southern comfort food, whiskey and/or craft beer!
2	Dropped in for a late lunch... service was good - our server, Sophia, was friendly/attentive. The food was fine - I had the jerk chicken taco which was not bad, but not anything I'd recommend either. My biggest criticism is the ladies room. Honestly, just a mess. Stalls are built of raw wood - in keeping with the restaurant theme, I guess. Exposed nails...door did not lock. No tissue.  Toilet seat loose so that it was sideways across the bowl.  Counter of the sink was wet from splashed water. Paper towel dispenser was broken (I assume) - the roll was sitting between the sinks - half soaked from wicking up the water on the counter...  How managers or staff miss such a fundamental part of their restaurant is beyond me... I'd expect this at a gas station...or college bar... but not here.  Glad we tried it, but doubt we'll be back
2	Interesting decor, waitress was obviously new to the job, but well meaning. We ate lunch, both had the French onion soup. Large pieces of bread, no broth aside from the soggy bread, onions and cheese were OK, but overall not a pleasant soup. Deb had a pulled pork taco she liked, I had a grilled cheese sandwich with roasted peppers. The sandwich was good, but perhaps less goat cheese and more of the other two cheeses would have been better. After reading other reviews about the minuscule wine portions, we had iced tea and lemonade. In spite my request for light ice, my glass was 70% ice, which really irks me. Bottom line, we are in no hurry to return, nothing stands out and with the number of excellent restaurants in the area, I think it will be tough going for this place.
2	Great atmosphere - decor is thematic without being too kitschy. Looking forward to weather being nice again to sit on what looks like a good patio. Unfortunately, that was the best part of the evening. Tables are set close together, and noise level was high (bouncy acoustics). Food was only so-so - we had 7 different entrees around the table, all of which needed more seasoning. Strange that none of the pulled barbecue had sauce in a town and state that pride themselves on different styles and house secret/special condiments. Mixed drinks were very weak (sad for a whiskey joint), beer selection was okay. Starter salads were good size and looked very fresh. Service was casual but fairly attentive. We may be back to try the patio in spring - hope they will have found their style and settled into a groove by then!
5	Great Food and Service!  We will be returning again soon. Love the feel of the restaurant as well. Nice addition to South Park.
3	This place is new to the scene. I did enjoy it. There is a faux tree inside the restaurant which is sort of cool. The layout is kind of tight which is slightly uncomfortable. I went in on a Monday with some girlfriends for their all you can eat crab legs. Served at 6 pm until they run out. The crab legs were really good, some of the best tasting I've had outside of the beach. The service could have been a little better, but I blame it on the place still being new. I wasn't a big fan of the drink menu, I got a muddled drink with blueberries which lacked taste. I had it sent back and requested more syrup but it came back the same way. I would definitely return, but probably just for the all you can eat crab. It's not really my scene.
