5	If you need short-term nursing care and rehabilitation following a surgery, this is the place to get it.  Dear Mom is currently here following back surgery, and what a place it is!  This is an excellent alternative to a nursing home.  We have nicknamed this place the Taj Majal.  The rooms are all private suites, beautifully decorated and luxurious.  There is 24-hour nursing care, great dining facilities, and rehabilitation services.  Mom's insurance covers the costs.The staff is very attentive and the place is spotless.  It smells great- like a hotel, not a hospital.  The staff is professional and friendly, and not only do they remember the details about Mom, they remember who we are.  T too.  The public facilities are as luxurious as any nice resort.  Heck, I'd consider vacationing here if they did price fixe and cocktails!
1	first off, I'm not the same city as my mom as this is going on so I'm very worried when all this goes down... I had to work but plan on going to see her when she gets released from physical therapy.The day my mom was getting released from the hospital after getting knee surgery. Earlier that morning my mom knew she was going to Advanced Health Care. They had a list of patients to be transferred there and my mom was first on the list.As the day went on about 3 hours prior to her being sent to Advanced Health Care they dropped the ball on my mom. There is no room for her. They took in these two other patients instead of her and left her with no where to go!!! My mom was ahead of these other patients!!!!!So in the last hour the doctors and scrambling around trying to find a rehab facility for her. luckily she got in somewhere.The story goes on... I decided to call Advance health. My reasoning was they screwed my mom over last minute and everyone of her friends and family thought she'd be at Advance Health care.So I call and decide to ask for my mother.They she said wasn't there. I asked where she wasThey said they didn't know and hung up on me!?!?!I called back and inquired about what had happened with my mom. They said her name wasn't on ANY records of anything about coming in there. (BULLSHIT!)This is my theory. I think Advance Health is for old rich people that don't know whats good for them. I have a feeling they baby their patients a little too much and don't give the proper adequate care people deserve. It's not about being put in a resort after you get surgery. It's about getting better and doing the proper therapy. I have a funny feeling that the people that got into Advance Health Care flashed some extra money and that is how they got in.I like where my mom is now she is with younger people at a more intense facility which I think she is strong enough for anyways.My final thoughts on dealing with Advance Health Care. If you wanna see how wrong our medical system is look no further than this place. They are liars ( I know the real story that happened to my mom), irresponsible with their planning and quite frankly. RUDE NURSES.I highly recommend this place: HealthSouth Scottsdale RehabilitationIt's younger people, better care. It might not smell like lavender and cinnamon candles but I think she's getting the therapy she needs and is really enjoying it.
5	WOW, what an impressive facility.A friend of ours was here for rehabilitation and therapy for a hip replacement. She stayed nearly a month and we were so impressed by the care and attention given to her.Nice!
1	We had my grandmother go to Advanced Health Care of Scottsdale and learned that this is the most unprofessional place, it's a complete joke. They have no idea what they are doing, they over medicate their patients and can't even keep track of their patients. They beyond over medicated my grandmother. She was completely out of it, didn't remember anything, was very aggressive, was not her sweet loving self at all. We continued to tell them that she isn't herself and something is wrong! They completely ignored us continuously, and even told us she has Alzheimer's!! No sorry, you do not just get acute Alzheimer's in a week! What a joke! Come to find out that the doctor had prescribed her Valium, talk about making a sane person crazy! She was hallucinating out of her mind and they couldn't figure out it was the valium? My family knew right away once we found out they were giving her valium. They even had us hire a home health person to come in their facility and take care of her at night (basically do their job.) So here we are paying all this money for extra care when they were the ones making her this way! My aunt who is a doctor found out that she was on valium and told the head nurse as medical power of attorney for my grandmother she wanted the valium stopped immediately. Did they stop it..... Nope! They told her they did and then continued to give it to her! You hope to have your loved ones in a place that they are being taken care of properly and this is not the place! Overall this place is a complete joke and I would NEVER send another person I know there!
4	My mother was recently at this facility for therapy after having her lower leg amputated.  I must say that for a skilled nursing facility, this place was one of the best I've seen.  The staff was attentive and very friendly.  All the rooms are private suites - unlike many facilities where you have to share a room.  Nice location too.  Advanced Health Care really emphasizes physical and occupational therapy sessions - even after the patient is released.  My only concern was the food services - they had tasty meal selections, but not very healthy many times.  Most patients here are senior citizens who should be eating healthy meals - not high-sodium, fried, or fattening foods.  Other than that, I'm impressed.  This comes from someone who is highly critical of many nursing facilities because of their LACK of good care, but Advanced Health Care demonstrated their professionalism and caring attitudes toward their patients.
5	My dad has been here twice now and it's the nicest (least depressing) skilled nursing place I've seen.  My father has also been in another faciltiy in Scottsdale and I've toured quite a few.... there is no comparison for cleanliness and attentiveness.  Yes, this place costs lots more than the other facilities (around $600 a day) compared to other places that charge half that.  Medicare (and his supplement) covered the cost for my dad but if you had to pay out of pocket or had private health insurance with a co-pay, you might find it too expensive.  The food is the best too, although it is, like all these places,  institutional... so it's not going to be gourmet.   I suggest ordering off the daily menu and getting fruit plates, hamburgers, etc.  As for other's comments on getting in, it's not easy sometimes.  They have lots of people who want to be there.  Many of their clients, for example, know they are having surgery so they schedule Advanced ahead of time.  So contrary to what another reviewer said, it's usually a mix of old and young people, though mostly old.  That's usually who needs skilled nursing. The first time my dad was to go there, they didn't have a room at either their Mesa or their Scottsdale faciltiy, so they took him at Glendale for a few days then transferred him in their van to Scottsdale when a room became available.  If there is a line to get in, I think they usually take the person who is discharged from the hospital first.  We thought he was going to Scottsdale first, for example, but the hospital ended up keeping him another day and we lost our slot.One thing I really do like about this place is that it's only a short-term skilled nursing facility so they don't have any long term residents to focus on.  It's all about re-hab and OT here.  My dad had  previously developed a sore on his back so he loved the temperpedic (sp) mattresses.  The mattress is a very big deal to my dad.  I felt a mattress at all the other places... some were hard and lumpy.  At the latest stay, they used an air bed on top of the mattress for his sore.  That makes a huge difference.  As for over-medicating, everything my dad takes comes from his primary care doctor or his other physicians.  There is an Advanced doctor who seems to be in and out but everytime we've asked him for something the nurses at Advanced have referred us to our doctor.   If you are considering a skilled nursing facillity you really do need to take tours.  One facility, for example, has a smoking area for patients who are smokers.  It's not good to be a smoker in a skilled nursing home, of course, but if you were a smoker that would be important.  One faciltiy said they have patients who come there because they have 3 smoke breaks a day instead of 2 at other places.Also you might want to ask about eating... Advanced wants you in the dining room socializing with others.  Another place I looked at allowed people to eat in their rooms if they wanted.I decided against one skilled nursing facility because the entire time I was there, a call button was going off.  At one point I asked the director who was giving me the tour if anyone was going to answer it.  He said, "Oh, is that bothering you?  Do you want me go go answer it?"  So all in all, it's the best facility around if you can afford it or if you prefer more luxury.
