3	Is there anyone who hasn't tried See's at one time or another? I think they are like the fast-food of the candy world. Quick, consistent, and good enough for most occasions.One thing I miss at this particular location is the service. Whenever we went on our semi-annual Christmas and Mothers Day trip to get a box for my Mother-in-law at the old See's store across from MCC, it seems the ladies behind the counter were always sweet, friendly and Grandmother-like. On both of my trips to the Chandler mall location so far, the young ladies working there ranged from detached and unsmiling to rude.
5	6/8/11I give See's 5 stars just for offering a sample of their chocolates everytime someone enters the store!  Today was extra-special, bec. I was given a choice (!) of a raspberry-filled nutty truffle, or a dark chocolate walnut, and I chose the walnut.  The two walnut pieces offered to me were fantastic!  I'm a crunch-junky AND a lover of dark chocolate, so these dark-chocolate walnut confections had me enamored.  I was almost tempted to buy some, but I was here to procure some chocolate bars for my nephew and sister to enjoy when Mom hands them over upon her arrival in Charlotte on Friday.  See's offers many  chocolate bar varieties, including milk chocolate, milk chocolate w/ almonds, milk chocolate w/ toffee bits, dark chocolate w/ almonds, and extra-dark chocolate.  All 1.5 oz. bars are priced at $1.55, plus tax, w/ the exception of the extra-dark chocolate, which I believe costs $2.05 (plus tax).  These are pricey, but they're of very good quality-- I love the dark chocolate w/ almonds myself!Oh, how I wish I could have more of those dark chocolate walnuts!(Psst!  Two one-pound gift certificates, great for gift-giving, are available through Costco for $26.99!  A good deal, as I think the confections here go for $16.99 a pound.  These little morsels may be packaged (boxed) in quarter-pound increments, as well as in cute See's logo paper candy bags, in as little, or many, as you want.  Gift-wrapping, complete w/ elastic gold band and card, is available, for free!)
3	I can't really say anything bad about the chocolate... for Pete's sake it IS See's! However, I will say this- the customer service at this one is hit and miss. Some days the associates will want you to sample everything in the store and other days they'll say each customer is only allowed 1 sample a day. WTH! If I'm buying a pound of candy I think I'm entitled to try a little more than the person only buying 4 single pieces.
5	I am not a candy eater, but my wife is a chocoholic freak so I go here a lot with her or for her.  I was just there this morning to pick up more candy for her since she was running out.  I just thought I would mention the fact that they are always very courteous at See's and they do something very carefully that I most other establishments don't.  When you buy some candy, they have various box sizes -- half pound, one pound, two pound, etc. etc.  When they put your box on the scale when you are paying for your candies, the scale automatically adjusts for the weight of the box, whether it be the small half pound box, or a big five pound box.  You might not think that this is a big deal, but some places don't do this or the adjustment is not very accurate.Also, I was using a gift certificate for one pound of candy so they filled the one pound box full -- when they weighed it, the weight was not quite one pound so they gave me the two extra pieces in a small bag.  Most places just fill the box and call it even.So I think that See's concern for customer service and giving the customer full value for their dollar is very good, especially in today's "bad customer service climate".Incidentally, my wife says that the value to price ratio of See's candy is even higher than Godiva Chocolates, Bill Blase chocolates, etc. etc.  She should know -- consuming maybe 50 pounds of choc candy each year!!
5	The only dark chocolate I eat is See's. The candy is phenomenal. The service at this location is always good. I find that if I have small children with me, we get more samples. When it's just me, they stick to that one sample per person rule. I don't mind, one sample is better than none.
5	I love this shop and the friendly employees. We don't usually buy a lot, but we usually stop in for a few pieces of candy when we're shopping at the mall. I've never eaten a piece of See's candy that I didn't like. Perfect gift!
5	I love this shop and the friendly employees. We don't usually buy a lot, but we usually stop in for a few pieces of candy when we're shopping at the mall. I've never eaten a piece of See's candy that I didn't like. Perfect gift!
