3	Williams-Sonoma has some very interesting stuff. Not all of it is incredibly necessary though. I bought some copper kitchenware here awhile back, and though it did heat very quickly, the pans weren't as seemless to cook with as some of the less flashy stuff I have gotten.  I do love walking in here when they are baking garlic bread, because it smells delicious but it often ends up just being to browse.
3	Fantastic products, not so fantastic location Oh Williams Sonoma...like the siren's song, you lure me in with your enchanting promises of Le Creuset cookware and Shun cutlery, only to have me to wade through the retail slum better known as West Towne Mall.  Like fellow Madison Yelper Lexie G, I venture into West Towne only as a last resort (her review of current mall conditions is SPOT ON).  While I prefer to shop for cookware at Orange Tree Imports or The Kitchen Gallery, some of the exclusive products offered at this store make a visit to Williams Sonoma is a pretty good excuse to risk your car's suspension on the third world roadways that serve as the mall's parking lot.  The store offers free weekly cooking classes, a great selection of cookbooks and knowledgeable staff members. While their non-sale prices will set you back the proverbial arm and a leg, you can find some decent bargains by using the frequent coupons they provide if you get on the WS mailing list.I wholeheartedly recommend the Goldtouch bakeware sold exclusively at WS.  This brand of bakeware provides even browning, easy clean-up and a perfect non-stick finish.  The quality of all my baked goods has improved markedly since I started using Goldtouch bakeware.So if you like to mix shopping for fine cookware with a dash of urban adventure, I strongly recommend a trip to this William-Sonoma location.
2	I need to say up front that this comment is about WS online shopping experience, not about this particular store. I've been shopping at WS both in West Towne Mall and online for many times, but a simple cake stand has totally ruined my trust with them. I ordered a domed cake stand in mid November, and after waiting for almost 2 weeks a single dome arrived at my place -- no cake stand, just the dome. I called customer service and they said they'll ship the stand to me within several days. About a week later, another box arrived and when I opened it -- it was another dome!! Where is my cake stand??? I called again and they say that the cake stand is out of stock. OK but why didn't you say so at first place? Why did you still put this item online saying it's in stock? So I selected a different cake stand, which is pricier and I had to pay MUCH MORE for this one, but they don't seem to have those good valued ones any more. It was scheduled for delivery on Christmas Eve, but not surprisingly, it never did. In fact, when we called today yet again, they say that it'll not be in stock until March, which now we'll be a giant fool to actually believe. I decided to give them one last shot and change my order to yet another cake stand, and if they fail to deliver it again, I will change my comment to one star and never shop on WS online store again.Can't believe such a company should have such lousy warehouse management. I'm soooooooooooo very disappointed by you, Williams Sonoma!!
