3	Decent pizza place to go to. The pizza itself tasted ok, I'm not entirely sure though on how fresh it tasted. The toppings did not seem to really stand out. After eating the pizza I got kind of sick but I don't necessarily blame the pizza. Maybe it was too much eating out or perhaps those waffles I had for breakfast. o_O
5	Went to lunch today at Pop's Pizza and it was great! I got the veggie pizza and the bf got a meat Stromboli. Both were delicious!
5	The dough on Pops Pizza is very light. The way crust should be! It has its own signature style and taste and I love it! Whenever I'm on the strip, this is where I come for a Pie!!! Polite Staff, very accommodating :)
3	Meh- nothing special except that its walking distance from Mandalay Bay...
4	Good quick pizza here!  Pizza crust is not too thick, but not cracker thin, just right.  And the sauce is yummy too.  Nice small strip eatery, next to the McDonalds across the street from Manadalay Bay.  Locally owned and operated which is always nice to see!!  The missing 5th star is because the salad could use some work, it's iceberg lettuce (yuck) with mozarella, onions and tomatos - although the raspberry vinaigrette was tasty!   They have a combo deal - $7.95 for two slices of cheese ($0.50 upcharge for other toppings) and a drink or one slice, a salad and a drink.  Oh!  And the tiramisu and cheese cake are delicious!!They're open till 1AM during the week, 3 AM on weekends.  It's really pretty busy around lunch time with a mix local folks stopping in for lunch and tourists looking good quick pizza at a nice price!
5	Pizza here is so good! Fresh and ready to go:) The crust is to die for!:) You've gotta try the garlic knots as well! The employees were very helpful and accomadating. We'll be back :)
3	Pretty good for the price but nothing to write home about. Pop's was across from my hotel (Mandalay Bay) and I wasn't in the mood for a $40-100 meal so I found pop's on yelp and walked over. 7.95 for a slice of cheese,  side salad and a 21oz drink. .. not bad for Vegas. Pizza was decent but it was fresh out of the oven hot. It's kinda hard to mess up or judge a slice of cheese lol. The salad was fresh and the ranch was yummy. I also ordered garlic Knotts 5 for 2.99 sooo good. If you want cheap and fast and your down on that end of strip, it's worth a try.
5	Imagine being really drunk and tired of walking and your staying at mad bay and you hungry boom bam bing order some pizza makes you the happiest person alive.
5	Went there after recovering from a long night at edc and didn't want to wait for a long line at a buffet or restaurant. Super bomb pizza for my tasting and definitely good size slices for the price. Customer service was awesome especially with Nikki (sorry if misspelled) as she was very polite and answered some questions about cool things in the area. Atmosphere was very laid back as there was also a TV to watch the game. Definitely reccomend and probably will return ;)
4	Need a break from the super pricey Vegas Strip that eats a hole into your wallet? Pop's is a breath of fresh air with its decent pizza at a reasonable price. It is a nice place to decompress and blend in with the wall coverings.Pizza was hot, slices were big and ingredients seemed fairly fresh.
3	Late stop at 12 45 am and the guy behind the counter was super upbeat and super nice.  Cheap slice of pizza for $3.50 fresh out of the oven! Definitely a great stop to soak up the alcohol!
1	I will NEVER order from Pop's again. I do NOT recommend ordering delivery. We placed our order and told it would be at our apartment in 30 minutes. A good 1 hour later, we had to call to ask where our food was & were also told the delivery person had left 20 minutes before that. Almost an hour and a half later, cold food was delivered to our door. At least they refunded our money, but it doesn't make up for the fact that we now have to eat pizza that is cold & hard. On top of it, they didn't give us the desert we ordered. Extremely poor service. I don't even know how they are in business. We should have just gone to Grimaldi's.
3	Open late and it's decent, a little pricey for a whole pie but it's on the strip. Very thin crust and a little skimpy on the toppings. Ordered the vegetarian. I was hungry and just wanted  some decent pizza it met my cravings. I ate the large by myself so it's not that much pizza since it's such a thin crust. It does have a chewy crust. I would maybe go back again.
1	Visited this place because it was open late at night and had a four-star average on Yelp.Are you kidding me? How blind stinking drunk are the people who stagger into this place that they mistake this for food, let alone four-star quality good pizza?We ordered two slices of plain. The pizza looked like it hadn't been fresh since the Mob ran Vegas. But it probably wouldn't have been any better fresh. The tomato sauce was cloyingly acidic, the cheese was dry, the cardboard - I actually meant to type "crust" there, no kidding, that was a freudian slip but you know what? I'll keep it.We literally ate one bite of our slices, threw them in the trash, and went to get pizza somewhere else.This was literally the worst pizza I've ever eaten in my life - and I've had a Little Caesars Pretzel Crust.
3	Personally, I didn't find the staff too friendly. The girl at the register didn't seem happy to be there. I ordered a 16" pizza with ham and bell peppers. The crust, which is somewhat New York style, was good but otherwise I didn't think the pizza was very tasty. My friend, on the other hand, did enjoy it.
4	Traveling to vegas always means stocking up on beverages for prepartying before galavanting on the strip.  Searching for a liquor store nearby the strip, we stumbled into this little pizzeria....This is such a late post, I don't remember much of the details, but do remember that I liked their pizza.What stuck out for me was that their crust.  Good, firm crust with a crumby texture.  Texture ties it all together every time!I wouldn't say it's a must-try, but it is good enough that if you are in the neighborhood and hungry for pizza, you can't go wrong here!
3	At 2:20 AMMy friend and I were greeted and told about the limited selection due to closing soon. This was fine we only wanted a few (3) slices total.The light employee with glasses took our order and washed his hands, promptly.The darker employee(male) made sure to take his time sweeping in front to the soda machine and left the trash can lid in our way to let us know we were in his territory and we should leave. The dark female was also nice enough to let me know I was in her way as she brought trays to the counter and forced me away instead of walking an addition 5 more feet around the counter.Pizza was decent. Nice crisp crunch. (supreme) Vegetables tasted fresh.Only real complaints here are:  1) Soda lids:      A) They stuck together      B) You couldn't make them stay on the cup. 2) Dimly lit store 3) Passively aggressive darker employes.
