3	Silver Spur Saloon has replaced the now defunct Satisfied Frog, which I really liked. The difference? A new menu & they no longer brew their own beer. Otherwise, it's the same location, same buildings, not much changed in that respect.They've got Oak Creek Amber on tap & some really tasty cheese fries (not on the menu). The outdoor bar is rad when it's not 115 degrees out.
3	Went to the beer garden which is part of the Silver Spur Saloon for some happy hour. They seemed to have 75 cent Sam Adams till 4:30 for some reason? Sam Adams is crap so it doesn't matter. They have happy hour from 4-6 and have the usual 2$ domestics and $3.50 margarita which was quite tasty. The bar crowd was a mix of elders and cowboy types who looked like they could use a visit to the dentist and barber shop. They have free popcorn in the restaurant and usually have live music after 7. I enjoyed the band they had there on friday but unfortunately there were very few people there and they stopped at 9. Next time I go I will try the food, especially want to try that skillet baked chocolate chip cookie! P.S. Thursday after 6 is ladies night, happy hour prices all night for the females.
2	I came here for dinner this past weekend when my boyfriend and I were staying at The Boulders. He had fond memories of the Satisfied Frog and we decided to check it out despite the fact that I warned him about the poor Yelp reviews. Instead, we found the Silver Spur Saloon which seriously looked straight out of Disneyland. Clearly a tourist trap (I don't know what tourists would be doing in Cave Creek, but whatever), but I was hungry and here we were.We had to wait 10-15 minutes for a table, which was odd because it didn't look very crowded. We had a drink at the bar - I had a T-something or other. It was really pretty good, like an Arnold Palmer made with a tea flavored vodka. After we were seated it took some time for our waiter to come around, he seemed really overwhelmed despite the fact that it didn't seem that busy. I had the chicken fried steak and the bf had prime rib. Now, I have to admit, I love salty food, but the food here was ridiculous. The batter on my chicken fried steak was super salty, as was the au jus which came with the prime rib. It was like licking a block of salt. My steamed veggies were also really mushy. If I'm in the area again, I'm 99% sure I'd go elsewhere - not sure if there's anything in Cave Creek that isn't touristy and western themed though.
1	Yelp couldnt help me with this one, it does work right sometimes on my phone and couldnt see what was good in cave creek so we  came here, we  probably could have picked anything else and would have been better. Ive wrote about some bad bbq sauces before but this might be the worst and the bbq beef itself was nasty.  I think it was old meat. Also ordered cheese crisp and believe it or not it was too crispy !! no way i would ever go back. If you decide to go dont get anything bbq
4	My recommendation consists of five words: Cream of Green Chile soup. It's a creation of their chef and oh, so good. Came in with my sisters for lunch, the place was pretty empty. The service was fast and friendly.
3	I had lunch here today with 3 friends and was very pleased. This was my 2nd visit to this restaurant, and I would return.  We had the Reuben sandwich, chicken quesedilla, Gobbler sandwich (turkey) and grilled cheese.  The 3 sandwiches all came with very tasty fries. The sandwiches were all huge, no scrimping here!  The prices were roughly $8.00 per entree, and judging from the size of the plate you receive, well worth the money.  They were very busy for a Tuesday lunch but there were plenty of staff, so we were well treated!
5	This has to be some of the best American cooking I have ever had. This oldworld saloon and beer garden has oldworld charm with architecture and pictures to prove it with downright friendly service. There Sun Blond is an excellent micro brew, light yet full of flavor. The pulled pork sandwich is excellent with tender marinaded pork in a lightly sweet and tangy barbecue sauce; better have some extra napkins on hand.! The fries are crispy and greasless, pure potato bliss.! Our server, Allen, was very friendly and knowledgeable about the entire menu. The pickles are wonderfully sour and crisp. They also had KSLX going. So, it was cool to hear some classic rock with my lunch. Note, the saloon and beer garden are separate, the saloon having more food and being a bigger. There is plenty of outdoor seating for a warm Cave Creek day. So, for excellent down home American fare and micro brews with friendly service in an oldworld atmosphere, the Silver Spur cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
1	First off, this place reeks of urine! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. it was disgusting! The bread was soaked in grease, you couldn't pick it up like a sandwich even if you wanted! The pork meat was very mushy and not pleasant tasting at all!
4	I have been going to this restaurant occasionally for a years.  I really like the food, and the service is always good.  Last night, my friend and I had beef & pork ribs, and baked beans and coleslaw as sides.... which were good.This place used to be called Satisfied Frog, and while their menu has trimmed down a bit, the dishes they serve up are tasty.  It's a casual place, and they keep in step with the Old West theme of Cave Creek.I'll keep going back when I am in Cave Creek.
3	Was quite the fun night.  The band was hilarious and a treat in itself.  As far as the food, it was decent.  Though I have to say it was not consistent.  We had ordered the brisket quesadilla.  It was dry, very dry...But, another friend ordered it later in the night and theirs was actually pretty awesome, so...  And, I do recall the wings being satisfactory.
4	I visit Phoenix 2-3 times a year and make it a point to stop in the Silver Spur for FRIED CHILI'S before I leave.  They are amazing, hands down.  I don't think they're on the menu now that it's changed from the Satisfied Frog; but you can ask for them, and you'll get them.Because of my need for mass amounts of fried food I had the salad bar along with my chili's and was quite surprised at how good that was as well.And....wasn't this the Silver Spur BEFORE it was Satisfied Frog?  Really it just changed back from what I've heard.Any who...a must go for the not-so-much-a-tourist-anymore in me.
5	Best salad bar you'll ever find, especially the value. Food is great. Try the buffalo wrap, taco salad, or pulled pork. Incredible! Great value and add salad bar for a couple bucks. Always have leftovers.Unfortunately this place is usually dead; therefore, it'll go under within a couple years due to lack of business.
