4	i'm not usually one to patron dos, especially on a crazy day like cinco de mayo, but after relocating to south tempe my options are severely limited on bars i can (or want) to ride my bike to. on a huge DUI enforcement night, bikes were in order and when i found out a brand new dos was opening here i couldn't argue.it's what you've come to love about this trailer park/rocky point - inspired chain of bar/restaurants. i arrived at about 5 on 5/05 and it the patio was already packed. no cover, and no tables either. big patio and more inside seating at tables than usual. i understand this is supposed to be a more "grown up" dos, more family friendly with a more elaborate menu. it was certainly not family friendly on cinco! ha, i left the craziness at about 7 to watch the fight at a nearby club, and heard from a friend who worked that night that there were more than a few fights - including a girl getting jumped in the bathroom, but that's all heresay and conjecture at this point.good to see grown ups with families still know how to get out of control wasted on holidays and try to kill each other. but seriously, i can't complain, i was treated very nice by the staff and managers because i had worked with them in the past, and they're more than cool and down to earth. only downside (aside from the basic bro element associated with all dos') is no designated bike locking area, but after seeing how many bikes were there that night, hopefully they'll get a set up.
4	I haven't been to this particular location before, so I wasn't sure if it would be like the old Dos that used to be on Uni by ASU.  But the NYF tournament party was there, so I had to go.  And I was a little hesitant because honestly...the party usually sucks.However, I was totally wrong about this place!  The (free) margaritas were potent, beer was cold, chips were addictive, and the waitresses were very accommodating (and hot...that too).  They made sure we were constantly filled up, even if some people weren't tipping (bad juju!).I didn't try the food, and I probably won't be back here unless I'm in this part of AZ again (which would be...same time next year), but if I could, I'd go back for sure.  Wish I had ordered food though, just to see how they were...  I never ordered their fish tacos, because when I was a student, i was more concerned with drinking as much as I could before getting booted as opposed to eating.
4	It sure isn't authentic Mexican food, but why fool ourselves.  That's not why we're here.  We're here for our nacho fix and some Mexican Moonshine at noon and it always fits the bill.  The food is as it says it is on the menu, the prices are fair and as a bonus to y'all, I went out on a limb and tried the ceviche.  I would definitely order it again.
4	This review is for the Chandler location.The food here is pretty good. We came here twice during my last visit to AZ. We tried the nachos, the 7 layer dip, the guac and chips. The nachos were really good (make sure to add steak or chicken, both are great), and they give you a lotta guac too. The 7 layer dip was kinda dull, like they scooped out the filling of a microwaved bean and cheese burrito. Either way, all their food is pretty cheap, and during happy hour, drinks are a great deal. Also, I like the way the place is set up; most of it is outdoors/patio, so it makes for a different experience. There's also a lot of games and things to do. We saw a group of guys playing beer pong on one of the tables, and by the women's restroom there's a lobster catching game. We'd spent like 12 bucks on that game and didn't win ourselves a lobster but we got close one time, and it was pretty damn fun.
3	Do you remember the mosh pit scene from the Lost Boys...Like that scene, this restaurant is anarchy personified. It is white trash skater/X-games charm at it's finest!   You must possess at least 5 tattoos and 3 body piercings to work there. When we arrived, I had to wait nearly 2 minutes because a bunch of ASU kids were engaging in some bean bag game right in the middle of the restaurant. I take that back, you could walked through it but those kids don't wait on anybody...pregnant...too bad....on a walker....you might just trip! Apparently these kids are  trying to toss bean bags into some wooden board with holes. Apparently when you are drunk and stoned, games like that are fun! Who knew? The fun doesn't stop there, there is also beer pong. I couldn't distinguish the servers from the patrons because they seem to hang out and chat too. When you ask for their help, it's almost as if they are upset that you interrupted their conversation while they were chatting with the guys playing beer pong.  The Patrons...well can we say men in their 40's who looks like they were just released from prison and ASU frat boys (the frat with less money). On weekends, expect to observe a fist fight or two but then again Dos is rather proud of that.Okay so the food...now this is what is disappointing. The food is AMAZING. Seriously, 5 stars. It's fantastic. If this place didn't have the cast of Dazed and Confused settling here, I would go here more often. Even picking up food is a little scary. It's almost as if you receive a dirty look because you are sober. Where to start, the chimichangas and burritos are out of sight! The nachos are huge with quality chicken and plenty of excellent Guacamole. It's a real tragedy because if the owners didn't call themselves the Two Whites guys and had a more "boring environment" and invited people who were not drunk or stoned to eat there, this place could actually make Diners Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network instead of Los Taquitos. The food here is certainly better. My advice, get the takeout and order it in the afternoon before the mosh pit starts at night. Wearing a couple of fake tatoos, eye liner and a wife beater might draw less attention too
4	This place has always been douchbag central in my eyes, the one by ASU anyway, but I came to this new location last night for a going away party, and was pleasantly surprised. It reminded me of an ice house, but classier, with misters and food and a decent drink menu. They also play really fantastic music.. first 4 songs were all some of my favorite bands, including Passion Pit who came out of Boston, which was shocking.. and radical. Cant say Ive been to any other place that had such an impressive play list, and I am a bit of a music snob. Their nachos were enormous, and delightful, I ate every last bite, and then indulged myself in 2 more tacos after I had 3 more $2 Pacificos. Luckily for me my metabolism is amazing so I can do things like this, and I could have kept eating too because the tacos were delicious. I tried both chicken and steak, equally amazing. Our waitress was very patient, even though it was a table of 20 drunk ex co-workers of McFarlane Toys, which translates into 20 drunk super-nerds discussing comic books and video games.. She kept our drinks flowing and the food coming without missing a beat. I could tell she was overwhelmed, but nice work anyhow.. way to keep your cool. I did enjoy this place, but I am taking into account that it was Tuesday night, and really, no one else was in there.. so on a busy night this place could quite possibly suck, or be an exact replica of the Dos Gringos I used to know and had no problem forgetting.. either way, I had a good time, and I cant deny a place that has excellent music.
1	Ewwww!  Fun looking place, but as a first timer I was thoroughly disappointed.  Happy hour on Friday and was shocked at the lackluster drinks.  If you don't want beer, don't come here!!  Margarita was tasteless and so iced/watered down thought it was lemonade.  Ordered a cocktail and 3 times in a row it was not made correctly at all.  Again, weak & watered down... and it was a pure alcohol cocktail, no mixer!!Food... chips/salsa & some other chip mess... should have went across the street to Costco & got some 3# bag of chips & cheese whiz!
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =After having mixed Sunday Brunch buffet experiences at the nutty Chandler & Mesa locations of this outfit, I decided to stick my head in the door (ok, they don't have any doors) here in Tempe today & have a look at the lunch buffet held at this one on weekdays.There was a good selection of food out, so I grabbed a plate, & started with some chips & (too) mild salsa, good salad, & terrific ceviche with big shrimp!  Then it was on to Spanish Rice & beans, Pollo Fundido, Tex-Mex Burrito, floutas, chicken & beef tacos with lots of stuff to add on, such as sour cream, & more.Like last time, the hot food wasn't as warm as it should be, but there was plenty to eat here & it was pretty good overall.I knew I was at a real Dos Gringos Mexigrill, because over the entrance to the kitchen, it says, "Award winning food prepared by Chef Manuel Labor."   :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99
4	I love this dos, at least every other week I have to come for happy hour out on the patio. Occasionally I've found myself here from happy hour to reverse happy hour. $2 pacificos and margaritas and $1 happy shots. The food is bar food nothing special but, I usually eat it anyway. I don't think I've ever gone here on a Friday or Saturday night but, I can say it's an awesome weekday spot.
5	Sometimes, you just need a drink.  Like when it's a Tuesday.  I mean come on, I put a good 2 days worth of work in, it's time to relax.  We headed over to Dos for Happy hour, and I was thrilled to find killer specials. $2.00 Pacificos and margaritas really hit the spot.  We sat at the bar, and it was clear our bartender was a real pro.  She remembered that I didn't like the lime in the beer, and seemed to know many of the other patrons by name.We took advantage of the happy hour food prices as well, and I got the quesidilla, with steak.  It was delicious and melty and cheesy, all the things it should be.  Sadly, I was so stuffed from that that I couldn't try the amazingly loaded Rocky Point Nachos or the tasty looking queso dip my friends got.  Great value, great service and a good atmosphere, this Dos Gringos is a happy hour must.
1	Has potential, but 110db (about as loud as a jet taking off)  headbanger music chosen by a 15 year old and very poorly prepared food make this non-Mexican food joint hard to recommend.  Avoid this restaurant.
5	ok, on those nights that you really don't feel like going downtown, but still wanna go somewhere to chill with friends, this place is PERFECT!  whats not to love about the sweet margs, cheap beer, and awesome happy hour specials!   the chicken dip is absolutely amazing!   We used to come here for dinner once a week also, but since they took the stuffed poblano off them menu, we really only come for drinks and apps.  the employees are so much fun and the whole atmosphere just makes you forget your stress.. or was it all those delicious strawberry margs?...   hmm :)
4	Dos Gringos holds a very inebriated spot in my heart. My mom moved to Phoenix from Tennessee a few years ago and one of the first spots she took me to was Dos. We went there for happy hour, which turned into us staying and drinking more! All I can say is after living in San Diego Phoenix has it made for drink specials!! I have been coming back to Dos Gringos every time I visit the ol' mom's place. I've never had a bad night here and the food has always been exactly what I expected. I am pretty Irish so the desert heat doesn't allow me to partake in its events during the summer too often, but fall and spring they better be ready for me because I'm  taking full advantage of their happy hour prices!!!
4	Dos Gringos is a good place to go grab some drinks and some food to snack on. Every now and then we will go hit up happy hour here because they have often drink specials. Drinks: They have good prices and a good selection of Mexican and domestic beers. Normally they have some type of special whether it's happy hour or not. Their margaritas are very bland and taste like they are a result of some type of random mix. I normally just stick to beer.Food: My favorite thing here is the Nachos! They aren't badly priced because they are HUGE! It's best to get them with some type of meat chicken or steak. They come with sour cream and Guacamole. Their Guacamole is very good and isn't filled with sour cream or large chunks of tomatoes.
2	Dos Gringos is not my type of place.  I rarely drink or party or watch sports.  But I do love Mexican food and more specifically red chile burros (here in AZ).  By my own measure, I make awesome salsa.  Hot and flavorful both red and green. The salsa at Dos Gringos was bland and tasted like a can of diced tomatoes was hastily pureed with an onion and some salt.  It was nothing special and that's sad because salsa is cheap to make.  The nachos we ordered tasted like Taco Bell's Nacho Supreme just in a bigger portion.  Even with black beans, the flavor was bland. Okay, the upside: the weather is really beautiful right now and sitting out on the patio was really nice.  I couldn't have imagined a better way to kill an hour on Sunday. Also, our waitress was moderately more attentive than most others.  The sign posted out front read '$4 Lunch Specials' but apparently this doesn't apply on weekends.  Why put out the sign then?  She still gave us our lunch for $4 bucks which is nice.I don't think I'll go back unless I'm really, really bored.
1	They call this a bar? I think these reviewers are paid off. Nobody has mentioned that they don't have kegs or beer on tap. That's right, a bar that serves bottles only.Once I heard that, I should of just left, but I stuck in there. I ordered a bucket of coronas, which you get 5 of. Happy hour it's 2.50 a piece, now I went on a Saturday night around 8pm. $20 bucks for 5 12 oz bottles. Now my mistake for not asking the price, but in my bar experiences, I never paid 20 bucks for 5 bottles. I also ordered 2 starry night shots, they cost me $6 bucks a piece. $6 bucks for a shot are you freaking kidding me!It was my brothers birthday, that's why I didn't ask about prices, I thought it would be reasonable based on the reviews here. They even charged me for the $1 bday shot the bartender gave my brother. We didn't even ask for it. So as you can see I am pretty pissed about the whole experience. Also it was quite dead for it being a saturday night, but I don't blame people not coming there. Next time I'll stick to my regular spots.$36 bucks got me: 5 coronas, 2 shots of starry night and a birthday shot out of a plunger (that's right, a toilet plunger)
4	My review here is based solely on happy hour because I have never really been at any other time. This bar is really close to my work so we frequent it for the after work to wind down from time to time.I always have a really great time. I like the outdoor seating when the weather is nice, I like that they serve black beans on most of their items rather than refried, I like the cheap buckets of Pacifico during happy hour and I love that they have corn hole or bags or whatever other term people refer to it as. The table service is always really great and the waitresses have always been friendly, I've never had a poor experience with the staff. Some of the people that go there are pretty big D Bags which is annoying, but since I'm usually with a group of co-workers, I really don't mind.All in all, this isn't where I'd choose to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night, but I will definitely continue to stop in for happy hour on those days after work when I could really just use a drink!
3	Was here visiting friends and stopped here for libations.  Tasty and strong margaritas.  So strong that my friend could barely finish hers.  It was cold and the heater was awesome.  We had a fun time and the servers were very attentive.Also, they had an inflatable snowman as a holiday decoration, and a drunk guy came up and punched it and then tried to get in the bar.  He was summarily denied access.  Good call, bouncer, good call...
3	I am a big advocate of Dos Gringos actually but this Dos I cannot get into.  I loved the original Tempe location when it was on University, I used to go there all the time.  I love the Scottsdale location, but ever since they built this location a few years back, it's kind of like a pushover for me.  Yeah they serve the same booze, and food, and the decor is the same, but the vibe of this place isn't right.  Maybe because it's too big and they let too many riff raff's in, I really can't put my hand on it.  The only thing that really saves this place is the .50 cent coronas and well drinks on Thursday nights.  Shit I'm not even sure if they still do that anymore since it has been at least 8 months since I have been there and I don't feel as though I am missing out on anything.  I would never make plans to go here but if I was invited to go out there with a group of friends, I would just have to suck and up and go.
2	This place is ALWAYS dead! The fullest I've ever seen it is every seat at the bar (roughly 20 seats) plus maybe a couple tables. The only reason I'm willing to come here is because I have stupid friends that like this place. The only positive is their "Street Tacos" that I like... Which are cheap.Overall, this place is at the bottom of the fun list... If you get pulled here, get their "Street Tacos!"
2	In a word: forgettable. This is AZ, you can get better mexican fare on any corner. Largely bland and uncreative, food was just ok. Service was good, food was more than it was worth.
1	Went to an Angels spring training game and got an ad for $1 nachos.  We saw their "great place to day drink" ad and though it would be good for happy hour.  The map showed it was down the street from Diablo stadium.  Ends up it's not, not travelling through a little mexican town to grab a beer/marg.  Get's a one star because I could not find the place.
1	I am very surprised to see such high ratings for this place.  The ONLY thing going for Dos Gringos is the atmosphere.  It looks like it would be a fun place to hang out and have a cocktail with friends.  That is, if you can actually carry on a conversation without going hoarse because you have to yell to be heard over the blaring music. This was our first visit to Dos Gringos.  My husband and I went out without the kids during this visit.  I saw that they had a kids menu but didn't look at prices or choices.  The food was extremely disappointing.  the chips were obviously dumped out of a bag somewhere in the back and the salsa was....bland.    I ordered a pick two combo which came with mini (very mini, three bite tacos - could have been one bite for my husband) , flautas and rice and beans.  I swear that there could not have been more than 1 Tbsp of meat in each taco and flauta.  I don't think that the flautas actually had meat in them.  I take that back, a disgusting charred bit of steak fell out of it on my last bite.  My husband ordered 2 street tacos with rice and beans.  He ended up with substantially more food at a cheaper price than mine.  His tacos looked decent, but the meat I tasted was unimpressive. We don't plan on going back to Dos Gringos anytime in the near future.  Even the chain restaurants have them beat and that's not saying much!  My rating: Blech
2	If you want to sit on the patio at a meat-market, have we found the place.  if you are looking for good food with your beverage, it may not really be the place to go...  not horrible but nothing to go out of your way for.   It does have the "beach vibe" somewhat, but really there are much better places for this 40 yearold to go.
2	Not much needs to be said about a bar devoted to being besotted.The various signs with catch phrases and college colloquialisms attest to this.  "I like your pants. Especially on my floor," says it all.  Perhaps a devoted patron of this bar would respond with " Don't take life too seriously, you're not going to make it out alive," another turn of phrase that can be found mounted with Rocky Point pride in this establishment.The atmosphere is meant to be very casual, laid back - like you were spending your spring break in Puerto Penasco.  But the similarities end there.  Quite possibly home of the worst house margarita - so full of the synthetic and syrupy sweet and sour mix that there is nothing more discernible.  Despite there being a full bar, the bartenders have little knowledge of cocktail recipes - I would recommend ordering beer by the bottle.Although a full menu is available, there is no better word to describe the food than...bad.  If you have ever had a bonafide street taco in Mexico, then you will be dismally disappointed by their poor imitation.  One would assume that it is quite difficult to mess up a taco, but here they got everything wrong in both the preparation of the meat and the salsa that shamefully tried to mask the poor taste of the meat.  There is no need to dissect the menu or its gustatory offerings any further, as Dos is quite frankly a place to play beer pong and get wasted.It does offer a variety of entertainments such as Tuesday comedy nights and Wednesday's Texas hold 'em.  Bean bag tournaments are also held here.Dos certainly caters to a specific crowd, I am not one of those that feel as though they still want to be on spring break.
2	Meh....its really cool looking for just drinks and a good time...I didn't like the food very much at all.  I had the street tacos and just wasn't too happy with the quality of the food...I don't know if it sat too long, or if thats just how it always is?  But the fish pieces were really good!  The service could be a little better, but overall its OK.
1	I will never forget my 18th Birthday.  Even though it was over three years ago, I can remember it down to what I was wearing.  Not by how good it was, but by my experience at Dos Gringos.I have no problems with the servers or the decor.  It was actually quite nice.  My problem was with the food.I ordered a Carne Burrito with Red Sauce, which is something that I usually get when I am at an authentic mexican restaurant.  From the first bite, I knew that something was amiss.The first complaint that I have was that the meat was raw.  Not Rare, Not Pink, but Full-on red.  I did not find this out until I was halfway done with the burrito; I thought that all the red juice was from the red sauce that I had ordered... I was wrong.After asking for it to be recooked, they brought me back a new burrito.  Skeptical, I cut inside, just to take a look... Lo and Behold, more uncooked meat.Now, at this point, I remember getting queasy.  Not only did I have food poisoning, but I was deeply sick from the raw meat that I had previously eaten.  Needless to say, I found myself in their restroom for an extended period of time.I have not gone back since.  Some people that I Know believe that I would have a different experience if I returned, but that is not a chance that I will take.  Dos Gringos?  More like Don't Go-go.
5	I loved this place!! Other than the great drink specials and the awesome staff, there are games to play like adult-sized Jenga! Hopscotch! And there is a free comedy show every Tuesday. Cant go wrong with this place is loud music, fun people and great drinks are your goals.
3	Very mediocre Mexican food, but good service.  Coming from a place called Dos Gringos, you have to expect nothing but gringo-y type food though.  I had the gringo burrito, which had a lot of meat, veggie, and black beans in it.  It also came with rice and beans.  Everything in the dish was very bland though, and I had to smother everything in Tapatio hot sauce for there to have any flavor.  Despite having some communication difficulties since it was hard to hear each other speak (We were outside on the patio at a table and a live band was playing), our waitress did a good job refilling drinks as needed and getting our orders in.  I would probably only go here again if a good band is playing here, but I wouldn't go here solely for the food.By the way, the outdoor Jenga blocks are pretty cool.  We made a tower of 29 levels of blocks, but unfortunately did not beat the record of 34!
4	During my five-day stay in Tempe/Phoenix, I honestly did not have a single bad meal.  Every restaurant and coffee joint I stopped at gave me great experiences.  I wanted to end my trip out to Arizona with a good dinner, and I found myself at Dos Gringos to hopefully find that last meal out west.Honestly, the name sold me pretty quickly.  Obviously, I'm not going to expect fine cuisine and classy dining at a place called Dos Gringos, but being a fan of dives and being one with my fellow man, it sounded like a good place to experience.Despite it being chilly at night now this time of year, it was still an experience upon arrival.  It's like the tacky, somewhat tasteless, lampooned Mexican version of TGI Fridays, with a whole bunch of crap all over the walls, and a whole lot of hand-painted placards with sayings that make all of our inner-14-year-olds chuckle and appreciate.  The parking was free and plentiful, and I'm always a fan of the grungy, Christmas lights hanging all over the place kind of decor; my kind of style for relaxation and no-nonsense.There were TVs everywhere, which was nice to watch some Sunday Night Football in the process, and I sat wherever I pleased.  Service was from a cute petite blond waitress who was quick to take my order, deliver my beer, and bring my food when it was ready.  I ordered an enchilada, and two "street" tacos, which were corn tortilla apparently.  Don't take my word for it, being an uneducated in Mexican food, east coaster, but I thought it was great.  Definitely different than the kind of "Mexican" food I can get in Atlanta.Overall, I can't say that I had a bad experience.  The food was filling, not really expensive, and tasty to my tastebuds.  Beer, football on a mild evening in a place full of 56 pieces of tacky Mexican flair and a waitress with a great smile, and I can't complain.  Solid, adequate way to end my dining binging throughout the Phoenix/Tempe area.
1	Looks like a great place, and probably is for hanging out and having some drinks with friends.  For lunch or dinner - I would pass!  The positives:  Good drinks/cocktails. The negatives: Kids eat free every day however the waitress tried to charged us for two kids meals.  My son's milk was sour.  The cheese on the nachos was poured (cheese sauce) on instead of melted on.  The plate was super hot when the waitress put it in front of him.  The rice and beans tasted like they came from a can......I think you get the point.
3	I had been in Tempe for two days and hadn't gotten any Mexican food - how is that possible?  So when my friends asked what I wanted for dinner I said "TACOS!" and off to Dos Gringos we went.The food is pretty decent - not the best I've ever had, but I'd certainly go back.  The salsa seemed fresh, and I liked that there was a big variety of meats for the tacos, and you could get them prepared three different ways (gringo, tex mex, and something else that escapes me).  The service was a little flaky, but nothing offensive.
1	Not a fan. Local organizations (Apollo Group, US Airways, Intel) converge on this location making it a difficult experience. If you do go on a weekend night, be ready to navigate that small parking lot.
4	I go here for the cheap happy hour beers and the company. I usually sit at the bar. The seating has gotten better but when they put the backs on the chairs people would lean back and almost break them. The cushions fabric on the chairs make you sweat badly and the concrete bar table will burn your arms in the summer and they are in the shade. The food is good and cheap. The bar waitress are good but sometimes you get that "one" who won't pay attention to you at all. I think she is more concerned about popping out those fake boobs at everyone. The parking isn't that great.
4	Only three stars?  Wow--maybe it was the ambiance that sucks overall here--I don't know.  I actually didn't go here myself.  It was my wife.  She brought me home a cheese enchilada plate and it hit the spot--even lukewarm.All I know is that meal was better as a leftover than a lot of the fresh ones I've had at taquerias around the tri city area.  Makes me wonder how it would taste if it were nice and hot. . .Okay--challenge accepted.  I'll let you know.
5	Really great experience, the food was awesome and I loved the staff. I was bummed it was jammin' busy for how awesome i thought it was so, GO CHECK IT OUT! I live to far away to go there regularly but I would go all of the time if they had one in North Phoenix. The manager was extra cool and made sure we were good at all times. When I go to the eastside it will be my go to Mexican Grill!
5	Awesome neighborhood spot! The bartender Chuck, rocks! (literally, he's in a band called "Grain of Truth") and besides the service, Monday nights ($2 U-call it's) with DjMrEaton have been a lot of fun. Well at least the last three I've been too!
5	What a great place.  Food was excellent as was the service.  Nice outdoor location.  Will definitely go back again next time I am in town.
2	Has anyone noticed that almost every Mexican joint in Phoenix claims to have won some award for their tacos. Someone needs to study this disturbing trend and clearly none of those awards could possibly be related to the taco Tuesday slop they are serving up to the customers. I did notice that a comedy night was also underway when I arrived and if you are ever thinking of attending (free) don't waste your time. It is clearly amateur night as bunch of people off the street are reading their routines right off the pad in front of the crowd. Oh, a heckler could have a field day here.   The bar at this place is pretty small and full of smokers which don't add much to anything. Maybe some bar will get some balls and just ban smoking totally. Doubt it, but why the hell not?    Ok, the tacos were not too good. The tex mex ground beef was luke warm, overloaded with lettuce and a semi-stale Ortega shell. The grease factor here was very high and the meat tasted of the Jack in the box variety. The $2 chicken taco has some good shredded chicken going for it, but everything else they threw in there didn't do it much justice and made it a watery mess of sour cream, tomato juice, bagged cheese and some chicken grease. Keep it simple should be the motto. I did like the corn hole arena, but this backyard needs to be renovated. They can make better use of the space in my opinion. Nobody greets you at the entrance, so you need to hope the servers find you when you seat yourself. Not that crowded on Tuesday, but other days, it could be a long wait.
2	Tried this place a few times and just not that impressed with the food.  Seems to be more of a place to drink than eat.
2	When I first moved here I thought this was good Mexican food.  Shows how much I knew.  Seems like a good place to drink, but you are best off leaving the menu on the table.  The food is really bland, salsa is not great either.
1	Lousy service. Could not get a water refill or chips or any attention. The bottom line is we had to get up and chase down our own drinks, water, chips salsa and when food came after almost 45 minutes it was warm at best and the excuse was were training a new person in the kitchen. No one that evening appeared to care about service and this place was not at all busy. We had to go for some volunteer work across the street and I tried to speak to someone but they did not stop by before we had to leave so we were not late. Most of us had maybe 15 minutes to scarf down our food as it was.
2	Worst Mexican food I have had in the USA. Food was half warm and the green Chile pork tasted like left over and out of the can.The waiter is nice though.
5	amazing
4	I have lived in the greater Phoenix area and been to every Dos Gringo's in the valley, I like them all. The South Tempe location however, has the best staff by far. The staff, BOTH male and female are friendly, professional, and take their jobs seriously. The food is good and on par with what offerings a place like this would have. Obviously a large part of the place is the drinks, and the bartenders are always quick to keep your glass full of whatever you want. They will even try to make anything you request as long as they have the ingredients. Overall, I have no complaints and would gladly bring friends and family here and I will be back. Would definitely have to disagree with the overly critical reviews below. Some almost sound personal...Favorite Food items:Surf and Turf Salad/WrapMini ChimisGringo RollsTacosAnything with Carne Asada or seafood.
4	Went on a Sunday. Awesome patio. Very cheap Corona. Live original music. Service was very good, chips and salsa very good. Their queso dip is loaded and delicious. Only thing that was disappointing was their mahi and shrimp tacos. Would definitely get drunk on the patio again but next time I will only eat chips, salsa, and queso.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite hangouts for fun, food and drinks. The service hasn't been consistent over the last decade, but it has definitely been going up again. There are finally servers who know how to keep you from going empty on your drinks and cooks doing a great job on the food. I have been very impressed with my last few visits and plan to make this a regular place to hang out again. Keep up the good work Dos!
5	I just wanted to let everyone know how wonderful the staff is at this Dos Gringos.  I had my birthday gathering at this location because of how the staff treated me from the first time I called to ask about their restaurant/bar.  I believe the bartender's name was Cheryl that worked the day shift on Saturday 8/10/13.  She was so full of energy and explained everything thoroughly of what they could offer for a small group of 12 people.  She informed one of her manager's would call to further confirm the details.  This was such a pleasant surprise after not having AT ALL the same experience of calling the Sandbar off of Ray Road in Chandler(closer to my house).Then the day before the gathering there were weather reports that it could rain so I called them up and spoke to their assistant manager Jenny.  She was so polite, professional, and full of energy.  She said we will do whatever it takes to make sure the gathering was fun and could move us inside which gave me peace of mind.Then the general manager- Hannah called a couple of hours prior to the gathering to make sure we were still good with the time of 7pm and reassured me that if it rained they would move us inside.  WOW this is what I call customer service.The night of my birthday gathering they did move us inside, but not because of it raining, but it was only 114 degrees outside.  They set us so that a couple of tables made a long table and way in the back that made it more private.  Niki our server was so sweet and accommodating.  She had to wait several times to take orders as some of my friends were coming in at random times.  She made sure that everyone was taken care of throughout the night as well as Hannah checking in to see if it was still going good. We never did get to play corn hole or jenga- but it was there if we wanted to do so.I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to have a birthday gathering to just a social with friends.  The staff is out of this world.  Thanks to all of you for making my birthday gathering a wonderful and fun experience.Warmest regards,Joann Z
4	Damn good food, great service! A bit warm though, but I can take it. I recommend this place. My wife says it's like a Mexican food Hooters.
4	Even when there aren't many people here, I still end up having fun. It is close to my apartment so a quick go-to but would come even if it wasn't. Staff is attentive and drinks are great!
5	Great service, always great music, and great food. Outside atmosphere is relaxing. Great drink specials, especially Monday nights.
3	Dos Gringos a nice play to go to get some drinks and happy hour. The food is good, but it's nothing that will stand out to you. They have a nice atmosphere and everyone is really friendly. TVs are everywhere and the patio is very nice especially at the right time of the year.
4	I've always loved Dos Gringos, from the old one I would frequent in Tempe to this location we pre-game at during kickball season. They have big open patios perfect for sipping on Coronas and they've got decent Bloody Mary bars on Sundays. The Carne tacos are cheap and delicious, and they have crazy specials during games. This is a great place for groups or lazy day drinking.
5	Oh, good old Dos Gringos.  I make it a point to hit up this place whenever I'm in Tempe.  The food is cheap, delicious, and there's an excellent patio that is awesome to sit on year-round.  The service can slack a bit when they're busy, but the wait staff seem to always make up for it.  The salsa is delicious, not too spicy, and extremely flavorful.  I've never had a complaint about their food and the drinks are on-point.  The outdoor patio is also dog friendly, which is really awesome.  And there are huge Jenga pieces and a bag toss game which is popular with the kids I've seen there.  I honestly don't know why this place only has three stars...give them a try.
3	Another beautiful day in paradise . . . and so we decided to have an outdoor lunch today . . . and with that said, we thought we would try this place . . . we had a ball.We were greeted promptly after we chose a table . . . and our menus and drinks followed shortly there after . . . I ordered Juan's Famous Tacos with Rice and Beans.  While the tacos were good . . . I really would have liked more chorizo in the taco, so they were a kind of bland for me.  There rice and beans were very good though.My only problem was that the tables were tacky . . . not sure if it was from not wiping down the tables well . . . or the fact that tables we wiped down and the cleaning product just mad the table paint tacky.  I am hoping the latter.I will be back . . . but next time . . . I will definitely try something other than the tacos . . .
2	Five of us ate there, None of us enjoyed the food.  Too bad, has fun outside games to play.  Would be nice to go for drinks and play games.
5	Great food, great drink specials (especially if you like Corona, bloody Mary's or Mimosa's) and a great Mexican vacation like atmosphere. DOS is one of our favorite weekend escapes for some quick fun in the sun. Definitely recommended for a mid-day snack/lunch and drink.
5	Having a great time at Dos Gringos. The party atmosphere is perfect after a baseball game. Killer music, Corona buckets, chips, salsa and bean bag toss.
3	All of the dos gringos are about the same, unique atmosphere but food isnt that great and only beer on special is pacifica. Does have some games like bean bag toss so its an decent place to hang out in the late evenings but I never eat there anymore.
1	This place sucks. Waitress completely ignored us for about 20 mins. Went to Bogeys instead.
3	Was in town for work and met a friend that lived nearby here for a beer, with one of the main reasons being they had a Golden Tee machine. Well, they served beer (albeit a limited selection) and the machine worked (unlike the pinball machine next to it) so I guess it served its purpose? Nothing to write home about though, the outdoor patio seemed like it could be pretty cool to hang out and the dedicated cornhole space was a nice touch, but all in all, just a dive bar.
4	Went on a Saturday evening and was surprised that it wasn't packedThe outdoor patio seating area was nice even if the mists were going 80mphIt wasn't that hot but whatevs Our server was really greatShe was nice and very attentive This is a great place for drinksI had a house marg and it was yummyThe food...I was kinda iffy about itSo I asked the server what she liked I got a 2 option dish... Enchiladas and rolled tacos or somethingI was really surprised by how tasty they wereThey also came with rice & beansMy group was very pleased by the food here and we would stop by if we are ever in the area againPs- they have Cornhole here
2	I love Mexican food and this does not even come close. If you are going to hang out with a group it is okay. There are so many other nice places. If you are going for food you will be very disappointed. The name says it all!!!
4	We always have fun here. There's giant Jenga and Connect 4 and seriously, try the nachos with a margarita. My only complaint is that they don't have pina coladas, but' a minor gripe. Great place.
4	Teenie Tiny tacos but very tasty.  Green tomatilio salsa was delicious.  Drinks were very refreshing and our waitress Baronica was awesome.
4	PaintNite.com event. Drink deals were good. Street taco was a lil disappointment.  Meat seasoned well. Everything else bland and pale.
3	Went there during the day after rocking out at Ikea. Best part: really good tacos, and great prices. Worst part, and this is what dropped the score to a three, no air conditioning, lol. It was HOT out, and made the lunch a little uncomfortable. This seems like more of a night spot, and I bet it would be a really chill place.
4	Came here one late evening with my girlfriend, who knows everybody here. :-)  The tacos were delicious, and the drinks were well made.  I tried the signature margarita here, and it was solid goodness.  There is a sign above the bar that says something like I Y C R T B M A D, and you will have to ask the bartender what that means - and be prepared to buy a drink once you find out.  Part of the restaurant is an outdoor patio, which is great when it's nice out.  It was rainy and super windy the day I visited.
3	If its the end of your night and you have no idea what else yo do.. this place is awesome. Otherwise meehh...It has a distinct smell of vomit. The mexican food is americanized mexican influenced stuff.. and the bar well I heard their margarita is cheap?Not a huge fan. But I do come here on ocassion at the end of a night. In that case it never disappoints because it has that inviting chill atmosphere.  Super casual.. try it at least once.
2	Come here expecting a bar with bar food, and you will not be disappointed. Don't come here and expect legit Mexican food. The queso tastes like what you'd buy at the store, and the chips were stale. The. Chips. Were. Stale. That's almost hard to do. The only reason I'm even giving two stars is because the outdoor area is cool, and they allow dogs.
3	I love drinking here, but the service is always God awful. Seems like each time I go, the waitress is complaining about something in her life, or how busy her night is, or some garbage. Just shush at get my drink. Food is good, drinks are good, please work on the service! Also, place needs a good scrubbing. I feel like I'll get an STD from if I touch something in the bathroom.Prices are kind of high for what you get.
3	Been here twice sat in the outside area for happy hour the street tacos are good nothing amazing but for the price definitely a good snack and not bad. margaritas are definitely to sweet for me but that's not my field I'm a beer guy and they only have one beer on tap blue moon which is a little disappointing but I don't mind it those are a good deal as well. both servers I've had there were very good and the food was quick as well. It was a little annoying that the bartender went around and changed every single tv to Monday night football (an hour before the game was starting) after my server was nice enough to put on the basketball game I wanted to watch and he came over and changed it to the Monday night football pregame (with no sound mind you and not many people in the outdoor dining area) and followed it up by saying "you weren't watching that were you im putting on Monday night football" well now I'm obviously not... Not a huge deal obviously but I didn't see the need for the Monday night football pregame on all 15 tvs especially since I was the only one in the vicinity of this one. Just a little tidbit there but in terms of service and food you can't go wrong with this place
4	This review is only for their nachos. This place is very close to where I work. More often than not, I'm pressed for time. I will call in my nacho order and swing by and pick them up. I'm a huge nacho fan and would go as far as to say I'm a nacho connoisseur. You can add chicken or beef to your nachos. I personally like the chicken, but add whatever you like. It's your journey. Swing by and try some or if you're like me and are pressed for time, call them in! Enjoy!
1	This is a review of the restaurant setting. I walked in after lunch, about 1:00 PM  on a Friday. Dirty tables everywhere, birds flying in and out, all around the place and some settling down on dirty tables inside the restaurant having a feast of their own. The staff didn't seem to be concerned, well it did me. I adios right out of there.You gotta be KIDDIN!!
