4	Showmars serves up deliciously unhealthy food. I usually get a cheeseburger or some kind of pita wrap there. This particular location has really friendly employees. I went to Showmars one day with two friends who go there A LOT. The employees recognized my friends and knew their regular orders. I like how Showmars employees bring your order to your table and return to offer you drink refills. The food is really cheap too. There aren't many places in uptown that you can get a $6 lunch.
3	I'd never heard of Showmars before I moved to Charlotte, so it must be a semi-regional phenomenon. I've always heard good things, though, so I decided to check it out recently. The reviews were right: this place is pretty good. You're not getting all that much in terms of ambiance: it's formulaic and kinda cheesy inside; it's what you'd find at Applebee's or Chili's, which makes sense since this is a semi-chain. However, Showmar's menu is extremely extensive. You can literally get whatever you're craving here, and I do mean anything, from burgers to pasta. And it's all pretty affordable--really affordable, actually. Good for a quick lunch or quick dinner, on the cheap.
4	When in doubt, go to Showmars. That's my motto for lunch time during the week when I have no clue what I want. The cashiers are very peppy and you can eat there or carry out and they turn around the orders really quick. I love that they have multiple specials each day (Chicken Salad Pita with fries for $5.99 on Thursday, Gyro and Fries for $5.99 on Fridays) and their gyros are absolutely amazing--who knew? They have a pretty extensive breakfast menu as well and can't go wrong with the french toast. They close around 4P on the weekdays so if you're looking for a Showmars dinner, check another location!
4	When you're craving a good fish plate for lunch.....Showmars is always on standby and they never disappoint. The flounder is their specialty which includes regular fries(or sweet potato), slaw, and hush puppies for $7 bucks. What's not to love?
3	The best way I can think to characterize Showmars is that it's kind of like that girl/guy (maybe an ex) who has evolved into a fairly reliable 11PM hookup when you can't find anything better. The familiarity harbors comfort. The basic need gets satisfied and sometimes it is simply mind-blowing. But when you're done, you are disappointed, primarily in yourself for poor decision making, and slightly nauseated.But it gets the job done.
3	Solid gyros. Tasty and they serve it up QUICK at lunch time.Don't eat it for lunch, puts you in a mad coma.  Hard to stay awake, maybe I shouldn't have ate the entire pita.  It was pretty big, I guess I was hungry but still, man I am feeling LETHARGIC right about now.dmo o..ZZzzzzZzZz
4	I have enjoyed going to Showmars for years.  I used to go 3 times a week or more when I worked in building adjacent to Showmars.  I could start the day with breakfast....2 eggs scrambled well....grits, bacon and eggs and whole wheat toast to make it as healthy as I could possibly get it.  Cant do much about the butter in the grits...it just makes them good...if it is not too much of it.  OK...fast forward....8 years...and the breakfast plate is still the same....exactly the same!  I remember taking my daughter there before she went to work.....and she would eat two...yes...2 breakfast plates!  I still wonder how she did it!  they were good.  I now drop by...maybe once a week if parking is good on 5th St.  Drop in also for a good fast and nice casual lunch with a friend.  The service has always been very good...and the staff so friendly!!!  I think I will go tomorrow....and get a bowl of those good grits!!
4	Breakfast was fast, cheap, and very good!!!  We are staying around the corner and looking for a place to get good cheap breakfast and we found it at Showmars!!!  Staff was friendly!
5	Good solid home style food at a very reasonable price served in a place that is quite possibly the friendliest I've ever experienced in CLT... honestly. The overwhelming majority of patrons are on a first name basis with the staff. ~Mel's diner... renamed Showmars
