1	I've been to this location a few times.  They have a nice selection of lighting to pretty much suit everyone's tastes, but unless you are old and look like you are going to spend loads of money, don't expect any sort of service.  The last and final time my husband and I went here, we were intending to purchase some track lighting.  We actually found some stuff we really liked after about 10 minutes and we waited around that area hoping that someone could help us with some questions.  Well, 15 minutes later, that never happened, but new people were helped.  We got in line, seriously, to ask a question.  After our question was answered, instead of sending an associate to help us with our purchase, we were ignored again.  So we tried finding someone else on the floor.  No luck.  Apparently, because we are in our 20's we were just window shopping and not planning on dropping a few hundred dollars on lighting.  Needless to say, we didn't purchase anything in this awful store, and instead left pissed off.  On our way out we had to resist the urge not to trash anything and everything in sight.  Bottom line, go here with your grandparents if you want service, otherwise, go elsewhere.  THE WORST!
1	I cannot echo Bri's comments enough.  It is not just a one time thing with this place.  It is always bad service.  Too few workers defined to too many tasks.  Put one person behind the register and have that be their only job.  Put one person in the back pulling stock.  Then, put everyone else on the floor helping customers.  I should not have to stand for 30 minutes and wait to have no one talk to me.  Terrible.  I literally wanted to ransack the place as I left.  I will never be back.  Ever.  Hinkleys on Central has my business now.
4	Lamps Plus seems to get a really bad rap. Either they are really bad, or I have just been extremely lucky at both the Dublin CA location and the location in Peoria. Last month I had a lot of things to take care of for my aging Grandmother. As I have written in other reviews, my Grandma is losing her eyesight and on top of that loves to "get a deal" and if there is a coupon involved, it is that much better. Grandma had been on the hunt for a new ceiling fan for her bedroom for months and (a) could not make a decision (b) kept finding ones she liked online and then the item would be out of stock or (c) the price was higher at place x vs. place y but again it was back to the fact that she just couldn't make a decision. Not to toot my own horn (okay, just a little), I went to Lamps Plus, found a ceiling fan I knew she would love, worked with Jack (who was great, btw), took a picture, put the fan on hold, drove back to Grandma who agreed it was perfect and went back to Lamps Plus to make the purchase. I was able to arrange for an install during my trip, they took the old one off, set up her remote and almost an instant makeover to the room. Additionally with Jack's help, I purchased "Daylight" bulbs which don't take anytime to warm up so she could have as much light as possible AND much to Grandma's delight was able to use not one but two coupons towards the purchase!All in all, success and with great customer service I hope more people write more positive reviews!
1	I will have to admit it all started off pretty well. But if I was not forced to check at least one star they would not have gotten even one!   I went into the store about a month ago and started working with Bob the evening Manager.   Went through the different types of lights and finally picked out 5 lights ranging from 49.99 to 69.00 ea.  however after speaking with my wife it was obvious that we had different ideas as to how we were gong to light the outside of our home.  She arrived about 20 minutes after I called her and we ended p spending approximately 750.00 which was about 500.00 more than I had suggested earlier.  So we're told by Bob not to forget to get the post bases when we came and picked up our lights because we wild definitely need them when we installed the lights.  We were then informed after buying our light that they would be in Approximately 2 to 3 days later.  we received a call just over two weeks later say they were in.  So my wife and I headed down there to pick up our lights only to find out that not nay did the light company not make a base for the lights we purchased but the company that did did not make them in a color that matched our lights at all.  The stores suggestion was to buy a different base that did not match and paint them.  Well needless to say a lady that worked there I regrettably do not remember her name but she was very nice and very helpful and we picked out our new lights again and she ordered them for us.  Now two weeks go buy and I get a call stating that they have arrived and I could pick them up anytime.  So as I am traveling to the store I notice that I might be about 1 in. Late I better call being I am coming from across town.  While I am talking to the person n the phone I arrive at the store and he says let me confirm your lights are here and he asks me if I can hold.  It is now 1 minute to 8 and they close at eight.  I tell the person on the phone that I am in the parking lot and he says hold on let me check on your order I say ok and he hangs up.  As I am calling back I price another store employee locking the door. I flash my brights at him and he just ignores me and goes abut his day.  I call back and the same guy as I was talking to before answers the phone and. Express my being upset ow that the guy has locked the door and I just drove 3 minutes to get my lights.  He states " we are closed and you are going to have to come back another day".  I said that I was just talking to him and he hung up the phone instead of putting me on hold.  He then informed me " that the night manager Bob had told I'm to hang p the phone because they were closed and that I could return tomorrow".  I informed them that I wanted my lights and that I was going to make it very clear in my complaint what happened.  He than said hold on and when he returned he said I would be allowed to get my lights.  They opened the door and Bob came out from the back chewing his food which was obviously more important than me the customer, he did not say hello he stated in a very upset and rude tone that he was going to need my Drivers License to make sure I was who I was saying I was and ten I could take my lights and leave.   Gave him my DL against my better judgement and when he was done writing down the information I left.  I promise you this, I will make sure of two things. 1. Never to do business with them again.  2.  Make sure all 150 people at my office know what type of company this is as well as making sure everyone i talk to is also aware of their poor regard to customer service.  I will also do my best to put  them on the no shop list for future purchases.  DO OT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY HERE.  I WOULD SUGGEST HOME DEPOT OR LOWES, OR EVEN ANOTHER SPECIALITY STORE THAT DOES LIGHTING.  Try the lighting universe on line or Hinkleys lighting the have 3 stores in the Phoenix area4620 North Central AvenuePhoenix, AZ 85012(602) 279-626716049 N. Greenway-Hayden LoopScottsdale, AZ 85260(480) 948-8799
