3	PROS: Wireless internet! A huge plus is the parking lot, you can park without paying. The location is good, and you can easily get into the lot. A pretty large space with good food at affordable prices. The people working there are young, nice, and helpful. The tables look clean. CONS: There are only a few outlets in the entire restaurant. One which was located in the far back near the elevators to the adjoining hotel and the bathrooms. This made it very noisy and distracting with people constantly walking by. It was also an awkward place, behind a wall, and people obviously wondered why I seem to be "hiding". This is a huge negative since you go to Panera's not just for the food, but for a convenient place to get some work done.
2	Because this Panera is located in the heart of Oakland it is always crowded with students on their laptops or reading or just hanging out. It is actually more spacious than it appears but it's still always crowded. Prices keep going up while portion sizes keep getting smaller.
2	For some reason, every time that I go to this Panera, something annoys me! I am quite the Panera lover, too, and this is the only restaurant of probably 20-30 locations that I have been to that has consistently not met my expectations. The annoyance starts as I walk into the door. I stand behind the roped off line every time I'm there trying to decide what I want. However, this is the only location where I'm asked 5 times while standing there if I need help. I'm sorry, but I understand how a line works and will make my way into the line when I'm done staring at the menu! In the past, I had a simple bagel and cream cheese order confused. More recently, I've been disappointed by some part of my meal every time I'm there. The last two times that I've been to this restaurant, my issue was the french baguette. Their baguettes are cut very inconsistently and are often very thin and flat. The You Pick 2 sandwiches are also unusually tiny.The best part of the restaurant is how huge it is! It's at least twice as large as a normal Panera and looks like it's a popular spot for college students to study and take a break.
4	Good food, fast service, sort of noisy environment! Great experience overall
4	Panera Bread. The Paradise Bakery of the east.There is plen-ty of seating at this location. And the staff was very friendly.Since they are the Paradise of the east, I was already familiar w/ their menu. So, I opted for the Parmesan tortellini and a half of a Fuji apple chicken salad. Our food came out quickly, which is nice cuz I was starving. Ive said it before and Ill say it again, their pasta portions are way too small, but delicious. And I love the Fuji apple salad. The chicken has some great seasoning, theres dried cranberries, walnuts, blue cheese, tomatoes, and apple chips on it. W/ some fruity vinaigrette, its the perfect combination.And apparently on the east coast, they sub out the free cookie w/ some free bread.Id definitely recommend this place over the hotel its attached to.
3	So by now friends probably know I'm a total Panera addict. I spend a lot of time running around the city and on the road, and it's nice to know I can get a you-pick-two combo at Panera that isn't calorie laden and still tastes good. Of course, if I want to splurge, Panera is good for that, too!It's kind of funny being in Oakland because there are two Panera's within a mile or so of each other - one's right on Forbes Ave., and then there's this one. So which is better?I guess it depends on what you want. The major pros here are the parking lot and the massive number of tables in here. I couldn't turn a corner without finding another table, even during the dinner rush. Also, this may depend on who is working when, but often I'll get massive pieces of bread as my side here, which I love - extra bread is always good in my book!Unfortunately, the parking lot fills up SUPER quickly here so that pro is a moot point sometimes. Then there's the fact that I never know what to expect behind the counter when I come here. Some days there's couple people taking orders, and a handful more preparing the food - like you see in any Panera. That said, it's not uncommon to see just one person manning the registers when the line has about 15 people waiting for food - but then instead of having extra hands help with food prep or taking orders, they have someone bring the food to the tables. I find this is ridiculous, for two reasons. One, it's Panera. You have pagers. We have no problem coming to get our food - help move that long line along by taking orders! Two, I hate this idea of someone bringing your order to you in a Panera. They don't take your order and put it in, they're just given the food on a tray and told to take it to you by other staff. How do they even know where you're sitting? I always stand by the counter waiting for my food rather than risk having an issue and having to wait even longer when this set-up is in place.Fortunately these problems are not regular issues; I've met with a friend here on weekends and we've had no complaints on those days ordering wise. And sometimes when I stop in the staff DO use the pagers to let you know that you can go to the counter and get your food. It's very strange that they don't always do this to me, though.As for the lines, well, the weekday meal rushes are just bad in ANY Oakland eatery since, well, it's Oakland - filled with students, residents, AND Pitt staff, plus local businesses and regular residents. It happens. So, despite the weird operations system that is implemented half the time here, I think this Panera's just fine. Not great, not amazing, but if you want Panera, it's fine.
3	It wouldn't be worth rating another corporate BS place, but, I have to say this location here IS nice to hold meetings at, as it's very large and accomodates many people, who may like to order themselves coffee or sandwiches.  It's right in Oakland, and has a free parking lot in walking distance to a lot of other things that you might want to check out on your way out.As far as the chain itself goes, the bottom line is that Panera is WAY too damn expensive for what you get.  Nothing there is particularly bad, but it's not particularly good either, and certainly not creative. $7 for half of a grilled cheese and a cup of tomato soup?!  Really? No thanks.  Better than star bucks, OK, but kinda on the same lines.  It's Starbucks+.  I wonder if they're owned by the same holding company or something.So, fine for group meetings, but don't go there by yourself or with the significant other.
3	I have mixed reviews about Panera.  The good first.  Great place to get a quick lunch and the food is usually fresh.  Now onto the bad-the prices are outrageous!  I met a group of friends for lunch and one friend's bill came to 14$ for a drink and salad!  The Panera in Oakland also gets crowded especially during the lunch rush where orders take a lot longer than normal and it is hard to find a seat. I do like their bagels and pastries-the cookies are delicious!  My typical lunch order is the bacon turkey bravo-love the bread they put this on. I also often times get the potato or broccoli cheddar soup. The you pick two option is great where you can choose two out of the three soup, salad or half of a sandwich plus a side. I do like how they give you the option of a roll, apple or chips as your side.
5	Love this location!  This is the largest Panara in the area so it can accommodate crowds---even during the lunch rush. Service is quick!  Dining area is huge (they also have separate areas that you can use for meetings).  They have a large parking lot as well (huge plus in Oakland).Food and prices are comparable to other Parara's in the area.  It is a good deal for the quality of the food, friendliness of the staff and speed of preparation!
