5	This new Mesa location (about 2 weeks old as of this writing) is kind of quirky.  It's situated right on the South side of McDowell road across from Red White & Brew.  I often drive by and glance at the folks sitting outside.  We chose the porch as well, which was goodly-sized and equipped with hanging lights and a flat screen TV.  Must be nice at night.  I'm not sure if they have misters but Red White & Brew does.The interior is spacious and the bar looks comfy with many screens, but it's not a super big bar, just very simple.  The restaurant has a chain feel, but the staff are very friendly and the food options were plentiful.I ordered the spinach enchilada lunch special (really nice) while my sister got the bean and cheese burro (it's big).  Even the kids' meals seem large in portions.  They offered my nephew a "kids menu" but it was really a piece of paper and two crayons (orange and purple - Go Suns!) on which to color.  (The regular menu includes the kids menu).  Mixed drinks looked pricey but beer seemed reasonable.The food comes fast, tastes great and the restaurant is very comfortable.  This would be a good stop before heading up to the Salt River to do some tubing.  Definitely coming back!
4	Definitely going back for more. The chips were unexpectedly good. I was surprised at just how much food they give you, especially at lunch. . I had the Spinach Enchiladas which were perfect. The white sauce was good, and it was not too heavy for lunch. Everyone else enjoyed their food as well. Also I saw the nachos at another table. They were huge and looked amazing. Also I spotted some kind of desert in a taco salad shell and chocolate nachos. I hope someone else orders it and lets us know how it is. The wait staff was very attentive. (The fact that Fox News was filming there could have had something to do with it.) She warned us that the portions were large, and she was not kidding. Make sure to have room in your fridge for left overs- even when ordering from the lunch menu. Oh and parking was so much better than at red White and Brew.
4	I recently discovered Nando's in Gilbert on an unexpected drive by.  Needless to say...when they opened the one they built directly behind my house, I was thrilled.  The food is unbelievable.  I have been dying for a good Mexican place that makes me happy...and I found it, finally!!! I am a chips and salsa-aholic, and this place doesn't disappoint.  Salsa could be spicier, but I have a small child and he loves it, and the flavor is so great, I could drink it.  Yum.  They do bring a small container of spicier salsa, and it is good enough for me.  They didn't get 5 stars from me simply based on the fact that the children's meals are completely over priced.  $4.95...not too bad, however that is without a drink or options.  $2.75 for a lemonade for a kid is ridiculous on top of the $5 for food.  Ugh!  Also, my son loves the grilled cheese (it is big) but he would much rather have the carrots and celery with ranch offered with the wings than the 5 pounds of french fries they put on his plate that go to waste.  (Hope the owners read these!).That being said...I have to say...one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten...and would recommend to everyone is....the PIZZA BLANCO!!!! OMG.  Enough said.  It is big enough for four people (wish they would offer a smaller serving!). Two can order...it does heat up great.    I did venture past it and get a chicken quesadilla this time...just as amazing.  It is a tortilla with cheese and chicken for goodness sake, how can it be so good??? What does this place put on it's chicken??? I actually think the chickens walk into the kitchen and just surrender because they know how damn good they are going to taste after they are grilled!!!! KUDOS to Nandos. :)   Even better, I can drink too much and walk home!  I recommend the Prickly Pear and the Huckleberry margaritas!
2	There's nothing terrible about this restaurant, the food is tasty most entrees were covered heavily in cheese (not my thing) the perfect storm margarita $7.50 or so was quite tasty my pork tacos meat was dry my wife had a stuffed chile relleno (smotherd in cheese) once she removed the glob of cheese the chile was tasty the salsa tasted like picante sauce out of a jar service was good when our waiter brought us our check he had written have a blessed night.........WHAT.........i dont mix religion and drinking.......... to many really good mex restaurants in az to dine at a americanized version.........ps this was the new mesa location
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  Hubby ordered the steak fajitas (very tender) and I had the mahi mahi tacos.  YUM!  The mango margarita is seriously good too.  So glad to have another great option in E. Mesa!!
3	I really prefer the other Nando's in Gilbert. The service at this location is terrible, but what do you expect from high school students? This staff needs some help with time management and what to do when the restaurant isn't busy but you still have tables to serve. As with the other Nando's, decent chips and salsa, lots of vegetarian choices (potato jack flauta  and black beans are really good), and a tasty margaritas. They do like to smother some of their items in cheese so be ready.
3	The salsa here at Nandos was amazing.  I usually make great judgement with the salsa, as I pour a ton of salsa all over my main entrees.  I do not do it because the food lacks flavor, but I do it because I love salsa just that much.  I ordered the Jalapeno Chicken Soup.  I wasn't terribly hungry and I banked on eating a lot of chips and salsa to fill up.  The soup was okay.  I was happy it was white meat chicken, but it lacked some flavor.  I tried some of my friend's rice and beans, and it was a little too salty for my liking.  I will have to give this another try and maybe my ratings might improve a little.
1	Oh god! No!! Terrible!! No flavor in the food or drinks! The margharitas were sooo weak!! Everyone I know who has gone hated it!! There are enough good Mexican restaurants on the East side don't waste your times here! But then again...its slim pickings this far out east mesa. The service wasn't great either.
4	Great place to eat and hang out! The salsa is amazing! The staff is friendly! You can eat inside or outside. I highly recommend it!
1	bland food meets bad service...and something would not digest so I was reminded of the experience for hours!!  Had they put as much time and moeny in to the recipes and service instead of the property it woudl have been much better.  Nice location but there are much better alternatives!!  yo qiero tace bell after this one!!
4	My first visit here!  I love to find new places especially those hidden from sight like Nandos. Today i tried the lunch special. A beef Taco and cheese enchilada. it was pretty much what I expected, but in a good way!The other yelp reviewers had given it pretty much a thumbs up and I think they were spot on. iI's typical texmex, but really well done. The portions are generous and the food was well prepared and presented. It was actually much more than I could possibly eat. So I was not disappointed, BUT I was not enchanted either.
1	If you like awful Mexican food this is your place.
4	Great food. Good tequila list!
3	The only thing I can recommend here is the fajitas and drinks.  All of there other dishes are drenched in too much cheese and sauce to have any real flavor.  The atmosphere and service is great though.
5	Great food! The food here is so much better than their Gilbert location. Not sure what happened over there, but as soon as this location opened the food in Gilbert when DOWNHILL. I prefer the service at the Gilbert location but I will only come here now as the food does not even compare.Barrio Tacos, and El Jefe Chimis are amazing.  I also ordered the Ensalada Asada and it is HUGE!! For dessert the Fried Ice Cream is the winner! Their Margaritas are HUGE and very strong. The server told me they use a gold tequila in there normal margaritas. Just one margarita at $5.25 ad I was good to go. If you love Mexican food go to this location. OH YEAH And the Spinach dip is to die for!!
4	Great food and service. Try the pollo Ricco.
5	Get the mesquite beef tacos, I dare you.
4	Yummy!! We love Nando's!! The pollo rico is amazing!
4	Great service and fabulous happy hour specials that easily make a fun delicious dinner for two!
4	Love to check out the local owned/opperated places.  We had heard wonderful things about the Gilbert location, and decided to try the one in Mesa.  We ordered food for my daughter basically right when we sat down, so that she would be eatting fast.  Was shocked at how fast her food came out.  Our food took a bit longer, as they were rather busy.  For the most part, everyone liked their selections.  My only comment is to be sure and read the beans that come with dinner.  I'm not a fan or refriend, and when I realized that...requested to change them.  Before they could switch, the food runner brought out our food.
1	We used to like this place but not a good experience this time.  Our server was great but the food tasted old and just slopped on the plate.
3	I love mexican food. Most of the time this Nandos is good, but the one in Gilbert is much better and much more consistant in the freshness of the food as well as the presentation of the food than the Mesa location.    I do like the staff at the Mesa location, I eat there so much I know them all.   I do wish however, that the consistancy was better and that they would make the chocolate nacho chips FRESH..  They only make them once a week and they are absolutely NASTY by day three but they serve them anyway despite the NUMEROUS times that I have expressed this to the staff in the past.  I will continue to go there because it is close to my house.  The staff and management are nice and acknowledge you when you walk in the door. That is saving them a little bit in this review.   FRESH chocolate nacho chips is all I ask!!!!!
3	I've visited off-and-on since opening.  Having tried several items, from "specialties" to "combo platters," I have to say that their offerings aren't anything to write home about.  They're not horrible, but far from impressive.  The portion sizes are right, the chips and salsa are okay.  Although I love me some guacomole, I'm not a big fan of theirs.  If you're looking for some mexican food that's just decent and filling, Nandos will suffice.
5	Love Nando's. Love, love, love the El Jefe Chimichanga with pork, the pork fajitas (anything with pork) it's grilled pork, but it's so tender & delicious.I also like the Pollo Rico, but I add grilled mushrooms inside to keep the chicken a little more moist, you can do almost anything here!I like that the McDowell location is more open, & has a bigger patio & more of a bar atmosphere, and I also LOVE how there's a breakfast place attached to this one open on the weekends. Mexican breakfast is AWESOME!!House margs are inexpensive and STRONG, most of the staff is pretty knowledgable about anything you ask. Lunch specials & happy hour specials are amazing!!!Go here!
5	I love Nandos food! They are delicious. If you like hot hot hot salsa ask them for the salsa from the back.. Ohh its hot and tasty. I've had a lot here and love all the dishes. We usually end up with the same waitress which was crazy but great because she is fast with refills and food. We usually come for dinner.
3	My first review was a little harsh.  I just ate here again and am revising my review....This place does a lot of things well.  Clean, with a cool atmosphere and a very friendly staff.  Large restaurant but seating is layed out well so that it feels pretty private.  Can accomodate large groups.  Food is fresh and well prepared.  My issue with Nando's is the lack of a wow factor with any of their dishes.  If you want good food that is well prepared and a large menu you will be very satisfied.  For me, when I go to a sit down restaraunt I want a dish on the menu that is memorable, unique, and tastey.  Food is solid, but for me not even in my top 10 mexican restaurants in metro Phoenix.
5	I love Nando's! I'm lucky enough to live about a block away, so we eat here often. It is very clean, fast service, excellent food. It's a bit pricier than some competitors (only $3-4), but it's well worth it for the quality and portion size - the combo plates are HUGE; you can probably split a plate dinner with a friend!  Chips and salsa are complimentary of course.  The salsa is above average and the chips are hot and fresh. I haven't tried their margaritas yet, so can't comment on those.We do 'carry-out' often as well, and they don't cheat on the portion size like some restaurants do when you don't eat-in.  They always give a HUGE bag of chips with every carry-out meal, but I would order the extra pint of salsa - the small container of salsa they give you goes quick!
1	Do not waste your money. Worst chimachanga ever. Carne asada very good the tortillas were a disaster. Soggy. Chips and salsa nothing special. Chips old and stale. Burrito wrapped in cardboard. Taco salad dressing not good either. Besides it was expensive. Across the street is the red white and brew which I highly recommend.
3	The food isn't very good. I had ordered a quesadilla and the cheese wasn't even melted. The only food item that was good were the chips and salsa.The margaritas on the other hand are delicious! The bartender made some awesome drinks. I ordered a grateful dead and he actually knew how to make it! I've been to other bars asking for that drink and they never made it right.
5	Excellent Mexican food,better than most.went for lunch had enchilada,taco,rice n beans,definetly give you lots of food here folks and cheap.Chips n Salsa yummy.Worth the money and the drive,service was awesome also.Go getcha some!!!!!
3	Nothing wrong here.  It's more elegant than a typical Mexican restaurant.  I found the food perfectly edible and hits the spot when I have a craving for Mexican but I save 4 and 5 star reviews for Mexican restaurants when they are truly a cut above.  Usually the best Mexican food is found on plastic plates in divey locations.Go here for perfectly good Mexican food but you won't be blown away.  Also I didn't like their margaritas.
5	Some of the best Mexican Food in the Valley!
1	Food is terrible - tastes like the cook is a smoker (too salty). Not very authentic either. Went one time for Happy Hour & figured I'd get a quesadilla along with my drink. Couldn't even finish that - it was just gross. Drinks are nothing to write home about either (although in all fairness, I don't usually do margaritas). Don't know why people come back here - we definitely won't!
5	One of our local favorite hangouts. Fajitas are very good, pollo rico is amazing. Always plenty of chips and salsa. The perfect storm margarita is one of the best margaritas I've had north of the Mexican border, period. Above average Tequila selection, especially for a place that is restaurant first and bar second. Wait staff is friendly and prompt, but don't always know the menu. Manager is very good and often comes by to check on guests or drop off a complimentary shot of anejo ;)
5	Went here last night for my husband's birthday dinner. The food was great, the service was attentive, and the atmosphere was nice. This will definitely be our new go to mexican place!
3	The Mini Shrimp Chimis are just ok & the HOT hot sauce that comes with the chips is not very hot.
2	Food just isn't very good, too salty as another reviewer said previously. Not very authentic either, think of an upscale version of your favorite Taco Bell entree. Dishes lack spice and substance.  Even my margarita was weak. I wasn't amused. Prices were on the higher side of things, and service was just OK. Took a business party here for lunch and I won't be back.
1	Table was dirty floor was worse. Dinner arrived with no utensils - attention to the basic details of restaurant management seem to be missing based upon our experience & previous reviews! Sorry we can't be more positive.
5	Been to Nando's at least 25 times.  Both the big restaurant and the "Hideaway" for breakfast.  I always see the same employees, people are always friendly and fast.  I love the happy hour food -- the mexican Pizza is awesome.  I love the beans, the enchiladas, the chips, the salsa.  The house margaritas are strong and delicious.  Yes, the food is cheesy and Americanized but it is delicious!  I have rarely seen such consistency in a restaurant.  This place will be around for a long time.  Excellent management and organization.
4	Always get great service here!  We usually take a table in the bar section & get seated right away.  Good chips & salsa.  Great margs & my husband loves that with a shot of premium tequila a little mini corona beer is included.  Good food at good prices.  Try the Pollo Rico!
3	Crowded and loud but the food is pretty damn good for Mesa.What is up with these places serving american food??
3	Omg what an unorganized group , people waiting for tAbles and people finished eating waiting for the tables to be cleared and given there bill. The staff seams to wonder aimlessly not knowing what to do next. Either they are understaffed or have a lack luster manager to direct. Food here is normally good , but the frustration of watching this staff in action is painful that being said when we finally  got a table  i had to flag down our server to place the order more frustration the food actually showed up in a reasonable time frame and was hot and tasty.we normally go early but we had friends visiting so we showed around 9 am i dont think we left untill 1045ish. it wasnt just me i we were getting ready to leave another guy was complaining about the service. though the food was good and the server was friendly i still muster up 3 stars
4	Good food, GREAT service! Our server Kelly was attentive and very helpful, nice to see great service when it seems to be lost most of the time at even higher end establishments. Nice ambience, comfortable restaurant with a nice hostess staff as well. We will be back!
5	Great food every time I've been here!  The breakfast is even better than the dinner. Staff has always been great, when I have been here.
5	We have been going to Nando's for family events and they always treat us nice, provide excellent service and great food.  We have used the Hideaway banquet room and it is wonderful.   I always get the green chili burro enchalada style and love it.
2	Been to this place a few times and I just don't see what the fuss is! The food is overpriced and the beans definitely tasted like there canned! It's Mexican food how hard is to make homemade refried beans? Yuck! This place is a total disappointment!
4	We frequent Nando's and love their food. You get a large portion and complimentary chips. Yesterday afternoon we went for lunch/dinner and the service was slow, it took nearly 30mins to get our food after ordering. (It wasn't super busy either; there wasn't a wait to be seated) Also, I asked for a substitute and they up charged a ridiculous amount without advising, which is  disappointing. I spent about $20 on a $12ish Chicken Flauta meal all because I asked for a side salad, which was literally only lettuce and shredded cheese, instead of the rice and beans and queso on my flauta instead of guac, sour cream, or cream cheese. --that's my normal meal there and normally they sub for no additional charge, just depends on the waiter I guess. Overall, we like their food and will return!
2	My cousin's usual "hole in the wall" Mexican  restaurant does not serve beer, so we decided to try Nando's because it was close  and we wanted beer after a 6 hr drive back from LA.  Lucky we were not in a hurry because the service was slow considering the restaurant was not busy. We had to ask twice for our beer and three times for additional salsa!Fortunately the food was better than the service. I had Alfredo's Green Chile Pork.  The Hatch green chile sauce was great. However, the whole beans were a bit "crunchy" for my liking. Next time I'm in town I'll go to the "hole in the wall" and have a Coke.
5	Great food , huge portions , reasonably priced. Love this Mexican restaurant. It's too busy Friday and Saturday nights.
5	Hands down my favorite Cheese Crisp in the entire valley. Perfectly crispy and delicious, I ate most of it myself. My second favorite dish is the Pollo Rico which is a delight, I love the jalapeno cream cheese.  This last time I split the steak fajitas and they were wondorous! The meat was perfectly tender and the vegetables were cooked perfectly!I also love the chips and salsa, the hotter one is quite flavorful and doesn't just burn and the regular is really fresh!!
2	Had lunch here today. The service was extremely slow. It took several minutes, I'd guess about 15, for someone to take my order, and then another 15 or 20 minutes for the order to get to my table.  The food was very good but don't be in a hurry.
5	Food is has been great every time we have been here. They are always busy. Pollo Rico is great. Both of there salsas are as well.
5	Well.......as usual, my wife and I had another great experience at Nando's! The food is good and always consistent. The fajita is some of the best I've ever had. The service is always great, especially this evening. Our server, Tena was attentive and friendly with a great attitude. Look forward to going back.
3	If you love cheese, come here.  Tacos are real good, anything with cheese is real cheesy! Beef fajitas are pretty good, chicken not so much, a little tasteless. This is one place were the service is a serious hit or miss , had to argue for ever with the waiter that the "sour cream" i ordered was actually mayonnaise, mayo is wonderful but not so much on tacos.
1	poor service
4	Best Mexican food around, huge plates. Nice environment at night too. Only bad thing is the bar closes at 930
5	I am In Love.We had the spinach enchilada and the pollo rico, lunch portions. There was enough to take home. Really good, all the right flavors and textures.I had the Heat Wave Margarita, SPICY but oh so good. Be warned it is spicy.Service was excellent, fast and accurate. Good job Maria. And that is all I am gonna say about our experience.
2	Nothing special.. I had the taco, enchilada and burrito platter. Pretty bland meat and the amount of cheese was a bit much.. And I seriously. Love. Cheese. It was nice to have two different salsas at the table and the service was good.. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing..?
1	Really craving good nachos so my husband ordered my nachos and his chirizo burrito to go and after arriving he waited 20 mins which is longer than I'm sure it takes to make said items so calling ahead is a waste. The burrito was tiny with the slightest amount of filling with a little shredded lettuce garnish, lovely and my nachos were inedible as the thick layer of cheese on top had been so over cooked it now had the texture of  car tires mmmm yum and everything under was grease soaked and lacked cheese. The worst part is the have zero contact nformation so I can't even tell them how miserable their food is.
5	We have been here on many many occasions and the food is always hot hot and fresh. I have never had a bad meal here. The wait at times can be long but it is worth the wait for Alfredo's green chili pork. It is delicious!! Hot fresh chips and salsa makes it even better.We had my daughters wedding rehearsal dinner here (yes it is a groom thing...but well) they placed our group in the meeting room and it was wonderful. We had our own servers and a full bar. The manager made me a great deal considering we had to pay. Everyone left full and happy...This is Mesa's little secret
1	Went there today to enjoy a lunch and almost walked out...A family allowed their kid to run around the place, screaming and  throwing a fit and they SAT THERE AND MUNCHED ON CHIPS....this kid sat on the floor and screamed...and they did nothing...Mom got up once, to show off her platform shoes and shorts so  tight, you could see the outline of her Vagina....Where was the MGR? He ran to the kitchen when the kid started to scream..NO BALLS...We have been going there since it opened but NEVER AGAIN....I will miss their great food, and service, but I DO NOT WANT TO BE ENTERTAINED BY YOUR KID!!!!
4	We've been coming here regularly since this location opened about 6 years ago.I love the green chili pork. The pork is very tender, the sauce is flavorful and spicy.  The barrio tacos are also really good. There is a good selection of beers on tap; so happy that they have local craft brewers featured.The service is always great. The bar area has enough tables to see the sports action on any of three TV's. In nicer weather, the patio is a great place to relax and enjoy dinner.
2	Only one trip here. The staff was entertaining more than helpful. We enjoyed them arguing about relationships, whose job is what, our waiter telling the manager to go eff himself right in front of us. Good was fine. That I can honestly say is decent.
3	The food is always great here and service is usually good. We ordered our dinners. I went to ladies room and when I returned my date said they brought his food but not mine. The waiter ASKED him what did I order!!!My date refused his food until mine was delivered.The waiter took my order for a second time. Another 15 minute wait.No apology or even asking if the food was ok.I was very disappointed by that young man.
5	The food at Nandos is phenomenal. The portions and the size of the plate will fill you up guaranteed. I've only discovered this place a few months ago, but out of any Mexican restaurant I have visited, Nandos easily takes the number one spot of my favorite place to eat. Also, the service they provide is excellent. I have never had to call my waiter or waitress over to ask for a refill, and my requests for extra hot sauce was fulfilled the minute it was requested. The prices are high when compared to the other Mexican restaurants I have visited, but if you come from 11 AM to 4 PM you can order the lunch specials, which I recommend big time. I have never had a bad experience when I visited Nandos, and I am sure I never will.
4	I like to eat at Nando's every once in awhile. We were near by so this was our choice. The wait was about 15 minutes, less than they stated. We had margaritas to start. I don't like most margaritas when eating out but these are not so sweet. I had the Seafood Relleno that was delicious. They have a ranchero sauce that's over it, not heavy, very good. They give you an abundance beans and rice and unfortunately I ate all of it. It was very good, the beans tasted housemade. My husband had the chimichanga and it was huge and he said good. My granddaughter had the beef fajitas, good and enough for both of them to bring some home. I recommending giving Nando's a try. More than enough to eat.
3	Went there on a friday night at 9PM.  I think it closed at 10PM so not really a night place. The chips and salsa are terrible.  The expensive margaritas are so-so, still tastes like they don't use fresh limes even though they say they do. So far not so good, but the service was great.Second time there got a carne asada burrito off lunch menu.  Tasted great and definitely filling.  Went there the third time for breakfast, but was disappointed with the menu.  Seemed more like American food than Mexican.  Coffee was good though, and so was the service.
1	Very disappointed, have now had a bad experience twice in the last week. What used to be my favorite restaurant has really lost its charm. From a rude server to incredibly slow service at breakfast our family will now be going elsewhere for our go to neighborhood restaurant. Even after talking to the Manager, I don't think he really cares if they retain customers and offered little in the way of apology. Bye, bye Nando's! No longer for us!
5	Went here for a family dinner on a Thursday night. The food was actually quite healthy for Mexican. Very flavorful. The atmosphere was nice and Christmasy  this time of year. I would definitely return. Excellent food. And big portions.  Staff was attentive and very good also.
2	Nice atmosphere, good beer selection but the food has no taste.  I've given it 3 tries now but won't be going back.
5	Nando's continues to deliver great food and good times! I had my best friend and his wife and young son in from LA last week and we had a fantastic dinner and the service couldn't have been better! They raved about the food and the portions...there was even enough food leftover for lunch the next day! Thanks Nando's, keep up the great service and fantastic food!
