4	Great campus, great service, live cattle cover the surrounding acreage, fun fact you cant smoke on property and most importantly usaa is checkinable plus  im 1st to review, go me! :)
5	Employer of choice!!! USAA is consistently rated a top employer in Phx, as well as the nation. Fortune 20 company!
5	Companies should sit down and listen to their customer service lines all day to see how over-the-phone customer service should be.  I always have a knowledgeable and friendly representative help me out.  Quite simply the gold standard of banking and insurance in my book.
5	Amazing company to do business with in every regard. They stand behind their values.  They CARE about their members and they demonstrate that daily! I just because an employee for USAA and may I just say...WOW!!!! Happies person in the world!!!!
5	When I was younger, I had such a hard time with banks! When I finally signed up for USAA, they actually took the time to educate me about my finances. Funnily enough, what turned me onto USAA was a car accident. At the time, I was with another company, and the person who hit me had USAA. They treated me better, educated me, defended me... which was way more then my company had done for me. Thanks USAA for being there for me through all of the bumps in the road!
5	USAA is the standard of customer service... Aside from having great, competitive rates and great products, their customer service will sell you every time.  I have spent hours of phone time talking to their employees who actually care more than enough to give every once of information they can so that you can make an informed decision about your life choices, even if that means not using a USAA product..... which makes you want to spend a little more to use USAA... cause they actually care.  I actually enjoy doing business with USAA.... EVERY TIME.
1	Whatever you do , do not use the roadside assistance, they contract with a company called Agero and my husband was on the side of the road for 7 hours in 105degree heat waiting for a tow truck .Every time we called they said the trucks on the way. We have been members for over 25 years and have at least eight different products through USAA. I guess you get what you pay for, since its free, that's what you get very bad service. The day after that happened we went to AAA and got membership, I know it would only take 30 minutes or less for tow with them!!!! Hope no one else goes thru what we did.
5	Went in for my interview today and was just amazed at how huge this campus is. They have security posted at the entrance to the compound and security inside the building, it's almost like a military post. You have to swipe a card to get through the door. They have a Starbucks and a sandwich shop, a cafeteria and a little shop with clothing and other things. The manager told me you can swipe your card at the register at any of the shops and it will directly take it out of your check. They also have a gym, a quiet room, a game room, physical therapist, nurse... It was amazing, really hope I get this job (fingers crossed).
5	Veteran from 1989 and finally switched ALL my banking over to USAA.. I should have done this when I first learned about USAA... Member now for about 4 years, great customer service, and all their apps work great, !!!
