5	Hong Kong station brings Hong Kong to Madison! This place opened on February 28th, and I popped in on its first business day for a late lunch. There were owner's friends and kids running around in the restaurant. We received a big welcome as we were the very first patrons of their business. From the outside, it still says Vientiane Palace, and you have to look close to notice that Hong Kong Station is open. They need to fix that as soon as possible. The inside decor is very interesting, full of posters of beer brands, Budweiser, Leinie's, Miller Lite, Corona, not your typical setting for a Chinese restaurant. It is still slightly a hole in the wall kind of place, but you could see the owner made effort to make the dining environment more enjoyable. A big section of their menu is "cart noodles"--the type of noodles sold from street carts in Hong Kong, therefore the name. This is "make your own noodle bowl" fun time. You'll need to choose 1) a soup base (clear soup, beef, or "pungent and spicy") 2) your favorite noodle out of 9 choices 3) toppings: from vegetables, meat, to more exotic items like pig blood, pig skin, pig intestine, and chicken claws. 1 & 2 costs $4, and each topping is $1. I consider this price very good deal. The rest of lunch menu (11a-5p) offer some very authentic HK style appetizers, rices, noodles, and congee. You won't be wrong ordering from this section. In the dinner menu section (offer full day), there are some bigger Cantonese entree dishes. A BIG plus for Hong Kong station is that they offer real Siu mei/Shaola (See wikipedia if you don't know about this). You'll see roasted chickens, ducks, and pork hung in front of their kitchen. It might be a bit confusing to make Siu mei orders. You can choose one kind of meat to go with a plate of rice, or simply ask the restaurant to slice certain amount for you. In our lunch, we tried beef cart noodle ($6), wonton noodle ($6.75), and squid balls in curry sauce ($1.75). Everything was very delicious. I felt like I were in Hong Kong. I have been a fan to wontons at Wah Kee noodle, but I think what I got at Hong Kong Station was even better. The service was fast and friendly. They take credit card. The staff do not speak the best English, so make sure you communicate patiently. Don't expect some fancy food from this modest place. It offers affordable, tasty, and authentic HK food. If you are not familiar with Hong Kong style eateries, it might take some time for you to navigate the menu and take bold food adventures. But trust me, this place should not let you down. P.S. compare with other Chinese places nearby, HKS just makes much better food with lower prices than Nam's noodle. And just don't go to Ichiban or Oriental House for rice and noodle. These two places are good for regular entrees, noodles definitely belong to HKS.
4	I am a devout Pastafarian. I truly believe that noodles are a gift from the FSM 'on-high'. As such, my spiritually-necessary need for noodle never diminishes and keeps me alert to any new places that might serve His Noodly Appendage. Thanks to the sharp eyes of John Chung-En L., I was alerted to this new place on Regent.His excellent review pretty much sums up the details. I was getting take out so I didn't get a soup but I did order a pork with fun noodle off the lunch menu and it was pretty dang tasty. A huge serving of fun noodles with moist pork and vegetables. Just about perfect. It could easy feed two for lunch. Maybe they should consider smaller portion for closer to $6 for the lunch menu?Good stuff, check it out.
4	I am always excited to hear about new authentic Chinese restaurants in Mad Town. This did not disappoint. I ordered the Cantonese egg noodles in a spicy broth with streaky pork and wontons. The obvious comparison is Wah Kee Noodle, also on my favorite list.  The noodles are equally good, though I didn't like the broth quite as much as what I've had at WKN. The pork was tasty, but my dining partner had beef--it was better. The wontons were quite different from WKN, but both are delectable. And awesomely delicious chili sauce is present on every table in delightful little tins (you have to ask for it at WKN, but whatevs). I loved the atmosphere of Hong Kong Station, from the tin bar signs and classic movie memorabilia to the ducks hanging in the deli case.  Two thumbs way up. I'll be back.
4	Two Words... Noodle Bowls.Located on Regent, finally with signs that let you know they exist- HongKong Station is relatively new to the Madison dining scene. When I stopped by on yet another cold day with three friends, a big group of Asian students took up half of the tiny restaurant. Which makes me think this place is quite authentic, the hanging roast ducks are a give away to. But I digress..  Greeted promptly by a friendly older lady, who asked us what we wanted to drink.  Drinks arrived. Everyone in our group decided to go with the noodle bowls of varying spice level. These bowls of hot noodles did not disappoint. I myself  went for medium spicy with pork, beef balls, shrimp wontons, mushrooms and radish.  It was quite yummy, and huge (yay leftovers)! Great value. I also tired a BBQ chicken stick, and a veg spring roll. The bbq chicken stick was well spiced, and  tender. The veg roll disappointed a bit. The service was friendly with some communication errors. While there was a younger girl who seemed more fluent in English, the older lady who was our primary server seemed not as fluent. Luckily we did have someone that spoke mandarin. But if you do not have someone who speaks Mandarin, there will be a lot pointing at the menu to figure things out. But that is all worth it for the food :-) Next time I might try some of the hanging roast duck.
4	This place is souuuuper fantastic.  From the tight, homey seating to the menu (which has more Chinese text by area than English) and to the food, this is a welcome addition to Regent Street, where we already have the some of the best coffee (Indie), bar (Jordan's), pizza (Greenbush Bar), and doughnuts (Greenbush Bakery).The exterior sign has been changed since John came last, the exterior looks very clean and open.  We went for dinner and we got the beef in black bean sauce and the pork and eggplant dish.  Both were extremely tasty; the pork and eggplant was served in a small metal pot that kept the food deliriously hot throughout the meal.  Just the right amount of spicy (medium hot) without killing off the other vegetables added to the meal.  Ginger abounds here, and it is a winner.Next time we definitely have to try some soup/noodles.  They have many bowls in the front case of noodles, and from our experience with their non-noodley foods, it can only go up from here.  You must go here!
4	I have been back to HKS since my first visit. Now I downgrade my rating to 4 rather than 5 stars. We have tried various kinds of noodle and rice--the food is consistently delicious. The problem is HKS's service. We waited more than 30 minutes for our meals during busy hours on a Saturday. I in general support family-run small businesses, but they seriously need to improve the overall coordination of the restaurant. It's a mess. I also witnessed many communication failures as the servers do not speak perfect English. Be patient, and you will get good food later.
4	They have their new sign up so don't say you can't find it.Ask my Spousal Unit and she'll tell you that all Bob S. ever really wants to find is a noodle shop that serves big bowls of noodles with all sorts of goodies on them. I'm still working my way through their several noodle types and additions, searching for that transcendental bowl of noodle-ness. I ordered a spicy broth, egg noodle, baby bok-choy with beef. The broth wasn't very spicy but there are 'Scoville' additives available on the table for cranking up the heat. A tasty bowl but, I'll keep working it. Service is variable, language confusion happens but, hey, it's a new place, I'll give them some time to work out the kinks. In the meantime, find me slurping noodles at HKS.
5	Delicious!
2	Shoulda stuck with the noodles. When the noodle section takes up a third of the menu, you go with the noodles. Went for dinner last night and wasnt too impressed. I was a bit disappointed that the roasted pork wasn't on the dinner menu so I had no idea how to order it. Instead, I got the crispy pork intestines and my girlfriend got the stir fry tenderloin. The intestine was crispy on the outside and tender but chewy on the inside. While it had texture, it lacked flavor all around, so it ended up being a bland treat.The tenderloin wasn't any better. It was grilled beef stirred up in tangy BBQ sauce and onions.Their small menu is seriously made for noodles and the dishes felt tacked on, so go for the noodles, it looks like they know what they're doing with that.Service was alright, doing what they needed to do with water and food. You find your own seat and go up to pay so don't sit around waiting for your check like I did. I will try again sometime and not ignore the noodle soup section.
3	I was so excited when a friend of mine suggested this place for our lunch gathering after hearing rave reviews about the place. It is indeed exciting that there is going to be authentic hong kong food (think roast meat and the likes) along regent, adding and complimenting the wide array of food choices around the area. As we had a group of four, a lot of dishes were ordered and I tried all of them. So there are a lot to offer. Let's start with the good: The create-your-own noodles was fantastic. You select a type of noodle from their wide variety, including hong kong style thin or thick noodles, japanese udon, shanghai noodles, mi fen, thin rice noodles, and even pho noodles. Next, you select a broth, they offer beef broth, pork broth and spicy broth. Finally you add your choice(s) of ingredients to your creation. Here you can be as cautious or adventurous as you want, think green vegetables to pork intestines and stomach. This is the best part, the noodles are relatively cheap, almost certainly less than $10 with a decently huge portion unless you choose to add a tonne of stuff to it. If you crave for more carbohydrates, extra noodles is only a dollar more. I tried both the pork broth and the beef broth noodles and they were light and not too salty. Their wonton and chicken wings make great addition to the noodles. I also tried the congee ordered by my friend. The texture of the congee is smooth and flavorful, but serving is small. There are places in Madison where you get similarly great congee but double the serving at the same price (or super close). Another dish we tried was the yang chow fried rice. That was oily and fills you up fast because of that reason.I was also excited by their roasted meat series. Tried the 'double combo', consisting of char siew (BBQ pork) and crispy roasted pork. The char siew is decent, just enough flavor to keep it one of the best traditional classic hong kong dishes. But the roasted pork was way too salty. The skin was salty, the bottom part (where they applied a layer of spices etc to it) was also salty. Wouldn't recommend that unless you love drenching your food in salt. Service was meh, you almost always had to call for someone if you needed something. And like a couple of reviews pointed out, having someone in your party who speaks mandarin will be an added bonus to your overall experience. I would probably not be a regular here, but their noodles are worth a subsequent visit for.
4	Love this place.The food is awesome. My boyfriend is Cantonese and he said the food is authentic.  We go there weekly. Only flaw is the service. Da waitresses don't know how to wait tables.
5	Great food with good price. Have been there at least twice a month since their opening. For sure to visit more later.
4	Yummy food- I recommend hanging duck and bbq pork- the crispy pork on appetizer menu is great- liver/kidney skewers were a little dry.  fav dish was this thing called tofu and eight treasures- comes in hot pot- super flavorful.  eggplant with minced pork is also good.  this is the only place i know of in Madison that has steamed chicken, duck, and bbq as meals.  surprisingly yummy. small space but lots of intl asian folks there so that's a good sign.
3	a great destination for honey bbq pork (char sui style), bbq roasted duck, and other comfort Chinese food.  the broth of their soups the day that I ate there was very watered down so i'm on team bbq for now. they sort of ixed nay on the service vay.  find a more efficient way of serving lunch - i could have easily chopped my own duck and served my own rice in a fraction of the time.  yes, i'm writing this review because i totally want you guys to stay in business.  either become an order at the counter self-service place or go all in with better table service. there is no middle ground here. dam that pork was hella good.
5	I had dinner there last night. I ordered a duck and rice noodle dish. It had such a good flavor. My sister had an egg noodle soup. She asked for mild and it was quite spicy but really good. Don't expect five star service but everything looked clean and you were able to pay with credit. I would recommend and I will go back. Oh and prices were pretty decent too.
5	I went with my friends last night .it was wonderful. They have a really good barbecue pork .they have a good service provider. And I love the noodles .also i know they make the noodles everyday.it was my first time and I would come back next time
4	Hong Kong Station is 3 for 3 with me for lunch.  I can only comment on the soup and the bao, which are both great.  The "spicy" broth will get your lips stinging-- great stuff.  Tends to fill up at lunch during the week, communication can be a challenge, and if its cold outside its cold inside-- but all worth it!
4	This restaurant had been on my radar ever since I got back to Madison for the summer, and I'm so glad I got to try it before I left! It was definitely refreshing to see such an authentic Chinese restaurant pop up downtown, and I'm sad that I won't be around to see how the business continues to grow.I ordered the BBQ pork (cha siu) rice bowl, which came with a side of boiled bok choy. It definitely satisfied a craving I'd had all summer for traditional Chinese cuisine!! Although the best part of the rice bowl was definitely the sauce that was drizzled over the BBQ pork and the rice, I enjoyed how everything went together.They also have a variety of 'street food' style appetizer items, such as congee, BBQ pork/beef/chicken on a stick, and Chinese doughnut. Hong Kong Station is definitely one of the better Chinese restaurants in the area, although I do believe that they could use a few big improvements: 1) complimentary hot tea, which is pretty commonplace at any decent Chinese restaurant; 2) servers/hostesses who can speak better english - way too much got lost in translation when we were ordering our meal, I was almost afraid that our orders were going to come out all wrong - this was particularly important to me because we had one vegetarian dining companion; 3) ix-nay on the gaudy decor - I get that they are going for a 'hole-in-the-wall'/'dive-y' type of appeal, but it just made the place look cramped. With these changes, it is easy to see HK station becoming a Madison favorite! :)
