4	I had to come here to get some shipping supplies to send out some scrapbooking stuff I had made for a friend of mine.  I had found this location via the website of kinkos, and lucky me, its right in my part of the neighborhood!I believe that this location is 24 hours.  They do Fedex stuff, and carry some supplies for your shipping needs, along with copy stuff for anything you may need done.The service here was great.  I had talked to a gentleman at the counter, and told him what size shipping envelope I had needed.  He walked me over to the shipping area, and said that I could find what I needed here.  When I was done, I paid for the item at the counter, which was reasonably priced and saved me a trip to Walmart for the same thing.  He was also nice enough to give me a Fedex envelope to use in the envelope to prevent the pages from getting bent up in shipping.I have not made copies or done shipping from this location, only shopped here for supplies and spoke with the associates for assistance.  They do seem to have ample stock in standard supplies, and plenty of copiers for anyones needs.  Plus, the staff here was pleasant and helpful, which is a bonus for me.
4	Plenty of supplies, many people were available to assist.  Overly friendly atmosphere.
1	Worst printing service I ever had. The employee raped my friend's bank accounts by misquoting them and giving them zero options. We are design students at asu and were very dissatisfied with the overall experience that was offered. I will never bring my business to this location or any other fedex office or junkie locations again.
3	Open 24 hours, great place to go for those last minute projects.
5	They did a good job with a passport pic that we needed asap. Best part, you don't have to wait for the picture. They give it to you in a few minutes.
1	There were 2 associates working tonight and a line of 4-5 people.  One associate was assisting a customer with a ridiculous amount of chit chat.  At one point I thought I overheard them talking about cats and flags.  Although I do appreciate her assisting someone else, she also began to write down step by step on a piece of paper on how to do something in Photoshop, really?  What happen to Google or even typing this information out to make things move along faster?  She literally stood there for 10 mins writing instructions on a piece of paper!  The other associate finished assisting one customer and completely ignored the line, she stayed in her corner with her shipping boxes, I understand the importance of putting these boxes in order so they can be mailed out TOMORROW, but ignoring the line in front of you and NOT even greeting anyone is ridiculous to me.  What happen to good old customer service with a smile?  These two associates were rude, slow, and ignored the line of customers in front of them.  I waited almost 20 minutes to print out my sheets!  I tried using their self service printing machine and the usb port was not working.  Never coming here again, overall horrid experience!
