5	Havana Cigars not only sports the largest walk-in humidor in Arizona, the store itself is a great place to hang out and enjoy a fine cigar. With the free WiFi they offer, I call this place my office away from the office. The owner is super friendly and is great about throwing events that draw in the local crowd of cigar connoisseurs.Unless I'm out of town, Havana Cigars it is the only place I'll go to buy fine cigars.
5	My husband and I met with two other couples and we loved it.  The owner was very informative and made us feel very welcome.  Good background music, comfortable seating, nice selection of wines.  We'll be back.
5	They now serve beer and wine!!! Also the front lounge is extended. Super chill spot to get a cold one along with a good cigar. Never super crowed ideal for getting some work done away from home. Wish i have something like this in Philadelphia!
5	Great selections of cigars and the owner puts on wonderful tastings and events
1	Walking into this place is like walking into a car dealership! They hit you right at the door trying to sell you something.  Not a very relaxing start to my visit.  The owner is pompous!  Wow this place has a class seperation between non member and members yikes.  They call the front a lounge? Since when do you lounge on dinner table chairs.  Cigars are mediocre at best. Big disapointment!  The parking is terrible one way in and one way out.
5	One of the best cigar shops in town.  The staff are very friendly and helpful, whether you are new to cigars or a long-time smoker.  The humidor is HUGE and their selection is great.  I really enjoy coming in, picking out my favorite smoke (or finding a new one) and sitting in one of the leather chairs and just relaxing.  The clientele are also very friendly and varied in backgrounds, and I've made many new friends just hanging out.
1	Large humidor but the few times I've been here half the boxes are empty. If you are a Rocky Patel fan then you'll enjoy the selection. If you aren't a RP fan, like myself, it's slim picking. The prices are a little higher than I'm used too. I guess being the only shop in Anthem means you can charge a little more. When I was in the humidor the guy working kept coming inside and moving things around. Since I've been out of the humidor and smoking, he hasn't gone into the humidor. Best way to make me never come back is to follow me around assuming I'm going to steal something. Tattoos and gauges doesn't equal thief.Plus side is they have bottled beer and wine. All in all, when I come to Anthem every Tuesday I'll just bring a cigar I bought elsewhere and smoke outside.
5	Great get-away in Anthem. Like a "gentleman's club for all". Nice bar and good people.
