4	Oh me, oh my!  This pizza is good!  Really good and expensive!  Price wise they are up there with the likes of Anna's.  However, I think you do get more food for the money here.  Customer service is good too, unlike the zombie employees at Pizza Hut, Domino's, Caesars etc.  During the Flags of Freedom parade they had a vehicle that drove by as some of the employees handed out free stuff, and the lady driving yells to me "we really are the best pizza in town!"  I don't think she was lying.  While Anna's rocks my world, Day One has more options AND they take a debit card.  I'm thinking these things give them the edge.
3	It's decent pizza, but it's a little more expensive than your average pie place. They're serving stuff that's a step or two better than Little Caesar's and charging four times the price.   Service is solid.  Atmophere is nice.
4	Really friendly owner - who is rather visible in the Sun Prairie community - and I love their garlic chicken alfredo pizza that is on special on Fridays.  The name has to do with "Day One" being a post-Y2K named theme for their restaurant. Think global, buy pizza local.
3	We ordered from Day One Pizza during a football game. We got a Columbus salad, Chicken Wings, and a Buffalo Chicken Pizza. All of the food was good, not great. We have no complaints, but weren't blown away.We were also bummed that they don't have buffalo wings, only honey glazed bbq wings that were a little too sweet for our taste. The BBQ chicken pizza was pretty good, but I don't know if it was worth the price.Sun Prairie has better pizza places.
3	A while ago I saw a coupon in the local paper for $5 off any size mac-n-cheese pizza at Day One. I like this sort of pizza (I also like circus peanuts, go ahead and judge). I called ahead for pickup. It was really loud and busy on the other end, so I sort of wondered how chaotic it would be when I went to get my food. Turns out, it was completely uneventful. There was a handful of girls having a birthday party or something and a bunch of employees tucked around a corner. I got my pizza right away, the coupon worked fine (you never know), and was out of there inside of five minutes. The pizza was good. I got the thicker crust which still isn't strong enough to hold up a LOT of macaroni and cheese. It was filling: my 11-year-old (an eating machine on weekends) only managed two slices. It was definitely better than Pizza Pit but without the coupon would've been a little steep. It's a local chain, though, which is a good thing.
4	We have ordered Day One Pizza a lot we usually just pick it up and take it home to eat. It's really good pizza but it's pretty pricey. When my husband went to pick up the pizza last night the workers we're sitting on the table playing cards lol, not to sure about that! They are all very nice there though and like I said pizza is good!
5	We love Day One!   The pizza is 100% fresh, toppings are plentiful, and the service is very friendly.Day One works VERY hard to accommodate diners with food allergies.  Once you  mention an allergy, they immediately call on a manager to handle your order.  They will clean (although they already look very clean) your table and chairs to avoid any residue that might cause an allergic reaction.  They provide gluten free pizza crusts, too.The Day One owners are very supportive of the community.  This store isn't a franchise or a chain -- it is owner-operated, and it shows in their pride in their product.Yes, you can buy cheaper pizza, but with Day One you get what you pay for.
2	I don't get it. This is just average at best pizza. The ingredients are typical, nothing spectacular, and it's pretty pricey. I have witnessed the owner getting quite frustrated with his staff in front of customers, and that was a major turn off. Quite obnoxious actually. The place is clean, but kind of meh. For the price, I would look elsewhere.
1	Don't like when I call a place 5 times during their posted hours of operation.  For this I will now only call places that are interested in answering my call and wanting my business.
4	This is an amazing pizza place. Living in the Sun Prairie area, we order from there ALL the time (so much so that several employees know my kids' names and ages, and always ask after them, ha!) Granted, it's not some artsy, fancy pizza like Grampa's Pizza in Madison (which I also love!); Day One is just your typical cheese, pepperoni, sausage place. But it is SO good! Ingredients are always fresh, employees are friendly, store is immaculate, and it's reasonably priced. We usually order a regular crust pizza, half cheese, half sausage, which sounds probably kind of plain, but it's our typical Friday night meal; so good!My only complaint about them (hint, hint, if any managers are reading!) is that unlike other pizza places, they don't have a system where you just give your phone number and they pull up all your information. So every single time, I have to give our address, spell out our last name, etc. It'd be so much easier if I could just say, "yes, my phone number is 555-555-5555" and have them pull up all the info. But, that's a minor complaint and obviously doesn't deter me from ordering from them quite often.
