5	i loved everyone here.  the staff is great and Dr. Roth is super friendly.
5	Dr. Roth is very personable!  I went to him for Latisse. He was so thorough in answering any questions I had about other things like injectables. I will definitely be back if I need any more intensive procedures!
5	I cant say enough about Dr. Roth. I bought myself 2 new additions for my 40th bday and they turned out AMAZING!! Dr. Roth lifted and and enhanced my chest.. He was so amazing to work with and truly showed how much he cares for his patients. The follow up was awesome and 2 years later I still look pretty darn good.. I have referred 3 friends who are all just as happy as I am. Dr. Roth is the only one I would trust for my future cosmetic "enhancements"
5	Dr. Roth is an amazing doctor and never forgets to check up on you. His caring bedside manner and super skil set make him the best Las Vegas pick for any choice of a long list of procedures you may need or choose.Call him you will not be sorry!
5	I can't thank Dr. Roth and his fantastic staff enough! After visiting 5 different doctors I knew Dr. Roth was going to be my choice. My surgery went well and Dr. Roth made me feel like I was his only patient. First few days I was in a lot of discomfort and it was comforting to know that Dr. Roth was only a phone call away. Stacy and Lisa were amazing with answering all my questions and concerns before and after my surgery. If I could give this place 10 starts I would without hesitation. Best experience I have had with a doctor.
5	I can't thank Dr. Roth and his fantastic staff enough! After visiting 5 different doctors I knew Dr. Roth was going to be my choice. My surgery went well and Dr. Roth made me feel like I was his only patient. First few days I was in a lot of discomfort and it was comforting to know that Dr. Roth was only a phone call away. Stacy and Lisa were amazing with answering all my questions and concerns before and after my surgery. If I could give this place 10 starts I would without hesitation. Best experience I have had with a doctor.
5	Dr. Roth is great! He's very patient and will spend as much time as needed with you answering every single question. And you're always welcome to come in for as many follow-up appointments as you want. And you're always welcome to call or email with any and every question. Which is all pretty awesome and a rare find in a doc.Unlike some other plastic surgeons, Dr. Roth doesn't push other surgeries or procedures on you. He is thorough in reviewing the change you're after and what he can do to achieve that.I went to him for a rhinoplasty and chin liposuction. He did a wonderful job on both. The results were subtle and not obvious. I had zero bruising. And the incisions left no visible scars. And the aftercare was amazing. Again, Dr. Roth is so patient and kind. (For the purposes of getting an idea of general cost, both procedures were about $9,000.)I also saw Dr. Roth for a breast augmentation consult. He did the consult entirely himself. He was the only plastic surgeon I saw who also looked at my back (because of the impact the back and posture has on the chest). After a quick visual exam, he explained the procedure and answered my questions. No sizing or anything was done as part of the consult. (For the purposes of getting an idea of cost, which, of course, will vary for a variety of reasons, the price quote for the procedure was $6,000.)All in all, I would definitely recommend Dr. Roth. He's easily one of the kindest and most patient doctors I've ever encountered.
