5	It's one of the best clinic I've ever been to. There's very little wait time and everyone is very friendly. I always feel comfortable going into the office. I've seen all the doctors, my favorite two are Dr. Bell and NP Kim Roberts, they really take the time to see me and encourage me to ask any questions. My least favorite Is Dr. James J, he's nice but seem a little impersonal. But I heard from some of the other ladies that when it comes time to deliver your baby he's very good. It doesn't matter to me if he looks like a villain from a Bond movie, as long as he doesn't go " muah hahahaha.... " at the end of the delivery I feel safe in his hands.
5	This is such a wonderful place that it is hard to describe it in words!! After having a beyond awful experience at another office, the West Valley Women's Care accepted me into their care with open arms, and took care of getting my records from the previous place so I would not have to deal with the aggravation.During pregnancy with my daughter, the environment the West Vally Women's Care provided was beyond helpful and comforting! All the doctor's are amazing and really take the time to know their patients. They made me feel completely comfortable during the duration of my pregnancy and still continue to answer any questions I have.I have and will continue to recommend this office to many others. This place is Wonderful!
5	Very Impressed with this office.  My initial visit was extremely informative, warm and welcoming. I am 13 weeks pregnant, and changed to this practice. My first OB didnt cover any of the details this practice does.  Being this was my 1st appointment here, I first met with the nurse who went over my history, and 'calendar' of what to expect throughout the pregnancy. She also gave me a bag full of goodies which includes a month by month guide book, magazines, a babies r us catalog and numerous pamphlets. Very nice. After meeting with her, I met with the dr, Dr Harmon. He was very personable, and actually took the time to listen and talk with me as well.
5	"I had a pleasant experience at the gyno today" said no one ever. Although not always the most comfortable or easy appointment to go to this office made it way bearable. You fill out all your info online before you go, which is pretty cool. I was shocked to be taken at almost the exact time of the appointment and even more taken aback that the doctor actually had a face to face conversation with me before I even had to get undressed. Then instead of a flimsy paper cover and robe they give you cloth ones. The staff is very friendly and the doctor was knowledgeable and easy to talk to. I highly recommend this office and Dr. Phil Harmon.
5	I have been with coming to this practice for about four years, and it's an efficiently run and friendly, welcoming office. I had my son last summer, and due to high blood pressure, had to come in once a week for non-stress tests (thanks Jayme, Ellen and Michelle!), and the staff is just top notch. I have always been treated with respect, and never rushed out of the office; I have always been seen on time. Doctor Johnson is my primary doc, and he has always been respectful, attentive and I appreciate his calm nature - especially during delivery. The other doctors I have see - Harmon, DiLeo and Fernandez, are wonderful, and NP Kim is fabulous as well.
3	The staff here is amazing. The biggest complaint I have is the waiting. They have a sign in their office that says "any patients who are late will be rescheduled."  So I am always early. That being said I always have to wait. And I see people walk in, check in and sit for two min then walk back. Really not ok for those of us who respect you and get there on time and early.
5	I absolutely have nothing but good things to say about this office. I was seen on time and out of the office within a half an hour. The waiting room was full as well which was surprising. Dr Gema Fernandez by far exceeds my high expectations for physicians (I'm a nurse...shhhh don't tell anyone). She is very attentive, compassionate and has a genuine interest in your over all well being. The office staff is very friendly (which is rare nowadays). Well women exams are never anything I look forward to however this office makes the whole process as painless as possible.
5	Love this office! Love the staff! Never had a bad experience here and would highly recommend them! I have never had to wait a long time for my appointment. Dr. Di Leo and Dr. G are both phenomenal! My only complaint would be the soft leather chairs. They are hard to get out of when you're closer to your due date!
5	I have to say this office was the easiest and most friendly group of people. I have insurance through work and their extended network for out of state subscribers is the worse not only that but you can never get the right benefits information when you call the insurance company which makes it a complete hassle trying to get your claims covered. That being said this office completely helped me EVERY step of the way which with this insurance company is quite a bit. They even made sure that I had all the information needed and worked to get everything covered. Compared to any other doctors office I have ever used they went above and beyond! Cathy was truly amazing!On top of that the Doctor himself was nice and polite and the nursing staff was fantastic as well. Both times so far the wait was minimal and they made sure to address any concerns that I had. I usually go to a general family practice for my yearly "fun" women exams but after the good experiences at this office I will be coming here from now on.
5	I love this place, the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable! They are always respectful of your time, the office is always clean, I feel very safe and at home here.
5	I've been coming here since about 2007. Kim Roberts is amazing, compassionate, and loving. She's always gone out of her way to be kind, caring, and concerned about my healthcare needs. I find great comfort in coming to this office knowing the personal level of attention I will receive in addition to the strong medical advice. Because I've been a patient for so long, Kim knows my history well, and shows deep concern for my personal needs. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!Allison in the office is super sweet as well. It must be a good place to work and seek medical advice. Most of the office staff has remained the same.
5	Best medical experience I've ever had.  I love this office and I've had two wonderful doctors here.  When my first doctor moved on to a position at a hospital I was so sad to lose my favorite doctor.  Then I started seeing Dr. Fernandez and she is equally wonderful!  I wish I had a primary physician that was even half as good!
