4	Just got back home from getting my 30k service on my car here. My third or fourth time going here. The past couple were for my oil changes. The guys seem honest to me and they are very friendly. It cost a little less than what I had originally expected thanks to a sale they had going on and a LOT less than taking to the dealership. Would definitely recommend this place and will continue to go there for my service. FYI - they had oil change on sale for 9.99 Can't beat that!
1	Shady. Shady. Shady.  Went to get my smog inspection first thing asked to pop the hood while still in the parking lot.  Told I have to do all these repairs in order to pass inspection.  Right.  Drove to other inspector's and passed with flying colors.  I maintain my '02 Mercedes C240 diligently so I know there's no engine repairs needed.  Reminded me of the days back in NY where there are no inspection stations and you have to bring your car in to a shop for the day, where they ALWAYS find something wrong with your car before passing the emissions test.  BOOOOOOO!!!
4	Did my oil change for $10 today (incl. oil and filter).  My total bill was $12 ($2 hazardous waste fee).  Fast service and nice people working there. Smog test incl. certificate is also $10.  Will definitely come back for another oil change and future smog test.
3	Cant beat a $10 smog check. They try to hit you up for more "services" but you can always just say no.
1	Our family has been bringing our cars into this place for years, we always felt like they did a good, honest job. Lately they have really tired to screwed me over. About 6 months ago my car would shake at high speeds so I brought it into them and they told me I needed new struts for $950. Luckily my new boss used to be a mechanic, he took a look and said there was no way my fairly new Toyota would need struts this soon and that all I needed was new tires and to have them balanced and rotated. I took my car in to another shop and that is exactly what they recommended and said my struts were fine, saved me $550. Then a couple weeks ago I went to get an oil change from Purrfect Auto (I figured there wouldn't be any issues from just getting an oil change) and they had written on my invoice 'Needs new oil gasket $450', but they did not tell me this, it was only written on my invoice. I was already home when I noticed this on the invoice but didn't call to ask, I just figured they were trying to sell me on some new parts. So come yesterday my car is leaking oil, my car has never leaked oil. I had my boss look at my car again. He lifted it up at his house and we saw that it was the way the guys at Purrfect Auto did my oil change, the oil pan was cracked and they used tape to tape up the hole!!! And the oil gasket was fine. I'm having someone else fix the oil pan for $50. I am never going there again and have already told all of my family members who have went there to never go there again. My mom was actually on her way to get an oil change from there today and she went somewhere else.
5	Needed a smog check and saw them off 215/tropicana while driving. No appointment necessary AND it was done in less than 15 minutes! Only $15.... And all this time I was going to Jiffy for $20+. No coupon needed here! :)
1	I never go to a business without checking the yelp reviews. This was the highest reviewed auto service joint around my area so i came here when my a/c crapped out. Was told I had to pay a $45 a/c check to see what the problem was... paid the 45$ no problem, and of course... the labor for that time as well. They came back and said that my ports needed to be changed. At 18$ per port I was fine with that as well. Apparently there was a leak that needed to be fixed and they'd fill it again no problem... with a charge.... somehow, after the 45$ a/c test and the 2 $18 ports ... SOMEHOW with labor it came to $260... which I mauled over for an hour whether i wanted them to go through with it or not... I decided i was already in this deep so i might as well get it all fixed.... my a/c worked for a week then randomly stopped again one morning. went back in bc of the 10 year warranty... apparently there was some other leak they hadn't 'NOTICED' before... and refuse to give me any compensation or refund or anything without paying more. THIS PLACE SUCKS. they told me they 'overlooked' this leak of mine, so basically i gave them $260 for a weeks worth of A/C.
1	I needed an oil change on my car I so lovingly named Carl yesterday. I saw a sign advertising a 9.99 oil change so I thought oh why not..Kind of hard to mess up something so simple right? Umm sooo wrong! Not only does my car now shake while I drive it I had to take it back because they didn't reset my change oil light. Trip back to purrfect auto #1(same day) Change oil light is still on so a mechanic comes out and tries to reset it for about 5 minutes with no luck so he says' well I don't know how to reset it' and walks away. Well ok I Google it and a friend that was with me was able to do it in 30 seconds how ridiculous!! Trip back #2 (still the same day...) I'm driving down the street and hear a strange noise what could it be you ask?? Well my hub cap cover and a lug nut of course!! So I take it back and inform them what happened...Any apology or acknowledgment of fault Hahaha Hell no!! They looked at me like I was crazy! I'm too afraid to take it back for the shaking it is now doing! So all in all this was the absolute WORST experience I have EVER had with an auto shop and I will NEVER return and since I work across the street and customers ask me all the time about them I will tell my story and steer everyone far far away from this awful place!!
4	I was worried that the Purrfect Auto shop by me had closed down and was happy to find that they moved to this location instead.  Same management, just moved to this bigger location.  I went in for smog check and it went very smoothly.  I was in and out in about 20 mins.  There were other people there waiting for their cars, but I didn't have to wait for my smog check.  They were very efficient and also did a quick inspection of my vehicle for any maintenance issues.  I will be back for an $9.99 oil change later.
1	Took  my car in for some maintenance issues. Chris quoted me $450.00 for the repairs. Parts & labor.Went home and did a little research. Ended up repairing it myself in about 20 minutes for $130 in parts. Doing a little math here, that puts the shop labor rate at $960 per hour.There's a big difference between running a legit profitable business and fucking your customers.
5	just got in from having my $10(!) smog test done here ...it's pretty clear to me that they run a $9.99 smog as a super-cheapie (if not loss leader) so they can check out your vehicle and find stuff wrong where they can actually make some real money.i took the immaculately well-maintained continual car in (google it if you're curious) ... they IMMEDIATELY did the test (passed) and they did a very extensive once over."your car looks great!  the fluids are right.  the brakes are good.  it's in great shape."which is completely right.  the staff was friendly, helpful and super-courteous ... even though i came stumbling in looking like i'd had a long friday night bender (which i had).
1	Purrfect Auto Repair 118 in Las Vegas, NV 89147 - is not qualified to do any major repairs - the only thing they should do is just simple oil change. I had this establishment repair a power steering pressure line. My car was not making any unusual noise before the repair was done. After the repair - my car was making a loud noise like a motorcycle taking off - the manager advised me this was normal and all cars make this noise - he refused to refund my money for the botched repair job.
1	Worst place to take your car. They wanted to replace my whole clutch for over $800 because my car wouldn't start. I took my car to another car place and they said all it needed was a plastic plug behind the clutch for 96 bucks. These idiots don't know what they're talking about and they just try to rip you off. Wouldn't take my car here if it was the last auto repair shop on earth.
1	Ripoff. I went for smog check; I knew my van wouldn't pass inspection because the engine light was on. Let them run diagnostic for $50 to get an estimate for repair. They said $1658 to replace a lower intake manifold, including $1047 just for the basic part plus another $157 for the related parts (gaskets). This is not a typo. I price-checked the part on autozone's website: $430 for a complete set. This place does smog checks for $10 so that's fine, but do NOT have them do any repair work unless you feel like setting your money on fire.
1	I came in here for the ten dollar smog check and the cheap oil change, but I was really upset when they called me with a lie- saying I needed a lower ball joint! My boyfriend works on cars and he is very familiar with this place. He warned me that they would create something wrong with my car and they did. Had I not known better I would have been out of almost $400.00! There was a guy in there who got ripped off from them twice and he was pissed!! He spent quite a bit- that the cashier claimed to have given him a 300.00 discount- how nice of them to discount work that he didn't need! They also tried to sell me some inflated tires at over 600.00! They have a lot of nerve!!!! Be warned!!!
1	Horrible service . Went in for a smog & waited 1 hour . A lady came in while I was waiting, knew someone that worked there, left within 10 mins after that with her smog done . I then asked how much longer & still had to wait another 15 mins . Very upset about the wait for a smog .
1	The bait is $10 oil change..after that you will be called for other problem (Sure thing it is their time to up sell cross sell...). Be prepared to say no and look for a second opinion from other places. I found O big tires even has better/more reliable service. It is PURRFECT if you only stick to the $10 coupon. No more.
1	Purrfect NIGHTMARE! They are either blithering morons or criminals.  Took my car there for a leaky gasket... $1200 later my car is still leaking (shame on me)
4	We get our cars oil serviced here. They have a fair price and get the job done quickly without any problems. I have a 2010 Mazda 3 and they did my brakes very well. I've had no issues. I definitely plan on going back soon for my 50,000 mile service.
5	Best prices and superb service. Got my oil changed in 15 min!!! Most trustworthy shop.
4	I got a smog check here for a deal of $9.99, and didn't realize they could do my 90k service here. $100 out the door. My car feels good and the customer service was superb. The girl at the front desk was really outgoing and is super knowledgeable about cars. The guy who told me about my 90k service was really nice about it too and didn't seem sketchy. He gave me the opportunity to call my dad and ask if I should get it there or not. Had a great deal and service from them that day, so they deserve 4 stars. I'll update my review if anything happens or occurs with my car (knock on wood), but so far so good.
4	I got a smog check here for a deal of $9.99, and didn't realize they could do my 90k service here. $100 out the door. Not too long of a service. My car feels good and the customer service was superb. The girl at the front desk was really outgoing and is super knowledgeable about cars. The guy who told me about my 90k service was really nice about it too and didn't seem sketchy. He gave me the opportunity to call my dad and ask if I should get it there or not. Had a great deal and service from them that day, so they deserve 4 stars. I'll update my review if anything happens or occurs with my car (knock on wood), but so far so good.
5	Called the wrong place and was quoted a price to flush my radiator and they honored the price thanks to chris! Said it would be 1.5 hrs but done in 45 min. This makes me happy with all the Terible shops out here. My rover is running great after over heating. $50 fix compared to a potential $1500 fix. Thanks so much
1	Ok I Love giving 5 stars!!! But this place definitely does not deserve it!!!!I do not recommend going to this place for smog or  any vehicle repairs. Today I took my son's 1998 Honda Civic there for a smog & got rejected. We were told that we needed to drive the car around in which we did. Then we went to a nearby Purrfect Auto ( different owner different shop) after driving the car around town for a few hours, only to be told that we did not need a smog done in the first place. The state of Nevada had it shown as passed as was very confused as to why a this Purrfect Auto even did one.  But since a smog was done & showed as now a rejection with DMV we needed to get  it as passed. I did not know that this car I had just purchased showed as passed originally but if this purrfect auto tech was honest with me I could have just gone to DMV & got my son's car registration done & over with. The 2nd Purrfect Auto shop that we stopped by was very very honest with me. I called the State of Nevada DMV & spoke to a guy there who also confirmed that I did not need a smog done & that the 1st Purrfect Auto which is this one should have just told me that I did not need it. So he recommended me to file a complaint with DMV which I will be doing tomarrow. I Also called this Purrfect Auto back & spoke to the manager who was very rude & sarcastic about refunding my $9.99 back. He laughed at me about it & said it would take 24 hours to get my refund. It's clearly not about my $9.99 cause on top of paying for a 2nd smog I also tipped  its just about being Honest!!! Duh!! To end it all this Purrfect Auto I also found out by law was not suppose to charge me for a $9.99 smog if it got rejected & that they were allowed only to charge the tax of $3.99....oh & let me add that when I called I also  asked for the name of tech who performed the smog & was not given a name. Instead was told by the manager I have 3 Smog Techs here "I don't know which one did it"..... wow! Really...I will not ever go to this place again & I will be sure to spread the word to everyone.Looking foward to filing my complaint with DMV & BBB of Nevada.
5	We really like this place. We own NaturalDry Carpet Cleaning and we only take our trucks here now. After searching for a good mechanic in Las Vegas, which is very hard to find, we finally found it with Purrfect Auto. One person in particular makes our experience every time we are there: Chevy. Great guy and we are glad we found this place and won't be going anywhere else. Thank you all for your A+ service. We tell everyone about your shop when asked if we know a great mechanic.
1	Explorer was over heating,  so took it in and had few extra parts with me including a new thermostat.  Asked then to check it and replace the thermostat with the one I had.  They had me waiting for 2 hours, they ended up changing the thermostat charging me for the new one saying they forgot, asked them if they can just take the one I have which was in box with receipt,  they laughed and said they don't know where it came from and said no.  Then I paid the bill, which they charged me double the estimate work price. Apparently they charged me for a radiator flush, inspection, changing the thermostat.  THEN another charge under, an additional radiator flush and fill.  I ask the mechanic what the hell?! And he said 1 charge for what I had asked for, the thermostat change (which they had to change the radiator fluid, and ANOTHER charge for the full price of the flush and fill for the radiator!   I then asked why charge me double, he said I asked for one service (which included flush and fill) , but needed "an additional charge" for the other flush and fill because I did not specify the exact service needed.  Argued with them another mechanic and a supposed supervisor came out, all smiling and laughing at me telling me that I did not know what was needed to complete the job.  Said screw it, paid the bill as I had to go to work, saw my check engine light was now on, asked them what the hell? 3 guys came back out and they all said I didn't show them that when I first came in so who was to say it wasn't already on? All the while joking and laughing in my face.Worst scam artists ever and extremely rude and condescending while they rip off their "customers" .Will NEVER GO BACK!!!!!
5	Went in to check my smog. The service was fast and the staff was super friendly and helpful. Not my first great experience here.
5	We have been taking our NaturalDry work trucks to this shop for a little while now. We have had a great experience with Chevy and other employees here. Would highly recommend this location. We finally found mechanics that are straight up with us and take care of their customers. Thank you!
5	Amazing service! Took care of all my car's needs and even inspected additional items. Was very clear and transparent with expected charges and wait times. Best part is that everyone was so friendly! Great prices!
5	As a poor grad student finding the best deal is always a MUST. This place was the "purrfect" place for the budget I had to get my car fixed. The service was amazing, staff was friendly and they completed the work in a timely manner. I also really appreciated the fact that they were very up front with what exactly was wrong with my car and were not at all trying to persuade me into picking the more expensive route to fixing the problem with my car which I really appreciated! Great service, great staff and really reasonable prices ! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
1	Brought car for smog test. They recommended about $1000 worth of services "according" to milage ?!?? including transmission fluid flush on car with maintenance free transmission!!! The car was always serviced at dealership and didn't need any of the services. Nice try to rip off a customer !! Be aware
5	This place is on point! Fair prices and reliable service. I brought in my car to get it checked out. They diagnosed it quickly. What's even better was that they offered me a great deal for the repair. Seriously, these guys are great! Their customer service is exceptional as well!:)
5	I took my car to purrfect auto today for the first time. Needed the a smog check an a oil change. Walked in the Manger Rahim was very friendly and courteous. I was pressed for time because it was my lunch break. So I just dropped my car off and Walked to grab some pizza. Had a quick little lunch and by the time I got done my car was ready! Everyone was so nice! I also checked in on yelp and my smog check was only $9.99 and my oil change was $9.99! What a great deal almost cheaper than lunch. I would highly recommend purrfect auto because they are fast, friendly, and affordable!
5	I was having car trouble and I needed somewhere that was cheap yet reliable. I was a bit skeptical about going to purrfect auto because of some of the reviews. However, the service turned out to be fantastic and the staff was super friendly. They talked to me in a way I could understand, considering that I don't know much about cars. They were able to diagnose my car quickly and I was out of there in no time!
5	The service at this purfect auto is amazing not only were they quick about changing the oil the prices are reasonable as well.
