5	First rate tour of the vegas strip and red rock canyon!  Our guide, Buck, made the trip 5 stars.  His knowledge of the history of vegas as well as his ability to teach us about the geology and flora of the canyon was surpassed only by his enthusiasm for his job and storytelling abilities!  We had a great 2 for 1 deal on groupon which made this tour just about the only reasonably priced thing in vegas!
5	This was one of the best parts of our trip. The tour was wonderful!  Christian was our tour guide and if you get him you'll be in for a fun time. He was full of information and entertaining. We will be doing this tour again in the future.
5	Our Pawn Star tour was even better than advertised!!  We got Rick's, Count's, Toy Shack, Ultimate Sports & ATM in addition to Gold & Silver Pawn. Our driver, Shannon, was simply THE BEST!!!!  He had water & snacks available,  had great historical info & took pictures so we both could be in them. That was an extra bonus. I highly recommend this tour & be sure to ask for Shannon!!!
5	So first at all 5 stars for our tour guide Christian ! Super nice guy and he made the all experience , very knowledgable !!!! Like really he explain us every place we went in details . Communicate with u all the times ! I love the tour , we actually met the Rick from American restoration , he came up to us and sign every one autograph ! Next stop Pawn Shop , was really excited ! Ones we came in Chomley actually came out and also sign for every one. The Toys Shack owner J. Jimenez was greeting us let us take pick with him and sign stuff , very nice of him! Cool place , I loved alien head ! Then we visit card collectors store , also very nice. Counting cars was cool ! Loved the collection ;)Now- attention ! The last show is Shark tank , they can drop u off before going there , believe me and do not waste ur time let them dropp u off to ur place , because there is nothing to see there !!!!!! Nothing !!! It's few aquariums with small fishes and like 10-15 parrots ... That's all ! And the guy talking is annoying telling some not relevant stories ! For literarily 20 min ! Boring .... Other then that , take it !!!!
5	Great tour! Shannon was an awesome guide and went out of his way to make sure we had a great experience. He offered a ton of interesting information about the Las Vegas area in addition to the tour stops. Nice touch to have water, sodas and snacks available.
