5	Best Chipotle in Las Vegas. UNLV make for a great variation of people to talk with while you eat....  Little secret.: If you are a UNLV student, UNLV staff,or Clark County School District Staff you show your ID for a free drink...
4	Hit or miss kinda place in terms of service in Las Vegas. The ingredients were fresh, the chips were awesome. Overall, I recommend this place, for a convenient, quick meal for any UNLV student(such as myself).
4	No matter how 'grown-up' I am, I think I'll always think of myself as a starving college student and always try to live as one.  Or maybe I just like life that way, who knows.  All I know is I like this Chipotle because I can surround myself with other starving college students AND get a taco ($1.50ish for the single ones), chips and guac ($2.25) and a small drink (free with my awesome UNLV ID) and be totally substantially fed for under $5.00.  That's all I need, baby.It don't taste bad, either.  (In fact, considering it's run by McDonald's I'm surprised it's as good as it is.  It's no Zaba's, but seriously I think it's actual chicken.)
4	I was curious about this place when it opened by UNLV.  I wanted to try it for the longest time.  Then by miracle one day, a coupon for a FREE burrito of your choice from Chipotle hit my apartment mailbox.  No joke!  I guess it was because my apartment was close to UNLV and they wanted folks to come check it out.  I kid you NOT...I was searching in our mailroom trash can for extra coupons.  I found like a half a dozen of em!  For 6 bucks a burrito I was definitely saving me some moolah.  I even took my gf out for lunch one day using these coupons (heh heh).  I was a dirt poor college student, not cheap!Anyway, I finally get to go to this place.  I was a bit weirded out because the line was out the door.  I was like, "What's going on?".  Come to find out that you stand in a line to 'craft' your own burrito, and you can see what goes into it.  It was a cool concept, although a bit strange at first because I was expecting a few cashiers like Taco Bell.  The decor was nice, more modern, lots of steel, fewer colors and more monochromatic.  I get to the front of the line and it's my turn.  It's like creative freedom kindgomness (if that's a word).  First I get to choose if I want a burrito, soft or hard tacos, or a burrito bol (burrito with no tortilla).  Then I get to choose my meat or veggies, rice and beans, then my goodies on top.  I go for a burrito with grilled chicken, cilantro-lime rice, black beans, pico di gallo, tomatillo salsa, and extra romaine lettuce.  This sucker came out HUGE.  The lady could barely close it and wrap it in foil.  I was so happy I could barely contain myself!  Big food for big boy!  It was seriously over a pound for this burrito.  After I kindly handed over my coupon I was on to the main event.   It was sooooooo good!  I love this idea of your meal all nicely wrapped up.  It was great with the rice beans, moist chicken and the salsas.  The lettuce provided some 'snap'.  I smothered this beast with green tabasco at every bite...MUY DELICIOSO!  I finished it...barely.  It wasn't until later that I found out EACH of these burritos carry over 1100 calories with all the fixin's.  No wonder I slept like a baby afterwards.  Eat one.  Or half of one and save the rest of it for later.  You won't regret it.  Unless you eat a whole one with extra beans and hot salsa, then you might.  But probably not.
3	The food isn't bad, and the prices are okay.  Maybe the food is even better than "not bad"--3 1/2 stars, maybe?  Everything looked and tasted fresh.  The reason I'm not rating the place better is that it's built so that the sound just amplfies and echoes, and this is bad for someone who is hovering on the edge of a minor migraine.  When I wasn't picking at my chicken burrito, I was wondering how many people I could stab to death with my plastic knife before the two cops having lunch at the next table stopped me.
3	Clear from the reviews that this is the "UNLV" Chipotle.  It is also pretty proximate to the Strip without being on the strip, so if you are looking for a low maintenance meal away from the bustle (and prices) of big time Vegas, this location is suggested.  The restaurant itself is just like every other Chipotle in the world.
3	Food is still decent, but it's still TOO NOISY.  There were only 8 people in the place last time I went, but it would have been quieter sitting at the tables outside right there on Maryland Parkway.  It only took 5 of the customers to make all that noise, and they weren't being loud and boisterous--just talking at normal conversational level.  Something about the way this place was built just amplifies the sound to deafening.
5	I cannot stress enough how much I love this location. Even at its busiest, they are always quick, clean and courteous, and have never gotten an order incorrect. I went in today for a quick take-out lunch. I luckily completely missed a line, and had a new guy make my soft tacos. He was a bit slower than usual, but there was no rush. I could tell he was learning as he did not know how to fold up my tacos to-go, but a supervisor taught him quickly. I was out the door in 5 minutes. The best part about this location is that as a UNLV student, they give you a free drink with your order. Who doesn't like free? This is a great spot for vegetarians and vegans alike and the price is just right for the amount of food given (which is A LOT). An entire meal for $6 is not bad at all, and the service is always great. This Chipotle location is definitely my favorite.
4	As chains go, I have to give this location a solid 4 stars. They'll get the other star if/when they finally get their liquor license! (When i visited last year they still didn't have it!) For 4 years, I had been coming here and still no liquor license...what gives?! It's not like there aren't bars or other establishments nearby that don't serve this stuff already (FF, C&A, Stephano's, Cheers next to Roberto's etc...). Oh, Chipotle, you McDonald-owned chain....you taunt me with that "pending" sign to no avail. So, not one cerveza with my vegetarian burrito while i was there. I never once was able to partake of a nice Pacifico while chowing down on those huge-ass burritos of yours.That's okay, i forgive you. Deep down, I know you were just being a good friend. Feeding me burritos big enough to feed me twice..or split with another friend. And when I got tired of burritos, you gave me tacos, quesadillas all with chips and salsa if I wanted (for a price). And you were good for UNLV types - you gave them a good discount too. I saw you many times on campus giving out free samples at UNLV events. Never mind that I wasn't a student there. You never cared. It's b/c you really liked me and I was your BFF, huh?Yeah, I like you too, Chipotle.
5	Simple Menu. Great Food. Burrito, Burrito Bowl, Tacos, or Salad- four meats or vegetarian- ranging from $5.50 -$6.10. Needed something fast before we were picking up our new furniture at nearby Lawrence's; this fit the bill. We came here once before, but my husband didn't like it. This time he liked it!Choose the meat- chicken, steak, barbacoa (naturally raised beef), carnitas (pork) or vegetarian. Choose the burrito, burrrito bowl, tacos or salad. I really liked my chicken salad. Romaine greens, topped with medium roasted chili-corn salsa, mild- pico de gallo, chipotle chicken, peppers & onions, corn, and shredded cheese and the side of chipotle-honey vinaigrette. There was so much flavor from both salsas and the peppers & onions, that I really didn't put too much additional salad dressing. (You can get it with sour cream and avocado but I thought it was fine.) It was soooo good- I finished it. My husband got the carnitas burrito- he called it a two fister- it's huge, I would probably only eat half. He really enjoyed it. (He got steak the first time, but it was dry so he didn't like it.)I recently reviewed Baja Fresh as possibly being my favorite Mexican chain restaurant, but I think that I like Chipotle better. There is a kids menu ranging from $2.95-$3.95- quesadillas, taco, or taco kit (they build it- really neat!). Also, maragaritas & beer available ($2.75- $3.50). Sides are chips & salsa, guacamole ($1.50). Free refills on soda. The inside, which is industrial feeling, reminds me of Hash House A Go Go. The staff is fast and friendly, and the inside is very clean.
1	I started eating at this location about 2 years ago in January 2008.  I was a regular and ate here about 2 times a week for 2.5 months.  The next thing I knew, I had hepatitis A.  It was pretty horrible. I was sick for a little over a month.  The doctor said that I probably caught it from someone handling food who was infected.  The only place that I started going to that was new, was this Chipotle. I'm just saying, I'll never eat here again because I'm 90% sure this is where I got it from.
3	Chipotle is a chain restaurant that someone once told me was owned by McDonalds. I don't really know or care who owns Chipotle but if you can imagine McDonalds making a fast food, fresh (but very bland) mexican (but unauthentic), and calorie killin place this would be the one.I'm gonna tell you now: I like chipotle. It's really delicious actually. I am a fan of their guacamole, and yes I pay the ridiculous extra $1.25 for it. I also happen to enjoy their rice. Which is white, and there's some cilantro lime flavor to it. I also like the sliced lemons out next to the straws so I can put them in my coke. I also occasionally enjoy acute food coma. My usual order fluctuates between a burrito or bowl depending on if I want to save the 200 calories out of the 800-1000 I will be consuming in minutes. That yummy rice gets scooped in a very serious portion controlled scoop then followed by a selection of black or pinto beans. I always order the black beans, they are delicious. Then you get to the meat section where I throw the gal/guy behind the counter a loop and ask for half barbacoa and half steak. It's fun to get that cubed texture from the steak and the spiciness and shredded texture from the barbacoa. Then I get some fresh salsa, guacamole and cheese, skip the sour cream. My order with a drink usually comes to around $9.Keep doing whatever it is you're doing Chipotle, because people love it. I would come back more often if I had twice the stomach capacity, but for now a half a burrito is worth $9 only sometimes.
3	I really do prefer Qdoba, but Chipotle is so close to work that it is an easy jaunt for quick easy inexpensive vegetarian food. Chipotle started near the campus of the University of Denver. At one time McDonald's had stock in the company, but a couple years ago the owner of Chipotle bought back that stock. The owner is a proponent of healthy food, and even sponsored showings of Food, Inc. I can appreciate that.My typical order is a veggie burrito with rice, black beans, fajita veggies, corn salsa, pico and lettuce. I've never had a bad experience with any of these ingredients. I could probably eat this a few times a week, but I am glad I don't have to. I think that the staff at this Chipotle are probably the nicest and the quickest that I've experienced. This is probably due  to the location near UNLV. On my last visit last week, each person working at the restaurant acknowledged me and said "hi". It was pretty busy as it was dinner time, so that was really surprising. An added bonus about this location is that if you show your UNLV Rebel Card you get a free soda.
5	Many people may find it strange to go to Chipotle while on a trip in Las Vegas, but man, I do love my Chipotle and it was closed when I was driving through the one in Barstow - so this craving was long over due.I was out in the UNLV area, about to visit some friends that go there, when I drove by this particular Chipotle. My first instinct - flip a ish and grub. (Okay, it didn't help that I was hungry.) Not wanting to go against instinct, especially in Vegas, I went for it!The first thing I noticed when walking in was booze. Wow. Chipotle with a liquor license? Only in Las Vegas! As tempted as I was, I still had to drive, so I decided against it...but maybe next time.  What can be better than an imported beer with your Chipotle? Oh, the thought makes me want to head back... anyways... I got the normal: Chicken bowl with fajitas, all the salsas, extra rice, lots of lettuce. The chicken was GREAT - cooked just right so it wasn't too chewy/hard.  Basically, it was the quality I have expected and enjoyed from Chipotle.  I must note that the mild salsa had a bit more kick in it than usual. ;] Non-spicy goers beware!Overall, in my top five of Chipotles...oh wait, I think I've only been to five... okay, my number one of all Chipotles. Why? The booze, duh. Plus, clean with friendly staff. :]
4	I love CHIPOTLE! It's like my favorite fast food spot.  Too bad it isn't the healthiest spot, don't be deceived by the fresh Veggies! LOL, the rice and the burrito's push you at almost 700 calories....BUT I FIND IT WORTH IT! hahaha!  When I order, I usually get a salad with steak, tomatoes, extra corn, and hot sauce.  Take the lemons for the iced teas and squeeze that baby all over your salad, TRUST ME! It's delicious! haha. I love the atmosphere of this place, I have yet to receive any bad service from here.  Everyone's so nice to me.
5	they're super nice.what can i say, i love chipotle!
5	Nothing like a good Chipotle review to ice the veins.I'm not even sure what that really means. I was hungry the other night, and happened to be trolling around Vegas for a bite to eat.I'm a former resident of the Sin City...I don't need to eat at disgusting Buffets, the Hash House, or other spots. A simple off-the-strip visit to a Chipotle will do me.This location closes at 10, and I got here a few minutes before that. They were super chill and didn't rush me. Not sure if this is a state law, but the menu tells you the caloric value of each item. AMAZING. Make smart decisions fatties. Yeah...you. Kidding. I'm fat too.Here is what I had, and they didn't mess it up:Salad w/ Double Chicken, some onions and peppers, Red Salsa, Corn Salsa, a sprinkle of cheese and thats it. BAM! Under 600 calories. SUCK IT!
3	Pretty standard Chipotle. What put this particular location on edge is that they USED to give a free drink to students (with student ID) who purchased $5 or more (pretty much all purchases since the price of a burrito starts at $5.85). I tried this a few weeks ago and they no longer honor it. Honestly, as a poor college student attending UNLV, when I would be on campus deciding where to eat, the free drink pushed me to eat here. Now that it's gone, they might be seeing less business, well from me at least.
5	I eat here frequently, often with large orders for the office which we submit online. When I walk in, even at their busy times the staff is friendly and often greets me by name. Teresa is always happy, friendly and takes time to make sure our orders are correct. They will even call to make sure you are satisfied with your order if it's placed online.I have been to this location both take out and dine in and it has always been a wonderful experience. The food is very good and even for those on diets or with restrictions there are plenty of options. The service is friendly and fast and the location always looks well maintained and clean.
4	This is usually the Chipotle I go to when I'm on/near campus. It's convenient for students since it's right across the street, and while the place always seems to be busy, then again the lines move fairly quick. I've never had a problem with finding seating even when this location is busy. This is your standard Chipotle, and I've always have time to head here when I'm in a quick mood for lunch or get together with friends on campus.
3	Pretty standard fast Mexican style food.  It's not anything special, but it's not going to make you sick either.  I usually load up on the salsas just to try and give the food a little something extra.  I like that they do put a nutrition/calorie count next to their food selections now a days.  On the whole, if you're just looking for a quick meal this place is fine.  I do however like that they take Rebel Cash, makes it really easy for UNLV students.
4	Ah, the work lunch: something kinda cheap, but not something that'll end up strangling my arteries on a daily basis.Thus, sprouts Chipotle, a relatively healthy option for eating; granted, you choose your ingredients wisely.Since this particular location is located right by UNLV, lines can get pretty long during lunch hours. They seem to handle themselves pretty well when the lunch rush comes. For Summer time, it's not too bad. During regular semester periods, lunch lines can go out the door.Food is what you'd expect - Familiar, safe, flavors that are almost carbon copies of the thousands of other Chipotle locations out there. The only problem that I occasionally encounter is the rice, which can be a little dry at times. But hey, I'm not really eating here to impress my palette tenfold. It's simple good food that gets the job done. Sure, I feel like a total sheep-brain by drudging through the long lines, reciting my order by memory (chicken bowl to-go, with black beans, pico de gallo, corn salsa, a sprinkle of cheese, and lettuce). I've been here so many times, I could order this stuff with my eyes closed. I call this workday eating. This is something I eat as part of the mindless work week. Service is quick and food is good.  Plus, it can be healthy enough to eat on the daily. All of which, contributes to a thumbs up from me.
5	I am a big fan of chipotle! I always either get a vegetarian burrito bowl or a salad which is kind of the same thing but with the kick ass salad dressing! I love that all their ingredients tastes really fresh and I am a huge fan of their guacamole! It is actually made fresh and doesn't have the texture and taste of frozen ones! They use to charge extra for guacamole in your burrito bowl, salad, ..etc. but now if you get vegetarian it is included! yeay! Chipotle is a must try for everyone and I consider it one of the healthiest fast food in town. :)
4	I do appreciate that they are eco-friendly. Also, they are very busy around lunch time so the food is fresh. I get the burrito bowl which is plenty food to fill you up quickly because of all veggies beans and rice.
1	Oh my god has this place gone downhill. I can't even. I'm looking at my original review and laughing.The last two times I have been here, they have completely skimped on my tacos or really messed up our order. And here's the best part: we're doing online ordering. With explicit instructions. How do you mess that up?? The customer service also stinks. My husband went to pick up food right before I got off work. We get home and I'm handing him his burrito and it's ICE COLD. Like it was sitting in a freezer. There is no way our car was cold, it was a warm day out and he put it in the backseat so the dog wouldn't get to it. When he bit into it, it was freezing. How the heck can that happen? My tacos were also ridiculously tiny - they were filled halfway if that. They also added guacamole which I loathe. I remember when I've gone there and the tacos are so big that I could barely eat two. Now I can eat all 3 and be hungry an hour later. NOT COOL! So my husband is so upset that he goes back to Chipotle. A second time. What happens? They try to make an excuse that they made the burrito right in front of him and it couldn't possibly be that cold, and all they do is remake the order. And my second tacos are just as tiny as the first. When you can grasp the top of the taco and have an entire inch on both sides, you have a problem. His burrito was HUGE - my veggie tacos were tiny. We're paying the same price, so why am I getting less? I am so fed up with this place that I honestly can't come here anymore. We used to come here about every two weeks but it's annoying to have to keep going back to do things semi-correctly, and still be disappointed on now multiple occasions. It's a VEGAN TACO. I am the cheapest customer you have! I shouldn't have to glare and ask you to give me more of every single ingredient to get one decent taco. Maybe it's just this location, because I do still like the franchise and the food, but only when it's made correctly and has good customer service to back it up if something does go wrong.
3	Cheap on the portions.  Worst chipotle I have been to yet. But then again I am in Las Vegas.
3	It's a Chipotle, like all the other Chipotles. Main difference? It's by UNLV, so obviously the lines can get a little out of control during the semester. I tend to hit this one up during the times when UNLV is not in session. Even though it can get busy the lines does move quickly, after all it's pretty much a no-brainer menu if you've been here enough times.I tend to always get a chicken burrito, black beans, little sprinkle of cheese, dash of sour cream, and a bunch of lettuce. I'm hardly ever disappointed with Chipotle, after all the ingredients are fresh and the meats are hormone free, etc.The parking here is pretty ridiculous though. I don't know how many times I've pulled in, done a loop and had to end up back out on Maryland Parkway to drive back in and just head to one of the further back lots. Anyway, if you need a quick burrito or some other fresh-mex fair and you're in the area hit this place up. I prefer it over the other fast Mexican place which is Cafe Rio down the street.
2	Not a fan of this particular Chipotle... This is the 2nd time I've been here within a year, and probably won't visit again for a long time.I ordered a carnitas bowl with medium heat. There were many problems with the food itself. The carnitas meat tasted over-seasoned (I've always gotten carnitas-something so I knew it was off this time), and they totally skimped on the lettuce, giving me the few scraps from the leftovers they had instead of refilling the lettuce. Plus, as I saw the bottom of the bowl, there were a lot of juices. Not to mention the sour cream was icy cold compared to the rest of the ingredients, making it taste even funnier! :(It just wasn't that great overall -- I'm really disappointed since I've always loved Chipotle.
4	Their chicken is AMAZING! I enjoy this place and the funny thing is I had never been here until this past spring and I have been going to school for three years now. I was the one people starred at when talking about Chipotle and I pipe in that I have never been. Silence had fallen every time. However, now that I know what it is all about, I am a fan! I try to go all the time when I can! I enjoy their tacos. Their rice has the perfect lime bite to it, the black beans are delicious and the cheese just melts into the chicken which makes it all the more tasty! Their tortilla chips are awesome too. Some of them have a little more lime on them then others, so when you bite into it, your face puckers up for just a second, but still pretty darn yummy. I love the fact that the lettuce is always fresh too. Never a brown dry spot on it! The serving sizes are massive and I think it is cool that they list the calories in everything on their menu for those who care. Depending on what you get, I feel that this is healthy fast food. The lines get long because of how popular they are, but they tend to have a process that makes it go pretty fast. Now all they need is a bigger sitting area and it would be prefect!
5	Come on people, it's chipotle..one of the rare places no matter where in US that never disappoints you. Steak fajita rice bowl with extra rice, extra steak, extra pepper and onions,guac, pico de gallo, hot salsa, cheese and a tortilla in the side, best meal you could ever have, the best 10 bucks you could ever spend. There's In n out for burgers and there's Chipotle for burritos. Thats how good they are
4	I needed a quick dinner before a concert last night and really wanted salad.  I also wanted to stay close to UNLV, since that's where the concert was last night.  Ok, let's trek over to Chipotle's and reacquaint my mouth with their offerings.  Got a chicken salad sans rice but with guac and the hottest salsa and hey, it did the trick.  Service was fast and friendly -- there was hardly anyone in the joint last night at 6:30pm -- and yes, it may be a bit pricy but they claim to get their ingredients from legit places.  I'm down with that.Tip: if you're craving a margarita, try one here.  It's pretty good and it works fast.  :)
4	I come to this Chipotle after class sometimes, though far less than I eat at the Student Union. Still, it's proximity to UNLV really makes it a cool place to eat when you're in the neighborhood. The way Chipotle works is simple: you walk in and decide how you want to eat your food. You can get it in a bowl, in burrito form, or taco form. Then you decide what kind of beans/rice/protein you want, followed by the lettuce, cheese, guacamole, whatever. Personally, I do not think you could go wrong getting the steak (carne asada) burrito. I get it with pinto beans, white rice, cheese, pico de gallo, and lettuce. All those things are extras, though, to meat. The meat is the main event, and it does not fail. The meat is so good! It's seasoned well and perfectly tender! I've had the chicken, too, and it's ok - but the steak is king!
5	We had originally went to Cafe Rio however they were about to close and didn't want to be their last clients of the night. We went to Chipotle instead. Chiptole's corporate responsibility is their biggest strength. their food is fresh and more Americanized Mexican food which is good unless you really want authentic Mexican food. I had their burrito bowl without rice or meat. It was delicious and the portion was big enough to feed me and I normally eat large portions despite my small frame. I will definitely go back. The service is great and they always make sure to wish you a good day/night when you are leaving. The restaurant is very clean and their decor is interesting. What made this meal memorable was the speed, portion, and overall service experience.
4	Well I love Chipotle and since I was with my sister after shopping it was the closest location, it was her first time eating here. The food was great but the redhead that works their was rude and impatient to my sister, she's only 12 and it was her first time and she wasnt sure what to get so the red head was rolling her eyes and idk If she's gonna work for a fastfood place she needs to learn to be patient. Other than that 4 stars good food that's why! Burrito Bowl my favorite!
3	Mix and match cafeteria line burritos. That's what I think of when I hear Chipotle. The most recent time I came here I ordered a steak burrito bowl with: brown rice, both kinds of beans, and the corn salsa. I usually ask for more corn salsa. The server gave me a strange, and a little off-putting, look when I asked. Next when I asked for guacamole she plopped on a huge towering amount. While I love guacamole, this was way too much! I had to scoop half of it off and gave it to my dining companion.The location is fairly convenient for students, but the service needs a little more oomph.
3	It's over rated. I like how the ingredients are fresh and that you can actually taste the fresh onions, even though I hate onions (hey it's the freshness i'm talkin' about) It's like a subway but in mexican form. I wanted to order two but since it was a line like kinda deal I was hesitant to even ask for another.I ordered a chicken burrito and the way they made it seemed like it was half a burrito..like a square shaped burrito and not the usual rectangular shape which made me think I was jipped. I'd eat there again but it's nothing to go crazy over for.
3	good food!! but the ppl putting the food together need to have more consistency.I went a while back and they gave me a great amount of food for my money. I went back today and the lady was really stingy & pretty much gave me like half of what I got the last time. The food is kind of expensive so it would be nice to always get my money's worth.
4	I call chipotle , the subway of Mexican food, because even though ithas some Mexican words like "carnitas" or "tacos" its nothing close toa real mexican dish, just like subway is not close to an Italiansub.It doesn't mean its bad, it just simply means that if you aregoing for the full" Vato loco mexicano sabor arriba arriba ayayayay"flavor  ; you might want to go to another spot.Chipotle is clean, fresh ,inexpensive and serve good sized portions.The pinto beans are very good , so is the chicken and guacamole.Thesteak sometimes comes too cooked but you cant ask that much as at theend of the day it is still a fast food joint.Calories count on the big menu  is a super plus for me, as a natural"gordito" that I am , and trying to lose weight, this is a very goodtool. (I.E I would never eat the chips again because of its caloriecount)
4	Okay, so Chipotle is the "Subway" of Mexican food. But, you want to know what makes it better than Subway? Their meat isn't prepackaged and salty and full of chemicals. At Chipotle, while you're ordering, you can see the cooks actually grilling the meat! If that doesn't make you want to chose Chipotle over Taco Bell....I don't know what to tell you. Chipotle is my go-to place when I want a quick bite. I think about the days where I'm going to be rushing and plan my Chipotle visits - thats how much I love this place.I order the same thing every time: a burrito bowl with brown rice, half black and half pinto beans, peppers & onions, half chicken/half steak, mild salsa, corn salsa, sour cream, cheese and lettuce. When I'm not feeling "naughty," I only request a little bit of rice and I cut out the steak, sour cream and cheese. I also cannot resist ordering chips and salsa. Their chips are delicious because they're salted with a slight lime flavor. Best chips in town. [I'm not sure that I'm qualified to make that assertion because I don't really eat a ton of Mexican food or have much experience with other chips ;)]Sometimes, I also get a Corona (or two...) with my meal. They serve alcohol here! SCORE!This Chipotle is always clean and organized and although it gets crowded during lunch time, I have never had a bad experience. The staff is always friendly and do their best to keep the line moving. Fresh, fast, and tasty. Can't go wrong.
4	We aren't big fast food eaters but we love our chipotle.  This location is our go to location since we live close by.  The service is always fast and friendly and the food is consistently fresh and tasty.
1	Worst burrito wrappers. Ive been going here regularly for last few weeks. Since last week, new employees cant wrap the burrito right so they are dripping all over while im eating them. Quality better be come back to its standard as it was before. Same burrito tasted so bad because it was breaking down. Worst experience ever.
4	I come to this location when I'm able to get enough co-workers together for a group order.  No matter what time of the day it seems like the place is ALWAYS busy so if you need to be in and out make sure you fax in your order or submit it online that way your food is ready when you get there.  I love the freshness of the food and the idea that I'm able to watch them make my food there in front of me.  Might I add that the margarita isn't so bad either.  Twist of lime pleeeaaaase!  But let me make it clear that I don't order or consume alcoholic beverages while I'm on the clock.  That's just unethical; however, I will order a grapefruit flavored Izzy!
4	I have not set foot in a Chiptole for I don't know HOW many years!! We are on the way to Lumberjacks Kpop talent show at the UNLV Student Union and Chipotle is right across the street! Hunnie Bunnie and I decide on a Burrito Bowl with cilantro rice, black beans, chicken, corn, mild pico and guacamole. It was delish! Hunnie Bunnie thought the chicken was a little spicy but she was a trooper and still ate it. She ate most of the bowl and really liked it! NOM. Plus I love all their fresh ingredients!
3	It's a little small but foods always good here
1	Ordered 2 salads and a chips and salsa. Got no salad dressing and no salsa. It was 6min before they were closing. i love chipotle this is the first time ive had a problem like this. im sure its just the location, they need to up there standards and keep this kind of stuff stocked. cant eat a salad with no salad dressing.
3	There bowls are what I usually go for and the usual add on items are okay. This location by UNLV is pretty crowded when school is in session so later on in the afternoon is better for a visit.
4	I come to this location quite frequently since it is right by campus and is also on my walk home from school/work. I don't feel like Chipotle is anything special, but it is still good and you get a decent amount of food for the price. I like the fact that I can see the cooks cooking the meat and preparing the other ingredients so I know it is fresh. I usually get a burrito or a bowl with everything in it. My favorite meat choice is barbacoa or carnitas. I love their guacamole and chips.
4	This place is pretty cool, you come in and you get to choose what you want to put in your burrito; much better than those other mystery meat burritos I'm used to.Mostly college kids from across the street, even on weekends.Pretty basic and clean chipotle. Parking lot is shared with a strip mall and looks a bit shady, but hey, there's a coffee bean right across so I really can't complain much.
4	I have eaten at Chipotle many times in Cali, this was my first in Vegas.Well its a chain, so it is pretty uniform as it relates to the quality of food, it is good and fresh, pretty well priced, quick and easy.The one thing that did stand out here is the beer and margaritas! LOL only in Vegas and right across from the university as well! Go UNLV!
5	Not my usual Chipotle but as always great food and friendly service. This one is a bit more crowded being on campus so seating can be a challenge.
4	Service was great and friendly. Problem is that outside its 50 degrees and the beer in the fridge is warm. I will be back I just will do without beer. Guacamole was very fresh I just wish they added seasoning to it.
3	First off, it's Chipotle. I already know what to expect when I walk in the door. The food was consistent, the staff was nice, but the place was dirty. Granted, it was filled with college kids, and this was a busy time for them right after classes got out at UNLV (around 4ish). That being said, it was hard to get over the dirtiness of the dining area, the lack of a salt shaker (hey I found one sitting on a table, some kids thought it was theirs to have and hold for all eternity), but maybe Chipotle should invest in more than one. Staff was nice, I'll return again.
5	Located right across UNLV. Very convenient for a good, filling lunch ! Can be quite busy during lunch time but that means fresh ingredients getting pushed out FAST ! Their meats are usually cooked fairly well. Moist and at good temps. A quick tip would be, if you were to get a burrito bowl, before you shake it to mix, be sure the lid is secured better (sometimes they are in a rush and dont close it enough.... ) THAT would be a nightmare !
1	Probably one of the worst Chipotles I have ever been to. I've had so many BAD experiences that I needed to write a review. Always running out of guacamole, lemons and even steak! How does that even happen?! Get it together Chipotle!! Never coming back to this location ever again.
1	ZERO STARS FOR CHIPOTLE!!!! know I said that I wouldn't come back to this location but I SOMEHOW got talked into coming again. Guess what?! They "ran out" of guacamole, again! After I asked if they were going to make more and one of the girls said "It takes too long to make and we ran out of avocados". -.- I looked into their kitchen and want to know what I saw? A huge bowl of avocados!! Really? You're really going to lie to my face. Two minutes later I walked over to get lemons and they "ran out" of those too. You need to pay attention to detail!!
1	I am a huge fan of the Chipotle brand and food. This negative review is for the service I received this afternoon at this location.Earliest pickup time available when we submitted our online order was 1:15pm. We arrived 15 minutes early, was told that our order was not ready and would be about 10 minutes. We tried to pay when there wasn't a line of customers and were told that we could not pay until our order was fulfilled. The girl in charge of the pickup orders came out and told us it would be another 10 minutes. She came out with our order at 1:15pm on the dot, and told us in an exasperated tone to call next time if we would be arriving early. Her attitude was terrible, as if we were a HUGE inconvenience and had rushed her (which, obviously, we hadn't since our order came out right on time...). A simple, "Sorry for the wait, I was backed up on other orders and couldn't get this out earlier for you" would've sufficed. What's even BETTER is that when we mentioned pick-up-girl's attitude, the manager followed up with the same answer, "next time call ahead if you'll be arriving early" without so much as a hint of apology. Clearly WE were in the wrong here. It was definitely a missed opportunity on the manager's part to turn the situation around and save our experience from being so disappointing. Coming from a background in retail and fast food, I was baffled by their self-righteous, unapologetic attitudes.I also didn't understand why 1. the manager was working in the fulfillment line the whole time and 2. there were periods of time when there were no customers to help - whey didn't someone (like, ahem, the manager) go and help the girl filling pickup orders?I've never had a bad experience at Chipotle before today, and will definitely never come back to this location.
5	Service is really great here. The lines are long because it's across UNLV so it's expected. The great thing is the workers here work fast and love their job. Advice: don't be so tight on the guacamole lol
5	I eat here almost everyday for lunch! The wait can be long at certain times but worth the wait- the regular staff is awesome and friendly and they remember my order - I only have issues when they have visitor or new employees but they still get 5 stars because they move the line and are friendly and the food is always fresh and amazing!
5	The hubby and I came here at a strange time on Memorial Day.  There was no line.  The food was excellent.  This was the largest burrito bowl I have ever received from a Chipotle.  They were very generous.  It tasted fantastic.  I love how they marinate their chicken.  We left very happy.
4	This location has a serious problem with constancy of cooked meats.  Very busy location at UNLV. Not the best, but still Chipotle.
4	Truly one of the great collegiate spots for Mex-American cuisine! I love chipotle. I loved it more after watching their documentary on Netflix. If I ever forget to bring my lunch to school, I usually come here for their bowls with a tortilla on the side. For my bowls, I usually get chicken because it's the cheapest, but I've had the sofritas too, which are pretty tasty (and cheap!). Love that they have brown rice options too now. I think this is a great location because you can call ahead and pick up your order, if you're in a rush. It's true, this place usually gets high influx around normal eating times (12p, 5p) with all the array of interesting bodies Maryland Pkwy has to offer. One down side is that sometimes the staff are slow to clean up the tables, but it's a small issue for a reasonably priced, fresh, "fast food" go-to for college students like myself :-)
2	Make sure you check your orders before your leave, I got a burrito bowl with no lettuce and sauce on the side when I opened it (while back at work) it had lettuce and they didn't put my hot sauce on the side in the bag. That simple stuff really gets to me.
4	Great location right across from UNLV which means you should stay far away from this place during the lunch rush. Just like all other Chipotles, it the usual build your own Mexican fiesta when you order. The staff are always nice and efficient in catering to everyones orders. Even during the lunch crush with a line out the door, it feels that you never have to wait that long before your placing your order. All in all, it's a great, clean and solid restaurant if you want pseudo Mexican food.
1	Very lame portions at this location. It's almost as if they have a game going on how little they can put into bowl... Very disappointed! Totally killed my experience at this entire chain...
5	Chipotle is my favorite chain restaurant! It doesn't matter if you're in vegas, California, or Arizona! The food and portions are always AMAZING! As a UNLV student, it is awesome having this right across the street! This place is always busy! So don't think you will be in and out in a min. The wait for food is probably 5 min, but that's because the line is out the door during lunch time. This chipotles is awesome just like all of them!
4	I've been going to this location for years... Ever since I was a student at UNLV. It's always hit the spot, usually it's kinda dirty and unkept but the staff has always been pleasant. It's between a 3 and 4, I'm sure closer to a 4 for all the times I've been there. Also, don't know if they still do it, but they used to give a free drink to UNLV students with their ID. Awesome promotion.
5	I hate to cook, hate to wash dishes, and hate getting fat even more. So I eat Chipotle almost every single day. Who cares if it's a "fake-Mex" chain? It's quality, healthy food at an affordable price...and they even claim to use sustainably raised ingredients. When someone comes out with another fresh fast food option, I'll diversify -- but for now, I'm basically on the Chipotle diet!For those interested, I get a chicken salad bowl with all the veggies and salsas, guacamole, black beans and brown rice. No sour cream or cheese; that shit is poison. Ditto with the sodas and drinks. My one indulgence is the baby size chips -- 10 tortilla chips in a little bag, just enough to treat my taste buds without making me a lardass. I try to rotate around several area Chipotles, so the kids there don't think I'm a loser. This one is closest to my house, so I maybe hit it a bit more. It's clean and well-lit with plenty of parking, and friendly staff.What more could you want for $10??
5	Place is great. If u wanna b low key. They serve beer here!!!!! Hell. I love this place always have. I feel like a super star when im here :)
5	Best Mexican food is ever had I can't wait to get some more yum!
