4	There are several Jimmy Johns downtown.  This is a new location.  It is fairly crowded at lunch.  Good variety of sandwiches to choose from on french bread.  Sides consist of Chips or Giant cookies.  I'm a fan of the JJ Gargantuan.  It consists of a little of everything.  It is huge!
4	Jimmy John, where have you been all my life?!  I'm not a fan of chain subs.  Subway ruined subs for me a long time ago.  THIS IS NOT SUBWAY!!!!  Thank God.  This is REAL, fresh sliced meats and cheeses, fresh baked breads, crispy fresh lettuce and veggies.  Those are SMILES on the faces behind the counter, folks!  My favorite?  The Unwich.  My favorite Unwich?  Anything with the avocado spread.  And real turkey!  And bacon.  This location is clean, bright, fresh and stylish!  Look for the seating in the back with windows looking out into the marble interior of the Union Trust Building.  Nice spot to enjoy the best chain sub in town.  Thanks, Jimmy John....you've restored my faith in fast food!
3	I unfortunately did not enjoy my sub.  I got the #5 Vito which rang up to $5.98 that's a good price for an 8in sub, but the bread was flat and little hard. Signage in the store read it's fresh baked but really it could have been  shipped in 3 days prior and I wouldn't have known the  difference. The bread for me really makes or  breaks the sub.  I want a soft bread that's gentle on the gums lol.  I don't want to be made to feel that I am working through hard bread to get to the inner goodies of my sandwich and that's exactly how I felt. Jimmy John's Vito as I remember it was lettuce, tomato, salami, ham,  and capicola. Your standard three meat trio hoagie, but really no care what into making the sandwich at all. The only two saving graces for this location is that there is amble sitting and also they sale day old loaves of bread for .50.  I purchased two day old loaves and made french toast the following morning.  I'll be back for more day old bread, but certainly not for meal.
4	Jimmy John's is a chain store sandwich shop.  We've eaten at a few all along the east and west coast.  Prices are adequate for the selections.  Although this little store was crowded during lunch time, service was quick!  Will be returning here alot since it's very close to work.
4	Very speedy service and a well-made sandwich. I'm frequently in the Burgh for work and my office is super close to here. Most days, I try and do a "working lunch".I can get a tasty, healthy and filling meal here for cheap - in and out of the store in (at the absolute most) 10 minutes.For what I'm looking for, this is as good as it gets.
5	Loved the service like all the Jimmy John's I have gone to. I have been to places in Vegas and St. Paul, but this one is the best so far. Fast service, very clean, nice and big, last but not least amazing sandwiches!!!I had the club lulu with hot peppers!! BOOM!!!! It was great!!
4	This is my favorite Jimmy John's in Pittsburgh. I work nearby, so it's easy to stop here and grab a quick lunch. Though the lines are enormous at lunch time during the week, the lines do move quickly. There is ample space inside as there is a lower level as well.The veggie club is my absolute favorite. I'm sad that they have done away with the alfalfa sprouts, but at least the avocado spread is delicious and adds more to the sandwich than just an assortment of raw veggies. I enjoy getting the wheat bread instead of the usual roll (which is also delicious). The wheat bread is dense and has a delicious crunch to it because it is so stuffed with grains.Come early during the week for lunch, or else after 1:30. This will ensure that you get a seat if you'd like to sit down rather than carry lunch back to the office.
4	Freaky fast!Ok so I enjoy Jimmy John's the food is good and a great quality. As far as sandwiches go you can find cheaper but the fresh ingredients here are worth the cost. It's all about the bread and if you go in grab a 50 cent day old loaf for the road. With that bread as your sandwich canvas you cannot go wrong in your own sandwich creations.
5	I've been to a few different Jimmy Johns locations but this is my favorite. Maybe because it's very close to my work but also maybe because it's very clean and the service is always friendly. I get the same thing every time, the beach club, and I'll continue to get this item every time. The bread is soft and addicting and I've never received a bad order. Even when my order is delivered I still get delicious sandwiches in a freaky fast amount of time. Great job guys!
