5	Awesome time at the Med Grill! At least, the venue and music were fantastic, not sure about the menu. Perhaps it's just me being my jovial and social self, but why am I the only one dancing? Different from the other bars in St. Laurent Street where house music is prevalent. Med Grill is the one of the places that plays a good mix of hip hop music. Although I love house music, Med Grill provided a welcome change for something different.Rating Med Grill as a social hang out, Med offers drinks are stiff and cheap, a definite plus. The space is trendy with modern style decor and furniture. The lighting is a little dim like other clubs in St. Laurent but the place is small enough that you can make out the entire setup of establishment without reverting to a map and flashlight.  Another great feature is its location, it sits right on the corner of St. Laurent where all nightclubbers and bar hoppers funnel through, so the outdoor patio makes for great people watching.Inside, I observe pretentious-looking patrons holding their drinks making casual conversation, some wanting to gyrate to the music, other content continuing on their isolated discussions in the corner. They watch me having a good time. Phuc it! I'm going to have fun and show these lookers that I don't care what they think. I'm on vacation!
1	I really despise this place. I only went because I was invited so at least I didn't have to pay, and I suppose, if I'm to be completely honest, the food was good, if not spectacular, in a wannabe haute cuisine kind of way.  But this restaurant-cum-nightspot isn't really about the food.  In the midst of lower St. Laurent hell, it's a place "to be seen." I don't really get that but I guess it's a place to conspicuously display one's wealth and show off the fact that you have enough money to eat or drink or snort coke in the bathroom or whatever the hell else people do there. The ample fishbowl windows seems designed to allow the mixed Eurotrash crowd to gawk at their Ferraris parked on the street outside while middle-age balding business execs can show off the new implants they recently purchased for their young peroxide blonde trophy wives in miniskirts (if they don't, in fact, have to settle the tabs with them at the end of the evening). The overdesigned modernist retro kitsch recalls the set of a 1970s science fiction porno film (something out of 2069: A Sex Odyssey perhaps).
5	The food here was soooo good...and the people here are soo beautiful.Montreal...is o soo good...After dinner the resturant turns into quite a scene..fun house music and beautiful people...abit on the younger side, but if you go next door...that where all the models are...
5	If you're looking for a supper club,  the staff and patrons at MED Grill are more down to earth than the crowd at buenonotte or globe.  And The food is the best kept secret. You know what to expect when you go to a trendy club on St. Laurent, so i won't waste time bemoaning the "eurotrash" or "Gino" crowd... It's funny, those reviewers never seem to include themselves amoung the club's target demo...but they're there. Also, check out Toddy Flores on Fridays for a great, eclectic hip hop set!
4	Med is a supper club located on St. Laurent amongst other lounges/nightclubs on a street teeming with nightlife.We knew some of the staff here so I will say we might have gotten a little bit of that special treatment. At, the very least, our cups were always full, and we were checked on many occasions by more than one server.The atmosphere is very retro-hip.  Red is their very obvious theme color, and fits well with their choice of furniture and general setup. Swanky is the word I'm probably looking for here.The menu is primarily italian all within a moderate price range.  Ordered a variety of things here which were generally presented nicely and tasted great but nothing stood out in particular. Drinks are less potent here, with a 1 shot ratio, vs what we're accustomed to in the states, usually being 1.5-2 shots a drink. I think as a whole, montreal serves their drinks in that manner. The crowd is very euro, age range of around 30's and up with stragglers outside of that range. So far, everyone I met or came into contact with was fairly polite. Very different from the people you run into out of cali's nightlife. I honestly think hollywood holds more pretentious people than the ones I met in Montreal overall.We did get two comp'd dessert platters that included everything on their dessert menu. All of that was good, and I realized, I ate a lot more of that than our french canadian companions. Or maybe I just eat a lot overall...ah well. I didn't have any major issues about med, wouldn't mind going back.
4	Montreal as a whole is a great place for food and nightlife. I've never been a club goer but since I was on vacation, I went. My friend's brother was DJing here so we ate dinner before he started his set. It is a hip trendy place. During the early dining hours the sliding glass partitions were folded to allow fresh air to come in. It is dimly lit, but the atmosphere is laid back. The food was great. The meatballs crumbled in my mouth and the sauce wasn't too overpowering. The mac and cheese was good, I did want more. The sea bass though was really good. It was warm buttery and flaky. The assortment of desserts were good. I was addicted to the creme brulee. After dinner they move the tables and open it up as a dance floor. The glass partitions close and the dancing started. I didn't really venture outside my group of friends, but it was a young cool crowd that night. The set was hip-hop so the music was fantastic to me. It was packed with people til 3am. If you know UFC, apparently GSP was there the night I went. Sucks I didn't know. But I heard he goes there alot. It's always a good time at Med. Everyone should go when Toddy Flores is DJing.
