4	OMG, I just went there to get a few little sweet treats. So much to choose from!!! I ended up with a wedding cookie, an apricot Klinche(sp?), an eclair, a cream puff, and a mini new york cheese cake. When I walked up there was a customer outside eating a huge italian sub, it looked delicious. Walking in, it's set up like a bakery, shelves behind glass full of a million different cookies, pastries, pies, cakes. The wedding cookie, perfect. The most fresh, soft, crumbly wedding cookie ever. The apricot one, don't know if I spelled it right, was yum! It was dusted in powdered sugar, filled with an apricot jam. The eclair, I just got the little one, it's enough, trust me! It's very rich, the chocolate icing on top is thick and rich. The custard filling was thick and creamy. Never liked eclairs much until now. Cream puff was good. Same custard inside as eclair, but didn't have the same "umph" as the eclair. It was dusted in powdered sugar, didn't care for that mixed with custard. Overall fantastic. Try it.
4	Stopped by this week to check out their Christmas cookies.  They had so many types and the store was loaded with other goodies, fresh baked bread, pizzas to take n bake and they have fresh to order sandwiches.  My husband and I split one.  It was huge and so good!  I took some cookies home to sample and will be going back closer to Christmas to purchase more.  If you live in Surprise, give this "Mom and Pop" bakery a try.
4	This bakery is wonderful. Goodies are neatly displayed for easy selection. All pasties were fresh and done like grandma use to make for us.
3	French Apple Cobbler = AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!Average prices as other bakeries in the neighborhood. Staff was ok. They only take Visa & MC and actually smack talk the other CC companies. hmmmm, not too professional. I wont become a regular. Ill stick with New York West Bakery on Grand Ave just so I wont hear excuses!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS BAKERY!!!  THE STAFF IS VERY UNPROFESSIONAL AND RUDE.  My father who is legally blind with diabetes went in and asked if he could possibly put in a special order for canolis made with splenda and then the staff started cussing and yell at him and told him to go somewhere else.  We will now go to Romanelis in Phoenix!!!  My daddy's bakery needs to be shut down!!!
4	As a NY/NJ transplant to the Valley I have had a hard time finding Italian tasty items.  This place felt like home.  A little bit of a drive but worth the gas money.  They were making fresh St. Josephs pastry as we arrived.  They have all the staple Italian pastries, cookies and cakes.  As well as real Italian "sang-witches".  Tasted like NYC!  Take a trip, grab a cup of coffee and enjoy a cannoli!  You will not be disappointed.
5	Cannolli was delicious
5	This is my FAVORITE bakery in the Valley Of The Sun!  Nuff Said! Unfortunately, I used to live in Surprise, AZ. But my one bright shining star was My Daddy's Bakery! I used to drive right past here for almost 2 years. It's hard to do as this place is tucked into the back of a small strip of stores. Then one day I heard the voices in my head say to turn in... and I was glad I did!The first thing that caught my attention... and I knew I was in the right spot... was the painting on the window that thanked me for not dieting! :)This bakery is the closest I have found to what I grew up to in Brooklyn, NY. They have a great selection of really hard to find (in Phoenix) Italian pastry items. Get there early to get the Italian bread loaves FRESH OUT OF THE OVEN!!! OMG... there is nothing better. The sandwiches are really good... an reasonably priced. Especially since its on their own homemade bread. When I was in there the other day, it looks like they now offer Take And Bake Pizza. They looked really good. In looking over the other reviewers comments... please try to understand one thing (and I am NOT making excuses) but the staff is all from New York... and they tend not to be the most friendliest people in the world. Get over it... and try the product! You will be glad you did!
5	I came across this little gem while on my way to visit my folks in Phoenix, AZ.the service was exceptional, the treats to die for. We showed up at their door at closing time, 5:00pm., Eugene greeted us and said it's OK, he will get us what we want. WOW!, he has been there since 6;00am so I was truly impressed. he gave us some advice on some of the items we were looking at and left with a bunch of goodies for the family. all in all. everything was great!I would recommend this for anyone who has a hankering for something good.Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!
5	I love this place! We discovered it about 2 years ago. I find the counter staff very helpful and friendly (Don't talk to Daddy, he is crabby). Their sub  sandwiches are to die for. Try the Daniella's Delight - Italian. Don't forget to bring home some sweets home for later.
5	My Daddy's Bakery is really great.  I tell all my friends about it and they keep coming back for more.  The quality of food is so good, their business keeps growing & growing.  Make sure to try the almond horns and the dipped chocolate macaroons.  We've been going there since they started.  I think the comments about Eugene is misplaced, Gene just keeps working & working to make quality baked goods.
4	Sign caught my eye and I am happy I pulled in.  Shop has a large assortment of Italian bakery items.  I picked up a cannoli and a rye bread.  Both are great!  Will be stopping by on my next trip to that part of Phoenix for sure!  Employees were real friendly.  I liked that it had outdoor seating.
3	I feel terrible that I have lived out here in the NW for a few years and I have never visited before now. I stopped in and bought a few pastries and they were great. Custard puff was very custardy and the canoli was perfect.The whole fam and I came back in a few days ago because I was very excited to have a place to stop in for an early breakfast and with a family owned feel.  I think after having the food, I will stick with the pastries.  We weren't very happy with the breakfast sandwiches, or coffee.  I will come a buy up pastries for sure though, they really were great!
5	I read other reviews and came here to get holiday baked goods. Not a disappointment. Loved the selection of cookies,  pastries,  cakes and pies. We ordered a cake and it was so delicious.  They got it done with short notice and the price was excellent.  Highly recommend this place to anyone who has a sweet tooth.
5	Great selection of deserts and delicious items to take home for dinner.  I will be back. So nice to see a place like this in this area!
5	The best Italian Bread. The Cannoli is to die for! Will return for delicious treats soon!
5	My hubby surprised me on our anniversary (Saturday) with a box of Sweet Daddy goodies. I've been craving cannolis and lobster tails for the longest because of that darn show "cake boss"  lol.. So He did his research and found this place. They are by far the best that I've had! In MY opinion. The cannolis were so tasty and the lobster tail was delicious. Very crunchy! Also the chocolate dip cannoli was awesome. My hubby himself isn't really a fan of sweets but he even enjoyed every single one of them. I will be back! The only thing that sucks it's the long drive from where I am. But worth it.
4	Can't pass this bakery! Have to stop whenever we go past. Real Black and Whites, great Italian pastry .. right from the Bronx. Fantastic. Try the frozen dishes; ravioli, eggplant Parm, stuffed shells and pizza ... all great!
1	It is very hard to find a good baker specialized in  Italian  pastries in Phoenix. That being said, I was very happy to find that this shop had the coveted Lobster Tail which I was only able to find on a trip to New York at the Mona Lisa Bakery in Brooklyn. My disappointment came when I saw the miniature sized, shelf aged Lobster Tails this shop had to offer. The pastries seem old and stale. There is absolutely nothing that differentiates the pastries bought from this place from the ones bought from Walmart. I hope you guys up your game and provide us with better quality pastries, even if you have to increase the price.
5	Italian beef sandwiches made on their own fresh-baked roll ... absolutely delicious.  And they have a tasty sub sandwich, too. Their cheesecake is good, all their bread products are very fresh.  I'm not as impressed with their pastries but my wife craves their Italian cookies , cannolis, etc. so it's on our list of favorite local places.
4	The Real Deal... A taste of NYC in Surprise The staff at My Daddy's Cafe are warm, friendly, and inviting to everyone that walks in the store even when the lines are out the door. This Bakery reminds me of back home in Brooklyn.My Daddys bakery has all the hard to find Italian pastries.  The Napoleones, Canolis, butter cookies, and crumb cakes are the best. Nothing tops their  rainbow cookies and my all time favorite Marzipan Princess Slices.In addition to pastries this bakery offers sandwiches and take home pasta dishes. I tried the meatballs and gravy and it was delicious. The gravy tastes like my grandma made back home in Brooklyn.Give this bakery a try, you won't be disappointed and you will leave with a smile on your face.
5	Have been coming here for years ...... as good as it gets if you are not from New York and have enjoyed the real deal from Artuso's in the Bronx. My favories are the Black and Whites, Canolis, and the rainbow cookies. Also have a great canoli cake as well.
5	I have had this little bakery on my list of bookmarks for some time since I live minutes away. I finally had a chance to stop by over the weekend!I ordered two sandwiches - the turkey bacon swiss and the beef and peppers (hot sandwich). Both were very tasty and you could tell that the bread was baked fresh in house. The meat and cheese was sliced right in front of me. My favorite was definitely the turkey bacon swiss. I didn't grab any desserts but I'm kind of wishing I had - they all looked phenomenal! They had cannolis, lobster tails, any type of cookie you could ever want, and more!The service was great, the prices were fair and the food was delicious! Definitely stop by if you're ever in the area.
5	I have been coming here for years. Best bakery on the west side. Huge variety. I just can't decide what I want when I'm there since everything looks so delectable and fresh.
1	If you want a specialty cake make, do not use this bakery. I asked if they do wedding cakes and was told"yes." What I received was a three layer blob that looked like a 5 year old did the decorating.  I left a picture of the style that I wanted and received a horrid cake that did not come close to what I asked for. Result...The night before my wedding my daughter and I spent 3 hours redecorating the Frankenstein.  I cried!!!##
5	Purchased the Italian Cannoli Rum cake.  It was perfect for a birthday celebration that we were having that evening.  It tasted awesome.
2	Today was the second time I have been to this bakery. I went through there at about 1 in the afternoon to pick up some donuts for my kids.I will not ever go here again because there was a younger looking blond woman working the counter who with her customer service skills should have been out back far away from the people. First, we were shocked because there was a fly inside the case and she seemed irritated that we even brought it up. It is not there food that turns me away, it is the service that I received. P.S. Why not offer a military discount?
5	Let's just say, Italian rainbow cookies. Been on the search for these bad boys for four years now. I FINALLY FOUND THEM!!!!
