5	WOW ... who knew some of the best sushi i've ever tasted would be in las vegas. Stayed at Loews for my B-Day went to eat here for Dinner.. spicy tuna roll is amazing.The Kobe short ribs one of the best things that I've ever experienced Im thinking about them right now. MUST GO.
5	One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. This was my choice for Valentines Day diner. This is how you know you had a good diner,...When there isn't one thing you didn't enjoy and everything you tried was really delicious. When it comes to sushi sometimes it's hard to have your taste buds surprised in a good way- this place did just that.The service was what I wish every place to be like! Our sushi came out pretty fast. Our waitress, Natasha was really nice. When we asked what she liked best she didn't just say the most expensive items she mentioned a few different choices. Also every plate we ordered she knew what it was and explained the dish to us  when she brought it out! Chef Fuji offers sushi "classes" (sushi and sake sessions). Our dinner orders where so beautiful we're defiantly considering taking a class, I'm sure we'd learn a thing or two! I was reading online that chef Fuji is the only master sushi chef in all of Nevada (this may or may not be true).One fact is that all of our fish was fresh, beautifully prepared, and delicious! The kobe beef short ribs where very savory. Our favorite item was the Tropical Salmon Sushi Roll: tuna, avocado, rolled with salmon, sliced mango, and a squeeze of lemon. The salmon and mango blended in both taste and texture so well, it was a really refreshing sushi roll. We ordered a sake sampler (which was all cold sakes) my favorite was the Shirakabegura Tokubetsu Junmai. If you come here please order the Hamachi/ Yellow Tail that was also one of our favorites. In the pictures you'll see we also got the Bento Box- crispy lobster, kobe satay, edamame dumplings, and chicken yahatamaki. And we got The "Marssa" with all soy paper, which is chef Fuji's specialty sushi and sashimi. It was so nice getting to try all these different bites, and when our waitress Natasha brought it out she knew everything that was in each of his specialties so again that made it more fun to try. Last but not least we ordered ice cream and the chocolate lava for desert. Our dinner came with amuse-gueule of seared hamachi and at the end with chocolate lollipops. We can't wait for patio dining to open up- the view of the lake is nice here and once the patio opens up it'll be even nicer. Lake Las Vegas is a drive if you live on the West side of town but trust me it's completely worth it and really nice break from the city! We'll be coming back here!
3	I think my expectations were a bit too high for this place.  Maybe I was blinded by the shiny Four Diamond award, or the fact that Chef Fuji's master sushi chef title was mentioned every 5 seconds at dinner.  I don't know, but it didn't quite make it for me.When I walk into a restaurant with so many accolades, I expect to be wowed.  Our table ordered the first round of cocktails and some edamame to kill time while we waited for a couple of friends who were running late.  Our server was very nice, but seemed a little unclear about the cocktail menu.  It seems that the restaurant does not have their own bar, rather, the lobby bar makes the drinks and they have to bring them down.  OK, no problem, but unusual.  Apparently most people don't order cocktails, just wine and sake.  He also had a couple of assistants who introduced themselves to the table, but didn't have answers to any questions.  The edamame was pretty bland, but it was a decent snack with our cocktails.  For round two, I ordered a Bombay Sapphire martini, very dry.  It arrived with way too much vermouth.  Disappointing.Since the chef is a master sushi chef, I was expecting some inventive and creative options on the menu.  I was sad to see that there were only about 10 choices of rolls, most of them involving tempura, and the usual suspects when it came to nigiri and sashimi. I was pretty excited that foie gras was an option, but I decided to go with the sushi & sashimi sampler, which is supposed to be 9 of the chef's signature sushi creations.  I figured I would give the chef free reign.  I even told my server that I am very adventurous when it comes to sushi and that Chef should feel free to try out something new, or whatever he wanted.  He said something like, "better be careful or you'll get the uni."  I said, "um, yeah, it's my favorite, I hope the chef puts it on there...hint."  I then allowed myself to dream of all the natto flying around and some weird fish I'd never heard of.  Ahhh...But no.  My sampler arrived, and while beautifully presented, I learned that 4 out of 9 of my bites were crab based.  The other 5 were two pieces of tempura roll, spicy scallop, cajun albacore and a teeny piece of my beloved uni.  The sushi was fresh and good enough (well maybe not so much the scallop), but I am kind of upset that I spent $38 for the Forrest Gump of California Rolls.  Crab avocado, crab cucumber, crab ceviche...I'm not sure if it was just the price of the dish that was holding Chef Fuji back (I know he's got some good stuff up his sleeve - and I would have been willing to throw in a couple more bucks for the good stuff), or maybe he didn't believe that I could handle anything more than the basic.  Or maybe he had the night off.  I'm confused, and sad.  A tear.
5	We were ecstatic there was a Japanese restaurant at the Hotel, couldnt wait to try it. Everything was excellent from the Pinot Grigio to the complimentary Lava cake for dessert. We started with the Tomato Ceviche..interesting, very refreshing and a perfect start to our meal. Tuna sushi was the best , i had to repeat the order. I love when sushi places put sesame seeds on their rolls like the spicy tuna roll . Ribeye was generous and perfectly cooked. Our server was witty and on top of things, very knowledgeable as well. The only thing i wish they had were glasses of sake instead of bottles. I wanted to try a glass or two not an entire bottle.
5	I need to eat here more often. Thinking of it cuz I ate here for Restaurant Week last year and it was unbelievable. We also ordered off of the regular menu I can truly say this is one of the best dining experiences. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE
1	I'm a traditional sushi/sashimi kind of guy and I stay away from any sushi place that also sells steak, fusion food and other non-sushi. But because of Chef Fuji's master sushi chef title (if true), I decided to try Marssa. I should have stayed with my instincts and stayed away.1st - Their sashimi plate is mediocre at best. For $70, I would have expected fancier fish, than the boring usual maguro, shake, tai, shiro maguro, etc... No fish was cured so it was very chewy - especially the tai and the shake. No uni, no bass, no spanish mackerel, not even regular mackerel. I was told that there was no toro, which i understand. Toro is seasonal and it is not the season this time. 2nd - For $70 sashimi plate and Chef Fuji's master sushi chef title, I should have been served fresh ground wasabi. When asked for it, I was basically treated like "it is fresh ground wasabi" pointing at the powder based wasabi. I had to re-itterate and tell the waiter to tell the sushi chef for fresh wasabi. He did comply and came back with fresh ground wasabi. Wasabi makes all the difference.3rd - Kids plate is a joke. If you have 7 or 8 year olds, better get 2 kids plates for each kid to fill them up, which is equivalent to an adult plate price.4th - Sushi is Ok. However, for someone with Chef Fuji's master sushi chef title, when I ordered the amaebi, they should have also brought out the deep fried shrimp head. Conclusion - If you are into rolls, this place is OK, although very very pricey. I am not a fan of chain sushi restaurants like Nobu or Sushi Roku because of the impersonal fish selection. However those places are much much better than Marssa. If you are a sushi connoisseur, stay away. This place is awfull.
3	We decided to go here for Valentine's Day since my boyfriend saw that the sushi chef was on Dinner Impossible on the Food Network. They had a special V-day Menu which we decided to order from. The first course was the Tuna Cocktail, this was slightly seared tuna with a spicy BBQ sauce and cucumbers. The Tuna Cocktail was good so when the second course came out, I had the Lobster Miso soup and the BF had the Hot and Sour Soup...it was a disappointment. The Lobster was so overcooked that it was rubbery and hard to even swallow, the Hot and Sour Soup was overly spicy and nothing special. The third course included the New Zealand Lamb Chops which had a Coffee Mole Sauce and Butternut Squash or the Aburi Yellowtail. The Mole Sauce overpowered the Lamb Chops, but the Yellowtail was surprisingly delish. For the main course we decided to order the Sushi for two. It came with Tuna Sashimi,  Toro, Salmon, Kobe Nigri Sushi, Tiger Roll, Crunchy Roll and Tropicana Roll.  All the rolls were half rolls (about 4 pieces each) and the nigri was nothing special. For dessert, they provided a chocolate type wafer dessert with a rasberry puree...I didn't care for it very much but the BF thought it was ok. Overall, we were a bit disappointed by the fact that this was supposed to be the only Master Sushi Chef in Las Vegas, but the quality of the food was mediocre. Ending on a positive note, I do definitely recommend the Marssa Martini!
5	Great food and a great service. Disagree comletely with the guy earlier who knows about sushi.
5	I'm going to be daring and say that Marssa is some of the best sushi I've ever had, and I've had a lot of sushi in my day and in some really high end places. Sushi at it's best is something that not a lot of people get to experience and I'm sure there's better, there's always someone better, but this is pretty top notch. It's super quality, creative, beautifully presented and downright delicious. Not to mention that the environment and atmosphere is great. Perfect place to get out of the city for a bit and be treated to a great dining experience.
4	This is going to be a strange review...but I ate at Loew's for their Thanksgiving brunch (which was served in Marssa).. they had both traditional Thanksgiving fare as well as some great Asian dishes as well.  It was unbelievable!...I'm planning on going back again next year, just because the staff and the meal were both so amazing.  Oh, and our daughter loved it too.  They had a children's buffet area, with all the chafing dishes at kids level...the attention to detail was fantastic.  I don't remember the price...but I want to say it was $50 per person...which seems like a great price in retrospect (oh, and I think young kids were free).  An amazing find...Update:  Since Westin took over the hotel, the Thanksgiving brunch definitely took a hit.  No more turkey carving station and less food options overall.  Still a 4 star experience though, what with the beautiful venue, great staff and solid food.
5	Disappointed in myself for living at Lake Las Vegas for 2+ yrs and only just discovering this hidden gem! Found this place via recommendation from the Island Sushi chef who claimed Chef Fuji at Marssa is the BEST sushi chef in Nevada....bold claim but his biography designation as the only Master Sushi Chef I would say is accurate.   The place is pricey but you get what you pay for....romantic restaurant without being overly pretentious.  We went at night, so we didn't get to take in the full effect of the restaurant with floor to ceiling windows overlooking Lake Las Vegas.  However, the sitting area right outside the restaurant (part of the Loews hotel) has small fire pits with a cozy sitting area at night.Onto the food, the fish and seafood is exceptional!  For appetizers we ordered Chef Fuji's Tuna Cocktail which in itself is a mini show since it comes on top of a vase of dry ice to give the impression that this poke like tuna dish is smokin'.  We also ordered the sp gunkan roll, which turned out to be a mini sushi sampler plate with spicy yellowtail, spicy tuna, creamy corn and prawn, spicy scallop, and eel with avocado wrapped in soy paper.   While the fish was fresh, I don't know if it's really worth $20...but again you pay for presentation as well...and the dish was almost too pretty to eat...almost =).  The only lack luster dish was the sakekasu salmon, which just seemed to have a miso/soy glaze paired with fingerling potatoes.  Nothing exceptional there...  We also tried the seafood curry udon which had a light Japanese coconut curry broth combined with what seemed a copious amount of squid/scallops/prawns/king crab.  The udon was cooked perfectly and the coconut curry broth was not overly sweet.  We ended the meal with pumpkin tiramisu...the coffee extract was replaced with pumpkin....the texture was amazingly light...definitely a good end to the evening.For those not wanting to pay the price tag associated with the dinner menu, I noticed they have a happy hour Tues-Sat from 6-7pm....well worth a try if you are ever in the area.  Also Chef Fuji also holds a Sushi and Sake school in the summertime for those wanting to truly learn from the master =)
4	The food is amazing, but our server said some "interesting" things that were rather inappropriate.  Wish I knew when last call was since we were planning to order more but were told the kitchen was closed.  It closes at 10 and we tried to order more at 10:05.  They apologized but it was the first time I heard "no" in the Vegas area when we were trying to spend more money.  We would go back without a doubt because the food is superb, but hope to have a different server since it tainted our experience.
5	This place truly is a hidden gem, as described in previous review.  Had one of the best meals I have had in Las Vegas.  Was surprised at how nice the Lowes Hotel at Lake Las Vegas is. The restaurant has a beautiful lake view.  This place is real serious and reasonably priced for such a high quality meal.  The Opacapaca Lau Lau was exceptional hands down one of the best cooked fish dishes I have ever had.  The Kobe beef tartar with truffle oil was the best tartar I have ever had.  The sushi was all very fresh and high quality.  The deserts were also exceptional the Pumpkin Tiramisu and tempura bananas were unreal.  We spent about $100 a piece but it's easily possible to go and have a great meal for $60-75.  My one complaint is the raw fish selection is fairly limited. I figured a master sushi chef would stock a wider variety of fish.  All the fish was of extremely high quality, I just wish the selection was larger. Basically what I am saying is this place is worth the drive and a must try.*The hotel is now called The Westin Lake Las Vegas Resort & Spa.
5	If i can come once a month, it would be an honor.  Chef Fuji is a 'quiet' genius.  Dont care for flare, dont care if you want foofy shit.....He's one Cool, Calm cat , friendly, hands on, one of the BEST places i've ever had for amazing sushi.... I know, what your thinking....A Japanese Sushi Chef..... indeed rare these days....Go Omakase......no need to flinch....just do it.... The dinner entrees are very good, but Chef Fuji is the reason this joing rocks.....Tuna Cocktail.....nuff said....If its too far for tourists...by all means stay away... i like these hide away gems.....
1	this is easily the most overrated 5 stars on yelp and leaves me quite puzzled. the sushi was mediocre at best so i don't know what the fuss is over the master chef. service? for a four diamond restaurant, it was definitely subpar. we were there on a very slow night with about 80% of the restaurant empty and 2 people sitting at the sushi bar, yet took 30 minutes to get our appetizers. we ordered a couple of rolls which also took awhile, but was not memorable at all. the hot entrees (lamb and kobe short ribs) were very good, but the damage had been done and our experience had been ruined by the time they came out. i don't mind paying up for a good dining experience so i was lured in by the high ratings of this restaurant, but i did not get what i paid for. truth be told, this a 3 star restaurant, but considering the prices and the overly enthusiastic 5 star ratings, i feel a 1 star was appropriate to balance out the reviews.
3	Dined here on saturday night.  We've ordered the Omakase 100, which is a chef's signature 5 course tasting menu cost $100.  If the courses were chef's signature, then he surely don't know how to handwrite.  The first course was a poke like dish; bit sized chunks of tuna in onion vinegar puree.  Not a fan of onions, so this course was so-so.  It was more show than tasty (since it was served in a bowl of dry ice).  The second course was slices of sashimi consist of two slices of tai (red snapper), kanpachi (amber jack), and hamachi (yellow tail).  Both tai and hamachi was topped with delicious yuzu dressing, but the almighty kanpachi was lacking in favor (which was quite disappointing).  So, dinner was proceeding quite well, then it made a U turn.  The third course of bit sized sliced wagyu, lobster, and tuna on crispy cracker were very uninspiring.  The taste were from bland to overly sweet and salty.  The fourth dish featured miso yaki seabass, which was overcooked and tasted more like swordfish.  However, the nigiri plate (fifth course) was the best of the night; salmon belly, uni, king crab leg, and tuna.  I never had Uni nigiri styled (typically served gunkanmaki style), it was quite amazing.  The salmon and tuna was perfect as well.  So, was it worth the $100 or $20 per dish?  No.   Bottom line, just order the sushi and skipped the rest of the fushion "stuff."  Please keep in mind that the sushi is about 25% more expensive than your average sushi bar.
5	We are loosing a Lake Las Vegas institutions. Las Vegas only master sushi chef, Chef Fuji, is leaving in September; taking a job in Beverly Hills. If you haven't had the pleasure of enjoying Chef Fuji's amazing creation time is running out. Oh, and try the creme brule, you won't be sorry or feel guilty.
5	After a visit to Tokyo, Japan we felt that every SoCal sushi place was sub-par. Then we visited Marssa...this place is amazing and can easily match and sometimes even outclass our Japanese sushi adventure. Unforgetable!
1	Omg. The most expensive mediocre Japanese food ever. Save your money. Do not ear here. Tempura is heavy tasteless batter. Sushi is like supermarket quality. Prices are outrageous. Ambience is so so. Lake view is only good thing. Chef is not up to past results. He is gone and so is good food. Forgettable.
4	I was very happy with this place, the sushi was excellent, the curry was very nice and the bento box was very good too. Dessert could have been skipped here, not bad, just not great. Everything else was awesome though!
5	I took my wife here for our 2 year wedding anniversary. The service was impeccable and the food was fantastic. The sake was incredible as well, even if it was the house selection. Although there is a mixture of Japanese and New American on the menu, the sushi is something special.I hear reports Chef Fuji has left. I hope this isn't true!
3	This is probably one of the nicest restaurants at Lake Las Vegas and I ate here many times when I was in the area over a month.  Hummm it has to be described as an Asian fusion restaurant with sushi options.  The food was interesting and sometimes creative.  There were some good flavors in some of the dishes but much of the sushi seemed to be very Americanized.  The prices seemed high for what you got and I found I usually liked the steaks and cooked fish better than the sushi and other Asain "fusion" dishes.  The omakase tasting options were generally good but sometimes a bit too progressive for my tastes.  The best thing about this place is that there never seemed to be a wait and a reservation was never needed.
3	I came here for Valentine's and was expecting to be wowed.  Presentation, yes.  Taste, I have had better for sushi, price, oooh kind of up there.  The one dish that I most enjoyed was actually not sushi, it was the duck.  I like plain sushi, so the fusion ones I tried was a bit hard for me to enjoy...Just what I prefer.   Beautiful atmosphere, fantastic service too.  If I do make the drive out here, I probably will try other dishes...Def want to give it another shot.
5	I took my wife to Marssa for her birthday and we had the omakase.  It was one of the best meals we have had, anywhere, and I would say without hesitation that Marssa stands up to Morimoto in Philadelphia, which is one of my favorites.  Service was excellent, and Chef Kaz's creations were amazing. The chef used superior quality ingredients along with superior techniques on each course. The sushi courses were superb, ultra-fresh, and the fish was the star.  The cooked dishes were perfect, and the combination of both cold and cooked dishes over the course of the evening demonstrated Chef's skill and desire to present a memorable and first quality experience.  I would very highly recommend a trip to Lake Las Vegas just to try this restaurant--and then just go back again and again.
1	Yuk. Honestly...besides the sake, what a disaster. Even the edamame was in edible. I went there a couple years back and it was delicious. Not sure what happened but definitely go somewhere else. Horrible.
5	We started at Marssa with the Bento Box.  This appetizer was a 3-4 (see below).  BUT, the rest of the meal, and the service, and the overall ambiance of the place, brought the rating up to 5 stars.  The rest of the evening was that good.  It was fantastic.  Even though we never ate here when Chef Fuji was here, we did not find the main courses lacking.  I can't wait to return.  Drew was our server, and he was perfect the entire night.  Refills both from the bar and with our water were very quick.  He had great recommendations and did not try to upsell us at all.  I was so pleased I told the manager.  We'll be sure to ask for him next time we are at Marssa.As noted above, we had the Bento Box appetizer, and it didn't knock our socks off.  It contains 4 items:  honey walnut shrimp, an edamame dumpling, lobster cakes with crab/cucumber salad, and duck confit spring roll.  The dumpling was fine, I enjoyed the broth it was in about as much as the dumpling itself, if not more.  The lobster cakes were solid, but I could have used more of the sauce.  The cakes were underseasoned.  I didn't care for the walnut honey shrimp.  While it was cooked very well, the honey glaze did nothing for me, it was bland.  I liked the duck confit spring roll, but without the accompany sesame sauce.  I liked that you can try lots of things, but more than one dish missed.  So, the appetizer left us a little worried about the rest of the meal.Our fears were unfounded.  I had the Marssa, a 9 piece chef's tasting platter that included both hot and cold dishes.  The winners were the Cajun albacore tuna, the A5 wagyu beef, the mackerel, and the shrimp ceviche.  The shrimp was so fresh, the body/head were moving a little on the plate.  I've never seen anything like it.  It was not off putting at all.  You are clearly at the mercy of the chef, and at $48 it's not cheap, but I certainly felt well taken care of.  It was a fantastic meal.The wife had the seafood katayakisoba.  This is crispy noodles with broth and many types of seafood:  calamari, scallops, crab, shrimp.  It also has veggies and mushrooms.  This was a massive dish, and again, it was fantastic.  The seafood was cooked perfectly, very tender.  The noodles were crispy at the top, and when you got more into the dish, they soaked up some of the broth.  Very flavorful.  This is a definite repeat.For dessert, we tried the pear tart with cinnamon sorbet.  It was very good, the pear took on an almost apple like quality.  This was a large dessert, easily shareable and well worth the money.  Overall, we found both the raw and cooked dishes to be executed very very well.  It was a pleasant evening in a great setting with excellent service.  You can't ask for much more than that.  It may be a long haul for most in the Valley, but it's worth it.
5	My wife and I have ate at a lot of restaurants here in Las Vegas and never thought of dining at the Westin for fine dining. Boy was I proved wrong, Marssa's is by far on the best overall dining experiences we've had. From the food and beverage supervisor Abdul making us feel like a VIP to the view of the lake from our table. The food was outstanding! I can't wait for our next date night because we will definitely be going back.
2	I am giving two stars because our service was great and the appetizer was good. The food (including the sushi) was a letdown. Our app was the spicy edamame and it was awesome. I was happy with it because I learned something that I could easily make at home. The rest of the meal wasn't very exciting though. We ordered two sushi rolls-the tiger roll and crunchy eel. The tiger roll wasn't very spicy and the tuna on top was very mushy. The crunchy eel roll had a sad layer of "crunch" on the outside. I am used to crunchy rolls being covered with crunchy fried tempura, but this was just a deep fried roll. The eel also had a off taste-kind of like old fish. I have had eel plenty of times at our local sushi joint it is always tasted smoky and good, but this eel was too fishy and if there was an excess amount on the roll, it would have been unpleasant. Our entrees weren't great either. I had the seafood katayakisoba. I really like cioppino-an Italian fish stew, so I thought that this would be similar-at least that is how the server described it. The problem was that the dish had too many elements to make it enjoyable. The broth wasn't tasty. It didn't have the right amount of savor. It was slightly sweet and it didn't do anything to bring the many elements of the dish together. Also, the pieces of vegetables were too big to eat and were still too raw. I had to cut them up and let them soak before I could eat them. The fish all needed salt and the fried noodles tasted like pizza crust. It was so weird! Finally my wife's dish was the opakapaka lau lau. It comes to the table wrapped up in a banana leaf, reminiscent of steamed fish that we have had in Hawaii, but isn't actually baked in the leaf. The problem here was again the seasoning of the dish. The fish just didn't have nearly enough flavor. The potatoes that were served underneath the fish were bland. We didn't taste any of the coconut or ginger elements that are mentioned on the menu. The only thing that was good about was the banana chutney....the problem here was that there wasn't enough of it to be enjoyed with each bite of the fish. It needed about four times the amount that was served with it. My biggest gripe was the price of everything. Fish isn't cheap and this is an upscale restaurant, but our total was around $150 with a tip. No drinks or dessert and a $5 appetizer. It was a ripoff, and I wouldn't go back. The best thing that came of it was that now I know how to make spicy edamame and to skip the long drive from Summerlin to Lake Las Vegas in search of great fusion cuisine.
5	My wife and I came to this restaurant on our last night of our weeklong wedding anniversary vacay at the Westin in Lake Las Vegas.Craig was our waiter and he was excellent and very knowledgeable about the menu items. We decided to go with "The Marssa Experience" since we were not totally hungry yet wanted to try a little bit of everything. Boy, did we make the right choice! Best bang for your buck-It's a five course meal including dessert at the end. Everything was fresh, unique, and fantastic.Any bad reviews on here are from people who don't know a thing about sushi or fake reviews from competitors, yeah I said it.5 star establishment, hands down.
5	It's all about the flavors! The Master Chiefs will not disappoint you! Come check out Marssa you will not leave unsatisfied! Our server was EXEMPLARY! I came with my little angelic nephew who isn't very angelic and our server just gave him the BEST night of his life. I believe his name was John. He's skinny, short hair, and said he had kids of his own. Absolutely a superb experience.
1	Very disappointed to have driven 30 min only to find they are closed for a private group when there is only two occupied tables in the entire restaurant.
1	This place is so over rated and over price.  Don't know why people gave 4-5 stars. Is it bc they never have great sushi before or am I too picky?  Service was horrible. I ordered crunchy el, hamachi fiesta and marssa box. The crunchy el had too much cream cheese in it and the marssa box was ok .  I ordered fruit and Mochi for desert.  The wait was so long, I just went home.  Over all, the food is mediocre but over price (small roll for $20, common people, what are you thinking). The service could have been better.  I would not recommend this place.  Save your money and go to I Love Sushi in Henderson.
4	Went here for dinner on Thursday night and everything was good. I've had better filet mignon but that's not to say that Marssa's mignon wasn't good because it was and I ate every piece. The pretty edible flowers on top of my mashed potatoes was a nice and elegant touch. However, the sushi is the main reason you want to come here. It is so fresh and so delicious. The tuna was so fresh and literally melted in my mouth. The food was good but I would come here for what they specialize in next time...THE SUSHI!I will definitely be back especially since they are literally a minute from my house.
5	Wow.. can't believe I haven't written this review yet. Went here for anniversary dinner in August and it was awesome. With excellent service and food, Marssa is far and away your best option for a nice dinner at Lake Las Vegas. Since we ate at Marssa we have had short rib at several other restaurants and have yet to find one that is as delicious as Marssa. Cooked perfectly and with a TON of flavor, I highly recommend this dish.Definitely a must when visiting Lake Las Vegas and I look forward to my next trip.
4	Limited Menu but GREAT Sushi!!  We tried Chef Fuji's Hamachi (Tuna) Carpaccio Cocktail and the sauce was so delicious that we asked to keep it for dipping later. The presentation was also nice with dry ice smoking from under a martini like glass.  We then ordered the Tiger Roll, Tropical Salmon Roll and the Fried Rice....all which were outstanding.  The sushi rolls were not a lot of rice and mostly the filling and they were rolled tightly so that when you dipped in the soy sauce, it did not fall apart.  Very good and we will be back!!
5	Under the new management, this is a truly a 5-Diamond restaurant -- beautiful setting, personal attention (including attention to dietary restrictions and allergies), and delicious delicacies that are not available anywhere else in Las Vegas.  This restaurant makes for a perfect evening.
4	Consistently a great place to have a drink at the bar, enjoy a small dish before dinner
4	This is a very good hotel restaurant. Limited selection but everything we had was REALLY good. We started with the edamame. The best we ever had. It's usually the same at every restaurant, but they used black soy beans. Extra delicious!  We had a couple of sushi selections, the green salad, the pancit, and the fried rice. The best fried rice EVER!! The server said they use five kinds of soy sauce. Whatever it was, it was amazing.Service was great too. We'll be back!
3	Good food. Sushi is my all time favorite food, so I'm a tough critic. Wasn't the best I've ever eaten, but it was good. I'd recommend and eat there again.
4	I can start by saying that this restaurant really surprised us in a great way. You would never think that great food would actually come out of this place. I mean it's super far from where I live.Let's get to the food!!! recommended from my co worker who actually works here at night and was our server we thank you drew. Chutoro nigiri-(medium fatty tuna) 4/5Actually really good I kind of only wish it was garlic ponzu sauce but very fresh.Albacore tataki-4/5-great flavor and I wanted like another 3 orders of this..lolKumamoto oysters 5/5 so good my favorite thingTuna cocktail 5/5-the display was something amazing they put some dry ice in the liquid and the cup was smoking and the tuna was delicious!Spider roll and crunchy eel-4/5-  Really good rolls the great thing about this place is the crab they use in the rolls is snow crab.great flavor only thing I can say is I wanted more eel and soft shell crab in my rollsSpicy edamame-3/5-not bad not the best eitherSea urchin (uni nigiri) 5/5-super fresh!Hamachi kama-4/5 prepared really well and tasted great and the skin on the outside was crispy enough to eat stone places don't prepare this right but this was goodSalmon skin hand roll 3/5-this was probably my last favorite thing I mean don't get me wrong I ate it all and it tasted great but the bonito flakes that we're stuffed in here didn't make it awesome!I would suggest a little eel sauce and less bonito thank youFried banana and chocolate lava cake dessert 5/5-this dessert was amazing it was simple with this salted caramel gelato the combo was awesomeOverall this is a great place if you want to bring your significant other and just want to get away from the fast life in Las Vegas for a night and enjoy good food and feel like your in another town when you're only 30 min from the strip!
5	I guess the reviews do not lie! This place is amazing! We ordered the salmon/tuna mango roll and it was great. Their ingredients, specially their fish was fresh and tasty! For our main entree we ordered the filet mignon and the duck. We couldn't decide which one was better as they were both cooked to perfection. They both had the same sauce reduction which complemented the food to perfection. There is really nothing wrong I can say about this place, great atmosphere, good customer service and awesome food!
3	Very un impressed with the food. The fact that they charged $19 for an average tasting sushi roll is somewhat insulting.  Service was pretty good however, and the only reason for 3 stars.
2	I had such high hopes for this place based on yelp reviews and was sorely disappointed.This restaurant can't really figure out what it is, and I don't mean in the "fusion" sense. It seems like a nice restaurant with cloth tablecloths and dim lights, but then they give you the cheap disposable chopsticks you get with takeout. The waitstaff is dressed formally in black collared shirts and black pants, but then their demeanor / attitude is very casual. They have a sushi bar, but serve things like california rolls and spicy tuna rolls. My boyfriend had the seared duck, which was flavorful, but chewy. I had the nigiri combination, which includes 8 pieces of nigiri. The nigiri / sashimi prices are incredibly high for the incredibly low quality - $9 for 2 pieces of regular ahi! It was just barely better than the sushi you can get in a box at Whole Foods. The rice also kept falling apart every time I attempted to dip it in my soy sauce. The cocktails are reasonably priced but they're not fantastic. There were children running about unsupervised in the dining room. One group of friends performed a rousing rendition of "Happy Birthday." There aren't many choices as far as restaurants near lake las vegas go, but I definitely won't be driving out here just to eat here any time soon.
3	Menu is not extensive.....there was nothing horrible or amazing about our meal. I'd say average. Service was great.
4	The sashimi quality is quite good.   Hamachi kama is delicious.  Desert are ok. We tried banana tempura and mochi ice cream.  Easy to make reservations.   Located on the lobby level o's the westin lake hotel.  Highly recommended the salmon skin hand roll!!!
