4	A really cool school!  I'm not a student, just a visitor, but I love the whole scene and how safe, secure, clean and vibrant this school is.  It's in a terrific area (Oakland) which is conveniently located to all of the neighborhoods of Pittsburgh.  They make it really easy to get around via their transportation system, both within the school area and via their public transit.  My only beef is the lack of cabs in the area, otherwise Pitt rocks!
5	(from a Pitt Student)PROS:Great Profs;Located in our hometown (and has several other campuses);Not *THE* most expensive tuition (but certainly not the cheapest either);Great campusCool buildings (The Cathedral--need i say more?!?);lots of cool places to visit around the campus (both food & cultural)Hillman Library is the best!Shuttles (Free shuttles to help ya get around campus with your ID)The city is a plus on its own :)CONS:  Parking sucks everywhere that you go--its unavoidable.Let's not forget that it *is* a school, after all   ;P
5	Truth be told, I didn't want to go to Pitt at first. It's so close to home and I wanted to get the hillel out. But Pitt grew on me and in doing so, I also came to appreciate and love Pittsburgh all the more. Now I frickin' love my alma mater! HAIL.Like most people who had a lot of fun in college, I doubt I studied hard enough but I got by and ended up with a great education. Large class sizes never bothered me; I had no trouble seeing professors when I needed help. Once I got into my core major classes, the class sizes shrunk appreciably. Pitt has a pretty ethnically diverse student body. I made lots of friends. And unlike some of the more expensif schools, it also has wide economic cross-section... rich, middle-class, kids working their way through school, etc. I think it's an important perspective to gain.Since I graduated, I've observed the university grow a lot, whether through campus beautification efforts (or gentrification if you're an old crank like me who loved the grit and grime), building more cohesion in the student body or increasing its national & regional standing. It ain't always a straightforward march but it's coming along.Pitt isn't for everybody. If you want a small town/rural campus, seek out another school; nothing wrong with that. But for me - it  turned out that an urban school with lots of different things to do on-campus and in the city and great academics was a great choice! (And my parents didn't bug me that much either).
5	Would you believe it if I said I didn't want to go to my alma mater at first? Well, I didn't. Pitt was once the place I was going to go because of a tuition bonus I would have received thanks to a family member's job. Of course, by the time I got to Pitt, they no longer had this job and had moved on to a better one. I, however, never felt the need to move on from Pitt. I thought I would. I really did. It never happened.Pitt proved to be the most amazing place to live and grow during my four years there, and not just because it has top notch programs in the fields I chose to study. My first year, I lived on a freshman floor with 29 other classmates and had the chance to bond with young women from across the world. My second year, I explored my campus and found myself involved with multiple clubs and organizations that shaped my world views and my career goals. My third year proved to be the rockiest, but fortunately the friends I had made turned out to be the best ones possible, as they helped me pull myself out of a deep rut I had fallen into at the time. My final year at Pitt was marked by the now infamous 150+ bomb threats the school received; in some ways, I'm a little glad this was during my final year, because while ideally none of us ever wanted this sort of thing to happen, when it did, every student on campus rose to the occasion. For example, many living off-campus offered alternative housing for the ones living in the dorms. I am very happy that I got to witness such acts of kindness and proud to be a part of this university's family. I would be a very different person had it not been for the people I met and the things I experienced at this university. Hail to Pitt!
5	The campus is beautiful! Be sure to head to the Cathedral and check out the view from the top!
5	I loved the University of Pittsburgh. Went to graduate school there to study Latin American History.  Great faculty who want you to succeed.   For those who are negative on Pitt, you don't know how good you have it!  :-)
4	I graduate from University of Pittsburgh in 2012. The campus is great how its integrated with Oakland. There is a lot of activities to do for Alumni and non-students as well which is a great feature to the University. Overall a great experience, definitely would recommend for future students in terms of education and tuition!
