4	These guys have always taken good care of my car.  I've been coming to them for 3 years, and only one time did they miss something.  Their prices aren't bad either.  They usually have specials during the week when it's slow.
5	Loves me some Fabulous Freddy's. I'll come on Saturday morning, drop off the truck for a full service oil change, and have them run it through the car wash (which they give a discount on with the oil change). I come back a while later and the truck is all shiny and ready to go. Romona over in the express lube is awesome too! Overall, a "fabulous" experience.
4	This place is quick. In and out. And if you don't want to watch the clock grab a Frozen Yogurt. Overall I'm coming back.
5	I have  been to many of the car wash  shops in Vegas over the years but  I must commend Fabulous Freddie's for their commitment to detail. I am always impressed with friendliness and ability to make my car gleam. 5 stars for being the best in Vegas.
5	Great customer service. I get my truck washed here regularly and they are always fast and do a great job. I've also had a smog done and it was done in less than 5 minutes.
4	Wish they were a little bit quicker, but they do a great job. At least they have internet and a little frozen yogurt to help pass the time. My one complaint is that when I use my military discount, I don't get the full gas discount! I was disappointed when I went to fill up-I guess they are gonna get their money one way or another!
5	If I was a car wash, I would marry this car wash and mother all of its sexy, car washy babies.Prices are reasonable, services offered are extensive, and the customer service is beyond comparison. Every effort is made to maximize the fabulousity of your visit, from pumping gas to checking your brakes to having a well-stocked fro-yo bar. The young people on staff are truly the most polite kids I've ever met this side of the Mississippi.
2	For the price of their services, I was NOT impressed.  I had to have them re-do parts of my car, as they did not remove the mats when they vacuumed and there was still cleaner on the tires.  I could have done the same quality of work in the same amount of time.  I have a  newer, pretty clean car and I didn't think it was any cleaner than when they started.  I doubt I will go back.  I can hire a mobile car wash off of Craigslist who will do a better job for the same price.
5	People!!!! Listen to me!!! Let me be clear, I have never paid 50 dollars to wash my car and for some reason, I just wanted to try it once. For a crazy $50 dollars at a automated exteriors and then hand clean car wash like Fabulous Freddy, I was expecting a show room ready car and I am happy to say my baby was showroom ready. ProsFor 50 bucks, I got a full detailing service inside out. Everything interior was cleaned up and shined including ac vent and cracks in between seats. Floor mats were taken out and cleaned thoroughly. My rims was shining without a bit of dust on it. Every single grill was cleaned carefully and this was especially amazing because I've been to so many places and none of them ever clean my rims with such effort. The brothers that were clean my car took about 30 minutes to do everything. After they were done with everything, they walked around my car several times and cleaned up anything that they missed. They are not like people from other places who always try to clean your car as fast as possible. They took their time and made sure there was not one single mark on my car that makes it less sexy than a show room ready car.  God is in detail and they did pretty freaking nice job. ConsMaybe I was lucky that I had two pretty legit people who worked on my car as it was theirs. I have noticed some other guys who were cleaning other cars weren't as meticulous. Maybe those cars are just getting the basic cleans but still I don't think every single person working there is as good as the people who worked on mine. Also, I couldn't find the slip that they give me with what kind of clean they provided me with. I really hate this for some reason. It was definitely the slowest detailing ever. but the place was so packed and they didn't start on my car until approximately 15 minutes after i ran through the automated exterior wash. It wasn't a big concern as I don't think anyone would demand speedy service when he expects quality over anything. Lastly, for some reason, they didn't not brush my front seats very good. I am not sure if they worked on it or not and I won't be able to verify that because I don't have a receipt. But that's just nitpicking because everything else looks amazing. Even the space behind my door handles, they look brand new without any nail scratches. OverallFor $50, Freddy's made my baby EVO looked like it was going to SEMA. I probably won't spend that much money again anytime soon on my baby EVO nor do I think I'll need to,  but the $50 price tag is definitely justified and I am going back to FABULOUS FREDDY's for sure.
5	Get my wash here at least once a month.Never any regrets when I come here. Prices are decent, about $40 for an inside and out wash/clean. Not your fastest car wash. I've waited close to 45 minutes one time, but it's worth it and that only means a little TLC to your car.About the staff:Been coming here for over a year and see different employees every time. Regardless who is working your car, the customer service is top notch. If you are unhappy with the wash or if they miss a spot, you'll always be taken care of. It's very obvious that at this business, the customer comes first.  Keep it, I'll be back.Btw, the yogurt is dangerously addicting. The video poker pays out.Have a Fabulous day!!
5	Great service, I got the full service for 99$ and my Dakota look great, shampoo seats and carpets, they washed the windows, waxed and detailed, it looked brand new when I got it back. It took an hour and a half but I would expect that. They had a nice waiting area too inside the convenience store with a TV and a computer that you can use. Sit down, relax grab a white castle from the freezer with a soda and have lunch, then for dessert go to the yogurt bar, at least that's what I did. It didn't seem like a very long time at all. Everyone was friendly and Alex did a great job. I will definitely go back. Another plus they are open til 7pm.
1	This was my first visit to FF. I'm not impressed. $24.99 + $5 tip.  I got better service at the TLC in California for $10 less. First there was Slick Derek who schmoozes up to you and says, "I'm windshield repair and did you notice you have a small pit in your windshield? (It was as small as the period at the end of a sentence!) I can fix it today and it won't cost you anything.  You just submit it to your insurance." While waiting, he approached another customer with the same spiel and the man said you guys fixed it the last time. Now the guy who dried my car did an awful job too. Then he hit me up with yet another service for an additional cost to clean the leather and shampoo the carpet, neither of which was dirty. I'm the only one in the car, no kids. When I got home the running boards were still dirty from rain two days before. One thing I noticed about living here in Vegas is that everybody's on the take. Like when I got the smog for my car. It cost $17.99.  I gave a $20 and waited for the change. When I didn't move, he said, "Oh, you want your change?" I was going to tip him $3, but took my change and left him nothing. Same with the guys who came to my door to sell me a home security system. I recently had one installed but chose not to display the sign in my yard. I said I wasn't interested. He was dumbfounded and asked why?  I replied, "Because I'm not in the habit of buying or giving money because somebody hits me up!" If I want something, I buy it.  If I want to give money, I give it. Conversely, when I pay for a service, I expect quality, nothing less.I called to talk to a manager via automated answering and was put in queue 3X with no answer. Waited 9 minutes and 5 secs and no answer. Called in and selected the convenience store and someone went to get a manager. I finally talked to a manager and shared all this.  He offered me a free carwash. I declined. Do it right the first time and you've got my business.It's funny to read the first few self-written glowing reviews where they reiterate the $99 and $50 service.  I guarantee the average patron is not paying that!
5	These guys offer many types of car washes! There's a menu, and the price range varies from just a few dollars to 100 dollars for a full detail.I was so impressed, the fellow that hand-dried my car spent extra time because there were lots of bug 'imprints' on my car, and he really worked hard to get them all off. My fault for not getting the car washed more often; that  will definitely happen now that I've been to Fabulous Freddy's!Good job guys, thank you very much!
1	Great location on Craig Road.  Always got good service from Freddy's in the past.  After several years, I decided to try them again.  Boy was I disappointed.  I elected to get the $39 complete wash and hand wax.  Took a lot longer than usual as there were many others waiting as well.  The wax job was done hit and miss with several areas not waxed.  Also, the front windshield still had many streaks on the inside.  Overall, a very shoddy job.  I will not be using there services again.
5	Bar none, one of the best car washes I've ever been to.Such attention to detail.  Such reasonable prices. A staff that was not only friendly, but great eye-candy!First off, the car washes were really inexpensive, with a variety of choices as Paula P said.  I chose the mid level car wash, and proceeded to drive in.  (Yes, you get to drive thru by yourself!)Upon exiting their wash, you are directed to a vacuum line.  From there, the staff takes over.  There was a manager feverishly walking to every customer and greeting them.  He asked if there was anything in particular I wanted them to give extra attention to.  I didn't know what to say, because who ever asked you that at a carwash?  They proceeded to clean my car thoroughly, and when one associate noticed some chips in my windshield (which I never saw), he fixed them and billed my insurance - which cost me nothing!  Thank you E-Surance!The wash was amazing and my car never looked so great.  Too bad they don't exist anywhere near me in California - or they'd have a customer for life.HIGHLY recommended.
1	If you want a good Car Wash, this is a great place to go. Why the one star. The continually annoying up selling by their service department..... Reached the apex when they sold my wife a 65.00 synthetic oil change for her 2011 "leased" Honda Civic. Telling her that was the "only" oil they had for her car...... Hey FF employees...Enough is enough.  Just be warned that all the technicians care about is money.... So sad.
1	Do not get oil change here!!! They are not well trained and will put your filter on wrong and will leave out a couple parts which will cause you to take it to a REAL place to get it fixed for ten times what you spent on an oil change! And then you will ask to speak to a manager and they will never call you back even if you try repetitively to get ahold of a manager. Then when you do finally get ahold of them they tell you that you should've came back there to fix it and they are not responsible for the work you had done elsewhere! Rediculous freddys is what they should be called. Done with them.
2	Very disappointed.  Probably my fault for expecting too much.Bottom-line: They did not pay much attention to the details. They did not do a thorough job. When I pointed out minor details they did not offer to perform the job better, I had to vacuum the seats and floor myself.  I told them I was not satisfied with the job they did on the dash and panel and all they said was sorry, but did not offer to redo the job.   $50 doesn't go very far.If you want something done right, do it yourself.I purchased the $49.99 superior interior clean.  Which includes: Scrub clean and condition dash, console, all door panels and door jams.  Remove scuff marks, blow out vents. Water based conditioner and protectant applied. per website. The lady also told me this include full exterior wash include tires and rims, and full interior vacuuming.When they finished, I looked and the floor and seat were still very dirty.  I asked the employee if they had vacuumed. She said yes, but they didn't do a good job. Then she got the vacuum out and did a few passes over the seat and carpet. She asked if that was good -- it wasn't. So I asked her if that was okay if I vacuumed. So I vacuumed the drivers side and the back seats. When I finished that side she asked if it was good. I asked if I could go around and vacuum the other side. She agreed. I should have looked in the trunk because when I got and and did, it looks like I wasn't the only one to forget to vacuum the trunk, that is my bad for not looking.  I felt rushed and dumb to be the only customer vacuuming their own car.When I finished vacuuming, she asked if everything was good. I said I expected a better job on wiping down the dash, console, and panels.  She said sorry and just stared at me. (I have to give her credit, she was very nice, just not proactive in correcting the problems.)  Then she asked if everything was good and I just said good enough because I felt embarrassed to be so nit-picky. So I drove off a little frustrated I had spent $50.In their defense, they are probably pushed by management to work as quickly as possible and they are probably doing the best job they can in the least time to keep up with productivity.  Overall, I am not upset or angry, just disappointed because I expected more for a $50 dollar "Super Interior Clean" Detail service.
3	I'm torn between 3-4 stars because I've had good, average and bad experiences at this Freddy's. In my overall experience, the indoor employees are great- always more than helpful and courteous.  Getting discounted gas for buying a car wash is awesome! But the quality of the car wash itself is where I have mixed feelings. On occasions where I have paid for the best and most expensive wash, I seem to get the best results- clean exterior but they always miss important areas and then they ask me if I have any requests/troublesome spots on the interior but then they don't do what I ask. I don't think that I ask for too much but I do have a toddler who sometimes drops goldfish or spills a few drops of juice on the seat so I ask for that to be cleaned. It's a gamble- sometimes it turns out pretty good and sometimes it's just okay. When I purchase a regular wash, my car doesn't look as clean and the interior barely gets touched. Last time I was there, I complained because they didn't even vacuum the inside at all and didn't bother to even wipe down the dust off the dash. It was a pretty big letdown. I felt that I would've gotten a better job if I just bought a wash at Arco.
3	I used to visit FF's frequently, but moved further away and haven't been in for awhile. Stopped in for an oil change and the first thing I noticed were the gas prices. Two entrances, two signs and two different prices for regular unleaded. Not the price with and without the car wash discount, as the clerk so rudely tried to explain, but different prices on each sign. Apparently the price changed and somebody forgot to change one of the signs. I tried to grab a cup of joe and relax, while waiting on my truck, but the coffee machine wasn't working. Not a "fabulous" visit, but I did win ten bucks in one of the video poker machines.
2	Employees have a bad attitude. I sat for well over half an hour before they even looked at my car. The put me in line after the automatic wash with 3 other cars and nobody working. Not good service. Not what I've come to expect from Fabulous Freddie's.
5	I rediscovered this car wash after purchasing a Groupon.  I originally went to the car wash when it first opened but had a lackluster feeling about the services, configuration of the lot, etc.  Well, after returning after years, I was pleasantly surprised.  I really LOVE the variety of services offered.  Most car washes only offer interior and exterior cleaning packages together.  At Freddy's, you can purchase an exterior wash without getting the interior cleaned. Also, I like the fact that custom detailing can be purchased as separate services rather than one package.The loyalty programs that Freddy's has when buying packages in bulk, when buying individual car washes, when buying beverages, etc., is incomparable to any other in any industry.Staff is friendly and helpful.  There's free, reliable internet available.  Freddy's also has an amazing self-serve yogurt that is tasty, reasonable, and with an amazing loyalty program.I admit I m a little confused at how the gas and car was benefit ties together, but I will ask someone the next time I visit.  Some of the washes even come with a 48 hour guarantee.I used to be a loyal customer of Southwest Car wash down the street, but now I will be returning to Freddy's.
1	Terrible auto detailing, wax was left on the car didn't clean everything I could have done a better job myself.  Payed $150 will never go back
1	Freddy should be as disappointed as I was with my wash here. I bought a Groupon which gave me $9 off of my $50 "Express Detail" hand wax, which was really the only reason I came here. I was a little hesitant to just drive through the car wash machine and then have it quickly dried off, so I paid the extra for the wax in order to have extra attention paid to my car. First off, the young lady working the booth, essentially taking my order, was not friendly at all. Very monotonous, as though she did not want to be there. As the first point of contact for the company, she should've been on her game and obnoxiously friendly!I sat and watched the attendants dry my baby down, half-heartedly. I could see from 15 feet away LARGE dirty areas that were not addressed until after they called me up and I pointed them out. I did a walk-around of my car and there were still bug guts and other spots across the front of my car. What's the purpose of the wax/detail if you're not even going to get my car clean?? I pointed out several spots where there was still wax residue on the hood. I refused to tip these kids because of their lack of attention. Tips are for those who go above and beyond, not for those who do a quick pass with a rag after taking my car through a machine. I guess you can't really expect too much from minimum wage (I assume) kids who don't have a lot invested in the job itself.The kicker was when I was driving home, I noticed something on my driver window...they took a small chunk out of my interior tint!! I was already halfway home when I noticed, so I didn't go back, but you bet your butt they'll be receiving a phone call about it. Long story short, "Fabulous" Freddy's will no longer have my business and I would not advise anyone else go here either.
1	Terrible is the right word for this station's service.  In only one visit they broke my center console by leaning on it too hard, put in the wrong weight oil, and stole my owner"s manual.  Never again.
5	Got my car washed today at this Fabulous Freddy's which is where I normally go especially to get the discounted rate when you have your car washed. Well, I just want to thank McKenna who went out of her way to help me with my discount. The Car Wash Attendant for some reason did not scan my Fab Freddy's card to allow me to get the gas discount. McKenna took care of it for me lickity-split. Thanks McKenna, there needs to be more employees like you around.
1	This is a car wash that I usually recommend to others for the prompt service.  Today was not a good day for these folks.  Once I got through the automated wash, I parked the car and it sat for well Over 45 minutes before it was touched.  Once they 'finished', I say that loosely as the car still had water dripping and one of their washing cloths still inside.  Car was not clean as usual and I will definitely contact a manager tomorrow.   Not happy at all with the service today.
3	Just tried this car wash out and they did a decent job. Overall car is decent and presentable but my black step rails and black plastic pieces of my honda pilot is still raunchy. The chrome on the rail isn't polished as nice as I thought it would be. I guess for a quick wash this is decent but I'm not sure if I'll be back. Maybe as a last resort.
2	I used to love this place but this last year every experience is been mediocre and I've had to have them redo areas. I always go for the slightly more expensive wash and I never feel I get my monies worth. They take far to long and I see groups of people standing around when they could be getting my car out of there. Sunday when I was in there, I intended to tip the girl really well but because it took them almost 30 minutes I tipped less than usual. Two of the kids made a point of talking badly about my tip. I think I'll be taking my business elsewhere from here on out.
3	I used to come here all the time but will look elsewhere. Their car wash quality has taken a dive in the past year.  Like other reviewers said they take very  long after the actual wash and afterwards the car is still not as clean as they used to get it (dirty seats, poorly vacuumed floors, etc).   However the employees are still very corteous.  Disappointing the quality has slipped because they used to be the best in the area IMO.  Hopefully their management addresses the lack of attention to detail and poor quality.
3	Used to love coming here but their service has become sloppy. I don't know what's been going on but it's just not the same service. The inside of my car wasn't even touched it looked like.
5	THE BEST fabulous Freddy's I have been to by far. The employees are so friendly and helpful. Not to mention my truck always looks great afterwards!
2	The service here is pretty great, if you're an adult. The offer of pumping your gasoline should still apply of you're a teenager also. I've never been approached an offered to have my car's gas pumped for me. Unless of course I'm already at the pump. Then someone will usually leisurely walk my way and ask if I need assistance pumping the gas when I'm already halfway done. This never happens when I'm with my family members who are much older than me. I understand that I might be younger than the workers but I should still get the same service as others. In addition, I went today with my mother and the service girl didn't even ask us how much gas we wanted to put. She just filled up the entire tank. We ended up spending $25 more than we would normally because the pump girl was too busy gossiping with her friend to ask.
1	Been coming here for a year for my oil changes and always got a free car wash.  Today I drove all the way from Henderson to this location today and was told they no longer give away free car washes with oil change. I paid 80.00 just for my oil change. They have lost a loyal customer today.
5	I've been using fabulous Freddy's for years to keep my car clean. The Craig road location is the best store in town and has the best service and management. Thank you for treating me fabulous!!
1	Those are not professional!!!! I came to change oil! That's all what I wanted to do. They changed it ok. Then one guy got intro my car and started do something with my computer Did you ask me about? Who said I want change anything in my car? I told him don't do anything there. Just leave it like it is. When I came out shop I see on computer "speed 20 miles exceed" and after every time I spot I hear sound and see this on computer. And I have to push the button "ok" to get it off. That's ridiculous! And he also change something else I used to see mileage on computer now I see speed in kilometers per hour! What the hell you did it!!!?? We live in United States of America!
1	I went to do the car wash, gave a generous tip, but the work is terrible. My door panels are not clean as well as the exterior is not clean. Water spots are noticeable at the back side. I should have checked before I gave the tip. Do not trust their work.
1	Took our car in for an oil change. AFTER they finished they let me know it was extra for the type of car I drive. Over $100 for an oil change. Never again. The dealer charges me $50.
