2	The apartments are a little dated, but they are maintained well. The leasing office staff can be very rude. They made me feel bad about ending my lease and when they asked me why and if there was anything else they could do I told them. They only offered to do it on the day my notice was due, by then of course I had already secured another apartment. Then they input my move out date incorrectly and I had a failure to pay statement delivered by no mistake of my own. The maintenance staff was also rude on occasion. My toilet flooded late at night all over the bathroom and into the bedroom seeping into the carpet and closet. They told me I would have to wait to fix it until morning unless it was an emergency. I was under the impression that water damage in apartments was always an emergency. I used to recommend this apartment complex but I wouldn't any more.
4	My first time living in Henderson and I'm very happy!  My 2bdrm 2ba has everything we wanted. High ceilings, woodfloors in kitchen, dining room, hall, and bathrooms, brown carpet in living room& bedrooms, granite counter tops in kitchen, walk in closet, roman tub, wetbar, balcony with a great view of the mountains, & large storage closet. Good plus in master is that the toilet and sink are seperate. Very quiet neighborhood, great area to walk and ride bikes. Beautiful clubhouse, very clean gym with free water, heated pool and jacuzzi but I wish the grills were poolside for bbqing & dipping, they are outside the gate. Very pleasant security guard as well. Also close freeway access to the 95 & 215. Sunset station ia right around the corner and everystore you can think of. Super convenient.
2	The apartments are decent, a tad out dated but they manage them well. However the people at the front office are extremely rude. They are always closing at least an hour early. It's annoying because the office says they are open until a certain point and they are almost never there until then. They are also really terrible at logging in packages that are delivered. They lost mine for a good 5 days until someone finally decided to listen to me and look for it. I will definitely be speaking to management soon.
2	I chose this place while I was a student because of the relatively cheap rent compared to the other complexes in the building. I. Stayed for three years, not because the the complex was so great, but because the cost and hassle of moving was greater than the cost and hassle if staying.The low rent is a hook. After I was there, it seemed like I didn't matter. Further, every time you go to discuss a new contract your rental price jumps up. I took a quote home to compare in my third year and when I brought it back the very next day, they said the 24 hour consideration period expired and added $10 per month. They knew they could because I foolishly revealed I would be in the midst of finals my move out date.I was there long enough to see staff transition as well. The original management staff was friendly and considerate. In 2012, there was a change over and the front office staff seemed more like salesmen than hosts. Similarly, the maintenance staff change. But this change was for the better. Somewhere in the first three months where I had a number of maintenance requests, I realized the staff was stealing from me. I was missing prescription medications, stamps, change I left out, and video games straight from the box. I talked to management and was told there was nothing they could do because there was no proof except empty medication bottles and empty video game cases. Later in my stay, the maintenance staff switched and I saw a notable improvement, but I was always present while they worked, which can be an inconvenience. Lastly, the apartment designs, floor plans, and views are nothing special. Some stairs feel wobbly getting to the second floor. If you live on the Gibson side, you better enjoy top 50 because the car sales lots play it non-stop over the loudspeaker even at night. So bottom line: as a student looking to save money, this place was acceptable. Now that I have an income and a nice place to live, I realize how bad my experience was.PS I will only mention things that happened to classmates like the guy who lives there and thinks he's a security guard but is really just some guy hassling her, a resident who watches porn on the business center computers, another classmate who had his door kicked in, and one girl who had repeat roach infestations. Those things are just being mentioned and not part of my personal rating.
