3	Stopped by to pick up some office supplies.  It's a clean store with friendly employees.  They had some interesting items for Christmas, but nothing I was going to buy.  I just needed to get my supplies and head home.  Not much else to say about this store.Will I return?  Sure.
4	Really friendly and helpful employees!  They really go the extra mile for you and make you feel like a long lost friend.It's refreshing to be treated with such professionalism.  Their prices are competitive from other 'discount' stores.  Their member program is a must!  They PAY you for your used ink jet cartridges.  A green initiative and a money saver.Highly recommend this store.
3	Overall a good supply store for the last minute items. Usually I shop and order online. The mix of friendly helpful staff was 2 of the 4 that I engaged. The pricing in the store is extremely high on items compared to similar items online and in similar stores.
5	Love the shipping center, so much closer than the post office and much friendlier staff! Very cheap and free tracking!!!!
3	I come here to get my printer ink.  I also get the kids their school supplies from here every year. The lines move pretty quick here, even when they are busy. The staff here is very helpful. They always seem to have everything I need in stock.
1	been waiting a week for my desk & nothing. office depot blames the delivery company the delivery company blames office depot. what a joke!! it seems because they have my money already they don't care about anything else. thought it was a good deal.....but turned out to be a huge headache/joke!! i will NEVER spend another penny in office depot!! been going in circles since yesterday......all i wanted was my desk. OFFICE DEPOT IS A JOKE!!
3	I usually find what I want and in general the staff is friendly and helpful.  Sometimes the checkout lines are longer than I would like but other than that, the service and expertise is there
5	I like this location. Employees are always polite and helpful. At the printing section they always help to what is the best bang for your buck. Store is always clean. if you join their awards program you get extra coupons to use and it's free to sign up.
4	The staff here has always gone above and beyond to be helpful and see that I leave a happy customer! Good service is always appreciated in my book!
3	I have been coming here mostly for ink for my inkjet printer.  Their prices are good considering it's OEM ink as compared to some of the refilled cartridges you can buy online for less.I have found the staff to be very helpful when I've been looking for other things and I have that lost look.I periodically get mailings with varying amounts off on purchases of a certain amount.  Parking is generally easy.  The only problem is getting in and out of Canyon Pointe.
