5	2 words... HOLY CRAP!! The pizza was AMAZING!!  As was the garlic cheese bread!!!  I got the Brooklyn Bomber (Pepperoni, Sausage, Meatball, Bacon, Ham and Garlic) pizza and my wife got the Veggie (Tomato, olives, Feta, and mushrooms) pizza.  Both were EXTREMELY good AND they weren't all icky greasy like many others pizza joints.  While we were there another customer came in and got the Chicken Shawarma Wrap with a side of Tzatziki that was freshly made.  He raved how good it was and how much he would be going back to try all the other stuff they had as well. WITHOUT QUESTION....we will be going back there!!  It's just a little hole in the wall pizza joint, but they have HUGE flavors and GREAT prices on their pizzas for all the ASU students!
5	FRESH FRESH FRESH!!  EVERYTHING IS FRESH!I spoke with the owner and he was telling me that he made his own pita bread as well.  The food was GREAT (as usual).  We had hummus, cheese bread, and a huge bowl of fresh Taziki sauce.  My wife ordered the Crispy Penne and added mushrooms, I had the Calzone with Pepperoni, Sausage, Meatball, Bacon, Ham and Garlic, and our friend with us had just a Pepperoni Calzone.  We rolled out of there stuffed with LOTS to take home!
5	Heading home last night... Jamie's was on the way home.. Got a quick Gyro and cheese bread!!  YUMMY!  I'm gonna have to move closer to this place :P
4	Just had lunch here for the first time.  I had the daily special which is 2 giant slices with one topping each and a fountain soda for 5 bucks.   Pizza was really good, soft and chewy NY style crust, not to much sauce and full of flavor.  The place is pretty tiny but they are adding a juice and gelato bar next door with a poker room.  The service was great, the guy at the counter was really friendly and genuinely concerned that we enjoyed our pizza.  The place itself is pretty cool, all of the walls have signatures/doodles of customers, chalkboard menus, and counter and a couple of tables inside.  There were also a few tables outside but not much to look at.  All in all, good food, great service and cool atmosphere for a pretty good price.  I will be going back.  Oh, and they deliver.  Bonus.
4	Very good! It comes in a very close 2nd. My 1st favorite is Gus's. :) The reason for 4 out of 5 is because it is extremely greasy, but I know real pizza is greasy, but Gus's isn't as greasy (plus I ordered all veggies on this pie.) I'll definatley order from them again!
5	Every time I have been to Jamie's, I have always had a great experience. The staff has always been so friendly to me.Their pizza is delicious and very flavorful. But my favorite thing to get there is their Lemon Garlic Chicken wrap. It's so full of flavor and juicy, sometimes one isn't enough.Jamie's has become my boyfriend and I's favorite place to go when we're looking for some late night eats. They offer everything from pizza to salads. So the next time you're looking for a place to eat late night, stop by Jamie's!
4	After searching for a late-night eatery I stumbled upon this place.  So instead of Denny's a couple of friends and I decided to check it out.  First impression is that it looks kind of ghetto from outside.  But at 2am that is typical so we ignored the aesthetics.  The menu was surprising as there were several options, more-so than other late-night spots.We each had a different sandwich/pita and being a big shawarma fan I knew instantly what I wanted.  The meat is not cooked on a rotisserie like I am used to but it was still tasty.  The sandwiches looked massive and delicious and was the consensus among the group.All-in-all it was a pleasant change from the typical burritos or diner food that one is limited to after midnight.  I will definitely be going back to try the pizza, but sadly I don't believe this place is good enough to make it a regular lunch or dinner spot.  The real reason this place gets 4 stars is because of it's hours.  Weekdays until midnight and 3:30am on the weekends makes for a nice alternative.
4	This is some very good pizza. Very small place but they produce a pretty fine pizza. I would go here again.
5	Yup.  The other reviews are dead on about this place.  Cheap, fast, locally owned, and freaking delicious.  Those who are looking to get their food on and are claustrophobic should be careful though, as the main restaurant area is smaller than some walk-in closets I've seen.  There is another section that is a new gelato and juice bar, but it wasn't open at 9p on a Sunday evening.In total we ordered a chicken parm sandwich, a turkey and provolone sub, some fries, and some of that fabled Leomade I've been hearing about.First things first, what the hell is up with that Leomade!  It was amazing.  I'm not a big leomade fan, but damn!  The chicken parm was really good too, it had an aftertaste that was almost sweet, and left me wanting more after my modest 6" sub was gone.Prices were great, especially for food at this caliber.  Fries were only two bucks, and a six inch sub will run you $4, almost as cheap as Subway and twice as good.Jamie's recipe for success is one part awesome food, one part reasonable prices, one part friendly servers who will joke around and make you feel at home, and one part mysterious leomade.  I'll certainly be seeing you guys again soon.
3	We went to Jamie's for lunch and had an OK experience.  Our kid did love the lemonade and the huge slices of cheese pizza.  Great price too.For the adults, we got garlic knots and they were delicious.  Really delicious.  The sandwiches were huge but of an average quality.  Too much bread and not enough meat+cheese.  The 3-star rating comes more from the service, which was very slow.  Our order took about 25 minutes and a woman came in behind us for a slice and they said it would be 20 minutes for that.  Just seems too slow for a lunch.  Our drinks took 15 minutes and that was only because we asked for them again.
3	It was alright, nothing to rave about. College Mobile Deals 83361 was running a 2 sandwiches for $5 deal with them so I decided to try it since the deal was good. We ordered 4 sandwiches and traded them between 3 people. The chicken parm tasted like a heated up frozen thing, classic italian was okay, and I forgot the other one but it was nothing to rave about either. For the $5 deal it was good, but there are definitely better late night eateries in Tempe.
5	I love this place!  I've only had the pizza and it is great!  Great prices and excellent service!
1	at least 2-3 times a week we order pizza and garlic knots at my tattoo shop... jamies pizza is consistently good.and quick delivery!  cheap too...cant go wrong.try the salami on a pie!  its amazing.ON oct 7th, after waiting on a 2hr delivery, paying 16 dollars, and getting the delivery screwed up and being served what looked like vomit in a box, i UNFORTUNATELY have to change this review to 1 star.
5	Omg no pizza, pita, and sub place will ever compare to jamies!!!! I seriously eat here like 3 times a week, which is bad because its not the healthiest lol. Jamie even knows me and my boyfriend and gives us a free drink every here and there :) MUST TRIES: Italian Sub (MY FAVORITE), Pepperoni Pizza, and the Lemon Garlic Chicken Pita!!!I promise these are the best of their kind!!!!!!!
3	11/29/10 and 12/13/112.5 starsVisited once (falafel pita and pizza) and ordered take-out (lamb pita).  Liked the pita bread and the veggies (though few) used, but the falafel portions were bland and dry.  Not even the extra garlic sauce and hummus (for which I had to twist their arms for) could add the flavor I was missing.  The pizza, while it looked good in the box, was also bland and VERY greasy!  I had one slice, threw away the cheese-barren parts, which didn't leave much to eat, and gave up due to seeing that huge  oil spill on the bottom of the box.  Brought the pie home and showed it to Mom and offered her some; She declined.  I tried toasting a few slices the next day, but by then, I could see that the pizza really didn't have much cheese on it, and the crust never crisped up in the toaster oven, no matter how long I kept the slices in there.  No wonder these pizzas are sold on the cheap!The lamb pita was actually pretty good!  I had low expectations since the first two products didn't deliver, but the lamb was actually quite nice-- tasty and not dry at all.  It actually was better than the lamb wrap I tried a few days later from the newly-opened branch of Pita Jungle at Scottsdale Fashion Square (oh, the lamb served there was HORRIBLE).  Hmm... well, I will say that we both liked it, and Mom has requested me to order it for her once more after.  Strange, though, that the last TWO requests for Jamie's lamb pita she asked of me, she quickly retracted, saying she changed her mind...  I should get her to tell me why the change of heart...I've wondered about their special Rosewater lemonade and their baklava, but every time I decide to try one, they've just run out.
4	I had a really good time here, despite being almost frozen to death. We came in somewhat late at night (1030) and we ordered a garlic feta cheese pizza. There were some other guys in there watching the Suns game that had gone into overtime. That pizza hit the spot, cheesy, gooey and the sauce was fabulous. The root beer out of the bottle was ice cold and it was just great to sit there and eat a pizza with the guys and watch the game. A definite must to hit up for late night pizza. Make your mark by drawing on the walls.
5	Jamie's Pizza and Pitas is a great local pizza place that serves up Pizzas the way they should be. None of this boutique stuff, true American style pizza with crust to die for. Not only are their pizzas off the chart but their pitas and subs are just as good. My favorite thing to do is order 2 slices and a drink for $5 on Sundays and watch football. My favorite pizza is their Manhattan with red sauce and chicken, but it's always a difficult choice because I love their Gyro's and their Turkey sub is amazing too. They are open late and deliver as well at competitive prices, huge selection, and huge pizzas.
5	I think its the best pizza I have had in a very long time... Awesome prices... Place has home made pizza dough, sauce, etc.  The dough was light but really tasty, fluffy with a nice touch of crisp.  My pizza was made to order and piping hot... Whats even cooler is thats its locally owned and operated.  After some questions about the "place"  I realized the gent who helped me make my selection on the menu, took my order, made the pie and finished the sale with a smile was in fact the owner himself.  Great Find!!!
5	Been a while since anyone reviewed Jamie's. We moved to Arizona over the summer. I'm not much for pizza (Husband is), but between my three jobs and school and his work and school, finding a good, quick pizza place has been on our minds.And boy, are we glad we found Jamie's.We haven't had them deliver; we live so close we just pick up, so this review speaks to their takeout pizza.This is good cheese, good sauce, good crust pizza. It falls into the "delivery/takeout pizza realm" so I'm rating it up against Domino's, Pizza Hut, and the like. It's well above any of those. It's no "wood-fired," "gourmet," hoity-toity pizza place. This is just good American takeout pizza.This place technically gets four-and-a-half stars in my book, but given that it is above and beyond any of the other chain-type places, I'm happy to rate it the full five stars.First of all, Jamie's is so inexpensive. For a place that seems to make its own crust, sauces, and dips, I was really floored by the price for the size and amount of pizza you get. Check their menu on their website. Totally impressive. Now, the prices might look pretty similar to other pizza places in the area, but look at the sizes--2 to 4" bigger for a buck less, at least. Score.Our first pizza from Jamie's was half-Manhattan, half pepperoni. Our second was half cheese, half pepperoni (we were feeling cheap, even though we really want to try some of their real specialties). The first time, we walked in and ordered. The guy who helped us--the owner, we believe, was friendly and funny in a highly East Coast way. We liked him! Our pizza came out crazy hot and was still amazing when we got it home. We called in the second time, and our pizza was ready right when they said it would be. For the money and for what you get, Jamie's is the best.The sauce is a true New York style sauce, says my husband who lived there for about a year. To me, it's a thick, rich, tomatoey sauce definitely made with a few canned products. But it's not premade pizza sauce--it tastes way too good to be. They seem to make their dipping sauces, too. The cheese they use isn't that awful fakey stuff that you get on a Little Caesar's. It's real cheese, and it's good.Now, I said I give this four and a half stars. I deduct the half star because when you get through the topped part of the pizza and hit the crust, the flavor ends there. The crust without the toppings is bland. It's nothing a little dipping sauce can't fix (they offer something like four or six options for just $0.25 each), but next time, I think we'll ask him to sprinkle it with garlic salt or something.Try the Manhattan. It's good. Ask whoever you talk to to add the fresh minced garlic on top of your pie, if you're a garlic lover like me. It makes their pizza even more rockin'. Give this place a go. It's worth it. They have desserts like baklava and Italian cinnamon buns too, and gyros and all sorts of other things (salads, etc.). Have yet to try them, but you can bet I will be in the future. Yum.
2	Jamie's is pretty good for the cost, but nothing particularly special. As per usual, the order was a pizza with pineapple, and arrived on time. We only asked for a medium, but the guy on the phone we ordered from said that he could give us a large for less because of a coupon or special that he had, which was pretty darn cool. Their pizza cheese had that soft texture that happens just before melting, with none of those little burn marks or bubbles like a lot of hot-cooked pizza. It wasn't heavily greasy, either. Their crust was pretty bland.Since we ordered delivery, I have no idea about how the location itself is, but there is a drawing of the location on the box that helps give it that homemade vibe, and I kind of like that.
5	Jamie's is fantastic! Pretty fast, locally owned, and really cheap. Their calzones are huge and delicious, and the same goes for their pizzas! They've messed up my order once or twice, but they're really nice about fixing it and giving me the messed-up order for free. Highly recommend it!
3	My son and I had lunch here today, we had the Manhattan pizza. Flavor was good but nothing special. Above average for a little neighborhood pizza place. Service was also a little better than expected. The guy behind the counter was very polite and attentive.
5	Best pizza in Phoenix. Perfect saltiness. Perfect flaky crust. Perfect amount of cheese, and the perfect, flavorful sauce. And one of the most awesome things about this place is the reasonable prices. My wife and I went here and got a house salad, a 16" pizza, two sodas, and garlic knots and paid only $28.  We totally recommend the brie pizza!!  Are we heading back?  Uhhh... yeah! We know the place has been recently purchased, and there's writing on the walls and ceiling, but don't let it throw you off... The food is wonderful, and the staff is great :)
1	If this is the best pizza in Phoenix, I weep for Phoenix. The worst food experience I can remember. Terrible service, even worse food.I ordered pizza, salad, and baklava for delivery to my hotel. The person who answered the phone was incredibly slow and a bit confused. It took forever to complete the order and I had to repeat myself several times. When the time came to give him my credit card number, I almost balked. Sadly, my hunger overcame my better judgment. The food arrived on time, but I had to hunt down my own fork. Apparently, they didn't think to provide a fork with the salad. They also didn't bring me a copy of the receipt. Still, I tend to put up with a lot if the food is good. Unfortunately, it wasn't. The pizza was super-salty and pretty flavorless. I would describe it as "gummy." The salad had an off-flavor; I don't even know how to describe it, but it was a flavor that salad shouldn't have. I should have just stopped there, but I decided to try the baklava. My mistake. It was small, soggy and tasted like paper soaked in butter. The only good think I have to say about this experience is that the delivery guy brought the food right to my room instead of calling from the lobby and making me come down to get it. But every other aspect of this meal was entirely regrettable.
1	Unbelievably slow! There were 2 people waiting outside & 4 inside all waiting on food. After waiting 5 minutes @ counter I finally got someone to come take my order, 2 slices & a drink, "grab & go special". No truth to the name. Waited 15 more minutes for slices. When I left, guy outside was coming in to cancel his order. Lady he was with already had eaten & he still didn't have his sub. Also I ordered to go but they gave it to me on a plate not in a box. Definitely wouldn't go back.
1	WORST PIZZA EVER. really bad food. terrible service.
3	Pretty good pizza, but bizarrely incompetent service. I placed a pick-up order. The oddly uncommunicative person answering the phone told me it would be 45 minutes. 40 minutes later, I arrive, and I'm informed that apparently the shop sent my pizza out on a delivery, but they got it back, and they're glad I'm here so it wasn't wasted, because they had no idea whose it was. Now, if it had enough time to go out on a delivery, it must have been ready way before I got there, and sure enough it was far from hot. Uncommunicative guy from the phone was also the (only?) person behind the counter, where he was just as uncommunicative. Additionally, what they call a large is considerably smaller than you might expect, though the price is quite reasonable for what they give you. The pizza itself was good, with fresh toppings and a good crust, though a bit salty and the cheese portion wasn't terribly generous. Overall, I've had better, but until I've tried out more Tempe pizza places I reserve judgment on whether I can recommend it as worth putting up with the poor service.
5	Friend told me about this place and I'm glad he did!!! We ordered a pizza, wings, and a chicken parmesan sub. The sauce, meatballs, and crust were so delicious. The wings were awesome... Had a hint of sweetness at the end(mmmmm). The chicken in that sub.... Holy crap!!! It was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!!! I know where I'm ordering my pizza from now. Can't wait to try other things from this place.
5	Owner's are very friendly and kind. Went in there a few weeks ago to get a pita and salad which was fresh.  As I was waiting for the food I ended up trying a slice of the BBQ chicken pizza, simply amazing. The bbq sauce is homemade and gives it a unique taste.
5	Amazing pizza.  Always fresh ingredients.  I eat it for lunch and get it delivered to campus late night.We ordered a ton of sandwiches for a pool party and they were a hit!  Especially the philly!  It is the best hangover cure in town!Delivery is pretty fast, haven't had any problems.
4	Being from NY I would say I know a bit about NY style pizza. I was glad to find this place and have ate there numerous times. Usually the pizza is fantastic and I would give it 5 stars but one night I was talking about how good it was and me and a couple of my friends ordered 2 huge pizzas from there. I don't know whether the cook that was on screwed up or whatever but it was terrible and I got a proper chewing out from my friends who questioned my taste in pizza, that was quite embarrassing. I would say out of the 10 times I have had pizza there, twice they were bad so I give it 4 stars. One day I hope my friends will trust me to take care of the pizza order again.
4	First...I'm from Chicago...pizza is an art that few places can even come close to matching. The service here IS indeed a little slow and lack-luster...then again, so is most everything in this area of Tempe. I came in with my two step sons, and my guy. They can be a well-mannered handful, so we took them to a casual place that would fit their need for a bit of structured freedom. The place was a filled with non-restaurant equipment...messy even. We ordered a large pizza for the kids, an italian beef for him, and a fish sandwich for me. Even though it took a bit of time to roll the handmade dough, dress and cook the pie...IT WAS SOOOOOO WORTH THE WAIT!!!The kids DEMOLISHED the pizza, and my hunny POLISHED off the sandwich with ease. The cheese was that right kind of gooey, and the flaky crust melted against my tongue. We ended up ordering a pie to go! The pie to go was easy to reheat in the hotel's microwave and was just as tasty! The variety was great...and at the end, what I thought was a 2 star place won me over in a HUGE way!! No matter where I stay in Arizona, I will always make my way over to see Mike at Jamie's pizza!
1	Jamie's pizza could quite possibly be the absolute worst pizza in AZ maybe the world. The service was terrible and the place looked disgusting, I wouldn't recommend even walking in let alone eating there. The pizza was being made by the owner and he had no business even being in a kitchen. After having a bite of pizza I instantly began to feel nauseated. This place should be shutdown immediately for the safety of the general public.I could see in the kitchen while I waited for my food and everything looked to be in shambles. The owner looked like he had just crawled out of a trash can and came to work, which now thinking back made complete sense. I award this so called eating establishment no points and may god have no mercy on whom ever decided to open this place. I would not wish this god awful food on anyone, not even my worst enemy. If you are a fan of pizza or even just good food in general steer clear of Jamie's pizza. I don't believe I have the option to give zero stars but if I could I would have given it negative 5 stars. Two words accurately describe this place ABSOLUTELY GROSS!
4	Decided to try this place on Thursday at lunch. First impression when I walked in was: definate take out place. The little lobby was a few high top tables here and there. They have a side eating area what it looked like it had a photo shoot area setup in the back corner. But was was really weird was the barbershop chair as soon as you turn the corner. That was kind of nasty, so i didnt go over there. I order the lunch special 2 slices and a drink for $4.95.  I will hand it to them, the pizza really tasted good. The dough made the pizza. I ended up order two more slices to go. If the through a bit more effort into the decoration of the place it would feel really welcoming. Tempe has a lot of hungry students and they could attracted more business just by giving some attention. They had a large screen TV display a windows webpage of the stock exchange. Turn that to ESPN or something else and you pack the house for lunch. Stocks...really? C'mon man. Ill give a 4 star for the food.But if i could rate the look and feel. Id give a 2
3	Original Review - One Star - See bottom of review for updated review per owner requestOrdered at 10:24pm, was quoted 45-60 minutes. Call back 70 minutes later and was given a quick "one more minute". Twenty minutes later no one is answering the phone and my food has yet to arrive. Midnight rolls by and I'm realize I'll be tired in my 9am class thanks to Jamie's for blowing my delivery off. Off to another place who will deliver my food.Updated Review - Pizza is pretty good. I've been here several times since my original review and enjoyed myself. The food might be deserving of 4 stars but prior experience as noted above limits my overall opinion at this time. I'll try and check back in with a more useful review in the summer.
5	The best white pizza I have in Arizona hands down! I love to get take it or eat in at this restaurant.  Prices are very reasonable.
3	I need to update my previous review. Not sure what happened, but they've gone downhill. It's like a different place. They went from being awesome to unreliable.
4	Jamie's pizza is really good! Love their crust and the cheese they use. Haven't had anything other than pizza there, but have heard the other food is yummy too from friends who have ordered it.
1	This place is a joke. It took almost two hours for my pizza to be delivered, and the guy has to say is "sorry." I gave this place the benefit of the doubt though, and figured it was the drivers fault. Wrong. The next time I ordered food I went to pick it up ( and quickly, I felt like my life was in danger being in that dump), I made the fateful mistake of not checking if my order was right. Once again, I was wrong. Since then I have thought twice about going here and although the food isn't terrible for the price, the service and management is among the worst in tempe. I seriously wonder how this place is in business with this much apathy behind the counter. There is no offer to make things right, and no apologies or attempts to keep you as a customer, only tweedle dumbs blank stare at you. I predict that if this place doesn't start working on their customer service, they're done for.
1	Foods ok but there delivery sucks. I waited an hour then called they said my order was on its way. Finally after an hour and forty five minutes I canceled my order. This place has gone downhill from six months ago. By the way no compensation for there incredibly long delivery. All the manager had to say was sorry nothing I can do. This place is a joke!
1	So almost every day I see someone flipping a sign on Rural for Jamie's Pizza and Pitas, so I decided it was time to try it.I ordered the Chicken Shawarma pita and French Fries.The Chicken Shawarma was awful. The chicken did not taste anything like any shawarma I have ever had (bad thing) and the hummus was "powdery" and equally as bad.Then the french fries we salty but with no flavor, and hard with no crunch. Needed ketchup to be edible.0/5.Never coming back.
1	If only I had read Daniel S.'s post earlier, I would have run far, far away. I ordered the Chicken Shawarma (which comes with a side of hummus), fries and also an extra order of hummus (I love hummus). The shawarma was not shawarma, but it at least didn't taste awful. The hummus that came with it was disgusting however, and so I'm not incredibly upset that they failed to deliver my side order of hummus, except for the fact that it cost $6, which I will never see again. If, in fact, they combined the two portions of hummus I was supposed to receive into one container, then it is the most  tremendous ripoff, as the container was only a half cup in size. A half cup of grainy, nasty tasting, inedible "hummus" that I threw out immediately.The fries were a travesty. They do provide a big portion of them, but they're thin and too crispy, and a majority of them are a very sickly color of green. I realize that happens with potatoes, but I'm pretty sure you shouldn't have to sort your fries into two piles: one small pile of normal, meh fries, and another, larger pile of fries that are inedible by their color alone.I feel gross, although the food hasn't made me ill (yet), so I guess that's a positive?
1	Overpriced, delivery took an eternity, pizza was half smashed, wings tasted like they were days old and not even remotely close to being edible.  too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.  Skip it.
4	We have been using Jamie's for our Corporate meetings for about 3 years now.  Great taste and rapid delivery service.  They say they open at 11 AM, but don't usually answer the phone at that time.  So sometimes I have to call back 2-3 times.  But sometimes they'll call me back after seeing my number on the caller ID.  I am very happy with them and will continue to give them business each month.
