1	Good deal but at a Cost... I Recently bought a car from them and everything at first seemed great. On the drive home the car started to misfire greatly. I took it back the next day and they had a mechanic look at it and determined it needed spark plugs and a new ignition coil. Than they asked me if I wanted to split the cost of the repair, This was the start of the problems. They did finally agree to pay for the repairs and I thought everything was fine. A month or so later I get a call saying I needed to take the car in for emissions. The car is a 2011 and is exempt from emissions, After telling them this they said they would take the paperwork in and call if there were any issues. I never received a phone call nor my license plate. It has been over a week now and Bill has not returned any of my 4+ phone calls. I am very disappointed to say the least.
5	I recently purchased a Dodge Charger from Greenlight Auto and I couldn't be happier with the customer service I received.  Bill and his salesman Cody where more then helpful throughout the entire process.  Great place, great car selection and they are definitely a customer first place. I refer everyone I know to go try them out.
5	I had the good fortune of meeting Bill and Cody when I needed a car and I couldn't be happier! They were honest (refreshing in the used car business) and genuinely cared about me and my auto needs. They also found a way to finance my purchase (even though my credit has not been the best lately). If you want a fair deal and to be treated with respect, this is your place!
5	I purchased my 2012 Kia Soul 3 weeks from Greenlight and I couldn't have been happier. Cody and Spencer were very helpful with the test drive and answered all my questions. The owner Bill was very polite and understanding. I love my little car! Thanks a bunch guys! You are awesome!
5	These guys were amazing, super friendly family business.  I would highly recommend them to anyone
5	Just recently went up ti visit the lot in the hunt of a reliable, and decently fast car. I ended up spotting a beautiful Mustang they had. Upon inspection, the car was very clean and kept in good shape. Other than a light rain from earlier that day, everything was in shape. We meet up, and they were extremely friendly! They made the test drive seem fun, while keeping it professional. The paperwork took a bit, but overall shorter than most other locations I've been at. Our entire experience there was awesome and friendly! The car drove back home with no problems, and hasn't experienced one at all. I really recommend GreenLight Auto Sales!
1	Drove up from Fort Huachuca AZ as this is what I thought was a great deal on a used truck (2003 Chevrolet Avalanche)  I called Jason ahead of time asked for pictures which he had no problem sending me by email asked if the truck leaked fluid or if there was anything of interest I should know about and I asked him to be honest as I am not mechanically inclined and was willing to fix small things.  But I got "the truck is great no problems". So I drove up to Pheonix and they had the truck ready and paperwork ready to have me out the door in minutes (who wouldn't if you knew you had a sale in the bag).  Brought the truck home (3 hour drive), it drove horrible, I figured it needed wheels balanced considering it did have 4 different tires that they scrapped up to sell the truck.  Before I did leave I noticed one tire low at the dealer and asked them to put air in it even though I coudn't see a nail.  When I got home and thoroughly inspected the tire to find a slice on the inner sidewall.  Upon further inspection the truck had the same size tires but they had LT tires mixed with Passenger tires.  Didn't stop there, threw a CEL on the way home for running lean.  All in all to square this truck away I spent over $1500 in parts not including labor which would have been well over 3K.  To clear the CEL I had to replace intake gasket (leaking which created vacuum and threw CEL), had stock plugs and wires with 167K miles, so had to replace those, had to replace shocks on every corner as it had stock shocks on it still, I had to flush all the fluids from the brakes to the coolant and the reservoirs as they were all still stock fluids and nasty, a back window went down but wouldn't go up so I had to replace the regulator,  I had great AC on the way home a week later it wouldn't blow any cold air so they refilled freon knowing it would leak out, the CD player in the radio doesn't work and the interior lights flicker (I believe it to be a bad dimmer switch) unfortunately bought the truck during the day and didn't drive it at night until days later noticing. Now that time has passed I noticed drips appearing under the oil pan come to find out the truck has a shot rear main seal which was cleaned prior to taking the pictures. Upon fixing a majority of this I finally called Jason back to ask if they could help at all with the tires since they sold me a sliced tire knowing I would drive three hours back home and it was due to blow out at anytime.  I kept getting "I will get back with you", or "hes not in can I take a message?", but I never received a call back so I finally gave them one last call and he informed me he wouldn't warranty the tire even though it left the dealership like that.  I warn everyone that how this Dealer works is they buy the vehicle at a discounted price and temporary fix any problems with the vehicle, just enough to pass the test drive and 15 day 500 mile AZ requirement.  They will not warranty a thing on this vehicle even though they know it has problems.  I got it the truck had problems but trying to hide it and lying to me and not returning my calls was borderline crooked.  So please be warned!
1	1 Day from temporary tag expiration so called DMV and they said the dealer has yet to process the tags.
