5	For all of you hard core first generation filipinos that grew up on your mom's home cooked meals that you crave and cannot get anywhere unless you decide you want to cook for two hours...come to Nanay Gloria's!  (Mama Gloria's)This place is a filipino buffet...just the way things are served at my family 'get-togethers';  there is a lot of food, it's always buffet style because we don't limit the food that's given to company...ever, and you cannot stop eating because the food is so good!Seriously!  The food here is cooked as if I were at my mom's house and I lifted the pot lids to see what was cooking.  My mom always made food from fresh ingredients, never cooked from a recipe.This next part may sound foreign and yeah, it is. I won't try to explain what these dishes are, just look at the picture! At this buffet, there is tinapa, pancit, pakbet, lichon paksiw, sago, and halo-halo.  You may have had to acquire a taste to these dishes to appreciate them, but nonetheless it's worth trying if you've never had filipino food. Wow!  I'm having visions of big spoons and forks hung over the dining table with a portrait of the last supper in black velvet texture!Oh, and never mind the atmosphere - it's a dive and it's great!  You'll get the latest episode of filipino soap operas and can read the latest filipino newspaper that you see the same people in all the time.$7 all you can eat buffet!  You can also take-out by pints and quarts at very reasonable prices.Mabuhay!
4	the food here is delicious and cheap for a buffet.unfortunately, i had to take off one star.one star taken off because of the dining arrangement in the restaurant. it is very difficult to get a seat in there on a busy day because it's such a small space. also, if you are with a large group, you might have to end up sitting at separate tables or trying to cram about 6 people on the table in front of the buffet table where the kare kare is.so even though its the whole seating thing that sucks, i'll still go there for the amazing filipino food and tfc on the tv.
4	Nanay Gloria's has good Filipino food for a fairly decent price.It's nice to see a Filipino buffet with the traditional Filipino meals such as kare kare (peanut butter beef stew), longanisa (Filipino sausage), beef steak with onions and lechon (fried pork). For dessert they sometimes will have the Ginataan (a Filipino sweet soup dessert made with coconut milk) Yum! This dessert itself is enough reason on why to go here. For all you health conscious fanatics out there hehe..Nanay Gloria's has added an all you can eat fruit bar too =)As an added bonus, the people that work here are really nice and friendly.
4	So I just came home from a weekend in the ever so exciting and mind blowing city of LAS VEGAS.. This past weekend was my "first" time in Vegas. Let me tell you this, I had the worst time ever, worst weekend ever and even bigger headaches. After arriving Friday night and all plans going down the gutter and spending ALL night and morning looking for a place to stay (damn MTV VMA's) I finally got some sleep... Woke up at 12pm Saturday and my friends suggested to go to "Nanay Gloria's"...As soon as I arrived at Nanay Gloria's.. For some reason, all the pain in my head went away... The smell of fresh rice, the tuyo and the ever so delicious longanisa just put me in complete contempt. I felt like I was back at home in my dinning room eating my Mom's home-cooked meal. $5.99 for ALL YOU CAN EAT filipino food is a huge bargain.. Not JUST a bargain but a steal.. The food they serve is great quality and straight out of the kitchen. I didn't see any flies around nor any type of bugs.. And usually, going to a filipino or ethnic restaurant you see this. The place was moderately clean even with so many ppl coming in and out. The food was delicious... I went into Nanay Gloria's with 11 of my friends and we completely OWNED the place up. I highly suggest everyone to go here, especially if your feeling maybe a little home sick and things are going the way you planned it in Vegas, this is the remedy. OH!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! I almost forgot, whatever you do, try the Cantaloupe juice drink! I can't even describe its amazing taste, I haven't had that good of a cantaloupe drink ever since i was a little boy with my bowl haircut in Philippines.Only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star cause of its venue of course, it was a decent venue but I've been to better looking ones.
4	This is a staple every time I go back to Vegas.  I really enjoy the food and love the prices.  I usually try to go at the tail end of breakfast because they'll start bringing out the lunch trays, and I get the best of both worlds.The place is small.  The decor is minimal.  It's in a mini-mall (but everything is in a mini-mall in Vegas).  But, again, the food is so good that those things shouldn't matter.Be warned: make sure you know Filipino food because it'll make the experience that much better.  Don't get me wrong.  You'll still get a good meal if you don't know.  It's just a matter of appreciating what you're getting.when you have two aces, go all yelp
4	living in texas, i miss the convenience of great filipino food. there is something comforting about pancit, white rice and lechon. i get my fix every time i visit las vegas at nanay gloria's. my only suggestion is to get there early to get all the good stuff.  also, try the young mango with patis!
5	Excellent value for the price. Probably the best way to introduce Filipino food to people. The selection is big and the price can't be beat....
4	A woman at a local car rental place said that this was supposed to be one of the best in town and she was right - it was excellent.Didn't have time to eat there, so got mongo beans and lechon to go. I'm probably the only person who was eating filipino food at the Valley of Fire State Park that day. It was GOOD. Crispy pork skin goodness. Lots of pork and bittermelon in the mongo. Yummy. It was hard to decide on just 2 things for combo takeout. Everything looked good.It was full of people eating in groups. A good sign. Wish there was a place like that in Seattle. (Good quality, homemade-style Filipino food and lots of it.) For the price, it can't be beat.
4	out the three filipino restaurants i've tried in vegas, nanay has to be the best. this place is small, so it can get crowded which was the case when i came here for the lunch buffet.they offered a large variety of filipino dishes...all freshly made.  loved the baby squid dish and the longinasa (a sweet sausage)...didn't see the lechon as others have mentioned, but will definitely have to go back to try it next time...and also the halo-halo.  the only item i didn't like was the fried plaintain (not part of the buffet)...nothing specialoverall, great price for really good food...a keeper
2	I had a tip from my Filipino friend in San Francisco to go here for some good Flip food.  We found it and tried it.  I am a big fan of Filipino food, even though it can be greasy.  My favorite dishes are sigsig, bistek, and pata.  Pros:  Buffet style.  Lots of Variety.  Two dishes stood out - the pata and the beef curry dish.  Cons:  I only liked 2 out of the 10+ dishes I tried.I guess this is Filipino fast food and connot compare to the likes of Ong Pin in Daly City, CA
4	Whenever im in Las Vegas watching Manny Pacquaio kicking someones @$$, I always take the time to stop by good ole' Glorias Filipino Fast food, me and Gloria are on a first name basis. $7 all you can eat buffet, who can beat that especially in this terrible economy. Sometimes ill get lucky and theyll have Kari Kari, my favorite Filipino dish. I wish I could find a Pinay in the U.S. that could cook that, I would marry her in a heartbeat. Too bad alot of them born and raised in the U.S. arent into cooking. Anyways, enough about my personal desires. Anyone looking to fill their tummies with good old Nanay style cooking for a reasonable price should definitely go to Nanay Glorias. Its Talagang SarapBy the way, if anyone knows of a beautiful pinay or latina (im attracted to both) single female, no kids, never been married, outgoing, down to earth, within the age of 30-25 who can cook Kari Kari, please feel free to message me. Okay, Ill stop with the personal ads.
5	Every dish I tried at Nanay Gloria's was extremely good. Since I tasted just about everything and I do not know names of many of the dishes, I am not going to review each one. Every dish was equally tasty. Everything tastes homemade. YUMMY!!!I think this place has became my go to restaurant for Filipino food in Las Vegas. I would suggest anyone to give it a try. I promise you will not be disappointed. Did I forget to mention? It is a buffet!!! For two people, I paid $15.06. What a deal?!?!Thank god I found a Filipino restaurant I love!
5	All dishes are exceptionally good. Very affordable prices. Buffet style with plenty of selections. I used to go here a few times a week, that's how good they are..
3	Buffet is abundant in Las Vegas, but a filipino food buffet?  Well here is one.  It is a hole in the wall, but there is plenty of good food.  There is so much dishes and actually well prepared with good flavors.  It's only 6.99 per person and with all that food it is definitely worth it and a must try.  I am from California and I am used to the 2 or three item combos.  But this is great especially if for a small price you want to try many dishes you haven't tried before.  You just serve yourself and you pay at the end of your meal.  How great is that?
4	came here in apr 09 and just now getting around to review this place.  usually when i hit cali or vegas, i go to dj's but my friend recommended going here instead. was a little hesitant at first cuz it was right before dinnertime 4pm, parking lot was empty, and the restaurant had one patron. so my thought was the food was leftover from lunch sitting around and not replenished.  i was definitely won over. the price was good, the food was quite good, and the buffet style AYCE was very, very good.  all my favorites were here mungo, pinakbit, taro leaves in coconut milk, singigang, pusit, and fried tilapia.  dessert they had cut up fruit which i didn't have any cuz i was too darn full! they have other desserts like suman and cassava for purchase.  i will be back nanay Gloria. you can count on it as much as I count on the quality of your tasty entrees!
1	My first time trying this filipino restaurant in las vegas. HORRIBLE!i would not come here ever again. The beef mechado was hard, the pancit looked like it has been sitting under the sun and the look on it was soggy and to top it off, didnt have much flavor to it. The Beef Steak was dry and meat was a bit hard, the melon drink had no kind of flavor.I mean i can go on FOREVER with this place.Its not an AUTHENTIC FILIPINO restaurant, if that's what you're looking for. You're better off going to Pinoy, Pinay on E. Sahara if this was the case. for $6.99 i guess that's the food that you will be paying for. Not recommended at all!
4	Great place to eat. Food is awesome especially the bicol express and fried chicken skin..........all you can eat...........heart attack.  A lot to choose from and food is really good. Well worth the 7.99. Will go again when i visit Las vegas again.
4	Yes another Filipino Food Buffet.Yes we ate a buffet with food we could have had here at home in SD.Yes WOWOWEE was on the tv and we watched while we ate.Yes, I know, why do all that in Vegas?Don't judge me.Food was good! You know why? Because they had SISIG!! Spicy too!! YUM!
3	This review might not make a lot of sense to anyone that knows filipino food, because I was pretty much a lost lamb in here. Actually more like a pretty tall white girl who had no idea what she was eating. The buffet for 6.99 is a steal so points there for sure. I tried pretty much everything they had out when I went in for a late lunch. I tried a bright yellow curry looking dish that I thought would be fish but turned out was tripe. It was pretty good. Pretty sure I got the lechon as well...definitely knew I wasn't on a diet at that point. Also some sort of pork stew was really good. This spot is like going to grandma's house. Good food and lots of it in a really laid back environment. Will definitely have to return with some filipinos so I can get schooled :)
3	I enjoy the lumpia and pancit. Each year we have a roasted pig at our Holiday potluck at work. It's always tasty.
3	Great filipino food at reasonable prices.  I love filipino food and wanted something that reminded me of home a few days ago.  This is a great place to grab some authentic cuisine when you're on the go or in for lunch. The food is, of course, displayed buffet style in the front, and you choose what you want to eat.  I suggest the fried pork belly and adobo.  They change it up once in awhile, too, so you have to stop in to see what is served for the day.  Overall, the food is great and I love their adobo a lot!Tip: they sell some filipino snacks on the side if you're looking for sticky rice or those powdery cookies.
5	There is one thing in life that I love, which are Vintage Fashion, House Music, Yoga, amazing food and especially all you can eat buffets! 5 Stars to Nanay Gloria for quality & price. It is a small venue and tables are limited and full.  However, Filipinos love to share so Ninongs, Tatay's and Nanay's will share their table with you.$7 for all you can eat at Nanay Gloria's....Girl vs Food says let's go!!!
5	When I'm in Vegas, I usually eat what is close by and it's usually a buffet.  There are times when you want to eat something else and this place is it.  Food is awesome, they always refill when it runs out and if you stay long enough, they may put something new in the buffet lineup.  Did I mention this place is C H E A P!  On the strip, you will pay $25 to $30 min right?  I barely spent $10 here.  If you like the best Filipino Buffet in town, go here and don't forget to Yelp it!  Also, get ready for a packed place, it is very small here.
5	Best Filipino food in Las Vegas!! Price is great! Only $6.99 per person and it is all you can eat buffet style!! Go there anytime after noon and before 7pm. They are constantly putting out new food! The place is small but totally worth the wait!My favorite dish is the lechon/pork sisig!!
4	Nanay Gloria's has really turned me on to Filipino food.  Walking into this small buffet style restaurant makes me feel as though I'm in the Pillipines..! It's hot and humid in there and there is a television on the wall streaming either a soap opera or "wow-wow-wee" (a game show).  Good ol' filipino comfort foods such chicken adobo, sinigang, fried mackerels, and other braised meats and veg.  The look of it all is not so appealing but once you get a taste, there's so much flavor and depth to each dish, not to mention a lot of fatty goodness.  If you're lucky you'll find lechon or sisig, a filipino delicacy of crispy fried pork belly.  The day to day offerings at Nanay Gloria's varies but that is what makes it exciting. Every now and then they will have Ta-ho... a soft tofu desert with brown syrup and black tapioca balls. My favorite..Nanay Gloria's is what filipino food is all about...
4	Very small and very busy at lunch time but well worth the wait. I'm a halfie but look white so I get stared at while getting my grub on but I'm used to it.  Delicious!!!
4	Pssh...I thought the best Filipino Food was in Daly City.  But damn you Las Vegas, Nanay Gloria's serves up some real good food!  Not to mention, it's the only Filipino business I've ever been to where the TV was tuned to Jerry Springer and not TFC/GMA.  Whoa!Tried out Nanay Gloria's infamous $6.99 buffet and I gotta say, it was so worth it.  They had about 12-14 items on the buffet and what was cool is that if something ran out, which hopefully wasn't your favorite item, they'd put something new on the buffet.  There were a few items I didn't try mostly because I couldn't identify but, the food was super good.Kare-Kare - If you're lucky enough to get some meat pieces, it's way delicious.Lechon Kawali - Cholesterol at it's finest.  Cooked perfectly and was crispy.Pancit - There were two versions of pancit the whole time we were there, the darker version tasted much better.Caldareta - The beef could've been a little more tender but the sauce was yummy and had the right amount of sweetness.Afritada - So damn good!!When we were about done, they brought out the Empanadas which cost extra but if I wasn't full, I would've definitely tried one out.Here are a few tips before visiting Nanay:-They work on an honor system.  So, grab a plate near the cashier and serve yourself.  You'll pay when you're done.-Sodas are in the very back.  Yes, they have Sarsi as well.  Again, you'll pay when you're done.-It gets crowded and can be a little hard to maneuver around.  So, if Tita Baby elbows you, let her, she's hungry and so are you...so blow it off.
3	Good food - not as good as my Mom's but it will do.
2	Visited Nanay Gloria's for the first time two weeks ago and was first surprised at how many different entrees there were to choose from! It's sad to say but I don't know my Filipino dishes aside from the typical ones you see at Filipino family parties and the ones you know by only looking at rather than taste. This was the case the day I was at Nanay Gloria's. I took only the pancit, lechon, and after searched high and low for sisig, since that is almost always to be found at Filipino all-you-can-eats but sadly, I found none.. until one of the very friendly workers behind the counter offered me the last of the sisig. Apparently they keep the sisig in one of those to go containers? Anyway, I was happy and excited to try the sisig since it looked pretty appealing but I was disappointed. My first reaction was why in the world was the sisig chewy and when my dad tasted a piece, he said it was lechon sisig? Idk but that was definitely not my cup of tea. The pancit and actual lechon were so-so. After engaging in some conversation between meals, I noticed one of the workers put out a steaming tray of ginataan. I quickly filled a bowl for each of my family members and myself and I'm pretty sure we all had the same look on our faces after the first spoonful. The ginataan was SO sweet that it did not even taste like ginataan.Overall, this place is okay - the atmosphere is nothing special and I noticed they had some show on GMA playing on their TV. Sorry Nanay Gloria, your price of $6.99 is good but I've eaten at better Filipino all-you-can-eats and.. I'm team TFC Kapamilya.
4	Masarap ang lutong ni Nanay Gloria! (Nanay Gloria's cooking is good). The food was pretty decent and nicely flavored. We were surprised at the selection- we were expecting to have maybe half the choices offered.From what I recall there was- mungo (mungbean with bittermelon and pork), - pretty okay, but I make it better since mine is very meaty/savorypaksiw baboy (pork slices in a sweet soy sauce), * - BF loved this. Sweet, sticky, but nice flavors. ginesang pusit (sauteed squid w/ chilies, and bellpepper), *- I really liked this. Right on with the flavors.pancit (thin glass noodles),- was okay sisig (chopped pork with vinegar, chilies and onion), *- made with the lechon kawali, lots of chilies, added more vinegar for a kickginetaang baboy (pork in coconut &shrimp paste sauce), *- this was good. I love coconut milk based disheslechon kawali (crispy fried or roasted pork belly), - good, crispy. Like always, big layer of fat, but at least you can pick it off it you're not a fat lover. lengua estofada (beef tongue slices in a tomato soy sauce)* - the tongue was really soft, but I like how they kept them in thick slices to keep it juicy inside. The sauce was good, but I scraped a lot off since I like tasting more of the lengua flavorafritada manok (chicken in a tomato sauce- has bellpepper, potatoes, carrot),- I didn't tryginisang (squash, shrimps, green beans, bittermelon sautee)- grabbed only some green beans, okayginisang ampalaya (bittermelon sauteed with eggs)- didnt tryseafood ginetaang (mixed seafood in coconut milk)- didnt trydiniguan (pork cooked in it's blood and spices)*- pretty decent for the standard style of doing diniguan. I do it in a different style which no restaurant makes and I feel is tons betterpalabok (thick rice noodles in a sortve "gravy" sauce)- mushy, didnt likepork afritada (pork tomato sauce stew- has peas, potatoes, hotdog, bellpeppers)- had a small bite only, decentNilaga Baka (beef broth soup with chunks of beef and veggies like bokchoy, cabbage, potato)- didn't havekaldereta (beef stew)- pretty decent, but a bit more oily than I make itkare kare (oxtail, tripe, eggplants and green beans in a thick peanut sauce)- no oxtails to be found, way too oily, but the tripe was nice in it.beef steak (sliced beef and onions in soy sauce)- this was okay...it was straight soy...lacking that signature sauce lemony/soy/beefy flavor fried salmon- didnt tryfried bangus/milkfish*- pretty good! my favorite fish and it was fresh. pata na paksiw (pork leg/hocks cooked in soy and banana flowers)- didnt try, I dont really like the fatty leg rimsginetang (warm coconut milk dessert with sweet yams and tapioca)- too full to have dessertbanana que (bananas fried with sugar) - too full to have dessertfresh fruit bar- watermelon, oranges, pineapple, etc. - looked freshThe * are some of our favorites. BF really loved the paksiw- tender and nice flavor, I love the lengua the best. There are some extras you can buy but we were hella full to grab them. They have chicken empanadas, crispy pata (deep fried pork leg), sweets like polvoron (powdered milk "cookie"), pastillas (chewy milk candies), cashew tarts, tamarind candy, turon (fried banana and jackfruit "eggroll" cooked with a coating of sugar on the wrapper), kuchinta (steamed rice cake), pichi-pichi (rice and cassava cake rolled in grated coconut).  BTW- they are CASH ONLY. Lucky I had cash today, I normally don't roll with much more than a few bucks for tips and my cards. Simply put- compared to the Filipino a-la-carte places nearby, this is better in terms of quality and flavor and freshness (they have decent traffic so it doesn't sit forever). Add in the kicker that you can eat all you want for $7!. Some items were a miss like the palabok was mushy, but most were decent to good, spot on flavors. I can't complain since I can pick and choose what I want to eat and can skip out on the a-ok items and pig on the things I love. Yes, there's a bit of fat, a bit of grease, but nothing that you can't scoop out. It's kinda part of the culture...Flipinos enjoy their fat. It's not  really more than say other greasy cuisines like diner food, chinese, soul food, etc.. It's why I don't eat out all the time though is so I can savor these when I do decide to eat something greasy and homey.  I think that's partly why MY mother's food is best to me- she tends to buy only higher end, leaner meats, but cooks with all the love and flavor. I got used to my moms health conscious, yet still flavorful Filipino, but she's no where close so I'll take something 2nd best to moms cooking....specially since I don't cook my own cultures food on a regular at home (for shame, I know and I call myself a "cook"). Will definitely be back!
3	Great price! Especially for those that have gambled away all their money and looking for a lot of food for very cheap. Not walking distance from the strip but close enough where you won't miss the Casinos that much. Only $6.99 per person, all you can eat, buffet style. They are always changing up their menus so do come back if you enjoy descent Filipino food. I'm not a big fan but it gets the job done.
4	Want filippino food. This place can serve the whole family... It's all you can eat & there's plenty of selections. Make sure to use a new plate when going back for seconds, they like it that way.
4	let's be honest here folks, for a $6.99 Filipino buffet this will definitely do...I read a lot of reviews who are just neat picking as if they were expecting fine dining quality...come on cheapskates, spend the bucks & go somewhere else to experience the finer points of dining...this is your no fanfare Filipino restaurant that will fill your heart's content period!
3	2/2 Happy Birthday to me !  -=)  I went with the family to eat at Nanay Gloria's for breakfast today (I was totally craving Longanisa).  Longanisa is a filipino sausage that is usually either sweet / spicy.  Nanay Gloria's Longanisa is not spicy at all.  Anyhow, I went at 9 am in the morning.  It wasn't too crowded, so finding a table wasn't a hassle.  This place is small, so on some days it can be real difficult to find a place to sit and eat.  The place also has a Flat Screen hanging with TFC (The Filipino Channel) on.  Here's the deal:PROS-* All - you - can - eat brunch for approx. $6.00 (w/o a beverage)* Good selection of authentic Filipino cuisineI recommend their Longanisa, Beef Steak, Garlic Fried Rice, & Pancit* Filipino Channel while you eat* MangTomas, Jufran, and Vinegar w/ onion @ every table* Everything tastes just like home !* Take out option* Good for the FamilyCONS-* small space w/ uncomfortable seating arrangement(spacing  between tables suck...I may as well start conversation with the stranger sitting next to me because they can easiily hear everything I say.  I don't think this place would be wheelchair accessible)* Desserts/Drinks are not included in the AYCE* They only take cash (No Credit Cards... it's 2011... Hello).The weird thing about this place is that you pay after you eat... That's rare now-a-days.  I'd give Nanay Gloria's more stars, if it weren't for the minimal (and warm) selection of fruit, the lack of water available (they need to keep an eye on their community water pitchers), and all the other cons that I listed above.  Overall though, if you are looking for quality authentic Filipino dishes for a cheap price, this is the way to go!Recommended!
3	This place offers a decent place to get Filipino food on the go. It's not the best Filipino food I've had, but for the prices it works for me. It's a turo-turo restaurant, meaning they have a buffet of food and you get rice and two sides or similar combos. Selection changes a bit from day to day. I personally prefer actual sit down Filipino restaurants where they have a menu, but sometimes this is just easier. You can also eat there and treat it as a buffet. A great thing if you're looking to get full. Oh, but I will say it's my favorite place to get Sisig [it's a spicy crispy pork dish]. They make it oh so good. It's a pretty small place and gets pretty busy and crowded. So expect to get friendly with some people.
4	I stopped by here on a random day off. I didn't realize it was a breakfast buffet. For around $7.50, I had AYCE of the all the Filipino favorites - sinangag, egg, tocino, tuyo, longanisa, etc. There are also non-breakfast items. I pretty much stuck to the breakfast, but I grabbed a bowl or two of some sinigang - warm soup always goes well with Filo brekkie items.Everything was good. Obviously, since the eggs were pre-cooked and sitting out, they weren't optimal. I was really looking for a "ToSiLog" type of breakfast with a less cooked egg, but this buffet satisfied my craving.3.5 stars
3	Sometimes, one feels like eating a home cooked meal which is why I go to Nanay Gloria's once awhile in Las Vegas.  It's not like mom's home cooking but it has some comforts of home.  The expectation of maintaining a healthy diet shouldn't be in your mind when entering this restaurant too.  It is, of course, Filipino cuisine--lots of fried and greasy goodness.  The restaurant is small and serves a buffet style fare for only $7.49.  Seating is pretty cramped and limited so I wouldn't advise on bringing large groups.  Once you find a table get your grub on.  It's Filipino style, first come first served.  The most popular items usually run out, like oxtail, although I did not see it there when I went.  Dig on some of the different types of adobo (way of cooking food in the Philippines), pancits, and some lechon kawali (crispy pork).  Whatever you decide to eat here, don't forget to bring your heart monitor.  The food here is a cardiac arrest waiting to happen.  Don't forget to pay the cashier when you finish your buffet, and please leave a small tip in the tip box.  They do, of course, have to clean up your table's litter.
1	This place is only for Filipinos who are too lazy cook for themselves and are willing to eat dirt as long as it is called Filipino. Perhaps I am just white guy spoiled by a Filipina wife who cooks better than anyone on the planet, but I tried only the Nanay Gloria dishes that my wife cooks at home for comparison and I came very close to puking on the table. So, if someone invites you to this restaurant, they are either trying to kill you or prove that they hate you. Run, run fast and far before eating at Nanay Gloria's restaurant.
4	Yelpers I agree. The format of the buffet line is very confusing. It gets packed in here at certain times. The food is great! I personally cannot cook most of these dishes. I'm not really the best judge for taste. All I know is that the food taste good to me.
5	I love this place, great food. I wish they have one in San Jose
4	I saw this place when I was leaving the restaurant next door. I got 2 empanadas to go and they were delish!!Can't comment on the buffet except that everyone there seemed to be enjoying it. I'll be back to try it.
3	:)If you want a crash course in Filipino cuisine here you go.  It's a buffet, it's cheap, and has all the Filipino staples.  The food isn't amazing by any means, but it is definitely an easy one stop shopping if you want to just try everything.  But remember, as my friend always tells me, Filipino food isn't supposed to be fancy, so eat up and enjoy! :)
4	Carenderia style FIlipino restaurant... Can't beat their buffet of $7 (LUNCH) for yummy Filipino food.. Tables are too near each other, and they accept CASH ONLY but I love their Menudo and Bistek! I love going to this place when craving for fast Filipino food.
3	Not bad!For the price this is a great filipino buffet. I felt at home there... but then again, I'm half-filipino. For non pinoys, I wouldn't suggest this restaurant. None of the food is labeled. I didn't know what half of the food was, so I stuck to my favorites. But if you're adventerous and have very The food is very homestyle, as most Filipino food is. Very down to earth, and unpretentious. Their pansit is very good, and I loved their sinigang. The atmosphere was great, but if you're not filipino, you may feel a little out of place. The value of the fod, however, is unbeatable. About $8 with tax. If you're filipino and want some cheap food, I suggest trying Nanay Gloria's!
3	Yep, it's a solid 3 star.  I like trying the variety of food...some of the dishes I have never tried before...and will not know how to order in the future...but none of them truly stood out.  There are many filipino restaurants in las vegas, and I feel that they are all better:  DJ Bibingkahan, Ito'y Sariling Atin, and especially Elena's.  There was only fruit for dessert.  The price was reasonable, and the food decent.  I will however go back to Elena's.
2	Maybe it's my personal taste. Maybe I'm just biased. Maybe I just set high standards for my fellow Filipinos, but if I'm coming here to fork up $7.95 to eat some decent Filipino dishes, I would hope that I could taste some culinary spirit in my taste buds. I love the concept of "turo-turo". This means to point and pick your dishes. It reminds me a lot of my Philippine vacations when I was a little girl. I was always so eager to point at all the things I liked. Now, I only come here for the sake of my mother. She loves this place, the dishes they offer, and the taste of home. But for me, I feel like this place just doesn't live up to culinary expectations of a really good, home cooked Filipino cuisine. The dishes they offer here is a hit or miss for me. Yesterday, it was a miss. A variety of the dishes I picked out were really cold, and have been sitting out for a while. The dishes also started to taste the same as well. I love Tocino, but when I took a bite of the Tocino dish they offered, it was REALLY dry. It had none of that awesome thick burning sweet sauce I love so much. The Pancit Malabon is also my favorite noodle dish. However, there were no pieces of chicken or meat to found. There were no pork grind crumbs, or any hint of green garnish from chopped onion that I hoped for. It was all noodle. My heart was really torn. I really wanted to cry.My experience here just isn't satisfying for me. Unless they can cook better than my mommy, auntie, grandma, uncle, cousin, friends, and my friends' parents. Then I won't feel like they can provide me anything of monetary value.
3	The food was ok. Not bad for all you can eat for $7. The restaurant could be cleaner. It wasn't outstanding, but ok. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
3	I've had better flip food but for $7.49 AYCE and open till 10pm Mon-Fri, how can you complain?There's a decent selection - maybe 15+ items including sinigang, pancit, chicken adobo, and many of the other traditional specialties.
4	This is the Filipino buffet my family and I frequent, and for good reason. Most places offer really greasy food and it just looks so unappetizing. Other places also mostly have meat items and my family and I would like to see more variety namely seafood and vegetable dishes. With that said, that's why Nanay Gloria is our favorite place to go (second would be Kusina ni Loraine). My only complaint is the limited seating. If you come during busy hours you will most likely not have a seat :(
4	Okay, it does depend what time you get here. Three stars if you're strolling in here in the evening, and a definite four if you walk in during lunch time.Went in during an evening to scratch the itch with the homie Akk from Stain Tattoo next door. I get my regular three items whenever I venture into a Filipino restaurant. Sinigang na baboy (pork and veges in a sour tamarind base), Lechon kawali (deep fried pork), and chicharon bulaklak (deep fried pork intestines). The sinigang na baboy is up to par. I can't complain. Now since it was in the evening, the sought-after items were down to the last pieces. I'm talking about the lechon kawali and chicharon bulaklak. This can be a good and bad thing all at once. Part of me was glad that there were only pieces left of those two items. I get a few of the kawali and bulaklak. Everything was gone on my first plate. I gets up and tries to get more kawali and bulaklak. All gone for the day. Nick D explains it perfectly in his review. "Cholesterol at its' finest". I swear to God this stuff is bad for you. I liked that they have the secret sauce that makes lechon even more heavenly on every table. Mang Tomas! You my only friend! Their vinegar sauce is one of my favorite sauces between the other Filipino restaurants. Seasoned vinegar with chucks of onions marinating and just waiting to be dunked with unhealthy pieces of chicharon bulaklak. OH MY CHRISTO!!! SUS-MAR-YO-SEP!!! My body was thanking Nanay Gloria's that they were out and was not going to be making anymore the rest of the day.THEN, I stroll in here one day during lunch. I had two FULL PLATES of the bad stuff. I had to talk myself into just paying and leaving as soon as possible.Great price for a buffet. Definitely a great place for a cheat day from the gym.
3	I'd give this Filipino buffet 3.5 stars.  It is better than okay, but I would not say that I am a fan of the place.  We frequent here if the whole family of in-laws are with us.  The price of the buffet is very affordable, and no one complains about the price.  They have many food choices such as pancit, adobo, lechon kawali, etc.  Everything tastes pretty good and fresh.The place can get very crowded, especially if our family is there.  The seating is a bit crowded.  I recommend coming here if you are on a budget and want to eat some decent filipino food.
5	Let me start off by saying this place is worth ever penny. 8 bucks for a buffet.My brother and I haven't had phillipino food for 3 years. We were craving some goat, dinuguan,  and chicken adobo. unfortunately, they didn't have dinuguan, "next time" , they said. That's fine with me, because DAAAAANG was the rest of the food good, everything was "fall-off-the-bone" melt-in-your-mouth tasty. When we walked in, we felt at home, as the old fillipina grandmas behind the counter couldn't help but explain all of the great foods they've cooked. If you've just finished watching "bizzarre foods with Andrew zimmern" , and you're now craving some of that mouth watering amazingness, sloppy, cartilagous , fatty good stuff, this is the spot. Full of flavor. I'm going back. 5 stars.Edit : went back 2 days later. They had dinuguan. It was delicious.
3	if you want to give your wallet a rest, this is the place. So many selections of food for a filipino buffet at  lunch. Can't count any longer after 10 fingers  for  less than $ 8. I don't think any one can cook kare-kare, sisig, mechado, dinuguan, lechon, and much more for "$ 8.00"! The food was a-okay, but can't beat anyone in the strip for that price. You have to drive from the strip to get here since this is located at the other side of the freeway. If you are in groups, this is worth the drive. I give this place 3 stars only because i don't eat that much and i think that because it is a buffet, they cook the food in bulk. I don't feel that they cook with their heart.
5	Bang for your buck!
5	You can not beat delicious all-you-can-eat Filipino food for $8.  With a rotating menu, you'll never know what you'll get.  The kare-kare is delicious and a favorite of mine.  There is always a pancit served, although a different kind everytime.  With all-you-can-eat, try a bit of everything.  They have expanded their space to allow for bigger crowds.
4	My family came to visit me from Hawaii during the hottest week of June 2013. During their stay I took them to Nanay Gloria's for late lunch.  From other reviewers description of the possible wait for a table, we were lucky that it wasn't crowded at all. You seat yourself.  There is no instructions from the staff to what to do - no signs, either.  So, don't expect a greeter.  I think there should be one, though!  In any case, Thank goodness for reading the reviews here on yelp - so, I told my family just pick a table and start filling your plate.   For water there is a water cooler and ice bucket with plastic cups off to the corner.  If you want regular drinks, ask the busboy that comes around cleaning the tables.  The restaurant is pretty clean - we noticed that it took a bit for the bus boy to clean the tables from previous customers.  Otherwise,  the dining area is relatively clean AND the buffet area is VERy VERY clean.  There are signs throughout the buffet area starting from the plate sections of the health rules:  basically, do not come up to buffet table with your used plates.  Must get new plates and bowls.  I was relieved that they at least had these signs.  They have large plates (for starches) and small bowls to put your other entrees - initially, we just piled it on our plates.  Only, when we saw what other new customers were doing on loading their plates:  large plates for starches and small bowls for other foods.  Theres no rules But I thought I would mention it here.  :)The food was pretty good - a large variety.  I guess you never know what will be served.  We all enjoyed it.  We especially loved the pancit.  Very simple yet yummy.  We all tried everything.  It was all good and tasty Filipino dishes.  I liked the fried smelt - or, dilis.  so - good!  My aunt liked the beef stew (Nilagang baka).   The dinuguan was good - no grit.  There was a lot to choose from!However, the dessert is priced separately.  We didn't try any of it but the turon and cascaron looked yum.  I  noticed a customer got some and looked happy eating it.  In the back of the restaurant - there is a little grocery area where you can buy ingredients for a meal or buy crackers and candies from the Phillipines like polvoron.  So, check out the back for more.My only real negative was that the air conditioned was not on full.  It felt humid in there.  Outside was literally 113 degrees and we had hoped to cool in a restaurant but we were disappointed.  It was not cool at all!!   They were stingy on the air-conditioning!  The staff behind the buffet didn't smile at all.  We didn't feel welcomed.  Even when we paid, there was no smile.  We were 4 filipino women just wanting to eat - nothing strange about us.  So, don't expect a friendly staff.  In any case, I would come here again - maybe cooler climate. LOL   :)
3	I give it a 3 1/2 stars.My Pilipino Peeps say Nanay Gloria's is great!  "Hoi nakong, you will bee pull!  Da beep-stek is delicious!" I was told by an older patron, which I think thought I was one of her relatives.  Oh well, we do what we do!  Be respectful and tell nanay 'salamat'.  Nanay Gloria's is a Filipino eatery, they do either choices with rice and soup, or you can go for the gusto and do the all-you-can-eat-especially-if-you-love-pork option for about $7.50.  Do the buffet folks!  It's worth it if you have the time and are familiar with a lot of the dishes offered.  Which day to day will differ, but it's a good thing especially if you don't mind change.  We manage to always miss breakfast at Nanay Gloria's.  Some say it is probably the best meal they serve.  Rice, eggs, tocino, tomatoes, sweet longanisa (oh how I relish those potent loganisa burps), what's not to like?  And for a buffet?  Even better!  And with the breakfast buffet usually the lunch items are already mixed in there as well.  Brunch if you will.  All for the same price!  If you're gonna go, go BIG I say.We usually get here for lunch and there's often a crowd.  It can get busy between late breakfast and early lunch.  Seating is pretty limited, but at least there is a dining area on the opposite side of the buffet line.  But be aware when you go to Nanay Gloria's, the rooms are warm!  Even with the AC on I was still sweatin' a bit.  I don't know if they are just trying to save money by keeping the thermostat at the 80s or folks working there want to feel like they are back home in the islands...hot and humid!  Bring a fan to cool yourself down just in case.  The food?  Overall not bad.  Everything there goes lovely with white rice (which they server plenty of).  If you're into the carb and gluten-free life proceed with caution.  Hell, if you're watching your cholesterol proceed with caution!  Nanay Gloria's is some down home, stick-to-your-ribs food, and is often sitting in 'juice'...aka 'grease'...aka 'fat=flavor'.  Don't nobody be draining the fat!  Bastos!I like my crispy pata.  I like my bistek.  I like my adobo.  I like my bangus.  I like my sinigang.  I like it all over my rice.  Trust me, there are a number of pork dishes available at Nanay Gloria's, but I stick with my basic favorites.  Just hook me up a plate of food with a side of vinegar and garlic for dipping, some jufran, and a bottle of all-purpose sauce...and I'm set.  Let the battle begin!  We literally cannot go there more than once every couple of months.  It just takes a lot out of you!  Cholesterol and salt content must be monitored!  And extra runs on the treadmill help too.  But oh do I like the food.So the next time you want some pretty authentic Filipino food and you're on a budget, hit up Nanay Gloria's.  You will be greeted with a smile and and empty plate.  Fill that sucker up!
1	My wife is Filipino and we enjoy good filipino food. We came here because we saw there was a buffet. When we walked in we were not greeted. We grabbed our plates and started getting food from the buffet. We sat down to eat. The adobo was bland and the beef steak was tough. My wife and I both swelled up after eating. MSG maybe.......All I can say is this place is ass backwards. Eat first buffet then pay. No greeting at all. Serve yourself canned soda. Thumbs down!
3	Cheap Filipino buffet and lots of food to choose from.
3	Visiting from the bay and our friend highly recommend us to come here and try it and so we did. The food was good but some of the meat was hard. But what disappointed me was the service. I just wishes they were more friendlier and nicer. But other than that it was good.
3	A little bit crowded for such a small place especially Sunday. Your Typical filipino food served here from adobo to bistek.  They have longanisa and eggs in the morning.. Cheap and the food is good..
4	Came to Vegas, craved some filipino food and thanks to yelpers we gave this place a try. We ordered to go and was happy to see a wide variety of choices. I also liked how there was a little of everything versus a whole pot of something that's sat the whole day heating. We chose lechon sisig, the pancit, menudo and adobo. Service was fine and we were happy with the price. Two items for about 6.50!! That's pretty good. The food taste wonderful. The sisig a bit spicy but the taste didn't disappoint. Everything else we got was good too and had the traditional filipino flavors. Glad this place didn't disappoint and was the usual fast food buffet I've seen in LA and in Diego.
5	Great food, cheap prices and a clean place to eat.  Will be back!
5	I love going here for breakfast and lunch, mostly breakfast . Their longanisa is the best, along with the tocino. I was kind of flustered by the "cash only" part. They were nice enough to let me drive off and grab some cash. It's an overall good place for cheap eats. I seriously recommend breakfast. It's the best.
4	For $7.49, I had to give this place 4 stars for good authentic Filipino food and great value. There were over 20 buffet items to chose from. Our whole group consisted of 9 people and Nanay Gloria's was able to accommodate with plenty more available seating. This place is comparable to the Filipino all-you-can-eat joints in San Diego, if not better. If you need to satisfy that sweet tooth, they have desserts here than can be purchased separately. This will definitely be one of the spots we hit up when we come back to Vegas from Cali.
1	The food is awesome, but they do not accept debit/credit cards. It is 2014. Get a machine and I'll come back. Until then, I'll find another mom and pop Filipino restaurant that will accept them. It maybe a petty thing, but not everyone carries cash. Y'all need to get with the program.
2	I am Filipino. Born and bred. I know Filipino food. This is mediocre. I guess for a cheap Flip food to satisfy a craving then perhaps this is a place you can try.The location is good.. Not tucked away in some far off street. It's right by China Town. Which is good.The staff are not as friendly. They didn't even make eye-contact when I was asking questions. And we are Filipinos and supposedly hospitable. But then again, I guess that's not what I paid for either.Then there's the food.. It's not bad per se. But it's also not great. Like I said, it's mediocre. I don't know how else to put it. Nothing stands out. I'm unimpressed I should say.But for $7.99 it should do I guess.
3	Lower your expectations. This place ain't gourmet.Hit this joint up for breakfast cuz that's when everything is freshest. Come later and you're gurranteed not-so-fresh items.
4	Wanna go to a buffet? Craving Filipino food? On a budget? If you said yes to almost all three, then Nanay G's is the place for you! On the way home to California we stopped to have breakfast here and there was a pretty good selection!  $7.95 for AYCE. They also have a bunch of snacks and drinks just like a Filipino store! That impressed me so much!So, for service they're just alright... But the food was pretty good. It wasn't extravagant, but it was good! My favorite was the fried "bulaklak", the chicken, and the dinuguan. Prepare yourself to get oiled out because everything is basically oily. It's Filipino food, go figure!
3	Some of the tables are sticky and dirty. Make sure bring cash coz they don't take credit cards.
3	Like what another person mentioned, lower your expectation... or don't have one. I'm straight up all about Filipino food and my standards are not high, my wife can vouch for it. The price is CHEAP, but the food was okay and don't expect a casual dining experience.I was looking forward to going to this place because of what heard, but I think we went to the wrong place...I think we should have gone to the other place. to make this worse, I just came off a flight and was starving.if you've been to a "hole in the wall" kind of place, this is close to it. They have a decent variety of food, but we had to pay for an order of lumpia...it was not part of the buffet. If you want drinks other than water, you need to get it from the fridge near the register and the shelve of snacks.
5	I'm a regular here I never get tired of the food here. I love everything here even my 3 year old son
3	If you're looking for gourmet Filipino food you've come to the wrong establishment my friend... If you looking for home cooked authentic Filipino food... Like your Lola is in the back cooking in the kitchen Filipino food then this is the go to. I love the taste of the Dinaguan here... Yeh I said it! I love the Dinaguan from here... And the Kare-Kare here is always on point. It's a turu-turu Style Filipino restaurant. Like everything including getting your drinks are "serve yourself" and they have the best breakfast and lunch Filipino food prices in the valley. Don't expect "sit down restaurant quality" food or service. The place is Filipino to the max. I love the food here is good and I come all the time, but I give it three stars for the food and establishment overall is not an amazing dining experience. It's where you go when you too lazy to cook the Filipino food for yourself.
4	This place has come a long way. This is my go to filipino spot because of all the selections they have. $7.99 all you can eat? Can you really beat that? I dont think so.So you go into nanay glorias and you grab your plate.  I'd say they have a good 20+ selections to choose from.  It changes daily, which is pretty good. I love their sinigang, pinakbet, tocino, longanisa and pork adobo!  In the morning they serve garlic rice.... but that ends at around 10am. I do not like going her after 6pm because they tend to not refill their trays.... so you dont have many options. The best time to go is for breakfast and lunch!It does get a little cramped by the register, they need to sort that situation out.  But other than that, i love this place.  They have a cute little section for all your filipino goodies (chips, canned foods, desserts, mango.... etc).
4	The food is pretty good. Good variety. The price is reasonable. And you can get the buffet or get it to go.
4	You can never go wrong with a buffet that serves Filipino food.Nanay Gloria's is actually one of my usual AYCE Filipino food feasting spots . It's cheap under $10, has a good selection of items, and the foods not that bad.  I must've had like 6 or 7 full plates of everything last time I was there. If you're unsure what's good or what's what just ask, they seemed nice and friendly, or take small servings. You eat first and pay after. This location has improved over the years from a cash only crowded single dining area business to cash and card a little more spacier two dining area with even a little market business. Back when it was cash only it kind of iterated me that I'd find myself going to the other location more often even though it was farther. I like the snacks, drinks, and additional items outside from the buffet, extra charges.There is a minimum for card charges of I think $10 which is more than then buffet price so probably have to buy something like a snack and you should be fine. Also if your card has a chip your SOL, they won't take it.Good when your craving Filipino food, don't want to cook it yourself, and in large quantities.
4	Place is great. I'm from Hawaii and I miss my Filipino food. This place always hits the spot for me. Always a great number of choices and the workers there are always really friendly. Can't beat the price either! Like $7.99 for AYCE. I usually spend that for one dish at most other places. Whenever I'm in town and have the craving for some Filipino food, I'm sure to stop in here.
2	Don't eat here! I was so excited to stop by Vegas and have some authentic phillipino food but it ended with huge disappointment! The meat was not fresh and not prepared/cleaned properly. The taste of meat odor was overwhelming, especially the liver. (I am Asian. I eat everything but onion, garlic and ginger.) I couldn't keep the food down my throat and ended up puking everything on to my plate. The only dish that was ok was the Pancit.My boyfriend grew up eating phillipino family friends' food. He was quite disappointed too.
