5	It seems that I need to sacrifice a virgin, kill a baby sheep and chant to the gods to get someone that can cut my hair right. Ive found 3 people that were able to do it, but because its such a transitional career ,they are usually not there when I return for a second hair cut.I found this play by accident...My friend had a fresh cut and I happened to ask where he got it.  He told me where, and well 2 yrs later , I havent go to any other place.Price is awesome. At 11.99 you cant beat it. The dude is a genius with the clips. He takes his time and is very entertaining. Remembers your name and your hair cut from the last time. I just go in, sit down, hair gets cut and im ready. Him and his wife are vietnamese and they own the joint. Both are skilled as hell but I always go to him, just because I get fades .Free wifi is offered and some products as well. Hours of operation are good and it can get packed, but wait is seldom long. This is and will be my only hair spot .
4	Vietnamese barber does a pretty good job.  Plus it wasn't an arm and a leg near my cousin's house.  Nelson's barber shop in spring valley was my next place to try.
5	I been getting my haircut at this salon for the past 5-6 years. I lived in the area when it opened and moved a year later. I still go to this salon for my haircuts. The two owners are very friendly and helpful when picking out a new hairstyle. The guy is amazing at his job and very entertaining to talk to. He remembers your name each time, so you feel very welcomed. The prices are fairly cheap, about $11-12 for Mens haircut.
5	Always come here for my haircut. They are nice folks and are in touch with their regular customers - and at a reasonable price.
5	5 stars because i finally got the haircut i wanted.  Medium fade with a top trim and shape up. 18bucks and that was with 6 dollar tip! Cole is now my best friend. He just doesn't know it yet.
5	I've been a customer of Phantasy since they opened 6-7 years ago. Tammy and Co are extremely nice and personable. Won't get my hair cut anywhere else.
5	Got the men's haircut on weekday evening at 530. There were 2 people working, the owner, who is Vietnamese, and a Vietnamese lady, perhaps his wife. He saw me immediately. He asked what I wanted; was patient; clean; quick (12 min), good conversationalist ( told me about his family and Vietnam) and emitted great vibes. I will be back.
5	Awesome place to get a cheap haircut. $11.99 for male cut, don't know the women though...lol I've been coming to this place for about 6 years now. Ever since I tried this place, I know I'm hooked to it. It's a family own business so you can expect that they always take care their customers. Cole, is my hairstylist and he's one cool dude.
5	This is a very good place to get haircut. Clean, fast and reasonable price. I will come back for next haircut.
5	We're truly lucky to have them in the neighborhood - lovely local couple owns and runs it. Their pricing could be 30% higher and it'd still be a deal. Quick, friendly service and always a perfect cut!
5	Quickly got in as soon as I arrived. Very nice and professional. Did catch ladies name but she was very good and I'm picky over my cuts. Will definitely be back. Note: it's walk in business only, no appointments taken. Well worth any wait.
5	It's true. This is a great place to get a hair cut! The barber is polite and very very good at his job. I've been getting my hair cut on the strip for $40. so the drive to see what all the hoopla is about and for $11.99! You bet. And the cut is as good if not better! It's a drive. It's best to take 215 to Jones or Decatur and drive a little south.
5	Cool little neighborhood place to get a quick mens haircut. The staff is friendly, I believe they are Asian -husband and wife -Price is one of the cheapest I've seen around town, I think it was $12 for a mens haircut!Can't complain, did a good job.
5	Great and consistent staff, always the guy and his wife. Price is great and is worth the couple extra bucks then going to great clips or fantastic sams. Only downfall is there is usually a 30 minute wait. No appointments walk in only. The owner told me to go earlier and that's when there is less people. My bill always comes out to 12, and I tip 3. Really sanitary, they spray everything down before using it on you. Great prices and great staff, check it out.
5	I always get my haircut here..Co is my dude he's the guy that can hook up your fade the way you like it..don't get me wrong his wife Tammy can hook it up too but I think she's more the high and tight type of cutter so if you like it I recommend her..I like the bald fade and the blend goes out but this place is solid and the price you really can't beat it..Only downside is sometimes I miss getting the shave from a barber with the cream and blade but other than that I'm a regular here every couple weeks
5	Great place with a great price and Free Wifi!Just moved to this area and highly recommend this place, Tammy is awesome!
5	Great place! Family owned and they give great cuts. Very affordable and the place is real clean. Will defintely be returning!
5	Excellent haircut for a really cheap price. Both Tammy and Ko know what they're doing. I used to live right across their shop in the southwest part of town but moved to the north side. Thinking that "franchise salons" can do my haircut, I went ahead and got one near where i currently reside. I could not be anymore wrong. I literally went straight to Phantasy salon to after getting a "fresh haircut." I got in and Ko just smiled at me and he already knew what to do. This guy is so nice that he even recommended people he used to work with that is near my area. Good thing I got my cut today because they're going on a vacation from july 3rd to the 18th i think, so if you wanna look good this independence day, you better go now haha.
5	I haven't written a review in over a year so this place must be legit. Saw the consistent 5 - star ratings and had to venture out to Phantasy Salon to get my wirey, straight Asian hair cut by an Asian in the know. Phantasy Salon has 2 - a husband and wife who have seemingly mastered the art of haircut zen. The first time I scoped it out I left completely satisfied...12 bucks for a mens' haircuts in record time? Still, the true measuring stick did not come until visit #2. I brought my son, normally a crazy spitfire in a barber chair, to have a go. The husband and wife superteam knocked out both of our haircuts before my son even had a chance to finish half an episode of Ninjago on Netflix and it was 30 out the door including tip!...DANG! 'Nuff said!
5	It was well worth the wait. First haircut since I moved to Vegas and apparently this place was closed for two weeks because the owners were on vacation. I showed up at 9AM and the waiting area was packed. Waited approximately 30 minutes but once it was my turn the owner was incredibly polite and apologetic. P.s. Don't forget to put your name on the list when you arrive.
2	Okay, this is the deal. Phantasy Hair Salon owners "say" they do not accept reservations. In actuality they do. If you go in and sign their book and come back hours later, you are the next person in line.This is what happened to me...I went in and saw 7 names on the list. I sat and waited as 4 people got their haircut. In walks a family of 5 and they go and sit down without writing their name on the list. I figured then that something was up, but I wasn't sure. When the 4th person was finished getting his haircut, 1 member of the family of 5 walked over and sat in the barber's chair.Sure, their names were on the list a page before mine...but when I sat down I hadn't figured on waiting for 12 people (or possibly more...how far does the list go back?). Someone should have told me OR they need a better system.Poof! 30 minutes of my day was wasted PLUS the time it took to drive there. Why not simply accept reservations instead of wasting people's time?!?If you want a good haircut, these folks can deliver...BUT you'll NEVER know what the wait time will be once you make the long drive there. I've gone to Phantasy Hair salon and had to leave SEVERAL times either because the wait list was too long or because there was an unexpected sign on the door during regular business hours announcing that they were closed that day. In actuality, I've had to leave the salon more times than I've received a haircut...so the odds of winning big on the slots at the hotels on the strip are better than getting a haircut at Phantasy Hair Salon.Good luck to you if you're willing to gamble a good part of your day! I'm not anymore.
5	Super legit salon.  Co cut my hair and did awesome.  I had some seriously mangy locks and he cleaned me up with a real nice fade.  Super great price for a quality cut.
5	I've been going here for years! This is family owned by a husband and wife and they do an outstanding job. I've always gotten exactly what I wanted with no complaints. My husband has always gone to barber shops, but recently gave them a try. He got a fade and loved it. He and his friends have started going here now too. You can't beat the prices!
4	Okay, the haircut really is THAT good at Phantasy Hair Salon.I took my own advice, and now when I plan to get a haircut, I do it before lunch. Now when I drop by the salon, if it's very busy, I sign my name on the list and tell the owners I'll be back after eating lunch. This adjustment solved my problem and I'm a happy customer now.
5	Amazing!!! The husband and wife team are very talented. I am very picky when it comes to my haircuts. They are always on point and my hair always gets faded correctly. I'm glad I found them months ago after my hair was messed up at another salon. I will continue to go to them.
5	fast & pro! if you are in a hurry and don't want to spend too much time in the hair salon then here's the right place! most importantly, their price is reasonable! they even have a price for just cutting the bangs! however, no fancy environment but family style with professional skills and services!
5	Going here for almost 8 years! Tammy and Co are awesome at what they do. To top it off they are very nice and always accommodating.  This place a true mom and pop shop with true mom and pop values!
