1	Decided to try a new nail place and this place is pretty close.  Sat down for a mani-pedi and a teenager dressed in sweats and flip flops came over to do my feet while a woman did my nails.  Strike 1.I really hate it when nail places do your manicure while you're sitting in the pedicure chair.  I think it's lazy of the salon.  It's also very uncomfortable and awkward as you're trying to relax in the massage chair, but having to reach across your body and lean so the manicurist can get your nails.  There also isn't a hard surface to put hands on, which leads to a messy manicure.  Strike 2.The manicurist cut me and made me bleed on two of my nails and the pedicurist cut me on two of my toes.  They didn't bother to put any witch hazel on it to stop the bleeding until I asked them to. Strike 3.But perhaps the worst part was the woman sitting next to me getting a pedicure literally screaming, "OWWW!  You're hurting me!  I'm bleeding!  Please stop!" Strike 4. And 5.  And 6.Never coming here again.
5	Michael does excellent  work and I get fills from him every 2 weeks.
5	I have been going to Rio Nails for almost two years and love it.  I get acrylic manicures by Michael and they are the best I have ever had.  My pedicures have always been great, too.  I am very happy with Rio Nails and they are also very close to my home.
1	Awful! I was rushed through getting a fill. All my nails are different lengths, the guy who did my nails didn't ask how I want them shaped and just assumed round (even though I came in with square) he rushed through polishing my nails. There is polish all over my fingers. My real nails are out grown over the actual acrylic. If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I've had bad treatment before. But never have been treated like my money doesn't count.. Ill NEVER go back and I suggest going elsewhere.
1	What a disappointment. Had shellac manicure and a pedicure. I could have done a better job on my pedi and the shellac mani which usually lasts two weeks began chipping within the day. This place is an incredible rip off!
5	was recommended by a girlfriend whose nails looked amazing.  Mike did a great job with my specifications.. they are perfect.. acrylic is thin and narrow... the polish job is fab.  he made sure i was entirely dry before i left.  and they removed old acrylic, gave me a full set for 30.  very reasonable.  i will def. be back.  ps.  i heard his wife cindy is great also.  but i would make an appt.
1	Since this place was so close to my house and I was dying for new nails, I decided to check this place out. Worst decision ever. I went in, looking for a mani and pedi and came out with bloody nails. I told them specifically not to cut my cuticles but guess what they did? That's right. The guy who did my nails was rough with my hands and constantly made me bleed profusely. I ended up paying $35 and I am thoroughly disappointed and upset with this place. Not worth the time or money at all.
1	i paid 30+ tip for a gel manicure and was extremely disappointed. my nails were crooked and the polish looked horrible and easily came off 2 days later. I will never be back and you should heed my advice and go elsewhere or you might end up wasting your money like i did.
