1	I have two words for this bank: get TOE! (For those phonetically challenge, that is ghetto.) I don't bank here, but I have a credit card with them and needed to get the 411 on an issue I was having, so I thought I'd make a quick stop inside. The place seemed a little disheveled as I pulled in.  The parking lot was minuscule and the only open spaces had been hijacked by some really bad parking jobs. I walked inside and was greeted by the saddest looking bank interior I have ever seen. I think they were remodeling, but damn, it didn't even look like a bank. Even the people waiting in the long line looked depressed.  But, what do you expect when you have to entrust your money to such a lackadaisical place! I couldn't take the decrepitude, so I left. I know you shouldn't judge a book by its cover and maybe not even the inside pages either because the actual book could be really good, but I really hope they hurry up and do something with the place, or I'm gonna need to take some Xanax or Cymbalta before I venture inside again.
1	I hate it when places have 3-4 people greeting you when you walk-in, but only 1-2 tellers helping you at the window.  Forget the greeter, pay someone to help me with my transaction faster.
1	I made the mistake of going to this branch on a Friday at 4:30 pm. They had 2 teller windows open and I counted 23 people in line, with 4 greeters. I had a simple check deposit and I didn't require a receipt. I asked 2 of the greeters if they could handle the deposit for me, as greeters do at their other branches, but was told I would need to stand in line. I will not make the same mistake twice and won't be returning to this branch.
4	This is a busy BofA location. There are plenty of tellers though being near a light rail location and mall may be why this location stays pretty active. There are in house representatives to assist with all your banking needs including personal loans, business banking, finical and other banking services. This location has plenty of bilingual Spanish speaking tellers to meet the needs of those whom may need to speak Spanish. The teller who helped me with both my personal and business needs was friendly. She also thanked me for coming in.
