1	Avoid this place.  They are a scam...  They stick obnoxious flyers under the doors of hotels.  When they get into trouble, they just change their name and number to something else.
1	Worst pizza of my life. 50% longer to deliver than quoted. Delivered a pizza with not all the toppings. Absolutely avoid this place.
3	Admittedly, I have not tried the pizza here so I can't comment on that.  I have been pleased with other things I have ordered including subs, calzones and salads.  I have used their delivery service multiple times and it has always been correct and reliable.  Their "dining in" amenities are severely limited.  There is no tableside service and you can forget getting something as exotic as a cup with ice for your drink.There is also a bar in a separate room which seems to be closed during the day (when I was there), but may open in the evenings.  I am not sure if the two are the same business, but they are connected internally.  Perhaps they have cups and ice there!
1	I ordered from the flyer under the door. Looked really good.Read the reviews, decided to order anyway. I asked to have pizza delivered to hotel room. They did not deliver to the hotel room and made me go from 28th floor to the lobby. I ordered from Eat24 and included the tip in the order, so I couldn't deduct any money for laziness. Additionally, I ordered a pizza with pepperoni and pineapple, and the pineapple only covered 45% of the pizza, what a waste. Another pizza was olives and pepperoni, olives were minimal.   I would try another delivery place first before trying to order from here.
5	This place has the best pizza in all of Vegas. I get a large cheese easy sauce and it is perfect every time. This is the only place I order from.
1	I placed an order with Bona Pizza at 8:30pm... an hour and half later I decided to call them and see what the issue with delivery might be. The manger was very rude to me and said that they were 'unable' to deliver my pizza. Instead of admitting that they were very busy and offering a discount on a future purchase or something to make up for the snafu, he actually hung up on me, a paying customer. I would have appreciated a call after the 30 minute delay or even after an hour delay, but I had to call Bona Pizza myself and see what the problem was. I have ordered from them 2 times in the past and the pizza is okay as far as taste, but never have I had an issue with rude customer service and lack of delivery. I strongly recommend NOT ordering from them and they should not place flyers under hotel room doors if they 'cannot' deliver to these locations in a decent time frame. I am now ordering room service instead. By the way the hotel I am staying at is on the strip, near city center, so it is not far from Paradise, their location. I am not the type to ever write a negative review unless my overall experience was terrible.
4	I started reading all the reviews about the horrible delivery service after I had already placed my order and I was wondering what I had just gotten myself into.  As I was reading through everyone's bad experiences, there was the knock on the door of my hotel- 15 minutes ahead of when I expected which was perfect since it was already 10PM and I was hungry.  I had been in town working the entire day and was thinking about how hungry I was when walking back into my room.  As I picked up the flyer off the floor I thought to myself "these people know I'm tired and hungry and don't want to run back out. I'll order from them".  Can't honestly see why everyone else was disappointed. The food was good- it's the usual pizza place fare which is pretty hard to screw up.  If it's late and you're hungry and don't feel like running out anywhere, I'd say go for it!
