5	You'll get personal and competent service at this small shop on Craig Street.  The glasses won't be cheap, but they also won't break the bank.  Most important, they will look good and will be great quality; and if you have a problem, you'll get all the attention you need to make it right.  I've shopped other places where the sales people are too bored to spend the time it takes to find the right style.  That won't happen here, and I like every pair I've bought.The glasses are great and the service is better.  Once I settled on this place, I became loyal.
5	I stopped in yesterday for the first time and was super impressed by the friendly, attentive and knowledgable staff. The selection of high quality frames was so great that I purchased 2 pairs. I was immediately at ease and never felt pressured to make a selection and felt that I was guided towards the best decision for me. The prices are also very reasonable for such great quality products. I have already recommended Oakland Fashion Optical to my daughter and will not hesitate to recommend it to others.
5	This isn't where I normally go for eye care but I was in a bind. I needed to study for my midterms but wouldn't you know it, I lose a screw in my glasses. So I quickly google map the closest eye care facility and it turned out to be this cozy looking place. The moment I walked in I was greeted with the friendliest hello. I told him that I had lost a screw from the hinge of my glasses and he took one look and said he'd take it to the back and it would be fixed it in a few minutes. Now usually when someone says that those few minutes really means much more but nope. In a manner of minutes he came back with my glasses fixed and looking nicer than ever!
5	"OFO."  This establishment is fantastic for all eye-ware needs.  Not the "cookie-cutter," "run of the mill" items one might find at the chain or department store eye centers.  The owner and staff take good care to provide specialized service and are well trained to understand and meet the needs of their customers and fit them with flattering frames which are aesthetically pleasing and complimentary to the face.  High fashion and unique eye-ware, along with specialty need services make this a great place to shop.  Being treated as a welcomed part of an "extended family," while supporting small business in the local community and City of Pittsburgh, make "OFO" the place to support.   A variety of great shops and dining are within steps of "OFO," as well.I have been having my eye-ware needs met  at "OFO" for many years and have relocated from one end of the United States to the other.  I continue to choose "OFO" and doubt I'll ever change my mind.  I always receive compliments on my glasses or questions about where they came from. It's nice to wear fashionable glasses that look great.  Also I find prices to be affordable but it is easy to carried away because of all the great selection.I encourage anyone to stop in and look about the store.  It will be hard to leave without making a purchase.
