5	An institution. A legend even. The Pie IX location is the original Dic Ann's--it's also the home of one of North America's most original burgers.  The house special is an ultra-flat patty that's adorned only with their secret sauce, and served between an ultra-thin, smashed bun.  This is a burger that was built for speed and Dic Ann's has set land speed records for burgers.The premises haven't changed much since the '50s. Neither have their prices. It doesn't get much more old-school than this and, personally, I wouldn't have it any other way.
3	Ok, what am I not getting here?  Someone took me to this place for lunch yesterday, raving about it and shocked that in the year I have lived here I have not eaten at a Dic Ann's.  At first I wasn't even going to give it a rating because it would be 1 or 2 stars tops and I didn't want to pull it down from all the lovers of Dic Ann's....so maybe it is me?I had a double burger and poutine.  I am not usually a fast food guy, but I find the poutine at Harvey's to be way better!  And for that matter the burgers as well.  I liked their sauce though.  I also liked the originality of the way they serve the flat burgers with squished down buns soaked in the sauce.  Nice work.  It just didn't do it for me though.And old school, cash only!  Who carries cash?Maybe it's an acquired taste!  I'll give it another shot in a few Months when I have a fast food craving again!
5	Amazing and unique burgers!  I usual go to the in Ville D'Anjou near autoroute 25.
4	Awesome burgers and dogs with a great secret sauce!!
1	I don't get it either. And that poutine! Worst poutine ever! Rubbery grated mozerella with some of the meat from the sauce on top and the fries bathing inwhat only can be described as brown hot dog water.No no no no no.... Never again.
5	Not the biggest burger but man they are good,been going to dicanns all my life and go when I'm in the area of any of there locations,,,great Mtl burgers
3	I ordered the double cheeseburger.    It was pretty tasty.    What makes this only a 3 star review was the service.   We were visiting from California and it probably doesn't surprise anyone that we don't speak French.   The server insisted on speaking to us in French and we could barely understand a word.    Her body language spoke volumes though.   She was obviously didn't want to attempt to communicate with us in any way.   She maintained a gruff look on her face and an offensive posture.   No help at all.
5	A Montreal icon! Those famous, amazing, thin burgers! When u want some real junk food to hit the spot this is it! No point in ordering just one cause u will end up ordering another two! Just save yourself the time and order 4-5 burgers like I do lol fries are good (fried in peanut oil) but I don't order em to save space for the burgers! That's what it's all about!
4	A real Montreal institution ! My parents lived nearby so I would stumble in on occasion and still stop by since I moved out. Dropped in this past Friday for 2 cheeseburgers with that special sauce! Take away also available!
5	If i could have one last burger for the the rest of my Life  it would definetly be this one . Best sauce eva ! I love it!!! Yahtzee!!!
2	Not sure  I get this place, they make burgers flat like grilled cheese and add some kind of gravy meaty sauce which coud be good in theory but they want to sell it for 2$ so not much quality there but you have value for what you pay. Sure it gives you a retro experience of what fast food was like 40 years ago but not really in a fun way and I don't think the staff is very friendly and helful based on multiple visits
