5	The atmosphere is very laid back and welcoming. The Ultimate Bloody Louie, their version of a Bloody Mary, is the best Bloody Mary I ever had. The food is very tasty too! I will be coming back here. They have live music on certain nights and $5 hamburgers on Tuesdays. Definitely my type of place!
5	Have had two very good experiences here. One when the place was SLAMMED and another when they were slow. Both times I got the exact same superior service. The martinis are very nice and unique; I appreciate something other than the standard Cosmo, lemon drop, etc. Good specials and the seating is varied (tables, couches) and you're open to sit where you please.  The small plates are good for sharing and I'm pleased to say that they have more vegetarian options that is standard in the area. Highly recommended.
4	I recently ate here for lunch.  I came around noon on Thursday and was seated immediately.  The service was great and the food was really good.  I had the buffalo burger with tater tots, which was only about $10.  I would definitely recommend if you are in the area looking for a laid-back lunch locale.
5	Pleasant surprise for a new place.  Food and service were both excellent.  I had the grilled veggie wrap, which I really liked a lot.
5	Shout out to BAR LOUIE, for being one of the very few restaurants that were open on Christmas Eve. I ordered "The Louie Turkey Burger" which was juicy and delicious. Service was a little slow but the waitress made up for it by being friendly and suggesting dishes. On Tuesday nights order Burgers for $5!!!
1	Disgusting food and tried several plates, all sucked. Service was horrible and it wasn't even busy. Nice beer menu if you're a beer drinker.
4	Excellent service! Even though it was busy, our waitress was on point with everything and came by often. We also had the manager and 2 other staff members check up on us as well. For my drinks, I had Berry Mojito and The Clover Martini. They were both very good but for the berry mojito, you can barely taste the alcohol and had way too much ice. As for my meal, I had grilled veggie wrap, which surprisingly had a lot of flavor and was delicious!
2	Bar Louie is suppossed to be a somewhat swanky martini kinda bar. The others that I have visited, exuded that modern, swanky, professional charm.  However, this particular one seems to lack that touch of class.This place is situated right across from the Hilton, so I figure there must be a good bunch of traveling business types, but nope.. I had a very loud table next door doing shots of sake..I just did not expect such a crowd at Bar Louie.The food was so-so.. I had their fried tempura and dumplings.. The former was worst than fast food fried shrimp. .so much batter.  The latter was a mistake.. Anyhoo.. I left quickly, never to come back.. very dissapointed that this brand has dropped their standards so much..
4	Seriously the staff is funny as he'll. Well at least I can refer to the bartenders ON FAT Tuesday.
2	Are you guys hiring for managers? B/c you need one. Sign said seat yourself - many tables weren't bussed; waitstaff not around much; food marginal. Drinks were OK. Waiter was pleasant, but we had to ask another one to find him to get our check. This is the second time I've been to this location- service was poor the first time but the food was better. Prob won't come back!
5	My new favorite place to have a drink in the university area!! Good food, good drinks, and good atmosphere. All specialty burgers are $5 on Tuesdays. My favorite so far is the Grand Lemondrop Martini and the Backyard BBQ burger. Will be back!!
3	This place was pretty good.   I had the BBQ burger and it was pretty good.  Not the best burger in the world but I thought it was better than most chains.   The best thing was the beer.  It was so cold it had pieces of ice floating in the glass.  That is how beer should be served.   My wife had a burger as well but she substituted the beef patty for a Portabella mushroom.  She said it was amazing.   Only thing is that you have to pay more for the option.  Why would a mushroom cost more than a beef patty?  Oh well!  The service was excellent.  I can't recall his name but the guy was on top of things.  Very friendly and kept checking on us to see if we needed anything else.    Overall nice place.  We will definitely come back.  Seems like ordering different appetizer's and drinks will be a better idea for our next visit.
4	Sit at the bar or bar stools and your service should be as excellent as ours. All the martinis we had were "on Pointe." For the university, they've upped the ante...
2	I've been here twice. First time we sat in a booth in the back away from the bar and there were fruit flies all over the place. One fruit fly even decided to take a bath in my friends drink. Service was very slow. My wife ordered a wedge salad with no onions and the server brought it with onions.  She order one of the featured cocktaisl and had to send it back  because of the overwhelming amount of sour mix used by the bartender.  Our friends drink was mixed very poorly as well but he just mixed it  with his sweat tea to cut the taste. The second time the service was even slower.  My wife ordered the wedge with no onions again, and again the waitress brought out one with onions.  The service is just too slow and there is nothing special about the food or cocktails. I would rather go to the TGI Fridays or Applebee's  across the street than come her again just to be disappointed.
5	Great place..food is great service is awesome prices are good specials rock will definitely go back.
3	It's a cool trendy spot in the University area. Drinks are good and the food is decent.. Service is lackluster.. Will visit again, maybe it was just an off day.
2	Let me start off by saying that our experience today was probably a rare thing for this restaurant and we just happened to be there during this not so good day for some of the employees. My husband and I decided to have a lunch date on this beautiful Friday in Charlotte. Neither of us had been to this restaurant but have heard many great things about it, so we decided to stop by for lunch and drinks.  It was around 1:00 when we got there, they weren't very busy, just a few tables. The last time we were in this building it was the previous restaurant before. I loved how they remodeled the inside and the whole vibe was nice when we first got there. We were told to sit wherever, so we did. The gentleman that was our server greeted us and asked for our drink order. We ordered a couple adult beverages and a couple glasses of water.  They seemed to be very very short handed, the only person we saw was him at the time. After about 5-7 min, no drinks yet, and all of a sudden we hear some commotion from the kitchen. Two ladies were arguing and cussing at each other, and when I say cussing, I mean f-bomb at least ten times from one girl and loud enough to hear it word for word. Also sounded like some glass cups being slammed around and that went on for about 5 more min. MEANWHILE, we still have not received our drinks, it's been 15 min give or take. Then our server stopped by our table to apologize for the delay, they are busy, yadda yadda yadda, and doing their best. While he's talking with us and taking our food order, two female employees come out from the back and get back to work. One was the bartender (I guess) and the other was tending to tables on the other side of the restaurant and the patio. So our server took our appetizer order (Calamari and mussels) and our meals (Veggie wrap with salad, and fish tacos) So it's been 20 min or so, and the lady from the bar brings our adult beverages but not our waters, had to wait another 5 min on those.  So we are just chatting and about 10-15 min later, we get the calamari. Then again, seemed that the three employees all went to the back, and the girls start arguing again. I'm thinking that someone is seriously about to lose it and go crazy.......  A couple min later, the bartender chick brings out our food minus the mussels....... My husband asked her "I'm guessing you guys didn't get the mussels did you?" And she said no. No apology, nothing. So my husband said just forget about them then. Our server came by and asked how the food was, good, and I asked for another drink. Apparently he forgot about it and I ended up getting the bartender to get it.  So we finished our food and drinks, paid and left. The only thing that kept us from leaving was we didn't have a ton of time to start over somewhere else, and we were hungry. I understand that people have crappy days, things don't go right at work, etc. but don't be unprofessional and make yourself look bad in front of customers. Act like you care when their order is screwed up. The three workers that we saw this entire visit never cracked a smile, looked stressed out and tense and made the whole dining experience awkward. Please do better, the food was good and I'd like to come back, but I don't want to be in the middle of a cat fight......
3	I've heard really good things about this place so I decided to bring my bestie here for her bday. When we got here we were the only people here and Megan our server was courteous but it took at least 30 minutes to get our food. I ordered the short rib sliders, my bestie got the salmon sliders and my boyfriend got the bacon and fried egg sandwich. I started this review with a two due the lengthy wait but I will add a star because my food was good. I would recommend Bar Louie, just don't come on a Sunday!!!
4	Nice spot to hang out.  The Beef Brisket Sliders and the Chicken Verde Flatbread are very good.  Our server, Anthony, is a rising junior at UNCC and he's the best server we've had since we moved to Charlotte.  He is courteous, smart and FAST.
1	Well the first time I went was in March they forgot to put the pasta in my Tuscan pasta. This monday went for lunch and had horrible experience again. Today i asked my husband to get me the same Tuscan pasta and it never taste the same is full of spinach and barely any pasta or chicken. I am done with this place will not eat here again. May i also add it doesnt have tomatoes in pasta like it should.. every time i went they were not bussy we were the only customers..
4	Great martinis. The appetizers were surprising good. Try the pretzels. Service was good. We go there at least once a month. Great live bands. Jazzy and or blues. Good times.
4	Bar Louie is kinda' in an odd place. With it being nestled between a university area and large corporate centers, I see the crowd as being one sided, primarily happy hour corporate crowd.  Not your typical restaurant, but it can't shake that restaurant feel. With it's dark, modern finishes, I see some swank, but the space is just so large that it's hard to think of it as a lounge.They offer weekly specials, with the $5 burger seeming to be most popular.  I can't recollect on what else I've had there, but I can at least attest it wasn't horrible, albeit wasn't entirely memorable either. All in all, a great addition to the scene and a nice place to grab drinks.
4	Food was good and the ambiance was great.. Sat outside on a nice Friday afternoon. The buffalo chicken flat bread was delicious and the boneless buffalo wings were good and made with real chicken! What a plus!!
3	This was my second time going to Bar Louie after going with family a couple of months earlier. I was impressed at that time and wanted to show bff nice place.I was so disappointed within the same 24 hours.We came to Bar Louie at 1:20am and just wanted a drink and an appetizers, while the window says full menu up till 2:00am the kitchen was closed (it was a Monday well Tuesday Morning) and was feed some bs story about cooking working double, why add on stuff???Bottom line to that story got two drinks and watered down spinach dip for $30.00....Maybe thinking it was a fluk we came back for $5 Burger nite, we love burgers...Food was fine service was awful, im a good tipper and even I was disappointed in my tip.Get the music more upbeat and turn it down a tad and get your wait staff in order and I'll check yall out again next year...
4	Good atmosphere, good food, good drinks. Went on a weekday around 5:00. There was no hostess, but a sign that said to seat yourself. There was ample seating, so that wasn't a problem. However no waiter came out until I asked a bartender to send someone. After that, there were no problems. Good service and food didn't take too long. Definitely would go back. FYI: Drinks are $10. It's not on the menu. Thought you may want to know. Chocolate martini is great!
4	Came here last night. Service was great and the food was just as good. They have a full bar but also have a wine selection as well. I had the buffalo chicken flatbread which was really good and different for me. This place is pretty new so it looks great inside and has a nice ambiance too. This is a place where you can come and hangout with the homies and watch a game or take someone out for a low key date for good food and conversation. There's plenty of different types of seat selections too.They also had live jazz music last night, where local musician Harvey Cummings and his band did a great job mixing traditional jazz music with a little bit of RnB and neo soul. Overall, had a great time and I'll definitely be back.
3	I went here right after they opened on my birthday and nothing really stood out.There was lots of hype after this place took over the old Smokey Bones building.They had a few "promo days" with free apps and whatnot. A lot of my peers went. When I decided to try it out, the food was alright, drinks were alright (pricey), and the waitress was sweet and attentive. The one thing that made me say "what the heck" was when my friend ordered calamari and there were literally five measly strips stuffed into a martini glass. Cute way to rip off customers and make it look like they're actually getting a lot of calamari for the buck.I would never go out of my way to eat here and have never said "hmmm I'm craving bar Louie tonight." But it's not terrible either.
3	I'm very torn in rating my experience at Bar Louie.  The food was excellent, the service was good, but the wait time was horrendous.  My co-worker and I arrived for lunch around 12:15 PM on a Friday afternoon.  I was immediately impressed with the interior of the restaurant.  It had such a different look and feel than the building's previous occupant, Smokey Bones.  Bar Louie has an upscale atmosphere, yet it's a casual place.  We were advised to seat ourselves, so we chose to sit outside on their (new) patio, which was connected to the interior of the restaurant by a large open garage door.   We were quickly greeted by our server and had our orders taken.  Cut to 45 minutes later before the food finally arrived.  Mind you, we're on our lunch hour.  That means 3/4 of our time was spent just waiting.  That doesn't even include the drive to and from the restaurant.  My burger (the Blue Louie) was delicious.  It was a very thick burger with blue cheese, hot sauce, spinach, and bacon, accompanied by a side of tater tots.  Everything tasted fresh and hot, so it's not like the food was sitting there waiting for it to be brought out to us.  That meant that the kitchen was backed up, which is difficult to understand when the restaurant wasn't that busy, even for a Friday at lunchtime.  I felt like the restaurant didn't respect our time.  Moreover, just before we left, the manager came over and greeted the table next to us where people were dressed in suits (we were more casually dressed in jeans and polo shirts) and asked them how everything was.  He never came by our table to ask how everything was.  He never came over to apologize for the severe delay in our meals.  Is 45 minutes reasonable for a burger?  I think not.  I felt like the manager was being partial, like I wasn't the type of clientele they wanted, so he didn't care how my experience was.  Mind you, I spent $15 for lunch, which is about twice what I normally spend on a decent workday lunch.  The couple at the table next to us didn't seem very happy when they left either, waiting a long time, and had to get up and get their own check.  So, while I really liked the food and atmosphere, I think the wait time for sandwiches was utterly ridiculous.  More ridiculous was the fact that there apparently wasn't a decent manager on duty to step up, take charge, and own up to the problems they were having.   I might go back, but it obviously wouldn't be during my lunch hour.
2	It's my 1st visit here at this location. When we 1st walked in someone told us to sit anywhere we wanted. We did that and was immediately told to move because the tables were reserved. We moved to another table and waited 5 mins for someone to show up. Our waiter Anthony was very nice. We ordered drinks took 20 mins to come out the waiter apologized for the wait and said something about the bar dropped the drinks and he talked to the manager to come talk with us - mgr never showed up. We finally got to place our food order but after 30 mins he stopped by to say he didn't know what was taking so long and apologized again - once again he said he spoke to the manager. When our food finally came out it was cold and not good, we sent it back and cancelled the order. The mgr did come out and apologized & took care of bill. We left after being there over an 1.5 hrs to find something to eat at another restaurant that wasn't cool.
1	Horrible, and I mean absolutely horrible service. Went there on a sunday night with a group of 7, and unlike other places that charge gratuity with 8 or more, Bar Louie charges it with 6 or more people. I ordered an appetizer to split with my gf, had 2 beers and she had 2 mixed drinks. Our total came out to over $50 after waiting 20 mins for the server to get our checks right. If you are on a budget and want to have a good time, this is not the place to go. Everything on the menu is highly overpriced. Will not be a repeat customer
1	Save yourself a trip...do not go here.  They water down their drinks, and the waiter was terrible.  The food was average...go to FireWater instead. It's around the corner, better food and drinks...ask Rob the bartender for his opinion on the food and you can't go wrong.
5	I am a little surprised by the negative reviews. I have always loved Bar Louie and was excited to see one pop up in Charlotte. The atmosphere is great and the lights are dimmed. I have been here for lunch and after work dinner/drinks. The waitress I had both times was awesome. She was super attentive. I got the buffalo chicken flatbread twice. It is really good! I tried my friends mussels and they were absolutely delicious. They make great martinis. It is my favorite place in the University area to grab some reasonably priced good food. I can't wait to try other items on the menu!
2	Ok. Let me start off by saying that Tuesday's are the BEST day to come here if you want a cheap, not so fast, meal. $5 burgers -&- fries/tots (circa $5.38 w/ tax). This is why it automatically gets 3 stars. The downside to this is that their demand + quality = unsatisfactory @ times. They started making the burgers (meat portion) all "well done" which allots the burgers to become dry. I personally like mine medium-rare because it remains juicy and is not overcooked. The tots/fries are a hit/miss depending on 1) party size & 2) the number of customers ordering. This also has an effect on the overall service. When I was there, the waitress messed up over half of the orders because she did not write it down. When I did get my food, the tots were basically croutons. My burger was on the point of crumbling into dust b/c it was so dry (and I added ranch, ketchup, and a fried egg was on it). The drinks are definitely overpriced. They are located by UNCC, so they should absolutely lower the prices for drinks for students. The actual venue is set-up nicely, but it was extremely cold and the waitress did not know how to adjust/turn-off the ceiling fans (or didn't even try for all I know). Overall, the price for the burgers + fries/tots is worthwhile, but how they handle customer volume needs to be more embedded in their training program. O_o********************Update 11/19/2014 - Bar Louie is now making you buy a fountain drink if you get the $5 special. Therefore, your bill is now roughly $10.00 w/ tip included. I went there for the $5 burger + tots, not for a freaking soda. I will not be back here for a while because of this peculiar & random add-on. Thanks Bar Louie for ruining the special. I will not tell anyone else about you guys! o_O
4	Within walking distance to our Hilton hotel, this restaurant/bar is loud and large! They had great HH deals, and I went with their version of a peach bellini that included peach vodka! Woo wee, it was a good one, that I had 2!Most of us opted for their flat breads (tasty!) and burgers, and I got the fried chicken sandwich with tator tots (how often do you get to eat these at a restaurant?) with a side of mac and cheese which is a must for me!Service was pretty good for our party of 15, and our food came out quickly enough! My fried chicken sandwich was perfect, that I annhilated the whole thing! Tator tots were the perfect complement to the greasiness of my meal. It was a hit with my peers. Mac and cheese, I didn't care so much for it, although everyone else liked it. It wasn't the creamy cheesiness of mac and cheese that I enjoy.Prices are really fair here too, and would be back if I was ever in the area!
4	Great atmosphere and service is goodHalf price flatbreads till seven and it was great
2	Came here on a Saturday night. Supposed to be live music at 9pm an hr later still no live music. The food is mediocre at best. By pass this place and go to boardwalk Billie's around the corner. Much better bang for your buck.
1	Horrible serviceI brought 5 guests to this establishment on January 2, 2015. My friend wanted to order a drink that was not listed on the menu. The waitress stated that the drink could not be made nor did she understand how to ring it up. So my friend ordered another drink on the menu. One of my other friends asked the bartender if he knew how to make this drink and he said yes. So then we told the waitress we wanted the other two drinks. She said it's too late and we asked to speak with the manager. He rudely states the drink was made and did not offer to make the other drinks. Both the waitress and the manager had a careless attitude as the waitress slammed our drinks on the table.  Please make sure bar Louie hires competent staff member that know how to make customers have a pleasant experience. Would I return? Maybe if a new manager is on duty and a waitress that tries to accommodate the customer. This is a nice establishment with lots of potential.
