1	Okay it's really all Chase Banks in general but mostly the one located @ 35th ave & Bell Rd.....I just don't understand what gives them the right to harass me every time I go to cash a clients check. No it's not to just check the account to see if the cash is available, it's MOSTLY in my opinion to harass me about why I don't have a banking account and then to try & talk me into getting one. I could understand maybe once or twice...But every time I go cash a check there which is on a regular basics. And to be honest..."It's none of their damn business why I don't have a Banking account, Am I right? I just don't feel like I need one at this time & that's that! No matter how many times they tell me the same speech about why I should get an account won't change my mind as a matter of fact I have learned one thing. When I do get a banking account, I promise it won't be at a CHASE BANK!  Also makes me upset that Chase is the only bank that charges me a fee every time!  Just cause I choose not to have a Banking Account with them!  Which in turn I pay out of my pocket.  I don't feel it's right for me to make my clients that do choose to bank with Chase pay that fee.
5	I am sooooo excited, it's my lucky day! For the first time EVER, when I walked up the teller, saw the coin drawer and I instantly felt like I won the lottery. I saw a heaping stack of silver dollar coins and a stack of fifty cent pieces as well. They're all mine!!! My daughter's coin collection is so sweet now. Don't worry, I'm taking them straight to the safe deposit box. This is going to be insanely valuable. Thanks to my visit at the bank today, my 3 year old daughter now owns coins from Elvis Presley's hay-day. Thanks so much to whoever gave their collection to Chase.
5	I have had a one off- where I over paid with my bill pay to my car that I had just paid off. I couldn't get any help from the loan company or chase customer service on the phone. I stopped by here and Jim Roe, the branch manager, has spent over 2 hours on the phone dealing with my issue. He has talked to countless people from chase and and the loan company to find where my money is. I was so frustrated before coming in, I felt like no one wanted to help me or understood. Jim has been the most helpful person I have encountered in a very long time. If the manager would do this for me, then his staff would do this for you too.
