1	I placed a carry out order got all the way there to pick it up and was told they didn't have crust. Really you're a Pizza Hut. There was no one manager there to talk to I will be calling back on Monday after 4 as Terrance told me. Very disappointed and will make the extra drive from now on. At least I will get to deal with professionals that dare about there brand.
1	The pizza itself is pretty good,  but the delivery service is terrible. They are always late showing up.  Last week I ordered 2 pizzas for my family an hour and a half before we had to leave the houseand was govern an eta of 45 minutes.  1 hour and 5 minutes later they finally got there.  I called to complain since we had enough time to pay for the pizza and set it on The counter before leaving. No one had a chance to eat. I was told they were short handed and they were sorry and would credit my account so I could get free pizza next time. Fine. So today I called at 1030 to order my pizza and was told they would be here at 1145 - probably giving me a long estimate because it's Friday and they know they were late last time.  This time they show up at 1205...unbelievable.  we're never ordering from pizza hut again.
2	First off let me state that normally this store has provided me with great service and product.  However, on 12/18/13 we ordered several of the pzones.  The delivery service was great, and the delivery from this store has always been great.  The pzones themselves were real good.  However, the marinara sauce that they gave for the pzones was the worst excuse for a dipping sauce I have ever experienced.  The sauce was so thinned out it was like water.  Dipping the pzones in that sauce was useless.  The dipping sauce just washed right off of the pzone.  So the lackluster dipping sauce just ruined the pzones all together.  I don't know if this is the way their marinara sauce that comes with pzones is supposed to be like, but if it is I will never order the pzones from here again.  I'll just stick to their pizza or order from a different pizza place.This was definitely not what I have grown to expect from a National chain like Pizza Hut.UpdatePizza Hut contacted me and gave me a credit towards future purchase due to my experience.
1	Just got two of the new pizzas with pretzel and a chess are crust. Also,Parmesan garlic wings...and the chili wings. There was more,but these items stood out. The pizzas were the worst I have ever had from any Pizza Hut,and the wings had little flavor. Whoever owns this franchise needs to do something about this pathetic food.
