4	Not a bad place to eat and drink. We passed this place a few times heading to our hotel and it looked decent from the outside. Menu on their website looked yummy. Had the beef and salmon tartar. Salmon tartar was better. Then had the steak with foie gras - excellent! All the drinks I had were good. Hopefully you'll get Anthony the Bartender when you're there - super friendly and can make recommendations on places to go during your trip to Montreal.
4	Hotel bar alert! Don't expect to meet locals here.Gazette is on the 1st floor of the Westin Hotel. For any SPG platinum members staying at the hotel, there is happy hour (5-7pm) complementary drinks and breakfast included.My husband and I have stayed at the Westin Montreal a few times and prefer this hotel to any other in the Starwood group in MTL because of this bar. The bartender is the same from years ago--a sign that it is well managed. Service is excellent. We got draft Unibroue in full pints and watched FIFA games. Staff are super friendly. They played with our baby and will make recommendations if you are touring around town. For breakfast, they have a solid buffet. As a frequent Westin guest, I would say it is on par with any updated Westin in North America or Europe.
4	The restaurant is actually attached to Le Westin Montreal. I went here during my stay and did not get a chance to eat here. However, I was at the bar getting drinks and some more drinks.Service was great, bartender was friendly and attentive. Ambience is cool and sophisticated...
3	We've been staying here at the Westin for the last couple of days and have dined here two breakfasts and a lunch.  The food is decent and the people are nice but this is one of the slowest in service I've experienced.  The breakfast is a buffet and typical of buffets the food is never hot.  There are a lot of servers but no real service. None of plates were ever cleared and the waiter stopped by only a couple of times.  In fact, he delivered some eggs I ordered but never cleared the plate underneath.   It's terrible and this happened both days!  We also ate lunch here because we didn't have a lot of options on New Years and there were only a few other people in the restaurant. We still waited 45 min for soup and a burger!  Honestly if I didn't stay here at the hotel I would never dine here.
4	Went for a family New Year's Dinner on the first. The service was excellent, though we were in no hurry and had ample time between drinks, starter, main course, cheese course and dessert.  The Caesar salad was ample and not overdressed--surprisingly fresh given it was at the end of the holidays. The BBQ ribs were served a la haute cuisine with roast root vegetables under the rack of eight perfectly cooked, fall-off-the-bone pork short ribs. Presentation is a concern. Over all, the dining experience was great, like most hotel restaurants, though, it's no bargain.
