4	My friends and I were in Montreal for the weekend, and we decided to check out Montreal's Chinatown. It was around 5pm on Saturday, and after walking around for a bit, we decided we were hungry and wanted dinner. It was hard to tell which of the restaurants were good, since it was too early for the restaurants to be crowded, and some of them looked sketchy from the outside. We eventually settled on Mon Shing. We ordered spring rolls, fried wontons, yang chow fried rice (pork & shrimp), beef with chinese broccoli, mapo tofu (tofu with pork, scallions and spicy sauce) and 1L of the house white wine. The wine came out first, and was actually really delicious, and only $22. The food came out quickly and was good. Not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but definitely good. There was SO MUCH food. We finished the appetizers, wine and broccoli, but left half the fried rice and 3/4 of the tofu. It was all really delicious- we just couldn't finish it. With our check, they gave us 8 slices of oranges and 3 fortune cookies. Yummy! The meal took just the right length of time, and as we were leaving, there was a decent line of people waiting to be seated.Definitely go if you're hungry and looking for solid, cheap Chinese food. With tip, the meal cost us about $20 each for a liter of wine and more food than we could eat!!
3	We were starving and came across this place, and because of the cheap prices for lunch, we decided just to eat here.  Lunch came with choice of soup, rice, and an egg roll.  We had the singapore noodles with shrimp that costs 4.25 and the hunan beef which cost $6.  Both were actually quite flavorful, however we could have done without the egg roll which was essentially just stuffed with bean sprouts.  The wonton soup and hot and sour soup were also nothing special.  At least we came out full...both our bellies and our wallets!
3	The food here was delicious, the prices were amazing, but we had a terrible experience. Prices: $27 bought us a 4 course menu (soup, egg rolls, two entrees, fried rice, and oranges/fortune cookies). We only had about $35 Canadian left on our last night and this was definitely the way to get the most out of it. They had 5 different 4 course menus so you could pick your combination of food. Unbeatable.Food: Delicious. We had been to the restaurant next door the night before so had a pretty fresh comparison. To start we had the shrimp cake soup with greens. The soup base was under seasoned (we added soy sauce) but the shrimp cakes were extremely flavorful and the greens were bright and still had a bit of a crunch. The eggrolls were way too oily and just had salted bean sprouts in it...gross. The salt and pepper shrimp was incredible. I removed all the fried parts from mine and the flavor was still incredibly strong. The shrimp themselves were high quality.  The fried rice was flavorful but subtle ( soy sauce wasn't the main ingredient). Finally we had a chicken stir fry - amazing. The chicken was so moist and high quality and the vegetables were perfectly prepared. The food was so good and so high quality, I wondered how they could afford to basically give it away.Service: Terrible. I am usually a very generous tipper, but this was a no tip situation. We got our first two dishes relatively fast. Then a huge party sat behind us, the place got a little busy and they forgot about us...for half an hour plus. When we were finally able to get the waiters attention(we were in a corner) he came over annoyed and waved us away as we tried to explain that we hadn't gotten our main dishes. He brought the dessert serving and then the check. When we tried to explain again that we hadn't gotten our main courses, he didn't believe us, had to bring another waiter over to verify before finally getting our food 10 mins later. Seriously, why would we lie about not being fed?? They brought the food with no apology. Terrible.We get that our experience may be isolated, so take it with a grain of salt. Great deal, great food, questionable service.
1	Mon Shing, where bad service is the thing...So we had finished up a morning of exploring the Jardin Botanique and were thinking Chinese food so a trip to Chinatown was in order.And Mon Shing seemed promising enough at first, with a $28 feast for two people that would satisfy our cravings.The place seemed authentic and there were plenty of locals happily lunching. It's a testament to the diversity of Montreal that in a Chinese restaurant you can hear so many different languages spoken. I should have known to retreat and flee the scene when the waiter yelled to me, after asked if they have bottled water, "Across the street!" and motioning to some other establishment.There was enough oil and grease on the initial spring roll to have been left over from the BP spill.The shrimp ball soup was actually tasty and was the highlight of the meal (not including our exit, of course).The fried shrimp was way too salty and left a bad aftertaste in my mouth.The rice that accompanied our main course of chicken consisted of shrimp, pork and peas. The peas were barely defrosted, as in, I could still taste the freezer.Our chicken was tough, stringy and obviously a cheap cut. Poor service combined with sub-par food makes for a 1 star review. Fortunately the aftertaste of this place was washed away by the gourmet food festival going on at Poinet-a- Calliere museum.
5	Came here tonight after being disappointed from Congee Queen in Toronto. Food here was quite delicious!!Interior: Not uuberly roomy, but enough seats that we didn't need to wait at 9:30 at night.Food: To start, Bu Bo tofu soup. it wasn't the tastiest :(, gotta add the white pepper. The lobster (ginger scallion cooked), crispy chicken, snow pea leaves, tong choy, yeung chow fried rice, and salt pepper pork chop were all fantabulous!Service: Prompt and accommodating Overall: 4.2 stars, but 5 stars cuz it's definitely better than 2.5
4	I have a little secret to share. I have this thing where I like to go to Chinese Restaurants in Montreal and try to order "off-menu" meaning, disregard what the menu says and ask if they can create something that I know would be awesome.  This also lets me get a good idea if I'd like their food or not because sometimes the chef is fine, but it's just the dishes that I find not so appealing. Believe it or not this works in about 90% of the Chinese Restaurants here.  Sometimes I just dont feel like a spring roll, or general tao or something in peanut sauce. I came here and ordered a crispy noodle chow mein, with tofu, chicken, chinese mushrooms, broccoli and in a sauce that was slightly spicy and not sweet. I got exactly what I envisioned and it was delicious, my friend got a quarter duck (quarterquack) , bowl of rice. We both had a filling meal, and the service was great. The server accommodated to what I wanted with no problem. We joked around for a bit. Prices are very affordable, and best of all we showed up at quarter to midnight, and sometimes there is not a lot of selection when it's that late. Mon Shing is open til 4am! There were a few tables of people that were there as well, so it seemed like the place to go for some midnight eating.
4	While wandering around Chinatown looking for a place to have lunch we stumbled into Mon Shing.I ordered the watercress/shrimp ball soup and my husband got some Singapore noodles, we also shared shrimp dim sum.I loved my soup, it was great and so were the dim sum, the noodles were okay - nothing special, I drowned them in sriracha which helped a great deal.The service is a little on the cold side but I didn't really care, it wasn't bothersome.Prices are very reasonable.We will be back, because I want to try more of their soups (bird's nest for one).
5	Food is excellent! Looks very inconspicuous but really great tasting dishes. We ordered lobster with ginger, general tao, beef flank with flat noodles, and fried mustard greens.
