4	I love this place, but the only reason I am not giving this place a 5 star is because when it comes to BBQ only Texas Roadhouse gets a 5 star rating IMHO.  Waldos is inexpensive and good, and worth a visit if you have never been there and are looking for yummy BBQ.Fun environment, and funny pictures with funny sayings on the wall and they ALWAYS have sports playing - so thats a bonus.  Great place overall!
2	The food at Waldo's isn't bad.  It's not even close the best BBQ around, but for the cost, it'll work.  My biggest issue with this place is that the service is normally very slow and sometimes really sucks.  We went there last night and it had a few open booths to sit in but there was a 10-15 minute wait to get a seat because they only had one person waiting tables.  I would have had no problem with the wait, but I know from past experience that they seem to run thin on wait staff here and service suffers as a result of that.  The last time we ate there, everyone in our party had food come out at different times (5+ minute spacing between bringing plates out) and drinks sat empty until one of us got up and pulled the waiter aside to ask for refills and the rest of our food.  If you want cheap BBQ and don't mind weak service, this is probably one of the better choices in town.  If you like to drink while you dine and have your waiter/waitress pay attention to you, this isn't the place.
4	Cheap. Tasty. Rocks.The pulled pork sandwich and their special fries (i forget what they call them. They're the seasoned deals.) hit the spot. Been meaning to go back ever since. Unfortunately they're located in B.F.E.
2	I've been to the Mesa location, and had a high opinion before walking through the front door.When I opened the front door, I wanted to be greeted with the smell of smoked meats, so strong it knocks me backwards. In this case, I was greeted with: "I'll be with you in a minute". Kind of a letdown.  Yeah, the great BBQ smell was AWOL.Deciding on the Sampler entree, I received pork, brisket and a hot link.  Ouch, the brisket was dry.  Unfortunately, so was the pulled pork.  Is this Waldo's related to the Mesa Waldo's?  It just might be, because the hot link has good taste, good crispy crackle on the skin. It even has a little heat.Their house BBQ sauce is great, but good BBQ should stand alone, the sauce is meant to compliment.The cowboy beans were like a plain pinto, and didn't have a good smoked flavor. Most other places use the pan drippings and have bits of meat, which add flavor.  Hope you're paying attention to this, owner of this Gilbert Waldo's.  Their spicy fries were good seasoned french fries.Should I have been surprised that their peach cobbler and apple crisp used canned fruit?  The presentation was adorable in tiny skillets. For $0.99, you can get you a little something sweet.Will I be back?  Probably not.  There are too many other places I haven't tried.
2	Gone down in quality and service.   Mashed potatoes are horrible now. The meat was still just as good as ever, but two stars cause they changed the portion size (but same price). Don't know if I went on bad day. I'll give another chance since I'm such a huge fan but this was sad today.
4	YUM! Big portions, good/tender meat, tasty the next day too.  Bigger variety than Joe's BBQ.Unlimited refills of sides and their BBQ sauce is really tasty!Service was a little...odd, but won't stop us from going back.
4	Back to standards this time. Service and food. So glad. Was worried for a bit that something had happened.  I love the pulled pork and beef combo.  I hope whatever weird thing I went through last time will never happen again!
4	Went to Waldo's for the first time tonight with family who were in from out of town.Walking in the door, we could smell the smokeouse and that whetted our apetites so we were happy that before we could settle into our seats, cornbread magically appeared before us on the table. It was great because we were VERY hungry.I don't eat pork, so I ordered the Beef Back Ribs, which were so juicy and tender and just fell off the bone. Unfortunately they didn't have any house salad left which was the side order I would have preferred. I removed a star for the lack of house salad. Instead I ordered the seasoned fries and boiled corn on the cob.The others in my party ordered pork ribs and said they were some of the best they'd ever tasted.It was $2 rum & coke night and of course I ordered one, it came out in a mason jar and was delicious!The manager Joe came out and charmed my entire party. He even snuck us a lil taste of something sweet. This is a great place to eat. Go there and try it out.
3	We found this place by driving by. When we walked in I was blown away by all the interesting, cool and funny decor. I enjoyed the enourmous mason jars they served our drinks in that was very cool. The selection of food was good but I tried the pulled pork me which was dry. I didn't enjoy it but I was hungry. The only thing that made it decent was the awsome bbq sauce they have which was tasty :P. I also had the beans which was terrible. They had no flavor at all and the corn bread they served had no taste. Don't get me wrong this place is clean, staff were friendly and price is right but I wouldn't come back again 'cause the food was blah.
2	I hate giving bad reviews to locally owned businesses... but like Abe Lincoln, I too cannot tell a lie. I love me some BBQ and had high hopes when I found this small shop in my neighborhood. I walked in on a weekday afternoon and there was only one other couple sitting down to eat. No staff were to be found- we had to wait more than just a few minutes to be greeted and sat at a table. After sitting down, it was another few minutes until our drink orders were taken, although after they had arrived, I did enjoy the mason jars full of pop. After about 20 minutes, our food was brought out... mine about 5 minutes before my lunch date, so mine was cold by the time theirs arrived (because I'm polite like that and didn't want to eat before my friend). The food was good, but not awesome enough to make up for the poor service. And, after reading a couple other reviews saying the same thing, I'm willing to bet it wasn't just the one day I was in there. Will I be back? Probably not. I have several other BBQ places in the valley that I have enjoyed the overall experience far more.
2	Coming out of Men's Warehouse I was hungry and was drawn by the smell in the parking lot - looking around I noticed Waldo's BBQ and determined that was the place. I walked in and was promptly seated. I thought the deco was nice and the dining area large. It wasn't very busy at the time, but it was still noisy.  A couple of kids were in the restaurant banging their feet and screaming. I thought someone in the back just stuck the pig. Looking at the menu with the mason jar of sweet tea and a BBQ Baker (which is a baked potato topped with your choice of meat) The waitress brought out two plates with Mexican corn bread and took our order for tea. I thought could it be? Maybe this will finally be good BBQ in Arizona and replace what I lost in Atlanta. My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw on the side instead of on the sandwich was advertised. I went with the sampler - chicken, pork and beef.  We each chose the horsey potatoes (mashed potatoes with a hint or horseradish) as our side. I also got sweet potato fries with my dish. She asked if we would like an order of onion rings for $2 - and when the rings came out they were excellent. Okay, I am done with the highlights...The sweet tea was descent, but not that sweet - and disappointing to me was the lack of refills. I don't know if they were not available or I was just not offered one, but either way my drink went empty. For the sampler I was envisioning maybe a piece of chicken, a small piece of beef and a small piece of pork. Instead it was a plate of pulled various meet. The BBQ sauce was served separately in a bowl that I had to spoon out and drizzle over the meat. The mashed potatoes were a little runny and did have a hint of horseradish, but were overall non-impressive.  The sweet potato fries appeared to be frozen. Maybe they weren't, but they were thin, had an odd appearance and no flavor at all. If someone blindfolded me and allowed me to eat it I wouldn't know it was sweet potato. The server had limited personality. She tried to talk about the Super Bowl and how last year she worked by herself and it was slow, but that was about it. When she came back and asked if we needed a box, our answer of no appeared to disappoint her as we did have food left.  There were several dishes on the table, which she didn't remove. When she checked up on us and we ordered the warm pecan pie with the side of ice cream, she didn't remove dishes. Only when the dessert came out and she had no room to sit the plate down did she remove dishes - and then it was only enough to make space. The rest remained on the table.  The pie, by the way, was lukewarm at best - not warm enough to even melt the ice cream slightly.  Finally another woman wearing a staff shirt came back and cleared the dishes. As we were finishing I noticed several people coming in - and looking around the place had filled up since we entered. She ran the credit card and brought the receipt back saying you guys better go before I get busy...Don't worry, I will get going. Leaving the restaurant I noticed the sign in the window that said "Sorry, We're Open" ... that makes two of us...The hunt continues for good desert BBQ. This was not it.
1	Hands down the worst BBQ I have ever had.  The super combination was a pile of slop.  The meat seemed to be held in a steamer as there was no definition to the meat it was all gray.  Good BBQ fall off of the bone should not fall off until you take a bite. I was hoping to support a small business, but if this was served in the south they would be run out of town.  On a positive note I did like the "quart of beer".
1	All around bad experience.  Though i will give the server credit as she was very nice.  Wilted produce on the salads that had to be sent back, BBQ sauce that came out in a small skillet rather than a normal house squirt bottle and over done fries that had to go back as well.  I got the Tennesee Sampler that looked terrible when it came out to me.  i should have used my better judgement and NOT eat it.  It was just all around bad.   To top it all off three of the five of us got sick, so much so that both I and my wife stayed home from work.  With two sick days in the last 5 years between the two of us, you know if had to be bad...   To their credit I did call them to inform them of the sickness that hit my family and they did refund the amount of our meal.
5	I've had the pleasure of visiting a few more times. Still great food. The baby back ribs wet are just amazing.Whenever I make it out to the middle of nowhere I have to stop.
1	Not good at all. Bad service. Ok food. Will not return.
4	Went with my husband and 3 kids (one is a 15mo old toddler) to the Gilbert location.  After reading the reviews about the wilted salad lettuce and hit or miss sides, I was a little nervous. My salad was awesome, I think that bad salad review was a year ago, so I guess they hear us.The ribs were so tender and falling off the bone, the beef brisket was good too. The smoked chicken wasn't my favorite, we took that home as left overs and it tasted better the next day...who knew?The fried corn on the cob was great too. The coleslaw  & baked potato was average.The decor was funny, filled with silly signs about humanity and hogs I really, really, really, loved their sauces! Will definitely go back soon.
1	You know you're in trouble when you walk into a BBQ joint and don't smell BBQ. And the interior is dingy and depressing. I'm also not a fan of the cutesy smart-aleck signs like, "If our service is not up to your standards, consider lowering your standards." Sadly, the same can be said of the food.But who cares about atmosphere if the BBQ is great, right? I had the sampler of pulled pork, beef, and brisket, ate about 1/3 of it and stopped. First time in my life I've not cleaned a plate of BBQ. The meat was dry and bland. As for the other food, my wife's salmon was dry to the point of being inedible. The corn bread could take lessons from Jiffy's. Even the salad dressings were oddly awful -- the "ranch" was a watery mess that simply dripped off the onion rings and made no discernible difference in taste. At some point, my wife and I made eye contact and just started laughing. We were both  thinking, how is this possible? I've never written a one-star review and wouldn't if this hadn't been so distressingly bad. (My wife is a gentle soul, and she urged me not to write a negative review, though she did say that the onion rings were "the best of the worst." It was the one dish we finished.)The highlight was the BBQ sauce, which I liked though my wife did not. I put it on my salad.Perhaps I'm too picky, but I love and respect BBQ. Going in, I told my wife "I've never met a plate of Q I didn't like!" I'll have to retire that line now.
1	Boo on this place. SOOO BOO. Boo, HISS. Yeah. It was as bad as they say. The hubby and I opted for this place yesterday after a survey of the area for other eateries. I wanted to try the Italian joint across the way, but no no, no no, he had a hankerin' for some BBQ. So we go in. I never did get the saw dust on the floor. Is it a clever way to keep from ever having to clean it? Just an aside comment; not really anything to do with the food. While we wait, we get water in mason jars. I love mason jars, so I thought we were off to a good start. But then the cornbread comes, and it was all downhill from there. And not in a good way. The cornbread was cold and flat, and I think it had cinnamon or something in it... Another reviewer mentioned taking lessons from Jiffy Mix.. Well, I have to agree with them there. I ordered the sampler with brisket, pulled pork and a hotlink. My brisket looked like it was on the verge of becoming beef jerky--it was SO dry-looking, my pulled pork looked dry and sullen (as if the pig said, "my whole life has been leading up to THIS moment???"), and my link, while tasty, seemed more like breakfast sausage with a little kick to it. My remedy to make it through the driest BBQ on record? BBQ sauce. Drown it all in BBQ Sauce, and all was instantly better. My two side orders were the never-ending sweet potato fries and the fried corn on the cob. The fries were okay; the fried corn I could totally live without. My husband had the rib eye steak. He ordered it medium well; it came to the table medium rare. And it had the nerve to be tougher than cow hide. The "veggies" were pitiful: onion, bell pepper and zucchini. WTH??? So when we finish, I ask my husband, "one star or two?" He says, "half a star." His half plus my half make one whole star. So there you have it.
1	This place is absolutely horrendous. I don't know how long ago they opened but i can predict they wont be open for much longer. Right off the bat we get the new waiter that couldn't recommend anything on the menu if his life depended on it. I'm not going to hold this against him though because it seemed as if this was his first waiting gig and I'll cut him some slack because i know how hard it is. so right to the food... because that's what everyone really cares about.. Drinks: First things first, we needed alcohol, so my girlfriend orders the Oink Oink and i get a Margarita on the rocks. The waiter looked at me kind of dumbfounded that i didn't simply order a beer after pushing the fact that tap beers were $2. Twenty minutes later.. still no Oink Oink or margarita. Apparently there was no bartender on duty that night so our waiter had to wait for his supervisor too come out from the back to make both drinks. The Oink Oink was the size of a bucket but pretty much all ice and the margarita was all margarita mix. VERY little alcohol in either. Total waste of $$ ($6 each). For my second drink I ordered a Bud Light which was supposed to be tap beer but i got a bottle.. 20 minutes after I ordered it and had already finished the meal... Whatever. Appetizer: My girlfriend and I ordered the BBQ Nachos. First off, I know the menu says cheddar cheese, but my instincts told me that it would be shredded cheddar cheese melted on top like it is at every other place. I was wrong. It was the ghetto liquid type cheddar cheese that you were served in high school. If that wasn't bad enough, the shredded pork that was on top was extremely dry (read: sitting under a heat lamp all day) and had zero BBQ sauce. Maybe its because I'm not from around here but when I see BBQ Nachos... I expect some kind of BBQ sauce on them. They were so bad that my girlfriend asked to leave after eating them but i wanted to stick around... after all... it had to get better... right ? WRONG Dinner Special: Nothing special about it. Originally we were going to order 2 separate meals but after such a miserable appetizer we decided to play it safe a split a combo plate with a little bit of everything. The waiter did not take our order until we had completely finished the appetizer. We ordered the Super Sampler ($14), upgraded from the St Louis Ribs to the Baby Back (another $4) and added a hot link (another $2). For a $20 plate, I expected a massive platter of food to come out, but I was disappointed once again. The pork, beef, ribs, and brisket came out on a skillet that was no bigger than a football in length and width. All the food on the skillet looked like leather and everything was mashed together as if it was a pig's trough. You could tell that the food had been sitting out for some time. No wonder why we only waited 10 minutes for the food to come out. The ribs were fall off the bone but didn't have much flavor and were very dry. The pulled pork was OK at best and the brisket was so tough and rubbery that several times, when attempting to pick it up with my fork, the fork just bounced back... I'm not kidding either. The only saving grace was the BBQ Sauce they served us on the side which was delicious. The only reason why we ate half of the platter was because we doused everything in sauce. We didn't finish because even then it was still too gross. 2 hours after we left both my girlfriend were sick to our stomachs. I guess that's what we get for eating old food. Never again! I strongly suggest going to Logan's Roadhouse which is right across from Waldo's. It's very comparable to Texas Roadhouse and has much better food, bigger portions, stronger drinks, much better service, and is as cheap or even cheaper than Waldos. This place is a joke. Sorry for the big post. A lot to complain about. P.S. I agree with Tim about the sarcastic cutesy signs on the wall. I think it would be cute/funny if the food, drinks, etc... were actually good... but it was rather aggravating because of the fact that everything sucked and almost felt like they were laughing at you... or am i crazy ??!? maybe a little of both.
2	The one in Mess is great. Not sure what happened to this place. It's about as average as it can get. Pretty bad when Famous Daves has better BBQ
5	Pretty varied review picture for the place, but must say the wife and I enjoyed our experience there.  Went on a Wednesday night, joint was medium-filled, had the sampler with ribs and three meats, thought the brisket was pretty darn good, sliced a little thicker than I like but very tender.  The new manager came out and talked to us, she was friendly and was kind enough to tell us they just started delivery service about a month ago, we live pretty close so will try that at some point.  My two sons ate free, hard to beat that...
3	Went to Waldos based on friend's recommendation.  The cornbread wasn't very good.  The chicken was excellent.  The pulled pork was pretty good.  The brisket was bad.  Just having fried okra on the menu was good and it was actually very good.  The sweet potato fries were a little coolish, but ok.  Great service and excellent value, especially if you're bringing kids.
5	Wonder Corn Bread when you enter and sit down! Great Beef Brisket! All you can eat Cat Fish special!!! Micro brew beer! Excellent service!!!
1	never mind..just shovel it in arizona. you'll never know the difference.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. But it isn't necessary. Overpriced "BBQ", small portions, terrible tasting food, and lack of service already drug this place into the ground. Don't waste the drive, this place is closed, and I wouldn't expect to see it relocate any time soon. If you really want to have the worst BBQ imaginable, look at their website and find another of their locations before they too close their doors.
