4	Excellent atmosphere, perfect balance of restaurant white noise and music, and speedy service add to the comforting food that may be nontraditional but aromatic.Bread basket: a great variety of parmesan crisps, light breadsticks, and buttered whitesSausage pizza: oregano, peppers, and sweet fennel are aromatically placed with the dainty sausage on top of crispy but slightly dry bread. Do not expect a traditional pizza otherwise one will be disappointed. Imagine a thinly crusted bruschetta but with pizza dough without yeast. Steak and Eggs: the steak is flat-iron grilled and can be chewy or tender depending on how one slices the meat. Medium rare came out between medium rare and medium. The toast comes with jellies from Austria and are phenomenal. The fennel was not thoroughly cooked through, but was made up for by the sweet oven-roasted tomatoes. Eggs were ordered to be over easy and came out slightly overmedium but was yummy.
1	It's so disheartening having a bad meal in Vegas, but that's what happened here. I would've been more understanding with better service but all I can give it is 1.5 starsCost to worth it rating: 1 star (~$20 lunch entrees)Return worthiness: no thank youHighlights:- Open artsy design: green cones on the ground, large windows, and high ceilings- BBQ pork bun: decent representation of Chinese dim sum however accompanying sauce was off putting as well as broken and grainy- Pretzel bun: soft interior with pretzely exterior- Coke products: so many places have the other beverage Lowlights:- Slow service: didn't get drinks or bread for a good 30 minutes, didn't offer butter for bread or refill drinks- Food came out cold: unacceptable at this caliber restaurant but since its newly opened more so that I told waiter and he pretty much just said an uncaring "oh" unpaired with an apology or offer to fix it- Asked for sparking cava only one on menu and waiter said huh and had to study the menu (which only has a few wines by the glass) for several minutes- Croque Madame: most boring tasteless white bread ever, cheese not melted, bechamel congealed and cakey (ham was good however)- Steak frites: tiny portion and we solely ordered it for the poutine (gravy cheese fries) and only when it was being set on our table an hour layer the waiter said they don't have curds yet. Meat was just passable and gravy was all globby.I understand the place was only 2 days old but some things like decent service shouldn't be that hard to offer especially at a locale that us aiming to be upscale. At the very least admit to the mistakes and thank guests for their patience. I doubt I'll be back.
4	I went here two days in a row with my girlfriend for breakfast. Both times, the food was excellent. The first morning I had the Chilaquiles, which is basically pulled pork and tortilla chips put together in a sauce similar to salsa verde. It is paired with scrambled eggs. This breakfast was incredible. The chilaquiles was a new and interesting flavor to me, albeit a bit tangy, but was very tasty. The standout of the morning, however, were the eggs. THE BEST EGGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. I can't explain it, but the eggs are simply incredible. We even went back to the next morning to make sure it wasn't a fluke, and the eggs were the same level of amazing. I asked the manager if they did anything special, he said the only special thing is that they use organic eggs. The service was nice, the staff was very friendly and promptly refilled drinks. For the Diet Coke fans out there, who can notice the difference when Diet Coke from the fountain is good or great, this place is the best. They mix it perfectly!As for the atmosphere, Cafe Vettro has a very earthy and open feeling to it. There are sections with smooth river rocks behind clear plastic, giving a riverbed feel, while the opposite side of this large restaurant has large vertical glass panels with water patterns flowing down. I will be coming back here again!
2	I was very excited to finally check out the very hyped up City Center. I was quite impressed with what I saw from the exterior to the interior of the massive center. Walking up to the hostess area of the Cafe Vettro I was equally amazed with how the restaurant looked. Thinking to myself this would be quite the dining experience. With high expectations we entered the cafe as we got ready to eat. Unfortunately my expectations might have been a tad too high. =\First impressions of the place... Gorgeous dining area and atmosphere. Yet I was quite surprised that there was no line at all during rush dining hours in a brand new resort on the weekend. Didn't add up until later. Even with no line we still stood for a good 5+ minutes waiting for a table although we clearly saw that there were a lot of empty tables (about half the restaurant empty). So we waited awhile to sit even though there was no one in front of us and the restaurant had a ton of open tables... Atleast the food will be good, right? Right?!With a comp at our disposal I figured I would splurge a little, allowing me to try out a lot of the restaurant's offerings. I was excited to see what their menu had in stored for us, but upon opening it up I was immediately disappointed by the lack of items there were on it. I've grown accustomed to other quality cafe's in Vegas which offered a HUGE variety of food on their menu *cough* Grand Lux Cafe *cough*. So seeing 5-6 entrees on the menu was a disappointment. We ordered the Calamari, Crab Cakes, Chicken Lollipops, Pork Bun (Siopao), and Caesar Salad w/ Flat Iron Steak for appetizers. While waiting for our appetizers we were given a beautiful basket of bread. The design of the bread was nice to look at and it almost made me not want to tear it into pieces. The bread tasted like bread. Just wish it could've been warmer... or warm at all. We soon got our appetizers. The Calamari and the Crab Cakes were delicious. The salad needed a lot more dressing and the steak on top was dry and tough. Chicken Lollipops were alright. Didn't try the Pork Buns cause I had dimsum a few days ago.For main course we had the Shrimp Penne, Fish & Chips, BLT Sandwich, the Steak, and Chicken something. Can't say anything too positive or negative about this portion of the meal. It was just alright, nothing out of the ordinary. Which sucks because of the price you're paying for mediocre food. Even the presentation of the meal wasn't impressive.For dessert we ordered the Cheesecake, sugar-free Coconut Cake, Creme Brulee (oh wait, they were out of creme brulee!), and a Strawberry thing. They all had fancy names, sorry I can't remember. Everything was nicely presented and tasted good. Probably the best course of the meal.From my experience I have to disagree with other reviews bad mouthing their service. We were greeted with kind waitresses (3 of them as a matter of fact) every so often asking if we needed anything. I guess it had a lot to do with the lack of other customers in the restaurant at the time we went. My review might seem negative but it wasn't a terrible experience. My expectations of everything in City Center were very high and I'm just sad to say were slightly let down from the meal I had in Cafe Vettro. Service was good, the place looked amazing, but the food was just ok. Which for the price we paid should be a lot more impressive.
1	Wow Aria, I so badly wanted to give you another chance to redeem yourself especially from last weeks the buffet encounter. But today's experience has now secured your position on my list as the casino with the worst food.  I'm at the cafe right now and man.. It was HORRIBLE. - COLD French onion soup, with a kraft size piece of cheese(unmelted) on top, we ordered two and told the server. He apologizes then brought us back two more...one without cheese. The soup wasn't any warmer but for some reason the bowl was burning. - maccaroni nd cheese: simply put, ez mac  is 100x better $15 for a small  tastless watery bowl. I ordered mac and cheese, not some wired cafeteria soup.- shrimp penne: the best one of the bunch(which is not saying much)the only positive thing about this place was the service. I hope aria steps their game up soon, cuz sometimes good looks alone won't get you very far.
1	The primary "casual" dining option at Aria, Cafe Vettro is overpriced with poor service and a completely disorganized kitchen.  The food was good but took WAY too long for what we ordered (salads/sandwiches).  At 1:45 they ran out of bread (which we only discovered after making several requests).  Yes, they gave us a basket of toast to compensante but by then our food had arrived.  They also have at least four hosts who do not seem to really speak with one another.
2	Ugh...for the food you order it is simply overpriced.  I think room service had similar pricing.  If I knew that I would have just stayed upstairs.  Service was ok.  A little slow.  It looked like the staff was on edge a little (maybe from all the bad reviews/issues)  If the menu changes or pricing gets better, I'll give it another try...otherwise I'll just walk across the street
4	I was part of a group of 4 who went for breakfast the first day it opened in Dec.  Decor is contemporary and head and shoulders above most casual restaurants on the Strip.  Server was very friendly and attentive without hovering.  My veggie omelet was delicious and the coffee was superb.  It took the kitchen 3 tries to get the potato pancakes hot; after the second attempt, the manager came over to apologize.   All in all, we really enjoyed our meal and will definitely return.
4	Most of the previous reviewers will be astounded that I chose to give Cafe Vettro 4 stars, but allow me to explain.Compared to the rest of the service received during my stay at ARIA, our waitress was amazing -- friendly, fast, helpful, thoughtful and spot on.  Her name was Penny.  Ask to sit in her section when you go there.The breakfasts were very good and tasty.  For what we paid for a less than stellar morning meal at The Wynn, this was an excellent deal.  We're in Vegas, after all.I've been lamenting about design being chosen over function at ARIA, and unfortunately this applies to the cafe, as well.  First you walk though a Disneyland-like entry with green glass structures, and then based on where you are to be seated you walk through a Disneyland-like maze.  Tables nearest the windows -- although they provide the best view of the massive kayak/canoe piece of art ("The Big Edge" by Nancy Rubins) -- are the farthest walk, and there is no simple, easy throughway.  So much for safety; think about how difficult this is for the servers...and the kitchen is a million miles away!  All the more reason why I want to reward the staff at Cafe Vettro and let management know that the staff here have to work harder than anywhere else to satisfy their customers.Otherwise, it is a nice, bright and open space as far as design goes.Note #1:  when sitting by the windows, you will have the annoying blast of floor ventilation hit your table.Note #2:  we only ate breakfast here, but we did so three days in a row thanks to Penny.  Thanks from the "faux-hawk" crew in San Jose!
1	Again, great looking place.  Bad design in a way, waitress or waiter :), needs to travel a good 500 feet to get to our table.  Descent prices, until you get the portions: huge plates with tiny cup size centers !!!   Salad had stale lettuce,did they use the practice lettuce, from before opening their doors, or from the private party the week before.   Poor waitress, agreed to the shortfalls. Had the steak salad. steak came on a separate plate, and was burned on one side.  Did get her to remove that off the tab.  Are these faux pas cause its a new place, they had almost three years to build City Center, they could have hired and trained their staff to cook better. Sorry Aria...
1	as appealing as this place might look when you're walking past the Aria, do not, i repeat DO NOT go there to eat. its the most disappointing meal you will ever have. the french onion soup had no flavor and it looked like a kraft slice of cheese was just thrown over some slices of baguette. it must have been sitting somewhere for a while because by the time i got twords the bottom of the dish (yes, that's just how hungry i was and i still didn't like it) it was ridiculously salty. FAIL.
2	One of the best looking cafes in Vegas located in the newest casino on the strip. Unfortunately, for a cafe with a limited menu, it seemed to be overpriced for average food.  For the price of the open-faced Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, it wasn't worth it.  Definitely had better elsewhere for much cheaper.The Chillaquilles didn't look or taste like it should.  The texture was soggy and the flavor was dry.  The complimentary bread with cream cheese-tastin butter was better.  At this point, my cousin just couldn't wait to "walk off the disappointment."The BLT, however, was satisfactory with thick slices of smoked applewood bacon, arugula, and tasty basil sauce.If it wasn't for the BLT, I would've given a one star rating only for the attractive decor and new vibe of this place.
5	I do believe this restaurant is actually called "Cafe Vettro." I just ate there over the weekend and thought it was fantastic!! Not overpriced like every other casual breakfast/lunch/dinner place. We had a great waiter that kept us laughing throughout our entire lunch. I had the BLT and my two friends had egg benedict. The portions are on the smaller side, but I tend to like that. They also start you out with a bread basket. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a casual, easy restaurant that is moderately priced. This casino just opened 3 weeks ago, so i'm sure that's why some people had bad experiences.
1	Think of the absolute worst diner food that you've ever eaten and multiply that horrific eating experience twenty times. Think of the most sleek, expensive, well designed restaurant you've seen and multiply that by three times. Add the two.And there you have my experience at Cafe Vettro. Land of the french onion soup that our waiter had to reheat twice and it still wasn't anywhere near hot. It still remained the most salty broth I've ever tasted and get this, the cheese was literally a slice of gruyere that was unmelted and floating atop the soup. And the mac n cheese was some type of watery, shit created concoction with absolutely no flavor.So in that sense, I suppose it's wrong to call the mac n cheese shit. Shit has more flavor.
3	Upon walking in the place is beautiful... (as it should be) only having been open since mid-December. My cousin and I came here for brunch one morning and I ordered a coffee and she had a Bloody Mary. Both drinks were good (I got a whole pitcher of coffee at the table so I could refill it as I desired). She ordered a Croque Madame and was pleased with it. I had a Caesar Salad with chicken and one of their "specials", mushroom risotto. I absolutely love risotto! So I was very disappointed when it came out runny and flavorless. I took a few bites, wrapped it up and brought it home for my boyfriend to eat. He happened to like it so maybe I'm biased and just prefer my risotto's a little thicker with more flavor. My three stars are for the risotto. The service was great and everything but the risotto was satisfactory. Everything else was good... but nothing I would write home about.
2	Ugh.  It was 10pm and we wanted a bite after the flight.  It was the first place we stopped by and they lied to us and said they were the only place open.  The place looks really cool!  It's airy and light and has a really cool glass water fall.  Unfortunately the food was slightly soggy and not what I was expecting for the price. They couldn't seat us in the section we wanted (by the really cool water fixture).  Service was very slow.  I had to ask for the side of berries my waffles were supposed to come with.Hopefully they'll get their act together and make a cafe worthy of that glorious space.
2	All our food was bland and burnt. 2 nights in a row. Probably cuz we stumbled in past 3am. But still. Come on.
3	Came after clubbing while my family was in town. Aunt and mom got too tipsy and had to go up to their rooms so 4 of us dined on our convenient nightcap. I got Steak and Eggs which was a flatiron steak with roasted tomato and fennel, egg, and a potato galette. Okay, the flat iron was good but lacked seasoning and my whole dish was cold but I was effing hungry, had a lot to drink and tired so I didnt complain but it got past the point where it wasn't acceptable- was not warm, cold meaning room temperature...The table and the galette were the same temp.Uncle had a soup and had to send back 3 times as it was cold. The 3rd time he said just stick it in a microwave on high and please don't bring it til it's uncomfortable to hold. BF got a croque madame. Pretty decent, but Bouchon's croque is the tastiest and it's hard to be objective....still it was probably the most consistent and warmest dish we had. It was on the salty side but decent enough. Fries were ok.Stepdad had a chicken caesar and it wasnt that great dressing and dry chicken breast on top. 4 drinks and 4 meals- $90 + not including tip. Not satisfied at all aside from filling an empty belly. It didn't hit that comfort feeling which late night eats should make you feel so you can end the day happy.They arent "stepping it up" at City Center and it's gonna be a flop as none of my family and friends (I have many that visit) will stay at a pretty but subpar place...it makes ME look bad too if they dont have an amazing experience. I'm not having that....we'll hook em up at the Venetian/Palazzo instead! . I tried to sway them to not eat in Aria since we knew of spots that guaranteed would satisfy but I got handled into here for convenience. They thought I was exaggerating saying whats the worse that can happen?. Good thing the fault isn't on me on this one- visitors fault and my stepdad said I'm "right" for once. 2.5 stars. The area is nice and it's right above a club so convenient location, the menus appeal is nice by reading it out loud but dismal standard control on food! Service was okay.  Not for his lack of trying but just how this place is laid out makes it hard to watch tables and serve....poor guy had to travel all about to get food to us from the kitchen way the hell at the other end of this place  and his section was spreadout (Cafe "hugs" the building....more narrow and long) . He was really trying to be helpful with us reheating the soup, apologizing and offering a different entree but the food quality is not his fault nor how it was difficult to give great service. The guy was spread thin with a large area and too many tables for one person. I dunno if I'll be back. I'll give the Aria a few months to get their stuff straight.
1	Nasty overpriced food, slow service...enough said.Only thing it has going for it was that it's the only place open 24 hrs at the Aria.
3	i ordered the vettro salad and added medium rare steak on top (http://bunnylovebaker.blogspot.com/2012/05/wine-dine.html). the meat was very tender and the salad was good! it had goat cheese and proscuitto bits. our waiter was not very friendly. she wasn't mean or anything, but it seemed like she didn't want to be there and was pretty monotoned. the guy who poured our wine for use was more friendly. food good, service okay.
3	Prices are high but the big, beautiful, slightly industrial restaurant is nice to sit in.  I thought the service was great and the iced tea was awesome.  Was it worth $4.50, though?  The food was okay-to-good.  When I arrived there was no line, but as the weekday morning went on there was a consistently long line to get seated even though there was plenty of tables.I think the breakfast buffet at Aria costs around $15 and includes beverages - so I probably should have gone there for breakfast instead.  The breakfast bill for two people was $50 and it just was not worth that much.  I will not be back, unfortunately.
3	We enjoyed it, at there around 2 am on Sat night (Ok, Sun am) and it was pretty good!  We ordered chicken lollipops, steamed pork buns, chopped salad, BLT, omelet and shrimp pasta. Everything was from decent to delicious (shrimp-meh, but BLT OMG).  The wine list was great, good wines around 10 per glass and the mixed drinks were very good.  People watching here at this time of night is priceless!
5	I might be nuts giving this place 5 stars, but I really enjoyed everything about this place. Awesome layout, big open area and it's very bright in the daytime. Had the corn chowder and the steak sandwich. That sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. The corn chowder was good too. I have heard issues about the service here, but our waitress was quick and attentive. This place may be a little bit on the pricey side, but if you are in Vegas gambling - hopefully you get this meal comped or your gambling covers it!
4	Foods was ok for me but anyway i like the restaurant and survice,they are nice and friendly to customer......restaurant  was pretty and price wasn't bad :)
4	I had lunch here a few days ago, during my most recent trip to Vegas. I just wanted something light so I ordered soup and a salad. The soup was corn chowder, which was thick and creamy with good fresh corn flavor and just enough spice to make it interesting! Along with the soup came a basket of great Pretzel Rolls and Raisin Bread Twists. The "Vettro" Salad was huge (so much for eating light!). Full of diced Roasted Eggplant, Zucchini,and Asparagus along with Iceberg Lettuce, Cherry Tomatoes, Feta Cheese, a nice House Vinaigrette and amazing Proscuitto Chips. I am not a big salad guy, but I would order this again in a heart beat! I know there a lot of negative reviews of Cafe Vettro on here, but for me it was one of The best "diner" meals I've ever had. Service was friendly and efficient. Since they are part of the new Aria Casino, they are of course wheelchair accessible. One feature I really liked was the fact that the ramps to the different levels of the restaurant are blended into the design and are hardly even noticeable. I am giving them 4 stars because I can't give 5 based on just a Soup and Salad order. I will be back to try more soon!
2	So after clubbing and getting back to our room at Aria at 3:30am, my wife and I were trying to find a place to eat that wouldn't require a lot of walking. We asked some one on the casino floor and they pointed us towards Cafe Vettro. After a long day/night of drinking, usually anything greasy tastes like heaven... so on with the reviewWe were seated right away around other drunk people as well...good times. After looking at the menu, the only thing that looked appetizing was the steak and eggs. My wife was craving mexican food so the only thing close to that was the chilaquiles. Service was pretty quick and friendly, but we did have to ask for water. Food came out with in 15-20 minutes of ordering...I grubbed pretty hard on my plate, but wished the potatoes were actual hashbrowns, and not whatever it was. My wife had two bites and got grossed out after finding a hair in her food. The waiter took her plate away and offered to make her another one or get something else. He then came back and said the manager approved that there was a hair in her food and we would not be charged for her food. Overall, I thought steak and eggs for $18+ (i believe thats how much I paid for it) would be "heaven" but it was just food to hold me over to the morning. Steak was ok but a little chewy and slightly over cooked. For the value, I don't think it was worth it...sure its convenient if you're staying at the hotel, but I'd just rather order room service or trek to McDonalds for some goodness!!
4	Oh geez I love, love Aria! One of my cousins works at the hotel. We came there to meet her (and her little ones) and wandered off to Vettro to grab a quick snack. I ended up getting a fruit parfait (granola, yogurt & honey) and a cappuccino even though it was like 2 or 3pm. All the fruit was ripe and it was exactly what I was looking for to tide me over before dinner (at 6pm). They had several versions of yogurt parfaits or fruit bowls. I wish the MGM had  a restaurant with a menu like Vettro's. My cousins got a chocolate item straight off the dessert menu. I can't remember what it was called but it had 3 layers (of mousse/filling) and some raspberry in the chocolate cake part of the dessert. My cousins loved it. I haven't been able to find Cafe Vettro's menu online but from what I remember it was pretty diverse. There should be something for everyone and items range from $9-$40?
5	The service was great and quick. The food was fresh and delicious. The Philly cheesesteak sandwich was yummy, but I liked the steak sandwich better. I just had a little here and there off my friend's plate. :)
1	What a shame that such a nice looking restaurant needs so many improvements. It just goes to show that this new hotel still needs to work out a lot of it's glitches. First, the service:  Although the servers were trying hard and appeared sincere and willing to please, it seems like they weren't properly trained just yet. Multiple people came over to ask is what we'd like to drink so it seemed almost like there wasn't any one person responsible for getting our drinks. Then halfway through our meal our server came 3 times to tell us he was leaving his shift and that someone else was taking over and then proceeded to introduce us to the person taking over. That was fine until they stood at our table and continued to discuss how the transfer of service was going to go down. Food:  ordered the croque Madame. Horrible. In particular the sauce was this grainy pasty bland tasting glue, and it was all spilled over this very oily sandwich which totally turned me off. We may go back some day when they get things right but probably not anytime soon.  If you're hungry even if its very late at night, i suggest getting a cab or into your car and get out of the hotel to somewhere else on or off the strip.  even the distance and time you use will be more worth it.
3	Just OK. Service was friendly. But the food took forever to come out! We waited literally for 45 minutes. Food was just OK. I got the Almond French Toast, it was hard and just overall strange. Drinks were good though and I tried whatever my husband had and LOVED it!
3	As far as casino coffee shops go, Cafe Vettro is a cut above. The design is quite interesting. The food is decent, though I did think that the bread (in the basket and their buns) needed much improvement. The staff is incredibly friendly. Prices seem about right for a casino restaurant. The view is quite good.
1	Meh, not much to say here.I ordered the mac and cheese. Not that mac and cheese is the classiest thing in the world but come on, I expected something a little heartier than those little elbow noodles, and I assumed there would be at least a little bit of a crust on the top, as usually mac and cheese tends to be baked unless you're making it from a box. Um, nope. This essentially WAS right from the Kraft blue box, with some bleu cheese thrown in to make it seem "gourmet." You're not fooling anyone Aria, I could've made this at home for about $3!As far as drinks, the Ginger Cosmo was awesome, but I think you can get it at any of the bars in the Aria, so I can't give Cafe Vettro any stars for that.
3	3.5 StarsI'm surprised this place is rated so low. I actually enjoyed my breakfast and if it wasn't for the price, it would probably be a higher rating.We had brunch here before we left Vegas and the items on here seemed almost exactly like the Room Service menu. I guess this is a better option since there is no extra room service charge that comes with your meal. But on the down side, you can't eat in bed in your pajamas. I think you might get kicked out if you showed up here in your pajamas and fluffy robe...The atmosphere is nice. Very modern and clean. And most importantly, no screaming children. We had a nice view of everything happening outside as we dined.I'm kind of blanking on what we ordered since I went 3 weeks ago. I'm old so these days, 3 weeks is a long time to try and remember details.The bf had the Lox Platter and I just ordered the 2 Eggs or something which includes potatoes and your choice of bacon or sausage. The Lox Platter wasn't anything special. They do of course make it look pretty and cut up the cucumbers in rectangles and arrange it nicely for you. My meal was also nothing spectacular. It's pretty much impossible to mess up on scrambled eggs. However, I did really enjoy the sausage. Our friends ordered a Panini and Eggs Benedict. I know they really enjoyed the Panini, but barely touched their Eggs Benedict. Not because it tasted horrible, but because they were really full. They bring out an assortment of breads at the beginning of the meal so it's easy to stuff yourself since they're yummy.[Overall]I'd probably come back and have brunch if I was at Aria, but I wouldn't go back to Aria just so I can dine here. It's just nice to have a decent brunch option if you're staying at the hotel. The only downside is it does get a bit pricey. I think the total for brunch came out to over $100.
2	Food can be found at any Denny's or cafe. Ordered me some steak and eggs after a long night and since we miss the "normal" breakfast hours, I figured I should get at least some meat in me since it was already noon. Service was average, but attempted to be good. Decor was very beautiful with glass all the way to the ceiling, but it doesn't make up for the food. Costs me $45 total for 2 steak and eggs which also included tips and tax. Not worth it especially since the steak had no flavor whatsoever.
2	This is one of the few places in Aria to get a late night snack.  The restaurant decor itself in this place is kind of interesting, and this place is HUGE, but not all fully opened.  The service is really bad.  I asked for crackers with my soup, which I thought was a reasonable request, but felt like I was torturing the waiter.  Food was ok, but pricey for what it was.  Explore other options.
2	I was pretty disappointed with this place. It was late at night so other food option in Aria were shut down so we went here. The decor and ambiance for your typical Vegas Hotel 24 Cafe was the best part of the meal. An open view from the front of the Hotel was nice.The food was over priced and didn't taste very good. Also, we got sat in a booth that was literally shaking from the bass coming from the club... good for the club, not for Vettro Diners. I had a steak, it came overcooked. I would suggesting doing the modest little walk over to Monte Carlo and eating at their Cafe.. that have a good Ruben.
5	Please, don't consider Cafe Vettro just the "24 coffee shop restaurant."  I mean, that's what it is (doesn't every hotel have one?) but it's so much more than that!Firstly, the menu rocks.  Breakfast items that are inventive, beautiful, and a wide selection.  Awesome drinks and desserts to choose from as well.  Just an all-around great menu, that isn't 100 pages long.  The service here is fantastic for a 24 hour restaurant.  I actually felt like I was eating in more of a fine-dining atmosphere the way we received such great service.  Perhaps the best feature of Cafe Vettro (besides being able to eat there at 3am) is that this restaurant has an extreme amount of natural light and is such a nice setting.  Nothing like having breakfast and having the sun peak through the windows, or having a late lunch at Cafe Vettro and seeing the sun set behind the mountains.I recommend Cafe Vettro to anyone who is looking to have a meal at Aria.  The service and menu is just as good as some of the "fine dining" restaurants.
2	Decent food, elaborately plated. Perhaps too elaborate. It's nice to see a casino-based restaurant with windows, but the view is forgettable. Unless you like watching the valet park cars.Service was very friendly, but excruciating slow.
2	I love the ambience...high ceilings-grand windows-comfortable seating-waterfalls everywhere and the menu offered wide selections for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The prices were a bit high but, we expected that at CityCenter. Our waiter Mulet was a GodSend. He was very sweet, patient, and attentive and made us laugh which is always a great thing in my book. My friend and I ordered Lattes and Steak and Eggs at 2pm in the afternoon (yesss!).  When our orders arrived, I was blown away by the portions-steak, 2 eggs, 2 potato fritatas, grilled tomatoes, and toast...the steak was bland-A1 please and everything else was good. Nothing to write home to mom about but I was very impressed with the service at Cafe Vettro.
1	We went to Aria one night for a late night dinner, we assumed the cafe was the only restaurant open. We sat for 15 min. before anyone acknowledged us. It was after 11:30pm and the restaurant was close to empty, unacceptable at a such an upscale cafe. The prices are ridiculous for the simplest "cafe" items. We asked the server if the other restaurants were open and he said he didn't know, after another 5 min waiting for him to find out we left and said we would find out on our own.  We went  to Lemongrass instead which had GREAT food and EXCELLENT service.
3	I really wanted to give this place four stars because the service was on par, the food was delicious however Im subtracting one star for the lack of value.  The food here is pretty expensive for what you get.  I had the Vettro Salad with skirt steak and it was $18.  Yes it was good but it wasnt $18 good.  Also a coke here is $4.50!!!
1	Total waste of money!!!The food is very basic and so not worth $19.00 for a standard hamburger...The ambiance is cool I guess, if you don't like color..The service was not great , the waiter seemed very confused (maybe it was his first day).For $15.00 I got a non-exciting waffle and to go along with it I ordered a side of sausage $4.00 RIP OFF!!! We were better off going to I-Hop.I know this is hotel prices but come on...
1	This is the 1st time I tried eating at the restaurant. The food and service was terrible! I waited 15 minutes to be seated. I sat there for another 10 minutes and the waiter said I'll be right back. She acted like she was busy? Umm...I dont think so? So when I got the menu, I order the steak which was $19.99. When I got it, it was so small!! I had to get a magnify glass! WTF! I paid $19.99 for this? They gave some kind of bread or french fry to go with it. Its hella nasty! Pls don't go to this restaurant. I rather everybody walk across the street to Denny's. The most famous racist restaurant but its open 24 hours.
1	Mediocre food and horrible, horrible service! It's really no wonder that this places has an average of 2.5 stars.My friends and I decided to come here to grab a bite to eat after clubbing at XS, as this was right in our hotel and we were all too tired to go elsewhere. We got to the front of the restaurant and there was no one there (it was around 3 or 4 am but hey, it's supposed to be opened 24 hours), so we walked in and found ourselves some seats. After we sat down, one of the waiters came and told us we couldn't sit there and had to sit at the other side of the restaurant. Okay fine, even though the entire restaurant was almost empty, we move to the other side as they instructed. We then had to wait for a good 10 minutes before we got any service at all. We didn't even have menus so we just requested water for everyone first. Another 10 minutes pass, the waiter comes back with the menus but no water so we ask for it again. Literally yet another 20 minutes later, we finally get our water. We have all just gotten back from a night of partying and are dehydrated, so we are very annoyed at this point because we had to wait over 30 minutes JUST for a glass of water. Finally after scanning through the menus, we order our food. I shared one of the pastas and a pizza with two other friends (I forgot which ones they were and can't find the menu online.) The pasta wasn't too bad actually, but for $15? Not worth it. It was just pasta and sauce. Not an especially large portion either. There's an option to add meat, but it's another $3-5 dollars. The pizza was even more of a rip off. It sounded really appetizing on the menu, but when the actual pizza came, it was just a small personal sized pizza with a few pieces of chopped vegetables. Completely unsatisfying. When it was time for us to pay, the waiter told us that he was only able to take a maximum of 3 credit cards, so we all rummage through our purses and pockets for whatever cash we had left, and put down 3 credit cards to split the bill. The waiter then comes back and tells us that he can only take 2 credit cards because they're only allowed to 3 transactions, and cash counts as one. He didn't make this clear to us earlier and my friend straight out asks him "do you want to get paid or not?" but really, why is it so difficult to pay at this place? By the way, it took him about 10 minutes to bring us the bill after we asked for it and another 10 for him to come back and get it, and yet another 10 to bring it back to us. We pretty much just sat there waiting for 30 minutes after finishing our meal.With the same amount of money that I spent, I would rather take a taxi to a mcdonald's off the strip and order off of the $1 menu. The service would probably be better and quicker there too.
2	What could make a person feel worse than losing a load of cash at the tables and getting shot down by hundreds of women at the club?  It would have to be ending up at a late night dining experience at this joint.  Granted this spot is open 24 hrs a day, its hard to like it after its so inconsistently shitty.  It's like moody bipolar girl with good days and bad.  When's the best time to go?  Friday I had a decent meal with attentive service while Saturday put me waiting in hunger at 4am in the morning with horrible food.  If one thing is certain and never change its the ambiance.  It may look clean and pristine, but its light shade makes it seem more cafeteria than sit down enjoying your stay.  I didn't say the ambiance was a good one. Need I say more about the food?  Lemme just quickly wrap up what i had:Fri night - Pizza, Philly sandwich, and Burger all rather tasty and they gave us extra ranch sauce to go with the breadsticks which was just as good with our food.Sat night - dried up steak and eggs, sad piece of corned beef hash, dried up philly steak sandwich that looked like it could be most empty table on the casino floorNonetheless, it woulda been a better choice to just go across the street to Denny's than come back to our hotel.
3	People who are complaining - this is Aria's version of the in-house cafe for each casino.  Not a 5 star restaurant!Pros:Hostess seats you right away - Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner Menu = 24 Hr Menu - Well lit - wide booth seating & a lot of it - Steak & Eggs (steak was actually pretty tender)Cons: - Kinda pricey but hey - so is everything else inside of Aria except the air...that's free - but it comes w/ a side of vanilla scent - Service is slow - not the waiter/waitress but just the food to come out so I point at the kitchen
3	We decided to eat here on Sat night since we had tickets to Viva Elvis. All in all, a good place.  We had a table for 10 and were seated right away.  The food was pretty good from what I tried which were 4 different dishes.  Our complaints that dragged down the score was the bill was pricey and the service was slow.  We got in at 730PM and barely made it to the show since our waiter was nowhere in sight...Don't think I would go here again with so many options but it was a good experience.
2	Just like my recent meal at Studio Cafe in the MGM Grand, Cafe Vettro really personifies a lot of Vegas dining.  There definitely seems to be nice restaurants in Vegas, but there are just as many restaurants that are below average.  What makes matters worse is that these restaurants can be really bad and still turn a profit.  These restaurants get so much traffic from the casinos that no matter how bad they are, they will always have customers.This 24 hour cafe (located in Aria) is very big.  There is not much to the decor, but it is comfortable.The menu features breakfast (served all day), sandwiches, salads and plates (including fish, beef and pasta).  The sandwiches are priced below $20; the plates go over $20.The complimentary bread was some pretzel bread (with dried fruit).  I do not know if it was purposely served cold, but the bread definitely would have been better if served warm.I went with the barramundi because it did look decent when I saw a waitress carrying it.  The barramundi (kind of like a sea bass) was pan seared and served over fingerling potatoes and garnished with edamame (kind of an odd pairing) and a thin cream sauce.The fish was flaky and moist.  Mine was not as seared as the one I saw.  It was okay.  The veggies and sauce were bland and boring.  Some of the veggies were cold too.  My friends mentioned that some of their food was cold as well.The waitress was trying hard, but the service at Cafe Vettro was not that great.  It took a while to put in the orders as well as to receive the food.  It was hard to flag down a server too because it did not seem like they had enough staff.Cafe Vettro may have some other stuff on the menu that is better, but from what I had, I probably would not give it another shot (maybe I would try it for breakfast).  I think on my next trip to Vegas, I really need to plan out each meal (no matter how small) to avoid having another subpar (and overpriced) meal like the one we had at Cafe Vettro.
3	I came here late night with my bf after hitting up XS. It was already past 2am, but this place is 24 hours, which is really convenient. We ordered a chicken fajita pizza (me) and buffalo wings (him). Food came fairly quickly and the server was friendly. Taste-wise, it wasn't anything special but fairly decent, so I can't complain. Highlight of my time here was the crazy lady making a scene near the entrance... maybe she was drunk?-L.
2	I suppose its my fault for 1) expecting waaaaay too much from this place and only because it happens to be located in Aria, the newest hotel on the strip & 2) for being a bit too buzzed and extremely hungry to choose my dish without any real thought of what I was getting here.....Me, the boyfriend, and his friend had a quick dinner here before hitting the casino floor to win back some or our hard earned money.  The server came by and took our drink orders: 2 jack & cokes (for me and my bf's friend) and a ketel cran (for my bf).  After we, including the server,  all shared a quick laugh about a random thing and sensing that our server was pretty cool, I boldly asked him that our drinks be served super strong.  He chuckled and slyly smiled, and suggested, "oh you mean a double shot?" To which I eagerly replied, "hell yes."  He proceeded to take our orders: I ordered the steak with fries, my bf ordered from the 'build your own pasta,' section and his friend ordered a club sandwich with fries. Our drinks came in no time and our server quickly left. One sip of our drinks indicated not only was there NO double shot, it hardly tasted like there was any liquor in there :( Worse yet, the aftertaste was horrible which led me to believe the small amount of liquor that was being used was just house liquor. We set our drinks aside and proceeded to grub on our meals when they were placed in front of us 30 minutes later.  The french fries were goood and I gobbled them up with a side of ranch in no time. My steak was semi warm, leading me to believe it had been sitting out a bit too long after it was cooked (and that's assuming my steak was cooked to order instead of sitting under a heat lamp).  It was a nice sized steak, but the way it was cooked (way too done) and the lack of seasoning didn't do it for me. I finished half of it out of sheer hunger and left the other half on the plate.  My bf loved his pasta which looked good...he basically ordered chicken fettucine with alfredo sauce. While he left to go to the bathroom, I snuck a few forkfuls into my mouth. His friend also liked the fries and said his club sandwich wasn't bad and tasted like any other club sandwich he'd tasted at other places.The bill came back higher than what we expected.  After reviewing the charges, we realized our 'cool server' actually charged us each for the double shots in our drinks. *&!@#  Ok slick ass taking advantage of friendly and buzzing customers!!  Had we known that by him suggesting a 'double shot' that we would've actually gotten charged for another drink, I wouldn't have agreed to it.   My bf and his friend were also in disbelief of the charges.  However they didn't want to make an issue out of it, in case it ruined any of our gambling luck at the tables (they're superstitious like that) and paid the bill. They must've been right cuz I came up $200 at a roulette table shortly afterwards :)So...in a nutshell I wouldn't willingly come back here again.  The food is mediocre and overpriced (even without the double shots that were charged to our bill).  However, if I happen to come back here (not by choice, but by circumstance) I'd probably order pasta or breakfast items since those are relatively simple.
4	Went here for something to eat after checking out the Aria at City Center.Clean, wide-open in that the ceilings were very high and the decor was modern with lots of glass and steel.  Very well done.  We sat by the floor-to-ceiling window looking over the road but it was nice.  The menu was good for a cafe style menu and the food excellent.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive and we were not disappointed with the food, it was quite good.Recommend to anyone.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better."the caption to the two-star rating lays it out perfectly. You really would expect more out of this highly stylish and modern cafe located in the newest hotel in Vegas, Aria at citycenter.Cafe Vettro features high ceilings with floor to ceiling glass windows. Windows were complimented with exposed steel beams, and plenty of glass and stone decor throughout. This gorgeous cafe however, is brought down by the food which i can't speak as highly about.I came here for breakfast and ordered their $16 omelette. For double the price of an omelette (with one less ingredient choice) than that of the Grand Lux Cafe at the Venetian, I expected it to be twice as good. Unfortunately this was not the case. The omelette was lackluster to say the least.. The cheese was a single slice layed out on top which left the inside of the omelette feeling very dry and tasting rather bland.Coffee was an extra $4.50. Double the price of what you'd pay for a Venti coffee at Starbuck's. I don't mind this, but what turned me off about this was that our waitress brought me a cup, and left the thermal pot at our table. While this had a certain level of convenience, it lacked the personal touch and required attentiveness  most cafes and diners offer when our waitress returns to inquire if we'd like a refill. So overall while the ambiance was easy on the eyes, my wallet had a hard time justifying the $25 price tag for a boring omelette, and a less than personal experience. Next time we're just going to go to Denny's.
1	If you want a 2 1/2 hour dining experience come here!  Our server, who shall remain nameless took forever to take our order, and then almost an hour for our food to come out.  And it wasn't the kitchen because other parties around us got their food 10 minutes after us when they arrived over an hour after us.Ok when you have a table full of servers, we are pretty reasonable and accepting of long ticket times, etc.  The worst thing you can do is completely IGNORE your table and disappear for 15 minutes at a time.  And it wasn't just our table that was having problems, it was all of his tables!I should have left when I originally wanted to and gone somewhere else.  After all that waiting, the food was mediocre at best.On top of that, he messed up our check twice but just paid anyways because we had been at a freaking cafe for almost 3 hours!!!  And the manager came over and talked to our table and didn't even do anything about it.So if you feel like being ignored, come to Cafe Vettro to eat.
3	The BF and I with some friends came here for a quick bite after playing at Haze after 2am.  There was no real long wait, but still had to line up.  It seemed pretty popular since it was really packed.  The decor here is bright and open.  I actually prefer Cafe Vettro over Barmasa's decor.The menu options weren't too shabby.   Many options for everyone in a group to choose from.  The food was decently good but service needed some work on.  They were friendly but the food took awhile to come out.  I was seriously falling asleep at the table waiting.
1	If I could give negative starts I would.  Actually, if I could burn down this excuse for a place to eat I would happily do that as well. Trust me, I am not one that expects a phenomenal dining experience at a Las Vegas 24/7 diner..but standards are still standards.  Dude, I love me some Norm's so really I am not the pickiest of people. Walked into this place late night after a little fun (not for me but for the casino who emptied my checking account).  Seated quickly which was nice and then the nightmare began.  My friend and I ordered a burger, breakfast plate, couple of cocktails and at the recommendation of our server, a margarita pizza.   20 minutes in...still no cocktails.  45 minutes in...no food.  What the hell.  Food was bland, tasteless but at least there was a lot of ketchup at the table.  Hmmmm...no pizza though.  Didn't say anything just assumed he forgot.  After we finish, I hold up my card and no check arrives for at least another 45 minutes.  Now I'm really pissed.  Finally the server comes takes my card with NO CHECK and comes back with it run.  Of course, as suspected the pizza is still on the check.  Server then takes another 20 minutes to come back so I can tell him.  He says he will get the manager. 30 minutes later...no manager.  Never in my life have I stiffed anybody but there is always a first.  I tracked him down and told him to get the stupid pizza comped off and boom there was his tip.  I tracked down the manager and told him he was a FU*$@#g piece.  3 hours and $90 wasted on an experience matched by my last rectal exam.
5	Esther is amazing.  She remembered my Mom's birthday and we had told her 2 days prior!  She brought us an amazing cake by pastry chef Jean Phillips.  Amazing service, friendly and great open space with natural light.  It is also 24 hours which is great to have after venturing out to other places.  Knowing there is a great late night snack waiting for you makes it more welcoming than most hotels in Vegas.Try the fruit plate with yogurt and honeycomb for breakfast.  I also loved the Chinese chicken salad for a late night snack.  It is huge!  I  a fan of Aria and I am staying here from now on!
2	I don't why this felt like an upscale cafeteria to me, but it did.  My girls and I went here to kill some time, since we couldn't get into HAZE because it reached maximum capacity and we didn't want to wait in line outside for the taxi service because the line was crazy long.  So, what was our next best choice?  Eat, of course.  Food was OK. I was a little disappointed that they didn't serve dinner rolls or something for a pre-snack to our meal.  We were actually getting bitchy, because the food took a good amount of time just to come out.  For what reason?  I don't know.  There were hardly any people there when we ate.  I ordered their Rib Eye Steak, which was $28 I think, and it wasn't bad. But, I guess when you've hardly anything eaten, everything tastes just a little bit better.  The good thing about this place is that its open 24 hrs. I think?  Perfect for club goers to go hang out and eat after a night of partying.  Somehow, that's the only thing redeeming about this place.
4	A very convenient 24/7 "diner" for Aria guests. The food is nothing to write home about, but at 3:00am your standards for food drop off pretty quickly right?My friends and I hit up this diner several times during our stay after a night out at the clubs. The food can be a bit pricey for the quality but the service is great, even at 4:00am.
3	Tucked away on the right side of Aria, it is easy to miss unless you know its there. There is no obvious sign besides going up steps surrounded by a pyramid like structure with rocks in it. Once we were seated we were given a bread basket with a variety of bread. I ordered the lambchops with mint reduction, fingerling potatoes, and roasted fennel for $22?? I thought it was eh. I thought the fennel was pretty good but its not really hard to mess up. The mint reduction was almost nonexistent and what was on the plate I could barely taste. My sister had the Philly cheesesteak which she thought was delicious. My friend got the Cubano (kinda like a panini with pulled pork, shaved ham, pickles, and mustard) that she really enjoyed and when I took a bite I wanted to eat the rest!! We shared the creme brulee and that was average. The service was barely there- we ordered, got our food, and had our waters refilled once. As a side note, be prepared to be a bit surprised if you go to the bathroom. My girls went in and thought there was no toilets because the bathroom stall doors is done in the same material as the walls and it all blends together. haha... So look for the door handles and try not to get confused!
3	This is the only restaurant in the Aria Hotel open 24 hours.  Therefore, we had no choice but to eat there at 2:00 AM.  I had the French Dip with Fries.  The meat was a little dry but still ok.  The fries were super good.  My husband ordered the pancakes.  They were really good and the way they were served was really nice.  The food was a little pricey but the portion sizes were pretty large.
1	There was about a 10 minute wait even though half of the tables were open.  I did not like the bacon, at all...too smoky and hard. My omelet was bland. There wasn't anything special about the french toast. And I can't get over the $4.50 iced tea (similar to other restaurants at Aria). The bill was about $50 for 2 people, before the tip. There are better places to have breakfast in Vegas.
4	We had a great time at Cafe Vettro. We ordered the Maryland crab soup following our waitress' advice and it was delicious. We also had the sausage pizza and carpaccio. Both were very tasty. I recommend this place for lunch. It's good and service is fast.
1	ever wonder where the leftovers from the aria buffet go at the end of the day? HERE! place stinks! can't give a negative star, but i would if i could.
3	I went here this past weekend for lunch.  The cafe has huge windows that capture landscape like views of vdara, and it has a very opened/roomy feel to the place when you walk in.  it's open all day/night.This was the second time I've been here, the last time I went for breakfast and it was the same as it was last weekend.  The food was good, it wasn't great, I ordered the cafe vettro custom sandwich board option for lunch: turkey, rye, provolone, and fries.  The other people that I went with ordered salads that were big enough to feed a family--if you order a salad, it's definitely a meal to share with others.The meals here seem to be a bit more expensive than I'd expect, at least for what I ordered (then again, what isn't pricey in vegas), but the service was on the spot.
4	The fresh berries, yogurt and granola parfait was excellent.  Their standard eggs/hash browns/meat was good too. Nice ambience and good service.
4	Wow! The reviews are terrible... really??  We had breakfast here yesterday and the food was excellent.  Maybe this is a breakfast place?  I'm with Joanna P., my pal, for this review.  My wife had the smoked salmon and said it was the best she ever had.  It was a huge portion.....  The eggs Benedict and the egg white combos were awesome!  Great views and excellent service.  Sorry friends if your service and food sucked.  Ours ruled.
1	It's Vegas, and you think o yourself, let's have fun and try something new, let's forget Yelp for a day and just take a chance. It's Vegas baby, there is no bad food on the strip, look at this beautiful new hotel Aria with the fancy waterfall - how can you go wrong?Then you find yourself sitting with hopelessness, as the staff ignores you, in a cafe that looks like its made from melted beer bottles, cheap modernism design, and tasteless food. After waiting for 40 minutes to get our dishes, I find myself wondering where my money went? I ordered a roast  rib sandwich and I wished I was at Subways eating a $5 foot long. The meat was dry, the bread was hard, the sauce came straight out of a plastic BBQ bottle. Fries were old, the tea was watered down Lipton, only thing decent was the bread..... Seems like the cooks ran out of any type of seasoning in the kitchen. We also ordered their white fish special, which is equally overpriced and void of any sort of taste. (hi, can I have extra lemon for my water please?)  For a moment there I wonder if my tongue was numb. The awesome sound insulation in the restaurant means you can hear every Thump of bass from night Club below. So imagine yourself sitting in this room decorated with left over construction pieces, listening yo hip hop bass vibrating below your feet, staring at a couple of plates of $35 dishes you really don't want to eat, and waiting for your ice tea refill that will never come. The second waitress was much nicer, but by now I'm ready to drown myself in deafening music over the self hatred for taking a chance on Cafe Vettro.
5	I love Cafe Vettro. I ate here every night when I was in Vegas because they are open 24/7 and usually by the time we were ready to eat everything else was either too far away or too closed. I had the salmon three nights in a row because it was awesome. Also, I love salmon. The service was impeccible and I was attended to with such fervor I was almost suspicious. The decor is modern and interesting creating a very cool dining environment. I love the geometric shapes lit from within--it reminded me of Star Trek sets from the Original Series. All in all, a fantastic place, and I intend to eat their salmon again!
2	Took 15 minutes to even get our waitress over to take our order. Another ten to get our drinks and bread. It's 2 am and not crowded. Forget this place.
2	We ate breakfast here on two occassions and the service was slow both times. Food was bland and hash browns and bacon were overcooked. There are far better cafes for breakfast in Las Vegas.
3	Nice indoor cafe if you're already in the area. I stayed at Aria with a few friends and with everything in Vegas being so spread out, this was our go to place for brunch. I had the Cobb salad which was pretty good.  All the servings were pretty large and the service was really good.  Nothing too standoutish about the place aside that they use natural lighting with the windows.  Any buildings in Vegas that actually lets you see outside is a plus in my books. Overall A-OK, but I would mainly recommend this place if you're already in the Aria hotel and want to grab a bit to eat, but not if you need to make a special trip to the hotel.
3	I had breakfast there twice during my stay at the Aria. Gorgeous decoration and design, for sure, like the rest of the hotel complex. However, service was quite slow and food temperature was too cold for the two meals. Pricey for what was served. For breakfast the Buffet is a better deal. I would not have dinner there but lunch could be an option.
4	Had an excellent brunch here. We were staying across the street and looking for someplace good for a Sunday brunch. We found this place on yelp and despite the low rating decided to come check it out. There was a 15min wait for Saturday brunch and after that we were seated in at an extremely comfortable booth in the contemporary and chic dining room. Like others said tons of natural light was let in and the place exuded relaxation. Service was professional and prompt. I got the corned beef hash and guava mimosa both of which were to die for. The scrambled eggs come on top the has which I had ordered with cheese and hash browns on the side :-) Both my friends thoroughly enjoyed their french toast and eggs Benedict. If you are a fan of brunch I encourage you to get over (during the waking hours) and try Vettro for yourself. Me thinks you won't be dissapointed . . .
3	Nothing fancy, but I liked my eggs benedict and REALLY liked the decor!  Definitely brunch it up.  There was a 15-minute wait, but it was worth it.
1	don't be fooled by the beautiful presentation & architecture...the food & service is borderline disappointing :(our waiter was a little edgy and rude, even though there were more empty tables than occupied. unfortunately, i think this is one of the "quickest" and most "reasonable" places to grab a bite to eat at aria...but, stay far away. you'll have better luck at skybox in aria.
4	Was going to give this 3-stars for two main reasons - Slow service and dirty plates. However, the food I've had here is just too delicious.I mean really, it's your typical casino 24-hour cafe - a bit too expensive but at the same time expected. The food is good though. I've had the turkey club here twice, an omelette, and wings. All of them tasted good - especially their turkey club. Perhaps I will taste something here that is flat out bad at some point, but it hasn't happened yet. Some of the waiters/waitresses are better than others, by a lot, though.
3	I have been here at least 4 times since I have lived in Vegas. The service is average-poor depending to what time of night you go. The food prices are very good for someting that is placed in Aria. You do need to try the Steak Poutine just to get the poutine. Which is a Canadian treat of fries gravy and cheese curds. very good. The steak was brutal and over cooked, but the poutine was good. But, for $25 I was happy and will return just for thatJust don't expect good service, which I really don't understand for a  nice new hotel to have such bad service.
4	This is a 24 hour restaurant in Aria which is perfect, since this is where we recently stayed. Great casual restaurant that almost serves as an upscale diner. We had breakfast here twice. The first night, my food was great (was it the alcohol that made it seem great?) Then came here again another day (not hungover or drunk) to confirm that the food is actually good.First meal that i had were the 2 eggs with hashbrowns and bacon and wheat toast. Everything was good and fresh. Cannot complain about anything. The second time around, i had the corned beef hash and eggs. Another good meal, however I've had better corned beef. Maybe it needed a kick, but it was still very edible. The prices here are also very reasonable.
3	We were staying at Aria for 2 nights last week, and didn't want to go too far for food when I was starving. Since I had a craving for eggs so we decided to have our lunch. I got an egg benedict and my husband got a spa omelet (which has no egg yoke). The food was not bad and satisfactory enough. So that's a good thing enough already. And I agree with other yelpers that the service was not that great. The server didn't attend to us while it wasn't busy at the time we were there. The server wasn't rude, but just not attentive. So I give 3 stars to this restaurant and it's an ok restaurant. It's a good choice when you stay in Aria and don't wanna go too far.
3	The first night we arrived, it was close to midnight and this place was still open and serving.  Service was a little slow, but understandable for it being 12am and with a party of 12.  I don't even remember what I had there [I think a steak?], but the highlight of the meal was the fact that they did serve up a mean cup of fresh watermelon juice.Although service was a little slow, it was still friendly and courteous.  Prices are a tad pricey for a "Cafe", but expected for a place like Aria.  We later discovered Aria's room service, the buffet and then we finally wised up and tried the local cuisine instead to save $.Not bad, but not worth it.  =(
3	Like everything else in Aria, Cafe Vettro has an impressive, modern decor upon first glance. I loved the dark, solid wood tables and the booths. Those are about the only things I loved. The food is satisfactory. Not bad, not great. A little overpriced for cafe food, but I guess you're paying for the "atmosphere" and it's Vegas, so I get it. The service was mediocre at best. When we arrived for an early dinner, the restaurant was nowhere near full. My group had been at a convention all day and hadn't eaten anything so everyone was starving. We ordered a salad, nachos, the meatloaf, and a sandwich. These  four items took a half hour to come out. While we waited, we noticed the waitress in the station nearby bringing baskets of bread to all of her tables. We asked the waiter why we hadn't gotten any bread, and he informed us that we needed to request it. Really? Since when is bread and butter something that you need to request, and why did every table have it but ours? My husband ordered their spicy Bloody Mary, which came with no garnish and not even a straw. It wasn't any better or more spicy than a Bloody Mary you'd drink at a casino bar. The food was... food. We had nothing to complain about and nothing to rave about. Cafe Vettro gets the job done, but don't come here looking for great food and impeccable service.
1	I was extremely disappointed in this sad excuse for a restaurant, especially because of its location in the gorgeous Aria resort. The decor is absolutely beautiful! The food was mediocre at best. The service was just bad...First of all, my party of FOUR was directed to our table after a few minute wait... There were only THREE chairs and three place settings. We awkwardly stood in the middle of the restaurant until someone carried over another chair from across the room. The fact that they were so unorganized even after keeping us waiting is unacceptable for any restaurant, and very unprofessional.I ordered the late breakfast of two eggs, sausage, and asked what their substitutions were for the hash browns and toast. This seemed a foreign concept, because our waitress had no idea. I asked if they could substitute for cottage cheese, as many other breakfast places do, and she said she'd have to ask the chef. My boyfriend ordered a hamburger minus the bun, and she couldn't perceive that idea either. Most restaurants are willing and able to make substitutions for guests. This restaurant made me feel really uncomfortable even suggesting the idea.After all of this confusion, the service was really slow. It took ten minutes after being seated at our table for the waitress to come around to take our orders. The food itself was sad. My thirteen dollar meal could have been better put together by McDonald's. I tasted my BF's burger. It may have been one of the most unappetizing ground beef patties I've ever tasted. It was overcooked, hard, and bland, except for a chemically smoke taste. My poor honey suffered through that, for $15 no less. My BFF had the biscuits and gravy, and left half of her meal. She NEVER leaves half of her meal. I happened to remember the price of what everyone ordered (probably because it was so high for what you get), which was a good thing, because the price on the menu was not consistent with the charge on the bill. Apparently they recently changed the menus, so the prices increased, but we all ordered off of old menus. Either way, the manager was unhelpful and unapologetic fixing their mistake. That type of attitude is not what I expect in a premier Aria restaurant.Please, Aria... PLEASE clean house in that restaurant and hire competent management, an interested head chef, and well-trained wait staff. The facility is so gorgeous and needs to be appreciated with cuisine complimenting its beauty, not distracting us from the unacceptable service and food.
2	It was really cold in Vegas and my friends and I didn't want to walk outside any longer. We came back to our hotel at Aria after a late night out and we were starving! Can't go to bed hungry. The only place open with food was Cafe Vettro, which is open 24 hrs.Their late night menu doesn't have that many selections. I loveee nachos so I decided to order them even though it was $14. I added chicken to it which was another $3. Paid $20 total for the nachos. Totally not worth it. It was huge though, I couldn't finish it. The taste  was very mediocore. The chicken came in teeny tiny pieces, there wasn't enough guacamole to go around, and I wished they used nacho cheese instead of shredded cheese. The service was good though. We were seated quickly and our server was funny. He said he had Mentos for us in case we needed it after my friend ordered her burger with grilled onions.
2	2 stars for me.I love Las Vegas, and consider myself almost a resident there =D  I have to say that I was pretty disappointed at Cafe Vettro.As others have pointed out, decor is great... but then again, now that I think about it, it better be as the place is new.  Everything else is mediocre at best.  Food was "meh", service was questionable, and price point was unattractive considering food and service qualities.One thing they DID get right was to ask for my ID when I paid via room charge.. unlike some place over at Vdara as I had a fraudulent charge.I suggest that you go elsewhere for food... it's a huge casino/hotel, so there are other options.
4	RATING: 3.75 b/c the front desk lady was really nice...SO me and my sister decided to come by here and check this place out since it looked nice from the outside. We were immediately greeted by a very nice lady(hostess) and thought we were a couple! So she tried her best to seat us in a very quiet place and tried to put us together UNTIL I TOLD HER that we aren't a couple and that we were siblings! We both laughed about it and also told us about how she always used to get the same thing since her and her brother are really close as well. So she sat us down and asked if we were going to go clubbing anytime soon and offered us VIP passes to ARIA's HAZE night club. She gave us 7 tickets since we were with a group of friends.  Such a sweet lady, we loved her.Anywho, we were serviced by Lisa and she was OK. We started it off with a fried calamari(my fav) and also had a Pomegranate Mojito that was pretty dam good. I also ordered the pizza there and sister ordered some sandwich. The portions were pretty good size. I wished they had mroe calamari. Pizza was really good, but looked funny. Sisters sandwich was amazingly big with a bunch of fries in the middle.OVERALL: Place has very nice decor. Loved the way it looked, atmosphere was pretty decent. Perfect for drinks and relax. It's a bit hidden, but definitely noticeable. Food was not the best but OK at most. Price was pretty expensive for what you get, so that's the bad. Overall, I'd give it a 3, but because the hostess was so nice, I had to give it a 3.75!!!WOULD I COME BACK? NOPE. One time thing here. . .
1	Breakfast is good and good value.  The dinner is horrible. The food is not restaurant quality.  I was surprised that the Carbonara was so heavy and it was something that amazed me that the F&B manager would allow on the menu. It was just so surprising that the quality was so bad. Nothing special what so ever here.  And the waitstaff will fill your table with soda glasses so drink up!   Don't you love it when wait staff bring you the soda when THEY want to rather when YOU need it. The food does not match the decor in any way.  The menu is good/interesting/nice, but the quality of the food does not live up to the menu, decor and everything else. Go somewhere else.
3	I visited this place at least 3 times during my stay in Vegas because it was open 24 hours and it was located in Aria, making it the cheapest food option in the hotel.The food here is overrated, but it gets points for convenience and for decor (swanky and modern).The most memorable part of the meal was the bread basket, which was fancy pants to say the least.FOOD:1) Salmon with saffron rice and asparagus with mango dressing2) Sausage and mushroom pizzaThe salmon was good, but not worth the price since the only tasty part of it was the mango dressing. The saffron rice was the standout of the dish.The sausage and mushroom pizza was NOT good. Plus, it was tiny and soggy! BLECH!Overall, I would skip out on this place. If you want cheap food, head across the street to the McDonalds.
4	Ate here for lunch today; good food, service and atmosphere.   Wait was abt 15min. Tried the turkey burger and vettro salad liked both
3	Drove out to Vegas an wanted somewhere quick and good to eat. Made our way over to the cafe. I got the patty melt. It was ok, the patty was a little dry. The fries were very good, but couldn't make up for the patty melt.  Service: slow. Took a while to get refills and the check. Might come back if we're hungry, but not my top choice.
3	Lets remember that this place is Cafe, it is meant for a quick fix and not a upscale eatery. That being said, it is very modern and nice. They get a lot done real fast. When you order room service at the Aria this is where the food comes from.We came here just before we checked in, we were so hungry. Everything was pretty good, just above what I would consider mediocre for the Aria. The prices are OK especially if the Aria is paying for it :)The portions are pretty big and the fresh bread is amazing. The menu has a little bit of this and a little bit of that. The steak and eggs were pretty good as was the corn beef hash. My favorite was the wings, very well seasoned and cooked to perfection.I probably wont go here too much due to the fact of all the amazing eats that Aria offers. That being said, it was real good room service food.
4	Excellent service - solid breakfast fare.
1	Ordered a chicken quesadilla for $15 thinking it'd be one big fat quesadilla with a soft flour tortilla, but it came out as 3 small, hard as a rock shelled tacos. No sauce on the side, no flavor on the inside, barely any chicken. This thing was smaller than a jack in the box taco and not even as good. Basically 5 bucks for a mini hard taco. The other people at the table also agreed that the food wasn't all that great. The service was kinda slow but the waiters and staff were nice. The place was kinda empty when we first came in. We should've taken that as a hint to bounce outta there.I guess they thought they could charge anything for below average food just cuz the hotel is nice =/
4	Wonderful service...Breakfast and Dinner was awesome... its a 24hours restaurant!
3	Decent price for a restaurant in Aria and it's opened 24 hrs!  Portions are pretty huge but you may have to wait a little to be seated, even though 75% of the restaurant is empty.  That seems to be the trend in Vegas.We came here for lunch and I ordered the breakfast burrito.  It was HUGE.  My friends ordered burgers and sandwiches and they said those were good and large portions too.  I also got to try the Turkey Club and mmm mmm, it was good. The bacon, especially, was good.  It was surprisingly meaty and not all fried fat.Downside, refills on sodas but not on juice.
3	I think the best part about this restaurant is the decor/architecture - modern.  It has a very relaxing atmosphere with lots of earthy features.  There's a waterfall, stone-like wall patterns, soothing green panels/art pieces, and a very high ceiling.  It almost makes you feel like you're in a forrest...It's definitely not an upscale dining experience, and the food was okay.  My friend and I shared a really delicious tomato bisque soup.  I also had a rotisserie chicken sandwich (I tried to be healthy) and my friend had the steak&eggs.  My sandwich was a bit tasteless (it might be because of my "trying to be healthy" intentions - but still...)  The steak&eggs was bit better, but very overpriced.The bread was fresh and artfully presented.  My friend ordered tea to help with her hangover, and she was near obsessed with the smell of their mint tea - at least we enjoyed that part...For the quality of the food and service, it is a tad bit overpriced.  However, the portions are fairly large.It also took a while for our waiter to bring us our check in the end.  This place was convenient since it's opened 24-7, but I'm sure you can find a better restaurant in Vegas.
5	this place is great, food is great and let me tell you the perfect margarita is great. Even better is the fact that you can order it at 4am after clubbing, and have with you eggs, seriously, is anything better than that. Ok so back to the margarita, I'm not a huge tequila drinker, and I have no idea what the names of the good tequilas are, I rates drinks on how the go down and if they stay down.This one had the best lemon flavor , not too much, not too little, and the perfect taste of liquor, my only regret is that I had 1.the food of this cafe is good too,its not some gross cheap cafe you eat at b/c nothing else is open, this is vegas, there's a ton of stuff open. go here, order drink, you're welcome.
3	The food is adequate, the atmosphere acceptable, service competent. Should you want your basic B,L,D... it gets the job done.. albeit at some higher prices. You know going in... it's not fine dining.
3	Our waitress Marla deserves 5 stars! She is amazing! Very personable and memorable, she is an excellent example of the best of Vegas service! Our obnoxious large late night party didn't even phase her, as a matter of fact she had us entertained and laughing a few times throughout the night. The late night menu offers all types of selections from breakfast to snacks to burgers and pizza. I ordered calamari and a bloody Mary. My bloody Mary was great, I enjoyed the mix and downed the thing fast! My calamari on the other hand was ok. There were a few pieces that were clumped together that got a little soggy so I did not finish the dish. I hate the fact that red peppers were tossed in also, it seemed unnecessary and did not help the look of my plate. Our table seemed pretty satisfied with everything but no one was blown away by food. From reports, the pizza is good! We also ordered a dessert and Marla did not hesitate to recommend the cheesecake, and informed us on the fact that the desserts are fresh. The cheesecake was one of the best slices I have had in a long time. It was served with a drizzle of delicious chocolate, and not too dense. Overall: if you want late night at the Aria this is your option. Ask to sit in Marla's section, you won't regret it. Would I go out of my way to eat here? No.
1	"The kitchen won't let me substitute fruit for potatoes." So began our dining experience at The Aria's Cafe Vettro. It is in par with other soulless food places (like Denny's or IHOP), where food functions as necessity instead of experience. Another disappointing way to spend $50 for an otherwise $5 meal in Las Vegas.
2	Yep, 2.5-stars is about right.  The best thing about this 24hr joint is the design.  Oh-my-God is it a feast for the eyes.  I mean if you're going to shell out for some meh late night food, it might as well be in the swankiest place right?  Service was good, but the food...not so much.  Overpriced?  You bet.
3	Server was friendly and attentive.  Food was average to above average, and the prices were a bit much, but understandable considering where we were.  The restaurant is very hip and modern, the booths are great and have a slightly private feel. Lower your expectations and you'll be fine.
3	Went in for breakfast the first time, service was very slow but the food was good. Expensive but its Vegas so didn't really mind that much. Went in again for late night around 2 am. Service was once again slow but they were very nice and welcoming.I would give them a higher rating if the service was better.
3	Breakfast while we stayed at Aria. Prices were fair. Service was prompt.It wasn't amazing, but it filled my tummy and didn't kill my wallet. If I wasn't a guest of the hotel I never would have considered dining here however.
2	Just an average cafe. I expected more because it's in the Aria, but there wasn't anything special here.  I had the smoked salmon with cream cheese, capers, tomatoes, and a bagel. My husband had the egg entree with bacon and potatoes. We were staying at Aria, so we wanted a place to eat before heading to the airport for the trip home.Unfortunately nothing stood out, and I was really disappointed with the food. The service was good though.
4	My friends and I came here to cure the next day hangovers and try to piece the night together with the help of the collective haze of the group. Needless to say, walking through Aria was breathtaking enough, but when we arrived to Cafe Vettro, we were welcomed with a large glass wall that let in natural sunlight and very organic and urban textures throughout the restaurant. It was very relaxing and helped us sober up and get over the headaches ringing in our heads.It's hard to say how good the food was because at that time, we all were starving and would have eaten anything placed in front of us. However, the service that we got was great. The waitress gave us extra glasses of water to help us hydrate and was attentive to us when we took a break from laughing hysterically at what happened the previous night.The portions were just enough to not stuff you silly, which is probably a good thing after a night of partying. There was never a shortage of waitresses so we were able to flag one down if we needed anything extra. Can't wait to come back as a guest of the hotel.
5	If you love the W hotels and sleek, modern, "industrial meets desert" organic, you will love this place. It could have been a simple 24-h eatery, but Aria turned their version into an open space, with huge windows facing the entrance of the hotel. Sunday breakfast, 930a, not a bad wait (10 min?), and enjoy the views through the large vaulted windows while waiting. We were seated in a spacious booth, made me wonder if this is what it feels like to be at a gorgeous desert spa? Anyways, Jenn and I had a craving for pancakes ($11), Paul had the Spa omelet ($14), and we shared a bowl of fresh berries ($11). add the impeccable, friendly service -- and we had a lovely time. The perfect, chill-but-fabulous post-hangover ending to our Vegas getaway. Enjoy!
2	For such an upscale hotel, I expected better fare, a better menu and better service.More like a bar menu.The ambiance was nice,,,but burgers and wrap? Come on!I had a mediocre caesar salad...nothing special (except the price$$$).The Aria mall is pristine and upscale---as it should be.
1	the service here is      s    l     o    w.  Ordered the smoked salmon which was basically smoked salmon.  Friends ordered chicken fried steak which wasn't too bad.  Basically mediocre food overall.  Peach bellini was too small for the price =(.After awhile I felt like a prisoner.  We were in there for almost two hours because of the slow service.  I asked for the check at the same time we ordered and the waitress never brought it out, and some guy behind me was yelling that he was starving.This place suuucks
2	Great restaurants serve different types of bagels, here you get the choice of PLAIN.  Eggs were served warm, hash browns barely good.  Atmosphere is nice.  There was a line to get in and my advise is to NOT wait in line.
3	Nice casual off the Aria Casino/Lobby -- away from the frenzy.  Very friendly wait staff, delightful Cobb salad at lunch.
1	April 9th was the day we had this bad experience.  Very long wait to get a table due to lack of staff.  Waiter was very slow and rude! Only thing it had going for it was that it was open late.  Never again will I be dining at this place!
1	Geeze... Empty as can be and I still got crappy service. Well... I would prefer crappy over non existent which is what we got. I gave them another minute before I was just going to walk out ... Waitress finally came with 15 seconds to spare. Very very unacceptable. FYI still haven't got our water yet either. Avoid this place unless you want to leave by retirement age.
2	I would say this place is equivalent to Carrows.  Ok, the last time I went to Carrows was over 10 years ago but it compares to what I remember it being.  The service is slow and our server was so clueless and didn't have any common sense.  For example, my friend ordered a cup of soup and asked for it to come out at the same time as her entree.  The server responded saying "The soup will come out about 2 minutes before your entree because it won't fit on my tray".  Uhhhh, yeah, we understand that food for 9 people won't hit the table EXACTLY at the same time.  Just bring the food and soup around the same time!!  Annoying.  Anyways, as the meal went on, the service didn't improve but it was okay because most of us were tired and semi hung over so we weren't in a hurry to get anywhere.  Their breakfast foods are typical.  Egg white scramble was ok, the lox and bagels could have been better and fresher, their sausages had a really weird consistency, the huevos rancheros looked good but the person that got it barely touched, not because she was hung over but because it tasted horrible, the tomato bisque tasted like marina sauce.  Typical cafe food but fine if you're feeling sluggish and you want to eat something without getting dolled up.
3	First night here. Family went to a show I'd already seen. Eating here alone. Large cafe with varied American fare menu. I was starving and couldn't decide where to eat so this place seemed the most casual and quickest choice.Almost no one was in the restaurant.  Service was slow.  Food was meh.I'd come here if I was starving but if I had a choice, I'd go somewhere else.
2	Stayed at Aria so we went down to Cafe Vettro for some breakfast.  Not surprisingly, the prices are steep and the food was just ... hohum.  I know there are plenty other options if you're willing to walk.  Head over to Cafe Bellagio... I've heard it's pretty tasty.I'll pass next time around.
3	Good but overpriced for basic food.
1	UGH such a waste of money & time! This cafe does not deserve to be in such a wonderful hotel. Complete fraud. Food is horrible. The pancakes were dry and too thick. Hash browns had no flavor. I can't believe they get away with charging so much. There are definitely better places around. Please don't waste your time....even if you're drunk and tired...it'll only piss you off.
2	I didn't plan on coming here but I needed to eat something quick since I was already at the Aria. Don't wanna drink on an empty stomach, yannoe? This place is way too big to be considered as a cafe. It's a pretty high end cafe. Too big, Too overwhelming and it was pretty dead on a Saturday evening. Service was pretty slow, but the staff is very friendly. So, I'll give them that one. I ordered the Rigatoni Pasta. Wasn't worth $20. Tasted like.. Chef Boyardee or something. They gave out complimentary breads.. cold and a little stale? Oh well, they are complimentary for a reason I guess but I do like a good bread to munch on. Wouldn't come back here again.
2	Came for late night eating and the late night menu sucks. Its what you expect from Dennys but more expensive.FoodI got the breakfast meal: eggs, hash browns, toast and ham. It wasnt the best but I guess theyre used to catering to drunk people that late. I wasnt drunk just came to vegas late and was hungry.Food was eh.ServiceStandard but slower since its vegasOverall, you really have no other food choice that late in Aria
4	Good breakfast place, have been here three times and the food each time has been excellent.  The pancakes are fluffy and the latte's perfect. There is typically a long line on the weekends  so come off hours or be prepared to wait!
5	Must have the Huevos Ranchero for breakfast!!!!!!! Service is just as wonderful as the stay at Aria is.  Food is tops.  I used to eat this dish at Bellagio but they no longer serve it, thank goodness I found it here.  This is one dish you'll come back for.
2	I had a burger and it was disgusting...the patty's looked premade and sat around for a long time...I make a better burger FOR SURE!totally not worth the price
2	How I wished I would have yelped before I came to this place! This place really isn't all that and I'm not even talking about the price. I wouldn't really complain about the price since it's Vegas and located in Aria. BUT, I do have to rant a little on their average food quality and awfully poor service.I had the chicken noodle soup and buffalo wings. The soup and wings were both average. The soup tasted just like Campbell's, well, may be slightly better...and I'd prefer Wingstop over those wings anyday. My friend had their fish n'chip, no comment since I didn't try it. I believe she said it was pretty okay though.I know not to expect too much from a cafe pass 1am and it's hard to work at night, but the service was seriously pretty awful. Our waiter had a bit of an attitude and didn't seem like he knew what he was doing/wanted to do anything. He was so bad that before I left, I wrote "you can definitely be more attentive" on the receipt and left it on the table.
3	WHOAH.Okay, the food was decent, I give it that. But omg overpriced for what it was. He got 2 eggs, 2 sausage, hash browns, and orange juice and I had an omelette with the hash browns. Okay, so it took forever for our food to come out, the waiter made us feel uncomfortable, and even though it was nice and spacious, it ended up making us feel like we were eating in an airport. Our bill was $45 for breakfast. Felt robbed because the service and the food we ordered did not feel like it lived up to the $45 bill. The omelette was delicious though. Perfect for my hangover. But I think it's overpriced by maybe a lot. Now, I know people are saying "If you don't like it, then go to Denny's or IHOP or something" and you know what? I will next time. I honestly feel like it would be better to go to one of those places for breakfast, as opposed to this place.
1	Absolutely worst thing about Aria. Food is really that bad. Ate there twice... Outside of breakfast, it is really bad
1	Terrible.  Went with a large group that I was with for a conference.  They messed up everybody's order, didn't know who ordered what, food was cold, milkshake was warm (?), just a mess.  And really expensive, although my company was paying for it.  Do not eat here - so many other options.  Terrible.
4	I had the classic meatloaf and it was tasty! The sweetest of the green peas went well with the dish. The plate wasnt saltly nor did it need any adjustments to it.Of course the food is overpriced, this place is in freaking Aria got crying out loud
3	The food here is pretty decent, but does fall a little short of what you would expect of a place in Resort such as Aria.I am surprised at how low the ratings average rating of this establishment is.  The service is good and the aesthetics are nice.I suspect the primary reasons for client disappointment are:1.  Pricing is expensive for the what you get.2.  The food is not as fancy or quality as the more expensive restaurants in the Casino.3.  Being in a 5 star resort of the Aria elevates client expectations possible too much.The only reason I came here was that I got comped for my play time at the poker room.  If I had to spend my own money to get a meal, I would have either gone off strip or looked for more affordable options.
2	Restaurant in Aria Hotel that's open 24/7. Needed food badly after an allnighter. Since my hotel, Vdara has no food options at this hour, I walked to Aria and found this place. Nice decor, but the food wasn't that great. I ordered an omelette. Nothing special. Like denny's except twice the price.$25 including tip.
2	The food is average, the service is average, but the super high cost for what you get makes it below average. I have been there on multiple occasions because I play in the Aria poker room and this is open 24 hours, and every time I leave I say, "never again." Haha
4	The food is pretty decent, but its cafe food. You shouldn't expect anything fancy. Its pretty expensive like $16 for a club sandwich but the portions were huge! You can eaily split that between two people and be very satisfied. Aria is a really nice hotel, but it was nice to have a less formal restaurant to go to that wasn't a buffet.
2	Service here was practically nonexistent. After we went to Marquee early to get our stamps for the entry to the club, we stopped by here to grab a bite to eat before pre-partying and going back in.Food here was sub par and not really all that appetizing. I shared a turkey burger with a friend...DRY DRY DRY. We also didn't get any of our food until 30 minutes AFTER we ordered..not cool. Not worth the price either, especially for a cafe inside Aria, I expected much more.
3	We were staying at Aria and was headed back after a late night concert at Planet Hollywood. This was the only place we could find that was still open at 1:45 A.M. We were starving and there was no one around. We were greeted by a tired crew and got seated right away. A few minutes later, a snotty server walked up and asked for our orded. In fairness, I dont think I'll be in a good mood either if I was still up in such an ungodly hour and expect to serve people with a smile, but Lady? it doesnt hurt to try either. We ordered chicken noodle soup, which was perfect after a night of drinking, and country fried steak. The soup was great, the steak was not so great. I give em three stars for being open for 24 hours to feed the weary souls that walk in the wee hours of the night.
1	If you enjoy standing in line forever with "MLife" people seated while you patiently wait, maybe you'll make it through the wait & attitude. If you're not into that, hop across the street to Zingers for fast, friendly service.
2	Aside from the gorgeous decor, there was much to be desired between the service and the food. I was there late at around 11pm, and the server was MIA for a good portion of the time. The food was just mediocre, especially for the price (I had the club sandwich and fries). Tasted the wings too, and that was nothing to write home about. On the service side, our waitress, when she came by to take our order, just whipped out her lil book, took out her pen, and just looked at us like "what do you want"...not even a verbal "What can I get ya?". AwkwardBut hey, it's a great place to eat when everything else is closed late into the night!
3	We stopped in to cafe vettro after a long morning of outlet shopping. We had 6 people in our party, no issues with seating at 2pm. The decor is very nice, lots of light. Our food was fairly good (chicken wraps are hard to screw up), considering the price, but the waitress we had didn't seem very happy to be there. The wait between ordering our food and receiving it also felt a bit long considering we hadn't ordered anything fancy (chicken wings, pizza, wraps and nachos). Our server didn't check in during our meal to see how we were doing either.My father in law had eaten there the night before and also commented that he wasn't impressed with their service and reading other reviews here, this seems the norm.
3	Had breakfast here one morning - ordered an Omelet with five fillings: onions, mushrooms, spinach, cheddar cheese, and a sausage. Plus a side of bacon, a glass of Grapefruit juice and a cup of coffee. The Omelet also came with toast, I selected Rye bread.The place was really busy for breakfast, the place is rather large so a lot of people can eat in here.Food was pretty good. BUT - it is damn expensive! $47 and change with tip for an Omelet, bacon, grapefruit juice, and coffee.Service was very good.
4	I have been here twice for breakfast and I simply love it.The service is friendly, except we encountered one serious problem. I requested more jam for the table, which the waitress brought. 3/4 into the meal she came and took the jam away without a word. there was still toast in our basket. NOT NICE Regina!You must get the watermelon juice (amazing) and french toast! What I like most about the place is that it doesn't feel like a cornered rester aunt in vegas. A lot of air space and a nice break from the bells and whistles, especially in the morning.
4	Dude! Why the hell are people hating on this place? 1. It's open 24 hours.2. Yes, it's expensive for what you get, but it's Vegas! Of course you're gonna get screwed at a dining spot in the hotel! 3. The brunch food is really yummy, and it would probably taste better if it were $5 cheaper. Tastiest egg white scramble (don't judge me) I've ever had. Try the turkey club sandwich--tastes like Thanksgiving, minus your (my) crazy family.4. No wait! Clutch for when you just want to go downstairs and balance your food: poison ratio.So quit your whining and try it!Side note: Do NOT order the watermelon juice. Unnaturally red and tastes SUPER artificial.
1	If you see the sign for this place keep walking.  For a 5 Star rated hotel like Aria i expected way more. The service here is the worst i have seen in Aria.  Management needs to hire staff that are focused on service and taking care of the guests, it is obvious that this is not a focus the minute you sit down.  Service was very inconsistent and at times awkward.The servers can barely be understood.  And when you do get their attention they act like their doing you a favor by assisting you.I had the turkey club that had mushy tomatoes, gritty salad that had sand or dirt from not washing it.  And the coffee pots looks like they had been picked up at a garage sale.  I am sorry, but Vegas is about receiving value for money spent, and this place falls short, even for Cafe standards.  Skip it...
3	Came here again during my most recent Vegas trip and only out of convenience: it was almost 3am, Cafe Vettro is open 24 hrs, and me and some friends were staying at Aria and Vdara.-Prices have increased even more since last year  &!@*%-Service was slow and indifferent..at first, but that might've been because one of the guys at our table didn't know how to keep his mouth shut or keep still possibly annoying our server-The food was much better this time around. Me and my boyfriend shared 2 dishes: the PATTY MELT and the MARGHERITA PIZZA. The meat for our patty melt was ginormous and could've passed for a typical burger, but the side of fries seemed stale. As for the pizza it was definitely cooked hot with fresh ingredients, but the only downside was the dense dough of the pizza. It would've been much better had it been thinner and crispier.-Our server, towards the end, eventually came around and warmed up towards us, but that might've been because our ADHA guy at the table apologized to her.
3	similar to others, i came here for convenience as i needed to find a breakfast spot for my party of 10 (Thanksgiving family reunion).  The staff were friendly but the wait for our breakfast once we ordered it was long.  I ordered the egg white scramble and it was just so-so.  Instead of the potatoes, I got a side of fruit ($2 upcharge) and it was a pretty sad looking fruit salad, though the fruit was pretty sweet.  My brother and cousin both got the country fried steak which was amazing.  Others didn't really remark on their food being all that - not much better than what you may find at any other breakfast joint in any other city.  I guess I was expecting to be blown away given that this place was in the Aria (amongst seemingly other amazing restaurants) and had such a beautiful atmosphere - which I would recommend going for coffee just to take in the serene environment.
4	Came in for breakfast before heading to the airport. First star: the hostess offered to hold our luggage at the front so we wouldn't have to cart it all over the reastaurant. Second star: we were seated immediately, no waiting at allThird star: our server was super nice and friendly. She still let us order off the breakfast menu, even though we got there after the 11am cut off. NiceFourth star: my huevos rancheros were soooo freakin good! Omg I have to learn how they make them!! I practically licked my plate lolI did deduct one star cause the coffee was whack. Way bitter no matter how much cream & sugar I added. I got a Coke instead. All in all definitely a great meal
2	My husband and I met a friend in Vegas for lunch and we went here. Well this place was a disappointment. The only reason they are getting any stars is for their customer service because their food gets nothing. They have a very basic menu which is way over priced and the food tastes awful. I was very disappointed because the restaurant is beautiful and I expected better. I do not really have much to say because the place was so basic and blah it is really unmemorable. It is way overpriced and I recommend easting elsewhere. You can get the same quality food at Dennys for alot cheaper. Their customer service is great though.
4	Went here for breakfast a few days ago on my first trip to Vegas.  It was the only restaurant with good reviews for breakfast so we went.  And waited in a very long line that only got longer when we left around 10.  The food was pricey (like everything in Vegas), but really good.  I got the eggs benedict with crab, which I thought was really good.  It came with has browns, which weren't anything special but not bad in any way.  They gave me the sauce on the side (I can be picky about the sauce), but I ended up using a bunch of it.  The boyfriend got steak and eggs, which he thought were pretty good.  All in all, a good breakfast.  Also, gotta love the mini bottles of bonne maman jam!
4	The BEST thing about Cafe Vettro has to be the fact that it's open 24 hours. I mean what's better than that? Arrived at the resort with my family at 2 am and all we wanted was food. We headed straight to Cafe Vettro where we were greeted by the nicest hostess. It took some time to be seated just because we were a party of 12, but the overall service was great. Our drinks were constantly refilled and the food tasted great. We made two more visits there just because it was so convenient. Chicken Nachos: ENORMOUS and yummy. They load it with sour cream, cheese, guacamole, jalapenos, olives (could do without, not a fan of olives), salsa and chunks of chicken. Enough toppings for all the chips. Ordered this every single time.Calamari: It was average, bland, not the best. I shouldn't have had high expectations since it was an American restaurant. A plus was they included slices of lemon and a dipping sauce. Southern Style Fried Chicken: Included a buttered biscuit, mashed potatoes, country gravy and corn on the cob. I'm a fried chicken type of girl, so when my dish came...I couldn't have been any happier. Chicken was juicy, biscuit melted in your mouth, the gravy complimented the mashed potatoes and the corn was sweet.Recommend: Nachos, Fried Chicken, Tuna Melt, Angus Burger, Biscuits and Gravy, BLTAvoid: Pasta Carbonara, Philly Cheesesteak, Meatloaf1 star off because of the miss foods, even though most were hits.Food is pricey of course...it's Vegas!
4	I often go to this place for breakfast at nighttime(haha ;-)   Anywho, I really fancy the eggs benedict with lump crab cake. (It's a rare egg's benedict that doesn't include a tough muffin or crappy bernaise sauce). It's pricey for  "cafe" but the food and service(top-notch 24/7) definitely live up to the price tag. I've tried the veggie pizza, which has just the right ingredients/portions to make a healthy, filling pizza. The soups here are also amazing, especially the lentil! My only complaint would be that the bloody mary's here are way too peppery(tis possible)... but I've had other great cocktails here. This and the Henry(@ cosmo) are your best bets when you're staying in the city center-aria-cosmo. area and need a tasty, late-night meal.
2	What can I say about this place..... Even when ur drunk the food is just decent at best. The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because I had 1 too many zombies to drink. if I was sober I would give this place a negative star. Their lack of attention to service is one of the worst I have ever seen
2	Had an amazing long night the night before, so me and some friends woke up early and decided to grab breakfast at Aria since we were staying at Vdara.Long line, waited for about half an hour and when we finally sat down, the initial server forgot my milk despite asking four times. Our male waiter was very polite and accommodating, but unfortunately, he left his shift mid-meal and introduced us our new waiter which we never saw again after our waiter introduced her. She came back once though, to give us our check. So i guess good customer service is on a waiter by waiter basis. Our food wasn't phenomenon, but it wasn't shit-bad. It was just... edible. Wasn't memorable at all. We had a reservation for Serendipity 3 in a few hours so we didn't want to get too full or spend too much. I ordered a $6 Chicken tender appetizer and $4 for a side of fries (and my milk). My other two friends both ordered the House smoked Salmon and our other friend ordered the eggs benedict.It was the four of us and we all ate one breakfast dish (i ate an appetizer and side dish). When the check came, the tab was $120 (without tips yet). Ridick.Aside from the bad service and watching the server drop the tray of food from the table behind us, what we ate was nowhere CLOSE to $100 worth. I had 3 pieces of chicken tenders and a baby basket of fries. Turns out my lukewarm pathetic excuse for cold milk was $4 and my friend's orange juice was $7. Unbelievable. If a mixed drink at TAO is $12, there's no way a plain orange juice is $7. Even in VEGAS.Sorry, call me frugal or that I don't understand that everything is pricey in Vegas, but as someone who frequents vegas since youth with a splurgy family and someone who appreciates good ambiance and fine dining, this just didn't cut it. Nice try. But try again. Ambiance: lovely, clean and modern design. Food: Edible. Service: dependent on the waiters. ConsistencyFor a newer hotel in vegas, I definitely expected more from even it's simplest cafes.
1	I was undecided between 1-2 stars. We went at about 1 pm on Christmas Day and it was definitely busy. Waited about 20 minutes for a table and took another 15 minutes before ordering. But I was OK with the wait since they were probably understaffed on Xmas Day but the following irked me:Orange Juice in the menu said fresh squeezed but it was definitely Minute Maid w pulp! I did not appreciate the bait & switch especially at $7.50.I was served coffee in a dirty cup, which the busser insisted it was the design. Then our server came and said "oh, your cup is dirty, let me change it" o_O I already drank out of it... Fish & Chips @ $22 - the fries were soggy and fish was overdone and definitely pre frozen.The only good thing was the 3 egg breakfast & sausage. I thought it was a good value at $14 since we pay more at other places. The sausage was delicious.For a bill of about $60, I rather eat at Bouchon or Mon Ami Gabi next time for better quality dishes and even better service.
3	Open 24 hours in Aria.Food is good.  The margerita pizza and patti melt with fries were both delicous.  This was at 1:30am too...and it really was good.  Service was attentive and fast.  But the server looked like she hated her life...but hey when your working the grave yard shift....what do you expect.  I left her a nice tip to hopefully make her night.Went for breakfast too.  Okay.  I had the biscuits and gravy and it was nothing special.  BF had the salmon locks and bagel and they give you everything on the side and you have to make it yourself...didnt like that.  Pancakes were good.  Service was great.  But for 3 people breakfast cost us $95.  Expensive.Good for late nights but pricey
3	we got up at 2 pm and were craving breakfast. we were staying in Aria and were too hungry to go anywhere else, therefore we decided to go to Cafe Vettro to grab some late late breakfast. after being seated, we were saddened to find out that the full breakfast menu was only served until 11 am. the 24 hour option only allows you to pick from a very small selection of breakfast items on the menu. but our waitress was nice enough to let us order from the original breakfast menu. overall the service was great and the food was good as well.
4	We had both breakfast and lunch here, and both meals were outstanding.For breakfast I had an omelet with bacon, cheddar and onion.  The omelet was oozing with cheese and bacon, and was served with some perfectly crisp hash browns and a side of sourdough toast.  The coffee was delightfully bold.For lunch I got the turkey club with potato salad.  First of all, I swear that sandwich had a half a pound of crispy bacon on it!  Man did that make my lunch!  Also, the potato salad was the best potato salad I've ever had (outside of what my mother-in-law used to make).  For real.  I don't know what they put in there, but it was devine.The only downside was that the service was slow, but if you're bringing me delicious food in the end, I really don't care!
2	I thought I liked this place, but after yesterday, I can say the food is mediocre. The cafe itself looks really nice and would lead you to believe it is expensive so of course the food had to be good....not today, might have just been the afternoon chefs at the time or something they normally do to all their food, but they use a lot of oil when they cook.I ordered the seared trout, and that thing was smothered with oil under, I had to keep drinking water, even the green beans that were on top were really oily. One of my friends had orderd some hash browns, although they came out extra crispy the way they like it, it was also drenched in oil. Onf of my friend's medium rare steak came out pretty damn well.Besides the food, service was good.
2	ummmmm...bad food. for the money you pay, go somewhere else. =P
2	I had a huge amount of Aria resort credit to burn so I tried Cafe Vettro. I don't think I would try it again unless I had a ton of credit... I most definitely would not pay actual cash.The first time I went, the bf and I just wanted to take out sandwiches to bring back to our room since it was around 2AM and we'd gotten back late. To place a take out order, you actually have to sit down at a booth/table and order through the waiter.Our waiter the first time around was amazingly obnoxious. I didn't tip because it was, after all, a to-go order and really... no service had been rendered to deserve a tip. The waiter actually had the gall to open and look at the check when he came by to pick it up. And when he saw that I didn't tip, his face noticeably darkened.  ...Yeah, I was worried for my sandwich that night.Thankfully, the sandwich (a BLT) was tasty and I couldn't find anything wrong with it except that I'd asked for wheat and gotten white bread. The fries did get a bit soggy by the time we walked back to our room. We also found that the bf's French Dip Roast Beef sandwich was missing the jus... so it ended up being semi-dry.After such a meh experience, we were a bit reluctant to go back but it was our last morning and I think I still had around $80 in credit to burn. So, we went back and decided to have a crazy breakfast.Our waiter this time was luckily very professional and nice, and our dishes were quite decent. I got Irish oats and a fruit plate, and my oatmeal came with little containers of milk, honey, and brown sugar. The fruit plate had a selection of sliced melons, strawberries, and blueberries. The bf's omelette was massive and maybe had a little too much cheese. Finally, we also ordered a watermelon juice, but it didn't taste fresh-squeezed and there were no refills for the small, nearly $7.50 glass (!!).Overall, it's way, way overpriced and service is sketchy. Perhaps it depends on what time you go - the morning waiters were definitely better than the ones at night. I'd only recommend coming here if you have credit. Don't waste your dollars here.
3	This is another place that has been getting some bad reviews from hater-z lately, so the P o T once again has to step in and set the story straight on this 24 hour cafe located in Aria. This is a coffee shop all glammed up Vegas - style, but in the end, it is a Denny's with much better decor and patrons. Had the burger and boss/wife had the veggie burrito. They were both filling and to the point..no complexities in the flavors nor ingredients. The only funny thing was that our server was apparently Forrest Gump with his slow, awkward demeanor. He was very friendly, don't get me wrong, but his tone and movements really reminded me of Tom Hank's Oscar Winning character that I was hoping he would bring out a box of cho-co-lates for our dessert.
1	Its like Sitting at the Airport. Cold ambiance. Food just Bad & expensive. I would go somewhere Else. I really regret it
4	My best friend came in to Vegas for the day to visit. I wanted to take her to the new hotels to see how amazing they are. We decided to have lunch and a couple cocktails here after checking the menu out.We shared the grilled vegetable pizza and I had my own cocktail concoction made (Grey goose, water, lime & mint)...YUMMY! I loved how they can or will make any cocktail you want. My friend had their house margarita on the rocks and loved it so much she had 3...hey, she was on vacation!The service was good and the views outside were stunning!
2	Server occasionally graced us with his presence, the burger and the calamari was good but everything else was sub-par. the manager was a great guy. The restaurant itself is very nice. I expect more from Aria especially when it comes to service, food might be a matter of preference but the service is not.
2	Late-night food should taste good even when it's bad, but I clearly remember how poor the food was. We ordered the turkey club and the quesadilla. The redeeming quality of the sandwich was that the fries were pretty good, despite being thick. The quesadilla didn't have enough cheese though, so it was really dry and hard around the edges. There was also a wait of about 5 groups at 3am. There were plenty of open table. It seems crazy to go out of your way to get late-night food in Vegas, but we love Raffles Cafe over at Mandalay!
1	Gross gross gross meatloaf. You'd think a fancy hotel like this would have a chef that could make a somewhat decent meatloaf. The hostess was really nice. The waiter was a little annoying but somewhat nice. I'm just grossed out with my food. My meatloaf was a rubbery hunk of something. My husband had an easier time cutting his steak with his knife. So gross. Boston markets meatloaf is a thousand times better.
3	over priced but i had a pretty good meal....but a sandwich and a soup should not cost me over 24 bucks....just saying i did not see any golf flakes in my soup
2	Let's just make it clear that when you're eating at Cafe Vettro, you're not paying to eat delicious food. You're paying for the fancy seating, the view, the high ceiling and the expensive China. I had grilled mahi mahi on wild rice with mango salsa. Sounds delicious. but it wasn't. Pity. I spent $50 on myself alone.
3	Cafe Vettro is a typical run-of-the-mill hotel cafe with basic breakfast, lunch and dinner fare. Desperate to eat when I first got here so I stopped for an early dinner. Had nachos which were fine, nothing special. Salsa was meh. Breakfast the next day was an egg white omelet, eggs were either very undercooked or they used way too much oil (defeats the purpose of egg whites). Prices are just fine for Vegas. Its a good place to go if you are in a bit of a hurry, its always pretty quiet (not sure if that's a good sign).
1	How can this place even be considered a place to eat. The food is horible. We had to return our dishes for being cold. There was actual wilted lettuce that could'nt even be considered food for turtles. How can you mess up French Fries?
3	I came for breakfaast and klets face it who really can mess up breakfast... The coffee was just so/so; the food was pretty ok.  I guess the service as really, really amazing.  The wait staff was attentive and had pretty good follow through. I think a pretty ass ihop... Vegas style Baby lol...  sadly the food was not note worth !!!
3	I ate here at 4 a.m. completely famished, so it's hard to say how good the food was - because let's face it, when you're starving, everything tastes good. I ordered an egg white veggie scramble with toast. It came out with some blueberry preserves that were a little slice of heaven. Aside from the preserves, everything else was "just" good and wasn't greasy in the least. I will say for a couple of eggs, it took FOREVER for my food to arrive, or perhaps that was my hunger talking.
5	we came around brunch time hoping to get some breakfast food.unfortunately the full breakfast menu was only until  11am. BUT they had a "late risers" breakfast menu offered. It was simple and basic breakfast foods like eggs, bacon,ham, hashbrowns, etc but it was super delicious and the servings were enough to fill our tummies. Their coffee was also strong and very good! The a,biance of the place is modern and clean..like Aria! We would definelty go here again to try other things.
1	You would think that the huge line to get into the place would indicate this is the hottest coffeeshop on the strip.  However, the line is a vegas illusion and this restaurant shouldn't even be welcomed at the circus circus in Reno let alone the Aria which is beautiful.  We went at 8am so they should have been ready to rock for breakfast but they didn't even have their instruments out.There was nobody in the restaurant so the line was BS.  The service could be compared to Denny's at 3 in the morning.  The eggs were runny, the coffee was swill, the waffle was plain and had zero wow factor.  With so many options in vegas please do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere so they put in a better food option in this spot.
3	I don't hate this place, I don't love this place. I can say I am sort of indifferent to cafe Vettero. The hubby and I stopped here after a day trip and wanted a meal, but not a place that would push us into a food coma. So nix the buffet. It was too early for the other restaurants to open, so that left Cafe Vettero. We ordered a plate of calamari, a margharita pizza for me and a chicken quesadilla for the hubs. The calamari was really good, I really liked the breading. However, the pizza was no different than what I got out of a fast food window. The quesadilla was pretty flavorless. it was all edible and did what it needed to do and that was to kill some hunger.I have to admit that I was hoping the food would have a little less of a fast food quality. I really don't think that it is too much to ask. I'll eat the again if I need food and no ther option is available or it is extremely convenient, but that's about it.
1	DANGER DANGER!!! Water SPILLAGE all over the restaurant,.. I SLIPPED AND FELL!! As I tried lifting myself up, assuming I had tripped because of the late night drinking in VEGAS, I FIND A PUDDLE OF WATER all over the ground I was laying at. WTH?! Do they not have signs stating BEWARE,. WET SPOTS AHEAD?! I would like warning signs so I can avoid dangerous situations. I reported the mess to management in charge "Joaquin" hoping they can clean the mess instantly.   Lucky I am young and don't have tender bones,. if an older person would have slipped, they would have gotten a concussion or broke a few bones.  His line "What do you want me to do about it? Call you an AMBULANCE?!" WHAT ABOUT A : "MAM,. I AM SORRY, LET ME CLEAN UP THE MESS AND SEE WHAT I CAN DO FOR YOU!!"  DISRESPECTFUL HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!As I wasn't in the right state of mind to make the right logical decision,. my last line to JOAQUIN is " What's your name,. I AM GOING TO WRITE YOU A HORRIBLE BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE REVIEW on YELP!!" Not only was I the only one who slipped on a puddle of water, but another of friend of mine also said they had slipped while walking to the bathroom, his exact words "I actually slipped and couldn't get back up,. I tried lifting myself up, but there was to much water on the ground (spilled drink) that I SLIPPED twice in the same location!!"   IF YOU WANT TO break a few bones, feel free to walk into this establishment.  .
2	+ not busy+ nice ambiance+ good wait service- can't beat grand luxe's selection- food is meh even when intoxicated- food comes out slowly
2	Poor service - they were clearly understaffed. The food was decentl though. The steaks were cooked well and my pork chop was good. The mashed potatoes could be better - I could show that kitchen a thing or two about potatoes.
3	Came here late night at the end of our extended weekend.  My friend grabbed a fry off of one of the plates the server was handing out to the table next to us, which did not please the server.  She talked it over with her boss, who then gave us the plate without saying much.  Needless to say, the table next to us wasn't to happy, nor was their waitress.  Decent food, nice scenery.
2	We had breakfast in the cafe since we're staying at tha Aria.  The food was overpriced for the quality.  Three eggs were okay, 2 thin slices of bacon, hashbrowns cooked only on 1 side, and cold unbuttered toast - $14.00.  They did serve butter for the cold toast but it was cold and hard.  We could have eaten better food at Denny's across the street.  Very disappointed and we won't return.
3	Breakfast is really great after a loooong night out. We stayed next door at the Vdara so this was a short walk over. * pancakes were good but the waffle was better.* nice ambience * short wait in line compared to other Vegas spots
1	Mojitos were okay. Its hard to get them wrong but I have been to places who make horrible ones. I wouldn't get the nachos. Not very good. The server didn't want to work. First he kept insisting my friend get scrambled eggs to make the cooks life easier but she insisted she wanted over easy. When the food came out guess how the eggs were cooked? Scrambled. Because they took so long she didn't say anything. She also ordered an ice tea never got it we didn't say anything about that either. We did ask for guacamole for the nachos did we get that hell no we didn't and we asked twice for that. Oh forgot my other friend ordered a burger with bacon. No bacon on the burger. No we didn't complain about that either. I don't think we are asking for too much here especially since we didn't complain about half the stuff. We just wanted some darn guacamole for the bad nachos.
1	I don't think we will be eating at this joint again.  We have stayed at Aria many times and wanted to give this place a try plus  because we had a $75 Hotel Credit from Aria.  We had to wait to be seated...no one was in line!  There were people running around but no one came to our table for 10 min.   We could have gotten better service and food at Denny's or iHOP.  We DO NOT recommend Cafe Vettro!
1	They should be able to do so much better with this place than they do. While staying at the Aria, I went there twice and in both cases it took forever to get the food out (cold once of the two times) even though it wasn't busy. The lack of business should have been a tip off and I shouldn't have gone back after the first lackluster experience. I won't be going back even if I stay at the Aria again.
1	While staying in the Aria, we went twice for breakfast.  The first time was fine - quick service, good food.  The second time, however, convinced is that that was our last time there.  We were there an hour, and no food.  The server was nervous - he brought us a complimentary fruit plate.  We walked out, but not before getting hold of the manager, who handled the situation very poorly.  Rather than empathizing with us, he asked us to go back to our table and he would look into it.  Instead, we told him we were leaving.
2	Came here to grab a late night meal...the place was extremely empty, and yet our service was pretty terrible...the guy did barely the bare minimum, and had a pretentious air to him, as he barely said anything to us.  The major perk is that the food was very reasonably priced, and the food was decent, but nothing amazingly spectacular.  The club sandwich was decent but pretty bland...the chicken wrap was a better choice.
3	An everyday cafe with a fancy ambiance and inflated prices.  Had a fine time, menu was good, food was good.  Just irked me that its no different ultimately than a cafe you'd find in any hotel casino, but bc it's Aria it has to be over the top and priced to match.  If you want your pedestrian life to feel a little like you are high society but not break your meager bank account then definitely dine here.
2	This place is just ok...with all of the choices in Vegas, this is definitely not at the top of the list.  The atmosphere is ok, the service was extremely slow and the food is nothing special especially for the price!
4	First time to the Aria's cafe.  Nice atmosphere, but a little on the cold side.  Unexplainable 'rock' decor.  Metal banisters that the hostess had to warn everyone about as we walked around it - why have it there?Anyway, I had probably one of the best salmon dishes ever.  BBQ salmon over red pepper polenta with crispy onion strips.  No question, I will order that again.Hubby had the turkey club sandwich with fries.  Just your average club sandwich.Oh, and I have to mention, they have the BEST mocha ever.  At breakfast the next day, hubby had an omelet with hash towns.  I don't remember what kind of omelet, because I was concentrating on my chicken fried steak with eggs, hash browns, biscuit.  Yummy!  And another mocha please.
3	Came here for breakfast almost everyday during my stay here in the hotel. great selections for breakfast and the food quality and service are great. I liked this place a lot but have to say the price is a bit high compare to other places. 7.50 for fresh OJ and $4 dollars for extra 2 pieces of white toast....ouch!
3	I can only give three stars because of the prices...yikes!!!  Other than that, the service was flawless, the food was delicious, and the ambiance is lovely.  We dined for breakfast with 5 people.  Average price for a breakfast was over $15.  Yowsa!  I ordered chicken fried steak and eggs.  Price tag $18.  Caveat:  probably the best chicken fried steak I've ever had.  2 eggs were cooked perfectly and the biscuit was fluffy and delicious.  Hash browns were ok.  Momma had eggs benedict - $20.  She said they were great. We also had a waffle - $13.  It was tasty.The floor to ceiling windows provide an excellent view.
3	Mmmm Cafe Vettro... You're a 3.74 in my book, but I still can't round you up.As many others have said, the service here (albeit friendly) is slow. I can't imagine what it would be like when the place is packed. Food wise, my meal was really good! I got the grilled vegetable burrito, available under the speciality sandwich section - haha. Three words: more Oaxaca cheese. This is what makes the burrito people. Ask for extra, trust. At $14, it's a wallet thinner.Since you are already spending an arm, you might as well spend a leg on their juice. The watermelon juice was very good. I would come back just for the juice.This is was the first time I bothered to read their menu/info tablet and this place is open 24 hours. Good to know at 4 am when everything else in Aria seems to be closed.
4	We ate breakfast/brunch here twice while we stayed at the Aria. It's a convenient location with not much of a wait, depending on when you go. The only drawback is the exceptionally slow service we experienced on our first time there. Breakfast should NOT take an hour and a half - we're wasting valuable pool time here!Our first trip, we all got breakfast, along with mimosas and bloody marys. once we were seated, it took forever for a waiter to come over with menus. It took forever for him to come back to give us water -which we had to ask for, twice. It took forever for him to come take our order. It took forever for our food to get here. Are you sensing a theme here? It generally took forever.I had the steak and eggs, which were phenomenal. I got scrambled egg whites with mine, which were cooked perfectly. The steak was seasoned nicely and cooked to my liking. The hash browns were so, SO good. I mean, I cleaned my plate. It was exactly what I had hoped for.My friend had ordered something that had jalepenos, and asked for it without the jalepenos. What did she get? Tiny pieces of jalepenos all throughout her dish. When she mentioned it to the waiter, he mumbled something about telling the cook, and took the item off our bill since it was mostly not edible for her.Our second experience was much better - fast service all around, no issues with the food. We all split a bunch of dishes - chicken fingers, nachos, caesar salad, and quesadillas. Everything was really, really great, except for the quesadillas. We found ourselves longing for the quesadillas we had at the pool the other day instead.Overall a great spot to eat in Aria, if you go at the right time!
4	We enjoyed a late night dinner here and were very happy! Our server Bobby was so fun and entertaining! He was telling us all about the shows and the building of the hotel( Aria ). The restaurant has a wonderful , freshly modern decor. Not the kind of modern that tries too hard, it's a quietly elegant space. I especially like how the booths are tucked into their own square recess , surrounded by plexiglas shadow shelves that reveal rows upon rows of backlit stones that were excavated from the land that the Aria was built upon! Equally stunning is the wooded ramp way leading up to the restaurant surrounded by more plexiglass shadow shelving, but shown in stacks resembling a pyramid of sorts . It's hard to explain , but it's lovely! And a big thanks to Bobby once again , as he was a wonderful host!!
2	Wanted a substantial breakfast for the first morning in Vegas but wanted to get it to-go. There are only two breakfast places in Aria and i though this would have more big breakfast options. When i asked the hostess about ordering to go, i was told they aren't set up for that and i would have to get sat at a table and order then get it to go. And, it was on a 10 min wait despite the fact that it was 70% empty. What??We did eat there the next day, and had pretty good service. The country fried steak and eggs were quite tasty. Prices are vegas prices, more than they should be but portions were good.
3	Conveniently located inside hotel Aria. Beautiful decor with tall glass windows letting in lots of light in the day time. However, food is a bit mediocre compared to the style it portrays.Had a late night snack with my buddy. Ordered from the late night menu (11AM to 6PM).http://www.arialasvegas.com/sites/default/files/dining/restaurant/menu/cafe-vettro-late-night.pdf* Chicken Quesadilla $13 (3 of 5 )- Crispy, but nothing else special. It was actually pretty small portion for $13.  * Chicken Fingers (chose Buffalo) $10 (2.5 of 5) - They were pretty generic looking. it was like 4 boneless pieces and fingers dipped in a really vinegarred buffalo sauce. The buffalo sauce was too sour for me.The place is beautiful and it opens 24 hours. But the food doesn't meet the high standards I expect from Aria. I think they can present and make better cafe dishes.
4	Well I'll be damned if I didn't have the best open face pastrami sandwich I have ever had at this place for lunch today.And spectacular service.
2	Food is mediocre. Waiter looked at me weird when I requested to have hash browns with my club sandwich. When I got my hash browns they were disgusting. Cold, too buttery and no crunch to them at all. My husband had their pear endive salad and the pears were EXTREMELY sour and wasn't edible at all.
2	I thought it would be better for a place inside Aria. The selection was Ok but more for a 24 hour dinner. Some improvements might make it a better place to enjoy some great food.
2	We at lunch and breakfast here last weekend.  Lunch, on Friday, was fine and our waitress was super helpful.  However, breakfast on Saturday, was dreadful.  The coffee was so bitter and acidic, that we ended up ordering tea instead.  When we told our waitress that the coffee was terrible, she challenged our assertion and claimed that the restaurant is supposedly known for their good coffee.  I beg to differ!  The food was highly mediocre and very expensive,  We spent over $100 for breakfast (for the 2 of us) and left feeling really ripped off. For comparison, we had breakfast at Payard Patisserie at Caesar's the next day, paid about $60 and had a phenomenally better exprience.
4	Not sure why there are so many poor reviews for this place...I came here on a random Wednesday afternoon/evening by myself for a quick dinner between work and conference calls. I was quickly seated and waited on just as fast. Food came quickly, BLT (photo attached). The decor of the place was really nice... nothing to fancy but still unique and Vegas worthy.Price: a BLT and a coke, plus tip, 20$. Ya that may seem steep, but this is the strip in Vegas... you're lucky to get a drink for less than $10.I wouldn't suggest bringing a woman here on a first date, or if your looking for the glam and glits of the strip don't come. But if you want a decently priced hot meal, say between hitting the pool all day and the room for some pre-game drinks, this place is just fine.
1	For a breakfast that cost $50 for two (including tip/tax) this reastaurant is dramatically over-priced.Their coffee is really low quality.  It was so bad that we ended up walking to Roasted Bean in the casino to get fresh coffee.  We noticed about half the guests in the restaurant had brought their own coffee.We oredered omelets and they were on the small side and nothing special.The service was very slow.There are many options for breakfast in Vegas and we would not recommend this restaurant.  We went there because we wanted to be served, but the service was too slow and the prices too high to make this a place to go back to.
1	Horrible.
3	3 stars because it's my late night go to, steps away from my front door. Quality? It's not great. Staff? As a whole they are friendly and efficient. Price? It's wayyy over priced There is usually a line to be seated during normal hours and after the  club lets out. It moves slowly. mlife gold and platinum members have their line which they seat first. So why come? They make a really good grill cheese at 6am :)The OJ is to die for! Might be the freshest thing on the menu Stay away from the steak and eggs it's not good. The French toast looks great but it's pretty average as well. As far as eating options on the strip it's not top ranked on my list. In fact it barley makes its on my list at all except that it is so darn hard to find a 24 eating option in city center.
3	Only ate here because they were in the process of renovating the buffet.  Great ambience and love the view of the valet area.  Was seated right away and had great service.  The food is just average.  Maybe a tad better than room service.  I had the biscuit and gravy with scramble eggs (covered with cheddar cheese).  The biscuits were dry and did not have enough gravy.  Breakfast burrito was decent per the wife.  Would have preferred the buffet.
2	--------------Breakfast, lunch, and late night------------------For a place that's super spacious, the service is ridiculously slow and the food is subpar (pretty on par with all standard priced places in Vegas). I was working an event in this hotel which required me to make sure my team was fed during the long hours. This place doesn't do to-go. You wait in line, all so you can be seated, order your food and get it to go. I realize its not meant to be a fast food place but seriously? An HOUR just to get y food to go? Bleh.
1	Stayed at Vdara this time for our annual Vegas trip and it was really hard to find a late night dining option after 11pm in City Center area. We were shocked how difficult it was to find something open! I should have checked the Yelp reviews first, but with the limited options, we strolled into Cafe Vettro around midnight. Waited forever to be seated, was told to step out of line because we were a large party of 10. Then service was horrible and food was just okay. Our group mostly had desserts, which were severely marked up, along with the other overpriced items on the menu. Also, an Orange Juice was $7! WTF! Waited a good 20 minutes for our bill and had to resort to asking for a manager. Spoke to the manager and complained about the service - manager ended up bringing over the check without offering any sort of discount or compensation for our bad experience. Will not return ever again!
3	I rate the Cafe Vettro in Aria Las Vegas 3 of 5 stars. Located in the Aria Hotel and Casino, City Center, Las Vegas, NV, Cafe Vettro is entered from the casino floor and overlooks the Hotel's rear enterance including the Vdara. I have had both breakfast and lunch at Cafe Vettro in the past. Like all food in Las Vegas it is expensive compared to iHop at home. However, this is an up-scale cafe with an amazing environment and view. It is simply beautiful to sit, eat and observe the Aria. Food is high quality with reasonable portions. The service is high quality, prompt and with friendly staff. If you want a good solid meal this  is a good choice. I am sure I'll return to eat at Cafe Vettro in the future. I do recommend it. Why only 3 stars? It is a bit high priced.
1	We didn't actually eat here. We stood on line for about 40 minutes on Christmas Eve around 10 pm. Were finally seated and waited another 20 minutes or so for service. Our waitress did dash by and say she'd be right with us, but about 10 minutes after that I decided that this just wasn't going to end well. We stood up and put on our coats -- which did make the waitress come over to ask if we wanted to order.Tried again for breakfast Christmas day, mostly because we got up late and there wasn't anyplace still serving cooked breakfast. Stood on line 15 minutes without it moving an inch, never saw a hostess. Left. Sounds like we got lucky, actually.
1	This is a ridiculously overpriced restaurant, even for Las Vegas. The food was mediocre and the service was bad.  It seemed like the servers hated their jobs. Vegas is a great place to get great food at reasonable prices, so definitely skip this location.
3	Not the finest cuisine in the world, but not bad at all.  Especially if you're looking for a quick bite.There is a multitude of fine dining options at Aria Las Vegas Resort & Casino, but sometimes you just want a burger, ya know?  Cafe Vettro is the answer.  It's a beautiful space with towering floor to ceiling windows facing the front entrance of the hotel with amazing amounts of natural light.  I believe they recently installed shades for the windows because it used to be like dining while staring at the sun.  Not fun.You'll find the typical menu items here:  burgers, salads, sandwiches, fried calamari and steaks.  The steaks are surprisingly good and a great value for the price.  Service is flawless here.  Every time I dine here the wait staff is supremely friendly and pleasant.  I was last here on Christmas Day and I expected uber stink face, but they were still pleasant!  Remarkable.Tip: The right side of the line is the general line and the left is for M Life members that are Gold level or above.  Don't be that guy who goes in the M Life line and has to get rejected in front of everyone.  They actually check.  It's embarrassing.
2	I guess you can't expect too much from a casino cafe, but this place was a bit spendy so I yeah, I did expect more.  The food is exactly as Yelp describes two-star ratings: Meh.  The lighting in the restaurant is so bright and the tables are set up in such a way that you feel like you are sitting in a cafeteria.  Even though it was quite slow, our server too, was also quite slow.  We told him we had a show to get to and after he brought out our food, he just disappeared.  He finally brought us our check and then disappeared again.  I would say from the moment we were done eating to getting out of there took about 20 minutes.  I'm sure I won't be back.
2	Came here twice during my stay at Vegas. Once after the clubs and once in the morning because I was starving and I thought I'd give it another shot. The price to taste ratio is way off base. The presentation is nice but I did not walk out content at full even after a few drinks. I had calamari and a walnut cranberry salad and both were disappointing. The calamari is juicy and nice but their dipping sauce made me feel queasy and greasy after three bites. The salad had way too much cranberry and walnut and overwhelms the entire dish. I'm not picky - but 35$ for two appetizers, I expect more. My friend had the chicken noodle soup and caprese burger. The soup just had a piece of rotisserie chicken in bowl and did not look appetizing at all. She also commented that the burger "sucked."To top this all off, the service was incredibly slow and I only got a smile once I smiled first. All the waiters/waitresses just seemed jaded. My advice: If open, just get food from the bakery next door...
4	This is one of our staple eateries in Vegas (despite it's pricing being a little much). I love coming here after my first night in Vegas to recuperate. The breakfast burrito I had was phenomenal (especially for a non-Mexican food restaurant, and I'm from San Diego, so I'd like to think I've experienced great Mexican food). My gf asked if they had Chicken Noodle soup yet since it was 10am and not 11am (which is lunch time when the soup is generally served), and they asked in the back and someone made it for her; how nice is that!! They kept our glasses of water full the entire meal which was nice because when you're a little hungover, it's probably best to keep re-hydrating yourself... I will have to deduct a star for the timeliness of the service. I felt it could have been a little more on point and quicker since I wanted to get back to the room to get ready for the day, but meh, it was nice to relax and nurse my hangover at the table as well.
2	Food was good but service was awful. Not sure if it was an off-night for this server but we saw him once when seated then not again for another 45 minutes. When we spoke to the manager he was not too helpful but he did give us free drinks and comped half our bill because it was an hour before we saw our food...and our server again. The restaurant was also not busy at all. But it was a very nice ambience.
3	Surprised at the somewhat negative bias on the reviews. Going here for lunch worked very well and the bowl of chili I had was quite tasty and the service was good too. A tip for after you pay the bill is to exit through the glass swing door that goes out into the main entrance area of the Aria. It does not look like an exit, and in fact, if we did not see others do it we would never know it was possible.
4	Interesting all the negative reviews here. I think you have to rate this place for what it is. This is a place for a quick bite or a "cheaper" meal before you go out on the town. I came here with my 2 young sons for dinner while mommy was out on the strip at a well known "adult" restaurant with our friends. First-the hostess was very pleasant and in a very good mood as she seated us. Our server Ron was spectacular! He treated my young sons with respect and paid attention to them as they ordered their own dinners. They really felt grown up having dinner with daddy because Ron treated them as adults. The menu is vast and almost diner like. Between us we had the cheese burger, grilled cheese and foot long hot dog (yes-it is a foot long). They were all fresh, tasted good and presented well. They came with chips or fries. The pricing was actually a little less that I would have expected from a top notch hotel restaurant even with ordinary dishes.Bottom line-If you need a less expensive, less fancy place for a meal, this is the place.My boys would actually give Cafe Vettro 5 stars!
2	The ambiance and food do not match. One must lower their expectations when eating here; it is, after all, a 24-hour diner. If you are coming for breakfast, must get the mimosa- lots of fresh squeezed juices to choose from. Breakfast food was BLAH but did the trick.
2	Overall this place is less than average.  The service was pretty terrible and we had to wait about 20 minutes to get in, and when we finally walked in there were about 50 open tables in the place.  The line was at least 15 parties deep at 9am, a pretty good time to have breakfast in Vegas on a Saturday.  I'd pack it in and find someplace better next time.
3	Very solid performance on two separate occasions while on a recent trip to the Aria Resort and Casino. We were able to score some Bloody Mary specials and lord knows I needed them and while we were at it we ordered breakfast. There was no line to speak of to get in and the service was really very good. We were approached immediately after seating and the food was good. For the morning after or if you're just craving steak and eggs, this is a good go-to spot for a good meal and good service.
2	The only time I ever come here is after a late night out. The food is mediocre at best. Should rename to: Cafeteria Vettro
3	Standard, nothing special. Greek Salad was 80% olives..... that was weird. Fresh bread was delicious though. Steak sandwich was very hard to eat.
3	7/11: Cafe Vettro. Great service, friendly hostesses and waiters (even one that didn't wait on my table). Quick refills.The Aria Burger was alright, nothing special. Used some poker comps. Not worth the full $18 (though I have yet to find a burger that would be). The Raspberry Iced Tea wasn't that great either ($4.50). Turkey Burger was ok. Fries were standard. Other customers didn't seem that thrilled to be there either. The only reason to eat here would be for the convenience if you're staying at the Aria, or if you got a fully comped meal. Aria probably assigned management to make mediocre food, as they would be competing against their own (fine dining) restaurants. Probably some kind of marketing strategy to get you to spend more in other places. Pretty standard business structure. Nice decor. Very spacious and quiet. I would come back if I had enough comps for a free meal :)
2	My breakfast was very middle-of-the-road.  Service was friendly, but in its category of Vegas resort cafes,  I expected better from Aria.  The coffee was weak - huge sin!  The menu was not very inspiring and the hashbrowns served with my omelet were strange.
1	Worst service ever! We waited more than 40 minutes to get WATER! I went to get a pitcher myself. Eventually we walked out and I don't think the "manager" even noticed. Funny thing the restaurant was half empty. Stay away from here!!
4	I came in for lunch with coworkers. It was a Friday at noon and there was no wait. We were very chatty and it took a while for us to order but the server was patient with us. I ordered coffee and it came out with a cup and a carafe of coffee. This was funny because it reminded me of the old school diners back in the day. For food, I ordered the Tuna Melt and inhaled it. It was pretty darn good with the side of sweet potato fries. I think it is really hard to mess up a tuna melt though. Being my first time here, I wouldn't be able to compare what it was before when it was Cafe Vettro. I would probably come back for lunch.
4	Wonderful (Thank you Yvonne) Staff very well trained. Large portions and presented very well. Would I go back  you bet
3	Weeeee. Super expensive for what you get ($20 for what seemed like a costco burger). But hey, for convenience and relative to other more expensive yet equally overpriced options, this place sufficed. The night crowd at 4am were all so friendly so that was a bonus! I wouldn't recommend getting the burger though.. Maybe try something safer than a burger... like eggs.
4	Came in for breakfast/lunch and ended up getting a mimosa and chicken tenders which is an odd combo but both were equally good :) The chicken tenders weren't greasy Our servers were very helpful and super nice The decor is cute, very earthy
1	Came for breakfast with the fam.first impression  was wow on the ambiance. And it all ended from there. For a billion dollar hotel I got  better service and food quality from my local Denny's.  Our server looked like a beat up 50 yr old lady with hair sticking out everywhere. She was not attentive nor professional like the workers at WYNN restaurant hotel.  I ordered steak & eggs nothing special.  Wife got veggie egg whites was Meh. My sons pancakes was good.Bottom line this place is a ripoff!!!!Don't get me wrong I don't mind spending $$$ on quality food but this place was a biggg disappoint Our bill came out to $707.50 for  plain apple juice!4.50 for folders water down coffee4.50 for awful cappuccino Beware don't come here!!!!
3	some of the reviews on this place are frightening, but our experience was fine.  Huevos Rancheros were enjoyed by the wife, I liked my chicken and waffles even if they were chicken fingers.
3	We had a good breakfast here before flying out of town.  The space is nice and big, but there were only 3-4 groups at 6 am.  Our server was odd but attentive.  Huevos Rancheros was good and filling.  Not the best version I have had but pleasant.  My husband had the chicken and waffles.  It was odd that the chicken was strips.  However, the chicken was delicious!  The pecans on the waffles were a great and tasty addition.  We will be back!
1	One of the worst services I have ever had. They seemed completely understaffed and just oblivious to their customers. Quite sad.
5	We came here for an afternoon brunch during our stay in Vegas just this weekend. When we arrived here, we were instantly amazed by the way the place looked. It had an earthy like tone to it, which made it look very peaceful. Our server Ronald was very attentive and kind with us. Good old Ronald! I had scrambled eggs with bacon and some hash browns and my girlfriend had a grilled salmon which looked very nice and our friend ordered a tomato basil soup with a side order of sweet potato fries! Our food looked so nice we didn't want to eat it for fear of ruining its great look! The servers were very attentive about refilling our glasses with water. The bill came out to a total of $55 for 3 people. That is not a bad price for great food and wonderful service. Its funny that people always complain about the prices whenever they choose to eat at any restaurant inside a hotel on the Strip. People, you know Vegas is pricey to begin with. If you are going to complain about the prices, then go eat at the McDonalds or a taco truck downtown. Seriously, Vegas is all about spending money. If you want to have a good time and get treated like you deserve to, then its gonna cost you some cash to do so. I have no complaints here! I would recommend this place to anybody who is looking for a nice brunch while on the Strip
1	Wow! Aria!   You would expect nothing but smiles, excellent service and exceptional food!   Very disappointed!   NO Smiles or happy faces in this place.   Even when I tried to get the server to smile she didn't even acknowledge me.  The food was warm and had sat somewhere as it had a dull glaze on it.   The pizza was tough like it had microwaved.   Our drinks were good but came just before our meal, which was a long wait.   Expensive for what you order.  Too many restaurants to choose, don't waste your time or money here!  The one star was for the view!
3	ATMOSPHERE:   3-4 Stars- Very open with west view. We were lucky to get a "u" shaped booth for cozy relaxed dining.SERVICE: 4 Stars- very attentive waiter.  We also had two other employees "check in on us".FOOD: 3 Stars- Chicken tortilla soup- Yummy, just right spice level and nice and thick with beans,corn and yes- real chicken!  Greek salad (we shared one order and the waiter served it already separated into 2 bowls--very nice touch) fresh veggies with just right amount of dressing.  We both had a big serving so the actual salad must be HUGE.Reuben sandwich:  good balance of kraut,meat, and cheese on swirled rye.  (Shared & good for two).  Bloody Mary- standard fair.  Espresso same.  Sweet endings with carrot cake- above average treat.Total bill-$75.00  3 Stars - this seems to be the "price-point" for a two person 'standard meal' on the strip.Yes, I would go back- but with so many choices-probably not.   Too many restaurants to try here in this great city!
3	Came here based on Yelp recommendations. The atmosphere was nice, a lot of light and nice decor. Service was good. Price for breakfast was a bit high but in line for Vegas. Had the classic eggs Benedict which was good. Recommend to eat. Nothing special but you can get a decent meal here.
3	Decent food .. Service was good didn't love the omelet at all. Cool scenery though and love being inside aria always good energy in the casino.
2	The atmosphere reminds of an airport. The place is so busy and crowded, it's impossible to generate an atmosphere. We went for breakfast and spend almost an hour with all the waiting. The food and coffee were actually good, even tough nobody of the staff seems to like their jobs. We sat close to the front desk and the phones keeps ringing while nobody picking it up. Kind of annoying after a while. Overall another average place, more or less. Price/Value Ratio isn't there at all.
4	First time here just for a quick lunch. Beautiful view and very modern decor & very clean. We just got some light sandwiches very tasty, a liitle pricey. Staff was courteous and attentive.
3	My husband and I ate a late lunch at the Aria Cafe, just a few hours prior to our wedding last Saturday. I have very mixed feelings about this place. We arrived during a slow period, with only a few families in the regular line. We showed our Sky Suite pass and we were told to wait in a separate area. It took nearly twenty minutes to be seated and the line grew behind us. The women working at the hostess station were chatting amongst themselves and very slow to communicate with the people that had joined the line. They were not giving us a very good initial impression of the cafe.The ambiance is great. The cafe is large, with high ceilings and lots of natural light. I love the desert theme, with earth tones and cactus on the patio. The wall of rocks encased in glass is very cool too.Our server was great- warm, friendly, attentive. Service was slow, but I felt like that was a general for the entire restaurant and not a reflection of our server. We were starving and started with a plate of the steak nachos. It was a huge plate and the nachos were delicious. I got a club sandwich with fries and my husband had a cheeseburger. We both had iced tea. The food was very good, however, it was also crazy expensive for what it was. We spent around eighty dollars for our meal, that would have been fair at fifty-sixty. We live in Los Angeles, travel to Vegas frequently and have just returned from London...we are used to paying higher prices...but this was just silly. We had a nice meal and really liked Aria, but we would not likely return to the cafe on future trips.
3	My friends and I ate here after a night of dancing. We ordered the buffalo wings, chicken enchaladas & chicken and waffles..The buffalo wings were flavorless. The chicken enchaladas were good and cheesy with nice amounts of chicken inside.Chicken and waffles was about 4 strips of chicken on a thick waffle. Waffle was standard but the chicken was nice a crunchy. Great place to go late night. Atmosphere nice and bright and the servers are fun and friendly.
1	Its really not recommended to go there. But if you're desperate for o'clock in the morning to place to eat at Aria.. Its just like like ani hop or a Waffle House..When there for lunch, 15 minutes to get water.. I asked the manager for help, did not do much. Another 20 minutes for the food to arrive, so spent practically 40 minutes to get water and food. The food quality is awful, terrible, poor, and disgusting..I ordered a lemon chicken and chicken fried rice.. The lemon chicken arrived with the chicken cold and Christy on the outside, Anna gelatin like material surrounding it.. Chicken fried rice was not edible at all,... When the menu set at chicken for more dollars literally that's what they do they just add chicken. It doesn't seem like the chicken was cooked with the rice or vice a versa. Chicken was cold and chewy and very dry, the vegetables definitely from a can.. So all together the meal is not worth it, the service was definitely not right the only good thing about the place that it is in Aria hotel which brings in a lot of customers, but I suspect  don't come back
5	Ate here last night at 11pm. Don't know why this place gets such low reviews. My husband and I were helped and served promptly and everything tasted delicious! We were in and out in no time! Get the hash browns! Very yummy!!
1	honestly the food is impeccable. if you're going for the "Vegas" feel where they give you amazing service, you are going to the wrong place. ate here 3 times, took combined HOURS to wait for food, drinks, check, etc. some of the servers are seriously on so much Xanax I could a contact buzz.food, amazing, but not worth the crap you have to deal with to get a refill or some warm bread. go somewhere else if you wanna be treated well.
5	Had a fantastic quick breakfast at Aria Cafe. We got the Huevos Rancheros and the Red Velvet Pancakes. The eggs were perfectly cooked to order, and the sauce was very tasty but it didn't have any potatoes. The whole thing felt very fresh and tasty. But the pancakes were the highlight of the morning, I have never had red velvet pancakes that tasted so full of flavor like these at Aria. The mini chocolates and cream cheese toppings went perfectly together. This is a must have. Amazing.
1	My wife and I were here for lunch on 11/30/2013.  It was most terrible experience ever.  Ordered Nacho Cheese as appetizer(looked like 3 days old, dry, words can't describe how terrible it was).  Plus two main dishes, came to our table after 30 minutes(it wasn't even busy), which I prefer McDonald.  Moreover, it took about 15 minutes to take our order.  Waitress asked us if we wanted to take out, I said NO, just look at this meal.  She then, took it to manager and manager went to kitchen, they waived the Nacho and two drinks to accommodate.  Nevertheless, this place does not belong into 5 stars hotel in Aria Hotel.
1	Decided to stop by here for a quick meal during the middle of our gambling.  Big mistake... I am sorry but your service is horrendous.  There are things I let go and there are other things I don't.  When I am paying prices like these and eating at locations like these I should not have to wait 30 minutes to get my order in and wait another 45 minutes to get my food.  Ordered the fried rice with beef and it was not good at all.  First off, $14 for fried rice is fine with me since i know its in the Aria casino and fine charge me $6 for the beef (and in their defense there was ALOT of beef) but at least make it tasty or proportianal.  There was absolutely no rice at all and it was nothing but beef.  Some people might like that but dang... its more like a beef dish that just case with a side of rice.  Just because you shove a lot of meat doesnt mean it will taste good.  I am curious as to who even cooked the food.  The waiter was non existant and it wasnt even that busy.  I am truly disappointed and it just makes the casino look bad since it is called ARIA cafe.  If the service in the cafe is that bad do I even want to know how bad the service is for the hotel?  Yea i will not come here ever again.Terrible food, terrible service and overpriced... those things should never be combined
3	Slow service...really really slow service, oh wait did I say the slow, we've been here 45 minutes and the waitress has brought us jelly, butter, and catsup....no food and no refills on our drinksOh the food finally came, very good. I had the Ruben...excellent, hubby had the 3 eggs breakfast, and much to his surprise the eggs were cooked perfectly.Our server was very sweet and nice , but really lost as a waitress, lots of running around apologizing to everyone, maybe she is just having an off day.
5	I came to Vegas for a birthday weekend and stopped into the Aria Cafe by chance after the line at the buffet was too long to bear. I'm SO glad I did because this was seriously one of the best breakfasts I've ever had - if not THE best. Our server, Ysenia, was courteous, attentive, and gave great suggestions. Yes, the restaurant was jam-packed and things may have taken a bit longer than usual, but we had an awesome table right by the tall windows that displayed the desert landscape motif which surrounded the restaurant. It made us feel like we were dining al fresco, rather than inside a crowded casino cafe. I ordered the Build-Your-Own omelet with toast and hash browns, which were circular, crispy, and filled with herbs and yummy goodness! The latte was smooth and luscious. My friend's Breakfast Sandwich was stacked with egg, cheese, and ham, and bacon and my cousin couldn't stop raving about her blueberry waffles. I'm not sure what other posters were complaining about but our experience was fantastic! Had I read other reviews I might have passed up this place, but I'm so glad I didn't.
2	What a disappointment! We usually have breakfast/brunch at Cafe Bellagio, but decided to head over to check out the Aria Cafe for a change of pace, and what a change it was!  If you want comfortable and warm surroundings, great coffee and impeccable service, Aria Cafe is not the place to go. In a huge cavernous room with soaring ceilings and glass walls, it is hard to sit back and relax. The room echoed so loudly that I could barely hear my husband talk across a small table! The menu was similar to Cafe Bellagio, but the food was not on par. My omelet was overcooked and my husband's salad looked like it had been sitting on a shelf for days. They did one thing right . . . I like my french fries almost burnt, and I asked for them that way. Given the rest of the meal, I am not sure that honored my wishes, or they just came that way?!Service was so-so, and should have been spot on for the prices they charge!  Needless to say, we won't be going back to Aria Cafe.
1	Let me start by saying im usually pretty patient, but the service here just way too slow.  Took about bout 20 min to get seated, when the whole place was empty, 20 min for the waiter to come.  And god knows how long for the food to get here....  Definitely do not recommend rhis place and will never come again, no wonder it has a 2 star rating.
2	Aria is a beautifully modern resort, and the cafe decor reflect that (although the color scheme was a little cold utilizing lots of grays).The GoodOur service was great, contrary to many of the reviews.  The BadYes, this is Vegas and I expect high prices. However, I also would like the quality to be somewhat reflected in the price.  Steak and eggs ($25) had a cut of meat that was full of tendons and fat.  Half of it was not edible.  The food coloring also made me lose my appetite (to their defense I believe 90%+ of restaurants have meat with good coloring).  I think I'm becoming a vegetarian.The Chilaquiles was drenched in Salsa Verde (which tasted like it came from a can).  It's like eating a salad drenched in dressing.  The flavors didn't come through and all I could taste was the salsa verde.  Most if it was not eaten.Red velvet pancake was okay.  Topping was overly sweet.  Great if you are Buddy the Elf.  Being ably to customize would have been good.  This sugar overload is "before" adding the syrup, which did come on the side.The fresh juice was highly recommended by the waitress.  I ordered it without questioning.  Afterwards I found out that we were charged $7 for lemonade and more for watermelon juice. The fresh squeezed element is good.  But...for that price I would rather get a fresh pressed green power juice at the Canyon Ranch Spa.  Lemon+water+sugar just doesn't seem to warrant that.  Total bill $80+ tip for 2 adults.  We left hungry....
3	This turned out to be an expensive late night food craving fixin. We felt a bit old because the music from Haze downstairs was still bumping and thumping the floor. Although the food was pricey, the service was as good as it could be, serving a bunch of drunk people. The food tasted pretty good from what I could remember, haha. I do not plan on coming back again.
2	Kinda overpriced and the food is very average. The orange was really good, it tasted like fresh squeeze.
1	As a long time Aria loyalist I am very saddened to leave this review. I am also a gold M Life member so if you are reading this management listen up. I had been coming to Cafe Vetro since the open in 2009. I loved it for late night snacks or when I was just feeling lazy and wanted to stay in my own hotel to eat something simple. I just came back from my trip to Vegas and was not pleased by the changes that had been made to Cafe Vetro. First of all WHY would you change the name it was a landmark. Secondly the pricing has become OUTRAGEOUS. I paid $7.50 for one glass of orange juice with 0 refills. I could not believe this. For a cup of black coffee $5.00. For a sandwich with fries $18.00. If this was an upscale restaurant I would be okay with these prices but lets face it this is robbery. Aria please lower the prices at Aria Cafe or you will not only lose me as a customer but every other sane person that might ever go back.
4	The food here is not bad and price is reasonable for Vegas standard. Especially if you're not a buffet person, and don't have the budget for fancy restaurants, this is the place to go. The modern interior design and view is pretty nice also, but try to avoid coming here during afternoon. The reflection of the sunlight from the hotel glass can be very annoying.
3	This place is just okay.Good: 1.convenient if you're staying at the Aria.           2. Food is ok.Bad: 1. Long wait to get a table.         2. Long wait to just get water.         3. Long wait to get food.         4. Expensive for what you get (hash browns that were room temp..probably made a bunch ahead..., meh coffee, just unimpressive all around).I would go here if I were staying at Aria again & didn't want to leave hotel to eat.. Last resort.
3	1 out of our group of 6 would order their food again. The food is okay/adequate. I would not come back to the restaurant unless I was extremely hungry. We were split on 2 stars or 3 stars. Cool decor. We waited for everything just a bit longer than you should have...
2	Beutifull modern decor  with ok food . However they are always understaffed and very slow to serve you, the management are not very helpful and will not do anything to meet or attend any of your needs.  If it is the last place to get a bite to eat., this the place.   In summary an expensive cafeteria !
4	I went here a number of times and even got take out.It isn't the best dining experience as you're sure to be blinded by the Vdara death ray depending on the time of day you visit.  Plus the music they play is rather loud so if you'd like to chat with your party or use your phone, you're going to be out of luck.They like to personalize service and ask for your name when they seat you.  While a nice touch, it was awkward a number of times as the server tried to pronounce my name.They make a killer Asian Chicken Salad and will create it to your liking---I don't need a thousand rice noodles.  And the dressing is killer!
1	Terrible experience. Ordered congee, cuz I saw the table next to me having it, but later the waitress told me that there was no more congee. Waited more than 30 minutes for the food to come. It was 9 in the morning...not a lot people...
2	This place is just okay. Its convenient if you are staying at the hotel but the menu is not that interesting - I came in for a late breakfast (hello its Vegas) and they only had a few options on the brunch menu when really they should be serving breakfast ALL day. I got some very simple scramble which was meh and my mom got chicken and waffles and the chicken seemed like it was laying out for a while. If you are staying at the hotel - don't be lazy walk somewhere else cause this place is just pricey and not worth it. Maybe lunch here is better? oh and the good? the restaurant is gorgeous and Angel are server...well he was very kind and easy on the eyes ;)
1	So I'm waiting in line to order take out and watch the 2nd round of the NFL playoffs, and the hostess informs me I have to be seated to order take out. Really? Fail!I'd like to give no stars if yelp allowed!
3	After our 10 hour drive including traffic from the bay area we were exhausted and need some fuel. After checking in at 2am and throwing our bags in the room we came downstairs to eat. Hair up and sweatpants on I didn't think this "cafe" to be so nice. In my head cafe's are usually small and have a small selection of food with lots of coffees. However this place was huge and had more alcohol then coffee (well it is Vegas, right?!)I felt completely under-dressed. And the hostess kind of made me feel even worse with that "you coming in here wearing that" stare. But It was all good when our waitress came out. I believe her name was Victoria or Veronica (Again tired, 2am.. I cant really remember) and she had a Southern accent. Anyways she was full of energy and really pumped us up. Menu was kind of random. It had breakfast, Asian, sandwiches, and comfort foods. We ordered calamari which was good. My husband had steak and eggs which he though was decent. I just ordered mashed potatoes.. I couldn't pick anything out that I really wanted from the menu. The mashed potatoes were $7 and weren't that great.But if your staying at the hotel and need some food late at night this is one of the few places to choose from. Not the best but will do. Plus its slightly cheaper then room service.
3	This was our last stop on our way out from Vegas & I was disappointed.  I wish my last meal, even if it was lunch, had been more appealing.  The place itself is nice but the food was bland.  Our waitress was very nice so at least we had good service.  I probably wouldn't go again.
3	Food decent, service lacks. They need to buy our waiter Powers a personality. I will give another.
2	Not impressed.  If it had not been for friends staying at the Aria as a local I probably would have never experienced this breakfast.   I ordered the Seaside Benedict.   That wasn't too bad.  I enjoyed the crab cake twist on a classic but for $20 the hash browns that accompanied the meal were as hard as hockey pucks.  To top it off service was lacking.  I ordered an ice tea when we first sat down and everyone received their drink but me so I flagged down a passing waitress and requested my drink again.  And then about 20 minutes after that our main waitress bought out my drink order not realizing I had already requested another one and received it.    What I did like about this place is the atmosphere.  To me it had a futuristic kind of feel like where I might imagine the Jetsons would land for Sunday brunch.   I don't think I will be returning here unless it's not of my choice because the meal and experience I received shouldn't have cost more then $10-12.
4	Had only 30mins to eat and the came through with great fresh food.We told our server about our time issues and he was a rock star. He helped us order smartly and everything tasted great. The best part was the food and check came together to speed us up and we were in and out of there in 24mins.
1	The only thing that stunk about my Aria stay. Ugh! I ordered the eggs and corned beef, I don't remember how much that costs, but it was expensive. That's okay though, I was in heaven, I had a great night sleep, I was looking forward to my day.Then the dish came out and I was kind of in shock. In shock that the waiter bothered to bring this to my table. What I ordered were eggs, sunny. What I got was sunny eggs that were so dried out that they looked like the dishes they display in diner windows sometimes. I picked up the white-ish brown edge and held it in front of my face. "does this look good to you?" The yellow parts of the egg hadn't even budged. They were rubbery and not in the least bit appealing. I tried to corned beef for sh*ts and giggles. Nope. Disgusting.Yes, they took my meal off the bill, but the point is, why serve stuff that isn't good? How hard is it to make fresh eggs for me?
3	Ate here while I stayed at the aria hotel for a convention. Ling was too long for breakfast so we opted for room service instead. Came back later for a lunch meeting. Service was decent, food was good. Nice ambiance.
4	Fantastic breakfast!  I don't understand the bad reviews.  We had no wait and timely service.  The atmosphere was fantastic.  I absolutely suggest it for breakfast.  It's expensive, but so are any of the other choices.
5	Sorry to see all the bad reviews. We hadn't planned to eat here but found ourselves hungry after wandering into the ARIA from walking the strip. Checked out the menu, said why not? And were very glad. This place is far too beautiful to be a cafe. We could not get over the fancy look of the place. The service was very friendly. We like to be greeted nicely and thanked afterward when we decide to spend our money somewhere, we feel as if we are valued customers. The food was excellent! We had a hard time deciding, but chose a club sandwich and the fish and chips. Both portions were huge and delicious. Sodas were refilled quickly. We rolled out of there very happy and ready to resume walking off calories on the Strip!
2	Food was pretty good. Nothing too unique or memorable besides the decor, and the 60s music absolutely killed the mood. They need to keep with the theme and have instrumental chill music. Ciabatta chicken sandwich was ok. Bread lacked the traditional ciabatta flavor. Sweet potato fries were a bit soggy. Hummus was pretty good, though the pita tasted a bit raw?
3	Nothing really noteworthy about this place.  Nothing really bad either.  Service was friendly and fast.  Food selection was typical of a cafe.  Given other great choices in the Aria, there are better places.  However, if you want cheap and reliable, then this is the place to go.
1	It's Denny's quality here. You can get a bang for your buck at a cheap diner. Very disappointing. Service takes forever. The Bloody Mary was the same as - as if you're at the tables, gambling. I asked for steak (medium rare) and eggs and ended up getting a well done steak that tasted like thawed cooked meat. You're just paying to sit at a nice area, that's pretty much it.
3	I know why Aria Cafe doesnt have the best reviews. The service is slow, there is always a line all the way to the slot machines, etc. This is all true. We go to Vegas...a lot, and when we do, we stay at the Aria more often than not. We have breakfast at the Aria Cafe every morning that we are there. We have definitely run into a few bad experiences, but for the most part we have had great experiences as well, which is why I am giving it 3 stars. Since we go so often, we actually have a waitress that we request everytime. Her name is Beth and she is great. We HATE going to the cafe if she isn't there. Even if we stay at other hotels in Vegas, we always like to make the trip to Aria Cafe to see Beth! She is the only 5-star rating I would give! She is so personable and remembers us each time! It is always a pleasure to see her. The food is really good too. I can honestly say I have no issues with it. We generally only eat breakfast there...their sausages are so freaking good!!  There have been a few bad encounters though. One time, we couldn't get seated (at 6:00am) because the nightclub people were priority?! Ridiculous. One time we were seated and forgotten completely for about 20 minutes. This was pre-Beth days. And then the waitress got mad at us for being upset that WE waited for 20 minutes!! It was so unreal. Again, we love the waitress and the food. The place has its ups and downs, so I am giving it a 3 :)
1	Like a lot of the other yelpers we experienced horrible service. Food was ok, expensive but that's expected... It's vegas and it's the aria. The service though, unreal. I can appreciate snobbery in waitstaff and I expect it at certain levels of dining. However: If the majority of your patrons are drunk and are ordering chicken quesadillas or wings you're probably not working in a five-star, black-tie establishment and you should really adjust your attitude. While I have said that I appreciate snobbery in the staff of such elevated establishments I still never accept rudeness and have hardly ever been confronted with the type of situation I found myself in at the aria cafe.  It would've almost been laughable if it hadn't have been so unbelievable. I still can't believe that some waiters are so dumb as to not realize that the people you're waiting on are going to determine your tip. I don't know, maybe the servers at the aria cafe work on salary, that would be the only reasonable explanation for this man's manner.  I expect better service at a resort like aria. Was really disappointed.
2	If you are old enough to remember Checkpoint Charley, the Eastern Bloc and Willy Brandt you will be familiar with the look and feel of the Aria Cafe. The starkness and monochromatic palette of the place made me feel that I was eating my Chinese Chicken Salad (or other communist approved food) in an East German government building during the early days of the cold war. There is very little decoration, color or even signs that the space was meant to be inhabited by actual human beings.With no sound-absorbing surfaces (a pet peeve of mine) the place had a hollow, utilitarian feel and was amazingly loud and reverberant for such an open space.I will say the dour, mechanistic look is a pallet cleansing contrast to the life, energy and mayhem of the strip outside but perhaps just a hint of color...or warmth...or humanity would be welcome.On the bright side (and most things will seem bright next to the Schutzwall grey-green used here) the food was very good and the service was provided, not as you might expect by burly East German waitresses but by warm friendly folks who seemed to enjoy their jobs. (Unlike some reviewers I had no issue with service but I was not in any hurry)All in all I'm not sure whether to recommend the restaurant; As an historical experience it really brought the past to life, (I could almost hear the sound of clacsons in the distance) as a dining experience... when you come to Vegas you can certainly do better.
3	Great service. The omelettes were good but not great. The potato cakes (aka hash browns) were unique and good. Overpriced even for breakfast in Vegas.
1	Wow.... Really?!?  Expected so much more from this place just because it was in the Aria.This is Vegas and there's tons of places to choose from so why not step your game up. Service was horrible from beginning to end. We were sat down promptly, but took forever for our server to take our orders and for the food to arrive. It also took forever for the check to come to. Steak was overlooked and eggs were bland. I'll skip this place the next time I'll be in town.
4	This restaurant is a nice break from many dining experiences you can have in Vegas - it's a great place to grab brunch or lunch and enjoy the sunshine for a change!  We had a late lunch here on a Saturday afternoon, and were happily greeted by the host at the front, and then delighted with our server Johnathon, who made our dining experience very pleasant.   My husband had breakfast for lunch, dining on a traditional breakfast plate that he said was both delicious and filling.  I had a Greek salad and cup of chicken noodle soup, and was more than surprised with the flavor of the soup that had huge chunks of vegetables in it and a very tasty broth that I wish there would have been more of.  The Greek salad was huge, but the crisp lettuce was fresh and balanced perfectly with roasted red peppers, olives, and dolmas.   This is an easy spot for a relaxing meal in between heaters at the craps table (!!!), so definitely check it out and ask for Johnathon and a white peach bellini!  Cheers!!!
2	Had breakfast here. Cappuccino was terrible: it tasted like it had about half a shot of espresso and I felt like I was drinking hot milk. Breakfast was ok. You can't really go too wrong with eggs, hash brown, and toast. The over easy eggs were a bit too runny (the whites were still liquidy, not just the yolks), the hash browns were the thickest I've ever had (about 1") and we're thus overall kind of mushy.In terms of price, it cost a little less than I thought a place at a hotel like Aria would charge.
3	They were obviously short staffed ... Long line to get seated when they were lots of tables ready, then super slow service.  Outstanding food.
1	Stay away.  if you are reading this as you wait to be seating, lower your head and walk away trying to be discreet.  If you are reading this as you just sat down, get up and RUN!!!!  Now, I try not to openly bash food on here too often, because people have different tastes, and expectations and whatever.  There are exceptions.  Welcome to the exception.  Context:  3 people                 $60.00                 3 breakfasts and 2 coffeesI understand, Las Vegas food can be pricey.  It is a new bougie casino, and a bougie cafe.  That price is totally reasonable.  Until you bring out McDonald's style hash brown patties with my omelette.  An omelette which has velveeta or kraft singles on it.  AND IN IT.  When a Denver Omelette costs me $17.00 dollars, you can afford to put some REAL FREAKING CHEESE ON IT.  Or you can hold the cheese. I don't care, but I didn't eat that shit when I was 7, and I am sure as hell not eating it now.  And you can make some real potatoes, or at least edible potatoes.  As a server, when two out of the three people have not taken more than 2 bites each, and are NOT looking hung over, you should ask if the food was ok, or if there was something wrong.  We didn't eat, paid, and then proceeded to warn anyone walking in.  The only decent meal that came was fruit and yogurt, which does not say a whole lot.  Seriously, if ARIA Cafe management reads this, buy some damn cheese and potatoes.  Hire someone who makes an edible menu.  Stop being terrible, or at least charge the normal amount for fake cheese and shit potatoes, which according to my last stop at McDonald's, should cost about $5.00 for breakfast.
3	It's a 24 hour location that has a clean, nice look to it. The server (at least the one I got) seemed very distant and aloof, but she stayed professional and got things done. I came here just by myself for a late lunch (work stuff on a weekday), and just ordered a simple Asian chicken salad. The dressing (thank god I got it on the side) was atrocious, so I set it aside, along with the bajillion won ton/noodle strips. The chicken itself was okay, though a bit on the drier side...kinda like my server. Overall, it was an "OKAY" meal, and I probably wouldn't come here unless it was convenient to. Not horrendous, but I'd say not quite worth the price.
2	Not very tasty, but if you're gonna get something get the albacore tuna melt sandwich & the tomato basil soup. Everything else was sucky such as the ribeye, salmon, veggies, and even the fries. How can you mess up french fries? Boo.
2	We arrived around 0600 for breakfast and were prompted seated.  It then took 45 minutes to get a bowl of oatmeal and an order of classic eggs benedict.  We ordered a basket of pastries which strangely enough arrived fairly quickly along with the coffee, but it took so long to get our actual order, that we were basically uninterested when the food finally showed up.  The eggs were cooked too long so the yolks were not runny like they should be.  Maybe they are better at lunch and dinner, but I can't recommend them for breakfast.
1	I had the red velvet pancakes and it wasn't bad in quality but extremely overpriced. What is it, dipped in gold cream cheese?
3	Dined for breakfast on 5-7-2014. Perfectly cooked food. Horrible service. Server didn't bring refills and didn't check back after food delivered. We had to ask another server twice for refill and coffee. I had egg white omelet with brown rice. The food's seasoning and preparation 5 stars but the price and lousy service 1 star so score is average of the two. I'm from Chicago so used to high food prices but breakfast for 85.00 without tip? WTF! Yelp indicates $$ but should be $$$$ only because it's breakfast people not a steakhouse! Second time ate at Vdara cafe and 20.00 bagel at Aria was 6.75, which is steal for Vegas.
5	We stopped in for a late night snack and cocktail. First impression was the restaurant is beautiful!! Best part was the excellent service provided by Veronica. She was so pleasant and attentive with a smile on her face at 2am. We had the chicken strips which were tasty and the lemon drop cocktail. To top it off we had creme brule for dessert which was yummy!
3	Went here for a late night grub. Had the the meat pizza the first time which wasn't bad but nothing special. Good size for 2 people. Second time I had the New York steak sandwich which comes w a salad. Prob the best thing on the menu for the price. Overall, enough options for a group and decent food but def not worth the price.
2	The food at Aria Cafe was actually better than I had anticipated but my first impression before sitting down at the table was that this restaurant does not pay attention to details. The table that I was brought too had crumbs all over the booth and when I told the hostess she brought over a man who knocked them onto the floor. This completely defeats the purpose of cleaning up the crumbs because my feet are now sitting in the crumbs. After telling him this, another man comes over about 10 minutes later to sweep under the table. I ordered the BBQ chicken which came on a bed of succotash. The chicken was juicy; BBQ sauce average; buttery succotash tasty. I will not be back because the food is super average and over priced.
4	Pancakes Are fluffy, golden brown, and delicious. The wait was a bit long but overall i can't complain it took care of my pancake craving which was bothering me for 6 months now. Got mine with a side of turkey bacon so mission accomplished. Craving gone.Price was a bit high but what do you expect its vegas. As long as i don't have to use a black card to buy breakfast it's all good to me
1	The one star is for the waitress who was very attentive.  I came here since I was staying at the Aria, it was the only breakfast restaurant in the hotel and I had a food voucher to spend. I ordered an omelette with spinach, cheddar cheese and tomatoes, orange juice and a hot tea.  $16.50 for the omelette, $7 OJ, $4.50 tea. Things that went wrong:- Food took a long time to come out even though they were not super busy-Food came out WRONG.  My omelette had bacon and American cheese.  I told the waitress and she did offer to change it but it took so long the first time I didn't want to wait again.-Food came out coldThings that went right:Waitress was friendly and attentive.If you look at what most yelpers like about in most of the reviews it's NOT about how good the food is. I wouldn't eat here again.  It wasn't even worth the voucher money I spent on it.
1	Absolutely horrible service. The waitresses need to brush up on their knowledge of drinks (you work in LAS VEGAS for God's sake) and work on their people skills. Rolling your eyes and attitude will get you no where in life.
2	PAINFULLY SLOWStopped by for breakfast at 10:15AM. The line to be seated was long and slow and there were plenty of open seats. After being seated it took way too long to take my order for coffee and the follow-up to take the meal order dragged on. I was 2/3 through my meal when the waitress checked in on me. I asked for more coffee. 10 minutes later I had to ask again. She delivered the check without me asking... THEN a server arrived to pour a refill of coffee... I signed the check... THEN another server delivered a near empty carafe of coffee. Las Vegas is a town that knows how to pump plane loads of people in and out of every venue. Aria Cafe is run like a restaurant that just opened and is working out the kinks vs. an establishment that has been open for several years. While it is easy to point to the staff as inattentive my sense is all of this is due to poor front of the house management. Lost in the ridiculously slow service was the smoked salmon platter I ordered-- spot on!
5	Had a wonderful experience here at the cafe!Got seated promptly (even though I needed my breakfast to go, I needed to be seated). Loved the huge glass window views!The entire server staff were attentive to detail and it wasn't because of anyone's attention. Since I was there alone and solely to get a take out order I had time on my hands to observe. The woman to my left (who was dressed in a gray suit and therefore might have been a supervisor/mgr.) used a chammy to wipe silverware one piece at a time before storing into the drawers. The gentleman to my right brushed off the smallest crumb off of a nearby chair that was tucked under a table. Then my waiter, Tsvetelin was top drawer! He took my order rapidly, and promised that I would get my food in 5 - 10 minutes and it was ready in 7!When I got back up to our room (51st floor on the other side of the hotel) the Irish Steel Cut Oatmeal was perfect. The Turkey Bacon and the Pork Sausage was delicious. The Hash Browns were outstanding!! Very reasonable prices.Would return as well as highly recommend as an ideal alternative to a buffet.
4	I typically get the tuna melt when I eat here and it is always fantastic.  I would highly recommend it.  I've had the calamari which I would not recommend. Their French fries are good but they don't have honey mustard which is a downfall.  Also, when they have good coffee it's fantastic but I have had it burnt before.  There isn't much consistency at this restaurant but when it is good it's excellent!
1	I went here when I first landed and wanted to gab a quick breakfast by myself. I ordered OJ, the 3 eggs with sausage and toast which was $25. Never saw my server again until it was time to pay which was an issue considering they brought me dry toast with no jam or butter. I mean its one thing if I order the toast dry but for $25 you better have a huge selection of jams for me to choose from, I decided not to eat my toasted bread. I waited 20 mins for them to run my Credit Card and only when the server was dropping it off did he pretend to be interested in where I flew in from and why I was in Vegas obviously trying to get a better tip. I overheard a group talking about going in as I was leaving and told them how underwhelming the experience was and I saw them walk to another place. Wish someone would have done the same for me.
1	GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!  For the price you pay to eat here, you would expect to have excellent service...think again! Service was extremely poor!  They have the most screwed up setup with service. You have a drink server, order server, food runner... Why not at a condiment runner to that?? Such a stupid way to set up service. The drink runner didn't smile. Spilled latte and forgot to bring another OJ.  The server didn't thank us for eating there, just laid down the check and walked away. Then when I questioned who he was and who the other lady was who took out drink order... He said ... She serves the drinks ... I take the order ... Don't be surprised if you see a third person.  What kind of response is that? Rude rude rude!!!! The only good thing about this place ... The food is cooked very well and flavorful.   It's too bad the service can't compliment the food.  Rude people! You better believe we did NOT leave a tip because of the 3 servers... Not one of them were pleasant!
3	Same menu as the room service menu. It's alright for a menu that's open really late or should I say early... Because it's 4:30am. Good place to grub when you're staying here.
2	A disappointing visit.  We went to the Aria Cafe looking for something light so ordered a Cesar salad.  The lettuce was wilted and drowned in dressing, which I like a lot of dressing so this is saying a lot.  Normally, I would not complain but if you pay $13 for a normal salad it should not be this way.  My wife did order the $19 club sandwich and it was good but the fries were cold.  Our waiter disappeared for awhile so had to ask someone else for ketchup.  So two stars for bad salad, cold fries and having a magical disappearing waiter.
3	Aria Cafe is the "new" and improved Cafe Vettro.  I really have no idea why they changed the name of this place when everything about this place is exactly the same.  Whatever.Aria Cafe is a 24-hour eatery with your standard eats.  I would only come here for late-night eats!  There's not too many late-night or 24-hour eateries on The Strip.  The food here is on the pricier side.  I had a watermelon juice with my lox and bagel and it fetched me a pretty pricey bill considering nothing I ate had to actually be cooked or warmed.  Regardless, the convenience of having a 24-hour restaurant does work out nicely when you're drunk or tired from clubbing and just need some food to soak up the booze.  Wish the wait staff had more personality but hey, I'd probably be sick and tired of drunks and tourists too!
1	My husband and I came here for an early dinner. Service very slow and the wait staff walk around like zombies. Food just ok and overpriced. I would not recommend this place.
4	Considering this place is 24/7... Id give it 4 stars. It was so good! We'll at the time it was. Came here after a night of clubbing and got the nacho, chips and spinach dip, and chicken tenders. Pretty basic stuff but it totally hit the spot. It was freshly made, nicely prepared, and just a great spot to end the night! Id come back!
5	Aria Cafe was perfect!!It's open 24hours!!!!Everything we purchased was good.Chicken StripsWingsQuesadillaBBQ pizza= thebomb.comNachos We ended up coming back here two more times because it was so good.The weather in Vegas was 114. Who wants to walk around in that type of heat trying to find somewhere to eat. NOT I The wait time at all the local restaurants are at least 30-70mins. With Aria Cafe the longest we waited was 15 mins. Soooo I was a happy camper :)
3	The food was pretty good. We came here for breakfast and the egg white scramble was good the pastry basket was excellent. Service was a little different but not bad. The Bellini(s) were 12 bucks each and came in a small champagne flute glass. Do stick with some sort of alcohol option if you choose as that was way to much for what you get. I would probably come back for breakfast
3	Wasn't too bad. Ordered the crab benedict. Everything else was mediocre. Not much more to say than that. My family and friends ordered a variety of plates but no one really raved about anything.
2	Not worth the trip to the AriaI like to eat whenever I am hungry - which is about every 4 hours around the clock. Thus I end up eating at places like this at 2:30 in the morning. The Yelp description boasts this is the largest 24/7 cafe in Las Vegas. It seems like more than half of the place is unused while they make hungry patrons wait in line to be seated. We got to skip part of the line with our M life card which was cool. They offer only a limited late night menu. We had a standard patty melt and club sandwich. It was good/edible but not worth coming all the way to Aria for. I saw another table enjoying the calamari which looked delicious. The patrons ranged from families with kids enjoying a late night bite to partiers looking to sober up. Go to Grand Luxe Cafe at the Venetian instead. Even with the cab ride over there it will be more affordable and much much tastier with more variety.
1	If you want to cold breakfast then you may want to stay home and eat cereal. Absolutely horrible service and the manager  Gerti Gjika is unapologetic when asked why the eggs/pancakes/French toast is served cold.
1	Horrible service. Slow, slow, slow. Ordered white toast, got something that looked like marble rye.  Ordered fruit, received hash browns. Ordered coke, received diet...at the very end of the meal when I only had a few bites left. Food was cold and tasteless. Wait staff was horrible.
1	After waiting 20 min in line for a table at breakfast waited another 45 min for food and then they left out part of the Oder and had to wait for condiments. In short place is terribly run.
1	This place sucks. Food overpriced and very bland. Better off just grabbing a muffin at Starbucks just up the escalator. Save your money for the drinks by the pool.
1	Aria is not a bad hotel.but This place is over priced for their crap food. Fire the chef. $24 for bad steak and eggs?!
4	We went here for breakfast, the line was long but moved quickly. The restaurant itself is very spacious, I had the chicken and waffle which was very delicious. My friend liked the shrimp scampi as well. I would go back here again for their chicken and waffle. The reason it has four stars is because the staff wasn't friendly with no personality.
4	On our trip to Las Vegas we would eat here everyday! The food is delicious. The workers seat you right away. I would have given this five stars but the service and waiting time is very long. We were waiting for around fifteen minutes just for the drinks.
5	Despite being difficult to find due to poor signage in the casino, we loved this place for breakfast. The Deuce breakfast is ample for anyone and will certainly tide you over until dinner time. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking a decent, reasonably priced breakfast.
3	No matter what time you get here, service is always going to be a bit slow. When its really late and practically nobody here, that means they have less staff as well. I was here for nearly an hour because only two waitresses seemed to be serving the entire place. The steak sandwich I had was just ok. The huge pile of nachos the guy at the other table next to me looked a lot better.The next morning when I came back for breakfast there were a lot more waiters/waitresses but of course because it was busier they still didn't stop by my table that often. I had the seafood eggs benedict and they were pretty good.
2	I was so hungry and came down from my room and pick the aria cafe ... I told the host that I just wanted to order something to go, but apparently u have to be seated down and wait for the waiter to tell him that I wanted to go(wtf?) I sit there waiting for the server to order food. It took forever T.T ( about 10 minutes later) someone asked what we gonna order with a poker face...I told them I was ready to order everything to go but he said he can only take the drink order, so I ordered a Fiji bottled water and he just left, I had to wait 15 additional minutes just to flag down a waiter after being constantly ignored by whoever saw me (bus person?), when they finally flagged down someone to take my good order, it was the same guy who took my drink n said he didn't take food orders. What? The whole process took more than 50 mins, the food was just mediocre but the price was on the upper side, now I would imagine a place with this price point in this fancy hotel would have a decent serviceBottom line, If u just came back to the hotel after clubbing with a group of friends and didn't mind waiting for food while u sober up/ or kept drinking, this place is okayBut if u want a quick meal, I would suggest room service instead!^.^
5	Had breakfast three times during my stay and all 3 x were great! Their vegetable scramble was yummy and their Greek yogurt parfait was delish. FANTASTIC service too!!!
1	my huevos rancheros had unripe avocados. I would have tried to complain to the wait staff if they ever fucking came around to check on us at least once during our meal, but they were no where to be found. UNRIPE AVOCADOS, HOW?! HOW COULD YOU DO THAT?!?overpriced, extremely understaffed, mediocre food. The buffet upstairs will cost you about the same amount, but the food is actually better and so is the service. I got better drinks service at a buffet than at a sit down restaurant...sigh. Summary: ridiculously overpriced, absolutely garbage food quality, service is even worse and slloooowwwww. Go to the buffet upstairs for the same money, but better food and better service.
1	Wow.   The service and food here can be pretty bad.  It is cool that they are open 24 hours, but honestly, they are worse run than your local Denny's.  I sat down to find a seat completely full of champagne.  And they didn't even really apologize.  Just oops, lets all help clean it up.  Not that I mind because everyone makes mistakes, but she really did not even care that my jeans were wet.  The food is just bad here as well.  There isn't much to say about it.   It's just bad.Don't come here to eat.  Just to sober up.  But you might do better throwing your money at some cheap slot machines.
5	Very good breakfast here. Had amazing food, perfectly cooked & seasoned. I would go back if I stayed on the strip again.
5	Awesome spot to go to for a sit down breakfast that isn't a buffet! Try the hashbrowns- you won't be disappointed, more like hashbrown patties. Nice bright atmosphere; fast service and friendly waitstaff.
2	I rolled into the Aria cafe at 8:45 pm after seeing Zarkana. Now, first of all, 8:45 is not that late, especially for Vegas, and the fact that Zarkana just ended they should expected a bit of a rush. Apparently they didn't.When I walked up to the first of two hostesses (seriously, two hostesses) and asked for a table she told me it would be a 5 minute wait. There was seriously nothing but open tables as far as the eye could see. I pointed out to the hostess that there were empty tables everywhere and she said they only had two servers working. So they literally had the same number of hostesses as servers?!?! Are you kidding me. And only 2 servers, for not that late and when the show is letting out? The manager who scheduled that should immediately be fired.Once I finally got sat things got better, but only for a moment. They did acknowledge me immediately, as well as take my food and drink orders very quickly. I was in a breakfasty mood and opted for an omelet. The omelet itself was quite tasty but the hashbrowns that accompanied the omelet were horrible. The hashbrowns came in these round circles. I've seen this before in other wannabe high end restaurants. They always suck. The people at the table next to me also ordered breakfast and lady looked at her hashbrowns and said "what the hell is this?" She was equally unenthused by how they tasted.I also got toast with the omelet. They serve the toast to you dry and allow you to butter it yourself. That's great in theory, but here's the problem...butter only melts on the toast when the toast is hot. By the time the toast makes it to your table it is not hot enough to melt the butter. I would much rather they butter it when the toast is still hot and the butter can melt. Even after I buttered the toast, it still tasted dry because the butter couldn't melt into the toast.The service continued to go downhill at this point. Due to the dry toast I drank my soda pretty fast and waited for a refill. And waited, and waited, and waited. It didn't actually get refilled until AFTER I finished my meal and they dropped off the check. Argh!Additionally, another customer ordered the fish and chips (which I will say looked amazing and had me wishing I had ordered that instead) and asked for malt vinegar to put on the fish. That is a pretty standard request for fish and chips, but the server had absolutely no idea what the customer was asking for. Seriously?Honestly, I expected more from a restaurant in a 5-star resort.Now, I will say, my omelet was good but nothing special, the fish and chips looked amazing and the entire space for the cafe was very nice. There is a solid base here and maybe with some better management and a couple of tweaks to the food this can be a solid restaurant, but for now it is just a huge disappointment.
3	The food was tasty but the service was incredibly slow.  I mean like realllllly slow.  Think of the slowest service you've ever had and then double it slllloooooooooow. Anyway, aside from that, it was a lovely view and the food was good.  I am glad we had no place to be otherwise we would have been beyond late and very stressed.  My tip, go - but just don't go if you have a schedule.
5	Have eaten several meals here in the last 3 years. All have been great, fresh and tasted amazing. Never had a single issue w service, food prep or anything else.I would highly recommend this place to everyone.
1	I had the fried rice with chicken...dried-out chicken for $18!  If it was flavorful, that would have been ok, but it was pretty bad.  My recommendation is not to eat here.Update:  the company I was with decided to have breakfast here again.  Service is very slow, just getting waters took over fifteen minutes and three requests.  My eggs Benedict went missing because apparently it came out, but no server picked it up, so the chef tool it back and had to re-make it.  Meanwhile, everyone else was finishing up their meal.  Just a fair warning.  They also brought me someone else's check - remember to look at your check!
3	$60 breakfast for two- without drinks? Ouch! We just arrived and our room at Vdara wasn't ready yet so we hoped over to the Aria for a bite, enter the conveniently-located Aria cafe. Service was very nice but slow. We had some sticker shock on the prices for a restaurant with the word "cafe" in the title. Luckily we could still order breakfast off the lunch menu. I had the veg egg white omelette with asparagus and asked to omit the toast since they didn't have a gluten free option. Our server offered turkey bacon as a replacement, so I thought- turned out that was a $6 add on to my $24 omelette! I can only hope with high prices like this, the chickens are enjoying massages between laying these golden eggs because - wow- these are just eggs, right? At least the food was very good. I won't be back - not with the price, hence 3 stars.
2	Aria Cafe is nice, open and spacious.  We got food credit from our package deal, therefore, we tried to spend it on our breakfast. It's was quite disappointed for 5-star hotel food quality and services!The hostess was sweet and cute but the service was incredibly slow!  We got seated right the way but we had to wait for our server came over to take order and coffee almost 10 mins later.  Then our food came almost 20 mins after!  Our breakfast dishes just looked like buffet quality!Corn beef was so dry and salty! The egg white mushroom and spinch was so watery!Lucky that we got the credit for this crappy breakfast. Otherwise, it definitely not worth to dine in here.
1	Had very high expectations for this place.The first thing that should've hinted us to leave was when they brought chunky cream for our coffee. The waitress was nice enough to have brought us a chunky-free creamer. The peach bellini was not so great, my eggs benedict were overly cooked. I basically had a a hard boiled egg over ham and english muffin.
3	I have eaten here dozens of times over the years, mostly after 9pm. Food has always been consistently good, and service has almost always been consistently slow.
3	Went here around 10 pm on a week night and it was not busy. Took about 15 mins to get a table and even longer to order. Service was slow but food was good. Prices are a little high but it's ARIA so that was expected. A good place to just sit and relax while you wait for your food but not a good place if you have plans and have to be somewhere.
1	I went to aria cafe, party of 8 on a Saturday night at 8:45pm. The restaurant was about 1/3 full but it still took 10 minutes for someone to come and take our drink order.We ordered cocktails and waters and the servers brought the waters out in pairs for some reason. In all, it took 30 minutes for everyone to get water. I would overlook the poor service if the food were good. Unfortunately, that is were aria cafe really fails. A few of us ordered the rotisserie herb chicken with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The chicken was very watery and runny. The quality of the ingredients used were substandard, which is disappointing for a restaurant at a very nice hotel.One friend ordered the general taos chicken, which was basically fried chicken doused in a glazed ketchup sauce. The chicken fettuccine looked straight out of a stouffers or lean cuisine box. The last friend, a self described "burger connoisseur" concluded that the burger was one of the five worst burgers of his life. He's probably had upwards of 1000 burgers across 20 states, six countries and three continents so his opinion is credible. Aria cafe is a legitimate blight on a hotel like the aria.
3	Its a cafe in Vegas strip. Expect it to be pricey. But you pay because its open late and there is food that isn't a buffet or an expensive sit down.  I had. Breakfast here with my husband. I ordered the deus wild. The portion is huge! I substitute my pancakes for the red velvet and it was worth it.  The waitress was super nice and they are a bit slow, but it is just like other cafes I've been to at other hotels.
1	I keep going here because it is an OK environment for the baby when we want to shop in Aria.  But ugh, every time the wait is soooo long, the food is never that great, it is always freezing.  Why do I keep going back?  And no buffet during the week.
2	was here at 2:30a. the place could not be brighter. it is as if they have no concept of mood. it is a really harsh and disconcerting environment at that hour. you can hear music coming from some other space, but it is clearly not intended for this one.the food and service were OK. i got breakfast food, so it is hard to mess that up. despite that, my toast was completely burnt. i definitely expect more from the main cafe at MGM Resorts' flagship property, especially at these prices.City Center cost $9.2 BILLION to build, and this is the net result? someone simply is not doing their job well at MGM. that is sad because i'm sure they make a 6-figure salary.#nopassion
3	Good food, OK service.Very roomy, bright and airy setting. Good for a nice casual lunch. For whatever reason everyone looked like they were dressed for the Jersey Shore. But whatevs, back to the food.Portions are very generous. I had the tuna melt and they used Texas toast on that thing. Tried my friend's fries and they were seasoned fine.Only real gripe is the bad service. Had to ask twice for Tabasco, which finally came halfway through my sandwich. Yeah. Fix that shite please.If service improves, place could be a decent, low-key, lunch option.
4	I read some of the prior reviews and was a bit hesitant, however decided to give it a chance since it's almost 1am and I'm starving. I ordered chicken and waffles ($20), service has been great and didn't have to wait too long. I have to say that it was the fanciest chicken and waffles I have ever ate. Waffles are Belgium style with whipped butter and pecans. The chicken appears to be nicely breaded chicken breast pieces. The only thing I could knock on the meal was that the chicken needed to have some more salt (maybe it's better for my health if they don't tho!). Bottom line: fast service/food and very tasty.
4	We ate here after our flight was delayed and we arrived at 2 a.m.. My husband and I  were starving so we figured we might as well grab a bite to eat. They were offering the late night menu which was limited but offered a lot of good options. We opted to go for the nachos with steak and chicken tenders. We got a huge portion of the nachos but we really didn't like the nacho cheese sauce that they used. The chicken tenders were cooked perfectly with the sides of ranch and barbecue sauce complimenting it well. I got the house made lemonade which was delicious. The server was attentive and refilled my lemonade quickly.  minus 1 for the nacho cheese sauce but overall a great late night meal.
4	We came here the night before last at around 2am after a night out on the strip and were so happy that there was a cafe still open! We were greeted by a very friendly face and seated at a table near the front. It was a little bright and prices were outrageous but the margarita pizza was exactly what my tummy needed. Side salad was only $2! My friend got the low mien noodles and also enjoyed them very much. Our waitress was incredible! She was very upbeat, attentive, and quick. When we were getting ready to leave she had brought over to go cups of water for us without us asking. Fantastic!
1	The food is right out horrible. The prize is too high. I had eggs over medium and they were super runny.  The hash browns were undercooked. The service is disorganized. We got asked for drinks twice within a couple minutes. Stay away from this place.
3	I had read the Yelp reviews prior to coming here and was ready to take on anything that were to come my way.  I came twice actually - both around 6am for breakfast.  This place is opened 24 hours so when you're not completely adjusted to the new time zone and would like to eat some hot breakfast (besides room service), this is really the only place available within Aria.  I had the same waitress on both days, and she was really nice and friendly given it was 6am in the morning on the weekend.  Their menu consists of the usual American breakfast items: bagels, omelettes, waffles, pancakes, toast, eggs, bacon, hash brown, etc.. Since I wanted something on the lighter side, I opted for the congee - which is jasmine rice porridge.  It came with green onions, chicken, cilantro, bell pepper, and an egg.  It took some time, but it came piping hot so I didn't mind.  It felt great inside my belly on those cold mornings :) Since congees are supposed to be quite bland, it's hard to mess that up....Since I didn't order a typical American breakfast, I can't comment on it.  However, while waiting for my food, I did look around and notice that most people never finished their plates.  Either the portion sizes are too big, or it didn't taste that great...
4	Pretty impeccable service. Consistent, too. Have eaten 5 various meals here (breakfast, lunch, late-night) over the past year and have always been happy with the food.With the exception of the stock Hash Brown patties, which are shaped like small hockey pucks and are a bit 'mushy' inside. Apparently you *can* specify that they be flattened/smashed on the grill and fried up well-done, which I will try next time.Love the Huevos Rancheros with a side of Turkey Bacon. The Huevos comes with a grilled whole Jalapeno - a delicious touch. And an entire table Thermos of coffee shows up when you order coffee.Yes, it's never a 'cheap' meal, but the idea is that you have some sort of resort credit or players comps that you want to use here. Great people watching, too - it's a wide-open, multi-level seating area that reminds me of a modern college cafeteria (a good thing).
1	I wish I could give zero star bullshit host and that is a plain turn off I have nothing good to say about that place the host nothing but rude I wonder how she even got that job to begin with p.s she was very ugly on top of it.....
4	My boyfriend and I came here for a quick bite, I only had the tomato soup, but it was delicious and my boyfriend had steak, eggs, toast and hash browns. EVERYTHING was great. Our waiter, Powers, he was a little slow and I do not really understand why, the restaurant did not look that busy and I think he only had 3 table total, including ours, who knows. Overall, I would come back here.
4	Strolling around Aria finding a quick and cheap meal isn't that easy. We stumbled upon Aria Cafe, took a look at the menu, and decided this was our best bet.Your initial thought is that it's super open and there's tons of sunlight coming in from all the windows. Love that part.The service was surprisingly a lot better than I expected. To be perfectly honest, I thought this place didn't stand a chance. I assumed it was an over-priced, eat-here-because-we-are-in Aria restaurant. We all know what happens when you assume (make an ass of you and me. Har har).Deuces Wild ($17)So much food that I'll be pretty impressed if you finished the entire meal. You get two eggs, two pancakes, two sausages, two pieces of bacon, 3 hash brown patties and 2 pieces of toast. Right??? The food was good. Nice hearty breakfast, and not ridiculously priced.Sure you can get cheaper food at Dennys or IHOP, but I enjoyed it. I'd definitely come back.
4	I'm surprised to see such a low rating on Yelp, since my experience was just fine. My mimosa was very strong, the huevos rancheros was DELICIOUS, and the service was attentive and friendly. Maybe breakfast is better than the other meals? I don't know. And it's very bright and spacious inside. I would definitely go again. Plus, you can't beat the convenience of just walking downstairs from your room to eat!
3	Service wasn't great. We asked our waiter for condiments around three times before he finally brought it out. The food was a little above average. All the portions are HUGE which is what's keeping this review more on the positive note. Breakfast sandwich was very hearty: they did not skimp on any toppings. Omelets are equally massive and hearty, and it's hard to go wrong with an omelet. Brother had the chicken and waffle which tasted pretty good! Chicken was moist and the waffle was nice and crispy. I wasn't too satisfied with the seaside Benedict. The dish was just too heavy. To start the crab cakes were salty, and the sauce didn't balance it out. Rather, it made it taste saltier. I'm also not a fan of their hash brown patties. They have a bit of flavor but meh. Being served luke warm the crispy sides gave more chew than crunch. Id come back only if I were staying in aria again. But overall it's really just okay.
3	It's expensive here. But I guess that's Vegas for you. We came here for a quick breakfast and ordered 3 eggs and mediocre bacon for $17. But the service and atmosphere is really great. It's convenient only if you're already here staying at the hotel. Otherwise it's pretty generic. Good thing we had room credit!
1	The best services !!!!!! BUT bad food. Cold no peppers feel like hospital food ....I hope one day is change !!! Because the aria hotel is good place and top hotel!!!!
4	Choose Aria Cafe for breakfast on our last day because Aria doesn't really offer much else for breakfast other than the buffet and Starbucks. We were pleasantly surprised at the quick service and quality of the food. Our server was very professional and attentive. We each got an omelette, the ham & cheese and the Ultimate Omelette, which had shrimp, goat cheese, and asparagus. Both came with two hash brown "cakes" and toast. The hash browns might be the best I've ever had! It's a little pricey, but what isn't in Vegas!?!?
1	BY FAR the worst breakfast I've ever had in Vegas!  Firstly, we waited a the hostess desk for about 5 minutes without being greeted (we were the only ones in line on Dec24th at approx 9am).  Finally, a very pregnant gal came out and seated us.  Turns out, she was also our waitress.She was very sweet, and we were very hungry.  My husband played it safe and ordered the french toast with a side of bacon, orange juice and coffee.I ordered the ultimate omelette--with shrimp, spinach and goat cheese and water.It took about 25 minutes to get our breakfast--my husband and I joked about them chasing the chickens in the back to get the eggs because it took so long for such a simple order.When the food arrived, it was as it stated, french toast with a side of bacon, no bells and whistles.  It was ok, and the bacon was not cooked all the way thru.My omelette came with hash browns that were molded into discs, almost the shape of a ramekin.  They were COLD and horribly greasy. Working in the food industry, I know that these were institutional food shapes, bought this way and simply deep fried and left to sit...mine unfortunately for waaay to long.  My omelette was ok, nothing fancy for the $18 ticket price.  Halfway through, something in the omelette smelled a little off and I couldn't figure it out.  The nausea and tummy ache the rest of the day indicated something was obviously turned or perhaps beyond date.The coffee was ok and the orange juice was not fresh, institutionalized in a box and $6 for a small glass.My beef with this whole experience is this--you're listed as a 5 star hotel, with a 5 star price, serve 5 star food!!! At least please let the food be hot when it arrives, and do your best to not make your guests ill.First time, last time, lesson learned.
2	Very moderate to poor quality of food. The salads were served cold, taken straight from the refrigerators.
2	I found it strange that rather than taking names and seating parties, for this restaurant you simply wait in line no matter how many of you there are. Thankfully despite it being a busy morning (New Year's week), we got seated rather quickly. Unfortunately we missed breakfast by a few minutes, and although they do have several breakfast items that are available all day, these are extremely pricey outside of the breakfast hours.The prices on the interactive menu outside the restaurant were wrong. I ordered the BLT, which was supposed to be $12 but actually cost $13.95? Get your act together, people. The sandwich was good but nothing special. The choices for sides are either fries (something I'm not a huge fan of) or what I like to call "mayonnaise salads" - coleslaw or potato salad. Gross.My friend ordered orange juice with her meal and they charged her $7.50 a glass! Just for juice! I don't care that it's "fresh", that's insane for a "cafe" type restaurant in Vegas.I had a Bloody Mary and it was one of the worst Bloody Marys I've ever drank. About the only saving graces for this restaurant were that the service was fine and it was one of the less expensive sit-down options for a late breakfast/early lunch at the Aria.
3	Has both breakfast and dinner here. Fair range of menu items and food is fine. Service is a little haphazard although staff are friendly. Seats over 800 but luckily for us, not busy the times we were there. The greeters are less than friendly and happy for customers to wait while they finish their conversation.
2	Had the Asian salad topped with crispy noodles. It's just ok. First few bites were decent, then I slowly began feeling sick after more. I couldn't get past the 12th bite.
