5	I wouldn't typically review a place like Starbucks and I'm a little embarrassed to admit I pay almost $7 bucks for a beverage that doesn't have booze.  However, I had the best drink here and they deserve all my stars.I get a hot, venti, chai tea latte, soy milk and 1 to 3 shots of espresso -- depending on my mood.  That's been my drink for the past 8 years and I had the best one EVER at this Starbucks recently.  It was so delish I slurped it down in under 20 minutes.
5	Melissa is a Starbucker after my own heart.  On a hellish day that required 3 espresso shots I met Melissa.  She schooled me on how to order my drink so that it would be a dollar cheaper and also told me that if I paid with a Starbucks card that I would eventually earn my way to free soy milk.  You rock sistah!
5	I normally wouldn't even think to review a Starbucks, cuz really, why? Most people have probably been to one and they don't all differ too much.I started composting, and people have told me that Starbucks gives away their coffee grounds (Barnes & Nobles doesn't - at least here they don't). I went there to ask for it and they put my name down and asked me when I could come pick it up. They said that they would start collecting it for me throughout the day when I was going to come. When I went to pick it up the other day, they really delivered! I had a ton of coffee grinds and it was perfect for the compost!All the workers that I interacted with in this specific Gilbert location has been so friendly and helpful. Even when they were busy, they would make sure that I was helped. (I felt bad since I was just coming to pick something up.)Definitely A+ for their service!
5	Friendly service here!  12 tables inside, 2 comfy leather chairs, lots of outside seating. Music wasn't too loud & general mood was mellow.  No drive thru.  Services: Lunch, Oven-warmed Food, Sirena Espresso Machine, Starbucks Card Mobile, Wireless Hotspot.I was impressed that their food case was so full on a weekday at 2:30pm (see pic): http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7ITv2jv4rB-UuQwAo2ntjw?select=sSu-8pjsWRNuhXxqu_OmdwWe had a great experience here on a road trip while we were using the Wifi before heading home to CA.
4	Great staff and of course the coffee is always the same
4	this Starbucks really care for customers service. I really hate myself for not remembering my barista name. they greet you as you walk in. if your a regular they greet not only by your name, but they know what you want already. they work on it so you can enjoy your lattes, frap, espresso, etc... right away. I love coming here at night to hang out, until their closed. if it does get hot the mist outside helps with the heat.
3	This location of Starbucks is pretty good. The reason for the three stars is because as I was coming in the door of this Starbucks yesterday I was almost taken out by the girl who was taking out the very large trash can. I offered to open the door but she didn't hear me and almost ran over my foot with the trash can. Clearly her mind was somewhere else. Bad first impression.The cashier who took my order was extremely friendly and cheerful. I ordered a caramel macchiato with extra caramel on the sides. They over did it a little bit on the extra caramel but I know that I walk a fine line whenever I order this drink with extra. Overall not bad. It's a Starbucks and I'm in this area a lot so I will be back. To the girl who was taking out the trash, just be more aware of your surroundings please.
4	I love going to this Starbucks.  It is such a pleasure to walk in and find Jessica, Becky and Josh there.  They are so efficient and pleasant.  I order a drink that is a bit tricky to understand and they get it right EVERY time!   I had to give 4 stars because I went in a couple of times and someone new made my drink.   But it will not alter my opinion.
4	Trying something new! A mocha frapp...we'll see. Great atmosphere with places inside and out to just hang.
1	The coffee is to be expected as most Starbucks are the same.  It was the service that was disappointing.  When we got to the counter the 17 year old who apparently knows everything told us there would be a 15 min wait while they brewed more coffee????  What??  I asked why 15 mins, and was advised that was how long it takes.  I got back into my car, drove to Dunkin Donuts, walked inside, ordered and received my coffee in 12 mins...  yup, it was literally quicker to drive somewhere else and get coffee.
1	I love Starbucks but this could be the slowest coffee house on the planet. 30 mins to get a coffee is unbelievable and every time we go in it seems like the staff is always not even trying to speed things up. Great coffee but horrible service at this Starbucks.
