5	Delicious food! Wonderful service! Great neighborhood restaurant!
5	My family & I have been eating @ Marco's Italian Bistro since their conception.  We have never had a bad meal there & we love the  friendly neighborhood feel & fantastic service we get everytime we go there.  My picky 8 year old daughter loves it & even drew them a picture which they still have hanging up for all to see, which excites her everytime we go there. The only problem I have when I go there is that I have such a hard time deciding which dish to get since I have so many favorites.  It would be a shame for you to miss out on their fabulous food!
3	I really want this place to do well. Every restaurant or business that has occupied its location over the past several years has gone out of business within a year or so of opening. Marcos seems to be hanging on a bit longer then most.  It is kind of like that Senfeld episode where he tried to help the Pakistani restaurant owner. The owners have also pulled up their roots from back east (Jersey I think) and put everything into this restaurant. That is another reason I want them to succeed. The fact that Marcos has been open for a couple of years is a good sign. All that said no matter how much I want the place to succeed I only think the food is so so and the service is spotty. I have been there three times. One time the waiter was a high school kid who knew nothing about the wine the other times the wait staff seemed a bit scattered. The the meals we have had were OK but not great. The portions were not impressive for the price paid. They have some early bird specials that make going worthwhile however. I plan to go back for the specials and hopefully the service and the food will improve to the point where I think it is worthwhile going back during prime time.
5	This restaurant has great food and wonderful staff! A must try!
4	just got home from a great meal.  our server was very good and our tea and water glasses were never empty..  the lasagna was a true roman style, hard boiled egg and all.   it was only half full, but in the summer that is saying a lot.  can't wait to go back.
5	This was a place we found through yelp that is within walking distance from my house, so another plus! I never would have seen this place from the street, since it's tucked in the corner of the strip mall across the street from fresh n easy. The service was exceptional and the food was delicious. Everything is organic, and it tasted really light and healthy, not too much oil used in the cooking. They were having a pre-valentine's day special where if you get a bottle of wine, you get a free appetizer, we got the fried calamari. We got the bottle suggested for my dish, which was the special of the day, linguine frutti di mare. It was sooo good, the pasta tasted freshly made, and the seafood was great (clams, mussels, calamari, and four or five really large jumbo shrimp) in a white sauce. My bf got the chicken parmigiana with a side of linguine and tomato sauce and he really like his dish too. I had a bite of his chicken, which was really moist and nicely done. I highly recommend this place for quality italian food that is reasonably priced. It's a small place, so it's kind of nice to sit next to your sweetie in a booth and share good food, wine and laughs. They were also showing the godfather on tv, so that was kinda fun too =)
5	I cannot believe I almost forgot to review this place! Thank you yelp for your lovely check-in reminders;-)I had an interesting experience here. I ordered take-out and loaded up 2 young kids to go pick it up. I ordered raviolis for the little ones and a salad for myself. Once I got home I noticed that my salad dressing was not in the bag. Really??? Grrr was all I had to say. I was not about to load up the hungry kids and drive back out for salad dressing. So I fed them and used the lovely kraft italian dressing I had in the fridge. Yum, I know. But I thought I'd give the restaurant a call and let them know of the mistake. I informed the woman who answered the phone. She said I could come back and get it and I refused. Well, not 30 seconds later Marco himself called me and offered to drive the salad dressing to me himself, personally. I know! I told him everyone makes mistakes and I understand. Of course I didn't make him drive it out to me. But what that phone call did was make me a repeat customer for life. All business owners should learn this lesson and make every customer happy! It will pay in the long run.
2	Came in after some highly touted recommendations. Stood at the front for approx. 4-5 mins before anyone acknowledged us (other than the pianist who was  a little too loud).We were seated then another 10 mins passed at which point I waved down a waiter so we didn't need to continue our wait. We promptly ordered, 2 salads, 3 entrees.Salads came out in about 10-15 mins.I started with a spinach salad (w/pecans, cranberries& feta). It was very good, even though they were out of the requested raspberry  vinaigrette  dressing...balsamic vinaigrette was used instead. Wife said Caesar salad was also good.After finishing salads, it was 10-15 mins before salad plates were cleared. Then another 15-20 beforeentrees were served.  Still no one stopped by table to check on anything.Interestingly, the tray holder was put down by our table 15 mins before the food came out.The entrees of Chicken Parmesan, Balsamic Chicken & Shrimp scampi were (finally) delivered.  My dish ( the Chx Parmesan ) was fair ( 5 on a 1-10 scale) and the pasta served on the same plate was watery and mixed w/ the chicken.Other diners with me rated the Balsamic Chicken as a 7 and the Shrimp Scampi as a 6.Meal was fair, service poor.
5	I stopped back in to Marco's Italian Bistro again recently.We were welcomed & seated immediately & the waitress was right there taking our drink orders & describing the night's specials.I was really looking forward to having another one of their incredible Veal Dishes, but after hearing the specials, I decided to try something different.I ordered up the Linguini Frutti di Mare special which is Over 1 pound of Shrimp, Mussels, Clams, & Calamari prepared in a red or a white sauce.  You can choose your spice level:  0 - 4.   I chose Red Sauce & a 2 spice level.We also ordered up the Alfredo pasta with Chicken.The meal was incredible & the spice level was perfect for us.  Two of us shared this plate as there was so much food on it.  Everything was cooked to perfection.The Waitress never let our drinks go dry which is very important to me & the service & food were just amazing.  We really enjoy the ambiance of this Restaurant and look forward to going back again soon to try more of their great menu.
4	Ive been here twice.   While the 1st time was a terrible experience I went back again seeing if the service and food had changed.  And It had.   I was happy.   The bread basket was delicious.  We ordered two of them.  haha.  And they bring out olive oil and garlic hot from a pan.  I thought it was a nice touch.   Definetely tasty.   I ordered the prosciutto and mushroom pasta with vodka sauce.  It was great.   Service has definetely gotten better as well.   They seem to have hired better help.   I hope this business does well and I will be back.
4	This is a very good place.  The tables are well spaced and it is fairly quiet.  The food is tasty and they will make things very hot if you ask for it that way.  They use a lot of garlic and that is one of my favorites. Many selections are organic and they try to use local products when available.  I am usually bored with chicken but they make several flavorful chicken dishes.  The home made pasta is super asis the Bolognese sauce.   The service is good as well.
5	The food is fresh, high quality and always delicious. Upscale atmosphere. Great place for a date or a celebration. 5/5!
3	SMall place tucked in the back of a shopping center.The people that work there are WEIRD.  The food is GREAT!
5	Great food and nice atmosphere, Quality Italian dining!
4	Best calamari in the valley! We have eaten here about 6 times...Never had a bad meal! Marinara sauce is awesome! Service is a bit quirky... But we've never waited long for anything.
2	Food is very good. The staff is family and Marco the chef. The service is poor. Marco should hire a staff that could keep guests comming back. When all the local Italian restraunts  are full we go to Marcos.  It is empty for a reason, high prices and  poorseating, service, house wine.  The  60s live  music (1 man on a ele. piano)  works only for Marco's Mom.  Sorry I will make a reservation elsewhere.
5	This family owned restaurant is awesome. They serve the olive oil for the bread sizzling, the salads are fresh and great. The pasta is out of this world. So are the meat dishes. If you like veal, theirs is the best!Note: Be careful when you get a spicy dish!!! The scale goes from 0-4, and I got a 2.5 for my seafood pasta. It was HOT and i eat hot stuff all the time. Best Pink sauce, and they will customize any dish for you. Seafood is very good.Best Italian I have had in the Northeast Valley, maybe even all of the valley.Also, please dont come here expecting fast food! The owner is in the kitchen preparing each and every dish himself. Amazing!
2	First time ordering food from Marco's. We decided to do take out to test it out. Ordered the margarita pizza and baked ziti with meat sauce.The pizza dough was soggy and was not cooked all the way through. I tasted fine, but was difficult to eat with out falling apart because you could not pick it up. This was the only pizza I've ever had that the crust and dough were not cooked enough to pickup. Of course when I make pizza at home on a pita this happens, but I paid Marco $13 for this so called pizza.The baked ziti was very soupy like in consistency. Taked fine, but didn't look very appealing to eat. The meat sauce in side looked strange as their were bits of hard cut up meat pieces that at first I couldn't figure out what it was.The problem is Marco's is that there are no less than 3 very italian restaurants within 2 miles (Vito's 3 blocks away, Nicks about 2 miles away, and Spinatos about 3 block across the street) so if you want customers to come back, the food must be better. Unfortunately, the food is much worse and is probably why when I walked in the place to pick up my takeout it was pretty emply at 7pm. If you go into any of the other places I mention at 7am, you have to wait about 10-20 to get in.Perhaps it is time to call "Restaurant Impossible" to this place out before it goes out of business. Seems like they could make it work, but Marco thinks he's a much better chef that he really is and may be the only one who loves his own cooking!Even if I had a Groupon I wouldn't come back!
5	When we first walked into Marcos I did not have high hopes.  It's hidden in the back of a strip mall,  and on a Friday night it was surprisingly empty. I decided to forge ahead and am so glad I did because the food was excellent.  Started with the fried calamari which was breaded and cooked perfectly.  Not rubbery at all. For my entree I got the baked ziti which was warm and cheesy and full of ooey gooey deliciousness. The restaurant itself may be hard to find and a little small, but the food more than makes up for it.
5	I recently moved into the area and was looking around the local shops when my boyfriend and I found this lovely little bistro. Unfortunately it was before hours. As we were reading over the menu display on the outer window we were greeted by Chef Marco who was busy receiving deliveries. He kindly gave us a take home menu and told us when his hours were. He was very kind and polite and left us with a very good impression. We left and came back the next day. I have to say I was greatly impressed. To start off with the service was exemplary! We were greeted and sat down at a booth of our choosing. The server was very knowledgeable of the menu and helped us pick out what would be an amazing meal. We ordered the Mussels and Calamari with the white sauce at a level 3 spiciness as an appetizer, the Veal Scallopini to split and for dessert the Cannoli and the Spumoni. The Appetizer was a perfect starter to whet the pallet. The Mussels were perfectly cooked as were the calamari! Soft and tender but not under cooked. The broth was a beautiful blend of wine and spiciness that got our mouths wondering what was next. We also got the bread basket as you cannot just have an appetizer with such amazing broth and nothing to soak it up with. The presentation of the bread basket was nothing short of a micro journey of the senses. We were presented with a small selection of the day's select breads and sizzling olive oil! The bring out a skillet with hot olive oil that has sliced garlic sizzling in the pan. The smells combined with the sight and sounds of the cooking garlic right before your eyes being poured into a dish for you to dip your bread in was a special treat that I have yet to see anywhere else. The Entree was served next with a bed of pasta that had the remaining sauce gracefully poured over it. The Veal Scallopini is a treat not to be missed. The veal was melt in the mouth tender that was lightly dressed with a mushroom pan gravy and garnished with succulent artichoke hearts. I might be going out on a limb but I would rate the Veal alone as a 20 out of 10. It was tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned. The pasta was cooked to perfection and a wonderful side to such a great dish.We only ordered the one entree because we HAD to save room for dessert. These would be a reason to come by themselves for an afternoon treat. I won't ruin the surprise as the experience is hard to describe. All I can say is that the cannoli and the spumoni were some of the best I've ever had (including some that I had in Italy) and that I would gladly come back just to eat those again with some coffee. Overall I had a fantastic time eating and watch the restaurant's other customers as the trickled in. Chef Marco even made time to come out and talk to us personally while we were munching on the appetizer. It was refreshing to see a business where locals frequent enough that the Chef knows their faces and names and they can talk and catch up.I will be coming back again and again to experience all that this gem of a restaurant has an offer.
5	I'm almost afraid to write this review in fear that too many people will go to this amazing restaurant. However, I am going to take one for the foodie team. This place is tucked away in a strip mall and if you don't look hard enough you'll miss it. My first trip to Marco's we were greeted and sat right away. We ordered the sizzling olive oil... it was served from a skillet table-side. GOOD GOLLY MISS MOLLY! AMAZING! Frutti de mar was next. The portion size was HUGE and the seafood was unbeatably fresh. You cannot go wrong when you have the owner in the kitchen. Other than the location, I can think of nothing but great things about this restaurant. My wife and I recently went to Italy for vacation and it turns out you don't need to travel across the world for authentic cuisine. Do your belly a favor and go to Marco. He will treat you right. Also, the prices are extremely fair so you can have a nice dinner and not break the bank.
3	The food was good but they nickel and dime you.  $2 for the bread, $1 for this $2 for that, so it adds up at the end.   The service was slow, waiter was nice but didn't come around often enough.
4	We come here often.  The place is sporatically busy then not.  I don't get it as the food is super.  The home made fettucini is wow, as it the Bolognese sauce.  Garlic shrimp over pasta, yum.  Chicken dishes are good as well.  I have sampled most of them and the chicken is moist and well prepared.  My cousin had a veal dish last night and loved it as well (veal parm).  This place needs more customers!  Try it!
5	Awesome food ! Best italian food I've ever had !! Great cook ! Staff was friendly ! The patio dining was very cozy and the bread was warm and fresh.
4	Really good place.  I liked the fact that customers can choose the level of spice. It is a small place but is really, really good.
1	Absolutely terrible experience. We sat down on a Saturday night after calling ahead to make sure there was a table for four available. The restaurant was busy, but not full. Our bottle of wine took about 7 minutes to arrive to our table. After we ordered, we waited waited and waited. 50 minutes after we ordered our food, we asked the waiter to bring our check, as we were running short on time. Our server informed us that the chef hadn't even started our food yet. He then handed us our tab for our bottle of wine and our table bread. They couldn't even comp the bread and wine? We waited for nearly one hour! As we were leaving, there were about 5 other table available in an otherwise small restaurant. There was no reason it should have taken so long. Extremely disappointed.
5	My girlfriend and I really love your restaurant that we just found. Your attention to detail, the flavors and textures you bring out are fantastic , not to mention that you have gluten free dishes as well as you cook Organically. Your a personal tour of your kitchen as we we're leaving at closing time was great! I was very impressed with the cleanliness after a long day.In regards to your response to Michael B, that further shows me how on top of everything you are in satisfing your customers. You're on it! Keep up the great work...
5	Great service and fantastic food! The meals are always wonderful. The staff is extremely friendly. I'm from New York and I'm very picky about my Italian food, this is one of the best!
5	Marco is an amazing chef, everything is from scratch, and the white table clothes and small but quaint atmosphere is very nice. The seafood risotto was melting in my mouth! My mother and I love to go to Marco's!
5	This is our favorite Italian restaurant in the area! We've been to all the others, Vito's, Nicks, and this is hands down the best!! Chef Marco and his staff are not only friendly but very efficient! Now to go onto the food! The portions are extremely generous! If you have ever been to Italy, you know that meat is never served with pasta noodles on the same dish. It's almost sacreligious! Chef Marco knows what he is doing. Ever feel like you never get enough sauce... Not here... Each dish is served with the sauce and an extra carafe of sauce on the side! He makes his own fettuccine noodles as well!! We've tried just about everything and have never been disappointed! Def try the chicken balsamic for something out of this world for mushroom lovers! A lot of thought and love goes into all the dishes!! Just like it should be!
5	Nice restaurant inside and excellent staff. Prices are reasonable and the food is very tasty! not sure why its not busier inside...kind of a tucked away location. The chef/owner is super nice and takes the time to make his rounds to visit his guests. Class act.
5	Great place and super friendly staff! Had spaghetti carbonara, cedar plank salmon and Rib Eye all cooked to perfection and beautifully presented. Would highly recommend this place!
1	Sat down at 6:30 on a Saturday night. We waited 10 minutes for someone to come by and take our drink and appetizer order. Drinks came out somewhat quickly, but it was 40 minutes before our app came out. During this 40 minutes we noticed that no one in the entire place had food on their table.Just before we were ready to leave without eating our app came out so we decided end to stay. Our entree came out 20 minutes later served to us by two young teenagers looked to be the dishwashers. Our entrees were clearly microwaved -- very hot plates and extremely hot food.We noticed as we were waiting for our check that other tables that were there before us were just getting their food.They gave no apologies, didn't offer bread and one time offered a refill on our drinks.It was a horrible experience.
4	Disclaimer: The owner, Marco, is sort of a friend of some friends whom I had never met in person before this visit. But I intend to give a very fair and honest review of my dining experience at this restaurant.We arrived on the Wednesday evening before Thanksgiving a little after 6 PM. My wife called ahead to confirm they were open and the hostess warned us that they were busier than usual and that we may have to wait a bit to get a table. The restaurant is quite small and they appeared to be short-handed with staff that night as a couple of the staff members were sharing hosting, waiting, busing, and even bar duties. Having some first-hand experience in the food service business, I can appreciate the challenges that a small operation is faced with regarding staff. Even being one person short on a busy day can significantly impact your ability to provide good service. It took 20-25 minutes to get seated and the waits to have our orders taken, for the appetizers to arrive, and for our main courses to arrive were all longer than what we would normally expect when dining out. But, we were a party of six which included my wife's sister and husband who were visiting us from the Bay Area, so we weren't in any hurry and didn't much mind hanging out during the extended waits.Now on to the food. We ordered several appetizers: bread rolls and garlic mozzarella flatbread, both of which were quite good; calamari (I didn't try, but sis-in-law enjoyed it); rapini (a bit on the bitter and spicy side for my taste, but the other adults at the table liked it). All of the entrees ordered were big hits. My wife absolutely loved her shrimp scampi; her sister ordered the clams and mussels and loved it; her husband was very satisfied with the chicken marsala; I ordered one of the evening specials, grilled swordfish in lemon butter sauce with homemade fettucini in olive oil and garlic on the side. I don't often encounter swordfish on the menu when I dine out, but it's my favorite fish and this one was simply delicious. Our 12-year old daughter chose her standard favorite dish, fettuccini alfredo with grilled chicken. She's not big eater, but she stuffed herself the best she could while I gladly cleaned up the remainder. She swore it was the best she'd ever eaten and was still talking about it on the drive back to our hotel and even the next day! Finally our 5-year old daughter ate what she could of the margherita pizza that was shared by several of the adults and had no complaints.Marco stopped at our table a couple of times during our visit to make sure we were satisfied with our food and thank us for coming in that evening. It was readily apparent that he's passionate about his use of top quality ingredients and providing good value for the customer's dollar. Obviously, the overall dining experience wasn't perfect, but I felt like the service shortcomings were acceptable given the circumstances and the fact the staff remained courteous while busting their butts to do what had to be done. If Yelp would allow it, I'd give them 4.5 stars. So give Marco's a try next time you're in the mood for some tasty Italian food at a fair price.
