5	Very knowledgeable staff in a central Tempe location.  Their primary business is firearms, and if they don't have a new firearm on hand in their small shop, they will gladly order it for you. Good for FFL transfers as well.  No pressure or tacticool AR-15 geeks, just dudes who know their weapons.
4	They're not the biggest shop in town nor the fanciest.  But they do know what they're talking about when discussing firearms. They're respectful and knowledgeable for anyone purchasing their fist gun. As a first time purchaser myself, they explained to me exactly what I wanted to know without trying to sell me on the biggest and baddest gun.If you're in the market for a new firearm, these guys are your best bet. They've definitely earned my respect and business! Their prices are also comparable to the so called "bigger" firearms stores.
5	Their business statement is so true:  Arizona Firearm's is Tempe's PRIEMER firearms dealer and one of Arizona's oldest guns shops with 40 years of experience. We come here so often I already am familiar with everyone and everyone is very down to earth and friendly. These guys know what they are talking about which is a relief, nothing is more irritating than clueless service. Collecting for our zombie survival gear or rather shooting practice gear we picked up a Remington 870 Tactical with Serrated Flash Suppressor, Glock G21, and a Ruger 10/22 to add to our ever growing kit.They also do trades and layaways and they price matched a handgun for us since another shop was offering it for less. Although don't hold me to that, just check with them to see what they can do for you. They have surplus and antique items which were interesting to look at, I feel as though I could just come in here to browse for hours. It can be hard to miss since it is a small single-story shop, it's right off Priest and University next to an apartment complex. Happy Shooting!
5	Awesome selection and willing to negotiate prices.Revolvers, semi-autos, rifles tactical and traditional, shotguns old and new. Lots of great used/trade in stuff that they buy at auction and pass on for cheap.Not a huge Curios & Relics collection for my fellow 03s out there, but they have some stuff.Friendly staff WITHOUT that "gun shop attitude", you know what I'm talking about.They know their stuff and if they don't know, they won't pretend to know.They don't make up laws and rules that don't exist (we've all heard the crap that comes out of some gun shops).They're not condescending jerks if you don't know.Straight forward, solid people.I've dealt with the manager, the gunsmith/salesman with long hair, and both guys named Josh (one tall kid in the shop and one short guy with tattoos at the gun show).They're all good people.
5	It was the reviews on Yelp - here - that led me to buy my first gun from this store.  I am an admitted know-nothing about firearms, but I felt that going here  might lead to whatever I needed to get.  I know 12 gauge shotguns are great home protection, but I asked anyway: what is the best gun for home protection?  The man behind the counter immediately replied a 12 gauge shotgun and pointed to a rack of brand new shotguns.  I had to ask questions that only people that don't know anything about guns have to ask - he didn't treat me like an idiot.  There is no reason to assume that everyone in America is knowledgeable about guns - if you weren't allowed to have them as a kid and weren't trained how to use them, this is a pretty good reason.  I was treated very well in this store and I was shown how to "operate" the thing and not shoot myself or anyone else. He was very patient with me and for that I am grateful.   I will be going back there again for my next gun, which will be a handgun.
5	Great Shop for purchases and pawn if you need to. Staff was very professional and friendly. Good selection and prices on weapons and accessories. I liked the amount of Sigs they have.
5	Best service, best deals, hands down my new favorite place. I've sold guns & ammo to them when times were hard & bought guns from them when times were good. I will be back!
5	Great shop. I've bought SEVERAL guns from these guys hand they have always been great to deal with.  As has been mentioned, they have a great selection on new AND used firearms.Most recently I traded in a gun on a different gun.  The value they gave me on the trade-in was more than fair, and in end the end I was very happy with the deal.They often list specials on thier FB page, and list a lot of thier inventory on Gun Broker.  Thier prices on LE trade-ins cannot be beat.I've used them for transfers thru gun genie and they were very happy to provide that service as well.The shop isn't much to look at but give them a chance they will treat you right.
5	I came in here after looking at a number of Valley shops to purchase a new S&W M&P 15-22 for myself and my daughter to take to the range.  The price I paid was almost exactly the same as I could find online, and without shipping I saved a bundle.  The staff here are knowledgeable, patient and don't have that attitude you find so commonly at most gun shops.  It's a pleasure patronizing an establishment such as this and it's now my go-to shop in Phoenix for all my firearms needs.
5	Great customer service, very good deals to be had, and a constantly revolving inventory make this one of the best stops to make in Phoenix.I try to make it here a few times a month to catch some of the deals they consistently have.Check out their crossroads of the west booth if you can; it is when they bring out the best inventory and often the best prices.
2	Apparently I'm one of the few.Bought a new RIA 1911 here the day after Christmas. I didn't dink around wanting to see and touch everything in the shop; I knew what I wanted and didn't waste time. Did the paperwork, paid cash, out the door in less than an hour.Except that the gun was assembled with incorrect parts, making it impossible to take down for cleaning. I took it back it the next day and asked them to confirm that I'm not an idiot. They said they'd send it back to Armscor for repair. They didn't say that they were going to sit on the gun for two weeks before sending it back. "We had to wait for authorization from Armscor." Funny, when I called Armscor for a status check that same day, they didn't say a word about that to me.OK, so after two weeks, AZ Firearms finally gets around to sending my gun in for repair. I hear nothing for another two weeks, and I post a rant to one of my forums. A moderator sends my complaint to Ivan and Gene at Armscor, who immediately jump on the problem and fix my gun, admitting that their QA had screwed the pooch. They shipped it back last Wednesday (side rant: according to UPS, Wednesday + 2nd Day Air = Monday). It arrived this morning. Having worked for an FFL, I know exactly what's involved in processing incoming and outgoing firearms, so I gave AZ Firearms three hours before I pinged them."We have a shop full of people. We're working on the incomings and we'll call you when it's ready!"It's now 1715 and they close in 45 minutes.Every gun shop in the entire US has had a shop full of people every day since November 2008, so don't give me that excuse. Logging the incomings, unless you're talking about shipping levels on par with SHOT, doesn't take all damn day. If it does, you need to hire more help and/or streamline your process. What you don't do is tell your customers that you're too busy to deal with their piddly-ass warranty work.
4	Decent enough store, good prices. Customer service has kind of gone downhill of late. Some of the newer employees are not what I would define as super competent. I overheard the female employee giving advice about gun laws that was blatantly incorrect to another customer.
4	PJ's response prompted me to write this update.Since the RIA debacle, I've been back to AZ Firearms a few times, mostly for ammunition, once for a C&R transfer. They've been very helpful and much more efficient than my first experience. Whatever the underlying issue was, I'm happy to see it's apparently been resolved.
5	Bought two guns here. Willing to work on prices with you. Usually reasonable. They do not fire the guns so only looked over by their guys. Who in their defense are very knowledgable. Ammo is expensive here.Very helpful. 5star place for me overall.
5	Have purchased two firearms here and recent years and visited multiple other times. Staff is very knowledgable and sociable. Have never felt uncomfortable or unwanted here, as you might at other gun shops. Will definitely continue coming here to purchase my firearms even though its a good 1/2 hr from my home. Definitely recommend.
1	I'd driven by this place many times, and finally decided to stop in yesterday afternoon.  I walked in to a lively and raucous discussion among the 6-7 salesmen about a customer who'd just left.  She was, from what I gathered, a very attractive blonde woman, and drove a convertible BMW.  The employees were enthusiastically speculating about how much ejaculate she must have swallowed, and how many times she must have performed fellatio to afford such a car.  Despite the 20 years I spent as a construction worker, even I was appalled at some of the comments made.  What was even more disturbing was that the staff didn't seem to care that customers could, and did, hear their comments.  I spent about 8-10 minutes in the store, just enough time to do a quick scan of inventory and prices, and the conversation continued the entire time.  Plus, it wasn't until I was on my way out of the store that one of the employees asked if there was anything they could help me with.   Considering their brazenness, I have to assume that they talk about any and all females that enter their store in similarly derogatory terms.  Don't take your wives, daughters, girlfriends or any other female to this establishment.  Their prices and inventory are otherwise very reasonable, and under other circumstances, I probably would have purchased from them.
5	I have been shopping in this store since I became of age to purchase firearms...that's 1993. And have bought more firearms than I can remember, and was there today for a trade/purchase. The owner and his staff have always been respectful to me and my family. They have worked with both my mother and my wife to find the right weapon for them and their needs. They have helped me to find the best fitting first rifles for my children, and have gone the extra mile to locate the obscure requests I have made in the past.One of the biggest draws I have to this store, is that the staff to always up for good conversation/educational chats. Unlike some stores where everyone is afraid of Corporate management and their sales quoted/up-sale requirements, these guys and gals would rather make the customer happy and make a return customer out of them.
5	I've purchased from this shop multiple times this year. The staff is helpful and always takes the time to work with me and find the right firearm or holster for what I'm looking for. I'm a more than picky person when it comes to my forearms, and the staff has always taken this in stride. I honestly prefer this store to some of the others I have been to. I often find that because I don't look like a woman who enjoys shooting, I get ignored and overlooked. Not so here. I will definably keep going to this shop.
5	As a visitor to America from the Northern Lands, this is it, this is where I found the America's Dream! Such good selection!
5	I appreciate the level of customer service that I received here. I came into the store on a Friday to check it out and ask them about selling some of my used guns. I was also looking for a hard to find S&W 9mm Shield. They told me that they had one coming in next week and that they would hold it for me. Later that afternoon I received a call from them that the gun had arrived earlier than expected.The next day I brought in several used guns and ended up selling two of them for a reasonable price and I was able to buy the S&W Shield along with a few hundred rounds of ammo without any out of pocket cash.  I dealt with four people during my two trips to the store and they were all very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. I have some more guns to trade so I will be back.
5	Stopped in at Arizona Firearms with a specific firearms purchase in mind.The staff were friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere was very relaxed.  No pressure to hurry up and buy despite the shop being filled with customers.The prices were good to very good on broad selection of firearms.The paperwork phase was handled efficiently.My spouse thought the shop was very ladies friendly and enjoyed the visit.One of, if not the best firearms purchase experiences I have ever had.
4	Awesome selection, really laid back cool staff and ready to answer question. I couldn't believe how many firearms were available
5	One of the best places in the valley to buy/sell/trade firearms!The staff has always been helpful and knowledgeable about the smallest details.The prices are very  fair and if they don't have it in stock they can get it quickly and reasonably.  They are generous with their time and all super nice to do business with.  These people know guns....really well.  There are other good guns shops in town but these fine folks have it dialed in tight!You don't ever feel like you don't belong.  There has never been a time when I have ever seen or heard them treat anyone without great respect, regardless of the circumstance.  I have been a client for many years and have always enjoyed my interactions.  The only thing missing is more ammo...but overall a very minor drawback.I recommend them very highly!Oh, also,  they are a great place to do trades!
1	I just got off the phone with AZ Firearms & collectibles:     The first person who answered the phone mumbled something inaudible before I finished telling her what I was calling for, and in the middle of my sentence. After that I had to assume I was on hold, because she wasn't responding anymore.      After two minutes of silence and being only a moment from hanging up the phone, a gentleman came on the phone and also mumbled something inaudible. I asked what it was he had said and there was no response.     I hung up the phone and then called back, and the person who answered the phone hung up immediately after picking up.      What a nightmare. Don't waste your time calling them, and if you feel my pain boycott these rude jerks.
5	Talk about Customer Service!!! First of they know what they're talking about and at the same time not be cocky about it. Awesome service awesome people.  Oh and they don't pressure you to purchase and that's the ultimate plus.  Just like most of you I'm one to make sure I purchase the right thing and not have to regret it later.  Anyways I made my purchase with ease and they actually really treat you like the way your suppose to.  Above and beyond is what they do and trust me when you walk in, you'll feel welcome and you can take your time on what you really want and not hassle you to "hurry up and buy" or "if your not buying anything,  just leave."  I will recommend these guys to anyone for sure. I will be back there again and again.
5	This is a great store and they have a great selection. When you go in try and get Julie or John. They are very patient with newbies and will take the time you need to figure out the best option for you. We have purchased 4 guns from here and have been very pleased. There are a couple people who are intimidating and short. One is a woman with dark hair and one is a taller balding man. They don't have a lot of patience if you unsure of what you are looking for. Overall this is my go to shop for all my gun purchases.
5	You can really tell the people in this shop know their guns!! Jonathan is great & has some of the best customer service I have EVER received!! He is great...the whole staff is great and really helpful. If you want to buy, sell, or pawn any guns, Arizona Firearms is the only place to go!!
5	I came up with a list of the top 5 gun shops from Yelp, after going to each of them in search for a  Ruger 22/45, Arizona Firearms was the only one to take the time to not only show it to me but to offer an alternate gun at a lower price. The Ruger SR22 in my wife's favorite color Purple. Very helpful and friendly staff.  paperwork was handled very quickly without  a doubt one of the best experiences I've ever had buying a gun.
5	These people are great. Awesome selection very competitive pricing and Julie is a gem. She is always friendly and willing to help. If your looking to buy a new or used gun this is the place to go. They have a great selection of almost any kind of gun you are looking for weather it be pistol rifle or shotgun.  They have law enforcement trade in you can get a awesome deal on as well. Don't buy until you check here.
5	I had excellent service with  John "Pops". He was great at explaining about the gun I wanted to buy and gave me a fair deal on two guns I traded in.
1	These people don't know the Gun Laws.  Unprofessional Business.
5	Great place, brought my shotgun in to get checked since my dad hadn't shot it since the 20th century. Piled it up for me and didn't even mention charging me not pressuring me into any other sale. However, I do believe I will be back for business
