4	Before I moved to Charlotte I went to the one in Durham, so I was familiar with their services. I didn't have a recommendation so I just asked for an appt time and whoever was available that's who I went to. They tell you  each step in the process and the wax is well a wax it's going to hurt . I have never had anything other than a soft wax (not the strip) so I can't compare it to that. They do try to sell those ridiculously expensive products.... But they work so I buy them. Their ingrown hair serum is the one thing that I have found that works and doesn't make my skin peel. They also do late appt's I think the latest I have been was 7:30pm. Ask for Heather she's really down to earth and does a really good job , very knowledge about skin care and waxing! I just wish they had one closer to me, I hate having to drive out there every month just for a wax.
5	I went to Nikki for a wax and she was absolutely fantastic. I was worried about how it was going to be, but she walked me through everything step-by-step so I knew what to expect. I used the coupon when I went there and they honored it without a problem, and everyone there is incredibly friendly. I would and have recommended this place to others.
5	She was very thorough in waxing the customer service was beyond expectation.
5	Just tried this place out Saturday. Totally fabulous!! I didn't have an appointment but needed my underarms waxed. The receptionist informed me that my wax would be free since I was a first time customer. Heather was my wax specialist and she was AWESOME!! She explained the entire process to me and I barely felt any pain. Wish I had tried this place sooner!
5	Lakeia (if I spell her name correctly) was awesome, friendly and professional at the same time. With the care and how pain free their wax is, this place is definitely better than getting wax at a nail salon, especially for the bikini wax, if you know what I'm talking about, girls!!!
5	I have been coming to EWC here in Rivergate for over a year now. Crystal has always been "my girl" to do my underarm waxes and I love her for it, especially in the warmer months! The wax they use is black and looks like tar but dont be thrown off, it works very well and Crystal is fast, professional and friendly and always has a welcoming smile on her face. The front desk staff is great too and gets you in and out and will tell you about promos they might be running that could save you some dough. Check them out! First wax is free.
