1	I just wrote a letter of complaint to this company regarding a Grand Canyon Tour we just did.  Here is part of the letter, which explains everything:On 5/19/2010, I participated in your West Rim 5 in 1 tour for two people.  I wanted to tell you how disappointed I was in this tour, it was in no way what I expected, especially in light of the amount of money paid for this package. We were picked up at 10:05 by a packed tour bus and herded on like cattle where we could not even sit together.  After being squeezed in with strangers, we arrived at the Vision Tours facility.  We then had to wait in line to  check in, then wait in yet another line to show ID and get weighed.  Then we got to sit there and wait for an hour and a half for a plane.  This is ridiculous.  Not only were we not given any information on how long we would have to wait or when to expect the plane, it is important to note that the Japanese tour group in the same terminal had their own personal attache from Vision.  In fact, we were told that the Japanese group came first by the Vision Tour person.  I guess our tour didn't count? We then were finally able to get on the plane, which was an enjoyable ride.  But things went downhill from there.  Once we arrived, we were redirected to check in to another area for our helicopter ride.  We immediately checked in and then waited for another hour in order to get on our helicopter.  In the meantime, we were told that we only had until 3:45 to see the canyon (we had to catch a bus back by then). Once on the helicopter, it was again an enjoyable experience.  We got to the canyon and were able to immediately board our boat, which was fun.  However, once we got back to the dock, we had to wait yet another 30 minutes for a helicopter back to the airport so we can get a bus to see the Skywalk. We did make it to the Skywalk, ran through it because we were out of time and missed out on the rest of the canyon.  We took made a 3:30 bus back, which in fact ended up running late at the next stop, causing us to be late back for our flight.  The only fortunate part was that half of our flight was on the same bus, so they didn't leave without us. Honestly, for a trip that was supposed to be 7 hours, we spent a grand total of 2 hours actually experiencing part of the tour (missing other parts due to inefficient coordination), with the remaining 5 hours spent waiting.   This was such a disappointing experience, I cannot begin to tell you what a damper it put on our entire trip - this was supposed to be the highlight and it ended up being an expensive waste of time.  We spent the entire time in the canyon stressing about missing our flights due to someone else's incompentence and lack of planning, let alone the portions of the tour that we missed. Clearly, customer service is not a top priority for your company.  This could have been such a wonderful experience, instead it ended up being a warning for others to avoid your tours in the future.
4	My review is based solely on the $5 bus tour from Vegas to Laughlin. This ws my second time during this trip. I couldn't figure out how or why it was so inexpensive, someone explained that Colorado Belle and Edgewater pay the tour company to bring us there and the $5 us basically to hold us accountable for booking it. The bus was huge and wasn't marked very well...the "key bus" marking or sign was only in the front windshield...the side indicated a transportation company all together different....it was packed full of people. The driver gave a partially narrated tour during the 2 and a half hour ride to Laughlin. The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars was because there was an issue with the air conditioning, it felt like the heat was on actually so the driver pulled over and opened the vents on the roof. Once we got there the hotel/casino got onboard and gave us coupons for a free buffet...horrible food both experiences, but hey it was free.
1	in this tour from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon South Rim, Vision Tours got the triple D award: Disappointing, Demeaning and Dangerous. Disappointing, dangerous and demeaning. I bought a tour from Las Vegas to The Grand Canyon, the bus was not very clean, the seats were kind of mushy and the driver was not very friendly. We were supposed to get lunch half way to the Grand Canyon, a buffet lunch according to the original program, instead we got a lunch box at the I-Max Theater, the guy that distributed the boxes was not a nice guy and treated us the passengers worst than the army, throwing dirty looks and scolding some of the passengers, many of us end up going towards de theater instead of the eating area for lack of direction, anyway the lunch consisted in a puny sandwich, a small bag of potato chips, a little bottle of water and a small apple. The worst part of the trip that we have to put up, going and coming back, with a nasty odor similar to a sewer line: it was methane, toxic, coming from the engine that later on I found that was due to a hose that was not well connected, thus the fumes coming inside the bus, got a head ache and sleepy. This was the most disappointing part of my trip to Las Vegas. If Vision Tours can not take care of a bus, it has no business flying airplanes or helicopters that can be much more dangerous.
