4	Went last Sunday night it was in industrial area but a cool spot with alot of cute hispanic guys there.  Most were playing pool but they had a good hip hop and rap DJ if your into that?  I'm not and had a great time and danced alot.  Heard he plays oldies and cumbas too.  Will definitely go back.  No cover charge either.
5	You're a Yelper. Adventurous by nature. Always seeking the good life and with it, all of its spoils.But really, you're all talk.Your grand idea of adventure is 'trying Ethiopian' tonight. Isn't it high time you busted-out of that Scottsdale bubble for some real adventure?Come on down to Michele's.This is the place I hang until rush hour traffic has cleared and can effortlessly navigate three freeway systems back to my North Scottsdale enclave each night.I wish I could say come join me for a glass of wine, or a cocktail, or appys, maybe even a craft beer, but I can't. There is no such thing. Not here.The only thing you'll find here is Bud on tap, and a rack of potato chips behind the bar.Well, that and the wino's, drug dealers, and old women who are so cliche, you'll never wonder again why our society has a shelter for women. This is a taste of counter culture at it's finest, people.Try it.But if you do, here are some tips.Only go in daylight hours.Leave the Range Rover at home, take your friends beat-up rice grinder.No skinny jeans, heels, or fashion of any kind.No purse or clutch.No watch, bling or any type of bedazzled accessories.And no Iphone.They'll know you're not one of them as you walk around holding your phone up snapping pics you plan to post on FB later. Leave the phone in the car.And I'd only go in with several of your biggest guy friends.You should probably bring that one guy friend who's been known to go mental on occasion, that wouldn't hurt either.Now enjoy your afternoon of Budweisers, Funyuns, and 1960's circa cowboy tunage blaring from the old Wurlitzer.Michele's also has four nice pool tables, plenty of booths, and a men's bathroom that'll put your bladder's holding ability to the ultimate test.Isn't it time you stretched your social wings?Think of it as a field trip, where you can see all of humanity's-ass warts gathered up in one cozy little corner of the city, save for me of course.Oh, and bring a gun.
1	Great place for trailer trash,tweakers and cheap drinks. Dont come after dark.
