4	Great place to pick up chicken, very similar to Romados, less the line ups.  Have only had chicken and chorizo and appreciated the little jars of hot sauce, give them a try.
3	$4 for a filling chicken sandwich and only 2 bucks more to add salad or really tasty looking potatoes. I grabbed one of these tasty sammy's and headed over to Parc Lafontaine and I can guarantee you I will be doing this again. They have a bunch of other options too including chorizo and Portugese pastries in the back. Service was a tad slow but they are new so I forgive them - they'll get it. Thumbs up!
4	Wonderful. The chourico was wonderful and had great BBQ flavour. The chicken was flavourful as well. The sauce was spicy and not greasy. Wish that the salad had more tomatoes and other vegetables, it was too lettuce heavy for me. The fries were great as well. The prices were fair. Definitely a fan... a big fan! Oh and the nata was good too! A definitely great choice on a budget!
4	The best thing to do when you're hungry after a Yelp event, hit up the closest Portuguese Chicken joint with 5 of your closest Yelp friends from the event! Chicken was super tasty, with a generous amount of Piri Piri, bonus: the salad was definitely not an afterthought as it was fresh and delightful, and fries were seasoned (perhaps a tiny bit too well for my liking but oh what the hey). We all agreed that it was nice to not have to do a line up of a million people like some other chicken stops in this city, and that it was clean, with a place to sit too. Oh and for reals that portuguese chicken poutine not only looked amazing but tasted good (I can attest to this because I had a bite of Kate B.'s.
4	Friendly spot and portions big enough for two. We got the "Veronica Special" that comes with chicken legs, Portuguese sausage, salad and rice. You can ask for half rice and half fries... But it's sort of mixed together. The spicy sauce poured over everything (ask for that), especially the rice, is yum. We also tried the 1/2 chicken combo and that's great too. They have a nice selection of pastries but the best is the Nata, the Portuguese egg tart. We got this for take out 3x in a row and ate it at home with wine during our visit to Montreal.
5	L'assiette de poulet est tellement bonne!! Surtout avec une sauce epicee! Je le recommande! Grosse assiette et vraiment pas cher! Seule chose... Il manque de la place un peu pour s'asseoire mais une bonne ambiance quand meme. Style takeout, rapide!
4	've had my fair share of Portuguese chicken, but I'm always in the mood for more. It's the charred, crispy chicken skin that always makes me smile from cheek to cheek.  For me, the first bite is always, undeniably, a religious renewal of my love for chicken- an often forgotten protein in the long line of other game meat served rare to medium rare. However, when chicken is done right, it's a real experience which I don't allow to slip my fat bellied memory, ever.As if waiting in a line to get in to the place wasn't enough proof for how amazingly delicious their food was going to be, I was welcomed by racks of chicken rotating over hot coals. Believe you me, I was beyond delighted at the spectacle of juicy chicken getting a hit of fire, smoke, and char.The menus at Ma Poule Mouillee were in French so luckily with my grade 5 French, I was able to not only read but also understand 85% of it. What I ordered was a no brainer- the chicken and chorizo combo (combo Veronique).Apart from the rotisserie chicken, Ma Poule Mouille also served homemade Portuguese backed desserts, like the infamous Portuguese tart. Several items to choose from, along with pickled and frozen items to complete your meal. Everything was presented nicely, conveniently and efficiently along an assembly line of ordering and paying. A definite smart setup for such a popular restaurant.Seating wasn't ample by any stretch, but both indoor and outdoor options are available. A combination of tall wooden tables, metal stools with shorter seating created more room overall. The light wooden floors, dark wood-paneled walls, open ducts and brick counters gave Ma Poule Mouillee a homestyle vibe.After pulling the chicken off the rack, a brush lathered the chicken in this amazingly tangy and spicy sauce before being chopped and plated. The chorizo was pulled out of the coals from below, hacked as well, followed by the most generous helping of fries placed on top. In total, the meal was $10 bucks, taxes in.The chicken was flavorful, spicy, with hints of natural bbq char. The skin was of course the best part, but the chorizo was equally tasty, lending its spices and bold flavoring to the bed of fries underneath. It was the perfect combination, really. I didn't miss the poutine so much after my first bite, but then again, I tried that too, grabbing a forkful off my buddies gigantic poutine tin ($12 and it was up there with anyother poutine you can get in MTL).Overall, I couldn't have asked for a better meal to send me off back home to Toronto. Montreal left a mark in my heart and belly from its intensely elaborate yet comforting food scene. I miss Montreal, leftovers made me cry.
3	What I enjoyed:The portion sizes (good lawd). The price.The magical hot sauce that they pour on (and sell separately). The friendly service toward non-French speaking, clueless, Americans.What I didn't enjoy:Salt, salt, and more salt - I was force feeding myself salad in between bites just to cleanse my palate.
4	I had originally walked to this area to go to La Banquise for poutine but changed my mind because A, it was raining and B, there was a long line outside the place. Luckily this restaurant was across the street! Strategic placement? Perhaps. My boyfriend had the combo plate with chorizo and rotisserie chicken which he thought was a bit salty. I had the pork shoulder sandwich with fries and loved every bite! The spicy sauce was so good that I bought some to bring home.
4	Very nice place . Fabulous chicken , not to expensive and give a lot for your money !!!
5	This place has AMAZING chicken! While my family was waiting in line down the street for poutine, the intoxicating smell of chicken cooked off in the distance was simply too much for me to ignore and I ended up running down the street and getting in line for a half chicken, and I'm so glad that I did because it was incredible. It was moist, slightly smokey and topped off with the Piri Piri sauce which made it simply heavenly! I really wish we had Ma Poule here in the states, there would be a line out the door and around the corner. Next time I come to Montreal, I'll get the entire meal instead of chicken alone because I was watching as they made the fries and the salad and honestly, 3 people could eat from 1 plate! Simply amazing!
5	I know the poutine here isn't necessarily done in the most traditional way, but my god, it's the best I've ever had. They offer Portuguese spiced chicken and chorizo atop a mountain of fries; if the quality doesn't wow you, first of all, you're crazy, but secondly, the portion size will make you a believer. You can comfortably split a large poutine and leave fully satisfied. We went overboard and got a full chicken to go with it. Leftovers!You can buy a jar of their signature sauce for $5, though the one I got was hand-sealed, and a bit leaky. Carry it upright and get it home safe!
5	Amazingly soft chicken and huge portions!!!! Medium sized fries are almost 3-4 large McDonald's fries. Friendly staff as well! Always a line up!
