3	Not shabby...within walking distance to the Dublin (which is A-ok with me) and downtown. Nothing special though. I got stuck in a smoking room (yes you can smoke inside the hotels there, just not restaurants and such) and couldn't get moved unless I wanted to be far away from my co-workers. So I just stuck with it. Huge room though- without a view- full kitchen, decent bathroom. Semi-friendly staff. You walk in the lobby thinking you're gonna get a real treat, but it's probably not worth the money.
3	We stayed at this hotel due to its great proximity to the U.S. Embassy.  My husband had to have his visa interview there and it was a very quick walk (literally around the corner).  Because of this, we were able to be the first people in line at the "secret door" (that you'd never know actually takes you inside the embassy).The hotel had a business/internet room which was perfect for our last minute panic searches (I'm telling you, a lot goes through your mind the night before a visa interview) and also they were good about accepting (and getting to us) a last-minute overnight package which included my brother's birth certificate coming from the U.S. (we had forgotten it in our visa app and the visa would have been denied).The complimentary continental breakfast in the "breakfast lounge" was perfect for us as we were in a time crunch in the a.m..  Just your standard bagels, juices, cereals and the like.Also walking distance to lots of food and shops.  Montreal has two things for sure, angry frowny faced people and goooood smoked meat!!
4	the rooms are huge, and sometimes very awkward.  However i like that hotel because it is soooo downtown.  There is also a small cafeteria / restaurant next door that sells pretty good food (and friendly staff).
3	(+)1. Great location - Located within walking distance to Notre Dame, Old Montreal, Chinatown, Latin Quarters, St. Catherine's, a few arts museums, the metro and a lot of shopping and restaurants.2. The room was big. Very high ceiling with a king size bed and a small kitchen.3. Nice and friendly staff. They provided an extra cot with no charge.4. Free internet - they provide a code to you upon check-in.5. Free continental breakfast - toast, croissants, cereals, fruits and coffee.(-)1. We requested 2 beds and ended up with a room with only one. We went to talk to the front desk and they were out of rooms to switch us to. But they provided the cot at no extra charge.2. The towels smell. 3. The parking is $22 a day which is OK. but it has to be valet. If you need something in your car, you have to go through the concierge.
3	Definitely not the cheapest hotel in the world, but nothing in Montreal seems to be that way...$190 a night or so for three people to be in a room, but at least that room was HUGE! I mean big. There was even a full kitchen in it with a full sized fridge and plates and cups and everything!And the beds were actually pretty comfy, but I would have liked some extra comforters or something like that since I am obsessed with blankets ha ha And the pillows were so so for my taste. But overall pretty good!You get free wifi here too which I think should always be free when you stay at hotels, but this is one of the few nicer hotels that had free wifi. You also get free continental breakfast here which includes some fruit, cereal, muffins, pastries, toast...you know the usual stuff, but at least they give you something and they even have two types of coffee roasts which I appreciate.The other downside is parking....I was told that Montreal has a car theft rate and so I definitely paid for the hotel parking, but it is $22 a night!!! Definitely steep, especially when the American dollar is worse than the Canadian dollar if you are an American visiting there! But hey, at least you know it is safe!!
5	We visit Montreal on a regular basis. As a result, we have stayed in a vast array of hotels (good and bad). This past June we flew to Montreal for a couple of days and stayed at Le Square Phillips because of the reviews on Tripadvisor. To say that we were thrilled is an understatement.The most important detail at any hotel is cleanliness. To say that I am a germaphobe is an understatement, I travel with bottles of disinfectant and lysol. Not to mention I have a paranoia with bedbugs. Bed bugs are rampant around the world and the last thing any traveler wants to do is bring them home. Everywhere we go we thoroughly inspect mattresses and all furniture. I check everything for dust and dirtiness. This is the only hotel in Montreal that we have stayed at that is worthy of 5-stars - it is CLEAN!The breakfast served in the breakfast lounge is fantastic. I've yet to find a hotel that provides breakfast in this fashion (for free) to it's guests. It is definitely appreciated for travelers like us that are always on the go and do not have time to eat at a restaurant. The location is perfect. It's located 5 minutes from the transit system and is close to all amenities. This is the ONLY hotel we are going to be staying at for all future trips.
5	Conveniently located in the heart of downtown this hotel has spacious, clean rooms, fast and free Wi Fi and a great staff with a friendly attitude.  The  breakfast is not the best but they have good coffee, again, for free.The room was $170/night and immaculate.  it came with a fridge and a microwave oven.
5	Stayed here in June because of the central location, price & what they offer.  Would return to stay here again during future Montreal visits. Great for couples & families (if only because of the large rooms).Had no issues whatsoever, very clean & good service whenever needed. GREAT city rooftop with lounge chairs for a summer evening. BIG rooms with fully stocked kitchen. Free WI-FI. Fitness centre small (2 treadmills, couple of bikes, small weight room) but does the job. Indoor pool was smallish & usually full with kids. Complimentary continental breakfast spread was pretty decent (fruit, oatmeal, toast, bagels, etc). For a better breakfast, Eggspectations is a 10 minute or less walk away on St Catherine Street. Don't miss the Italian restaurant a few doors down, fantastic pizza!
5	Such a pleasant stay. I booked this hotel after reading 8 comments from YELP. The stay was far better than these 8 comments rated. I LOVE the spacious room, high ceiling. Clean. Quiet. Centrally located. Good breakfast. VERY HELPFUL and courteous front desk and concierge. The BIG room is good for the family. The fully loaded kitchen is great.Most important is : good price.Nice roof top indoor swimming pool.  Exercise room was closed for some upgrade.Definitely will come back.
4	If you're just looking for a comfortable yet clean place in a neat neighborhood (this being St Catherines) this is definitely a great choice.  For our party of 10+ gentlemen, with our potential for rowdiness, they wouldn't let us cram ourselves into lesser rooms.  Good thing I'm in my more mature years where 4 doods to a 2 full size bed room is just shy of being tolerable and passing out on the couch or floor is no longer acceptable.  The prices are somewhat higher but on a fair scale.  It's pretty much a 3 star hotel, but comes off looking somewhere above that with its more formal lobby but retaining some of the older details in the room themselves.  However, the rooms are spacious and the roof pool and patio area offers a great view to a part of Montreal that provides a great atmosphere for some whiskey sipping and cigar puffing.  Definitely would recommend staying here.
5	Stayed here with my family of 5 in a really large, comfortable suite.  The staff is very accommodating  and the breakfast is huge and delicious. Walking distance to great shopping, Old Montreal and museums.
4	Good hotel in a good location.  Room was much bigger than expected with a small kitchen area with a dining table.  Rooftop pool and patio were a great place to unwind at the end of the day.  Front desk was very  helpful with anything we needed.  Within walking distance of anything you need.  Would stay here again!  Be sure to try the pizza place down the street.  The hotel is in what used to be an old warehouse.but you would never know except for the pictures and drawings they have.  Great reuse of a building.
5	Large apartments, friendly staff and nice public spaces. Within steps of everything you need on St Catherine's. This former warehouse was renovated into loft-style apartments in 2003. One block from The Bay and an SAQ Signature shop on St Catherine's plus a Provigo grocery store is a 15min walk away.We had a spacious studio apartment, daily housekeeping, great continental breakfast, roof-top patio, coin laundry, pool, and gym. There is supposed to be parking around the corner for half the price the hotel charges. There's also a large Bixi bike station on Phillips Square down the street.
4	Unbelievably spacious rooms, great service, fairly good breakfast included. Great location in downtown. The modest workout room had decent cardio equipment, and the pool came in handy... Tip: You'll need to head to breakfast fairly early if you want to avoid the rush. Just be warned: there's no bar.
4	Pros- Great Location (one block from St Catherine's and in the middle of everything)- Spacious Suites- Attentive Housekeeping Staff- Kitchen with fridge, stove, dining room table, microwave, and utensils   - Free WiFi- Free Continental BreakfastCons- The continental breakfast was just ok (eggo waffles, toast, dry croissants, muffins, cereal, yogurt, and fruit).  I skipped out on breakfast on the last day and opted for the Tim Horton's down the block.- No matter where we pointed the shower head, we soaked the bathroom floor consistently. We stayed in one of their family suites with 3 guys for a bachelor party.  We had enough room with a bedoom with a King bed, alcove area with a queen bed, and a sofa bed in the living room.  The room was $338 (with all taxes/fees) per night and it was a $38 / 20 minute cab ride from the airport.
1	Hotel check-in policy is an absolute JOKE! For such a very serious reason, I am unable to give Square Phillips a rating higher than 1 star.I knew ahead of time that my arrival at the hotel will be very late, so I called them ahead of time, where the customer service person made a note on the computer that I would be checking in late.Upon my arrival, I was VERY shocked to find out my friend (who got there before me) was able to check into the hotel, even though his name was never mentioned in a booking, nor was his credit card used to pay for the booking. He was able to check-in because according to the front desk person, the chances of somebody knowing the name of the person who booked as well as when they booked is very slim, therefore, they are able to let him check-in. I find this to be quite ridiculous that a hotel can let anybody check in based on providing those 2 pieces of information.Without factoring the above incident, this hotel would receive a 3.5 / 5 star rating from me. The location of the hotel is very good, and is close to many places. On top of that, the cleanliness of the hotel is also very good. The general area outside the hotel, the lobby, the hallways, and the room are all very clean. The hotel also provides free breakfast, which includes items such as toast, muffins, cereal, yogurt, and fruit. For those that aren't picky about the limited selection and lack of hot foods, or those that want something that 'gets the job done', free food is always good!The room we stayed in was a family suite, and it was very spacious and has everything you'd expect from an apartment room. There's a small kitchen with fridge, stove, dining table, and a microwave, there is also a private bedroom and also a second one that is open and connected to the living room area. The bathroom was quite spacious, but don't expect anything fancy.For the cons, customer service from the night crew was okay at best. They aren't particularly helpful or friendly, but at them same time they aren't rude and unprofessional. The quality of customer service can definitely be better. The pricing of the rooms and parking (valet park only) are also on the higher end. For the price that we paid (Approx. $1000 for 3 nights + valet parking for 2 nights)  I think there is a fair bit of room for improvement, as we compared it to Westin Hotel, which seems more higher end for the same price.
4	We stayed at the Square Phillips Hotel & Suites when in Montreal recently. We were very happy with our stay. The room was LARGE - more like a studio apartment!! The room was beautiful! This is a good location in the city and we'd definitely come here again!
4	The only thing I can say bad about this place is the beds are just a firmer than I like.  That is just my preference though.The staff was helpful, the rooms were very spacious and the location is ideal.I would definitely stay here again!
5	Enjoyed staying at this hotel. Staff were friendly and responsive. The breakfast was satisfying. The location is great! We were four adults and the queen bed with pull-out sofa bed and kitchenette suite was plenty big enough for us. In the hallway we could hear a party in the room next to ours but in our room we did not hear any noise bleeding through. I would stay here again.
5	Loved this place!  Had a junior queen suite and two teenagers with us. The kids slept in the living room, one on the pull out and another on the air mattress we brought with us and there was still plenty of room. There was a continental breakfast but by the time the kids got up we never got there. The location was perfect we were able to walk to everything except the Biodome. The staff was incredible, nice,heloful, etc.  I would stay here again.
4	I really liked this place.  It was spacious, conveniently located and the price was right.  We didn't use the kitchen but if we were in Montreal longer that might have come in handy.  The hotel was very clean and the staff were helpful.  I would probably have given this place 5 stars except the continental breakfast might have been more accurately called the carbs and coffee breakfast.  Having said that, it did save us some money and everything was fresh and well-maintained.
