3	I noticed this new food truck in uptown recently and decided to try it out.It's a taco truck serving a different meat(shredded pork, steak, fish, chicken) daily on heated corn tortilla's with guacamole salsa and salsa verde......3 taco's for $7....2 taco's with rice and beans $8...burrito $6.  I opted for the shredded pork taco's with guac salsa on the side....the meat was seasoned really well and the salsas were a pretty decent compliment.  I wasn't blown away but it was a nice change of pace for uptown.
3	Juan Taco is a cute little food cart but I didn't much care for the tacos. They were ok... Not bad but not good either. Ordered the carne mechada tacos (3 tacos for $8 no side). The shredded beef was kinda tough and not that exciting. The corn tortillas were just warmed up, store bought ones. The toppings didn't add much - shredded cabbage and cheese. It's a good thing they were served with hot sauce. Juan Taco could be pretty awesome if they stepped it up a bit!
3	I had their steak burrito at the Chow Down Uptown event and it was just fine. Generous portions, decent quality, akin to a little less flavorful Chipotle or Salsarita's. I'd try them again, but for the price you could find better burritos at other places.
4	Juan Taco catered my friends bday party! The taco truck just pulled up in their driveway! It was a great idea! The owners were so nice and the food was good! I asked for chicken tacos with no tortillas. She made it right up with no issues! Great idea for any party! She also said they weren't uptown anymore bc they got a diff gig. Tear, no more Trade and Tryon!
4	Love this place. They have some mighty good tacos. Everything tastes really fresh.
4	Juan Taco is the first Charlotte-area food truck I've tried, and I was very impressed! I got a chicken burrito with a side of rice and beans. The chicken burrito was generously sized, and very flavorful, however, the sides left something to be desired. The beans were not refried, just regular ol' pinto beans with cheese, and the rice was just okay. My husband loved his three chicken tacos, and my son also got a chicken burrito (which he loved as well). Pricing was very reasonable, and I love the look of the truck! All in all, despite the bland sides, a very good experience! I will definitely try them again!
