5	Great Food , Very Authentic Very good mix of flavors. great use of spices .. Everything tastes fresh and deliciousVery friendly English and Spanish speaking staff.
3	I haven't eaten here yet, but my cousin and aunt have eaten here about 3 or 4 times now.  My cousin said it's better than Roberto's, which is pretty good; it's oddly hard to find really good mexican food here.  I'm going to try this place this weekend, and I'll write a more in-depth review at that time.  From what I've heard, the make-your-own burrito is the bees knees, it's $6 for a huge burrito, that is made kind of Subway style, you tell them exactly what you want on it (and they don't charge you extra for guacamole or sour cream!!).  After my cousin ordered this a couple of times, the next time he came in, the guy there (who he said was really nice) knew his order and started making it before he ordered, just confirming it as he was making it.   It's truly a family owned business, a plus in my book.  Support local businesses!
5	hands down best mexican food I have ever had!First off, this place is family owned, which is usually a good sign. The people there are enormously friendly. The food is inexpensive, fresh and delicious! I get the Whole Wheat Chicken burrito, its only 6 bucks, and its HUGE! they have healthy options, like the burrito I get, and its very satisfying. They make their churros to order, and their homemade hot sauces rock!Sorry Roberto's, This is my new favorite place!
4	Alright, finally ate here.   I had the carne asada burrito, with green rice, black beans, salsa, guacamole, lettuce....and I think that's it.  It was quite good.What I liked about it, is that it was all very light and fresh and not greasy and gross.  I liked the salsa and even the chips quite a bit too.  My aunt just had one taco, which was actually rather substantial.  The cousin had the two tacos, which he took down like he hadn't eaten in a week.  Their food is tasty, fresh and of decent quality.  You get a choice of either green rice or the typical red rice.  The people there are very very nice, and the owner was there, eating some menudo as she fiddled on her laptop.  All in all, pretty tasty and very very inexpensive.
4	My biggest complaint in restaurant food these days is that its over seasoned and in particular too salty.El Picante is not guilty of that.  The flavors are fresh and clean and delicate.   Traditional mexican meats and beans and rice,  good tortillas, and you can put it together how you like it.Very inexpensive, good take out as not much atmosphere in seating area.the portions are a bit small on the tacos and the servings are a bit inconsistant depending on who's making your plate,  but the good flavor is worth it. if you want easy quick food, thats flavorful and not greasy...go to el picante.
4	This place is pretty good. I had the seafood shrimp burrito on whole wheat tortilla. Tastes way better than Robertos shrimp burrito. Also had a bite of their fish tacos. Not bad! Wish it was breaded... One thing I like about their food is it's very light and non greasy! Good customer service!
5	Great tasting Mexican Food + Great service = El PicanteI found El Picante before I actually moved to the Henderson area.  El Picante is a favorite in the short time I have been here.The owner is really nice and has created a great menu of great tasting food. I always get the #17 ( two meat combination platter)They don't charge extra for sides like guacamole which is nice.All in all this reminds me of SF Bay Area Mexican food; the taste is great and easy on the wallet.
5	What's for dinner tonight..... I don't know, just Yelp it. SO we find El Picante... Reviews look good, nothing to crazy, So we headed a few blocks away to try out this Mexican mecca.  We pulled into an empty parking lot and walked into an empty El Picante.. The first thing we were greeted by was a very friendly Hispanic woman, asking us what we would like and offering us a menu because in her words, " We cant fit it all on the board". So we Decided to try out the Burritos that we read so much about. Scored the Grande Carne Burrito with the HOT salsa wheat tortilla and all the fix-ens, it was DELICIOUS.... The wife Pounced on a shredded beef burrito and the little one had a very very very little quesadilla, This is the only complaint I had, her mini meal was $1 less than our Colossal Concoctions of Mexican goodness and was about 1/20 of the size. She happened to drop a piece on the floor resulting in a %50 loss of her dinner......... No exaggeration... The Food was amazing, Both the Carne asada and the shredded beef were perfect and the atmosphere is not to bad either, it is not the Fluorescent Forrest like a chipotle, you actually get to sit in a regular table and enjoy some semi authentic Mexican food while listening to authentic Mexican music, and all the while i was sitting in there feeling like i got some special deal or something due to the more than reasonable pricing. This is worth a visit or 2 or 3.......no ones judging!
5	We grabbed antoher quick meal in here tonight and they pulled it off yet again. The food was great, the service was friendly and Unlike last time I saw that they offer free Wi-Fi for customers.  Feel free to order the carne asada yelp... It's Excellent.
5	My girlfriend lives in the area, and we were looking to try something new. I was simply blown away by how fresh and delicious the food was here! It's a family-owned place, which I like supporting, and the owner was one of the nicest guys I've ever met.I had a carne asada burrito with the works, and it blew Chipoltle and Zabas out of the water. There's really something to be said about fresh ingredients.My girlfriend has their fajitas meal, and not only was it very tasty, the plate was popping with color! The peppers were were bright and flavorful and when mixed with the rice, chicken, onions and cilantro, it was simply excellent.Oh, and the prices were astonishingly low! I know it sounds like I'm gushing, but this place redefined my expectations of quick Mexican food in LV.I only wish I lived closer to this place, but I'll certainly be heading back when I'm in the area!
4	Tried this place last Thursday after attempt to two other Mexican restaurant failed.My friend wanted Mexican food, so we went to La Cosina first.  When we arrived at 7:44pm, the waitress informed us that we can only do to food.  We wanted to dine in so we went to El Mexicano on eastern.  They were out of business.  Then I remembered that there was a mexican restaurant super close to where my friend lives, so we made a loop back to where he lives. We walked in and realize that El Picante closes at 8:30, and it's already 8.  My friend ask the person in front (we think he is the owner) if we may dine in.  He said "Oh, it's still early!"  I thought he was like the nicest person.Food-Pork Tamales:  I have been looking for a good tamales for quite some time, and I found it here.  The pork has so much flavor inside of these corn meal.  -Three chicken taquitos topped with shredded cheese, guac, pico, served with your choice of black beans or refried with rice.  Yummmyyy.Service:Freakin AWESOME!
1	My fiance and I just moved here from So Cal and had a Mexican food craving. I searched El Picante on Yelp and read to the reviews. I thought for sure this place was going to hit the spot. I thought wrong. Big time. This place gives Mexican food a bad name. We could have had a more authentic meal at Del Taco. First off the food is not fresh. I ordered one chicken and one beef taco. While the white man (i guess the owner) started making mine, my Fiance peeked in the back of the kitchen and noticed bags of meat. After we were unable to hear the cleaver and the knifes cutting up the meat in the back or no meat on a skillet or BBQ , He told us there is a new batch of beef coming up . We looked at the meat and was horrified. It was all packaged pre-seasoned meat. This meat wasn't even touched by this restaurant. came right out of a bag into the tray.  Probably from Cisco or Costco. Very shameful to call them selves a Mexican restaurant! even worse the two "chefs" in the kitchen were Latino and serving this stuff! what would their parents or grand parents think. I think the owner needs to toss the packaged ingredients and take a trip to So cal and see how its really done. Places like this give Mexican food such a bad influence. I will keep looking for a real authentic Mexican restaurant !
3	I eat Mexican at least five times a week so I am glad this is near by. Still, I wish they would step it up a notch. The concept is traditional mexican served fast food style as in chipotle or cafe Rio. Love it! Mexican for me should be quick and easy. Being able to customize is awesome too! But the food isnt the best-compared to fast food or authentic. Rice is bland. Choice of beans. All the toppings including a good pico de gallo.  Have to ask if you want your chesse melted. The only thing keeping me from moving in is the salsa. More tostitos in a can than the delicious, runny, cilantro infused salsa great places like el patron (check them out!) have. Even worse its served in small cups. I would need at least 20 to suffice my salsa craving. The service is great and the guy very nice but I doubt he would oblige.  Great spot to eat and run but not sure its worth special attention.
3	El Picante is closed it is now a Fausto's Mexican Grill. Was so happy to see Fausto's to move into the neighborhood but not as good as Anthem location.
