2	I came here for their friends and family event, and while I typically wouldn't write about it since it was virtually gratis and it is their start-up week, I didn't even see potential in this place (I went to Bourbon Steakhouse for a similar type of gratis event, and it fucking rocked... I refuse to review them yet because I know I'll be back when they will actually be in operation). As a matter of fact, the only recurring thought I could muster during the entire meal (which, mind you, lasted just under 3 hours) was:What the hell?First bad experience here: sitting on the toilet, as a 5'9" woman, my feet were dangling. Bizarre. And the stalls are very looney-bin-esque... sterling silver from top to bottom with no obvious ventilation or way out if someone locks you in (yes, paranoid is the word you're searching for). Second: The chairs are beyond uncomfortable, but wouldn't be so awful if I hadn't had to endure such a long-lasting meal (note to restaurants: this long-lasting concept? Good for relationships and, like, gum. Not so much for supper).Third: I've had better food at pretty much anywhere that charges even a fraction of what this place does. It was kind of outrageous, but I didn't begin a violent rampage because, as mentioned, they were buying.Four: Our wait time in between dishes averaged at about 15 minutes from picking up the dirty plates to dropping new ones. This isn't accounting for how long it took for them to clear our table, despite the 9842759873 servers, bussers, sommeliers, and bartenders milling around (I'm not even counting the armada of hostesses). I can see many a Scottsdale douchebag or Eurotrash enjoying this place, but it's probably because (pardon me for being caustic) they haven't recovered their taste buds from last night's coke binge.Sidenote: Our server was awesome. That said, he'll probably find something better very shortly.
4	I must first start off by saying i did not pay for a single thing on the opening night of this new joint.  i have read the reviews of others indicating the prices are steep.  but i must say the food was fantastic.  the cod, the tuna, the lamb chops (i think it was lamb), the seared meat, the dessert (o my gosh).  the lobster dumplings, the chicken on skewers, the asparagus sticks, everything was more than satisfactory.   infact, i have not eaten such fresh fish in a long while here in town.  i did not drink too much which kept me far from the bathrroms...I am not 5 foot 9 and i am paranoid so perhaps this was a good thing?the atmosphere was clean...the food was good...and i don't do coke NORMA ;-)
5	Roka Akor was simply amazing.  The decor, including granite walls and unique wood everywhere; as well as how the restaurant/bar is set-up, was extremely nice to be in.  The food couldn't get any better.  Everything was so fresh.  Since all the portions are small sized and meant to be shared, I was able to try a lot of items.  The butterfish sashimi was my favorite.  Although the shrimp, lobster dumplings, vegetables, black cod, spicy tuna roll, chicken and steak were also amazing.  The chocolate cake for dessert had a funny color green center, but tasted delicious.  The bar had lots of fun drinks on the menu and the bartenders sliced the ice from an ice block that was sitting on the bar.  The service was great as far as knowledge and friendliness and given it was the first weekend they were open, I didn't even really notice that some things took a while to come out, because I really enjoyed sitting at the robata bar and watching the chefs cook as well as speak Japanese.  Roka Akor is definitely a new, fresh approach to dining in Scottsdale.
4	Like Jared, I have to say that I didn't pay for the evening.  It was Yelp sponsored.  I did notice that it is pretty pricey if you are footing your own bill.We were provided a selection of 5 different items, and all were delicious.   Some were presented better than others, but all were wonderful.  They served crispy fried squid with lime in bowls a little larger than soup cups.  There was a half a lime, and a little jalapeno slice in there too. Other than the garnish. it only had a hint of spice.  Not too much.  The next plate was soft shell crab sushi rolls.  Those were a big hit.  They served steamed pork and scallop gyoza that were tasty as well. The chicken skewers with leek were very nice.  They had a crispy edge that set them apart from others, but would still be a good choice if you are there with picky eaters.  My favorite of the evening was the butterfish tataki with white asparagus.  It was a most delicate fish with just a touch of ginger in the shallot dressing.The decor is clean and comfortable.  The comfortable couches and chairs are perfect for hanging out with lots of friends, or for pulling off in the corner for a romantic evening with just one....The staff was very attentive.  I also want to add that the valet parking guy was charming, and really fast to retrieve my car.I would go there again with friends to share some little dishes and wine.
4	I was here for the Yelp event and from what I saw and sampled I liked.  The apps we ordered were good, except for the calamari which had way too much ginger.  There should have been a sauce to cut it with.   We only sampled a small part of the sushi but it was well done and I would like to try more.  The mixed drinks were great.The space is light and airy, just like the best Japanese places I've dined at (Morimoto, Nobu....however, the cusisine, while good, is not at that level). The larger menu seems inviting and our service was fantastic.  Looking at the menu, prices aren't that far off from various Japanese places of that scope (not necessarily in the Phoenix area), and perhaps even cheaper.Its not like other Japanese places in the Valley. Its not your average sushi place.Oh, and the complimentary valet was a nice and unexpected touch.
4	Pleasantly surprised... that's how I would describe my experience at this posh Mid-North Scottsdale Asian inspired restaurant. I was here for a Yelp event, so money wasn't an issue... price seems to be a deterrent for many people, but honestly - we had 5 menu items and two drinks each, and the bill was below 80 bucks for both of us (it was free, but we asked how much it would've been). That's pretty reasonable. We was expecting it to be much more. The ambiance was pretty fancy-pants... a little too fru-fru for my tastes, but it was nice inside. Great wood-top bar with clean lines and modern touches inside. The evening started out very bright and well-lit and then during service the lights turned down to suit the mood. Outside, the building is unassuming and dull like any other shitty NoSco strip mall looking thing, but inside is a much different story. It's an open and airy space. On to the food... holy shit. Fucking delicious. I would've ordered none of what I ate - ever. None of it pleases my pallet on paper, but I was brave and popped it all into my mouth and enjoyed every scrumptious bite. Our server happened to be fantastic, but our friends had a different experience. I think your mileage may vary here as far as service goes, but the food is very good. By the way... I peeked into the bathroom, and I have no idea how a 5'9" woman could sit on a toilet here and her feet wouldn't touch the ground - that's absurd. This probably won't ever be my first or second or third choice for a place to go for a good meal and a drink, but honestly I may consider going here sometime even if I have to pay. My biggest problem with the place would be that I wouldn't know what to order. I liked that we didn't really have a choice in this particular case. I don't know who this place would appeal to... because it's really not meant for people like me. I'm more at home at British Open Pub (which is where we went afterwards), but judging by the non-yelper crowd there, I would say wealthy Scottsdale and Paradise Valley people in the area between 30 and 60 would really enjoy this joint. Maybe the crowd changes to younger folk on the weekends. But even though it's not my kind of place, I had a good time and would recommend it to someone who asked if it was good.
4	London, Hong Kong, Scottsdale, people.  Yes, somehow our locale has scored enough to have this latest Roka outpost.  However, in case you didn't notice, Roka Akor is a palindrome.  Yes, I'm a word nerd.  But the food, service and atmosphere here are anything but nerdy.I brought my friend and her vacationing Snowbird parents here and we had a great time.  The comped food and drink here ran the gamut, from delicious butterfishwhite asparagus sashimi to chicken skewers and pork and scallop dumplings, which were our favorite.  But seriously, of the five appetizer dishes and lychee martinis and French white wine nothing disappointed.  $370 for seven people was steep for my budget, but this is the sort of place my parents would like and would patronize.  I recommend it for that for sure.  Loved the space, even the distinctive restrooms.  The highlight here was the large and airy looking floor-to-ceiling wine collection behind glass cases.The service here was extremely professional and in case you didn't notice (according to my friend Maya) the women servers here all dress and serve in 4-inch heels.  Damn Gina.
5	I can't wait to come back!  I was here for the yelp event also and was so impressed with Roka Akor.  I won't go into much detail about the food since everyone else has described them quite well.  My favorite was the butterfish tataki... my mouth is watering just thinking about it.   The food was excellent, the service was flawless... you would have never guessed that it has only been open a month.
4	I second everything Max A said. This isn't my type of place, although I didn't feel out of place here. I'm sure their target audience is a much more refined sort of person, with alot of expendable income. Plenty of "suits" came in, while I was partaking of delicious fare at the bar. This place borders on "stuffy" when you see so many suits scattered around. It's almost like a hush-hush library vibe. Would one dare to laugh exuberantly here, or would you fear being shushed? Don't get me wrong. The decor and atmosphere are gorgeous. Presentation is top-notch. The food is delicious and offers a new dining experience - atleast it did for me. If you go, you MUST try the glass maze, made of shochu, lychee juice and ylang-ylang. It may be the ONLY reason I'd come back. That's not to say anything else is sub-par or bad. It's just, like I said before, not my type of place. Not even for a special occasion. I don't know. I get the feeling this place will be successful, though, considering the "type" of patrons I saw here. We even saw a Hillary Clinton look-alike in the bathroom. Not even a nod of acknowledgment. Not even a terse flip of the upper lip to feign indifference. Well then. I guess she didn't find my Paul Frank St. Patrick's Day shirt to be cute. I wonder, though, if i weren't among Yelpers, if the service would have been as great? I wonder if I would have been treated with indifference and an air of causality reserved for house cats? Well, since I can't vouch for that (I only got the impression it would happen), I will give Roka Akor 4 stars. (I'm feeling generous after the Yelp event.)
4	I was there for a Yelp event and it was great.  I food & service  was really good.  I would recommend this restuaurant to anyone in the area.
4	I was lucky enough to be able to attend the Yelp Event here. I Loved the classy but comfortable feel of the restaurant, definitely the kind of place I like to hang out, not to say that I don't like to hang out at place unlike this, but I really enjoyed the vibe going on here.Maybe it was just the Yelpers, maybe not, I'll have to go back on my own to know for sure.We had Ace Service from the Bar Chief Carson. He makes a mean batch of Shochu! Try it you'll Love it!The Food we ate was Delicious,The items we tried were not necessarily something I would have ordered on my own but with our pre-fixe Yelp menu we were served a generous assortment of appetizers,my favorite was the butter-fish tataki and calamari. (see pics)I didn't get a chance to look at a full menu to see what else they offer, but I thoroughly enjoyed the selections we were gifted.I would likely return to sit at the bar or lounge and enjoy those appetizers again.Where did that star go?I'll tell ya, The bathrooms(I'm talking stalls here), although very clean and modern, were a little frightening.  Picture if you will a prisonesque airplane bathroom enclosing you in stainless steel , with no escape and no one will hear you scream.OK so just make sure you don't go by yourself and you'll be fine!
4	What a fabulous venue for yet another fabulous yelp event. From the valet to the restrooms. From the vast modern space to impressive and friendly service. And the food! Oy Ve (that's Japanese for yummy)...Ika FuraiAge Watari GaniAbura Bouzo No Tataki Shiro Asparagus ZoeButaniku To Hotate No GyozaYakitori-Negima YakiOK. Admit it. You know asparagus. But what about the rest? Well, you'll have to check out Roka Akor to find out. Cuz I'm not spilling it. My fave was the Abura Bouzo. Buttah! Like a big stick of buttah! I could have chowed down several more. And then several more. Light and airy with clean lines and muted tones, this is contemporary asian at its best. Origato. Dori Ori Gato Mr. Roboto.
4	Here's why I love thee:1. Minimal decor...so hip, so modern, so easy to clean.2. The bartenders are cute. They possess an inner suave without even trying. They're shy but in that "you know Ideserve an extra tip from you" way.3. The custard dessert was an unusual blend of Japanese and Western flavors that you're not even sure what hit you because it's so complex.4. The butterfish was just like butta...5.  And the waitresses...they wore 4-inch heels without hesitation. They were fierce...the shoes, too.Will definitely go back, and I will highly recommend to many of my friends.
5	Possibly the best restaurant in Scottsdale - if not all of Arizona. I don't even know where to begin. I just love this place.I came here for a quick lunch and ended up having a multi-course dining experience full of decadent food, eclectic drinks and wonderful service. I think I even got a little drunk. It was 1 PM, so that's always nice. Basically I ate and ate and ate and ate and ate and I can't wait to eat here again.Some highlights:Great lunch tasting menu - also love the a la carte menuLove that there are three kitchens. You can get fresh sushi, salads or yummy hot dishesREAL green tea! Green tea is my favorite drink and I can't stand when inauthentic flavoring is used. Roka uses actual green tea. Yay!The most delicious black cod EVERThe most delicious butterfish EVERThe most delicious asparagus EVER!Lobster dumplingsAn amazingly HUGE and tasty Prawn dinnerGreat sushi - fresh, deliciousA great drink menu including an array of soju drinksInteresting mix of non-alcoholic drinks (apple mojito with no booze)They carry my favorite beer. THANK YOU!Impeccable serviceGroovy looking clean bathroomsBeautiful restaurant - love the atmosphere, dcor...etc***BONUS - I think the table next to us didn't like the restaurant because the menu was too "different." I hate that. If you want crappy food...go to Applebees A-holes! I'll keep Roka Akor to myself.
4	Roka Akor Scottsdale is an extension of the celebrated Roka in London.I attended the opening night and a follow up for lunch the following day. Overall, I was impressed with the offerings of fresh sushi, and robata grilled tidbits. The dish that really won me over was crab hot pot and the creamy rice was absolutely zoftik.I drank many fresh sochu  infused cocktails, and crushed three bottles of sake with skilled Kikisake-shi, Sayaka Watanabe. This Japanese sake sommelier is London-based and the zuma-roka group sake trainer. They do have a fantastic sake selection. Easily the best in Scottsdale. She loved my sake brand I created with Midorikawa called Green River, and my low alcohol brand sake, Koide, as well.They also have a great Italian Sommelier named Alessandro Marchesan, who is also based out of London. Too bad they are only loaner personnel from HQ in London.The room is clean and beautiful with post modern Asian inspired lines. The staff is eager and young, but quite unskilled in refined service.  I am sure that will be a long cycle for the Roka management to fix. I have a dear friend who dined there on her birthday. She told me the service was "shockingly bad." She then reiterated that is was,  "so bad that it was entertainingly bad!" The food great and hopefully the service will match soon. Kanpai, Roka..kudos on your sake program.
4	I must say that I have been excited to go to Roka months ago when i learned that it was coming to Scottsdale.  I have friends in London that really like the place...So I finally had the opportunity to go to  Roka Akor last night... I walked in and it is beautifully decorated.  The smell from the Robatayaki grill,was a bit strong (yes, I am suffering from allergies) but I manage and find the place quite enjoyable.The bartender gave us tastings of the fresh sochu  infused cocktails...Lime, pineapple, raspberry and honeycomb.  Honey comb was my favorite!  What I liked was the small plates enough to share and to give you a taste of the food.....But I must say a little disappointed with the food.  Maybe I had too high of an expectation.  Here is what we had:- Lobster and Abalone dumplings - good, but i found the Abalone to be a bit chewy.- Calamari- tasty but a bit over fried...didn't get the flavor of the squid.  - Robata grilled eggplant - DELICIOUS!! - Tuna Tartar - SO good I loved the raw quail egg and caviar and how they made me mix it together. One tiny cracker accompanied the dish. A bit overpowering with the mustard...and it took 30+minutes to come to the table - Soft Shell Crab roll - okay, I liked that they used Kimchi in the roll, and it didn't overpower the roll.- Black Cod - this was yummy, but there is a place down the street that i find there black cod to be a bit better.  I did like the presentation!I am not sure if I am being hard on Roka Akor, maybe I was just so excited to get there and reading everyones reviews...I know that I will be going back.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere and I would like to visit on the weekend and try some more food and have a sochu!
5	Superior dining experience in a stunning Japanese-inspired interior.Where to begin? Why not the bathrooms: the walls in the bathrooms are entirely swathed in tan, textured granite. The countertops have a rounded, raw Nakakima-style lip and the tops are unfinished in a nod to pure nature. Even the grout surrounding the goddamn urinal is flawless.Step outside into the main restaurant and you'll find a very large robata style grill with European guys pushing out beautiful, flawless grilled dishes that smell like heaven. For fun, sit at the grill in mid-century, tan leather chairs and take it all in. Feel your mouth agape as you watch lobster-sized Madagascar shrimp being grilled, sliced, and sent out like pictures in a frame.My food was excellent and service was attentive and professional. One of my all-time favorite dining experiences.
2	I had heard all kinds of good things about this place, so I was dying to try it.   I have to say that I was terribly disappointed in the food...especially for the price.I had:- black cod - unsuccessful derivative of a similar dish at Nobu.  tasted a bit fishy.  flavor was ok but a little bland.- wagyu beef rolls (sp?) - they said this won sushi of the year in London.  i thought it was just ok at best.  too salty and very little taste of beef.  asparagus - this was very good but i could easily make this on my own grillthe portions were also very very small, which is probably to be expected but still.  the decor is great though and service was ok...just ok.anyway, i think they are going to have to try a good bit harder if they want to continue to operate this way.  people will start to realize that the food just isn't very good.
4	Moe saved the night!I had to try this place...after hearing amazing reviews...So after waiting 45 minutes for a table (even though I did make reservations for 8pm) we finally got our table.  (I know that a lot of you like the decor...I just wasn't feeling it...a little too basic for me)  After being seated..it took another 20 minutes to have the General Manager come over to ask us if we have been asked for drinks yet.  I replied that nobody has even greeted us yet.  He took our drink order (I got this Pomegrante and Sunflower Iced Tea...which was AMAZING...weird since I HATE flavored tea) and he even took time to explain the menu to us.  Since we still didn't have a server yet, the GM (now I know his name is Moe) took our orders and even offered suggestions. We ended up with (I wish I wrote down the actual names of the dishes) Shrimp Tempura (out of this world), Cucumber Roll with this amazing plum sauce, this tasty salmon roll with asparagus, beef skewers, and scallops that were AWESOME with this AWESOME mayonaise in the center.  Of course since their servings were extremely small and my friend Karla and I were sharing...I needed some dessert.  I got the Strawberry and Honey Chawan Mushi with Apple Pear, Passion Fruit, and Banana.  First of all, it looks like salsa, the way the fruit was chopped up.  Then I tasted it.  Ewwww....not good at all.  Moe felt bad, knowing that we had to clean our palattes...so gave us vanilla sorbet and green tea ice cream instead...on the house and even took off the other dessert.Moe Rules!I didn't find the place to be too pricey...I have been to worse.  I even played a game with my friend about guessing the price.  She guessed $78....and I said $ 57.63.  I didn't even add up anything in my head.  The bill came out and it was $ 57.85.  (My friend thought I had some amazing psychic powers...)Food 5 stars...well for dinner.  I won't even comment on the dessert, because I knew that I should have gotten the Flan....I should give it 2 stars for service...but like I said...their new General Manager Moe...saved the day.  He was awesome!  Moe rocks.
5	I cannot wait to go back here again on a Friday night, specifically at 9:30 which is when I heard they do their fancy ice machete show. We (me and 5 of my friends) spent a lovely Sunday afternoon at Roka Akor.  It was the launch of the hottest new beauty magazine, Runway.It's international but housed in Scottsdale and the Fashion Director is my friend Susan Di Staulo.  They had two fashion shows in the main dinning room featuring clothing from local boutiques. They brought samples to our table all afternoon and everything I tried was fabulous. The calamari was to die for! It was some of the best calamari I've ever had. I'll admit I like my calamari lightly battered with no added zing, and lots of lemon. This calamari had some subtle spices added, I couldn't quite figure out what the flavors were but it was delicious. Definitely not too much, AND they were lightly battered! The scallops were excellent and so was the spicy tuna roll.The decor of the restaurant was sleek, modern and eco friendly. Their bathrooms were amazing and had two different flushing buttons. My friends and I assumed they were for #1 and #2... save water with #1...?The colors of the restaurant were warm and inviting and the drinks were excellent! We had bellini's with saki and a mixed berry juice. So wonderful. We also had saki and white wine...Like I started this review off, I cannot wait to go back!!
5	This is most definetly the best restaurant in all of AZ!!!For one, they do not use any preservatives or hydrogenated oil. If you are someone that refuses to eat that garbage that is banned in multiple countries than you dont know how hard it is to find a place that wont use it in their food.Even Cheesecake factory uses it( I ban them now)The food is very crisp and clean, so clean you can taste many different flavors in their food.I usually give sushi places the spicy tuna test. You can tell a lot by a places tuna. Eat a piece w/o soy, if there is no fish flavor the fish is a higher cleaner quality.The spicy tuna there is ridiculous how good it is. I also really enjoy the Crispy Prawn roll. Usually not something I would pick but the person I was with did. Boy was that a good thing. It is very good. They have a dessert there with flowers and rasberry. I dont remember what its called but it is immaculate.Starters  butter-fish tataki and calamari Soo damn good. MOST PLACES LOOK LIKE REALLY NICE RESTAURANTS, LIKE  SAPPORO, BLUE WASABI, AND RA.... BUTT ALL THOSE RESTAURANTS FOOD TASTE LIKE CRAP!UNLESS YOU HAVE HAD SOME QUALITY SUSHI YOU PROBABLY WILL THINK THOSE PLACES ARE GOOD.TAKE THE TEST GO TO ROKA AND YOU WILL NEVER BE ABLE TO EAT THAT GARBAGE DISPOSAL FOOD AGAIN!!NOT TO MENTION THAT FOR ONCE YOU WONT HAVE THE SHITS!!ITS ON INDIAN BEND AND SCOTTSDALE P.S. THE DUCK IS OFF THE CHAIN!
4	Ok, here is the setting: It is Friday July 4th, my new roommate (an old old friend) and I decided to go to Taliesin West to watch the fireworks.  We get there and what I think was the first full blown Monsoon of the season is in full blast. My roommate, who was never dainty till then, announced that she was not getting out of the car and running 50 yards in the rain. I said fine let's go to Roka Akor for dinner as I have been there about 5 times and the food is worth every penny, the lamb is my favorite dish and I love the Scallops! If you know me you know that is saying a ton since I don't eat much seafood.That said:The service was another story. My dinner date and I ordered the green tea lava cake (I forget the actual name) and were informed that it would take 15 to 20 minutes by our at times inattentive waitress. It felt at times like we had to shoot someone to get drink refills.  Because of this we ordered some ice cream/ sorbet to nibble on in the meantime figuring 3 scoops of ice cream on a block of Ice in a slow restaurant would take 5 minutes. IT TOOK 15! When we finally got the ice cream we ate it and 10 minutes later still did not have the cake. When pressed on the time table the waitress informed us the the "pastry chef had dropped your cake and it will take another 15 minutes". I smell something you find in a disc in a field in the mid west. It is brown and when it dries you can throw it!At this we promptly canceled the order and asked for our bill. While the Ice Cream was made Gratis I expect a much higher level of service from a restaurant that expects me to shell out upwards of $200 for dinner. The food warrants the price, the service did not.Oh and a little extra... They have canceled lunch service for the summer.
4	I had the duck again and it was very gamey. I couldnt eat more than a bite.The black cod was very good, but for some odd reason the first bite was really bad. I almost didnt take another bite. The calimari is super super good, it was squishy and not like any other ive ever had. Vegetable tempura was pretty dissappointing.The butterfish is something I could eat for eternity! It is super amazing.The miso was bad.All of the starters are amazing
4	Ok, I went again last night and tried a few new things. I had the Tuna Tataki Starter it was really realy good. Tried the pork dumplings they were actually really gross I brought them backthen my usuals that I love.
5	Honestly some of the best food I have had in a long time.  My husband and I eat out a lot, but as people often do, we get stuck going to the same places.  So this time we tried the Roka, it was delicious.  I am not a huge connoisseur of Sushi or Japanese dining overall, but if you're new, they help you choose some of their signature dishes and your old favorites are to die for. We were able to get out of there for just over $100...but we drank a lot of wine, so that helped our bill push the $100 mark :)
5	Here's a little recap of our Saturday night at Roka Akor.Reservation @ 9pm for an entourage of 5, and we were seated in 1 of their 2 ten-people private dining rooms (the 2 rooms can be connected for larger groups). The contemporary decor is just as beautiful as one would expect from a high-end restaurant: spacious, warm red-wood floor with light brown leather chairs, huge open kitchen and a separate bar area. Our private dining room features elm-wood on 1 side (which artistically disguise numerous storage shelves.), and red mud wall on the other.The menu was... big. After spending 10 minutes flipping pages, picked a couple selections here and there, then forgot what we had chosen at the first place, we gave up and asked for suggestions. I'll try to recall everything that we ordered. Octopus Salad, Lamb cutlets, Duck breast, Short ribs, Rice hot-pot, Chicken on skewers (Yakitori), Sashimi platter (3 kinds), Spicy chicken wings, Grilled mushroom (I think it was Hiratake mushroom), Vegetable tempura.Octopus salad and Grilled mushroom were on Chef's Choice menu. The salad was very refreshing, herb-y and sour, great to start off our dinner. The mushroom was blander, but balanced out our high-protein dishes.The lamb and ribs were just fabulous, and you just have to try them to believe. The meat was cooked to perfection, but the sauces and spices brought them to a whole different level. Our taste buds were in heaven.Sashimi Chef's selection were just common ones (ours came out with salmon, yellowtail and tuna) but they were fresh. As a frequent to Japanese restaurants for a few years now, this is the 2nd place in the valley that I've had such fresh sashimi. AND this place uses FRESH wasabi!!! 99% of Japanese restaurant in the valley uses powder wasabi. Roka Akor uses wasabi roots, which is less spicy but much more flavorful. Just from seeing this, I knew I was at the right place for sushi.I didn't get to the Duck breast as my friends finished them all, but the side of fresh mango with Japanese herb was... "unexpectedly aromatically" yummy (that's the only way I can describe it). We ordered Rice hot-pot to have some carb in our dinner. It was delicious, but frankly a bit salty. It is definitely A LOT for 2 people. The yakitori and wings were alright, since they're just chicken. The sauces again were beautifully done but it's hard to impress me with chicken dishes. Vegetable tempura was just to have some veggie, nothing special.***Now to the drinks, we got a bottle of Azure sake. Roka Akor is the only place in AZ carries Azure. It's lighter and fresher than common sake, has a delicate scent and light fragrance. It is, indeed, a very special sake, made from a natural spring in the bottom of the Pacific Ocean - yes, from the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. Not easy to do, but very pure water, the secret to this famous sake. Only a limited amount can be collected during the year.I wish I had room to order deserts, instead, a desert wine to end the night on a sweet note.The service overall was equally amazing. I don't think our luck of "landing" the private dining room had anything to do with it, but I will go back there soon to find out.Contrary with other reviewers, the dishes while not huge like those at, say, Buca Di Peppo, they are not as small as people think.  Price-wise, it is pricy. Thus, the bigger your group, the better since you can try different dishes and not max out your credit cards.
2	This place is for those that just want to waste money. I went there and although the place is classy. The portions are small for the high prices they are asking and I just left feeling like I was still hungry. I went there with a large group of people and we all had separate tabs but for what you pay I was unsatisfied all together.Nice place and well decorated but I did not pay just for the atmosphere. I will go to other places before I come back to Roca Akor which I don't see being anytime soon. Thumbs down in my eyes.
5	AWESOMEWe went here for restaurant weekAWESOMEI had the butterfish app, spicy filet entree, and strawberry melon dessertOMGSOOO GOOOOOD!!!!I'll totally come back to this place.  I love.
5	WOW!  This place is amazing.  I went here for my birthday dinner, and couldn't have asked for a better, more memorable, beautiful and extremely tasty experience.  Roka Akor is a beautiful place, very well decorated.  It's a wide open space, and not crowded with tables, so it did not feel full at any point, and we could have conversation easily. It being our first time at a japanese restaurant, of this type, our waitress walked us through the menu and their process.  She told us about the restaurant and it's style of service, and had us order 3-4 dishes per person (there were three of us) to all share.  She also gave us some suggestions. SO SO GOOD!   The food was spectacular!  The butterfish tataki was melt-in-your-mouth, the giant (and I mean a foot long) Japanese prawn was buttery and so yummy, my roll and sashimi extra fresh and OMG good!  The rice hot-pot with mushrooms was like mushroom risotto, but so much better, the grilled asparagus was fab and the black cod - since I think I've used up all my adjectives, I'll just say WOW again.
3	I had been contemplating between 2 and 3 stars and decided to go towards higher end. Here is the scoop: We went there last night for a little get together, were greeted and seated in the small private room. So far so good. We had been explained their menu and sake selection. Still, alright. So, we go ahead and try to order a bottle of sake, but 5 min later turns out its unavailable. humm.. Ok. We order a different kind but 5 min later turns out its all gone as well. Bleahh... Ok, fine. We order some drinks instead. However, a few min later guy named William shows up and brings us a bottle of Rin Sake on the house as an apology. WOW That is nice!! So, we drank our our drinks and ate our rather uninteresting sushi and rolls. Then bill showed up and guess what??? There is $94 of extra charges!!! Yep, they included complimentary bottle and another one we talked about but never got. OUCH!Yes, they sure took it off. But that was a big and unpleasant souring moment. I do not know if they intended to hide those charges or it was an accident, but i am sure glad that one of us was paying attention to the bill. Totally not interested to comeback, i got better sushi place right around the corner.
5	What a terrific experience from start to finish, minus like two things.The atmosphere is very cool. A couple of things I really liked was the way they get ice at the bar. No cubes, just a block of ice and the bartender makes the cubes himself. Also, the "wine cellar" is beautiful, not unique but beautiful. Restrooms are awesome, and their private dining rooms are great with a huge 600 year old tree as a table. It is basically an entire tree, as explained by William, the manager. One thing that bothered me almost the whole meal was the lighting, which was very bright. Finally they turned it down at about 8:30 but it felt like a dining hall for a bit there.Monday night apparently is not a busy night for them, as we were one of three tables, and nobody was at the bar or grill. The server we had was definitely very very good, and perfectly attentive, though as he explained the restaurant and specials he was extremely quiet. I had to ask him to repeat himself and he turned it up, for a second, then turned it back down. Whatever. William, the restaurant manager was awesome as well, making me feel like he was privileged to have me there. We decided to just put them in charge and see what we got with both food and sake. The first course, Butterfish, was delicious served with a ginger sauce and  some veggies. Second course of Tempura Rock Shrimp was not my favorite, but good. It had a bit of a Mexican flavor with chile and lime. The Pork Belly came next and this was by far my favorite dish, just absolutely perfectly cooked and very flavorful. I did not care for the next which were the chicken skewers. The main course of Rib Eye was average, and I wanted more pork belly. All of the sakes served to us were great, and dessert was wonderful as well. Foodwise, this was a near perfect evening, with only one dish really being blah, and that was the ribeye.I do hope they get busier soon, as they are going to be in trouble if last night was the norm. It was DEAD. For Phoenix, this is a truly unique dining option. Roka is a great option for dinner before going out to Old Town, or a great spot to get together with friends to celebrate.
4	the boyfriend and I were in Scottsdale for a short weekend trip. We decided to eat here after hearing our good friend raved about their food, esp the black cod. Everything on the menu sounded so great, we went for the 12-course tasting menu so we could try a great variety of items. There was a 9-course menu also, but since we probably won't be visiting Scottsdale again anytime soon, why not splurge?Oh man, every course was divine. A few of the memorable dishes were the butterfish tataki, wagyu beef sushi with caviar, foie gras wrapped in seaweed and served with black squid ink toast, rice hot pot with various mushrooms, and of course the black cod in yuzu miso.By the 8th or 9th course, we were already ridiculously stuffed, so we ended up taking some of the leftover back to the hotel. But even though we were so full, we were still anxiously waiting for the dessert sampler. I thought it was just going to be 2 or 3 different miniature desserts, but boy was I wrong!! We waited a while for the dessert. Just when I was about to ask our server, she brought us spoons, knives, and forks. I looked across the table and saw my boyfriend with same puzzled look - "why would we need all these utensils for the dessert?" And then we saw a guy carrying a boat of dessert, heading our way. It was literally a boat, filled with "exotic" fruits, a chocolate molten cake with green tea lava, scoops of sorbet, and fruit chawamushi with honeycomb and lady finger. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw how much dessert they brought us! Everything was so delicious, esp the lava cake and the chocolate sorbet. The "exotic" fruits weren't exactly exotic to us because we're from california. Anyway, it was the first time that I admit defeat to dessert.Besides the great food, we also received excellent service. I loved the setup and the ambiance of the restaurant, the open robata grill was cool. Another cool thing was that the bartenders chiseled ice blocks themselves. They put one big ice block in each drink, supposedly cools down the drink without melting too fast to dilute it. Good shochu cocktails!!! The only complaint I had was that it was too dark. (only certain seating had good lighting) I wish I could've see my food more instead of trying to guess what each ingredient was.
4	With the sushi wave cresting I was beginning to wonder if anyone in this town knew that there was more to Japanese cuisine than sushi. With restaurants like Ippei and Taneko Tavern failing, the choices for Japanese dining beyond sushi were scarce. Enter Roka Akor.So much to talk about, I'll just hit the highlights. First, the design of the restaurant is amazing. Very contemporary with just the right touch of modern Japanese influence. The Shochu Lounge rocks. The sake selection is extensive and the shochu drinks are inventive thanks to master mixologist Carson Quinn.A friendly staff serves the exceptionally prepared food with as much attention to presentation as mouth-watering flavors. Some of the menu's highlights include the Butterfish Tataki, Black Cod and the spectacularly large Madagascar Prawn. In addition to the grilled delights, the selection of sushi and sashimi is unique with inventive combinations like the Age Watari Gani roll featuring soft-shell crab, cucumber, kimchi and chili mayonnaise.
4	Favorites: King Crab Pot, similar to risotto with fresh crab, grat portions compared to other dishes.  Black cod was amazing as were the side of mushrooms.  Butternut Squah tempura great, just wait for it to cool to be enjoyed!It's great quality and atmosphere.  Not 5 stars in my book due to the price.  We also had a gift certificate, so we were lucky.
5	Have you tried their HAPPY HR yet?  The Ylang Ylang tini is awesome :-)  Tried thier 5 course lunch, everything was yummy: chicken on skewer, grilled asparagus, miso soup, salad, spicy beef, sliced pork, sticky rice, and they served the sherbert on a block of ice. (how "cool" is that?!).  We did run into same situation as rvw below - ordered edamame, they were out, ordered green tea, out, (?!) ordered saki, had to remind on 4th course.  waited forever for bill. (only 3 tables being served, lunch not busy at all). but the overall experience was great, but i like the happy hr @ the bar the best :-)
4	I havent been to Roka in a while so I decided to pop in and check it out. I wasnt starving so I just wanted a few things. I got an order of the calamari which is soo good there. I actually wont eat it anywhere else. It has thin sliced serrano peppers and lime juice. We were greeted after by William the manager I believe. I love that guy, he is soo good at his job. He is the english guy that will come around with the boy like smail asking how everything is. If it would be soo weird I would hug him when I see him. He is soo cute. Anyway he wanted us to try this new dish out which was a perfect gem of a starter.It had the most perfectly seasoned sweet and salty tuna tataki with chared tomatos and mushrooms and asparagas. Let me tell you, I hate mushrooms, even the name makes me sick. I havent eaten a mushroom in a yr at least, every once in a while Ill give it a shot then realize how much I hate them.Anyway I said what the hell and took a bite of one. WTF, this is the first mushroom I have ever liked, it was perfectly smoky and nutty, you know I watch food network all the time and I hear them say mushrooms have a nutty flavor. All I have ever tasted is dirt, but know I actually know what they mean. This new tuna starter will be on the menu after the 1st he told us, and he surprisingly comped us!!!!! We had already planned to try the happy hour menu since we hadnt been there since they made one. So when he took care of the bill I felt a little awekward going to the bar to get more stuff. I hope he didnt think we were trying to freeload, hahaha.  We paid over there anyway. I will for sure not wait soo long to go backoh and I had a non alcoholic  apple mojito, it was awesome and not overly sweet. My only complaint is that they dont have wrapped straws. Most people dont care, but I actually caught a staph infection on my face from a server who I guess was touching there staph wound and then stuck my straw in the drink with hands were my mouth goes. I will never ever leave home with out a sealed straw.
5	I went to Roka Akor over the weekend and WOW!!  The service was phenomenal and the food was even better!!  My date and I shared the shrimp tempura appetizer (which comes with a really tasty chili mayonnaise dipping sauce!), two sushi rolls and their shashimi tasting menu.  It was my first time ever ordering shashimi and I was a bit nervous, but our server convinced me that this was the place to try it...and man was he right!  Sooo good!  We also ordered a round of sake (be careful....it's really potent!), which our server poured for us every time.  We stuck with the basic blend, but will definitely try one of their unique sake flavors on our next visit!Oh ya, and be careful in the bathroom!  There is a full length mirror at the end of the walkway to the stalls that can be very tricky after a round or two!  Enjoy!
5	Where do I begin? The whole experience was amazing! The restaurant and lounge have a relaxed contemporary feel. The service was first rate. When I first looked at the menu I was overwhelmed with choices. Our waiter could sense this and asked if he could assist in our selection. I was very impressed. He knew every item as if he spent 4 years in college getting a B.S. in Roka Akor. The manager came by several times to make sure we were taken care of. He also brought us several complimentary samples of Shochu which were heavenly.Dinner was FABULOUS! The gin tara no saikyo-yaki (Grilled Cod) was so good it should be on the desert menu. I took one bite and I swear I almost had an orgasm. The japanese wagyu (japanese beef sirloin with chili ponzu sauce and fresh wasabi) was so tender it melted in your mouth like butter. The sushi was fresh and portions were very generous. The Sake was so smooth it went down like water.I highly reccomend the experience. Just prepare yourself for the prices. Dinner and drinks ran us almost $400 for two! Still worth every penny!
4	My hubby and I went there totally on a whim because we'd heard all the hype about the Shoshu bar and the food.  Well its all true -- we just loved it.  We were starving when we got there and ordered edamame and a couple of drinks.  I had the Rose Petal Martini which was pretty good - I have no idea what Hubby had...  We did try a round of the Shoshu sampler and some were great (tangerine, and lime were awesome) a couple others were not my fave's but thats life.  Then we ordered a bunch of things:  the butterfish tataki was out of this world, the wagyu beef roll was yummy and a round of sashimi.  The sashimi was the bomb but actually the fresh rice was amazing!  We then got some tempura and some steak which rounded us off.  You need to know that they don't rush you here.  This is a leisurely dinner pace (read: LONG) so plan on that.  We will definitely be coming back.  I'm craving rice and that butterfish!!
5	I have eaten at Roka and had their 5 course lunch and chefs dinner premium tasting menu and all I can say is I'm a huge fan of both.  LunchAt $23.50 the lunch course is an incredible deal and the quality of food is the same you get for dinner.DinnerAmazing.  Multi-course meal, amazing service, and got a special deep fried uni stuffed shizo leaf that was a bite from heaven.Other stand outs:Black codWagyu beef sushi (fantastic)FilletI'm drooling just thinking about it.  I can't wait to go back!Itadakemasu!
5	You will want to make a note of this new "Hip Robatayaki Cuisine" restaurant, ROKA AKOR. Food doesn't get better than this! Native New Zealander Chef Nicholas Watt brings his 16 years of international experience and raving success in London to his first Roka location in the U.S. The handsome Watt roamed the dining room engaging his guests with a genuine boyish charm speaking of his days in New Zealand where his mother cooked with the freshest fish. He wanted to bring that to his restaurants. Study in Toyko and his love of fresh fish make Roka a perfect fit for his talents.   My dining companion Julie and I started out with edamame (v) $3.50: steamed edamame with sea salt, hotate no miso-shiru $5.60: white miso soup with scallop and spring onion and maki rolls. We could have chosen any from about 11 different maki options including kappa maki (v) $3.60: a cucumber and sesame roll, chirashi maki $6.90: spicy sashimi fish selection with spring onion and cucumber, age watari gani $8.60: softshell crab, cucumber, kim chi, and chilli mayonnaise, kankoku fu yaki buta $6.30: korean roast pork loin, shiso and chilli cabbage, california maki $6.30: crab meat, avocado and toblko. But we chose the ebi no atama $7.60: a heavenly combination of crispy prawn, avocado, chilli chrysanthemums and dark sweet soy.  We would have been happy eating these all night! General Manager Jeffrey Berkowitz stopped by our table to welcome us.  All of the staff was obviously trained to the highest level and the service was beyond any you can find anywhere in the world. Executive chef Bjoern Weissgerber directs the symphony of cuisine to perfection. I love how they label vegetarian dishes with a (v). Some diners might be a little apprehensive about experimenting with unusual dishes or flavors. There's no need to fear here. Everything is prepared in such a way as to give your palette a thrill ride to ecstasy! Dishes are on the small side so you can graze through multiple options. Health conscious will find many very healthy low fat opportunities here. Sauces are light and grilling keeps dishes healthy.  The snacks, salads & soups included a wide variety of flavors such as baechu kim chi (v) $4.00: napa cabbage in garlic and hot chilli, butaniku to hotate no gyoza $6.50: pork and golden scallop dumplings, lobster to awabi no gyoza $14.00: lobster and abalone dumplings (I wish I had tried these! They look fantastic!) The gyu no tataki to truffle $14.00: beef tataki with pickled daikon and winter truffle and the abura bouzu no tataki shiro asparagus zoe $12.00: butterfish tataki, white asparagus with yuzu shallot dressing and the maguro no tataki $14.00: tuna tataki salad with apple mustard dressing all piqued my interest as well, but will have to wait for my next visit.  Robatayaki Cuisine relies heavily on the 25 foot long robata Japanese oak charcoal grill which is open to the dining area. Sit at the bar facing the grill so you can watch the dozen or so chefs as they work in unison under the direction of the lead chef who hollars out orders in Japanese and they all respond in a loud crisp retort as if clapping out of a huddle. The robata tradition has been handed down for centuries by Japanese fishermen who cook their daily catch over a charcoal fire and use oars as serving platters. An exceptional ventilation system pulls the little bit of smoke straight up but leaves the room with a warm gentle scent that is very pleasing. Roka Akor dishes look magical in their presentation. The maguro to caviar no tartar, uzura no tamago zoe $12.00: tuna tartar, sevruga caviar and quail's yolk are served in a dish with a boat like sail in a bed of crystal ice. We had the ebi no kushiyaki $32.50: wild jumbo Madagascan prawn with yuzu koshyu chilli paste with... well too many words so continues at azphm .com/ dining .. it's all good!
5	Though I have eaten here quite a few times and always enjoyed it, my husband and I tried something new on Saturday. We attended their first cooking class. For $60 per person and about three hours of our time, we were provided with cocktails, sake, shochu and tea along with snacks and samples of everything we grilled as it was a robata class. We enjoyed lamb chops, black cod, teriyaki salmon, a fish grilled whole, chicken skewers with young leek and a phenomenal steak. I think we all left with full stomachs and smiles on our faces. After the class I asked one of the instructors, Bjorn (who is also the head chef there), how best to prepare scallops and he was kind enough to take me back and show me how. I'm ready now to grill my own at home. The food here is always top notch, everyone working here is helpful and personable and every experience is noteworthy and memorable. Roka says they are considering having more cooking classes in the future so keep your eye out for those if you're interested. It will definitely make for a fun and unique afternoon.
5	This place was incredible.  The staff was friendly, not pretentious, and very knowledgable. I don't know what it was called, but our group ordered a tray which was a sampler platter and had a bit of everything on it.  So fresh!  We also tried the sushi with the caviar on top.  Try the sake that they recommend (flown in from Japan - they are the only ones in PHX that carry it).  I'm not a sake fan but I loved it.  That's how good it was.
2	The place was pretentious as hell. Waitress took forever to get us water and ask for drinks. I got a shiso lime shochu. That was bad, really bad. The pineapple shochu was OK. Got a few rolls, nothing special. Didn't try any of the more signature dishes or a "tasting", but overall I'd say over-hyped.
5	After the disappointment of dining at Quiessence, I decided to try a sushi restaurant in the middle of the desert! Before you all shake your head and laugh, I had checked out their menu and figuring that they also have other branches around the world, they must be doing something right.The restaurant is located out on N Scottsdale Rd and has ample parking. The interior of the restaurant is big and airy, unlike its London counterpart, which has tables crammed up together. There is a bar area where they carve the big pieces of ice on which the fresh fish is served. The main restaurant area is dominated by the open plan robata grill. As I was dining on my own, I chose to sit at the grill to watch/chat to the friendly chefs and to make friends. There was a good buzz about the place.I got a shock though when I opened the menu. I had my heart set on having the tasting menu to sample more dishes but the tasting menu was for a minimum of 2 people. Being the USA where the customer is king (please note, all UK restaurant owners!), I decided to ask the server to find out from the kitchen whether I would be able to have the tasting menu on my own as I had come all the way from London. I was so pleased when the server returned with a positive answer.Well, the generosity of the restaurant knew no bounds. I am sure that they served me the equivalent amount of food for 2 people with double portions of everything. I was starting to panic as the never-ending sea of food kept flowing out of the kitchen - I hate to return uneaten food to the kitchen but there was no way I was going to be able to eat all of it. Fortunately, I made friends with the diners on either side of me and between us, we did manage to eat it all.Having had some misgivings about eating sushi in the middle of the desert, I found out from the chefs that all the food is specially flown in, mostly from abroad, so even the London branch would be getting its fish from Japan rather than Billingsgate.Once service started, dish after dish just flowed out of the kitchen, all beautifully presented.1. Butterfish tataki - lovely delicate fish which possibly needed an accent like ginger.2. Spinach salad with peanut dressing - refreshing.3. Rock shrimp tempura with chilli mayonnaise. Very light batter enclosing just cooked shrimp.4. Premium sushi including my favourite melt in your mouth toro. Mmmmmmm.5. Wagyu gunkan with caviar. My only disappointment of the menu. I think the flavour of the super expensive beef was wasted in this preparation. Was even hard to tell it was beef. I appreciate the expense but perhaps they could do a different preparation.6. Spicy tuna roll. Lovely.Then came the robata grilled dishes.7. Sweet potato. Was a bit sceptical that it would cook enough on the grill but it was lovely and crispy.8. Black cod. Which Japanese restaurant doesn't have a version of this dish popularised by Nobu? Still wonderful with large flakes of white fish accompanied by that lovely sweet sticky sauce.9. Lamb chops with Korean spices. Huge meaty chops but moist and tender.10. Rice pot offered with vegetables or king crab. Had to be the crab though I was ready to explode by this stage! This was something new that I have never seen before. Probably best described like Japanese risotto where the crab was mixed into creamy rice and a generous amount of tobiko added some pops. There was an incredible depth of flavour that I suspect comes from a proper stock.Last but not least and I'm afraid I may have actually laughed out loud when dessert arrived. It was the most fabulous looking and enormous dessert selection served on a block of ice. I can't actually remember what was on there - my stomach may have been telling my brain to abort at this stage! However, I had a taste of everything and like the rest of the meal, it was divine.So top marks to Roka Akor for flexibility and their generosity for feeding me and my 2 impromptu dining partners. I was happy to escape the fate of the exploding man in Monty Python's Meaning of Life sketch ('just a little wafer, monsieur') but it was the quality of the food, not its quantity which captured my stomach's praise.I was able to chat to the Scandinavian head chef later, who extracted a promise from me to go and try the London branch and let him have my honest opinion. Well, Scottsdale wins, guys! You have a more spacious restaurant, more friendly staff, amazing flexibility in customer service and more generosity with the dishes (London's 'premium' menu sushi selection only included salmon, tuna and yellowtail - no sign of any toro) And to achieve this in the middle of the desert!
4	Truly Outstanding Sushi and Sashimi fit for a special occasion.Too pricey to be a regular haunt.
5	I loved my time at Roka Akor.  The service was great, the food was just about perfect and the dining room is beautiful.  I've got nothing but good things to say.  If you are in Scottsdale and love Japanese food, you shouldn't miss this.  DONT go to places like Ra or Stingray.  You'll be disappointed (unless you're 20).  This might be a little bit more expensive, but it's worth it.
2	Took Mom and myself to have dinner here after work on Sunday (4/12).  Nice space.  We were given above-average service when we were seated at the robata counter.  (Actually, it's the level of service I expected given the atmosphere of the restaurant.  Anything less would have been suspect.)  When we had to move to the bar in order to take advantage of reverse happy hour, the service level dropped considerably- more on that later.Since we had arrived around 8:30p, we studied the menus to see what we could try off of the regular sushi options for dinner (the soft-shelled crab) and happily found out that Roka Akor recently started offering, "on a smaller scale," a few robata apps only to be served on Sundays.  I thought what a nice way to be introduced to the robata menu.  I asked the usual questions regarding allergy concerns and asked how certain items were prepared.  I even handed the bartender , Colin, a list of allergens to hand to the chefs.  (Evidently this list was only going to be looked at once, since many of our dishes had to be corrected after delivery.)Off of the robata apps menu, I ordered the shrimps ($5) for Mom and the zucchini ($1.50) and the black cod ($5) for us to share.  Off of the regular sushi menu, I ordered the soft-shelled crab roll ($9 for 5 pcs.) for Mom.  The timing of delivery of these items was haphazard.  It took at least 10 minutes before the plate containing two medium-sized shrimp to arrive.  To charge $6 for two grilled shrimp is just ridiculous!  It did smell wonderful and looked appetizing, but Mom wasn't wowed by them- certainly not at $3 per shrimp!  The soft-shelled crab arrived about 5 minutes after the shrimp did and looked great.  Mom found the rice good enough, but she still wasn't feeling any love.  The plate of zucchini arrived roughly about 5 minutes after the crab roll (that's 20 minutes after I ordered!) and held 5 pcs. of seasoned zucchini (salt, pepper, and soy) and a dollop of mustard sauce at one corner of the plate.  Mom liked the one piece she tried, but as much as I tried to get her to try the mustard, she didn't, so I can't report on that aspect.  So here we were, 5 minutes before happy hour was to commence, and all I had to nibble on were the zucchini pieces... Black cod was nowhere to be found.  Correction, Colin the bartender said he spied it at the robata counter, but did not make a move to retrieve it.  I asked Colin if I could give him my happy hour menu selections (all cost $5 each) so that he may have them ready for entry at 9p?  He took my order of Crispy squid and a salmon roll.  I also ordered two Roka Akor burgers, one without the housemade bun, and instead asked for an extra slice of heirloom tomato as a sub.  Would you believe that the crispy squid (again, only for Mom to enjoy bec. the batter contained *!) and the salmon roll (which arrived with **, which I wrote down on the list as two of my allergens- apparently the chefs did not remember, nor did Colin recall to alert the chefs) arrived before the black cod app?  Anyway, the salmon roll was left for my Mom to enjoy while the chef prepared another, allergen-free, for me.  Before I go on, let me say that Mom LOVED the calamari!!  This was the first dish that wowed her, and she exclaimed that this version of calamari is the best she's EVER tasted and even begged for me to forget about my allergy and try them- they were that good!  But I stood my ground.  I found the salmon to be very fresh-tasting and mild-flavored.  The pea-sized miso-mayo garnish that sat atop each piece was so mild, the roll could have been served without these embellishments and no one would know the difference.  I'd say that the black cod (3 pcs.) arrived at least 45 minutes since the time of order.  At least.  Aren't robata items, esp. seafood, supposed to be quick to cook?  I will say that the cod tasted superb, and I'd order them again.  Well, maybe.  $5 for three small pieces is too much, I think.Last, but not least, to arrive were the beef burgers, one-at-a-time.  Funny, the first burger, which arrived without avocado, but with a bun, so that was quickly returned.  My Mom's burger came, with everything on it, but she didnt' try hers until mine arrived- she was still working on the calamari and the salmon roll.  I liked the beef patty, cooked perfectly to medium rare, although I wished there was more flavor.  Mom's burger looked amazing.  Too bad the lighting at the bar was very minimal (one oil lamp for the both of us until Colin saw me taking photos and lit up another and placed it in front of me, but the fire died down soon after).I hope to return again to see if the service improves (better memory recall and timing of delivery).  I found the ambivalence showed by Colin of the (greater than 30%) tip I'd given him off-putting.  Factored in the price of the comped salmon roll, PLUS tipped based on the burgers original price of $4 each, too.  Hmm... maybe not too soon a return.
5	This place hits a home run with the tasting menu, one of the finest dining experiences I can remember. The service is wonderful, excellent decor, strong drink, what else could one ask for. While I won't bore you with the details of all 10 courses, some highlights included the fried squid, Wagyu sushi (mouth orgasm), and yes, the first course, the heirloom tomatos. The rice dish they serve for course 9 could be done away with, but other than that I can find nothing to complain about. If your a glutten for good food, can stomach dropping $65 pre drink for dinner, and want to walk away with your belt buckle popping, the tasting menu is a must!  Oh yea and don't be one of those douches with a backwards cap on, put some gel in the hair, throw a coat on, and look like your about to eat a nice meal and not about to go to the ballpark (like the tools next to our table).
5	Holy 5-star food, Batman!  We visited this place 2 nights in a row, it was that phenomenal.  The service here makes you feel like royalty.  It is unmatched in the attentiveness and professionalism of the staff.  The sushi is out of some award-winning class of food; trust me, I'm a big sushi fan and have had a lot of sushi at many different places.  The attention to detail given by the sushi chef wins an award.  My husband had some well-prepared Japanese steak dish which he could not stop talking about the next day.  Finally, dessert was fantastic!  We ordered this dessert from heaven.  When you go there, just order the dessert with pop-rocks on top of it.  You will not regret it.  If you want a truly special, unique, polished and out of this world dining experience, visit this place.  You will not regret it.
3	The only reason why I am giving this restaurant three stars was because the food was amazing. Fresh, fresh fish and surprisingly the japanese braised short ribs were to die for. Service however...not so much. Our waitress had trouble listening to us, it was as if every time we asked her a question she want miles around the bush and never answered. She was in her own world and for the money that we paid for our dinner I expected much more! And also, it was extremely DEAD there I mean we got there for a 730pm reservation and left around 10 and im pretty sure it was just us..... CONCLUSION: go for the food well worth it but be prepared to experience not worth it service
5	I was visiting a friend in AZ and despite some other friend's protestations to go to Sushi Roku we decided on Roka Akor instead.  What a great decision!  Both vegetarians and non-vegetarians were amazed at how good this place is!  If you are vegetarian and find yourself in the deserts of AZ you can't go wrong with Roka.Great informative service too!
5	After my 4th amazing visit to this spot, I have to write a review.  Every experience here has been wonderful.  The paito is even really nice, however I perfer sitting in the dining room where you can see the chefs at the robata grill.Here are a couple of things you MUST try:Butterfish TatakiAny of the sushi...especially the Big Eye Tuna and the Tuna BellyWagyu Beef Prime Beef Filet**Hiratake Mushroom drizzled with truffle oil and truffle shavings.  This was seriously the best mushroom I have ever had in my life.  I think this was a special, but ask for it...you won't be dissapointed!**The sake was delicious and they also had a great wine selection.  I chatted with a few men at the bar before we were sat and they boasted the tasting menu.  Once we were sat at an awesome table, we basically ordered enough that it could have been a tasting menu...but loved that we were not limited to certain options.I would also recommend dessert.  We had the dessert platter and it was insane!  3 or 4 fresh sorbets, fresh fruit, and 3 (I think...dammit the wine!) different desserts.  It came on this cool boat packed with ice and flowers...very cool.  However we mainly picked since we were so full from everything else.  Each time I have been, even on Valentine's Day (with no reservations), the service was amazing and the wait staff is always very attentive.PLUS, this place is right next to Terrior (check out my review if you aren't familiar).  So you can hit up Terrior before or after for some wine/cheese and swinger action. ;)  Does it get much better Scottsdale?  I think not...
4	Great place for dinner!  We had an early seating (5:30 on a Saturday night) so the restaurant was pretty empty when we got there.  As a result, service was very attentive.  We ordered a little bit of everything off their different headings.  We got the mushroom rice pot, the pork belly, chef's sashami, sweet corn skewers, chicken yakitori, one of the grilled entrees and dessert.  Everything was fantastic with the exception of the grilled corn.  It was SOOOO salty that it was inedible.  I mentioned it to our server and he just brushed it off - didn't offer to not charge me for it or bring me something else.  But because the rest of the meal was pretty good, I'm still giving it 4 stars.
5	Great food and great quality. Super trendy restaurant with cool interior decor- super chic. I started off the meal with the calamari and it was soooo good. The breading was different from the typical- full of flavor and needed no dipping sauce. It was crunchy and spicy, how I like it. I also got some grilled mushrooms that were super yummy.Then I got various sushi rolls with the white miso soup, all very good.  I sat at the grilling bar and watched the cooks prepare all the meals. I saw them grilled these shrimp that were the size of lobsters ( a must try the next time I go) and I also seen them grill cod in banana leaves and my waiter said it was one of the most ordered items on the menu because it melts in your mouth....I was pissed she didn't mention this before I ordered! lol
5	My husband and I came for the Sushi Master class on Saturday afternoon and left not only knowledgeable, but fat and happy. Class started with mojitos and continued with sake and Japanese beer as we snacked on edamame and calamari and we learned about fileting fish, different types of sushi and sashimi and eventually made our own. We prepared our own butterfish tetaki and California rolls and were served various other sushi and sashimi prepared by the chefs throughout the afternoon. When taking this class DO NOT plan on making dinner plans after because you will be to stuffed to move, let alone eat anything else. Not only is the class a great value for the money but it's a lot of fun and you really learn something new and unique. Roka Akor, you've done it again.
5	Serving what seem to be impeccable service and standards, Roka Akor pays incredible homage to what Japanese cuisine is, was and will be in the distant future. Besides the somewhat shakey service, the food and ambiance are beaten to perfection with the branch of a Bonzai. Even the ice for the cocktails are carefully crafted to fit perfectly into the glass. Every now and then you can see the bartender sawzalling away at big blocks of ice for the drinks including the ones made with their homemade shochu.With a menu full of fish flown in from Japan, I ordered a wide array of their specialties to get a better idea of why Bon Appetit magazine rated this restaurant Top 10 in the nation. I started off with their salad with wasabi ginger dressing. It had a great balance of fresh greens and roasted vegetables. Then came the butterfish tataki. With a clean unobtrusive tone, it would blow the shingles off Roy Yamaguchi on his bestest night. The American side of me flourished next with an order of the chili serrano hamachi roll. Far from anything exotic or novel, it flew under my radar much faster than Flight 447. Without giving up hope, the chef's sashimi selection came with scallop, tuna, and salmon. The freshness and quality was so conspicuous that the only adulteration I could sense was from the molestation it took by the TSA from its recent flight. The food was coming out with precision timing and I was thoroughly enjoying my honeycomb shochu throughout the entire meal. The sweet potato tempura and sweet buttered corn came next. Unfortunately, the sweet potato was of the North American genus that has the orange hue rather than its Asian counterpart with more of the clear hue. The sweet buttered corn made up for the prior disingenuous buffoonery. Much like the butterfish, it was another highlight of the night with its sweet ghee flavor and texture much difficult to execute on a grill. Lastly, the glazed baby back ribs came about. It tasted like it had been slowly cooked for hours. Tender with well-balanced burnt marks, it finished me off with an ending quite more than happy. The dinner was coming to a close and I have to admit I was thoroughly impressed with almost every aspect of this establishment. However, there are two things I'd like to see a change. Find a new source for sweet potatoes and get a water filtration system because the tap water tastes way too tappy. Starbucks has one and they're nowhere near eloquent as Roka. Until next time.
4	Being from San Francisco, I was quite wary of the quailty of sushi that could possibly exist in the middle of the desert.  You can imagine my surprise, then, when the sake sashimi I had was some of the freshest, highest quality fish I'd ever had.  Kudos to whatever delivery/storage system they employ with regard to fish. Miso soup was great, as was the chicken teriyaki entree.  Ironically, cooked salmon entree - not so much. Best part of the meal was dessert, which was this bowl of toffee/peanut butter/chocolate madness with - get this - house-made candied peanuts! It was actually stunning.  This place is definitely my go-to sushi place in Scottsdale...above and beyond Sushi Roku.
5	There is Japanese cuisine in abundance here in Scottsdale, such as Sushi and Teppanyaki, but Roka sets itself apart with its Robatayaki Grill. All the fruits of the earth are prepared in view of the guests.   Steaks, fish, chicken - even the asparagus and stuffed mushrooms - are served charcoal grilled.The name Roka Akor derives from the Japanese words Ro and Ka.  Ro meaning gathering place for people to enjoy a good meal, sake, and company; Ka meaning heat and fire, creating energy.The restaurant has an unassuming feeling of luxury, combined with a more terrestrial flavor.   A distinctive character by virtue of the menu's quality ingredients, the clean lines and high ceilings of the dining and lounge area,  the earthy tones of its decor, and the geotic feel of the serving dishes and plates.From the drinks to the grill, I have been swept away time and time again.  For me, nothing has compared to the Sushi or the Shochu.  Because Roka is also a Shochu Lounge, it is of import to incorporate this into your experience.  Shochu is a distilled spirit which can be made with rice, potato, or barley, and which dates back 6 centuries.  It is similar to vodka, and its many varieties can be used as healing tonics, aphrodisiacs, or energy boosters.  The shochu is infused with herbs or fruits, and served with ice that never melts...H2O minus the oxygen which keeps this melange of pure bliss and succor chilled to the last drop, without melting and spoiling the taste.  On this visit, I enjoyed the Honey as well as the Pineapple.  Absolutely incredible!Spanish Mackerel Sashimi, Hamachi Belly, Buttery Salmon Sashimi, Char-grilled Asparagus with sweet soy and sesame, Zucchini with miso mustard, and cremini Mushrooms with butter and garlic , manila clams with red miso broth and cilantro, Butterfish Tataki wrapped around white aspargus and yuzu, and robata grilled teriyaki, it was culinary fireworks in my mouth.  Down to the details, from the wasabi root being ground at the table, to the artful preparation and presentation of the food, we were swept away.I will come here time and time again for the quality, the richness of the flavors, and the great atmosphere.  Culinary exloration and adventure await - and there is good reason for it being voted one of the top sushi locales in the nation, by Bon Appetit Magazine.Restaurant week will be the perfect opportunity to discover Roka when it offers a three course menu for $25 between July 20th and 28th.Happy Hour:Everyday - 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM and 9 PM to CloseBelow are selections from my favorite HH items:$3 White Miso Soup with Spring Onions$5 Crispy Fried Squid with Chili and Lime$6 ROKA AKOR Butterfish with White Asparagus and Yuzu$5 Fried Soft Shell Crab$7 Wagyu Gunkan with Wasabi Ponzu and Ginger$5 ROKA AKOR Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll$6  Shochu in honeycomb or pineapple$6 wines by the glass or 50% off bottles$3 beers$6 house sake
4	Amazing customer service and sushi. Mediocre robata items. I had the best birthday dinner here about 3 weeks ago. The couple who brought me here had been here 2 other times, so I knew I was in for a treat. We sat at the sushi/robata bar, and since the menu was just so vast, we decided to do the omakase and let our chef bring out what he thought we would like. We told him we wanted to do mostly sushi. The amount of food we got was INSANE. I had never eaten so much in my entire life. The quality of their fish was outstanding. I was really impressed. Here's just a list of the things that we were served: butterfish tataki with white asparagus, beef tataki with a chili ponzu sauce, fried tofu with avocado and wasabi mayo, burnt tomato salad, fried oysters with ponzu and shisho, 2 large toro tuna rolls, 2 kinds of Spanish mackarel sashimi, tuna sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, sea bream sashimi, butternut squash tempura, yuzo marinated black cod, grilled wild Madagascan tiger praws, grilled pork belly, cold soba noodles in broth with quail egg and green onions, baby pork ribs with sweet corn in butter and soy, and grilled Shishito peppers with ponzu and bonito flakes.Are you still reading this?!? We were so incredibly full, and they said they had some lamb cutlets for us too. Unfortunately, we had to turn them down and ask for dessert. Side note: The manager, William, knew we were there to celebrate my birthday, and he actually gave us a traditional shot of japanese sake. The drink was dry, and really smooth and was served in a tall shot glass placed inside a wooden box. It is customary to pour the sake so it overflows into the box for prosperity. When done sipping on the shot, you pour the remaining sake from the box into the glass and finish it. Back to the incredible dessert. We waited a good amount of time for our dessert and we were wondering why since they typically offer a sorbet. When they finally brought the dessert out, we were all amazed. Not only we were served ALL the flavors of sorbet, but also an assortment of fresh fruit. Here's another list: mangosteen, cherries, strawberries, kiwi, green tea custard w/banana foam, peanut butter sorbet, and yuzu sorbet. My hands down favorite was the yuzu sorbet. Overall, this place offers the best customer service, and they have a great selction of fresh fish. The items that were grilled were inconsistent. Sometimes it was overflavored, and other times the food was bland. I can't wait to go back here and just eat some sashimi.I would also highly recommend the blood orange margarita and honeycomb shochu!
5	Roka Akor has a classy atmosphere, and a slightly formidable menu to pick from. Everything looks so good, and in a new environment, I want to try it all! But my date and I, after much deliberation, decided to "go for broke", as it were and if we couldn't finish, at least we had a good sample of the menu.  For an appetizer, we got the butterfish tataki and the burnt red tomato salad. These were yummy little tidbits that disappeared off the plate quickly. The butterfish was delicate, and the salad was great - the greens had all sorts of different flavors, and not that "generic clump of lettuce" flavor I hate. From the sushi menu, I was feeling adventurous and had never had raw red meat before, so I ordered the wagyu gunkan. My date saw the amount of green onions piled on top of this dish and oh-so-chivalrously gave me his piece. It's true that you needed a healthy appreciation of green onion to like these as served. The wagyu beef is ground nearly to a puree - which I wasn't expecting, and I thought the onion was a bit much. At for the skewers we ordered, my date liked his sweet potatoes the best, but I was partial to the crispy BBQ. These turned out to be two large ovoid and solid shapes of rice, run through with a skewer. Pure white sushi rice in the center, the outside was caramelized with what tasted like the sweet BBQ sauce that comes on eel sushi, which gave the whole thing a nice, crispy shell. At this point, I got to what I consider to be the crowning achievement of the meal: the yuzu marinated black cod. The cod, cooked on the robata grill in a leaf, was meltingly soft and delicately flavored. It was an effort to be share fairly. I believe my date said after our first taste of it, "Just eat what you want and I'll finish ...",  I looked up from my chopsticks, "... you know what? Just cut me off half." I wasn't sure that I could handle dessert after eating so much, but we finally decided it wouldn't be fair not to give the dessert menu a looking over, right? So we ordered the baked green tea custard, and it was a perfect pick after a gut-busting meal. Light and airy, it also had some carbonation to it that tickled my taste buds and made me giggle a lot as I was eating it.  Our sampler of shochu ranged from impressive to harsh, at least to my taste buds. In order starting with least harsh: pineapple, honeycomb, raspberry, and apple. I didn't like the last two, but the pineapple was, in my mind, a fairly dangerous thing to drink when you're not paying attention. Smooth. That's it for the food, and as for the service, it was swift and considerate; glasses were kept full, and empty plates whisked away. There was, however, one glaring exception that nearly overpowered the entire evening with its oddness. The waiter, who had up till this point been very nice and chatty, helpful about menu items, and generally a pretty cool guy, handed me his phone number and told us to call him any time we wanted to go partying.  What am I supposed to do with this? Are we going to call our waiter up and say ... well, what? It flummoxed me.
5	Do the tasting menu for the best experience paired with the wine or Sake tasting.No matter what you have to have the butterfish or beef tataki. The best food items on the planet. Also if you are not sure on what to order allow the staff to pick a entire menu for you. I have done this and it works very well with large groups. (Its kinda the only thing that works)The lounge area is a great place for a date, the watermelon martini is killer,(thats not the right name but just say that they know what you mean:)
5	This past Saturday was my second visit to Roka Akor, first time with my husband, second with my sister. Both times we had exceptional service and food. First time we had the tasting menu and while I don't remember much of what we ate (it was a lot!), I do remember everything was delicious.My sister is visiting and she loves sushi so I knew she had to try Roka. We ordered the scallops appetizer, a salmon roll, unagi roll, sweet corn, mushrooms, BBQ crispy rice, teriyaki chicken and black cod. Everything was absolutely amazing! The flavors, the presentation, the aroma. The salmon roll was ridiculously good, a nice piece of salmon atop the roll, fresh and melting in your mouth. We barely even talked while eating because we wanted to enjoy the food:) My sister doesn't like fish (only raw) and I had to keep her away from my black cod! Oh! And the drinks are amazing too! It is pricey but very much worth it
5	Wow, there are many in-depth reviews on here so I won't go into detail -- just wanted to give a shout out after my awesome experience here last night.  I think I may have a new favorite restaurant!We came for the Yelp Restaurant Week menu, but ended up spending quite a bit of time in the bar area before our reservation.  Two rounds of Shochu (HIGHLY recommend the nectarine, so light and clean) and 3 apps later (the butterfish tataki changed my life), we made our way to dinner.  I have to admit that the apps shined above our entrees (salmon terriyaki), but because we had a limited entree menu with the scorching Yelp deal I am not going to fault Roka Akor for that.All-in-all, just a great experience.  I loved the cool and contemporary atmosphere with all the energy and light -- the vibe is just fantastic.  I will definitely be returning and will put this in the portfolio as a great place for either business dinners or drink/app dates.  Instant fan.
2	I went to Roka Akor last night for a belated birthday celebration (mine) with my bosses. It was during Yelp Eats Week which meant when we arrived with no reservation we were told our only option was to eat at the sushi bar. Fine with me! The first thing we all noticed was that we had no server established until about an hour into our meal. Four people randomly attended to us until our appetizers showed up and then Charles came over and said he would be our server.  Also, two of us had arrived first, and one of the first people to approach us was a woman with two towels to wash our hands. Except they weren't warm. I have never ever had a cold wet towel handed to me in a Japanese restaurant, and Kat said every other time she's been here they've been warm. When Kate arrived a few minutes later, no one offered her a towel at all. Rad. We waited for about 15 minutes before anyone asked us about drinks, and then we didn't know who to grab to ask about appetizers. We did finally get the opportunity to order the butterfish appetizer, and when Kate asked for the seafood and vegetable tempura, she specifically asked if only one shrimp came with the order could they please add 2 more. The server seemed very confused and said he would have to ask the chef. Come on this isn't brain surgery people, add 2 shrimp, jesus.  One of my bosses ordered a beef dish for her main course which she enjoyed except that they left significant chunks of gristle on the meat. The other ordered the miso cod which was completely perfect and something I would specifically seek out if and when I return to Roka. I ordered the 3 sashimi chef's selection and for $17 dollars I was presented with a huge bowl of ice and approximately one ounce of fish, 2 slices of scallop, 2 slices of the 'cheap' tuna, and 2 slices of salmon. The scallop was fine, the tuna was a bit spongy but the salmon was gorgeous.  Kate had also ordered a mushroom rice pot which didn't make it to our table for an additional 25 minutes. And for some reason, they didn't leave the pot at the table for us, which Kate said they normally do, as the pot serves 6 to 8 people, and we'd only had one small plate of it each. I was in the restroom for the delivery and plating of the rice so I didn't even see the size of it.  But I think it's extremely rude to pull a half-full dish without asking. Charles brought me a scoop of strawberry passionfruit sorbet with a candle in it which was very thoughtful but I wasn't wild about it and ordered the orange flourless cake with rose petal cream and raspberries for dessert. That was very good, probably the highlight of the evening.  Kate had ordered a nectarine shochu ($14) that arrived in a 6oz tumbler with a 4oz rock of ice in it and only 2 ounces of actual shochu. She was extremely disappointed with the shochu flavor which was not nectarine at all, more of a grapefruit gasoline. We called Charles back and showed him the ice to shochu ratio discrepancy and he kindly removed it from the table and our bill. Both bosses have been to Roka a number of times and said this was not a typical experience for the restaurant. And this was a Wednesday! That makes me believe Roka think it's cool to offer up sub-par service during promotional menus, even to those not interested in the promo. I would go back for the butterfish and the cod if someone insisted, but I can get a better quality and value for sushi at Yen over on 43rd Ave.  The evening was at least saved with great company and conversation.
5	Not like Roka Akor needs another 5 star review, but it really is that good! Went there on Friday with the GF BF and sat at the chef bar. This is a great spot to watch all the amazing creations come out of the kitchen whether it be the sushi chefs or the grill! Our server was fantastic and very attentive and the manager was wonderful (great wine recommendations!)! Both had great suggestions and they were more than happy to accommodate our gluten free requests (FYI - they have tamari in house). We started with the edamame, butterfish (amazing!) and the scallops (heaven!) These are not large portions and we were starving, but everything was delicious! We then moved to sushi were the BF found a common love for special salts (pink, house made curry, black volcanic, green team and finally truffle) with the manager! From that point on, we were hooked on this place! We had the spicy scallop roll and the salmon/avocado roll. Both were amazing, especially the salmon which was sensational. From there, we took a pause before the final round! As we were watching the sushi chef, he created an off-the menu steak tartare nigiri style with a cracked quail egg...the manager insisted we try it and it was fantastic! Such a delight!After some more time to digest, we decided to go with the Yuzu Marinated Black Cod....this was a first for me and OMG! I am a huge fan! Buttery, melt in your mouth amazing fish! We also ordered some rice and veggies on the side, but the chef came over and advised us to a sampler instead, especially so there was no gluten in the veggies. Out comes a buffet of yummy items off the grill...zucchini's with lemon, tempura veggies (not GF though), and my oh my the asparagus! This was all just fantastic! We couldn't get out without a little GF cake and finally, finally, we rolled outta there after 3 and half hours of shear delight! We will be back (probably sooner than they may want us too!) as it was spectacular!
5	We had a fabulous time at Roka Akor on Friday night! They saved the day by being able to take our large group with little notice. We met some friends early for drinks at the bar. The service was a bit slow, but it was pretty busy. I had a glass of wine, one of my girlfriends got a lovely blood orange margarita and the bartender made up a beautiful fruity non-alcoholic drink for my prego girlfriend.We were shown to our table right on time and had a fabulous server (wish I could remember her name) who took the time to explain both the Yelp Eats menu, the regular menu and about the restaurant. We'd ordered a bottle of wine at the bar that wasn't part of the Yelp Eats wine special but she honored it anyway. From there on out, all I can remember is servers filling my wine glass and bringing dish after dish of wonderful food! I had the tempura sweet potato and white fish, both were delicious- I am looking forward to going back just for them! Next, I had the spicy avocado sushi and the hamachi serrano chilli roll, which were some of the best sushi I've had in a while. Hubby's pork chop was cooked to perfection, too. I can't remember the last time we went out and both agreed that the atmoshphere, food, price and service were great. Best of all, he had a great birthday and we had a very memorable time with our friends. We will definitely be back!
4	I loved Roka Akor.  The food was great, but the bill was pricey.  This is an excellent place to go and have a feast of great dishes.  The black cod is great.  The madagascar shrimp are the second biggest shrimp I have ever seen.  The sushi is top notch as is the wasabi that comes with it.  The unusual thing about this place is that they carve the ice, cube by cube, out of a big block of ice for all their special drinks. It's tough to decide whether the food is worth the cost.  The service wasn't stand out and I've been their a few times.  All in all, I will be back...
5	This place is, quite simply, amazing.  To start, the atmosphere is excellent, especially in front of the Robata grill, and is very upscale without being pretentious or snotty.  The drink selection is great, and unique: I had several of their "shochu infusions," and I would recommend them, especially the honey and the apple.  We shared several entrees over the course of the evening, including the blackened tomato salad, marinated pork chop, yuzu miso black cod, baked green tea custard, and the Raspberries and Lychee.  All were delicious, and I was surprised by how much I loved the cod.  In general, I tend to steer clear of fish entrees (not really a fan), but the black cod was possibly the best thing I've ever eaten.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	It's been a while since I hit Roka Akor. Didn't do a full dinner so it's hard to do a comprehensive review. Hit Roka for #evfn and the happy hour menu and drinks.It's definitely a gorgeous space. I love the lines, the materials used in the building and the decor.  As far as food, just did a couple rolls - the hamachi serrano chili roll & the soft shell crab roll. Both were quite good and quite affordable.With regard to drinks, started with a shochu sampler. It came with honey-comb shochu, grape shochu (I think) and pinenapple shochu. They were all quite good. I definitely enjoyed them all but a couple of folks at the table thought the honey and pineapple versions were a bit sweet. Tasted a friend's tanuki peach. That is a dangerous drink. I'm sure it has shochu in it as advertised but neither of us could detect any alcohol. Could definitely get you in trouble. After that had a glass maze (shochu, lychee juice and ylang-ylang). Not sure what ylang-ylang is but it was quite good. I'm a big fan of lychee. I also tried a friends poochie-poochi (sparkling nigori sake). That was killer as well.Service in the Shochu Lounge was also quite excellent.Overall the experience was great and has further convinced me that we need to return and take a serious run at the food.
5	Hadn't been in North Scottsdale in a while, recalling quickly all that I had been missing. As i walked in a lovely was coming out in her high heels and all dressed up ready to go hit the town.. oh yeah.. the food the food.This was an EVFN event, they extended the Happy Hour for us for a couple of hours, and buy was that a good thing. The sushi is incerdible, the miso soup, the salmon the tuna.. all fantastic. I even tried the little burger for $2 ... amazign tastes all around. Leelani was our server, sweet and pretty gal who could tell you everything about the menu and what to get..  still see her smile. Hope to get back there again one day.. although they knew it was my bday....an no real deal.
4	Again, there for Yelp Restaurant week, just a little lazy about writing a review. This time I was with my buds Janell & Lydia -- we started out at the bar where Janell and I tried their specialty drinks (think they are called Shochu) -- these were light and refreshing, but don't get me wrong, they pack a punch. We had their butter fish appetizers and that's when I knew I'd bring my hubby here for dinner. The tasting menu was good but when I returned for my birthday, I got to try some other dishes and really liked them (particularly the ribs). We'll definitely be back!
5	Excellent food, especially the butterfish tataki, the grilled tomato salad, the salmon bbq, the shochu (both pineapple and honey); we have eaten here about twice each month; it is always fresh, never less than excellent.  We have tried much of the menu and each item is prepared to perfection.  the staff aims to please.  There is never superfluous  salt on any dish (thank you for that!)  The deserts are fresh, palate cleansers-the presentations are all lovely.
4	One of the best sushi restaurants in Scottsdale. Great place for Happy Hour (try the kobi beef burgers for $2).  Happy hour is from 4-6pm, and after 9pm, so its a great place to go for a later dinner (its opened until 11pm).
4	I FINALLY was able to visit Roka Akor for the AZ Power Networking lunch.  What a terrific event.  The atmosphere was gorgeous, and the staff was very accommodating.  I have to say that I do not know my sushi.  Normally, I would not eat a dish without knowing its ingredients, but I was very happy with the samplings provided.  And a coupon for a free appetizer to boot!
2	Well. I went to Roka and looked at the menu. Everything seemed so delicious so I ordered the most expensive thing they had. It was the full dinner in which you get about 10 different dishes. I had only one dish that was good and it was the steak. I'd go back for the steak since I'm a huge meat fan, but everything else was not worth the price. Not worth my $210 tab. I'm sorry.Staff was pretty good though, however, I did observe that their staff likes to stare at alot of things, including people like they want something.
4	Roka Akor came to me from one of my great friends.. when I was searching for a trendy, up place to have my best friends going away party... It didnt (nor did he!), let us down. The staff was very helpful & friendly in making sure all the details were panned out for our small--ish party of 15.. Sample tasting menus were sent to me directly... and despite the fact that we decided we would order off menu.. Im going back just to have a sample tasting menu.. Roka is decorated in a beautiful way.. its atmosphere is sweet with the cool vibe:-) Pre-dinner drinks.. We had it all.. Saketinis.. YUM.. Sake.. I got a couple.. one hot, then one chilled.. Shochu.. (not my fav), but had to try the infused flavored Shochus.. Appetizers.. I had the Butterfish Tataki w/Asparagus.. LOVED it.. could have ordered more as my meal.. My friends had salads, etc. Note, salads are huge for a starter salad! Main Course.. we had Toro, various sashimi, and various sushi rolls, AND Robatas.. Being from the Bay Area, Im pretty picky with my sushi/sashimi.. and I was pretty impressed :-) Next time.. Im personally going to add a Robata of kobe beef:-) BUT wont do the sweet shrimp sashimi nor the eel roll.. that actually let me down.. as well as most of our other party who tested it.. Staff was awesome, attentive and very detailed... If you have a question regarding the food or drinks.. our waiter had answers on preparation and suggested to our personal liking. Be prepared.. the bill wont come with your budget in mind... its def pricey, but worth it.. TIP: Have a res on weekend nights for sure...:-)
4	I had heard nothing but good things about Roka Akor, so I was excited to dine there last Friday. It is a Japanese restaurant located in Central Scottsdale that features "Sushi and Robata Grill". 'Robata' reminds me of a certain song by Styx, but I was willing to roll with it anyway. Besides, "Bon Appetit" recently named them one of the top 10 sushi places in the U.S., so we owed it to ourselves to check it out. Happy HourThere were four of us dining and we started off in the bar area to take advantage of happy hour before sitting in the formal dining area. The look of the lounge is sleek, but pretty generic. If Ikea offered Japanese themed interior decorating, Roka Akor would probably be their main customer. Nothing bad about that, but it felt a little sterile to me. Our server was very pleasant and she was attentive without being annoying. Happy Hour drinks were well priced ($3 beers, $6 wine and martinis) with a decent choice of libations. The standout was probably the Saketini my girlfriend ordered: simple drink done well. They also offer Shochu, which is like a Japanese vodka, but nobody tried it this go-round.The Happy Hour food menu is a nice size and reasonably priced ($2 - $7). We ordered the Crispy Fried Squid, Spicy Sashimi Salad, and 2 orders of the Butterfish. The plate sizes were enough that everyone got some of each. Everything was fresh and tasty, with the Butterfish being the favorite.DinnerWe finished our happy hour drinks and made our way into the dining room. The first thing I noticed was the noise. It was about 7:30p and the dining room was maybe half full, but the sparsity of the decorating mixed with very tall ceilings meant all the various conversations echoed off everything. Do not expect a cozy meal with conversation you can easily hear if the place is full. Our server was nice enough, but seemed a little out of sorts as if he were new or nervous. The wine list was a bit disappointing with very few worthwhile bottles under $50. There is good wine to be had, but be prepared to pay for it. Wine markup was anywhere from 2x - 3.5x retail. Ordering our wine was a bit of a process as they were out of a Syrah I wanted off the main list and the alternatives suggested by the server and the little-too-annoying sommelier were not doing much for us. I finally went with a 2006 Canonball Cabernet Sauvignon - fruit forward Cab that paired well with dinner.The menu is split into different areas: Appetizers, Sashimi & Sushi, Tempura, and Robata Grilled items (sides and entrees). As seems to be the current trend, entrees are served a la carte (no sides). As a group we decided to order several things and share them. We picked items from all over the menu, so there were a mix of small plate and large plate items. One thing to note is that the food arrives very quickly and it seems to show up in a random order. We were expecting apps and smaller plates to appear first, but it was a hodgepodge of apps and entrees. A few minutes later, more plates of food arrived before we were even done with the first round. The table was crowded to say the least. The presentation of the food is excellent and you can tell the chefs take pride in their creations.Food Highlights:Sashimi Chef's Selection - This was amazing. The chef chose Tuna, Scallops, and Yellowtail and it was seriously the best sashimi I have found in the Valley.Robata Grilled Asparagus - Tasty soy glaze and grilled perfectly to crisp-tender.Robata Grilled Lamb Cutlets - 3 very nice sized lamb loin chops. Grilled medium rare and served with a Korean chili sauce. These were a big hit at the table. Roka Akor Rice Hot Pot - What a nice surprise this was. A cast iron pot filled with mushroom infused sticky rice. Very savory and just amazingly good - we scraped every last bit of it out. The only issue was it took so long to arrive compared to the other food, that we thought they forget about it.Food Lowlights:Spicy Tuna Roll - this was surprisingly boring for a 'spicy' roll. Beef Tataki with Salad Greens and chili ponzu - This was a letdown. Should be renamed "miniature beef roll-ups with zero character". Instantly forgettable... Japanese Eggplant Tempura - Slightly overcooked and very bland, even with the supplied sauce. Final TakeRoka Akor is bound to be a Scottsdale hotspot. It has that generic hipster vibe to it that just seems to pervade many Scottsdale eateries. The food they do well is excellent and easily eclipses the lackluster items. Stick with their signature dishes (Robata Grilled items and the Sashimi) and you will be pleased. I'd also recommend asking your server to space out the food orders a bit to allow you to enjoy each course a bit more. I will be back again, but I may just hang in the lounge area next time. It's a little quieter and the seating is bit more intimate. Plus, I still need to see what the Shochu is all about...
4	First..they have Happy hour 7 days a week. WooHoo! 1st time was on a lazy weekend afternoon for Happy Hour.  The sushi rolls on the menu were decent but not all that elaborate, your basic rolls..so I think I would prefer the extended menu. However what I wish to absolutely rave about is the $2 Roka Burger offered at Happy Hour.  Best freakin burger,I can't even tell you.. but I will try and at a sushi place no less!! The meat tastes like it was soaked in a broth that is unbelievable, with a hint of wasabi. Topped with avocado..it's just amazing. I will be back for the burger alone and I want to try this Hamachi Chili Roll that everyone's talking about.P.S. I won't give any restaurant 5 stars unless Ive been there at least 3 times and they remain consistent.. hence the 4 star.
4	Had the Omakase with the wife. Chef is a great guy named Roman from Munich. He comes by and asks what you don't like and like. There are four courses and each course is about 10 dishes each. The Sushi course was outrageous - the freshness unbelievable. Only bad - the flavored sochu is pretty gross and overpriced and the dessert was waaaaaay to sour (they replaced it). $350 for dinner but worth it for us and hey, my wife doesn't even like Japanese food really!! I'm coming back.
4	3.5-4 stars for a Japanese restaurant in the desert. (To be fair it's more for a non-sushi experience) I have to preface that i'm not a fan of asian food in the Valley as I've eaten at most of the highly touted places and been sorely disappointed.  Most of the time I find myself thinking that I      should have just  cooked at home.  If i've been stuck in the Valley for 6 months straight I'll start getting fidgety and irrationally purchase airplane tickets to satisfy my sushi craving masked as a visit with friends or family.  But in the meantime, I have Roka  This place needs some marketing magic as it doesn't attract the kinds of crowds that other Japanese restaurants in Scottsdale manage.  Main reasons are probably associated with its eclectic cuisine and odd location stuck between South and N. Scottsdale. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for this one as i'm worried that this place is living on life support.  It has to be one of the poorer-performing locations as overhead has to be expensive and this place always looks like it's barely breathing. but I guess they've managed to keep the corporate support. Even the head chef has changed in the short period since its opening.  But they seem to remain unfaltering.  Don't let the slow service deter you from checking this place out. They specialize in fish, meat and vegetables grilled over hot coals with a large seating area surrounding the large grills.  The menu is pretty diverse with sushi/sashimi prepared in the back kitchen (no traditional sushi bar) and cocktails are great with specialty sochu and other elixirs.Also, the bar is nice with lounge seating nearby.  (No draft beer and not much wine as japanese food doesn't really go with wine) .  I've had mixed experiences with the service.  While all friendly, the competency-level and awareness of the servers are very inconsistent.   On occasion I've had to point out forgotten dishes and had difficulty getting a drink despite a nearly empty dining area.  The food is good but don't expect texan-sized portions.  Overall, i'm a supporter of this place as it meets the difficult combination of good food at reasonable prices.
4	L.A. people are so spoiled with wonderful sushi restaurants at nearly every corner - I'm one of those people. But I have to say that Roka Akor has blown most of the L.A. sushi restaurants I've been to out of the water. I don't always rate the restaurants I eat at for various reasons, but I couldn't wait to rate this restaurant. You'll see why...read on please.Roka Akor is rated as one of the Top 10 sushi restaurants in the U.S. by Bon Appetit, so with that rating plus being from L.A., we were definitely expecting a lot. We were welcomed warmly, seated promptly at the best seat at the sushi bar, and given our menus. We took a gander, and were kind of shocked at the minimal selection of rolls on their menu. (Of course this didn't matter later once we tasted their food - everything is excellent. Don't let this disappoint you, it's excellent food.) A few minutes later, I noticed another couple seated a few seats away from us. Their waitress attended to them right away, and we still hadn't been attended to at that point, so I was immediately pissed off and ready to walk out of the restaurant. My friends who know me well, know that this action would have been true to form. I'm nice, but I'm accustomed to excellent service at all types of establishments. When I don't get it, I get pissed off - that's just who I am and I don't think I'm the only one.I digress...I'm glad my husband kept me seated to give the waiter a chance to come over and take our order because I ended up really enjoying myself...and the food obviously. We had a sampler of Shochu drinks, which are these delicious infused drinks. Our favorite was the Fuji Apple flavor, although all of them were good. At the same time we were served our appetizer - the Butterfish Tataki with white asparagus yuzu. (Incidentally, the Fuji Apple Shochu really brought out the flavors of the Butterfish Tataki.) Usually butterfish has a muddled flavor - I think that's just the nature of that fish, but their preparation of this fish really cleaned it up. It exploded with flavor - very delicious.We also ordered the Hamachi Serrano Chili Maki. This roll has very clean flavors - I enjoyed it very much. Next came the Roka Sushi selection, which are 4 different types of sushi selected by the chef. My only qualm here is that one of the four nigiri given was something we also had a full order of (the Salmon Goma Nigiri). Nonetheless, all of it was good. After that came the full order of Salmon Goma nigiri we ordered, which was sooooooo SO good. My husband usually doesn't like salmon because he thinks it's too fishy, while I ordinarily love salmon. We both loved loved loved this. It was so excellent. I would definitely order it again. Finally, we received the kobe beef, which was also very good. Perfectly cooked medium rare and lots of flavor. It comes with mushrooms which added a great dynamic flavor to the meat, and this yummy creamy sauce in which to dip the meat. Delicious. For dessert, we had the Green Tea Custard. We ordered this mostly out of curiosity. Who's ever heard of a Green Tea flavored custard? It did not disappoint. Light & airy, this custard really impressed us. I only wish I had the black cod because it looked so yummy and other yelpers have raved about it, but oh well. Maybe next time.After the meal, our server apologized for the delay we experienced earlier in the evening. I really appreciated and respected that. It was definitely a good move on his part, and he got a good tip out of it. Later, though, I thought that if they were really sorry they could have comp'd part of our meal. So here's how I came up with the score:5 for the food, knowledgeable wait staff and nice ambianceminus 2 for the huge f*ck up early in the eveningplus 2 for the apologyminus 1 for not comping part of our meal= 4 (if we could rate in half points, I'd probably give them 3 1/2)Final thought: I don't know why we didn't get approached by the wait staff as quickly as the other couple who was seated after us, but I don't believe that people should keep quiet about stuff like that. When you pay for anything at any amount, you should be given the best service possible and if not, the establishments should expect to deal with the consequences for their actions. So, keep it up Yelpers! Use your consumer power!!
5	This was, by far, the best dining experience I've had in Arizona, let alone anywhere else in the country.  The courses are small and they flow one by one so that you can enjoy each and every flavor before moving onto another dish.  The building itself is stunning and the staff are so friendly and really take the time to make you feel welcome and at home.  They explain every dish and are always nearby for water, sake or shochu (a Japanese vodka-like liqueur).  My personal favorite was the miso marinated black cod.  WOW!  So tender and incredibly moist!
4	Unfortunately, I left without the satisfying feeling of a full meal.  That said, I think that is part of the enjoyment I am feeling now an hour after the meal.Extremely delicious, portions which are not large, but probably appropriate for regular human beings.The grilled hot japanese peppers were my favorite, with bonito flakes and sea salt, a deliciously spicy alternative to the now-commonplace edamame.Elegant decor, the main area opens up to a wide-open kitchen, an inviting wide marble sushi bar area beckons one to sit down and enjoy an almost voyeuristic culinary experience.I did not have have any sushi here but the entrees more than made up for it.  Everything seemed prepared with care.I would only deduct one star for the cost-value proposition, but for many, this is highly worth it.  An elegant dining experience, will definitely impress a date or a client if you brought them to dine here!
4	If I could come here every night for the ambiance I would! Very modern decor and lovely open Robata where you can sit and watch the chefs at work! There was a live band that played soft rock - John Mayer, U2, Jack Johnson type. Loved it! We each started w/the sochu sampler and by the second shot glass, I was feeling a bit tipsy! For the entrees we had the tasting menu. Decent food but nothing impressive. I've def. had better in SF. I'd order the miso glazed butter fish and sushi rolls on my next visit as they were pretty tasty. Service was good minus the snafu in our order. Apparently our waitress forgot to put in 2 entrees and we had to wait another 20-30 minutes for our food. All in all, a good place to dine.
2	I am not a fan of this place.  I went and sat at the bar - and was not assisted until I asked THREE times if I could get a drink.  Finally I did get one - and the bartender was puzzled when I asked if they had sake.  I had to kind of explain what a sake bomber was.  I was bummed out when they told me that they don't carry the larger sized beer bottles.  They finally brought me a thing of sake that was not in the traditional sake bottle or glass.   A Japanese person would be very insulted by this.  As for the food - I am not sure because I didn't have any.  I might give this place a second chance but not very likely.
2	If I had to judge this place in less than 10 words, I would say - Disappointing Nobu knock-off that left my wallet empty.   Wow.  What a HUGE disappointment.  I came here for my birthday the other night.  After my husband dropped over $400 for 4 people (included food for 4 and 3 drinks, no dessert), I left highly dissatisfied.  I can name a dozen Japanese restaurants around the country, including mom and pop robata dives, neighborhood sushi restaurants and high end places like Nobu that do seafood and robata better than this place.  While the owner payed a lot of attention to detail when decorating this place, the same cannot be said of the food.  Everything was off.  The grilled fishes were not seasoned to perfection, the fried foods were just not crispy enough, the sushi was completely unmemorable, the drinks were mediocre, and the black cod was the worst I have ever had.  I'm happy to pay good money for an excellent food experience, but mediocre food at $$$$$ prices is just grossly annoying.   I will not return here.
3	This is an interesting restaurant.  A bit full of itself, perhaps, but the food is definitely worth trying.  The whole place is arranged around the huge exhibition kitchen and the chefs who prepare these exquisite dishes.  My only problem was that I ordered way too much food for me and my BFF, and our waitress didn't talk us out of it!   Everything is good.  The odd Japanese "infused vodka-like drink" was not so great for us, I think we should have stuck with wine.  The sushi roll was excellent, as was the butterfish appetizer.  The grilled peppers were OK, but a bit much for us, and the "rice dish" was totally unnecessary.  I would recommend that two people share a single main course grilled entree and try some of the sushi, maybe the tempura (excellent, perhaps the best I've had), and a couple of the skewers, although paying $2 for a single skewer with three pieces of zucchini on it made me feel, well, skewered!It is a place to try, to see if you like it, but I cannot see why it is one of the top 10 sushi places in the US -- maybe it would make it to the top 100.
5	We had a group of 12 of us on a Saturday night.  We told them it was a farewell party.  They arranged so we were all seating together in the back of the place behind the bar.  It was perfect for us to chat, get pics, and share food up and down the long tables they lined up for us.  I think we ordered almost everything off the menu (appetizers, drinks, sides, sushi, rice, main dishes, desserts, etc).  Everything I tasted was FABULOUS!  I will be suggestion this place to my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
5	Wow.  Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and your head was  buzzing?That's how my girlfriend and I felt after leaving Roka Akor tonight.  Just magnificent. From the moment we stepped foot in the restaurant, the manager and the hostess were gracious and accommodating.  There wasn't a table immediately available so the manager led us to the beautiful bar where the chairs were all setup diagonally inviting us to take a seat.  A very fine, delicate, touch, something very subtle, but wonderful, which was indicative of things to come.We were seated at the bar area facing the expansive kitchen.  It is just an incredibly inviting setup, probably my favorite I have ever seen at a restaurant.  We were greeted by our server, Victoria, who was funny but genuine, seemed to always be there just when we were about to ask about something, and never seemed pushy.  In addition to that, we brought along a coupon from our hotel concierge, after handing it to the manager, I realized it had already expired.  Upon us pointing it out, the manager said that it was no problem that he honored it.  The coupon was for 2 free appetizers, we ordered 3 and upon receiving the bill, the two most pricey appetizers were given to us free!  That was truly a nice little treat.  A quote from my girlfriend on the service, "This is a place where I felt honored to be eating here, but the service made me feel like they were honored that we were dining there.  Humbling." But onto the food, which if you are not inclined to read this detailed review, was, according to my girlfriend, "Probably the best if not top 3 meals I've ever had in my life."  Me too.For appetizers we had the grilled shishito peppers, which I have had before, "Will now replace edamame for me at any place that offers it."  The salty, grilled, spicy combination is just perfect.  The cold soba noodles and the fried oysters were wonderful as well.  The soba being presented in an exquisite manner and the oysters fried so that the oysters still maintained their oyster-y goodness but had that crispy tempura crust.In between appetizers and the main course we had an assortment of robato grilled veggies:  Sweet Potato, Tofu, Mushrooms, Zucchini, BBQ Rice, Corn.  All grilled to the point where it tasted like I was eating a more perfect version of that vegetable.  The sauces, paired in a way that just enhanced the flavor even more.Even after all that, the main courses stood out most of all.  We had the two signature Roka Akor entrees:  The Korean-spiced Lamb & the Blackened Cod.  For the lamb, my girl quoted, "I don't eat much meat, but this is the BEST meat I have ever had.  Ever.  Not best lamb, best meat."  I wholeheartedly agree.  The lamb was of the highest quality and grilled in a way where we could easily slice through the juicy side with a butter knife.  I was embarrassed but wanted to clean off each lollipop bone with my teeth it was so delicious.For the cod, it was grilled lightly wrapped with a "japanese Mulberry? leaf", blackened but still juicy.  When eaten with the sweet mustard and the pink-pickled-onion slices, was a heavenly combination.  Individually delicious, but rarely do I feel that foods combined so well in my mouth as did the cod with the pickled onion and mustard.  Perfect.All-in-all, not just a delicious meal, but a transcendent one.  We asked each other afterward, "What more could you have asked for in a restaurant?"  And we could not think of one.  Sure, it was pricey, but for the quality of service, the taste of the food, the exquisite setting, it was worth every penny and more.The buzzing in my head hasn't stopped.  I loved it!
4	I absolutely loved the scallop sushi.  Didn't try much of their robata, but grilled scallops were awesome too (yeah, so I'm not that creative. Sorry).  I ordered way too much fried food... shouldn't have gone for the fried oysters & and the veggie/seafood tempura.  I wasn't a huge fan of all of the batter.  I expected a much lighter coating.  (I know, waah.)Overall, a nice experience.  I really wasn't expecting such awesomely fresh scallops in the middle of the desert!  I came here on a weeknight, and heard about their all-you-can-eat sushi brunch.  Good thing I'm not staying through the weekend, otherwise I'd bankrupt 'em in no time...
5	on vacation in scottsdale - and this place was incredible.  it would stand up against the best restaurants in los angeles.  the place is family style where everybody shares.  you choose a few skewers and some main courses.  can also get some sushi or some noodle appetizers.  we got the miso cod and some sort of beef for the main courses and got a bunch of the skewers which were all incredible.  the flavor of everything was just awesome.  portions are tiny.  i can't say enough about this place!
5	Roka Akor rocks!  Superb high quality of sashimi and robata grill with attentive but not pestering service by modelesque waiters. What else can one ask for?The grilled scallops were juicy and crispy on the surface, flavored with yuzu paste (Japanese citrus).  The sashimi platter was out of this world.  Highly marblized toro that they paired with freshly grated Himalayan rock salt, kumamoto oysters, maguro, sweet shrimp, salmon tataki, and butterfish sashimi.  Even the wasabi was freshly grated.  It looked like an expensive masterpiece (thank god our vendor took care of the bill :)).My miso-glazed black cod was perfectly grilled and creatively presented inside some curved leaf.  I also heard the kobe beef was good.And the flight of sake was pretty refreshing as well.All in all, Roka met every expectation I had. I can still hear my coworkers raving about last night's dinner.  :)
5	Roka Akor isn't my typical type place. I usually find that the food I love comes from places where they have put their heart and soul into the food and just ground it out. Sometimes these places look nice but often they're not too fancy and they rarely look anything like Roka Akor. Roka Akor is beautiful and huge. The decor is modern and tasteful. They have a great lounge, a huge featured sushi and robata bar and oodles and oodles of wood (which I dig).So often when you see these huge, gorgeous spaces obviously funded by a good deal of investor money, it's all business driven and the organization has lost some focus on the food.That's not the case with Roka Akor. I've been there the past 2 nights (and before) for their happy hour and had some stellar dishes.I'm a Japanese food freak so anything new & out of the ordinary piques my interest. I've been waiting forever to have a real izakaya or kaiseki place in Phoenix. Roka Akor is rolling out an izakaya concept in their lounge. For this first week, they are also doing a special where all food and beverages are $2 (through 11/25). It's absolutely crazy not to check this out.While I wouldn't say this an authentic izakaya, I'm a big fan of what they are doing. I tried most of the izakaya menu over the past two days and had some killer dishes.The tenkatsu fried pork belly is completely ridiculous. It is right up there with some of my favorite bites in recent memory. Then I also had their burger on a homemade sesame bun. Definitely order this medium rare. We had a couple ordered medium temp that came a bit overdone. The meat was tasty though and the thing that put it over the top was the awesome bun. Super flavorful - absolutely made the dish. They also use this bun on the cremini mushroom burger with wasabi aioli. Also very nice. Last night I also got to sample their Chinese style glazed pork ribs off the normal menu - amazing. I was already completely stuffed but it still made a huge impression.As far as other things on their izakaya menu, I'm a big fan of hamachi kama and enjoyed their version. Would have been killer with a bit of ponzu sauce. Robata grilled unagi was very nice and the fried soft shell crab with mixed salad greens was excellent. We also enjoyed the butterfish tataki with white asparagus and yuzu. The list is getting long but we really didn't run across any major misfires at all. Enjoyed the sweet corn tempura with sea salt, braised short ribs with daikon, agedashi tofu & hamachi serrano chili roll.For me the definite standout was the pork belly though. I kind of went through that list in order of preference. I enjoyed it all - actually a bit surprising.They also have a bunch of great drinks. Over the past 2 days, I had the shochu & tonic (barley shochu with spash of yuzu juice and tonic), tanuki peach (again - shochu & fresh peach puree) & sake-tini (lychee). All were great. The last several visits there we've also had excellent service. The staff has been super nice and super attentive. We even brought our young kids (5 & 2) after calling & making sure it was alright. While they are very well behaved, it is still nice to see them welcomed in.I expect that this happy hour will stay in the rotation. Great food, great drinks. Nice value.And I also have seen some wonderful looking sushi come out as well so we have to come back and go that route.While it doesn't look like the places that fall into the norm of what I typically like, I can't help but be a big fan.
5	I love everything about Roka Akor! The food and ambiance as well as service is second to none.  Pricing is very affordable too.Whether you're looking for the ideal place for tapas and happy hour or dinner or brunch, you'll love it too! and do try their specialty mango tea - it's divine.Also great space for parties and events.ALL IS A MUST!
5	Very impress seeing all the team cooking and preparing sushi, it's an art. It's expensive but it's worth every penny, an amazing experience.
5	Had the Omakase at the instruction of my waiter, since it was my first visit and I have to say that it was a brilliant choice!  I had just had the omakase at Nobu in Honolulu about two weeks prior to my visit to Roka and I still cannot believe that without a doubt I had a better meal with better sashimi at Roka in Scottsdale.  The Toro served with Himalayan rock salt was one of the best things that have ever tasted!  Highly recommend ordering the Omakase!
2	we sat at the bar. the bartender was super nice, poured stiff, well-made drinks, and gave us good service. the other bartender who cut and chopped the big block of ice they use for their specialty drinks was also friendly and chatted with us as she sawed and hacked her way through the ice. 2 stars because of the nice folks working there.the food? no stars. butterfish was absolutely drenched in sauce. sushi rolls were blah. the ribs were like microwaved or something.go for the drinks and friendly bartenders. leave when you are hungry and looking for a bite to eat.
5	If you like Japanese food, this is the best restaurant in Scottsdale. The rice dishes are amazing - with wonderful texture and complex taste. Everything we've had off the charcoal grill has been wonderful. Yes, the yakitori came up a little short but we've been spoiled by the real thing in small dives under the elevated train tracks in Yurakucho, Tokyo - it's impossible to simulate that atmosphere and taste! Everything else is so tasty and authentic that you'll wish you were born Japanese and could visit a robatayaki-ya like Roka Akor every week. Start with the kimchi and edamame as it should be prepared. Outstanding sho-chu drinks. All the grilled fish - heaven. We've been many times and we've never been disappointed. On our last visit we sat near the door and someone actually Windexed the entry 3 times while we ate. It's that attention to detail - including the pure water ice block used in the drinks - that makes Roka Akor several steps above anything else. In London, Macau and Scottsdale. Don't delay - highly recommended.
5	Oh man! I can't believe I hadnt reviewed this place yet! We went here for the hubs bday last month. My boss is a big foodie and I asked him what his top 5 fav restaurants in Phx/Scottsdale were and Roka was on that list. So the hubs, his parents and I went. We had reservations to sit at the grill bar so we could watch all the action. Roka Akor has been named one of the top 10 places to get sushi in the country by Bon Appetit...I DO NOT eat sushi...Ive tried it at RA, ShoGun and Kona grill...I just do not like sushi. BUT I thought, if this place has "the best" I should at least try it here....OMG!!!!! I LOVE SUSHI! At least I love Roka's sushi! I tried the Crispy Prawn Maki Roll (it was heaven), Roka's signature soft shell crab maki roll (Divine) and something else that I cant remember because I was beginning to put myself into a sushi coma. Who would have thought I liked sushi. Not me. You MUST MUST MUST try the BBQ Rice skewer! It was the bomb-nonny. I was the driver so I didnt get to have any real drinks, but I did have a sip of the three different Shochu's the hubs ordered and all were amazing! They had a really tasty non alcoholic drink that had ginger in it that I ordered and it was bubbly and tasty! For 4 people I think our bill was around $300...but we ordered a TON of food and a TON of drinks (well they did, not me) Its a great first date or special occasion type of place, a little pricey for an every day dinner kind of night.
5	This place is simply amazing!!!!We decided to come here for a happy hour since this is the first time. By the time we left, around 7pm, I was surprised how crowded this place got despite the raining/windy weather and possible tornado outside (yeah, we had a tornado warning here in the phoenix area!!)We sampled out 6 dishes in total (two of us, yes, we eat a lot and want to try), here is the little summary:+Chibi Burger - the cutest burger I've ever seen! The meat was very well cooked, very juicy, along with the slight taste of wasabi, yum!+Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll - fresh fish and refreshing taste!+Butterfish Tataki - delicious little piece of butterfish with white asparagus and Yuzu, we should've ordered two!+Robata Grilled Unagi - the unagi was grilled to the perfection, so soft,  and you can feel it melts in your mouth - heaven!+Fried Soft Shell Crab with Mixed Green - the crab was really good, but didn't really like the chili dressing, it tasted kinda sour to me.+Rice Hot Pot with Japanese mushrooms - we didn't order this until we saw the waiter brought it to the next table, we were amazed by how the rice was cooked and decided to give a shot (it's on the regular menu). The rice was mixed with four kinds of japanese mushrooms and beans in a light miso broth, very flavorful, but I thought it was a bit too salty (i do eat less salty than majority of my friends)Drinks:+Tanuki Peach, signature cocktail - Shochu with peach puree, sweet and fruity, a great fresh start of the meal+Japanese Pomelo Lemonade - this is NOT your typical lemonade from any other restaurants, they're made from the Japanese pomelo juice (a citrus fruit) with lemons, very citrusy, my friend liked it a lot. They waitress told us they imported the juice directly from Japan. And it's $7 per glass, even more expensive than a martini!I will definitely come back for dinner sometime soon, oh, I also noticed that they have brunch/lunch buffet on Saturday for $35/person, endless sushi and more!
5	Absolutely delicious!  Did a search for top sushi restaurants in Scottsdale and this one popped up.  Out of the 5 days vacationing here...we have eaten here twice!  For the most part, we chose items from the menu that were in red, indicating a Roka Akor specialty:Butterfish Tataki - scrumptious! Roka Akor Scallops - perfectly masteredRoka Akor Yuzu Miso Marinated Black Cod with Pickled Red Onions - melts in your mouth!Roka Akor Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll - my new favorite sushi roll everVeggies - the mushrooms and corn are very tasty!  The veggies don't seem too healthy with all the yummy sauces/spices, but do recommend them!Loved the saki that we ordered, but cannot remember which kind it was.  We sat at the robata on our first visit, which was plenty roomy and we got to watch all the food come out.  Our second visit we ate at the bar; which was equally enjoyable.  I don't find the dining room that appealing, so it's nice to have other options.  The food is not just tasty, but very fresh and the presentation is wonderful. This is now our favorite sushi/Japanese restaurant!!!!  We need one in Florida...the Scottsdale location is the only one in the U.S.
4	The Food here is 5 stars for sure. The Butterfish Tataki is so wonderful.  I mean really anything with butter in the title has to be good right?  We ordered the Deluxe Platter for 4 which in my humble opinion is the way to enjoy the sushi and sashimi here because the chef makes it up from what he feels is the best fish that day. Trust me you will be knocking your friends chop sticks out of the way to get that last bite.The only reason for the 4 stars was the slow service and they were kind of rude about it.  However food this good gets my vote for another trip to Roka.
5	This has been my favorite sushi indulgence. I the times I have been there I have yet to sit at the grill area, and I find I enjoy sitting in the lounge much more than the dining room. On my last trip there we took some visiting friends from out of town and we knew they would have some budgetary constraints, but we also wanted them to experience Roka. We made reservations for the lounge for 7 people. The staff was very accommodating and worked to keep you happy. Their lounge menu has something for everyone at great prices. We had numerous orders of their sliders (veggie and meat filled), very tasty! Their miso soup is probably the best I have had. I dream of their butterfish tataki and we got many of the folks in our party raving as well. The cocktails are hard to beat. The scene, ambiance, service and quality of food is top notch! I enjoy going as a solo diner for happy hour and the occasional Sunday brunch. You also never know who you may see, I have encountered several celebs and on the last visit sat next to Larry David (of Seinfeld and Curb Your Enthusiasm fame).
1	I am at Roka writing this review. Upon entering this restaurant, we were impressed by the decor, music, and door handles. We were on time (even a little early) and notified that they could seat us after a 30 minute wait. We took their offer to sit outside (February) with only a 5 minute wait. Once seated, we were brought empty water glasses, and waited 15 minutes for a server to bring menus. Food review to come shortly.
5	This was an excellent dining experience. My wife and I were in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area for a spa getaway weekend and booked a reservation here on the recommendation of the hotel's knowledgeable concierges.SERVICE: To me, the service is the real draw here. Initially I was let down to find that there is not a "real" sushi bar here. Their bar is more of a robata grill, while all the sushi items are prepared in the back. Since we were there to eat sushi, not the robata experience, we opted for a table. We ordered omakase ($98/head as of this writing), and were impressed that the chef actually came out to our table to discuss the evening's menu with us, inquiring as to what we like (sashimi and nigiri) and what we don't like (tempura and other fried stuff). He proceeded to detail what he was planning to serve us. That was nice, though due to his accent we only understood about half of it, smiling and enthusiastically nodding at the rest (doh!). Our waiter, Charles (who incidentally resembles, and even sounds like, a young Wayne Newton) was friendly, extremely capable and knowledgeable regarding every bit of the food as well as the sakes we tried. I highly recommend him!Even the food runners were each able to explain what they were serving -- nice touch!FOOD: (Mental note: must get in the habit of writing this stuff down while eating, before sake takes hold). If you're a big eater and you regularly order omakase, you know that, at least in a traditional sushi place, it's common for the food to run out slightly before your appetite does (depending on the chef and how much you're communicating with him). This was quite the opposite. We had 4 courses consisting of about 3 plates each. By the time dessert came, we were stuffed. I wish I could name everything we tried, but I can't -- the butterfish tataki is every bit as good as you've heard, as was the kobe beef and the 10 other things we tried. The thing that truly stuck out in my mind was the miso soup. This was easily the best miso soup I've ever had. Even if you don't do omakase -- make sure you try the miso soup!(note to other tall people -- watch your knees. their tables have wooden panels underneath the table edge that hang pretty low)
3	No Malibu Rum served here... Yep, the imposter again! No worries because Malibu Rum Barbie enjoys sparkling sake. With names like Poochie Poochie and Sawa, I still get something sweet to drink with a fun name :) The two sparkling flavors are $18-$32 and are the equivalent of a glass of wine alcohol and volume size. A bit pricey! Happy hour prices are quite reasonable although you'll be tempted to order a bunch of different items and end up spending a fortune!!A good place to come for ambiance and conversation. The staff and decor are both pleasant and easy on the eyes.
4	My friend and I went here on a whim - as we both haven't been before. I had heard they were awesome, and when I saw the neighborhood it was in and walked in, I was incredibly impressed. What a fantastic setting, and superior service. However, people who don't like waiters in your face all the time emptying edamame dishes or refilling your iced tea after every 5 sips - then you'll dislike the superior service. Maybe I'm just used to mediocre service, but the service is almost too much for me. I felt like they were going to wipe my face after I dripped some soy sauce.Besides the beyond excellent service, their food was brilliant. Their ginger was even top notch. The iced tea was seriously some of the best I've ever had and they even serve it with simple syrup on the side. Their sashimi was excellent and so fresh. Their presentation was a bit over the top, much like their table-side service, but they are really taking their fine dining seriously. Great prices for the sushi too, not that much more than a RA or Sushi Brokers, but total step up in quality. I was underwhelmed by their rolls though, mostly because I was surprised at getting fish eggs on my california roll. The texture threw me off, and when the waiter approached me and was told I was hesitant about the small creepy orange egg things covering my roll - he was so excited and said "just wait until you find one later, they're really fun to pop - like pop rocks". Although I was so grossed out by that, his passion for the food was awesome. I would come back and ask for the same servers again. They all seem to have their stuff together over there. Although I called and asked earlier about gluten free soy sauce (and they said they didn't have any), my waiter told me they had it and brought it out. What  a save on their part! I appreciate any sushi joint that gets how awkward it is for a gluten free girl to carry a big bottle of GF soy sauce in her purse.
1	Worst food experience I've had in long time...this is my first 1 star rating.  Every dish we order was wrong or terrible.  Almost half of the steak was fat and non edible.  Just trying to hard....Over priced period!!!!  Stay away from this place.  Better off going to place like Sakana or Yasu and pay fraction of the price for great food.
4	When my brother who lives in NYC and is a foodie who doesn't think twice about spending hundreds of dollars for a good meal comes to visit me, I feel THE PRESSURE to take him to a restaurant that will stand par with those of NYC standards.  So he was in town and I took him to Roka Akor- beautiful interior, wonderful service, delicious food- what's there not to like?Unfortunately, the night that we were there, the place just was not croweded so it didn't have the NYC vibe of the "it" restaurant of a crowd of people waiting for a table.  In fact, when we drove into the parking lot, my brother asked me if the place was open.Which was too bad because I thought the food that we had was really good- we had some sashimi and some items from the robata grill- all wonderfully prepared and full of flavor.  Well presented.In the end, we had a great dinner and although my brother was not overly impressed, we had a great time talking about the preparation and presentation of our various dishes and we walked away satisfied customers.
5	After about 20 visits, I thought it was time for an update!(Happy 2nd anniversary, u guys!)Sexy DecorZen-like atmosphereConsistant high standardsLuv the yummy mini burgersUnique & high-quality martinisFood and Drinks always arrive quicklyServers promptly attend to plate removalHappy "Hour" is currently all night long - Weeee :-)Just watching the ice carving every night is totally worth visiting!Chris: Thanx for all your consecutively great & attentive service at the bar - YOU RAWK :-)(wish you guys had an outdoor patio off the bar area)
5	I really love this place. I like that it is kind of tapa style so you can share with everyone at the table, but for those who don't like that sort of thing you can just get what you like. Everything is extremely fresh and the fact that they usually have Toro on the menu makes it that much better!
3	I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday, and we had reserved the side room in the back corner. It was very isolating and small for the number of people we had, yet ironically it was perfect as everyone was very loud. The service was very attentive, however, I'm not sure they needed to wipe down our table during our dinner. Not all the specialty drinks were that good: pear vodka, sake and mint did not make a good combo. The pork tenderloin was delicious with a sweet miso sauce, and highly recommend by me, to you. While we asked to split the cost of the first round of sake bombs only, our waitress still split every sake bomb after that to the group, which was unfair to the lighter drinkers. While I was expecting to pay a little more for this place, $11 for a California roll (which was the same size as a $5 California roll somewhere else) and $5 for a Coke (which she took away to refill and never returned) were big negatives to planning a return visit. The service had good intentions but felt a bit inexperienced.I'd recommend this as a great anniversary dinner or a nicer place for the more financially able. Not a great place for groups that plan on drinking for awhile as the bill quickly racks up over $60 per person.
5	usally i only find myself writting bad reviews on yelp so today i thought i would share wonderful experiences the head chef roman? is amazing we came talked to our table and even gave us a free app! lets see ive been to NOBU MASA and about 20 other trendy sushi spots but everytime i go to roka its just keeps getting better! best sushi ive ever had in my life love this place i need to check out the brunch soon cant wait to come back!!! only problem i ever had with this place was there was a fly in my sochochu (sp?) but who cares! the sushi is that good keep putn flys in my drink ill keep comn back for the sushi!!! :)
3	So excited when I got an email and facebook posting telling me to try the new Roka lunch.. ehhh.. after I drove with my friend from PV to Roka.. raving about the sushi and grill.. and telling her that she would LOVE it.. I found Roka empty.. seriously, we were the only ones in the place.. huh.. bad sign.. Im optimistic. The seating is in the bar area.. the menu is truly limited.. there are only 3 sushi rolls to choose from! WHAT???? I asked if I was missing the sushi menu, because in truth, I was disappointed.. I came for good sushi.. and NOW I was offered only 3.. not really a fan of serrano or yellow fin.. I ordered that roll over the salmon option.. and the avacado roll.. had a salad.. and $50 later.. Im leaving wanting more..
4	Finally made my way to this place after I first heard about it and it is pretty amazing.  Some of the items on the menu were very traditional to the izakaya concept, which is cool.  The sushi was pretty standard and very fresh, but no different from any other decent sushi place, as far as quality goes.  For the price, there are other places that one could go to for the same quality of sushi and sashimi.  The real standout at Roka is the their famed robata grill and this is something they do exceptionally well.  I would have like to have seen more meat skewers a-la-carte style in true izakaya fashion, but this is a minor detail and I've been told they have similar items in the lounge.  Just another reason to go back and again.
4	I just experienced lunch at Roka last week. We walked in and no one else was there dining. The host/server seemed a little confused and we asked about lunch, and he somehow 'got it'.. haha. Only the lounge area was open [I've never been during dinner, anyone want to take me?! Ha!], real nice and quiet, an oasis from the hustle-and-bustle of bright Scottsdale in the early afternoon. I had the passion fruit-mango iced tea and boy was that pretty! Pretty impressive for a typically-basic beverage. We came in with a sushi craving [I love my little baby, always wanting the good stuff] and were disappointed to see only three different kinds and a sashimi bowl available. I honestly was thinking of gorging on 5 different rolls and that was that, but I was thrown a curve ball. We decided on the avocado maki, the avocado-yellowtail maki, and a field greens salad and miso soup. I got over my inability to be a glutton, and I started to feel at peace with everything. No need to get pregzilla right? I did have to hit American Apparel afterward anyway, and with those slim cuts, I'd be shooting myself in the foot if I ate a huge meal when needing to check out swimsuits.. Anyway. The waiter was cute [and he smelled SO GOOD... thanks, hormones] and friendly, and was really good about refilling drinks and bringing our lunch promptly. Before we knew it, we were faced with a slew of healthy vittles and I was a happy camper. Everything was awesome, and satisfying, but not super filling. Perfect. The way Americans should eat.
4	Great Ambiance! Great Food! Great Service! Splendid Experience! Totally Recommend!+ Sushi: Fantastic+ Robata: ExcellentI'm just glad an International venue such as Roka reside in AZ! Go check them out!
5	Great restaurant. The food was amazing. Great flavors packed together on everything that we tried. A bit pricey but highly recommended to try.
1	Finally tried this place after all the hype. Decor and Atmosphere was nice.Food was horrible!!!!  The rolls were tiny which considering the taste was gross is probably a positive.  I was eating free "business dinner" and was still shocked at the price for the roll size and quality.  They should be asham of themselves bad.I will gladly go back to my "regular sushi joint"  Sushi Broker's.  Great happy hour, great atmosphere and most important great food.  This place sucks!!!
5	Although not a place I would go for my regular sushi jones, this is a great place for dates and other such special occasions. I made reservations and was called in advance to ask if I wanted anything special on the table or if I was "celebrating anything special". Upon arrival we were greeted by the seating hostess and taken to our table. The space is airy and trendy, someone described it as "zen" and I would agree. Very nice colors are used in the space.  Our server was a bit over-perky, but not over-bearing. His occasional attempts to get me to buy almost the most expensive thing on the menu was a bit annoying at times, but hey, dude's gotta sell. We decided on sushi, sake and tempura. All of our food was beautifully prepared and tasty, and my sake choice was delectable. Fish was fresh, did not have that "previously frozen" taste, and the rolls (Serrano Chili Hamachi Roll, Soft Shell Crab) were just excellent creations (albeit not your standard Japanese sushi roll). All the waitstaff were extremely attentive, ensuring that our water glasses and sake cups were never empty and that our table was not cluttered. When my date left for the bathroom, they even folded his napkin for him. Again, not a place I would go on a regular basis for sushi, but definitely a place for special occasions.
4	I've been here a couple of times for dinner and decided to check out their new lunch menu.Roka Akor is all about quality.  Quality decor, quality ingredients, quality preparation and quality service.I ordered their Beef Donburi lunch which came with miso soup and a small salad.  I thought the white miso soup was very flavorful and fragrant while not as salty as most misos.The beef donburi was a rice dish with plenty of juicy steak and sprouts on top. The light sauce really brought it all together.  Between the soup, salad and main dish I had plenty of food for $13.50.I also had a mango hibiscus tea which was not too sweet and was constantly refilled without having to ask by the attentive server at the bar.It's nice to have a lunch of this quality without breaking the bank.
5	One of the best sushi restaurants I have ever been to.  Do not go here if you are seeking some generic maki rolls.  The selection is very limited and did not taste all that great.  Appetizers and drinks are great.  The bar/lounge area is a great place to go on a date.  Sushi bar layout was nice as well.  Definitely not a casual place to go for dinner.  Love being on the expense code.  You go here for the japanese grill.  Get the specials for the night.  Mine was a kobe beef stuffed with some crap it tasted so delicious... yum...
2	Great atmosphere. This is a good place to go for a drink, but I'll never go back for sushi again. The sashimi was not especially fresh, the rolls were not memorable, and everything is overpriced. Even the happy hour menu was no good.
3	I have been wanting to go here for dinner for some time now but we were in the area around lunch so we tried it. The lunch menu is very limited. not much at all. I got the spare rib sandwich for $10. It came with carmelized onions purple cabage and a side of au ju, a small salad, and a small bowl of soup. It was good but a little smaller than I would have liked it. The GF got the chicken yakasoba nodddles. She liked it a lot. It was large plate of food and served with soup and salad for $9. not a bad deal. We both had the mango tea it was so good. I fyou get it ask for the sugar syrup to sweeten it up a little, they were so good we both got one to go. We also got a dessert. It was a smal piece of withe cake with some kind of custard like filling and topped with a fresh mango sauce and chopped mangos, and a small scoop of ice cream. The ice cream was a rice ice cream with some toasted nuts. It was God Dam delicious! Service was good but they were slow at the time we were there. Love the decour. We sat by the bar. Lots of light colored wood wich made it realy bright during the day. I thought lunch was good but probaly wont go out of my way to get it again. I do realy want to get dinner here.
5	Was skeptical at first. I mean how is it possible to get fresh sushi out in the middle of the desert? As it turned out, place was great. Food was delicious and service was excellent. Do yourself a favor and splurge on the  ROKA AKOR Rice Hot Pot, it was about the tastiest rice hot pot I have had. Imagine it like this, part risotto, part porridge, now add truffle oil and shitake mushrooms and herbs. It is awesome.Trying this place while visiting from LA did not disappoint. Will be back again.
4	We've been coming here a few times each month since it opened.  Because we are regulars, nearly all the servers recognize us and it is a great feeling to know you are among friends and are appreciated in a restaurant. We have been ignored by some of the most professional servers in the finest restaurants in the world - at ten times the price.  So we value our experiences at Roka.  We also love they are on Opentable.com so we get our points. The bar is wonderfully comfortable when it's not too crowded.  The food is consistently good and well presented.  Things move a bit slower when you have diners who have not been to the restaurant before and the servers have to explain every nuance of the place.  Despite that, the set-up is appealing, giving diners the option of the Sushi Bar or real dining tables.  Great for groups.  A fun experience.  The servers are professional and cordial.  Parking can be a bit challenging but going outside normal dining times can prevent those issues.  Please dress appropriately.  Tank tops and flip flops are NOT appropriate attire for this restaurant.  This is Scottsdale and resort chic is appreciated.  If you look as if you just came from the pool, you are not adequately dressed.  Otherwise, don't miss Roka Akor.  The vast menu is outstanding - nearly everything on the menu is worth having more than once.  If you have the Chicken Teriyaki, ask them to remove the skin and slice it down the middle for bite-size eating, particularly if you are using chopsticks.  Otherwise, it is difficult to manage.
4	This place still rocks for happy hour which now runs from 5-11pm daily. The Kobe beef burgers are only $2 and the Roka hamachi serrano chili rolls and butterfish tataki are both amazing.  Kirin and sapporo are $5 for a small bottle, $8 for a large.
5	WOW.came here for dinner with my family. (4 people total) We ordered two orders of maki rolls (there are eight in an order but they are quite small)- spicy tuna and the avocado roll. Fresh and delicious! The real highlight in my opinion was the 6-piece sashimi. I have NEVER tasted such incredibly fresh and delicious sashimi. It was divinity on a bed of ice. really.Also tried was the chicken teriyaki. I was hesitating because who orders chicken teriyaki at an upscale sushi restaurant? It seemed so childish. But we decided to order it. It was really good! Tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked with a crispy covering and yummy plum sauce!I think the real value of the night was the rice hot pot. You need to get this. It's only 10 bucks and there's a huge amount. It's basically like risotto with four kinds of mushrooms and a whole lot of deliciousness. I had a nonalchoholic raspberry ginger drink. It was extremely refreshing with a little kick because of the ginger. I also liked all the raspberry pulp on the bottom. Overall, delicious food, friendly service, tasty drinks, trendy atmosphere. GO HERE NOW.
5	Roka Akor is the new best place for sushi in town!  Helluva drive but hella worth it.The decor is absolutely stunning and a great place to go on those dates/anniversaries/birthdays/whatever days.  We asked for sushi bar seating and was seated right away.  The seating gave us a great view of their chef working on the sushi  rolls and they definitely were a piece of art.  Salmon sashimi served on a honking slab of ice??? Ingenious!!Didn't get a chance to try the kobe beef or the hot pot but the sushi was excellent.  Sapporo beer rounded out the awesome meal and the Tokyopolitan the girlfriend had was worth the money.  You pay for what you get and Roka Akor is as good as it gets.
5	My mouth waters at the mere mention of Roka Akor.Can't comment on the ambiance or service or prices...cause none of it mattered (the sushi was that good).
4	Do I even need to write a review after all the raving comments here? Maybe not, but I feel like my dining experience will be complete when I officially give Roka Akor props for such a fantastic meal. Lots of veggie options is a must for me, which is why I was so excited by their menu. While they only have one veggie roll - which is more delicious that any veggie roll I've ever eaten - they have so much more. From the burnt tomato salad to the butternut squash tempura....throw in a few broccolini and asparagus skewers and this veg head was in veg heaven. Beautiful presentation, beautiful flavors. I love the mesquite taste the food takes from the robata. My omnivore companions were drooling over their sushi and we were all floored by the rice hot pot. So many mushrooms! The removal of one star was due to the unfavorable attitude of the hostess - Honey, I'm not here to spend $50 on a meal and dine in a way that is convenient for you. Thanks for finally giving in and seating us outside at 9pm when the weather was gorgeous. Why did we have to insist when the patio was still open and all the tables were set?No matter - our experience with her was done in a jiffy. I think I'm still high on truffle oil and enokis or something, cuz I want to go again - like tonight.
5	My boyfriend took me to Roka Akor for my birthday this year, and I have never been there before. I love it! i liked how the restaurant was decorated, all the staff was very nice and approachable, and have some of the freshest sashimi! The first time I came here, they brought us the sushi of the day, and with fresh sea salt which they freshly scraped off this huge rock, that was very cool. everything was cooked right. i got the lamb cutlets, the meat fell perfectly off the bone. was delicious. the service was outstanding. I have no complaints.now they have happy hour from 5-close we always stop and grab some saki or even a saki-sangria or two :)
3	I honestly thought this was going to be the best meal ever.  Between all the hype and my love of unique and trendy places how can could it be less than stellar?Armed with a big and adventurous appetite as well as a $80 gift certificated I got from LocalDines for $40 (http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ...best deal around), my wife and I headed to Roka for an early dinner on Friday night.The place was pretty dead which was good, but became steadily more crowded as the night progressed.  The decor is nice and pretty standard for a trendy Scottsdaley place.  Our waiter was excellent and pretty helpful as well.  I don't really have any complaints about the place or the service.  My issue is with the price, food and all the people that say it is "amazing".Here is what we had.  My goal was to try as much of their stuff as possible mainly using Yelp reviews as a guide.* Shochu Sampler = interesting and pretty good.  Not worth the $18 for 3 shot glasses, but you should try shochu at least once.* Edamame = standard* Butterfish Tataki = standard* Pork Belly = good* Grilled Chicken = good but needed more sauce* Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll = standard* Rock Shrimp Tempura = standardWe also ordered 1 each of their robata grilled skewers.  99% of them aren't on skewers so I don't know why they call them that.  Anyway, they were all pretty good but are just basically grilled vegetables and nothing that special.  The sweet corn was excellent and definitely the standout "skewer".While nothing on the menu is insanely priced, it is a bit high for what you get.  I'm ok with paying too much just so long as the food tastes superior to what I would get at RA.
5	I really have nothing new to add, everything is really really great. The new menu is wonderful the desserts are great. I have yet to have something bad to say.. accept they dont have one in LA
4	Killer Bar Menu! (pretty sure this menu is served all night as long as you sit in the bar area)Their little chibi burgers are soooo tasty! They come with sliced avocado, tomato, and a nice wasabi aoli. They are a steal for $2 ea. and for $3 the portobello mushroom 'burger' is just as delicious!  Just about everything on the bar menu is really good, but they are served in micro portions and you can do some serious damage if you keep the orders coming.The sangria is very good to get your buzz on. It's fruity, but not overly sweet.  When you order certain cocktails the bartender cuts a cube directly from this big ice block that sits on the bar. I love the look of this place.  It has a beautiful solid wood bar nicely lit bar/lounge area, wine display, and really cool restrooms.  Usually a pretty mellow place.  Too bad, because it is so good!
3	Been here twice and I have to say the first time was better than the second. Our first trip, we ordered the Kaseki dinner and liked about 70% of the dishes that came out. We thought there was good variety and everything was cooked right...except for a couple of over-salted dishes. Second trip, we ordered omakase and boy were we disappointed! There were only about 3 dishes brought out that I can say were exceptional. The rest were subpar. Again, some dishes were too salty. I think they need to train their workers to ease up on the salt here. There was a fried sole tempura which wasn't very good because the fish was mushy. Who likes mushy fish? The only good thing about the dish was the presentation. We were disappointed in the omakase, because for the money, you would think that they would put in a little extra effort into the food creations. Instead, most of the dishes seemed to have been made because other people in the restaurant had ordered the same thing, so why not make 2 more for us? That's just plain lazy. The only positive thing I have to say about this place now is that they do have fresh fish, though the selection isn't that great. No fresh uni? No yellowtail? Disappointment. Staff here are great though, very well-trained service people. Even so, I think from now on I'd rather go to Yasu or Hiro.
3	My friends and I went to Akor with one objective: to go town on some seriously delicious sushi. I'm sad to report that we did not meet our objective. We wanted a lot of sushi. But the sashimi was overpriced. I mean, straight fish, no sauce, no nothing, super expensive. There was no reason for it. There are plenty more high quality fish served at half the price elsewhere.The rolls were disappointing, too, because they were overpriced as well. They were not that interesting. The spider roll was small and did not have good flavor. We didn't even finish it. We left three pieces on the plate. Our waiter was nice, but when we asked for a roll with crunch, he suggested the tempura shrimp ball things. We should have said no because eating a large bowl of fried shrimp was as far from our original objective as we could get. About half the bowl was left uneaten.The best dish we had was the butterfish, which is made with Escolar. It's delicious but has the potential to make you sick, if eaten too much. It's fatty. I would expect a signature dish at a high-end restaurant to be made of higher quality fish. But, it was good, for sure. The service is outstanding and the interior is attractive. It is loud, though, so if you're with a group that enjoys great conversation, sit outside.The most outstanding dish was a small plate of grilled peppers. It would have been more amazing if I was in the mood for cooked veggies.
3	once your ears and eyes have recovered from over-stimulation by way of too-loud music, waiters who can barely hear you, strange lighting, and fancy filled vases, take care of your taste buds:- skip the cooked food, it's over-salty and over-priced- fresh sashimi was awesome. extra props to Roka for including o-toro and chu-toro on our platter!- sit at the robata grill. friendly smiles = friendly service (and extra food!)- don't be fooled by $4.50 edamame.- drink lots of water (for all that salt!)then hug your fellow diner for keeping you company, and rub your tummy for good luck (and digestion).
3	Nothing to complain about with regard to the food -- it was flippin fantastic! The waiter was exceptional until after our entree course was delivered. After then, he could care less that we were there and moved on to other tables. He left us with the overworked backwaiter who, to his credit, tried, but was overwhelmed. We would have ordered desert, but after waiting a half hour for someone to come back decided to leave.
4	Been here twice.  Very cool place with unique fresh dishes.- they serve a rice liquor that's a touch weaker than vodka (good stuff)- chee burger (awesome)- steamed clams with red miso- aspargus- some sort of pot stickerish dish- variety of sashimiAll great.  Plus, they usually have specials, which are fabulous.
3	We checked this place out for drinks and thought it was pretty cool!  Good location, great atmosphere and decent drinks!
2	Really wanted to love it.  And really didn't!I was excited to see what was described as an "izakaya" style lounge - perhaps my favorite way to enjoy Japanese food -  but let me tell you, this ain't no izakaya.An izakaya, by definition, has a certain rustic and friendly feel, catering to drinkers with simple and earthy dishes.  This place is the absolute antithesis of that aesthetic.We dropped by for Happy Hour, hoping for an izakaya type experience.  We had four items from the food menu.  They were OK.  The "izakaya butterfish"  was three tiny, razor-thin slices of fish - literally smaller and thinner than a slice of gari - for five bucks.  Even at five bucks, it was a rip-off.  Silly, actually.  Perhaps half an ounce of fish if not less.  And this is the "happy hour" menu?  The little cheeseburgers were, well, little cheeseburgers.  Modern Steak does a much nicer version with less pretension. The skewered vegies were okBasically, their "izakaya" menu had a complete absence of actual izakaya dishes.  Sigh.  Just a more pretentious (and much more expensive) version of RA Sushi for people who don't really want to try anything different.  Hence, cheeseburgers.  Does everything in America always have to come down to cheeseburgers? It's sad.The design is attractive and very modern but again, not by any stretch of the imagination what most people would identify as an "izakaya."  The concept is not supposed to be to serve little tiny over-priced dishes in an antiseptic atmosphere.  (This is so NOT how Japanese food is supposed to be!)Neither the staff nor the customers were particularly friendly.  My wife was the only Asian person visible in the restaurant. I think most Japanese people would be simply bewildered by this restaurant's food, style and atmosphere.  It also had that kind of creepy vibe unique to Scottsdale that I can only describe as "hostile pick up bar," a kind of weird combination of sexual energy and animosity.  Ick. (And what's up with that by the way?)Based on our experience at the bar, I can't really imagine a circumstance where we'd go back.  Nothing that we ate - or saw - was particularly interesting and the attitudinous staff and creepy customers put us off.
2	Price to value ratio is not worth it.Extremely small portions and unique/exotic taste.Takes forever to get bartender's attention.
4	Good but a bit pricey.The bartender was fabulous as we didn't even look at the drink menu.  He just asked us what we liked and then he gave us drinks and they were all good, especially the pineapple infused sochshu.  That is a good bartender.  he is also recommended food.we had the butterfish wrapped white asparagus with a citrus glazed, semi raw - it was tender and delicious.  We also had their signature dish of serrano chili topped hamachi sushi - which was tasty.  We had to have sweet potato tempura which was served with a green tea sea salt - yummy.
4	We spent almost a week in Scottsdale and by far, this was my favorite restaurant! Although there are about 7-10 traditional sushi rolls, it's really about the grilling menu that makes it so unique. I also love the open dining area and you can see the chefs preparing your food on the robata grill. We ordered the soft shell crab roll and pork belly for appetizers - very tasty. For dinner we shared the Black Cod Miso and that was my very favorite thing on the menu! Light, buttery and sweet, and grilled. We loved our dinner so much we ended up coming here two more times during our trip but ate at the bar for happy hour (5pm-10pm!). I would have given it 5 stars, but the portions were just a wee bit small for the price (a black code skewer was $5 at happy hour, but literally it was like 2 bites big!). Check out the block of ice in the bar and how the bartender cuts it for shochu drinks...pretty interesting to watch!
5	For one thing, I'd like to let everyone know that Roka Akor officially has the best looking male staff ever.  I mean, are they kidding me with this? It's like they were ordered from a damn Abercrombie catalog.  At the risk of sounding like a total creeper (too late), that was almost as good as the food.All creepiness aside, a coworker took me here for a belated birthday dinner using a localdines.com coupon and everything was perfect from start to finish. To start with, she somehow got her dates mixed up and the coupon had actually expired in August, but the awesome manager reissued her a new one AND let her use it on a Saturday (despite the new stipulations saying otherwise), which was very, very nice of her, considering it saved us $80 on our meal.We both got the Summer Tasting menu. The softshell crab salad appetizer was incredible. The roasted peppers were very good too, but seriously, just get the soft shell crab. I mean, it's freaking deep fried crab. We also had an order of butterfish tataki because we had heard amazing things about it. It wasn't QUITE the mouthgasm I expected, but I think that may have been a result of obscenely high expectations. It was still very good.I got Salmon as my entree which had an awesome charred finish and really good flavor. She got the cumin rubbed pork, which was perfectly seasoned and pretty much amazing all around.  The portions are way larger than I would expect for a fancy schmancy place like this. I don't even know how someone would finish a whole tasting menu, considering they give you like a pound of rice (which is more like a delicious mushroom risotto) for two people. We definitely couldn't finish it, but we still managed to pretty much inhale the green tea custard with banana foam dessert. So, so, SO good. Our server was very personable and knowledgeable on both the menu items and the history of the restaurant. They were also awesome enough to bring us two glasses of champagne after dessert for my birthday! They said they usually do free dessert, but since we already had dessert with our tasting menu, I got booze instead! Always an appropriate substitution.I thought the menu would actually be a lot pricier than it is, but it's really not bad enough that I can't see myself returning in the near future, particularly for the atmosphere (and by atmosphere I mean hot waiters...okay seriously, I'll stop now).Definitely a five star experience! Can't wait to go back to try the sushi.
5	My girl Vanessa & I were in the mood for sushi Saturday night & we decided that Roka Akor was going to be our destination! I loved the modern look of everything about this place, from the dim lighting to the stylish furnishings. I can't believe we never checked out the bathrooms though, 2 girls sipping drinks & no restroom trip? Boo us! We opted to sit at the bar & took 2 seats facing the restaurant. I started off with a Kirin light ($5 for a 12 oz bottle) & V got a glass of white wine. Off of the Izakaya (aka happy hour) menu we ordered: the Kobe beef & Kimchi dumplings (3 pieces for $5), their signature Hamachi Serrano Chili roll (6 pieces for $5), their signature Butterfish Tataki (3 pieces for $5) & the Cremini mushroom with soy garlic butter skewer (3 pieces for $2). Loved them all except the roll, I guess we are wimps because we thought it was too hot. I hate doing so but V sent it back, they were cool about it & didn't charge us for it. Disappointed with our sushi (the main reason for going out!), we decided to try a couple other rolls off of the regular menu. We ordered the Spicy tuna & their signature Soft Shell crab rolls. The tuna was delicious but we've both had better else where. I thought the soft shell was ok but V hated it, the warm crab just rubbed her the wrong way I guess. She wanted to return that roll as well but I stopped her, I felt bad! Still feeling hungry, (we must sound like major fatties w/all the food we ordered but I swear, small portions!) we couldn't resist & ordered the Prime beef filet w/chili ginger sauce (medium rare). OH EM GEE!!! This was definitely the favorite of the night, it was so tender it melted in our mouths! The sauce was tasty as well. Oh & we also shared their signature Blood orange margarita, one of the best cocktails I've had in a while! With all that food & drink our total came to about $100 (including tip), not bad at all for the location & quality of food. So our dinner didn't go exactly as planned but we had a great time & would definitely come back again, just not for the sushi!
5	...
3	Went here for a friends birthday dinner and this place was pretty packed on a Saturday night. The atmosphere was pretty nice and the service  was good. We started off with some appetizers steamed edamame which was great, the calamari was good but I'm kinda used to dipping my calamari into some type of dipping sauce which they didn't have...it was just a piece of lime that came with it so it wasn't the best. There was also the Robata-Grilled Japanese Shishito Peppers with Ponzu and Bonito Flakes, this was ok but kind of an odd taste and its kinda spicy...i didn't like it too much. As a dinner entree we ordered the soft shell crab roll and let's just say I wasn't impressed. Overall, this place was way overpriced considering the fact that their sushi wasn't even that great. And I thought it was nothing really special.If it was good I would understand and wouldn't have mind, but it was just eh and didn't care for it. I probably wouldn't go back here for sushi maybe just for drinks or something.
5	This review is for lunch.  I've been here for dinner twice and though food / service / ambiance is excellent - I'm not hip enough for it.  Recently, thanks to Yelp, I was looking for a sushi place, for lunch with the girl's and came upon Roka Akor.   I saw that they served lunch and that they had a special.  And special it is! Soup, salad and THREE hand rolls.  For such a high end place the price was hugely reasonable.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Think I'm gonna have to go back tomorrow now.
5	We were in town visiting family and just having a really long, taxing day. We decided to drive out to Scottsdale to find something to eat and found this place on yelp. Walked in around 730 on a Saturday night to a packed house. We ended up sitting at the sushi bar which was definitely the right move. You get to watch all the action, have a great meal, and look at the really nice decor of the restaurant from there. Or server, leilani, was amazing. She was attentive, informed, offered great recommendations, and was very friendly. There were a couple nigiri specials we tried, one a crab with truffle butter, and one a wagyu beef. If these are available then don't hesitate, just order. YUM! We also tried some striped bass, hamachi, grilled zucchini with miso mustard, butterfish, and also split the filet entree. Everything was awesome. One of the top 2-3 meals we've ever had.  We will definitely know where to escape to next time we're in Arizona visiting family.
5	Eat here!  I felt like a guest judge on Iron Chef.  We were a private party of 12 or so, in the small, but modern "back" room.  Service was great.  Quick to bring yummy sake to start.  Our group was served an expanded kaiseki menu.  Four small japanese tapa-like apps. The menu changes monthly, so i'll spare you the details, except that everything was wonderful.  The waitresses kindly responded to my repeated questioning "what is in this?" And they actually knew the answers.The appetizer courses were separated by a serving of sushi.  By far the most bland pat of the meal.  Then came a four foot long serving tray of shashimi, and plates of robata grilled meat.  The shasima was atop artfully melted ice blocks.  Very "cool."Deserts were flavorful, also.  Nothing bad to say, except bring a lot of money.Ambiance: modern, chic japanese, but not tackyService: kind and promptFood:  f...ing awesome!
3	Food was ok but not what I would expect for the price.
2	BOOO!Came in for a late afternoon snack...and to my dismay....They totally changed the bar menu! They took my beloved chibi burgers and mushroom burgers away!  They also did away with the sake sangria that I loved! This time I had to settle for a blood orange margarita. :( It was good, but when I saw the bartender make it with Jose Cuervo, I limited myself to one. I got an order of hamachi nigiri to cheer me up. It was just okay. It also was a hefty $12 for some pretty puny pieces. Not really worth it.  Neither was the $11 for one order of grilled snap peas (served in a mystery sauce) and edamame. If you want robata and sushi save your money and go eat in LA!
5	Three things I need to say about Roka Akor:1. Best sushi restaurant I have ever been to.2. Best restaurant (ignoring price) that I have been to in Arizona.3. Extremely expensive. I think it is more like $$$$ than the $$$ listed on yelp.
5	this review is for the GM joy S.  Joy contacted me after my not so great experience with roka akor she was very helpful and her willingness to help and make things right was over the top.  Let me make sure i get this clear Roka Akor has out of this world food although one experience might have turned me off to this place Joy helped change my mind and ill be happy to write another review about their food when i visit again.  Thanks again Joy!!
5	ok finally went back to roka last night and im speechless im not sure if it was the amazing service by the GM Joy or one of the greatest servers ive ever had Casey.  They sat us in a small table in the back corner which was great.  When i came in i knew everything i wanted to order but that soon changed after casey started to tell me about their specials.  We ordered the rock shrimp tempura which is half the price as what we are used to  paying at NOBU in LA and 10000 times better here at roka.  Next came this scallop flamed seared with king crab avocado and who knows what else see the pictures every bite was pure happiness.   Casey helped us to decide on some great sashimi selections.  The salmon sashimi there is out of this world its hard to explain that a piece of fish in the AZ desert is fresher than anything ive ever had in LA or NYC. But it was!  then came our steak i wish we had went for the a3 waygu but my GF decided to only have the filet.  Here again who would believe that steak at roka akor is BETTER than at masteros or Morton's.  The steak melts in your mouth its unbelievable  Im not a big fan of desert but this huge desert platter was served for my GFs birthday.  And im sure i was eating what other reviewers called the "snozberry" i hate coconut everything but found myself eating it all i couldn't stop!  January is Steak month at roka so we will be back shortly and if i can ever find the time i would love to do the sushi classes.  Bottom line thank you Joy for changing our minds and if you want a server who will give even the best foodies a run of their knowledge ask for CASEY!  OH and anyone who complains about the price get real this is some of the best food you will have and the prices are 1/3 what you will pay in LA or NYC with food that is out of this world delicious
5	The best sushi...the best sushi experience...the nicest interior design of any sushi restaurant I've ever been to. Roka rates in my Top 10 restaurants of all time. Right up there with CUT in Beverly Hills, Picasso in Las Vegas and Kai in AZ. It's hard to compare this place to any other Sushi restaurant because it would be like comparing a good Kobe Fillet to a regular fillet. Sure, they're both cows... but cummon. These guys get it right all the way around!
5	Wow. It was pleasantly surprising to find such a good Japanese restaurant in Scottsdale. I came here with my parents as I was in the area for the holidays.Casey was our waiter and probably one of the best I've ever had. He has such intimate knowledge of the entire menu and how everything is prepared. Don't hesitate to ask him anything as he knows all the details and as eaten pretty much everything on the menu.Everything we ordered below was really good. Many of them were signature dishes. Casey also had good recommendations.Appetizers:- Butterfish tataki- Grilled pork belly (MUST MUST get this! mmmm :P)Sushi:- Sashimi sampler 5 (The kampachi was soooo good!)- Hamachi and serrano chili makiGrilled stewers: Both of these are a must- Sweet potato- Sweet cornEntrees:- Korean spiced lamb chops- Yuzu miso black cod- Rice and mushroom hotpotDesserts: Both of these were excellent with really unique homemade ice creamMango and vanilla cake with toasted rice ice creamVanilla panna cotta with yuzu ice creamDrinks:2x large AsahiGreen teaCome with lots of time and lots of money. Although they have many expensive/indulgent dishes, most are reasonably priced. Our dinner came out to about $70/person including tax/tip.If you decide to go, request a table in Casey's area. I can't imagine anyone there knowing more than he does, except for probably the chefs or owner. Make a reservation as this place gets packed pretty quickly. I'll definitely have to go back next time I'm in Scottsdale. Fortunately, my parents have a condo a few miles away. :D
5	SIMPLY AMAZING.  I am a foodie and frequent sushi & Japanese spots across the nation - including a recent visit to Morimoto in NYC (of Iron Chef acclaim) and who would have thought the best Japanese food experience I would have would be in Scottsdale?!?!  I'm from Chicago & spend time in NYC - - how is this possible??  Roka Akor blew all expectations out of the water.  The dining experience reminded me of my visit to the French Laundry - the standard for a high quality dining experience with unparalleled food, decor and atmosphere.  Decor was elegant, rich, architectural and well thought out.   Staff was professional, service was top notch with just the perfect amount of conversation.  Best in class GM - her name is Joy - and she knows how to cater to the customer.  We had so many people waiting on us I don't have room to list them all.  The food.... you can't begin to imagine how amazing... I highly recommend the sushi platter  - presentation looks more like art than food and the palate is unreal that there can be so many different flavors and textures from fish I've eaten a hundred times.  It's almost scientific in the way they perfectly balance the pairings.   They get it - they know soy overwhelms yellow fish, they know just how to make the cut of sashimi that melts like butter in your month, they know how to balance the flavors in ways I have never experienced and which I found truly insightful and enthralling.   I also highly recommend the ribs from the ROBATA GRILL.  It was in this moment that I knew this place was no "sushi spot" in this one type fits all mass market society.  You know that feeling you get when you discover a real "game changer" before everyone else - that's exactly the feeling I have when I think about the Roka Robata Grill.   I've never seen it done like this before and with such breadth in the menu.  It's UNREAL ....  there are no words to describe the food experience from the Robata Grill... you must simply experience it to understand why I'm talking about.  I also mentioned the atmosphere - awesome, very cool, chic, authentic and definitely SIT AT THE COUNTER (if you can get a space).  I found myself with my neck turned all night watching their head executive chef - CHEF CE BIAN work with precision and rhythm.   It was clear that the place was also the place to "see and be seen" but not in a cheesy way - a much more upscaled toned down confident way and definately inviting to all groups.  Honestly, the place is undervalued.  In Chicago or NYC, they could easily double the prices.  Someone mentioned  they are opening up a new location in Chicago and I just confirmed it on their website.  All I can say is watch out Japonais, Sunda, Nomi....  this place has you beat on all levels and Chef Ce Bian will be turning heads in a big way.  I simply can't wait to experience it again and all without a 3 hour plane ride!!!!
3	Seeing so many 5-star reviews,I almost feel bad giving them only 3 stars, but - it has to be said ... This is really a 5 star / 1 star review.  The food - undoubtedly 5 star; everything everyone says about the food is correct - fresh, top of the line, well prepared, well presented.  No question.  But - there are elements to the experience that to me completely ruin it, considering the price.  1) I call for a reservation; first a guy answers, talks to me nicely for a few minutes, then says 'let me transfer you to the hostess'; on hold listening to gibberish for a while, then; hostess asks me for my phone number ... ok, not sure why you need it but lets do it ...; "first name" ... ok, I guess you want that too; "last name" ... wtf, this is getting annoying ... but I give it anyway ... "can you spell that please" ...OMG ... if you have my phone number, and my first name, why do you need my last name?! ... and spelled out ... ?! It's a restaurant reservation, not an airline reservation! 2) We sit at the 'robato/sushi' bar.  Great view, watch all the action. Couldn't be better, except - there's an icy cold wind blowing down from the vents. Now, this is January - about 45 degrees outside. Thank goodness I was wearing a jacket and scarf, because I needed it - though I like to take off such things once I get inside.. I live in Phoenix because I LIKE THE WARMTH ... I don't want to be frozen to death while I eat (this is one of my pet peeves with many places in Phoenix ... it's as if they setup their A/C in July and just leave it on all through the winter ... either that or, the wait-staff and kitchen staff control the A/C and since they are running around being busy, they like the temp to be cold ... but we patrons are sitting idly, not exactly overheating! A new couple arrived and sat at my side, and asked 'is this cold to you?' - so this wasn't just me. 3) I was in the middle of an interesting conversation with my partner, when I heard "pardon the interruption; may I take your plate?".  The girl was a cute blonde, typical Scottsdale material.  If I'm in the middle of a conversation, I'm obviously busy, and being interrupted for the matter of a plate removal is just ... bad service.  If they are delivering hot, fresh, food, then of course interrupt me, but ... removal of empty plate? This, to me, smacks of lack of training ... any 'quality' server knows that you don't interrupt for no good reason.  We also had a few 'pardon my reach' comments, when they reached over to pour my beer. Now, if they want to avoid reaching, they could pour the beer on the serving tray, THEN reach over briefly to place on the table, but ... instead they place the empty glass on the table then lean over and pour for what seems like an age ... Again, food was fanstastic but these things detract from the overall experience.
5	The most impressive quality of sushi and sashimi! I highly satisfied. The price is more expensive but the quality of the food is superb. They have the best ama Ebi Nigiri in the town! The shrimp is so sweet and the sushi is superb. What strikes me the most is their cremini mushroom. It's just so addictive and once you eat it all the wonderful taste of mushroom and the smell of BBQ just melt into your mouth and leave you with a memorable taste that makes you craving for more. Tried their 3 sashimi chef collections and all fish (salmon, tuna and white fish) are number 1 quality. So fresh! Got to try their unique crispy rice BBQ with soy sauce too as it looks like a corn dog. And their roka akor cherrano chili roll is impressive! Overall I will get back as soon as I could cause that cremini mushroom and ama Ebi are so hard to forget!
4	Love this place, it's uber chic, however I was a little disappointed to see they took drinks off of the after-5 happy hour offerings. The bill rose very quickly as we celebrated my friend's Happy 30-something birthday. Mind you, there were about 35-40 of us there...Nevertheless, the happy hour menu is delicious, and I always have a wonderful time there. I had to take a star away because of the drink thingy. OUCH! Next time I'll have to make it a 'Pleasant Hour' instead of a 'Happy Hour'. ;)
5	My last trips to Roka (4 times maybe?) have been consistently great, and feel like it's time for a update. Especially to my last trip on Dec. 23rd. Five of us in the lounge, dinner didn't start until 9pm (blame all to me that I arrived late...), so everything was ordered when I arrived (and I didn't mind at all). And a side note, we shared everything! Here's the little recap and I might have forgotten some:*Appetizer: - Always a great star, can never have enough!-Butterfish Tataki with Asparagus-Salmon Avocado Roll-Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll*Entrees: - "You'll be very full, but save some room for dessert, more to come!"-Lobster Tempura (offered occasionally) - AMAZING!! Since they don't have it everyday, if it just happens on a day you are there, get it! You won't regret it!-Robata Grilled Lamb Cutlets - The dish had a very nice presentation, and it just looks tasty. But the guys took them all. I can have it next time, right?-Prime Ribeye - Prepared medium rare, and were sliced to strips for us to share, with the Wafu dressing, it was just melting to my mouth!-Rice Hot Pot with Mushrooms - I love the mushrooms!-Grilled Corn & Mushrooms - Fresh and sweet corn, I just want some more!*Dessert: - Yes, 3 desserts for 5 people, I love how the night was ended with these sweets! They all have very pretty presentation that just make you want to have some, and from the time you pick up your spoon, you don't want to put it down till it's gone. I love desserts! -Warm Toffee Cake-Fresh Mango and Vanilla Cake-Baked Green Tea Custard - favorite!!!*Drinks:Three of us had the Shochu infusion cocktails (pineapple and cranberry), and the other two had some kind of beers.. Not a lot to say since all my attention went to the food :p.Overall service was equally excellent! And because we started late, we were the last table to leave... Now I wanna some more!
4	A very impressive quality of sushi and sashimi! I was highly satisfied!The price is more expensive but the quality of the food is superb. They have the best ama Ebi Nigiri in the town! The shrimp is so sweet and the sushi is superb. Tried their 3 sashimi chef collections and all fish (salmon, tuna and white fish) are number 1 quality. So fresh!  Did also dabble in a couple not sashimi style sushi.Got to try their unique crispy rice BBQ with soy sauce too as it looks like a corn dog. And their roka akor cherrano chili roll is impressive!For the non sushi person, they offer plenty to choose from as well, yakasoba noodles, Robata grilled skewers and entrees to mention.Also offer an extensive sake menu,specialty drinks and Shochu infusions. I had a Saketini.  Great place for lunch, dinner and happy hours!
3	On Saturday night, my girlfriends and I decided that sushi was going to be the meal of choice before a night out on the town. We we're painfully aware of our sushi rut and were very excited to try something new (especially a place that has food happy hour prices from 5-cl-we're all struggling students/ just graduated and enjoy amazing food, we don't always have the pockets to fund our eating habits).  We arrived around 9ish and we're graciously welcomed and seated in the lounge. I enjoyed to decor it was sleek, sexy and modern. I would not recommend saki bombing there, you have to buy the saki and beer separate. Our waitress was nice and meant well, but things just took that extra 5 minutes too long (and it wasn't very crowded). Since we were going out to Scottsdale afterwards we ate light. We tried the Salmon Avocado Roll, Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll, edamame, spicy salmon roll and the kobe burgers. The  sushi was extremely fresh and Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll really stood out, it had just enough kick. The kobe burgers we're just the right size and full of flavor. I enjoyed the experience but wouldn't recommend it for that pre-sushi spot before going out on the town (which I don't think is what Roka is going for anyways).
3	We are very experienced sushi eaters, spanning three decades, so it is a little tough to impress us. We enjoyed our choices, but wasn't overwhelmed like some of the other reviewers. The restaurant is beautiful and we were impressed by the kitchen (as we sat at the bar). Our server was very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. We thought the prices were high for what we received, and a little disappointed that they didn't offer sake under $28 a bottle (approximately 6 small cups). Our server did make a mention that the sake cups were from Japan, but it still didn't justify the cost of the bottle. They were very accommodating with my food allergy, and the food was served expediently. I think that is because they want to move the guests in and out quickly. For a very large space, they don't have a lot of tables, so I would strongly recommend reservations, or plan on eating at the bar. Overall, it was nice, but not sure if I would rush back when visiting Scottsdale again.I'm giving it 3 stars because I can see how it would be a popular place, due to the ambiance, service and selections. I just don't think it is "as good as it gets."
4	I am a HUGE fan of Roka Akor.  I am very picky with my sushi and Roka is truly top-notch!Go for happy hour and order the Butterfish Tataki, burgers, Softshell crab with Mizuna, Hamachi Serrano Chili roll---those are all amazing. Off the Happy hour menu---the Pork Belly is fantastic, as well as the Kobe Beef.  You really can't go wrong on the food here.  I would have given this place 5 stars, but recently the young brunette girl at the front was very rude---when people walk in, please smile and be welcoming!  Thank you!
4	One thing I really like about Roka is its versatility: you can visit several times and have a totally different experience each time. Relax in the loungey bar area and take advantage of the all-night happy hour tidbits, sit at the sushi/robata bar and schmooze with the chefs and enjoy their recommendations, or grab a private table and sit back for some pampering.The food is just as versatile. The bar menu offers several cooked and raw dishes, and the happy hour prices can't be beat (give the shochu infusions a try, too). Dining menus include traditional sushi preparations, innovative raw fish, and several cooked options - including the hands-down best miso black cod I've tasted.I've tried the Kaiseke tasting menu ($68 pp), five courses culled from the sushi bar and the robata grill, and the deluxe sushi platter ($38). Both were enjoyable, but the robata portions of the Kaseki menu were way too large for my appetite; on the other hand, I was still quite hungry after finishing the sashimi platter and ended up splitting a full dinner entree with my dining companion.Service has always been attentive, and the restaurant has some really beautfiul details. In my opinion, it's the type of place that's comfortable for a casual dinner, but is still worthy of a special occasion.
4	Good sushi, my roll had serrano peppers, avocado and was the house special.  It was certainly good sushi, I've had better but not by much.  Our server was great, the place had a cool hip feel to it.  I really enjoyed it, not quite enough to get me up to 5 stars, but very good.
5	Hands down one of the top restaurants in the Phoenix Metro area. Period. Consistently impressive and a great place to take guests or have that special occasion meal.
4	Fresh, tasty, and creative in presentation. The sushi is really good, probably some of the best in AZ. The house sake and the rice vodka drink they do is pretty good. I'll go again.
4	Best sushi in the desert!  Been here twice now and both times I was very impressed.  Service here was impeccable and I really enjoyed the Shochu - they serve it with an ice wedge chipped off a block of very clear ice.  The highlight for me was the green tea creme brulee for desert - and when I think of the best deserts I've ever had, this one always comes to mind.  I also enjoyed their vegetable skewers and the sweet potato was out of this world.  I also ordered a pre-dinner salad and it was super fresh.  For dinner, the sushi melts in your mouth.
4	Well okay! this place seems to have the best sashimi that i've found in Scottsdale area.  It makes me sad that it is so expensive to get fresh sashimi here but you are smack dab in the middle of a desert!  I'm not sure. I think i would like to give it a 3.75 star rating. the service and ambiance are excellent... The food also good.. but not awesome. I just feel like it is overpriced.  I'm not being a cheap-o either. I think you are spending 4 bucks per single of sashimi here.
5	Dear Roka Akor, Is it ok if i just call you Roka? I feel that we are on a 'first-name' basis now. It was just recently, that I met you...but you came into my world like a whirlwind...i hope you can look past the fat rolls that are inevitably going to form. Every meeting has been amazing, but the last time was unlike anything I've ever experienced. It was Valentine's Day and you had a romantic evening planned for me. Even though I've had experiences with tasting menus (wink wink), yours was by far the best. Butterfish Tataki with White Asparagus Kumomoto Oyster with Yuzu Sashimi Selection Lobster Miso Soup with Wakame Yuzu Marinated Black Cod w/ Robata Grilled Asparagus with Sweet Soy Creekstone Prime Filet and Chili Ginger Sauce w/ Robata Grilled Mushrooms with Soy Garlic Butter Japanese Wild Mushroom Risotto Double Chocolate Ganache Cake Everything was delicious. You even made me like mushrooms! I was full, content and happy. Then it happened - you wanted me to pay?! 79 bucks? AND I had to tip you? I thought I was special...that we had something!!! It's ok though. You were worth every penny. And even though you make me feel a little dirty and very guilty, I can't wait to meet with you again. Passionately, Jana
4	Came here a couple nights ago to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Had their happy hour menu out in the patio area.My friend and I split some dishes.  We had the soft shell crab sandwich, the beef sandwich, and the sea bass skewer from the robata grill.  All tiny portions for $5 . . . and that was fine with us since the quality and flavor of each dish was EXCELLENT.  We were very happy with our selections and talked about coming back to sample the rest of the dishes on the happy hour menu!
5	Everything about this place was AMAZING!! The food, the sakes, the service, and the ambiance exceeded my expectations. We decided to do the tasting menu and had it paired with sakes. The chef came to our table and asked if there were any restrictions. From there on out the food and sakes started flowing. Jason was the chef and Wes was our waiter. They both took very good care of us, but everyone on the restaurant staff was very friendly. I will definitely be back on my next trip to Scottsdale.
5	I could easily eat here every day and not get bored.The robata grilled meat and veggies are generally spectacular. Yuzu miso-marinated black cod, grilled scallops with shiso and wasabi, burnt tomato salad with soy dashi, baked green tea custard with caramelized banana and vanilla - presented with artistic flair and lip smackingly brilliant. I cannot rave about it enough basically. Go, you won't be disappointed.
5	Quality and first class service is what makes Roka Akor what it is.  I was impressed with their selections at a Yelp event, and they gave a coupon for free appetizer.  I decided to check it out tonight.  From the moment I walked in to moment I walked out, there was ultimate care from every person.  I must have been asked how was I was doing at least 20 times throughout the evening.  In addition, my tea cup and soy sauce was automatically refilled before I knew it.  They treated my friend and I as though were were regulars, which felt great.The food quantity was smaller, but it was delicious.  We had a scallop type appetizer, spicy tuna rolls, and prawn roll.  I have never had prawn roll and it was quite excellent.At the end of my meal, the Matrie D gave him his business card if I wanted to set up a special evening in the future with reservations.  I simply have never been given this much care and treatment ever while dining.
2	We decided to dine here during our stay in Scottsdale, as it was rated one of the top 10 restaurants in the U.S. by Bon Appetit. Hmmm...not sure I would agree on this one. The food and service were good, but for the prices and what you get, I would intend to disagree. I was first impressed that the chefs communicated in Japanese saying 'onegaishimasu' with the waiters to come and pick up the food, but in the end was quite offended when they began to shorten the word to 'mas'. What the heck does 'mas' mean in Japanese? Certainly nothing!
5	I went there for their new brunch  service.   It was fantastic.  Really genuine and unique dishes and of course the service was fantastic as well.  It truly is a great brunch!
5	This restaurant was amazing. The service was pretty good. A little forced with their manners and courtesy but they tried and were attentive. Very young and maybe even a little inexperienced staff. However; the food made up for anything that could be construde as a negative! The atmosphere was also nice. A little too bright inside I thought. We ordered based on the waiter's recommendation, the lobster tempura which was $68 but so delicious!! Presentation was incredible on everything. The tempura asparagus was a great compliment to our beef entrees. My friend ordered the Japanese Wagyu meat which is highly exclusive and was priced at $10 and oz. So amazing though we both had some and thought it was worth it! They served it with two salt dishes, a black lava salt and white truffle and they accented the flavor perfectly. I ordered the filet that came with a chili ginger sauce. Also delicious! The meal was amazing, presentation and serveware was beautiful. Their wine list really surprised us. We did have to correct the bill at the end as they charged us $130 for a bottle of Roar which was featured on the menu for $90. This would be a place you could take your girlfriend for her birthday or someone you want to really impress. Best Japanese food I've ever had, hands down!
4	Yummy!! Ordered the asparagus from the grill, BBQ rice, spicy avocado roll and spicy prawn roll. Everything was fabulous. Unagi roll was ok. Wonderful atmosphere and great service.
4	Great impression when you walk in the door.  Not many restaurants look like Roka.  Very unique and tasty dishes, and some of the best seafood in AZ.  Go on an empty stomach and share lots of dishes with friends.  A little spendy but definitely one of those great meals.  Great bar scene, fun people wtaching, and a good buzz in the restaurant.Only reason I gave 4 vs 5 stars with the price...a meal for two is likely going to be $100 with a drink each.  Yet my wife and I still find ourselves back here often!
5	Let me start by saying, I didn't have much to eat here only an app., but the service and wine was amazing. From the Hostess, to the Manager to the Server, everyone was great! Everyone had a smile on their face and seemed to actually enjoy their job. It was a nice change from the norm in Scottsdale. The main person that stood out to me was the manager Art, he was so accommodating and went ABOVE and BEYOND to take care of me and my friend, even checked in on us from time to time. We went at dinner time and even tho the patio was closed, they let us sit out there for some privacy. The patio was totally covered with small openings thru the slats. GREAT PATIO! Art brought out some wine that rarely was opened by the glass and gave us the rest of the bottle to sample, it wasn't for me, but he was very accommodating and very helpful.  I selected some white (lighter) wine that he recommended, which was about $14 a glass, I think MoMo was the name. The server was really nice as well and when we got rained out from the patio, he brought our stuff into the bar area for us. I will definitely be back to have dinner, because if the food, which from the other reviews looks like it, is anything like the service. I cant wait! Thank you Roka Akor and Art for showing me what customer service is ALL about!!!  You have a customer in me for life!
4	The food was delicious, tasty and fresh.  The servings are small, and a little pricey, but worth it.  Towards the end we felt like our waitress had forgotten about us.  Most of the meal the wait staff was attentive and each waiter that brought our food was knowledgeable.  We had the grilled scallops, fried squid, spicy tuna, glazed ribs and salmon nigiri.  The spicy tuna and glazed ribs (with lime juice) were the best.  Unfortunately, they made a big mistake and charged my card $366 instead of $149 for dinner.  I'd still go back because the food was delicious, but the billing mistake was a huge inconvenience.
5	I was skeptical that the desert could possibly be home to one of the country's finest sushi houses. After experiencing course after course of great contemporary sushi preparations, I can only say, "WOW."We ordered the Omakase tasting menu ("decadent" version) and the chef visited with us to find out our likes and dislikes so that he could prepare a menu to delight.  We were not disappointed.  Every plate was beautiful and every bite was fantastic.  The nigiri and sashimi plates melted in our mouths.  The pork belly was a must have.  The grilled shishito peppers with dancing bonito flakes was a surprisingly good interlude.  The tempura lobster -- decadent.  And of course, the Wagyu beef, served with several different salts, was amazing. Service was attentive but not hovering.  Their Hani and Kudachi Cooler cocktails are both delightful.This was a two-hour journey to remember.
2	Dear Roka Akor,I want this to be a love letter but it's not. We had such a short relationship but I feel we have to break up.I spent $200 at dinner for 3 ozs of fish, one appetizer, and two drinks. And the worst part was it didn't even taste very good. Our waiter was obsequiously friendly and recommended that if I was a sushi connoisseur I should have the best sushi. Fine, OK, I hear Roka that you are a top 10 sushi restaurant in USA. I have had sushi at some of the others, let's see how you stack up. I am willing to pay for quality.Your sashimi was of questionably quality, marinated to perdition in order to hide the fishy taste that only emerges when fish begins to rot. The fatty tuna was regular tuna. The portions were tiny! Seriously about 3 ozs of fish for two orders of the chef's choice best sashimi. Some of the flavors of the marinates were quite good, I give you that. But just like spandex does not make the obese look sexy, so vinegar and soy does not make low quality fish sexy. I have eaten fish off the boat at the fish market in Tokyo, not only were you not nearly as good, you weren't even nearly as good as some conveyor belt dining sushi I've had. Don't tell me this is the best you can do!I must have looked like I had money, or looked too blonde (I'm a brunette btw), because the happy hour menu was never mentioned. Happy hour prices were in effect but the one appetizer I ordered which should have been covered by the happy hour menu was charged at full price. I couldn't run away from you fast enough. Return? No. Why would I want to return to an abusive relationship?
5	In my opinion, one of the best sushi places in AZ if you are looking for a higher end sushi bar and the freshest sushi in town. The quality is worth the price, everything I have eaten there has been amazing, and that has been the entire happy hour menu, which goes on thru most of the night! The salmon is perfectly chilled and melts in your mouth like a pat of meaty butter. The butterfish tataki has the perfect mix of tanginess to compliment the fish and white asparagus. The duck udon makes me want to order an entire buffet to take home, and the list goes on! Definitely makes Sushi Roku, where my guests and I were treated very poorly (our 45 min wait went over an hour and horrible service), a pupil restaurant needing to take lessons from this master sushi restaurant!
5	I came here initially during restaurant week, but there were so many good looking things on the menu that I didn't want to limit myself. The food was absolutely delicious. Everything we ordered tasted fresh. We started off with the kobe beef and kimchi dumplings. The kimchi was not overpowering, but gave the dumpling a little extra flair. The habachi roll which is a bit spicy due to the jalapeno, but even a weak person like me can take it. I ordered the skirt steak with the garlic sauce and my boyfriend got the Hangar steak. I usually don't order steak, but opt for the seafood. This place is an exception. The meat melts in your mouth. The sauce on the side is unnecessary because the meat is so tasty on its own. We ordered a side of their grilled sweet potatoes. My boyfriend said this it was the best steak he has ever had. Big claim huh? You need to test it out for yourself. Besides the delicious food and the prefect ambiance there is the impeccable service. This is an upscale place and yet unpretentious. Everyone from the hostess and host to the waiters to the busboys treat you incredibly well. They take care of every need, never letting your glass of water go empty. I would even come back even if the food was horrible, but because the service is like no other. I am serious. I have never experienced this great of a service anywhere! Europeans would have MIs at this level of care. This place is a must!
5	Eaten here twice. Very cool atmosphere and decor. Excellent wine. Outstanding food. Attentive staff. Save room for dessert! Our favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. Sit at the bar so you can see the kitchen staff cook on the grill if you can, its worth the wait. All the flavors were delicious. Savor every bite.
5	I don't think I have had anything on the menu I didn't like.  The Black Cod, Butterfish, Corn tempura, and Lamb are to die for!  The rest is just simply so excellent it makes it one of my favorites in the valley.
2	Was recommended by the concierge at our hotel. Went on a Fri. nite around 6:45pm. Drove up and parking lot was dead, not a good sign. After being seated the waiter came around, it was hard to hear him over the music. When the food came it was, for the most part, disappointing. The tempura was light and not at all greasy. Sauces were pretty good but it stopped there. Those who had the sushi weren't blown away. Expectations were high as the waiter informed us that Roka Amor was voted best sushi restaurant in the country?! One person ordered the waygu beef and it was way too fatty. The pork belly appetizer, again way too fatty. The chicken teriyaki, I have had better. On the whole, the atmosphere and food were underwhelming. I'm confused by the rave reviews. May have been an off night for the restaurant but won't know as don't plan on going back. Expensive.
4	You've gotta give Roka Akor credit for the ambiance. Super-cool. We sat at the grill and were so intrigued watching the sushi chefs create amazingly ornate displays of raw seafood. And the signature Robata grill was overflowing with grilled meats and fish. I'm definitely glad we chose to sit there rather than at a table. Way more entertaining, though a group of more than two people would definitely be more comfortable at a table.I love the idea of this place - small plates, so you can try multiple items without getting super full. I ordered the small Chef's Sashimi platter first, which was really delicious. And I LOVED the presentation. Mountains of ice and garnish, fresh grated wasabi?! So good. I also ordered the miso black cod, which was cooked and served in some sort of leaf. Very interesting and well cooked, but not my favorite flavor.Overall, this place was really good. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5: I'm not sure it was worth what we paid (about $100 + tax/tip for two people). I'll definitely be back, but might just stick with sushi next time.
5	Apparently they remodeled the outdoor seating, so now they have a super cool heat lamp that is adjustable, the waiter gave us a little fire show...I have to admit it was nothing short of amazing. The food was super yum, we ordered the Kobe Beef and Kimchi dumplings which I recommend. So juicy and the flavor is really good! The creminie mushrooms with garlic and butter was as mouth-watering as it sounds. We ordered the Yuzu miso black cod for the main dish which was cooked to perfection and very well presented in a banana leaf! We also ordered a roll, I forget which one. But not important because everyone should try the cod!This is a perfect place for a nice date/anniversary celebration! Very romantic, the food is great, but hopefully you're sig other will pay because it gets pretty pricey! The service was really good, they refilled our drinks and waters pretty often and helped us make our choices. I ordered a fruit infused green tea which came with some syrupy sweetener, but I think it needed to be sweetened even more. I didn't get to try the desert, but I think happy hour would be a great time to give it a try!
5	Well fuck my ozone! What a wonderful dining experience! Started out with the Kobe and kimchi dumplings, which tasted like they didn't have any kimchi in it at all but still tasty, the INSANE pork belly! it'll make you slap yo' mama! and the yellowtail sashimi, which will make you slap yo' mama one mo' 'gin!On the recommendation of the waitress, tried the O toro (which I've never heard of before) and it was thee best tasting, and most succulent piece of fish I have ever ever ever eaten! It was also accompanied by fresh wasabi, also, which I've never had, and I have to tell you it's so much better than whatever other wasabi you've ever tried. Ordered a second serving but was taken aback by the $50 per serving price tag when perusing the bill.  Still, well worth it! Yuzu marinated black cod is also an OMG, for serious! Tasty, light and flakey, and just perfect!I highly recommend this palendrome of perfection.
5	Roka Akor is already my "Best of 2011" and currently "Best of All Time" because of the outstanding food is complemented by the outstanding service. Did I say outstanding....I should have said spectacular or maybe out-of-this-world or simply divine (e.g. as in I was in heaven divine). It was so wonderful my wife and I went two nights in a row (with my mother the second night) and are disappointed that we can't make it three nights in a row. Over the two nights we tried Butterfish Tetaki (x2), Kobe Beef & Kimchi Dumplings (x2), Sweet Corn Tempura, Lobster Tempura, Rock Shrimp Tempura, Black Cod (2x), Yellow Tail Sashimi, Pork Belly, Soft Shell Crab Rolls, King Crab Leg with Truffle Ponzu Butter, Chibi Burger (Slider), Cremini Mushrooms, and Beef Tataki (special order). For deserts we tried the Chocolate Cake w/Toffee Sauce, Caramelized Peanuts, and Peanut Butter Ice Cream, Basil Sorbet and Vanilla Ice Cream. All wonderful dishes with my personal favorite being Butterfish Tetaki, Kobe Beef Dumplings, King Crab Leg, and Peanut Butter Ice Cream. Every flavor you simply wanted to savor, disappointed as it faded but only to be delighted when the next dish appeared. The food was a true transcendental culinary experience.  Five stars does not do it justice. The service was about as perfect as I have ever experienced. Ryan our waiter for both nights (we requested him the second night) was like a sherpa guide taking us to new culinary heights. Nearly all our dishes were direct recommendations from him catering to our tastes but also helping us explore new tastes. His attention to detail was superb including having a chilled Voss water ready for us the second night, remembering my wife's drink, answering a question about the vanilla ice cream from the night before (yes they do scrap the vanilla bean seeds into the ice cream), bringing us the basil sorbet as a palette cleanser as we had suggested before, surprising us with a dish not on the menu, etc. Charles "I am a young Wayne Newton" Tansey III even stopped by to let us know that our disappointment with the chocolate cake (a bit dry and lacking flavor) had been addressed with the chefs especially after having tried it himself.  Charles was even kind enough to walk out with us to the valet. Again five stars does not do it justice.In a nutshell, this Roka Akor is a culinary destination that should be in every ones bucket list. I can assure you that it will be a regular venue for me to indulge in new culinary experiences every time I am in Scottsdale.
5	Amazing ! Great service great chefs awesome food ..blown away ! Warning !!! Warning !!! Once you eat here regular food will not taste the same ..eat at Roka if you want to eat like a king !
5	The Chef's tasting menu ($98 version) provides one of the best culinary experiences in the Valley. The chef comes to your table, discovers your likes and dislikes, and then prepares a multi-course meal that is simply divine. The sushi is so good here it is an absolute travesty to muck up the taste with soy sauce. There is simply no other place in town that can compare. The robata grill is also fantastic. Expensive but worth every penny.
2	Finally Finally went after all these years and all the hype.Met some friends for happy hour.  The pros:  Cheap beer.  Beer is 2 for 1, which amounts to 2.50 cents per Asahi.  Having said that, ate off the happy hour menu. Perhaps the dinner menu is better, but the happy hour menu sounded delicious so we sat in the lounge.The lounge is pretty, good view of this wine wall (which is where they hide the very pretty bathrooms).  The staff is pretty, some are very nice, others a bit cold.The menu had all sorts of exciting sounding appetizers.  Kobe beef gyoza, (fatty tasting but not in a great way, tasted like the filling in an okay egg-roll), soft shell crab buns, good, but not for the price.  The kimchee noodles with duck breast were passable, but nothing to write home about.  Was told that the scallop sushi roll was "the best roll" that the restaurant makes.  It was....okay.  Had edmame, had the pork belly.  Most everythign on the menu, both salty and not involved ponzu sauce. I love ponzu but it seemed to be in everything.  The seafood salad was a good mix of sashimi peices, but microscopic in size. Ordered desserts, pretty presentation, but nothing spectacular.  The one dish I really liked was the butterfish tataki with ponzu sauce.  Problem is, we were served five nearly transparent (as in small) pieces of fish about the size of two postage stamps apiece.  Tasty but dissapointingly small.  The bill for four folks (who didn't eat all that much and barely drank the happy hour beer) was about 175.00I don't mind spending money when its tasty, (for a better place with a more intimate feel, stop by Teeter House downtown, better food, better preparation.   The bill pained me as the food was mediocre.
5	I generally hate going to places that seem over hyped, so I was not really in the mood to drive 90 miles round trip to eat here.  Their website boasts "Top 10 Sushi Spots in the United States" by Bon Appetit. Fortunately, Roka Akor did not disappoint.Beautiful restaurant, a positive experience started at the front door as the hostess welcomed us and acted happy to see us even though it was our first time there.  She sat us at the bar at our request as we wanted to try out the happy hour menu.  We ordered the following.  Sweet corn tempura $4, excellent, hard to describe, just order it!Kobe Beef and kimchi Dumplings $7.50, excellent as well and not too spicy.Roast duck with kimchi udon $6, Great but really spicyButterfish Tataki with white asparagus and yuzu $9, small but full of flavor, delicious!Also ordered a couple of standard sushi rolls that were good but unremarkable.  Our server Shana, was top notch which made our meal even more enjoyable.  Overall meal including cocktails $110 plus tip.  Oh, and don't forget to check out the blocks of triple filtered glacier ice they use for specialty drinks that  sit on the bar.  Yes, I am easily entertained.
4	The wait staff was pleasant and very knowledgeable. Was a little pricey as are most places in Scottsdale. Must try the Butterfish Tataki with White Asparagus and Yuz, both my date and I raved about it. The BBQ pork loin was also very tasty. I would skip the rice pot, the flavor was very muddled. We also tried the Serrano Chili roll, which as would be imagined was pretty spicy. My only complaint is the chairs, terribly uncomfortable.
4	Expect top quality sushi at a "top quality sushi" price.The hamachi nigiri and yellowtail sashimi were both impeccably prepared and paired with complimentary toppings, and the ratio of fish to rice is about 7:1, which is always refreshing. The unagi roll was a bit chewier than I'm used to, but delicious in it's own right (although the unagi sashimi was definitely better). Even better was the spicy tuna roll - the fish is exceptionally tender. It makes the notion that the same species ends up emanating stench from sandwiches in children's lunch boxes seem impossible. The best of the best award goes to the seared sesame salmon nigiri, which is the most melt-in-your-mouth fish experience known to man, as well as the crispy prawn roll, which isn't heavy or fried, but still so deliciously, well... crispy.Is it worth it? Yes, even though they charge a lot, they don't skimp on the fish, and it'll probably be the best quality sushi you have in Arizona. Would I come here again? Maybe, but only if I get ahold of another Groupon.
5	I hate to admit it, but it had been a long while since my last visit to Roka Akor. I deserve a hand slap. But last week, I had the perfect excuse to pay a long overdue visit during Yelp Eats Week! We went on Friday night and to make a long story short, this is the perfect date spot and the perfect restaurant for delectable dining. But let me dive into details a bit more. First of all, the atmosphere here is vibrant and alive, but it lacks the "so Scottsdale" vibe that some similar spots may have. For this reason alone, I will become a regular at Roka Akor. There's plenty of seating inside, including seats at the bar, romantic couch seating in the lounge, front row sushi seating at the sushi bar and then plenty of normal dining all around. We sat at a normal dinner table and took in the fun environment surrounding us. The staff here is incredibly friendly and attentive. We arrived on time for our 8:30 dinner reservation and were seated promptly upon arrival. The server welcomed us immediately and gave a descriptive overview of the food and serving style they suggest for the restaurant. Since we were there for Yelp Eats, I definitely wanted to take advantage of some of the Yelp Eats musts, so we ordered the Grilled Sweet Corn (Roka Akor signature dish), the Skirt Steak and the Warm Toffee Cake for dessert. But, that just didn't seem like enough, so added on the rock shrimp tempura and Kobe beef and Kimchi Dumplings -- two more Roka Akor signature dishes. Since there is so much delicacy to discuss, I'll break it down by dish. Grilled Sweet Corn -- as sweet as it sounds. I felt like I was in a scene out of the movie Big because the corn is petite and cut into halves, so I found myself nipping away on each tiny ear. The corn was grilled perfectly and had just the right amount of zing. *** PS -- probably not the food choice for a first or second date.Rock Shrimp Tempura -- by far my favorite dish of all and the top anywhere in the Valley. It's fried, it's tangy, it's spicy, it's crunchy, it's just delicious. I could eat an entire bowl (or two) just by myself. Kobe Beef Dumplings -- they were tasty and the perfect compliment to the meal. They were filling but not overly filling and with five to a plate, it's just the right amount for two. Skirt Steak -- I don't even know where to start. They give you a good amount of steak and it's perfectly tender, moist and delicious. We let them pick how it "should" be prepared and that's the right move. It was medium well and the perfect amount of rare and well done at once. The marination on it provided the perfect sweetness and it was just the right amount of steak. It's a great dish to share as well. Finally, the Toffee Cake -- this is a great way to end the meal with a sweet touch. Delicate and delightful. I almost forget about the sake. The sake here is top notch and perfect for sipping. Accompany it with a Japanese beer to sip on as well and you're in for a great evening! Thanks for a wonderful Friday night Roka Akor. I can't wait to visit again!
5	A hip Japanese restaurant with a wide range of selections form ravioli to sushi to steak.  Unique interpretations of often offered selections.  One of the better restaurants in the Valley.  Bring your credit card.
5	Absolutely amazing...if you are feeling generous..try "Chef's special" for $98 or $128. I tried several incredible dishes that I wouldn't have if I had just ordered from the menu. I was taken care of really well..tried 8-9 types of dishes followed by an amazing line-up of dessert. I could hardly walk after eating for ~3 hours. AMAZING EXPERIENCE.
5	ABSOLUTELY amazing food! A tad on the pricey side, but completely worth it! :o)
4	We went to this place for Yelp Eats.  WOW...  simply put, the salmon was fantastic with no fishy taste at all.  Our server was great and very informative as well.  It is a little pricey if there are no deals going on, but the food is definitely delicious.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant ever! I love their ama ebi nigiri (sweet shrimp) and always craving for more. For this visit I tried their dynamite scallop roll and salmon roll (with asparagus inside) and it was so delicious makes me craving for more. The pork ribs were very delicate and it was melting in your mouth! What makes this restaurant to be my number one spot of Japanese restaurant in the valley was the sushi chef service is superb! They ran out ama ebi and I told the waitress that one of the reason I came there is for that ama ebi. The chef suddenly came back to me one hour later and said he saved one ama ebi for me!!! What a service!!!! I'm so thankful of this wonderful dining experience and will definitely become one of their regular customer!! Love this place so much!!
5	Best sushi I have ever had.  All of the food is terrific and resonably priced.  The waiters are willing to help you pick our sushi, drinks, and appetizers that complement each other.  The fresh wasabi here is excellent.  They have a huge wine list too.
2	Well, let me start off with a look of confusion at the exceedingly rave reviews of this dining establishment. (Raised left eyebrow, and a smirk, but you already knew that)So, initial impressions: Seemed like a confused ambience. Kind of clubish, with a little hubristic haze. The music was the only positive part, reminding me of HGTV's 'Selling New York.'The waitstaff seemed somewhat confused, as we had 2 waiters at one point, but the bussers were top notch!We were also sad to hear that the "Happy hour" menu was only in the bar.Now to the food: The menu and the prices associated gave me a bad feeling right quick. I am too used to excellent sushi, at fair prices, as well as happy hour menus with all the favorites. (Especially dragon rolls! YUMZOID!) We proceeded to order a couple appetizers, and a handful of rolls. None of which were memorable in any positive light: The avocado roll was insipid with a strange clash of textures and flavors. (Soft avocado, and carrot sticks likeyourmompackedinyourbrownbaglunch and a strange dusting of what tasted like bread crumbs...) The spicy tuna had to be the only one that was acceptable, and it was interesting to have chunked tuna vs. the usual frappe. The softshell crab was weak, and the spicy yellow-tail was spicy, but pretty one-note, and not satisfying.  ***Bottom line: We decided to pay our bill, and then go straight to one of our favorite sushi spots to satisfy the sushi craving that we definitely missed out on: HIRO sushi. Man, let me tell you, I threw down a D-backs roll and a Crazy roll, and Hiro sushi was indeed the sushi Hero of the day ;)
5	We had the most amazing dinner and the staff was friendly, helpful and attentive.  They recommended their favorite dishes and did not dissapoint.  The butterfish appetizer was delicious.  Try something off the Robata grill and you definitely have to try to the grilled sweet corn with butter and soy.
1	My daughter and I went a couple of days ago for lunch.  We were using a groupon.  I ordered the "teriyaki" salmon and my daughter had the spicy tuna roll.I must admit, I've had better at a MUCH cheaper price!!  The salmon was grilled farm salmon, very bland, and on the side was a dish of what appeared to be bottled commercial teriyaki sauce.  It was very thick and ho hum.My daughter's sushi was nothing special.  The service was great.  I think the only thing we were paying for was the beautiful bathroom!
5	This is a great place to eat, the best sushi place in Arizona. A bit pricey but worth the extra as not one morsel is badly cooked or served. I suggest a reservation as they seem to be always packed. A bit hard to find for a newbie to that area. Loved the place.
4	Yum, Yum, Yum... and the saki ain't bad either. Took the Hubs here for a Bday celebration this week. We'd never been before, but it was on my "to try" list and there happen to be a groupon available that we just couldn't resist. Upon are arrival, I was happy to see the open modern decor. I really liked how the place was arranged with many different venues for sitting and dining. Our waiter was extremely nice and convinced up to try some cold saki for the first time, which we both enjoyed. We were able to make a great selection and thoroughly enjoyed it. As far as the food goes, of course I researched yelp and figured out what we would order before we even arrived. So, we got the beef and kimchi dumplings, the rock shrimp tempera, chicken teryaki, sweet corn, and grilled rice. OMG was everything great! Stand outs for me were the shrimp tempera (the lime added so much), the dumplings were great - meaty and filling, and the corn was beyond awesome. The grill rice was very unique and we loved it. We were surprised with a great peanut butter/chocolate dessert, which was "close your eye and enjoy" good. As far as bday dinners go, this one was on point. We loved the experience and the food and will most certainly go back for another special occasion.
5	This place is amazing. Certainly has a spot on my list of all-time favorite restaurants. Decor is amazing. The open kitchen concept really works here. Server was incredibly knowledgeable not only about the menu, but also the origins of the food and cooking methods.The food blew us away. Had the Kobe dumplings and Miso soup to start. Tremendous flavor. The Mushroom "risotto" is a must try. Everything was delicious and we tried several dishes.Although very appetizing, don't expect a plate full of food. This restaurant actual serves food equal to one portion, not three like you see at most restaurants. And because of that, I imagine some may see Roka as too expensive for the amount of food served per dish (unless you have a Groupon)Nonetheless, this place is a must-go. We will be back, many many times.
3	When you walk into Roka Akor, you know you're in a trendy upscale Japanese restaurant.  With the robata grill cranky out delicious chared meats, and the sushi line shouting greetings, you are immediately drawn into this restaurant.  The wait staff was very attentive and explained each dish with such detail and excitement.  We ordered:Kobe beef and Kimchi dumplings: Other yelpers raved about this dish but to us it was pretty bland.  Needed more kick perhapsHamachi tataki: Delicious.  Light and very clean flavorsRock Shrimp: Also very good.  Our favorite dish of the nightDynamite Roll: It was a mushy experience in the mouth and the scallops masked the crab and avocado.  Spicy Tuna: Average.  Hamachi Serrano Chili roll: Also bland, especially when you read Serrano chilis!  Hamachi sashimi: Hamachi was fresh and delicious.  But expensive for 2 small pieces.  Overall: The place was good, but left something still to be desired.  On the pricier side for sushi and the portions are definitely small so do not come starving!
5	When I finally made it out to try this place I was not disappointed. The restaurant had a great vibe and atmosphere and the servers were very friendly and knowledgeable. They specialize in cooking the freshest produce, fish, and meat on a robata grill. I had blackened cod, and it was absolutely incredible. Their sushi is fantastic and so are their mixed drinks. I'll definitely be going back.
4	met another couple here for dinner.all 4 of us have not been here but from the reviews...we wanted to try it.the moment i walked in, i like it.  we had dinner reservations for a sunday evening.  it was not crowded and we went to the bar first to get a drink.  the bartender had us try some different soju until we liked the ONE and ordered a few drinks from her.  very friendly bartender.we were then seated and was approached by the waitress right away.service here was awesome.  as we have not been here, she explained that all the meals are to be shared so it was great to be able to try all the different food that was ordered by each of us.we ordered a few appetizers...sushi was nicely done.the main courses...awesome!  kobe beef melts in ur mouth.all the food had great personality and great combination of ingredients and sauces.it's upscale Japanese restaurant with great service and great food.also a definite comeback place if we are in the area again.
4	Fresh delicious sushi ! Service is always good. Cocktails are strong as should be...:) We usually sit at the bar.
3	Went to Roka Akor on a Wednesday night for a birthday dinner.  The place was packed and we didn't have a reservation.  I asked if we could be seated and they said no.  I went to my car and went on Open Table and I could have the pick of time that night.  So we left but when I called Roka Akor the next day the gal said yes we would have seated you had you booked through Open Table even though we had nothing open if I just walked in.  Even with this bad experience the food is excellent!
2	My husband and I are fairly recent transplants to the Valley and I'd been given a recommendation to check this place out for sushi.  I'll start out by saying that the service was good and the sashimi that we order was fresh.  After that it pretty much goes down hill.  We spent $80 just on sushi, and both of us left there hungry.  Steep prices are met by skimpy amounts of fish.  The only normal sized item we were served was the salmon sashimi.  One of our appetizers was yellowtail, and for $18 we were served 6 tiny slivers of tuna.  The rolls, while I particularly enjoyed that they were the perfect bite sized amounts and looked pretty when it was served, primarily consisted of rice.  Sorry, but a mouthful of rice is not what I'm looking for when spending $15+ on a roll.  I'd actually like to have SOME fish in the roll.  Everything but the sashimi pretty much lacked flavor and character.  They touted when we got there that it was authentic Japanese, well, I hate to tell them it is far from it!  Just because you have a very limited selection on your menu doesn't mean it is authentic Japanese.  I've had sushi in Japan... and the Japanese would scoff at what was presented to us.  If you want to pay for a "yuppy" Scottsdale vibe, then this is your place.  But if you actually want fish with your sushi and to be fulfilled when you're done eating... I'd keep looking because Roka Akor doesn't cut it.
5	After a bad experience at our Favorite Restaurant Roca Akor in Scottsdale, we turned to Yelp and Roka's very capable manager Charles responded within an hour, invited us back and more than made it right.  We knew they had great food and now, thanks to Charles, we know they have great management.  We highly recommend it.
2	After reading the reviews for this place, I was really excited to try their food. But that was short lived.....It was voted one of the top 10 sushi places in the US by Bon Appetite magazine.  Really? I'm not going to say I'm a sushi expert, but I have had some pretty amazing sushi in Chicago, Honolulu, and Vegas.  Their sushi was nowhere near as awesome as some of the places I've been.The place is fancy.  They did not spare any expense with the decor, with one exception...the fake flowers near the enterence....not something i would pick, but we'll look past that.  My friend and I order a glass of wine...and then didn't see our server for another 15 minutes.  We'll look past that too.  And then the food came.....We ordered the butterfish and sweet potatoes with some sort of dipping sauce.  It was middle of the road, not bad, but didn't wow me.  The sauce they were ranting and raving about wasn't that great (maybe that's why I can't remember the name.....)  We also got the scallop appetizer...also sub-par.  Then came the rolls.  We ordered the unagi, special serrano, spicy tuna, spicy avocado, and soft crab rolls.  The best was probably the serrano.  The rice was perfectly cooked, I'll give them that. The food was just ok, but definitely not worth the price.  Sure, the place is really nice, and your date would probably be super impressed, but there are plenty of amazing restaurants in the area.  And Hiro Sushi is just 10 minutes up the road....
4	YAY to amazing service!!! Roka Akor wins hands down for treating my family with class and style for my parents 40th wedding anniversary.  The good was pretty good (nothing really memorable stood out as being amazing for a japanese restaurant...), but the service received by the staff was EXTRAORDINARY!!!   And, the restaurant is classy and cool, which made the experience one that was perfect for their special day.The highlight? For dessert, the Roka Akor folk made us an amazing dessert platter on ice. It was B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L!!!!  It was fancy and really wow'd our family!!!!  Thank you, Roka Akor, for making us feel special.  We heart you!
5	I've been here twice now, and this place continues to exceed all expectations! The Butterfish Tataki appetizer is amazing and the scallops appetizer was the best scallops I've ever had! The robata grill items are also fantastic. All the vegetables are great, but the lamb is beyond incredible. There's nothing like it. The sushi is fantastic, and the sushi chef was kind enough to accommodate my husband's request for a chirashi bowl (bowl of sushi rice with assorted sashimi), which was not on the menu. Their Blood-Orange Margarita is fantastic as well. The service is extremely good - very attentive, thoughtful, and knowledgeable. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley and I'll definitely be coming back as often as I can!
5	Roka Akor is amazing.  The sashimi is fresh and perfectly cut.  The desserts are also perfection.Blue fin tuna flight was their special tonight and it was so delicious that I took a moment to close my eyes and indulge in the moment of the melting fresh fish in my mouth.  The rice hotpots are always good - I've had the mushroom rice hotpot with mountain vegetables and one with crab, both were delicious.  I've had steak both times I've been there and while it was very good, the sashimi, rice hotpot, and desserts are must haves.
4	the apps brought around during a fashion week event were top notch. the butter fish sushi was amazingly delicious. the crunchy calamari with the pepper rings were simply divine. the house red and white were also extremely tasty. that's pretty much all we had, and if that small sampling is indicative of roka akors food menu, it is definitely a great place to eat!
4	Roka Akor features top-quality sushi, outstanding service, and some interesting cocktail all wrapped in a tastefully appointed, airy dining room.I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars, since I generally feel a little ripped off by the portion size and the bill tipping over $100 for my wife and I even at happy hour, but I realize that's what Roka Akor is. It's not somewhere you stop in for your monthly sushi unless you're Warren Buffett or something (who, I assume, prefers beef). Roka Akor has to feature the best fish in Arizona...I just wish there was more of it.Oh, and the Roasted Duck with kimchee for $6...(kisses fingertips)...a superb value. GET IT. The butterfish, too. At least once.
4	Another trendy sushi resurant and bar.  This one is a lot of fun on the weekends when the place is packed.  The quality of fish is on par with most high end sushi places, and they offer a full list of different Shochu which was a new expereince for me.  I've always enjoyed sake, especially nigori, but have never given Shochu a try.  A lot of it tastes like whisky without the burn.  It's not cheap, but very good, and goes well with the sushi.  I really enjoyed the butterfhish tataki, and recommend giving it a try.
1	I was VERY disappointed!! When I moved to Scottsdale I was told not to go here because it was OVER PRICED and the staff was snobby.....a friend bought a Groupon and invited me so I thought why not...I'll give it a try. Our party was 2 adults and two very hungry kids. Well you all lived up to the rumor....the hostess was very rude and unprofessional. We did not have a resie...didn't think we needed one...it was 6PM on a Sat and she said; "Sorry we are booked"....there were tables open on the patio and we asked about those and she said that they were reserved. She did not even offer us a wait time or an alternative...she basically said..."sorry we are sold out until we close".....must have been ALL of the Groupon people redeeming their coupons! We thought, what are we chopped liver or something...must be nice to be able to turn biz away in THIS economy. We left and are going to get a refund for our Groupon - I have been in the restaurant biz for over 27 yrs and if I owned this place and knew that my hostess was turning away biz like that I would fire her so fast! I will NEVER go back. Oh....this was the kicker...as we left we asked a few of the tables on the patio if they had resies and they all said NO.....you all are a SAD excuse for a restaurant....take your Scottsdale flash and all of that money that you are making on that over priced sushi and RETRAIN your staff! I hate even giving it ONE star.....but there is no option for ZERO stars!
5	Roka Akor has many creative and tasty choices. We opted to try several small dishes over the entrees and every dish was amazing. The sashimi was the freshest I've ever had. I also recommend the butterfish tataki and salmon nigiri. The shishito peppers, sweet potatoes, and corn are excellent vegetable options. The service at Roka Akor is phenomenal. The servers are perfectly trained, knowledgeable, and considerate. Several people assist the waiter with delivering dishes, drinks, cleaning, and questions. They all work to ensure that customers have a wonderful experience.The prices are a little high, but completely worth it for the quality, service, and ambiance. It's easy to run up a high bill, so I recommend bringing a Groupon-style coupon.Roka Akor is one of the finest places that I have dined and I highly recommend it to others.
5	I am a little disappointed in myself for not remembering our bartender's name! He has been at Roka since the beginning and helped the place get up and rolling. He knew every detail of the menu and recommended some great food to try. Even though the bar was extremely busy, he still managed to be very attentive and not seem flustered! Also one of the cocktail waitresses was extraordinarily nice as she picked up our slew of appetizer plates. The service here is seriously top notch! The crowd was also fun! I was there for a Yelp event this last time though so I am probably being biased...but I have been here before and there always seems to be a good vibe. Last and probably most importantly the FOOD: the BUTTERFISH TATAKI with white asparagus is unique and AMAZING! The Kobe beef dumplings I could eat all week for every meal and probably not get tired of them. I have never sat at the sushi bar, but it is definitely on my 'To-Do' list because not only does the food taste great here, but the presentation is quite impressive. I would love to see Roka Akor's chefs in action!
2	Definitely not worth the price.  Food is okay, but the service is terrible.  They are also not open for lunch on the weekends, which I think is strange.
5	Outstanding dining experience!!!Annual meal, that I look forward to each year.  I go with a group which is hosted by a generous friend, who literally insists on getting one of everything.    All of it is good!!!However, the item which stands out most in the experience was something only available at the bar......a SliderSlider.....doesn't sound exotic compared to everything else on the menu, but damn!  It was good and it seems to me to be the best value on the menu too.  2 or 3 and you are full.A little pricey, but great ambiance and music and service!
1	Service was average. Food was over priced. First time in years of using open table that a birthday request was not even acknowledged at check in. Not for a special occasion. Bar and happy hour look cool though.
5	Best sashimi eating experience in the Valley. When you come to Roka, do yourself and favor and spend the extra dollars to get the Omakasi! (you can get plain old sushi elsewhere)  After you order be prepared to spend 2-3hours leisurely enjoying your courses.  No sense rushing food this good.  Skip the soy sauce please--the fish is so fresh and flavorful, drowning it in soy would be a terrible waste.  The butterfish is perfectly dressed and tuna, salmon cuts are so delicate.  One particular cut of tuna was so wonderfully marbled, it melted upon contact with my tongue.  Dessert is just as nice, usually you finish with smooth ice cream flavors and fresh fruit.I've been here several times now, and the service is always on point-waiters are attentive without being in your face.  The cocktails are also pretty good.  Although I've never tried their wine selection, they have enough selection on the menu to pass my inspection.
3	In this economy it is a little difficult to truly rate restaurants.  it has become true that there is more diversity in diners than I think any other time of my life between those that want a "great deal for their hard earned money" and those that do not care what something costs.  Although we can all understand the simple concept that "you get what you pay for", we are more than ever recognizing where you are paying for quality versus when you are paying for fluff.The quality is surely exemplary here.  Unfortunately so is the fluff.  I mean the exceptional fluff...but fluff nevertheless.   The tuna is wonderful grade as well as the other fish that I experienced.  But for the price per piece I truly expected sizeable portions.  I couldnt have been more wrong.  There is a place near my home that offers "two for one" sushi and it is a pretty good deal.  Even though each of these pieces is slightly smaller than what you would expect you are OK because you're getting two pieces.  The pieces at Roka are THE SAME SIZE as the two for one place and the pricing is truly as high as any order of sushi is anywhere in the universe.  Drinks are skyhigh and there really just doesnt seem to be a way to get out of here without dropping $100 or more.  Even with a localdines certificate.The atmosphere is cool/trendy but on a Friday evening at 8:30 it was dead.  I have to attribute this to the price tag in order to be here.  If price was no object I certainly would have tried (and probably really enjoyed) some of the other suggested entrees on Yelp at Roka.  The steaks are surely awesome I would guess and the tasting menu would probably be quite an experience.  I can surely see why Roka would have some five star ratings.  But for a typical Friday night to head over hoping to go home feeling truly fulfilled in a dining experience, I didnt get it.  The next time I have an expense account and wish to impress out of town clients I would love to head in here with a blank check.  But if your not ready to put a sizeable dent in your wallet, go somewhere else for really good sushi three or four times for what you'll drop here.Lots of pretty people though and pretty decor.  Sadly that isnt realy enough these days to keep a places doors open.  I hope they survive.  I'd love to go back for a special occasion but I just can't handle the numbers on a regular basis here.
5	Roma Akor rocks the palette! You must try the Butterfish Tataki and the Peanut Butter ice cream! Get Ryan as your server.  He  is excellent. In addition this place KNOWS customer service . I have come here 3 times and the food is excellent every time.
5	Roka Akor continues to be my favorite restaurant for both customer service and superb food. This was my third time (after a 6 month hiatus) and it was just as consistent both in terms of an extremely high standard for service and food that must be experience to truly appreciate it. For this experience we opted for the "innovative" tasting menu in which the chef discusses with us our tastes, selects items from the menu but also tries new dishes. We had roughly 9 to 10 courses which were fortunately more in the spirit of small plates (e.g. Tapas) than full courses. Some of the highlights where the butterfish, pork bellies, sushi platter (especially the crab with truffle oil), beef ribs, lobster tempura, peanut butter ice cream, etc. Simply put a series of "foodgasms". The only disappointment was the slider with quail egg because the teriyaki flavor didn't work for me (e.g. matter of personal taste). The service was as outstanding and were glad to have Ryan as out server. What was particularly outstanding was that after 6 months he still new that we like chilled bottle water, a coke for me and a very specific martini for my wife. His "sherpa-like" culinary guiding skills were still wonderful with great recommendations and very good timing. As a side note I generally don't like the use of "runners" (other servers delivering food) but at Roka Akor all the servers are very knowledgeable and extremely pleasant. Charles, the manger, was also a delight and once again escorted us to the valet. Bottom line...Roka Akor continues to be the best of the best and on my "must visit" list when I am Scottsdale (and now Chicago).
3	Looks like a lot of my fellow reviewers will disagree but I found Roka Akor to be all style no substance. Don't get me wrong the food was good, but I've definitely had better sushi at places that are much less expensive. Making cool designs on my plate with the sauce does not make it worth the extra money. I went because I had a Groupon. I would never go there at full price. Sitting at the bar and being able to watch the cooks was nice. They have an open kitchen right there in the dining room. And the cocktails we ordered were very good (and pretty strong!). I wouldn't necessarily discourage anyone from going to Roka Akor, but I personally think it's too pretentious and you could definitely find better sushi place in the Scottsdale area.
4	Went here for dinner last Friday to celebrate a friend's birthday. Being that our group was large (18) and the private dining room was already booked, we were seated in the patio area. (Luckily the weather was nice around 8p.m.) Roka Akor is a beautiful restaurant, from the inside out.I ordered the Unagi ($8.50), Uni sashimi ($13.00), Yellowtail sashimi ($8.00), and two of their blood orange margaritas ($10 each). When they brought out my order, all I could think was "wow!" (See pics)The Unagi (freshwater eel), Uni (sea urchin) and Yellowtail looked and tasted fresh - the Uni melted in my mouth (yum). The blood orange margaritas were strong and DELICIOUS and were served in tall glasses (looks sort of like champagne flutes) - the red from the blood orange added a nice pop of color (very elegant looking). The restaurant gets top points for presentation. This is a great spot for a date, but I wouldn't recommend sitting in the patio area if you're looking for romantic ambiance.Service is here top-notch, which is very important if one is going to be paying premium prices for food. Our waitress was very knowledgeable, friendly and prompt. I'd definitely dine here again.Btw - there is free valet and self-parking.
5	I'm a huge fan of their happy hour and wish I was in the area more often during those hours. You gotta get the "Chibi" burger which is a 3 oz Kobe beef burger for 3 bucks. $3/oz of Kobe beef is cheap! The homemade sesame bun is amazing too. I was always curious what the sweet taste in buns was from and asked the waitress. She asked the chef and apparently the bake them with a touch of maple syrup! Anyways-if you get 2 chibi burgers and the roast duck with kamichi udon for happy hour, you'll spend $12 and will leave very full.Only one small complaint.... For dinner, I decided to order their signature lamb cutlets with Korean spices. For being a signature item, and being the most expensive item on the menu besides the fillet Mignon, I expected a lot more from it. Don't get me wrong, it was good and for $10 less, I would have been extremely happy but the presentation was very basic and the way they offered the spices (just a small dipping dish) kind of let me down. However, my girlfriend ordered the signature marinated black cod and it was magnificent. The waiter had recommended the Hamachi Serrano Chili roll which was very good too.
5	My husband and I love this place! Great happy hour and the customer service is perfect! There is one waiter who is extremely educated about the food! He explains how it is prepared and the do and don'ts of! I think his name was Eugene, but won't swear to it. We were casually enjoying happy hour one Saturday night and the bartender over heard that we had just celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary! She notified the manager and before we could pay our tab, a beautiful desert with a candle was served to us at the bar! Very nice! As always, we will go back. Usually once a month. Ask the bartender to recommend a variety of apps so you can get a little taste of everything! Too much good stuff to just eat one or two things!
1	let see. this place was high on my list on place to eat.but to my surprise, the food was really .. mediocre at best.so here 3 of us went there for a great meal. the service was great. the place was stunning. and the waitresses really know the menu inside out.he started to explain the menu items from left side of the book to the right side of the book. amazing.so I started with Ebi, maguro, and scallop (standard nigiri 2 piece each)then 1 cook scallop (supposed to be cook with asparagus sauce)the sushi was ok, but the rice was dry. it fell apart when you pickup the sushiok, maybe their sushi is not that great. so we try the kitchen food (cooked food)we had the beef fillet, rock cod , tiger prawn. and 2 order of mushroom (3 piece in a skewer)/ the tiger prawn only 1 piece (grill to perfection) but lack of taste.granted the food were in a nice presentation.the beef was too dry and the ginger flavoring .. hm.. not to my liking.the cod was ok. size of 1/2  of an apple. then here come the bill. to my surprise. it was a little over 300.I was like hm. we didn't eat that much, and the food wasn't all that great. but bill is a bill.so net.. net is: if you are looking to have a great sushi. this place ain't it. if you are looking for a great steak, this place also ain't it. but if you are planning to show how much you can spend, this place is a great place to do it.so after all the meals, we have to go else where for another meal.
5	In one word: Amazing.
5	Honeycomb Shochu.  -With the big crystal clear ice cube.Drool.
5	On a couple Groupons and a prayer I decided to try this place out.  First of all every meal is made to order, including the sushi. Also, the miso soup (which I usually hate) was quite, quite tasty. Did order the fillet cooked medium and it was very good and tender. I must say I agree with a recent YELPER that the sauce paired with the steak was not a good fit. It was overly salty for my taste (maybe that was to make up for lack of salt on meat?).As other Yelpers have duly noted the tataki is to die for. Also, it seems the entire staff there has memorized the menu as if it were the Bible. The speaks to how well  management has trained their staff.  Since I am a sucker for excellent customer service I made sure to give R. A. a perfect YELP score. My score is really more like a ten, but there's not enough stars to do that :) All in all I enjoyed my visits to R.A. tremendously and will definitely be back again and refer others!p.s. I love the fact there is a wide variety of folks there from all dressed up to jean shorts and Tishri you'll be treated the same.
5	Food is awesome especially the way they cook it over an open fire.  Everything is tender and melts in your mouth.  I had sushi rolls, veggie's on kebab and blacked cod which was the best part.  The presentation and sauces were phenomenal.  This is the first place I actually had a good high end sake that I took my time drinking it was so good.  I will definitely return many times.
5	The food and service are outstanding.Had a great time.Try:- Pork Belly - Everything Else :)
1	A local friend recommended us to try this place and said it had good sushi. We'd good sushi there but it wasn't anything you cannot get from Ra Sushi or any other spots in Scottsdale. The price was 2x the other sushi spots. Furthermore the portions were really small too. The decor was nice and trendy but we didn't see any trendy people there on a Saturday night. The only plus was the wine and mixed cocktails.
4	I was kinda waffling on Roka based on some of the negative reviews, but figured, what the hell...the food pics seemed interesting enough. The interior is quite a sight...open, trendy-sophisticated take on Japanese dining with a regular bar straight ahead as you walk in, an open-kitchen to the left partly surrounded by sushi bar seating, and a well-spaced dining room...meaning you're not sitting on top of neighboring diners.  Unusual, but very professional, courteous and efficient waitstaff routine...we started off with one waiter who explained the menu to us, our primary waiter who actually took our dinner orders, and several other waiters who either delivered our apps/entress, and/or refilled our wine/drinks.  Like I said, unusual, but very efficient.  If our primary waiter was busy with another table, the slew of waitstaff promptly attended to our needs.  Nice touch. Our party of four ordered several appetizers including the Butterfish Tataki w/white asparagus and yuzu, Yellowtail with ponzu, Burnt Compari Tomato salad, and fried squid with chili and lime.  The Butterfish was very fresh and the contrast in texture and flavor with the white asparagus and yuzu was surprisingly good.  The fried squid was very tasty with a light coating and nice spice from seasoning, raw jalapenos and citrus.  The Yellowtail and tomato salad were just okay. I ordered the New York strip steak (yeah, I know...why the hell am I ordering a NY strip in a Japanese restaurant?  So, sue me, I felt like NY strip), while others in my party ordered the Yuzu Miso marinated Black Cod and the Deluxe Chef's choice sashimi platter (market price) for two.  I always enjoy the open-kitchen atmosphere and we were sitting sufficiently close enough to see them prepare our meals.  They properly cooked the NY strip over an open fire grill, let it rest properly, and surprisingly, brought it out to me already sliced.  They basically took all the work out of eating a NY strip.  All I had to do was pick up and chew.  A nice warm, red center - medium rare, accompanied by a black truffle aoili.  I thought the aoili overpowered the NY strip, but that's just me...I just prefer it with just a little salt and pepper.  Overall, nicely cooked and presented NY strip.  Like Flemings and Ruth's Chris, Roka serves their meats a-la-carte.  I ordered a side of grilled Asparagus with sweet soy and it was a tasty, albeit a tad salty.   I tasted the Black Cod and although it was very flavorful, I thought the Yuzu Miso overpowered the flavor of the cod.  Still, the cod was perfectly cooked...tender, yet flaky with a nice texture.  The Chef's choice sashimi platter was impressive in both presentation and content.  It was presented on a large stone bowl with crushed ice as well as a small ice sculpture mimicking a stairway.  Nice selection of fresh fish, shellfish, including o-toro, king crab, uni, and a variety of other fish that I couldn't recall.  From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.  With this platter, they also served freshly grated wasabi and freshly ground salt.  They encouraged a small dab of fresh wasabi and salt on the sashimi rather than the ubiquitous soy...which tends to drown out the flavor of the fish.    Quite an eclectic crowd as well...some folks were dressed very casually in jeans while others were dressed much more formally, and one party even that looked like they were dressed for the prom...wait, maybe they were going to the prom???  A solid choice if you're looking for high-end Japanese cuisine in Scottsdale...not the best Japanese I've ever had, especially coming from LA, but damn good for AZ.  The waitstaff should really be commended for their professionalism, courtesy and attentiveness.   I give it a solid 4.5 stars.  Great Christmas Eve dining experience.  I docked a half a star since Roka is, IMHO, a tad overpriced but it is Scottsdale...
5	Ok words can't quite describe just how good I think this place it. My parents were in town for thanksgiving and then back again a few weeks later for graduation. After coming to Roka for the first time thanksgiving weekend my dad's first idea for dinner when they got back to town was to come again.The family favorite on the menu is either the rice and mushroom hot pot or the butterfish. Both are fantastic. I could eat the hot pot for lunch alone. Nothing we had in either visit was bad but the let down was probably the kimchi dumplings, not becuase they weren't good but because all the other food just blew us away. The waygu beef sushi was fantastic and just melts in your mouth. Even the miso soup is better than any I have had before.One of the best touches I saw was fresh grated wasabi coming with an order of tuna. I had never seen it grated right from the root before, only the green paste. It's small touches like this that makes Roka a step above the rest.The housemade drinks (i think it's call surgue) are very good but they also have a very nice selection of alcohols. A martini with the ginger vodka is a great choice.The service is also top notch with drinks being filled promptly, menu items being very well explained and just a great dining experience.Hands down this has become a top 5 family favorite restaurant for us, worldwide.
4	If I wrote a full review you'd never read it... it would be too long. We had nearly everything on the darn menu.Everything here is between excellent to amazing, except the deserts which are so-so - more on that later.Be warned... this place is very expensive. I would not spend my own $ here... it is at least 30% too expensive IMO compared to other places I go of this caliber. But, if you want to drop $100/person (not including drinks) and want good food... try it.Anything cooked gets 5 stars: lamb, black cod, and about everything else is great. Sushi gets 3 stars: it is just OK - they do a few things that are good but nothing beyond 4 stars and that is pushing it. The fish selection is not very big so they need to step it up there is they really want to be a top place to go for just sushi.The deserts were Meh. The only thing good was the sorbets and they were good, not great.Overall I had a great meal, we ate a lot and the cooked dishes made the meal... good thing I did not have to pay for it.
5	Butterfish tataki, chicken yakitori, kobi beef and kimchi dumplings, black cod, vegetable sides of grilled sweet potato and sweet corn are all excellent.Must try their ice creams or sorbets for dessert, especially the autumn chocolate (chocolate, cinnamon, cardamom).
4	The inside of the restaurant is absolutely stunning.  I loved the giant sushi bar in the middle of the restaurant.  We sat at the sushi bar and it was really fun to watch them prepare food all night.We started off with a couple of drinks, I got the pink mojito which I really enjoyed, it wasn't sweet which was perfect for me, my husband got a sochu which he ended up not liking very much.  We ordered the butterfish tataki, kobe beef and kimchi dumplings, tempura shrimp, himachi serrano chili roll, and spicy tuna roll.  They brought the butterfish out first; it was good but not as good as some of the other reviews made it out to be.  The dumplings and shrimp were next, the dumplings tasted like regular dumplings you could get at any Asian restaurant and the shrimp were average as well.  At this point I started getting a little nervous that we were about to spend a lot of money on a very average meal.That all changed when they brought out the sushi.  This is the best sushi I've ever had in my life.  It's the best quality fish I've ever seen which made it worth every penny.  We had barely made a dent in our sushi when I asked for the menu to order more!  We got another himachi roll, another tuna roll, and a soft shell crab roll.  The only small complaint I have about the sushi menu is that it's very limited.  I wish they'd expand it a bit.We ended our meal with a chocolate cake that was served with peanut butter ice cream peanut brittle and caramel sauce.  It was very good but I could only take a couple of bites because I was stuffed.  My husband didn't mind, he cleaned the plate!  I think if we hadn't been at a restaurant he might have licked the bowl.The service at Roka Akor is amazing as well.  Our waiter was extremely attentive and knew every item on the menu like the back of his hand.  He was also really great about my husband's food allergy.  My husband is allergic to avocados.  He wrote on the ticket that my husband had a food allergy and double checked before our food was served. He also offered to take the sochu off of our bill since my husband didn't like it, we declined but it was still really nice of him to offer.   Our bill was $130 which isn't too bad considering how much food we got.  We will definitely go back, but next time we'll skip everything else besides the sushi.
5	One of the BEST dining experiences I have ever had! I met friends for diner at Roka Akor on Friday night and it exceeded all expectations. The food was incredible, the service was exceptional, and the entertainment was priceless! There was an (unintended) fire in the open kitchen which set off certain sprinklers, created black smoke, and triggered the fire alarm. It was a Vegas-worthy pyrotechnic display that caught everyone by surprise. Our hospitable server, Eugene, handled it with class and professionalism...and the right amount of humor. I am already looking forward to visiting Roka again soon. P.S. The Black Cod changed my world for the better :)
4	Very good happy hour. Interesting and delicious drinks and an extensive happy hour menu with very fair prices.  The sashimi salad is awesome. Big with lots of fish and and excellent dressing. He sushi is good, even though it's not the most creative. Grilled asparagus and the cremini mushroom skewer were very flavorful.  And the beef skewer was fantastic. Recommended very highly.
5	Amazing!!! Never been to Scottsdale! First night here, friend took me to this place! Soon as I sat down and started eating, I said to her, 'how are you going to top this the rest of my days here?!' Pork belly dish was phenomenal!!! and no joke, the brussels sprouts!! Omg! I hate eating Brussels sprouts in general and I am so coming back for that @ Roka! I would just fly back here from Cali just for this place!!
1	I think this place was more style of substance.  My husband and I could not find what we were looking for, and the menu was no where near what you would expect from a sushi restaurant , very limited selection with the rolls. And I would have expected better food than what we paid for.One other thing the hostess greeted us and told us that it would be a 15 min. wait to be seated in the restaurant, and that we should grab a drink at the bar.  As soon as we walked over to the bar I see a group leave some table, and tell my husband lets go there and sit and wait.  While waiting the waitress Victoria comes up and says that we could order dinner here too.  So that it what we did which was fine.  The only things is the hostess never came back to check up on us to see where we were.  I really think that's poor hostessing skills.
4	So I don't think I've ever had brussel sprouts before but someone at our table ordered them as an appetizer and they were extremely tasty. You really need to try them.. Im not a big fish guy but I ordered the Blackened Cod and it was some of the tastiest fish I have ever had. I also had the Filet Mignon and it did not disappoint. Sushi wasn't bad but paled in comparison to everything else.
5	Tasty, tasty, tasty! And beautiful inside-great place for a date : )I came here for a lunch date with groupon and it was a fantastic deal. I will definitely go back to Roka Akor maybe for a special occasion.
5	Unbelievable food. Just amazing. We went because we read that the place had been on Bon Appetite's best sushi list. Well, yes, the sushi was extremely good. But the memorable dishes we tried were the crispy brussel spouts (think you don't like bp? think again), the glazed pork ribs and the grilled corn on the cob. We're still talking about the food, three days later.
5	What can I say that the 277 other people haven't already said? The food is extremely fresh, imaginative and delicious.The service is quick and friendly. The drinks are cold, tasty and abundant in variety.The happy hour is awesome! Highly recommended.
2	Roka Akor is all hype and very little substance.  Service is courteous and knowledgeable; however, be prepared to be rushed.  My wife and I had four courses and several glasses of wine in under an hour, not by choice.  The table next to us even sent back several of their courses because they were still eating prior courses.  Given the prices, this type of table turning is inexcusable, especially considering there were several open tables.  The o toro shashimi and butterfish tataki are fantastic.  If you have never had fresh wasabi, be prepared to be blown away.  One of our courses, the chicken and leek robata was inedible.  Basically, it was burnt, flavorless chicken on a stick.  When the floor manager cleared our plates, we expressed that we didn't care for the dish and he simply looked at us like we were speaking another language.  One of our main dishes was the madagascar prawn.  Flavor was excellent, presentation was cool, but the prawn was totally overcooked.  We explained to our server that the prawn was overcooked and once again, nothing.In my opinion, Roka Akor is designed for impressing someone that has little concern for proper execution.  Ideally, have drinks and sushi at the bar and then head elsewhere for dinner.
4	Yelpers you did not let me down! We had a party of six and arrived early for "happy hour" in the bar/lounge area.  With half off appetizers it was plenty for us to eat and we got to taste over half the menu!   The appetizer list is pretty extensive - the chicken and beef skewers were tasty, the sushi was decent , and the vegetables were yummy.  I did not care for the kimchee potstickers, but credit for being different ! The one menu item we ordered was a rice hot pot that came with a variety of mushrooms, and some other vegetables all mixed with the rice.  It doesn't look that great, but it does taste good!  We peeked at the dinner menu and it did not look as interesting as all of the appetizers! When we left the bar was crowded and the restaurant was about half full (but it was still relatively early)Definitely check it out!
5	Every time I'm in Scottsdale for business (which is often), I absolutely MUST come here. This place is awesome! Food is delcious and great service.I would definitely recommend the butterfish tataki and serrano chili roll. DELISH! Their sashimi is always fresh and served beautifully.If you're not in the mood for sushi, then the black cod is my go-to robata grill item. As for side veggies, you cannot go wrong with the sweet corn!Happy eating!
4	Delicious sushi.  Try the robata grill for a deviation from the average.  Sitting at the bar is fun and highly recommended.
2	Had great hopes with this restaurant, given all the great reviews.  This was my first time there - went for the omakase - Roka has two choices - a $98 which is composed of "the most premium ingredients" and a $128  "comprised of rare and hand selected ingredients."   I ordered the $128 menu.  Perhaps I am more of a "foodie" then I thought, or it was the chef's choices, but I was pretty bored with the dishes that were sent out, as I've had most of it before.  Ponzu sauce and truffle oil were on most of the dishes. The yellowtail sashimi and oyster both had a bad aftertaste. Requested some ginger to cleanse the pallet.Squash blossom tempura wasn't anything to write home about.  Steamed mussels are well, steamed mussels.   Also on the menu were the beef tataki, which was good, black cod, domestic wagyu beef (a little gamey),  grilled asparagus and zucchini, and a wild mushroom hot pot (somewhat interesting).The only dish that I hadn't had before was a Japanese pepper that had been grilled - which was pretty good also included was a a toro flight which I enjoyed.For desert, passion fruit and a berry sorbet, panecotta, and fruit ie. cantelope, grapefruit, pear, mango, some berries.  Desert was definitely a dud.Overall, expected more - the taste of the food was okay.  For what I recieved, this place fell flat.  This is not even considering the price.  Including the price into the equation, definitely thought it was overpriced and not worth it.
5	One word....Aaaaaahhhhhhmazing!!!!!Lol try everything...like seriously, get one of everything. It's all so good.
5	Amazing customer service! My husband and I told them it was our anniversary and not only did they send over a compimentary bottle of champagne, but the sushi chef came out and introduced himself and asked if he could prepare a special 5- course meal for us!?  This is very uncommon these days and we were beyond happy! We ended up staying there for almost 3 1/2 hours!  Wonderful Wonderful! Food was fantastic as well!
4	This was our second time to Roka Akor and it was just a great as the first.  I don't know why we waited so long to go back . . . maybe because it is a little further from home than some of our other Japanese/Sushi hangouts.  We went during restaurant week. The special menu was lovely -- and that was what my hubby chose. His Butterfish Tataki with Yuzu-Shallot Dressing was heavenly. The Ribeye with Wafu and Garlic Chips was delicate - no knife needed.  And the dessert of Exotic Fruit and House-Made Mango Sorbet was so colorful and delicious, and so pretty, it looked like it should stay just put!  When I saw the Yuzu Miso Marinated Black Cod with Pickled Red Onions on the menu, I said "no thank you" to the Restaurant Week menu.  OMG, it was divine. Black cod is almost a delicacy . . . we've try to replicate this dish at home . . . no way. All the meals came with the side of Japanese Wild Mushroom Rice Hotpot. I've never quite tasted anything like it.  It's similar to wild mushroom risotto, only better and more flavorful. Since we were celebrating my birthday, they served up a freebie of baked green tea custard. It was uniquely refreshing and the perfect end to a delectable meal!Service was spot on . . . just attentive enough without smothering. The space itself is beautifully designed with various different areas to sit in according to your mood.  The atmosphere is upscale, along with the prices, but don't let that deter you from going.  You can make it a special occasion restaurant!
4	A lot of us at Pucci go there for happy hour. They offer some great deals. Definitely try their soft shell crab slider, Incredible. Their food is pricey on the dinner menu but it is as fresh as it comes with great presentation. Go there
4	Nice place, attentive server and food presentation beautiful.  Food is delicious but EXPENSIVE.  Three adult meal cost us about $200.  Would go for special occasions but not on a regular basis.
5	And yet another great night at Roka Akor! The food is unique and the service is great! We went for happy hour on June 16th and as always, excellent! Even if you are doing happy hour, try the hot pot on the main menu! Stan and Pamela!
5	Roka Akor is the best Happy Hour place I visited while staying in the Phoenix area. We took a trip to Scottsdale and on the recommendation from fellow yelper Jared R, we gave it a shot. We arrived on a Sunday for Happy Hour and found a quiet little corner couch to lounge in. Everything we ordered was on the Happy Hour Menu and fantastic. There was not one thing that we did not like. To start, I ordered the house sake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DymZ5vpm7vkSsR__-4sflw?select=9nbjFTP4j7xvm0M3NMN4BA#Z4l2nQd3AN32UmwWoftl4Q and my man ordered the Blood Orange Margarita http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DymZ5vpm7vkSsR__-4sflw?select=9nbjFTP4j7xvm0M3NMN4BA#p2vq7FipyZO-Hn26b_b5dg And although mine was great, he scored the best first drink award.Anything spicy always catches my eye, so we ordered the Hamachi Serrano Chile Roll and it was so good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DymZ5vpm7vkSsR__-4sflw?select=9nbjFTP4j7xvm0M3NMN4BA#OkLM7fkyeEFa0WbAVwy34Q Second up was the beef teriyaki. Then we ordered two house infused glasses sochu, one cucumber melon and the other a spicy mango. Both fantastic light sippers! This isn't really alcohol is it?! To go with that, we ordered the Butterfish. I am a sucker for Butter fish and it was beyond amazing. Slices of creamy butter fish wrapped around white asparagus! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DymZ5vpm7vkSsR__-4sflw?select=9nbjFTP4j7xvm0M3NMN4BA#2nPo-UaB6chwwASuWjJ3EQThe food was so great, yet I was too full to try anything else. Which is okay, because our fabulous waitress Lisa told us that they are planning on opening a Roka Akor in San Francisco soon! Look out kids, you are gonna LOVE this.
5	Roka Akor provided the best dining experience I've had in a long time.  Our waiter (a tall, slender man with an exotic accent) gave us excellent recommendations and really built an amazing dinner for us.  We came here with friends, and started out with the butterfish tataki and "special mushroom."  The butterfish was as buttery and smooth as I knew it to be but the sauce that they paired it with gave it an extra kick of flavor that makes you want to have more.  The special mushroom was enhanced by the truffle oil that they sprinkled on top, and our friends and I were fighting for the last piece.  For dinner we ordered the black cod, filet mignon, scallops, and an assortment of sushi rolls.  Everything was amazingly delicious, but the dynamite rolls were my absolute favorite.  The cocktails were really great too.  The Banzai Mule was perfect for a summer's evening. We can't wait to come back here again because we want to try everything!
5	I went here with my friend who so happens to work here. She knew the menu and knew what was good and since we were there for happy hour, she knew exactly what to order. I've never been so full in my entire life. Everything here is amazing, I think the place is a little pricey (she hooked it up so I can't complain) but its sooooo good.  We had amazing sliders, sweet corn tempura, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember because I'm pretty sure I went into a food coma. We literally ordered everything off the Happy Hour menu so everything is a hit on there. The place is fancy and the servers are trained to treat you like royalty. I definitely recommend.
5	We have been here now several times.  This Is one of the best restaurants we have ever been to.  The food and service is absolutely the best.   Most everything is cooked in their exposed kitchen.  Everything off the grill is awesome.The servers will patiently answer all your questions and appear as though they really enjoy seeing you pleased with your experience.Since we have been here several times here is a list of some items we have had:For one, if you don't mind spending the money the toro "tour" is great.  They have something like 5 different kinds of toro.  From real fatty to a little less.  Melts in your mouth.  The presentation is very impressive.  It is served on ice with different kinds of salt and (to us) a very unique way of presenting the wasabi.All there other sushis are served perfectly preparedThe steak is excellent.  The flavor is spectacular,  grilled in view over an open flame and quite literally cooked, always and without fail, exactly to you specification.All tempura dishes are greatGrilled zucchini.... Very good and juicy.Seabass with miso.  Cooked perfectly.I suggest you order to share and sit at the counter.  It makes for a very good experience.  This is the place where you should go in without worrying about cost.  Just go for it, tske your time and experience it all.  It will make for a very good experience.Try their very unique drinks, they are very refreshing.Or, if you are real daring, the tasting menu is literally a 4 hour experience.  Did it once.  It's a bit long for us and wont do it again.
5	Roka Akor was a combination of excellent service, ambiance, and most importantly, exceptional food with a wide variety of great dishes to choose from including hot and cold plates, tempura, grilled steaks, seafood, sushi, as well as a diverse selection of drinks (cocktails, sake, shochu, and beer). Our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped us pick our dishes, all of which turned out to be mouthwatering, from the butterfish tataki (with white asparagus and yuzu) to the scallops, the black cod, and the fillet mignon. The "special" mushroom with truffle oil was delicious, also recommended by our waiter. I also really enjoyed a few Banzai Mules (ginger vodka, pineapple, and ginger beer), a nice varation of the Moscow Mule which I am a big fan of. This place is quite pricey, especially because you want to try so many of the dishes, but well worth it. If we come back here on our next trip to Scottsdale, I will have to try the mighty Madagascar tiger prawn (with yuzu kosho chili paste) that our waiter also praised.
4	LOD 10The whole table ordered the Chefs Menu - very happy we did, the chef was nice enough to come out and say hello.Hands down worth EVERY penny - the pork belly yum!!!  We showed up early and had some drinks at the bar and had multiple orders of the Butterfish Sashimi - Amazing!!!
5	We love this restaurant.  In fact, my husband hosted my birthday dinner here last year.  I dream of lobster tempura and the rice hot pot and yuzu on everything and especially yuzu ice cream.
1	Very noisy and the waiter rushed us to put in order.  Tempura, greasy. Smelled like old oil.  My cod was a small serving for $28 with no sides, it was adequate that's it.  They forgot one of our party's order and acted like it took longer to cook, even though it was the same as mine!  They took that off the bill but that was it.Ridiculous really for the money.
4	Roka was pretty good, i recommend getting sashimi here based almost soley on the fact that they give you fresh ground wasabi with it!!! i have a love affair for horse radish so um, yeah i enjoyed the wasabi from that.Very good food, but to be honest it better for being at the price range it was at.The server was good and friendly. This place has a more laid back atmosphere and so there really isn't a server breathing down your neck all the time trying to bombard you with service. They show up at the correct time and always are willing to help you if you need it. We had a spider roll, dynamite, the korean pork belly with kimchi, and yellowtail sashimi.The spider roll was the better of the two rolls.  They gave us an aioli sauce with the spider roll, that really had no benefit to the dish at all. It was there but didn't add anything special.On the Dynamite it was actually dissapointing. The Scallops were sliced soo thinly ontop that it was virtually not there. Couldn't taste it and it ended up just being just an EHHH type of roll. I'd pass on that next time.  The Korean Pork Belly was really good, it had a nice and might i say beautiful char on it which not only provided a great smokey flavor (not burnt flavor mind you), but also gave it the characteristic we all wish for... the melt in your mouth. I'd definitely would want to get this dish again. Putting a piece of the home made kimchi on it with a bite was a winner. Home-made kimchi was impressive because i wasn't expecting too much from it. Definitely was NOT my favorite kimchi, but it was a lot better than i thought it would be. Lastly as i eluded to earlier the sashimi was not only cut beautifully and fresher than other places i've had, but it was served with fresh ground wasabi. should i say more? too bad i will, I LOVE fresh ground wasabi. I seriously just started eating it by itself, don't regret it at all. Honestly an amazing experience on the sashimi part. I'd come back definitely and hope to some time.
5	Another big thanks to Yelp & Groupon, which both lead us to Roka Akor for an early dinner last week. First off, the service was impeccable. The entire menu was explained perfectly & there was never a minute our waters were even close to being empty. Secondly, the food. The grilled pork belly is a fabulous starter. The dynamite scallop roll is hands-down the best sushi roll I've ever had in my life.  The yuzu miso marinated black cod was a fantastic piece of fish with great flavor. Essentially, we ordered everything marked with the 'Roka Akor' signature and didn't have one bite that wasn't delicious.Pretty pricey, but totally worth it.
5	We went to Roka Akor for happy hour this past weekend and had THE BEST JAPANESE FOOD EVER! What we ordered:-"Chibi" Burger (3oz) with Homemade Sesame Bun   [MUST TRY]          -Cremini Mushroom Burger with Wasabi Aioli   -Robata Grilled Zucchini with Miso Mustard     -Cremini Mushrooms with Soy garlic Butter     -Sweet Corn Tempura                                              -Seasonal Vegetables, Prawn, and Butterfish Tempura     -Roast Duck with Kimchi Udon  [MUST TRY]-Butterfish Tataki with White Asparagus and Yuzu  [MUST TRY]-Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll  [MUST TRY]What we loved:  Everything. Seriously, EVERYTHING!Victoria did a great job describing  and giving suggestions (since it was our first time). Food was delicious and drinks (mojitos + maritinis)  were great.Yes, it is expensive but definitely worth it!
4	We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here last night and everything was amazing.  We had the whole lounge area to ourselves. The food was awesome. We had dumplings for an appetizer.  The glazed pork ribs was the star dish. I had the Jidori Chicken with a really good chili sauce.Dessert was on the house...they brought out a chai tea custard topped with vanilla bean whip...with a candle for the birthday boy.Alex our server was awesome! The only reason I didn't rate them a five is because we had to ask for utensils...they brought us a fork and then we had to ask again to get knives.We are fans!P.s. ..they bathrooms are nice as well.
4	Really nice quality sushi and fried. Very excellent service. Unknown Japanese beer terrific. A value for quality and service. Five stars except for reception busy training new staff.
2	After reading the reviews, we were excited to experience sushi nirvana. Didn't quite get there.  We started with the Deluxe Sashimi Platter.  Around $125, the presentation was gorgeous.  Chef's choice sashimi, it does include some of the harder to find specialities.  We also had the Grilled Pork Belly which had great flavor, but the amount of fat was too much to handle.  The crispy fried squid with chili and lime was flavorful.  Overall the flavor, atmosphere and service was good.  But that's just it.  It was merely good.  I can't complain about the taste or quality of the food, but I can't write home about it either.  I've been known to pay a lot for a meal.  This one was not worth it.
5	loved this place, esp our server mike!!! he was sooooooooooo courteous, professional, friendly and made great recommendations. we had the butter sword fish as appetizer... loved the flavor!!! lamb cutlets (more like lamb chops, not katsu), yummy, but hated the side dish of the smoked eggplant (tasted burned, but it was done like this on purchase), fatty tuna belly (2 pieces for $24), blue fin, yellow tails (4 pieces each) and salmon avocado roll (SOOOOOOOOOOOO delicious), spent $150 for the 2 of us. very romantic and gorgeous place to eat dinner with my husband. good job to my hubby for findings this place and made RSVP!!! love it!!!! highlyr ecommend this place! it's expensive, so watch out!!
5	We started our meal with the crispy squid, grilled scallops, pork belly, and Serrano-hamachi roll, and seared salmon nigiri.  All were really, really good. The scallops were huge and perfectly cooked, pork belly so tasty, the hamachi roll was a delicious revelation, and the salmon so buttery and soft. The only one I probably would not order again is the squid, but not because there was anything wrong with it, it was just completely outshined by the other dishes.  I had the 12oz ribeye (cooked to a perfect medium-rare, so tender and well-seasoned), my husband had the Madagascan prawn (that thing was a foot long, btw!!!) and we shared a side of the cremini mushrooms (which I thought were average, but my husband raved about). Dessert was a moist, warm banana cake topped with a ginger-chocolate sauce and almond ice cream. Didn't get much of an almond flavor there, but the rest of it was good. We really enjoyed our experience at Roka Akor, and would not hesitate to return again. It IS a little pricey, but going at happy hour helps.
5	Thanks Yelp for reminding me to write this review.  All I can say is OMG.  This was THE best food experience of my life. Since it was our anniversary we decided to throw caution to the wind and go with the chef's choice menu.  We told our amazing waitress that if the cost went up a bit so that the chef could deviate and give us some adventurous options, we would be up for that.  Once we made that selection, the food NEVER stopped coming and each dish was better than the next!  Some stand out favorites were:  The tempura lobster tail medallions served beautifully in the lobster tail.  The Sushi bowl that came was amazingly beautiful and some of the best I've ever had.  The vegetable dishes were wonderful, brussel sprouts, some sort of chile we've never had but now crave. The beer they import directly from Japan was fantastic!  I really, really can't say enough about this meal and the service.  We sat outside but if you do the chefs meal, we would recommend sitting at the table that wraps around the kitchen.
3	Swanky, stylish decor!  Attentive service, stylish plating.  Limited sushi menu but they have options.  I had their 6 course tasting menu.  Very nice.  Miso soup a bit too salty for me, but others might like. Ginger ice cream was delicious, though, atop bread pudding. Cool bathroom, too.
5	Another pretentious Scottsdale restaurant filled with pretentious Scottsdale clientele ... You Betcha!Get past that aspect and you'll find an awesome Japanese inspired menu served by a young and vibrant staff.  The open kitchen is centered around a large Robatayaki oak fired grill, with the cook staff just humping in all directions. (Finally a place in Arizona that understand's "service")  All the meats are to die for and the fish is flown in daily. While the dinner menu can get pricy, I do enjoy myself immensely "over here"!The chef's offer several Omakase dinners that are "without a doubt" the finest available in the state of Arizona. A "super-deal" happy hour extends from 4:30 PM till 7PM (bar only), get your butt there early as this area tends to fill up quickly. As usual you'll find me hanging at the bar eating Poo Poos & Robatayaki off the stick. The bartender Alex makes these "killer" Shoju infusions that he brews up in the wine cellar. Some of them take weeks to perfect. He saws the ice for your drinks from this perfectly clear block that sits directly on the bar. Man this place just buzzes with excitement. See you there!
5	Loved the happy hour menu.
4	For our sushi fix this week, we decided we wanted to try a place I had heard a lot of good things about, and we were willing to drop some coin, so we paid a visit to Roka Akor.  It was difficult to decide what we wanted, so we went ahead and sprung for the Omakase dinner.  We figured this would give us a pretty good idea what Roka is all about.The appetizers came out first, one at a time.  The couple were butterfish and (I believe) tuna tataki.  The butterfish was the better of the two; the flavors were perfectly balanced.  It started out well.We then had kumamoto oysters, one with ponzu sauce, and one with balsamic vinegar and caviar.  The balsamic oysters were off the hook; the waiter mentioned that this was a new invention by the chef.Shortly thereafter, we were treated to some Japanese chili peppers, grilled and topped with freeze-dried mackerel flakes.  These were delicious.  The final appetizer was another new dish: seared big-eye tuna with asparagus in the middle, served on a cucumber and asparagus sauce.We were then served the sashimi platter, which included six cuts of delicious fish (including sea bass, o toro, and a few other things I don't recall), and the most delicious, black truffle oil-coasted king crab I have ever tasted.  This was excellent sashimi, and where I felt the restaurant excelled.We were served a miso soup with full shrimp, squid, scallops, mussels, and some mushrooms; this was another highlight for me.For the entrees, we had the black cod, brussels sprouts, New York strip, and mushroom hot pot.  The cod was the most delicious cooked fish I have had, even exceeding last week's hamache collar.  They marinate the fish for 72 hours before slow cooking it, leaving it moist and supple.  The steak was good, but not particularly memorable - it was a juicy, tender steak to be sure, but you don't eat at this type of restaurant to enjoy a cut of beef.Finally, we were given a dessert platter, which included green tea ice cream, a couple of custard dishes, and fresh fruit.We also had the non-alcoholic cocktail they make with a Japanese fruit whose name I don't recall (it's difficult to remember what you were served when you didn't see it on the menu); the waiter described it as something akin to a lemonade with a tinge of tangerine, drizzled with honey.The service at Roka Akor was excellent; the waiter treated us almost like a guest in his home.  They gave us fresh plates twice throughout the meal and cleared the used dishes in a timely manner.  Roka Akor is a very upscale restaurant, and the prices certainly reflect it.We had a very good meal here.  They certainly know how to excite the taste buds.  I wouldn't say, however, that this is a particularly good place to get sushi.  And if you're interested in value at all, it's certainly not the best place to get Japanese food.  If you eat at Roka, you won't ever be disappointed in the quality of your food, but you can get the same quality, the same dining experience, and the same creativity elsewhere for barely half the price.For that reason alone, they don't deserve quite the amount of hype they get.  It is a very good place for sushi and other Japanese cuisine, but not the best place to get it.
4	When I initially finished my meal, more like a feast, at Roka Akor I thought the establishment was worthy of three stars.  But with each passing day I realized how good my meal was.  To start the space is wide open and offers three, four if you I think the lounge is separate from the bar, dining spaces.  The menu is extensive, although, I did not appreciate the server trying to show off her menu knowledge.  Tons of food and tons of booze from the East.The deluxe sashimi platter was over the top and included crab legs with a truffle emulsion on top that was melted by a torch.  They were so good I ordered more on top of he platter.  The yakatori was good but I wish the menu offered items such as livers and chicken skins.  The lamb cutlets (really a chop) with Korean spices were cooked to perfect.  All the vegetable sides were excellent.  If you have deep pockets Roka Akor  is a great location to impress a date because not only if the food excellent, but, also because its a fun dining experience.  Only downside is that you pay for the experience as much as you do the food.
4	We made last minute reservations for here and they were able to accommodate us. The special was amazing, sushi rolls and sashimi were very fresh and tasty. The chef accommodated our request for a rainbow roll (not on the menu) which was so good that we ordered another. Perhaps the only complaint would be the noise level because it is such a busy place. The dining at bar looked like it would be fun and on our next visit I am going to try sitting there...
4	The ambiance is 5 stars, the service is 6 stars - even after a long wait to get menus, and the food is... interesting. Definitely high quality and usually I like exotic mixtures of ingredients, but I just wasn't blown away. I'll have to try again certainly.
4	The happy hour was better than I expected! Love this place.
4	I've driven by this place countless times and have always wanted to try it.  Well last night it was finally time and I am so glad that I did.  The food was amazing, fresh and delicious.  The service was impeccable and welcoming.  Simply and awesome experience all the way around.  I would definitely recommend the butterfish tataki and serrano chilli roll.  Those were two standouts on the table.  The sashimi was amazingly fresh and served beautifully to our table.  I will definitely be coming back!
4	Hamachi Serrano and the Chirashi roll are outstanding! Also, recommend the mini burgers during happy hour. In general, the happy hour is excellent here and worth every penny. We have dined here many times and each time has been great. However, the only issue we have had dining here is with the sashimi being cut poorly. Each piece was very tough and we couldn't even chew them. Otherwise, everything has always been very good. I highly recommend also taking their all you can eat sushi making class if you are looking for something fun to do!
5	Easily one of the best Sushi restaurants in Scottsdale, we come here every so often.  It can get busy during week...best day to come is Sunday, when it's slow and you get more personal attention.Some fav dishes I've had here are:12 oz Filet, $46http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=s2yMVUm96Ovi4wVrb4FAZg#s2yMVUm96Ovi4wVrb4FAZgPremium Nigiri - Sashimi, $6 - $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=Z7AaYrSD2y1bED0HBzf56A#Z7AaYrSD2y1bED0HBzf56AEdamame, $4.50Grilled Chicken Yakitori, $7.50Deluxe Sashimi Platter - Market PriceThe atmosphere in the restaurant is very modern and upscale.  You definitely pay for it when the bill comes, but it's worth it in my opinion.Return Factor - 100%
5	This was the best happy hour I've ever experienced. The service was attentive and friendly, the food was amazing and the prices were reasonable (though the bartender encouraged us to order waaaay too much food, not that I minded :))We ordered:-Edamame (surprisingly large portion)-Shishito peppers (really good, but WAY too large of a portion - I hate wasting food and we only ate like 1/3 of these - only so many peppers you can eat!)-Sweet corn tempura (delicious and light - though deep fried somehow - again, surprisingly large portion)-Mushroom and tofu skewers (mushroom skewers were amazing and filling - the tofu skewers had this really great spice mix on them)-Japanese Wild Mushroom Rice Hotpot (a little gooey for my taste, but the flavors were robust and spot on)-Mushroom sliders (hearty, flavorful mushrooms, yum!)-Flame Seared Sesame Salmon Nigiri - this was the highlight of the evening - this literally melted in my mouth and tasted so delicious, I almost forgot that I was eating sushi in ScottsdaleThe service was really great - we sat at the bar, which was large and spacious. The tables actually wouldn't have accommodated all of the food we ordered.I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Scottsdale!
5	Excellent service, and excellent food! Trusted our server & took all of his suggestions ... our meal was amazing. Even the sides of mushrooms & sweet potatoes were fantastic. Impressed that the manager came by to ask if we were having a nice time. When she found out we were celebrating a birthday, out came the most amazing dessert! Thanks, Roka Akor, we'll be back!
5	I judge suhi places by there Unagi and this place passes with flying colors.Also great wine choices, had some good proceco and guverziminerI was here in 2008 but great to hear they do yelp events.
4	I finally sat at to the sushi bar!  I now know I never want a job cracking open oysters; that guy should get a bonus!  Also, Roka Akor knows how to make some beautiful dishes!   I should start off by saying Roka Akor has great food, BUT I am starting to come to the conclusion that I just need to come to Roka Akor for happy hour or the dinner entrees, not the sushi.  Their rolls (we had the Serrano Chili and Spicy Tuna) were honestly not that exciting and on the small side, but they tasted good and were solidly made.  I wish I had gone with my instincts and tried the Dynamite Scallop Roll, because we saw one being made later at the bar and it looked yummy.  The warm Wagyu roll sounded interesting to try next time too.  I ALWAYS get the BUTTERFISH TATAKI; it is seriously amazing.  But, I should also say you get 5 small pieces of fish for $11, and it would never fill you up.  The octopus salad was delicious but came on a plate the size of a tea saucer with more greens than octopus (maybe 5 pieces of octopus); most octopus salad I have had, the majority of it is octopus.  As Jared R. said the Waygu Kimchi dumplings were not as exciting as all the other things we ate.  I think you just come to expect that WOW factor at Roka Akor and they don't deliver that.  I checked in on Yelp and they offered the Yuzu Mousse dessert with a beverage purchase, which was a pleasant surprise!  The mousse was light and fluffy with the perfect amount of lemon; definitely not rich and over-baring.  It came with a raspberry drizzle that complemented it beautifully.  Not to be cliche, but one thing that was kind of noticeable to my date and I, was out of the 8 people in the open kitchen, one was Japanese.  As for our service this time it was okay.  The guy I went with had never been to Roka Akor and had quite a few questions because they have a unique menu that lacks descriptions, which is fine when you have a knowledgeable waiter- but we didn't. I almost wonder if our waiter was relatively new, because he did not describe things very well and most things were described with adjectives like 'good' or 'great' and he basically just said 'I think I would go with that.'  It really didn't give you much to go on, especially since the menu does not have descriptions.  But, he got the job done and he was fast and pleasant, so I am not really complaining.  What to take home with you: Roka Akor has beautiful, yummy food.  The prices are high and I think you can get just as good, if not better, sushi other places. ORDER THE BUTTERFISH TATAKI. They also have one of the greatest happy hours in town, with outstanding, reasonable food options!
5	Went here for dinner with my brother in law and was pleasantly surprised.Waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable, atmosphere and decor really great. My brother in law and I ordered a wide variety of sashimi and sushi dishes which we shared. Fish was very fresh and very high quality. Food was excellent as was the service. Our second time here and we will be coming back for sure.
4	Roka has great food, but I only go there for happy hour, since it's a much better value for the money.  I am not sure $46 for a filet was worth it, I'd rather go to Capital Grille for the steak for that money.
2	Food presentation was impeccable .. The scallop was a bit salty for my palate .. It took 50 mins to serve 3 scallops and mushrooms... This place has a lot of potential if they just improve their customers' waiting time
3	Very expensive and kinda loud in the bar/lounge area.  What's up with sushi places having to blare music these days??Butterfish Takahi is a must try.  Its like 5 little pieces for like 10 bucks but.. worth it!  The Wagyu burger is salty, but cheap.  I would skip the beef and kimchi dumplings and get a pound and a half frozen at an asian grocery store and make it myself for the same price.  Everything else didn't stand out...  Eh, won't miss n my happy hour rotation.  Great service though and not as stuffy/snooty as I thought it would be.
5	This is simply one of the best Japanese meals you'll have. The super high quality of the food is a notch above even good Japanese restaurants. Everything from the sushi, to the tempura to the ribeye steak were some of the best we have had. My wife head 5 different vegetable side dishes that were so flavorful, grilled and prepared to perfection. The restaurant is very lively and can be too loud in the evening but the atmosphere is fun, energetic and chic. This place is a winner.
1	Epic fail!!!!   Was sooo not impressed with this place.  So many people have said to go try it but I was not a fan.  Typical Scottsdale "Groundhog Day" style joint trying to be hip but i've seen it all before. The overpriced wine and food was not the worst part of the experiance.  The real issue was that I was ill for two days as if I had been to Mexico and drank the water!  Too many sushi options in this town and you really don't always get what you pay for at some.Terrible, F
5	Wonderful restaurant! All the dishes ordered were very well prepared with a beautiful presentation combined with really     great tasting food. Excellent menu with exceptional grilled items from the Robata grill. We enjoyed this restaurant so much that we plan on returning later in the week.  I strongly recommend this restaurant.
5	Came here looking for a sushi place, and this had a great reputation for it. To clarify for others, I really wouldn't call this place a sushi restaurant. They have some sushi options, but far more space on the menu is dedicated to cooked fish, grilled veggies, and beef. Maybe my credibility is stunted by the fact that after having a baby, date nights stopped for a solid two years, and this was one of the first places we went once we had a chance to resume date nights... would I rave about any restaurant after two years of fighting a baby/toddler to take one more bite each night?But I counter my self-doubt with the fact that I travel extensively for work, and usually visit a new city's mid-upper-tier restaurants at least one time per trip, so I am lucky enough to know excellent food. Having been a restaurant server for 11 years, I particularly appreciate good service...Five stars for all of the above. Happy Hour is one of the best deals in Arizona, and although you might assume that's for the booze, my pregnant wife agrees. It's the food! You can get a huge array of small plates from the happy hour menu, a few at a time, and still make it out the door completely satisfied for $60 including a cocktail or two. To indulge on a signature entree in addition, you are still under $100. They shave ice for cocktails from a huge block (it's just as cold as ice cubes, but somehow cooler that way) - and they use real lime juice in a gimlet, which is hard to find. The Robata-grilled items are delicious and at least seem healthy... the (cooked) black cod is the best fish I have ever eaten, and the toro flight is a really fun way to sample the different cuts of that expensive sushi. Even things that are normally unimpressive are delicious here - Brussels sprouts, sliders, broccolini...With a menu like theirs, it helps to have an expert help navigate it for you - a server who can help guide your experience really takes it to the next level. Some restaurants are starting to replace servers with ipads at the table - they're just order takers, after all. Not here. If you go, ask for Victoria. She knows the menu inside and out, and having been a few times, we never get the feeling that she has a canned speech she repeats to every table. She tries to recommend things you like based on your other selections. I would highly recommend this place for a date night, a semi-casual business dinner, or a group of friends. Although in a pinch I might bring kids, it wouldn't be my first choice for that age group.This is our go-to date night spot now. After dropping $300 (for two) at Mastro's and being impressed but not wowed, I would rather come here 2-4 times and be wowed each time, for the same price.
1	As a preface, this place has one of the best things i have ever eaten, the chibi mushroom slider, and the quality of the menu is first rate. I've been to Roka Akor 10+ times in the last few years, and I have never experienced service so bad.  After talking this place up to an out of town guest during the entire 15 minute drive over, we sat ourselves in the bar area, where the floor manager graciously assisted us with moving tables around for our party of three.  From that point on, we only interacted with the staff 3 times over the course of the next half hour: once to order our drinks, 25 minutes later when our drinks actually arrived, and immediately thereafter when I flagged down a passing waitress and handed her my credit card to close us out.  I'm not a particularly demanding man, but we visited at 9 o'clock on a Saturday night and it was not especially packed.  Other tables were receiving the usual solid service.  Meanwhile, my room mate and I were embarrassed in front of our guest.  Roka is good, but on principal I'll be steering clear of the Scottsdale location from here on.  Cheers!
5	I think Roka Akor is amazing and I tell everyone I can think of about it.  Maybe, it's because I had my first date with my love here, but no, it's because of the pork belly.  Or wait, the butterfish crudo?  Could it be the black cod?  The brussels sprouts?  The simple grilled asparagus that is so delicious?I think it's the combination of extremely high quality food and some cool bartenders who make really good shochu infusions and are friendly enough to tell you about the process and give you their suggestions.  I suggest the cosmo made with an infused shochu (pear if they have it or cranberry is good too!).  This isn't for people who think that a high priced dish should equal a mountain of food, but if truly respect and value quality food, you will like this place a lot.  I will say the pork belly is the absolute best I have ever had.  The happy hour is really good too, and those little burgers are freakin delicious! Ask for the baby burgers during happy hour, they are sooooo good!  If they allow you to order the beets as a side dish do it!  Normally they are a garnish for a dish, but solo, the heirloom beets with chives are truly my favorite side dish of all time.I like that Roka offers you something whether you want to splurge and indulge or if you just want something inexpensive for happy hour and a drink on your way home.  They don't try to be one way or the other and maybe more people need to know that they do offer something for everyone (everyone who appreciates good food, that is!)
4	Food is fantastic .... Service ok..... Drinks great.
5	Came here with a couple girlfriends for the happy hour on Saturday and we were very pleased with it. They have happy hour everyday from 4.30-7 in the lounge area only. I really liked the atmosphere there - very relaxed and comfortable with about half of the lounge filled during the time we were there. Keep in mind this was on a Saturday so it might be totally different on the the weekdays, I would imagine it would be a lot louder and crowded. The happy hour menu is pretty extensive. Here are what we ordered: butterfish tataki (I loved it, my friends were ok with it), grilled pork belly with side of kimchi (we all loved it!! it was perfectly grilled with the meat tasting so tender and full of the delicious wood-smoked flavor), Chirashi roll (another great dish - the fish on it was really fresh), Calamari (great), roast duck with udon noodles (great but pretty spicy), grilled beef yakiniku (just ok), Cremini mushrooms (good), Kobe beef and kimchi dumplings (just ok). I might have left out a couple dishes but that's what I can remember now :) I tried the Hani-pru and mojito. Hani-pru was really good, the mojito was just ok - I couldn't really taste the alcohol. Service was also good, the servers were quick and polite but not overly friendly, which was just perfect. Overall I loved the food and its presentation, albeit the smaller portions. It's a great place to hang out and enjoy great food and conversation during a Saturday happy hour. Will try the full dinner menu next time.
5	Expensive but worth every penny.If you are looking for a couple of quick rolls and some sashmi before a movie, this isn't the place for you.  Go to Sakana (which is also very good).You go here for an EXPERIENCE.  Get the Omakasi and plan on eating for 3 hours, being stuffed but still eating because it is otherworldly delicious.  I've gotten the Omakasi 4 times now and every time I have been blown away.
4	I was invited to a Robatayaki tasting presentation, which was my first visit to Roka Akor. From the reviews I had read, I knew the restaurant was about more than just sushi, and I was really impressed by the sight of the kitchen staff building a charcoal fire in the open kitchen (flames, sparks and the whole nine). The invite literature mentioned "prime cuts of lamb and beef steak grilled over a charcoal flame" so everyone in my party was looking forward to trying those proteins "Robata style".Cold sake while I wait at the bar for my peeps to assemble? Right on. We were all seated at the comfortable and impressive sushi bar with a clear view of the chefs at work at their stations. Say hello to a bowl of edamame, everybody! Various things were being grilled, sliced, prepared with steam, stacked into ceramic vessels with rocks and shells and ice and other garnishes. No plate left a chef's hands without being visually attractive. I thought the abalone mushroom could have passed for actual abalone, and with the way it was sliced and grilled, you could fool a good portion of the public into believing that it's some sort of seafood. Especially when it's garnished with pea-sized salmon eggs. One of my group is not such a great fan of foods that once swam, so he was disappointed in the salmon eggs, salmon tataki and the diver scallops we were offered. The scallops were on the rare side, and one of us (not me) remarked that they were a lil too gooey inside for her. I didn't mind, because they were grilled and seared on the outside and dabbed with a lil bit of wasabi-lime-green apple sauce.  There were small cubes of pork belly that were juicy and fatty and grilled perfectly with just the right amount of char on them to enhance the natural flavors of what is essentially uncured bacon. Powerful tasty.Niman Ranch Strip Loin came my way sliced and looking a perfect medium rare. It was seasoned with a little sea salt and had a robust beef flavor and a buttery texture. I could have eaten another small plate of it, easy, and if I had really wanted to, no-seafood dude is also well-done dude so his steak was available because it wasn't done enough for him.I was not a huge fan of the Duck Confit and Foie Gras Rice Hotpot with Perigord Truffle. In my humble opinion it did not stand up to the previous courses. It looked and tasted a bit like a hash I might make with a leftover skin-on chicken thigh and some sticky rice. It was definitely made with upscale ingredients (truffles and foie gras) but it didn't taste decadent enough to match the description.  Perhaps the most talked about and enjoyed item were Brussels Sprouts. Described as "Crispy Brussels Sprouts with Japanese Mustard", they were phenomenal. The sprouts were quick fried to a crispy brown on the outside and Japanese Mustard needs to be a standard condiment everywhere.The dessert course was an "Orange Blossom Honey Chawanmushi w/ Strawberry & Lime Foam". All you need to know about that is in the name, and that Chawanmushi is an egg custard and sorta like soft-serve ice cream.I tried a Latour Chardonnay and a South African Pinotage with dinner and I'm now a fan of both.  Service was impeccable. Their staff should train everyone else how to present and remove and refill. I enjoyed letting the chefs at Roka Akor take over and the rest of my group did as well. Except for that one guy who doesn't like seafood or anything less than well done steak. He had to stop for a hot dog at a gas station on his way home.
2	Yesterday I ventured into Roka Akor as it is near where I've recently started working. I am a big fan of sushi places. I may not be into eating the fish but I am all about some miso, veggie tempura and veggies rolls (...and whatever else I find minus meats).So upon finding myself on a closing shift and hungry I called them up ordering a bowl of miso soup-$5 and an order of veggie tempura - $6. i was told it would be about 10-15 minutes so I waited 10 and headed over. I spent a bit of time waiting at the bar where the bartender was friendly but very obviously busy.  It looked like the drinks were well poured and I found myself thinking maybe a night after work I could gather some friends up and have some drinks, dining & fun. I will say that this place is decorated beautifully. On to why there are two stars. I was delivered my bag and I walked out to my car did a quick glance to see there was a bowl and a box in there as I was walking. I returned to my desk and busted out a small bowl of miso soup which was half filled. The tofu looked as if they had fried it. It was ok. I've had much better that was more cost proportionate. I had hopes well, maybe that was a mistake and some how I ended up with a complimentary side version of miso instead of the appetizer. I shrugged it off. I then opened into my veggie tempura, how disappointed was I to find seven pieces of bland vegetables. Had I not looked I would not have really been distinguishing the difference between the vegetables, just so you know my taste buds are not damaged (non smoker, 1-2 a month if that drinker). Now completely disappointed and irritated at myself for wasting eleven dollars here when I could have gone to anywhere else near by to get a portion of something that was actually filling. I still clung to the idea that maybe this was a mistake where the portions were incorrect but alas upon my phone call to their manager today it seems that is what should be expected from this particular place. I will stick to other sushi places that give me more than a double shot of miso.  As you have probably figured out I'm not coming back.Just for fun, I'll post what I saw when I opened up my food from Roka so you know what to expect.
3	I was so disappointed last night in Roka Akor.  I know they are expensive and was prepared to splurge for great food, great service, and a fun night.  Luckily, my friends always make the latter happen.  The food was average, our drinks took 35 minutes, and our service was average.
4	The best, most knowledgeable & friendly wait staff (thanks Eugene) & a genuinely involved general manager, Angelo. Sushi was as if right out of the sea. If available, try the maitake mushrooms with truffle butter. Best uni I've ever had. Beautiful restaurant with a great happy hour menu, 4 - 7. A more lively atmosphere than ShinBay & a totally different menu.
3	For the price, it was ok.  The salmon nigiri was really great.  Everything else including the service was nothing spectacular.  Have had better in North Scottsdale.
5	My boyfriend took me to Roka for dinner last night for my first experience with delicious Sushi. We ordered the vegetable tempura, sweet potatoes, and sweet corn which were all delightful. Additionally, I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon and my boyfriend ordered the California Roll and Sashimi Chef Selection. My dish was perfectly delicious and Tim enjoyed his dinner as he always does when he visits Roka. This turned out to be one of my favorite dinners out in quite some time!
3	This was our first time at Roka Akor and went based on a friend's recommendation.  I was immediately taken aback as I had a different mental image, something more quaint and romantic but it is definitely to be seen and energetic.  The service overall is impeccable, however I feel our waiter was a bit short handed and it was long durations before he would come back and check on us.  Given that two people spent upwards of $150 on dinner, I would have liked more service and attention.  He seemed a bit bothered that we wanted to take our time and that we would be there for a bit longer.  Overall, the Saki/cocktail list is notable and quite intimidating, especially if you are not a saki aficionado. The food was great, fresh and great presentation.  We had the yellowtail sashimi to start, which was by far the best yellow tail ever.  We also had the Maine Lobster tempura, which was quite nice and presented with the lobster head, which was a bit macabre but I get it. A couple of rolls, nothing fancy and BAM more than $150, not including drinks.  Overall had a decent experience but not likely to be a regular due to lack of genuine service and overall money spent, very little ROI.
5	On a return ini vacation to Phoenix this year, we did not pass up the opportunity to go back to Roka Akor for Happy Hour.An early dinner or a meal between meals, there is a reason why we call it Happy Hour. The best ones have the best deals and dishes. We are lovers of small plates and great drinks. I already knew that we would order the Hamachi Serrano Chile Roll and the Butterfish Tatake, those were absolutely the reasons why we returned. In addition we ordered the Scallop Ceviche Taco and the Pork Belly Taco, really great.To drink, I ordered the Soju again. I love infused Soju and the flavors this time were a little different. We also went for the Kirin on HH special. To make things that much sweeter, check in and get a free spice cake. It was delicious and a bonus for choosing Roka Akor.
5	I've been there before but it was many years ago. Went again tonight and it was as good as I remember. I could take or leave the Shochu, it's not my thing but they have amazing ice tea. Also had shishito peppers, robata grilled scallops, crispy fried squid and the Tomahawk steak. All of it was amazing. I will be going back sooner rather than later. Our server was also extremely helpful and took great care of us.
5	I can't believe it took me so long to get in here - This is a beautiful restaurant with impeccable service. I sat at the bar to watch the chefs at work preparing a variety of impressive sushi and sashimi dishes. I tried to start with the oysters - they were out... after that things improved. The spicy squid (calamari) comes in a very large portion, the butterfish melted in my mouth, I also thoroughly enjoyed the short ribs and the scallops. I will be back to try their much hyped happy hour.
4	Great food, great service. Not the best place for kids, but they had a high chair and they were very accommodating.  We'll be back for sure.
3	It's not ideal for true sushi or sashimi, but then again, as much of a foodie as I am, I haven't encountered any place truly worthwhile in Scottsdale. That being said, the other dishes were delish! Butterfish tataki: melt in your mouth. Duroc pork belly: was ok.Madagascar tiger prawn: holy moly, good!Mushroom rice hot pot: aaah, I love rice...can't go wrong here.Yuzu miso marinated black cod: yum!There was a beef trio (incl wagyu): wow, I'm drooling just thinking of it...As for drinks, meh, not impressive. Good, but not anything worth writing about. As for service, thumbs up! Thus, the overall ends up being a 3 stars. Too bad the sashimi / sushi (nigiri, rolls, etc) were not better... that being said, I will state that this place is better than other sushi restaurants I've been to in Scottsdale.
4	Great bar area, specialty cocktails, and attentive service.  A long-awaited return... And will definitely be back soon!  Go and try the unique schochu infusions...
5	This place is really amazing- the food & ambience!  The butterfish melts in your mouth, the lamb is tender with delicious spice and the Shishito Peppers are yummy!  Something for everyone- you won't be disappointed!
5	The food was amazing! The sushi was very fresh and full of flavor. The best sushi we have ever had. The lamb was very tender, a bit over cooked but still delicious. This is a great place to dine out and have fun.
5	I was very impressed with Roka Akor when I came in last week.  I was with a large group and we had the private room reserved which was a little cramped as far as seating but it had a nice ambiance and the chairs were comfortable so it wasn't a big deal.  The service here is what really impressed me.  There were several different people coming in and out interacting with us (girls to fill our drinks, our server, a special server just for one of the items) and everyone was very friendly and professional.  The servers especially knew every little detail about the items on the menu and made recommendations, even offering substitutions on things for the two women at the table who were pregnant and wanted sushi that was okay for them to eat.The food itself was delicious.  Everything was made with quality ingredients, you could taste how fresh it was.  I loved the Dynamite Scallop Roll and the Crispy Prawn Roll, I had the Soft Shell Crab Roll as well and it was good but the other two just blew it out of the water.  I really enjoyed the Crispy Fried Squid also.  The chili and lime on it takes it beyond your typical calamari.  Everyone else at the table loved their food as well, which was almost unfortunate because no one wanted to share!  Can't wait to come back and try some of the other menu items next time!
4	Awesome food - great happy hour.  Definitely try the pork belly, butterfish and Serrano chile roll.
5	I recently went here for happy hour after discovering Roka Akor on the Whistl app for iPhone. It showed me their happy hour items and I was more than impressed by what they had to offer.We got got a couple "Chibi" Burger ($3), the Yakiniku Skewer ($5), the Brussel Sprouts ($5.50), and some of their amazing Shochu (50% off).  The slider was very flavorful. The meat was juicy and the wasabi aioli added a nice element to it. One thing I love about Roka is their sauces, all of them are top notch. The Skewers were also very good. More or less what you would expect, but the sweet garlic glaze really made the dish. The brussel sprouts are probably one of my favorite dishes from this place. They were crispy, with their own hose made mustard and bonito sauce. I never really liked brussel sprouts until I had them at Roka. The shochu is definitely a must if you have never tried it. I would compare it to a vodka-like drink, but infused with flavors that can make it even have a bourbony taste. I got the chile-melon flavor. The spice is very subtle, as well as the sweetness, which I liked very much. It was very refreshing, and very unique. I believe the flavors are all seasonal, so there's always something new to try!After discovering them on Whistl, we have been back a couple times for their happy hour and their dinner. The dinner can be quite pricy, but it is worth every penny. Trust me, you will not be disappointed. This is now probably one of my favorite restaurants in Arizona. The food is always perfect, and the service is second to none. Also, a great atmosphere.If you're a foodie like me, and want to find great deals in the area, definitely check out Whistl for iPhone. It's free and no advertisements or sign up!Happy Eatings!
5	Roka Akor has the best happy hour in the Valley, and here's why: super creative and innovative Japanese (?) cocktails and very creative food in an ultra classy atmosphere. If you make it before 7pm and don't mind sitting in the bar, take advantage of the shochu infusion drinks and the following from the HH food menu: crispy fried Brussels sprouts (trust me here!), Crimini mushrooms and any sushi roll. If the kids are along, they will love the Japanese "wagyu" hot dog or any burger. This place Roka really rocks happy hour.
5	So I found this place is one of the best new sushi places in America.  The sushi here is pretty amazing for being in an area with no oceans or fishes swimming or walking around.  The only catch here is they will rape you wallet until there is nothing left take.  The service here is very good and I will definitely go back when I win the lottery.  If you want to get laid listen to Ryan Lochte and take all your first dates to a sushi restaurant.  JEAH!  (i am expecting to lose yelp friends for this one)  xoxo
4	7/27/11Took Mom for our first lunch here, and she LOVED it!  I really should take her back for lunch again (she won't let me treat her to dinner here, as the ticket could get pricey very fast!).  From our starters of miso soup http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=QBQnXq0OfJRfDbim4bq8Nw#QBQnXq0OfJRfDbim4bq8Nw and salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=vs7J2Sxqm5CKQD4t737K0w#vs7J2Sxqm5CKQD4t737K0w, to our main courses of sashimi http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=crw2LPM69lGjbf2aR6nfoQ#crw2LPM69lGjbf2aR6nfoQ and robata pork http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=oqQ7SHbOv8iTzf3rnS6XYg#oqQ7SHbOv8iTzf3rnS6XYg, she was in heaven!  Everything was perfect-- from the dressing of the salad, to the meat temperature of the pork (fully cooked, no redness anywhere, yet still tender and very juicy).  I'd say the only thing that didn't impress her was the miso.  I thought it was OK, although not enough soy cubes, but I wasn't too worried about it, since I was looking forward to our entrees.So glad I spotted the photos in my iPhoto folders... Now I know where to take Mom for our next lunch date!  :)p.s.  Here's another shot of the robata pork tenderloin-- just look at that gorgeous caramelization!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/roka-akor-scottsdale-4?select=HrhOl_vuURZc31AE4wdbcA#HrhOl_vuURZc31AE4wdbcA
5	OMG - delicious!! I brought my partner here for father's day and what a treat! Our waiter Eugene made everything sound tantalizing and amazing and it was even better than his description. We went early on a Monday evening about 5:30 pm and sat at the sushi bar the restaurant was mostly empty but got busier later. We paced ourselves and got something not on the menu the Maitake mushroom - slow roasted on their grill and it was heaven, you could tell the hint of charcoal they were using and it just gave it amazing flavor, Eugene recommended it and also got some edamame.We also tried the dynamite roll and it was dynamite! It was like a mouthgasm. We also tried the tempura butter fish and prawns - amazing as well. The only thing we weren't crazy about was the tempura avocado, it was good it just wasn't as amazing as everything else. We would have done more but were full after that except for the white brownie dessert we had to save room for, that was simply divine as well.5 stars all around for Eugene and for the amazing food and very cool atmosphere!!!
3	A few months ago Roka Akor in Chicago set the tone...great meal, great service but unfortunately Scottsdale let us down last night when we were there to celebrate my son's birthday with a nice dinner.  Fairly slow night, but how do you forget to serve salads to all 4 guests at a place like this?  Great appetizers, but something was off the whole night...timing was bad.  We enjoyed the appetizers, then ordered salads and entrees but the salads never arrived...the next thing we know the side dishes were being served and we were told that our entrees were being plated and oh by the way, after we asked about salads our waiter asked if we still wanted them?? Very, very disappointing.  Waited for a second cocktail and finally had to flag down the manager as he walked by to ask about it and the waiter jumped in from a neighboring table and said, "oh I have that at the bar for you"....doesn't do me much good sitting on the bar if I'm at my table....and the place was very, very slow.  Disappointing visit is all I can say.  A very nice restaurant, very good food, but lost stars due to service.  I'll go back to Chicago Roka when I'm there, but unlikely to go back to Scottsdale. Not cool when the service is so uneven and then when you glance back toward the bar, the manager is eating his meal at the bar...my son, who has worked in several restaurants said "I never expected to see that at a place like this".  Roka take better care of your customers please.  Great food undone by mediocre service - too bad.
4	Try Roka's trendy happy hour! Get there at 4:30 when HH starts, grab a nice sofa or even pre-reserve a HH table, order a $7 Mango Shochu (Honey is ok, a little strong) to get the free Yelp Check-In dessert brownie and settle in. The wait staff is a little slow to take your order, but the amazing food makes up for it. Once you order, food is delivered and empty plates removed very professionally. Munch on Steamed Edamame with Sea Salt $2.5 and Crispy Fried Squid Sweet Corn Tempura $4 while you check out the HH menu. Recommend the following: "Chibi" Burger (3oz) Prime Beef with Wasabi Aioli $3 and Cremini Mushroom Burger with Wasabi Aioli $3, and the yummy Soft Shell Crab Sandwich with Avocado $5. Try a Roka Akor Taco: Scallop and Seafood Ceviche $4 is ok, but definitely get the Pork Belly and House-Made Kimchi Taco for $4 instead. Skip the Crispy Fried Brussels Sprouts - too salty! Opt for the famed Butterfish Tataki with White Asparagus and Yuzu $9, but my fav is the heavenly Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll $10! Drinks and all this food for two with a nice tip well for around $75!!!!  (Shokuyoku!) http://rokaakor.com/mobi/scottsdale-menu.html
3	I'll give Roka credit, the must have read my review, offered to make the next visit a better experience and offered a gift card, so I'll give them another try.  Hoping for another Chicago-Roka experience again.
5	Roka Akor is the best sushi experience I've had thus far in my life. Granted, I've lived in Arizona for almost my full 18 years, so I'm no that experienced when it comes to a refined sushi/seafood palette. My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday, and he found a Groupon. $25 for $50 worth of food. An excellent deal. We'd both never been here, and he thought it would be nice to surprise me, and oh yes it was! The place has excellent decor, very minimalistic and simplistic, however it gives off a very nice and modern vibe. We had a reservation, so we were sat immediately. Probably the whole downside to the entire meal was that it was a tad bit cold in the seating area. But hey, if that's the biggest downside, then count me in anytime!We had the nicest and most attentive waiter. It had been such a long time since we have gotten decent service at a restaurant. We were greatly pleased that the waiter would fold our napkins as we set them down and pour our drinks for us. He was extremely polite and seemed to have a vast knowledge of the menu. I also liked how he didn't mind at all that we were using a Groupon. There have been countless times where I have had waiters and waitresses dish out attitude for using Groupons or Yelp check-in offers. Being that it was my birthday dinner and that we had a Groupon, we decided to go all out. We got the Butterfish and Rock Tempura Shrimp as appetizers. The butterfish came out first. Small portion but PACKED with flavor. Extremely tender and melt-in-your-mouth fish quality. I really don't even know how to describe the taste. It was such a delicate and nice mix of a ton of flavors, that it's truly hard to explain. It was savory, but had sweetness to it, and at the same time it had like a citrusy tang. A strong 10/10. The rock tempura shrimp was literally the best shrimp dish I have ever eaten in my entire life. Tempura is easily messed up at a ton of sushi joints. This tempura was amazing. It was far from greasy, was perfectly flaky, and had a very delicate taste. It came with a chili mayonnaise that was out-of-this-world to die for! The serving size was also very large, which was nice. Then our rolls came. We orderd the hamachi serrano chili roll, the dynamite scallop roll, spicy tuna roll, and crispy prawn roll. Seriously. The best freaking sushi I've ever eaten. My favorite was the hamachi serrano chili roll. They were all very delicately balanced in flavor, and came as pretty hefty portions. It's about 8/9 pieces per roll, and each one was so delicious! By then, our tab was almost around $90 before the Groupon, so we decided to opt out. I have never been so pleased with a sushi meal in my life. The waiter came, gladfully took our Groupon, and seemed happy to serve us. Overall, this is one of the only restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area that gets a perfect 10/10 on all dining aspects. Seriously. Ambiance, food quality, service, everything is a perfect 10. I will definitely be back! Probably with more Groupons!
3	There certainly is no shortage of good sushi in the Scottsdale area. For a location in the middle of the desert, you would think that it would be tough to get fresh seafood in this area, but these area restaurants figure out how to make it happen.The freshness was certainly one of the highlights of Roka Akor. i started with two sashimi dishes, the Butterfish Tataki and the Hirame Kombu Jime. The butterfish was light, smooth and surprisingly flaavorful, with a nice citrus twist. The Hirame, a type of fluke, had a tougher texture, was still very fresh, but didn't quite have the depth of flavor exibited by the butterrfish.Several dishes were sampled for the main course. Much like other high-end steakhouses, the dishes come a-la-carte. The Black Cod and the 12oz Ribeye were ordered with a side of the cremini mushrooms. The flavors were certainly good, but didn't quite exhibit the high-end quality you would expect from a restaurant of this calibur. On a positive side, the texture of the Cod was exceptional. The steak was a little too fatty, even for ribeye and unfortunately hampered the texture of the dish.On a slight negative note was the quantity of the food. For around $60 per person, I left hungry. It likely had more to do with the types of dishes I ordered than necessarily the restaurant itself. Sashimi always comes in small quantities, but I would have hoped that the main courses or side dishes come with a little more. The experience was positive, though not overwhelmingly so. It had a pleasant atmosphere, mediocre service and descent food.[Edit] After some thought, I will be willing to give it another shot, possibly for a happy hour. I'll post another edit once I try it again.
4	We've been going to Roka for years now and the food, service, atmosphere are all excellent.  We nearly always sit with Eugene who is attentive and knowledgeable, and now can practically do our ordering for us.  We bring our friends, employees, and even our kids to Roka and have never once left disappointed.  Do not miss the BLACK COD!
5	Just absolutely amazing food. It could possibly the best sushi/Asian fusion food I have had. The Brussels sprouts and scallops dynamite roll were off the chain but the black cod is where it's at. Love the shochu infusions. Happy hour drink prices are pretty good. We will be back! oh and we love the lounge area in the bar.
3	With all honesty, this place is more a 3.5 than but when it comes to round up, it's closer to 3.I have mixed feelings about the decor. It's nice, simple, cool, but the round tables are huge and build a barrier for conversation or interaction. The bathroom wasn't that clean and the place in general seems to be getting old.The food was kind of hit and miss. The fried tofu was good but be careful, it's super hot. The salad that comes with it was awesome.The sushi rolls weren't that great at all. The wygu tartar which was supposed to be their best one according to two waiters was barely a 2 star. The spicy tuna also really uneventful.The highlight was the lamb chops. They worth the visit!The green tea desert was weird and nothing memorable.The service was friendly and good. The prices are steep specially if you drink. We had a bottle of wine, a pinot noir from the Willamette Valley which wasn't that great at all.A good place for a date but if you're craving great food for a decent price, this is not your place.Cheers
5	What can be wrong with a place that has hh all night every night?! I think it's just a summer special, but hey, I'll take it! On top of great food and drink specials I've always had excellent service there, which to me, is the perfect combo! The drink specials are ok. It's a few dollars off the normal priced drinks, so pretty normal for a happy hour. The food however, is awesome! For $3 the mini chibi burger is by far the best thing one the hh menu. The meet is rich, juicy, and flavorful. This is anything but your normal slider. Who would've thought you could get something so delicious at a restaurant that specializes in sushi! AMAZING. Try ordering one and I guarantee you'll get another :) Delicious!
5	First, I want to apologize for not coming here first. We went to Shinbay and we were denied service as the entire restaurant was empty. We were told every seta and table was reserved. When my guests and I arrived at Roka Akor, your hostess made sure she got us seated promptly. We sat in front of the chefs and enjoyed the scenery of cooking right before our eyes. The atmosphere, the service, and most importantly, the food, was all outstanding. The friends I was with enjoyed everything and raved even after we had left. Keep doing what you're doing, we will definitely be back. :)Thanks.
5	Having read all the good reviews, we were eager to try out this posh restaurant serving high quality cuts of meat and fish. Reservations were easy through Opentable. The restaurant itself is a large space, with high ceilings which makes for a very open, airy environment. Decor is tasteful, minimal, and more modern, with light brown tones. The kitchen is within eye sight of each diner, and is an open layout so that you can see them preparing your meal for you as you wait.We were seated promptly and browsed through the menu. There's a lot to choose from, and I think most people will find something they'll like here. We decided on some appetizers- the beef and kimchi dumplings, and prawns + butterfish tempura. The dumplings were fried like potstickers, and had a nice contrast of crunch with tender dumpling wrapping. The filling was very flavorful due to the high quality Wagyu beef with pungent  tasting kimchi. The tempura was excellent. Both prawns and butterfish were battered and fried to perfection for a crunchy, yet light outer coating with tender and flavorful seafood.We ordered entrees for our main courses- the Jidori chicken and salmon. I was excited to try the Jidori chicken, whose claim to fame is a tastier chicken from freshness (They are typically shipped and sold within 12 to 24 hours of slaughter), as well as being raised free-range and fed all natural feed (No antibiotics). Indeed, the chicken had a "cleaner" taste as the brand touts. The salmon was good as well, but I felt like both the chicken and the salmon weren't as tasty and innovative as the appetizers. They have a fairly extensive menu of beef cuts that looked appealing, so I may try that next time I want to splurge. I'd also like to try some of their sushi and sashimi.We ended our meal with some dessert. I absolutely loved the honey chawanmushi. It's basically a Japanese style custard, and is typically a savory dish, but at Roka Akor they crafted it into a light, delectable dessert. I could eat a whole vat of this stuff if it were available!If you are looking for a tasty non-alcoholic beverage to go with your meal, their yuzu lemonade is delicious.Service was great. Our server was attentive, and offered suggestions on what to get.We used a Groupon and had no problem redeeming it. Overall, a very pleasant experience! This is a great place to go if you want to splurge on a meal, go out for a special occasion, or if you want to indulge in their happy hour drinks and discounted appetizers.
5	It was fantastic! Great customer service the food was delicious. I would go there again - no doubt.
5	Wow this place was amazing.  The steak was unbelievable.  Was referred by a friend and glad I went.   I will go back very soon.
4	Such a good meal. Recently, I brought an out of town co-worker here for dinner. For apps, we ordered edamame and the fried brussel sprouts with ponzu. Really good apps. She and I were tearing up the brussel sprouts. For dinner, we ordered the pork belly, tempura prawns and butterfish, scallops roll, and the soft shell crab roll. My scallops roll was okay to me but I think it was just my tastes. All in all, I really enjoyed the food. I also had the mojito with papaya I think...it was bright pink and delicious!I brought home the pork belly leftovers and my husband was in love...he wants to go back ASAP!
5	I saw that Roka Akor was voted top 10 sushi restaurant in the US. I was skeptical when I read that until my first time there almost a year ago. Now I'm thinking it should be top 5 easily.lol.  Being so long since we came back here we decided to try it again. Half way through dinner we were baffled why we haven't make this a more often stop. Yes it is expensive..but it's well worth it and a great place to celebrate something special. The decor and the service was awesome!  On our two times here we actually like to sit at the sushi bar and watch how the chefs cut our fish. Last time we sat at the bar and there was a blue fin tuna Skelton in front of us. It was actually cool. We ordered the taro tuna sashami platter which had 2 pieces each of 4 cuts of the tuna. Was really tender and so full of flavor.  The taro really melted in my mouth.  In the past we have ordered the 5 price sashami platter and it was just as good. I love the presentation with ice packs and how they use real rock for the display. We also ordered 2 orders of the spider roll. I know I can get spider roll anywhere, but Roka Akor is not just anywhere. It was the best spider roll I've ever had in my life!! Simply blows everywhere else away. Wife ordered a special appetizer that had fried chicken skins. Very simple but it was awesome! The sauce was kicking hot but a real treat. All in all Roka is one of the best restaurants in the valley. I will come back for sure!
4	The food is exquisite. Love the presentation and taste. Very classy. We ordered one of the specials for the night-grilled mushrooms. It was excellent. The sushi rolls are a bit small but tasty. Reservations is highly recommended. This place filled up pretty quickly on a Saturday night.
4	Excellent! The sushi was fresh and delicious. However, I highly recommend the Prime Beef Tataki and Waygu Beef Kim Chi Dumplings.
1	I saw there was a groupon recently for this place and it reminded me that I had not reviewed this place on Yelp so I am here doing it. We went her for my girlfriend's birthday and the servers pushed us into ordering a premium Omakase menu where the chef picks different items based on your tastes. Everything tasted good and compliments to the chef but our bill with a couple drinks came out to $600!!!!  We were hungry less than an hour later as the portions were less than appetizer sizes. I wish we ordered a steak and sushi and called it a night. Instead, I feel like we got the Roka Akor hustle. If I was to have sushi, I highly recommend Yasu by PV mall. AMAZING... it is pricey but you will not reach anywhere near $600. The service was not $600 worth of service and there is no way I would ever want to eat or spend that much in one night on two people. Roka Akor got all its money it will ever be seeing from me.
4	My boyfriend and I went here on a Wednesday night for dinner, and were pleasantly surprised to find that all the positive yelp reviews were true! We ordered the wagyu beef dumplings, crispy fried squid, spicy tuna roll, lamb cutlets and ginger sesame broccolini, along with wine. We enjoyed our entire meal and had great service. One downside was how loud it was inside the restaurant even though it wasn't overly crowded. Overall, the food was worth it and we will definitely be back!
3	We went here recently to celebrate my fiances new job and to use a Groupon I had purchased a while ago. As it was voted one of the top ten sushi restaurants in America by Bon Apetit, I was very excited to try it. The ambiance was lively and the decor was modern, but I was expecting more of a dim lighting, romantic type setting so I was a little surprised. As for the food, unfortunately I think this place was way over hyped for its sushi at least. What we ordered: Rock shrimp- big portion but nothing really special. Batter was a little heavier than I prefer for tempura, with a side of spicy mayo it was an okay appetizer. Butterfish tataki- this was tasty, butterfish melts in your mouth and the sauce (ponzu?) complemented the fish well. but such a tiny portion :(Hamachi serrano roll- big chunks of hamachi but in a rather small roll, definitely not enought to fill one person up. It was okay. Black cod- Probably my favorite item of the night. Nice big portion of cod, miso marinade was apparent in every bite. Melts in your mouth good. My only gripe is that the skin of the fish melted on to the leaf that they smoke it in so you can't eat it. The skin is the best part!! Size and price wise its comparable to Roy's butterfish, except Roy's gives you a side of rice with their dish.Uni nigiri- Sweet and good portion. Sake salmon nigiri- I didn't think you could ruin this but ours was served warm and oily. So weird, it did not taste like sake salmon at all, maybe we will get the regular salmon next time. Ikura nigiri- Fiance had this and said he was pleased, seemed like a generous portion too. Buttercream cake with raspberry sherbet- FREE with yelp check in! The cake was not too sweet and the sour raspberry sherbet went well with it. The waiter also brought me another dessert, must have misheard me but I think it was a rum cake with tons of walnuts and pecans. The cake was good but I don't like nuts so i can't say I enjoyed it much. After a bottle of Sapporo, 50 off with the Groupon, and tip the bill came out to about 75 bucks. We will probably be back for happy hour and to try their steaks and lamb but I didn't think the sushi was anything special. It was definitely fresh but for the price I think I can definitely find better options out here. I'm a fan of Sushi room in Chandler although I think they are also on the pricier side.
5	my bf took me here for the omakase tasting menu, just because.. :)I can't remember all of the things but the experience was fun and food was robust. Especially having having a pretty subpar meal at next door shinbay, I really wish we had skipped the shinbay experience all together. We've been coming back since the omakase and had their happy hour several times now. their happy hour menu is equally delicious! My bf,, well now fiancee is a big fan of their kobe beef sliders and robata grilled pork belly with kimchi. I love butterfish tataki. out of their menu, butterfish tataki, robota pork belly, black cod, their special tuna trio platter (not sure what it's called) and their signature cocktail with yuzu was what stood out to me the most. but to be fair, I haven't really disliked anything I tried here. the atmosphere is sophisticated but not pretentious or stuffy. its very relaxed. I just hate the flames they have outside when its 120 degrees outside and you feel like you have to walk through the gates of hell to enter the restaurant.  the servers have always been polite, upbeat and not one of them were rude.go here!
4	Best thing to do here is to sit at the bar and order their special infused drinks (which they serve with a freshly picked block of ice) and raw appetizers. Everything else tastes pretty 'standard.'
2	What a disappointment.  Everything was overly salted including the miso soup.  And it certainly was not worth the $50 per plate.  We won't be back,
4	Great service. Lisa was very knowledgable and helpful.
1	Not what we thought it would be. Menu needs to have explanations under the names. Very hard to understand what the dishes are. Our dinner was interrupted by a very large cockroach that I ended up killing. Manager made it sound like its no big deal. We actually stood up and left along with a few other couples. Warm inside, asked a few times if the could adjust the temp. We won't be going back.
2	This place has sub-par rolls, mediocre fish quality and overpriced everything. I haven't tried their meat dishes so maybe that's why people love this place but as far as sushi goes, I would not go here again.
5	Love this place!!! My boyfriend and I go here all the time for their happy hour! It's amazing food and not too expensive! The chibi burger, ribs and broccoli are great, we get those every time! The seating in the bar area gets filled pretty quickly but it is worth the wait or you can get their when they open.
4	Butterfish Takahi was as great as ever!Also tried a fancy roll this time and sashimi platter.  Its AWESOMELY FRESH.  I was actually impressed by the freshness of the fish.  Its expensive, the furniture is uncomfortable and something about the place is just douchey or something, but the fish is fresh and it tastes very good.  I would like to go back, but need a willing victim that doesn't mind a weird atmosphere and uncomfortable seating.  :/
5	The standard Sushi is Very good but the best is the Chef's Special that pairs drinks with special dishes don't get sticker shock with the price on the menu it is  well worth the experience ......
1	Totally over rated! This place blows! Service was just ok and food was not worth the price. We ordered grilled black cod and it took forever to bring the food out to us. I can actually see the guy trying to grill the fish over the flames but keep screwing it up and saw him throw out several batches in the trash. Fish was keep falling apart because he was flipping it too many times. Sushi was not good and didn't taste fresh. Their fusion dishes did not impress me at all. They didn't have any sake we wanted so the server said he can recommend one for us. We said we like ours dry and not sweet but of course the one he brings is sweet sake. We even told the server that we didn't like our sake he recommended because it was too sweet and he didn't offer us a different one or apologize. Over priced and not so great food, we will not be returning to this place. If you want authentic Japanese food go check out Hiro Sushi. They have the best sushi in town!
5	This place needs 6 stars. Alinaeem and company dinner here was awesome.
4	Ribeye was so so but the butterfish and fried scallops were amazing! Service was spot on and were very friendly.
5	This place has everything you want in a first class dining experience. the atmosphere is classy and refined.  The building is enormous but the tables are spread far apart for an intimate dining experience even if seated in the middle of the restaurant. Our server Eugine was not only knowledgeable but excited about the options on the menu and very attentive. This is hands down the best fish I've had in phoenix.  The Sashimi is fresh and served on a bed of crushed ice to ensure you get a crisp and delicious serving.  Being a sochu house, I tried some of their namesake.  My Sochu came with one large crystal clear ice cube that kept my beverage cold until it was finished.  Clearly no attention detail has been spared and they will ensure you enjoy your dining experience.  I only wish i could eat here more often.
5	One of the best Happy Hours I've ever been to!
5	I finally tried Roka Akor!  It's been on my list of places but has somehow eluded me for years and years.  My boyfriend and I went here for a date night and it was absolutely perfect!  I love the ambiance and even though the restaurant is large, it feels intimate and like your own private dining experience, even though we were seated toward the middle of the restaurant.  Our waiter was top-notch, attentive, informative and friendly, but not invasive.  The fish was so fresh.  We ordered the Chef's selection of sashimi (3 pieces), I absolutely loved the sashimi, it's definitely the best I have found in Phoenix!  We also tried the Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll (thanks to others Yelp advice) - it was so good, definitely put that on your order.  A little kick, but not too much heat.  The spicy tuna roll was phenomenal (I judge sushi restaurants by their spicy tuna rolls! haha). I think we tried scallops and a vegetable too - everything was so good. The presentation of the meal was beautifully done as well, it just added so much to an already enjoyable experience.  The food was also fresh and light and portions were the perfect size.  We walked out feeling satiated but not overstuffed, and we still had the chance to try a wide variety of foods. Hats off to the chef and staff at Roka Akor!  Thanks for being such a fabulous place!!  Can't wait to return!
3	Fancy fancy! It was a little much for my taste, but it's definitely nice for a nice meal out. I prefer more laid back establishments. :-)
5	Amazing. If you don't love it, you're out of your mind. Need I say more?
2	First, let me start off by saying that I used to have a love affair with Roka.  The Omakase was the multi-course sumptuous dining experience I selected every time I visited.  They had a $99 option and a $128 one and both were an exotic extravaganza of delectable delights (the $128 Omakase promised extra exotic, pricier ingredients).The Omakase is an improvisational dining experience with consideration given to the diner's food preferences and allergies.  When I used to order the Omakase, I always left dazzled by the presentation, colors, textures, and flavors of the dishes I received.  Every dish was superb and left you anticipating your next experience.Sadly, the Omakase is now a shadow of its former self, sorely lacking across every culinary dimension and I have twice walked away feeling disappointed and ripped off.  In the past year, they have eliminated the $99 option, but kept the $128 one.  No matter, as long as the dishes maintain the same quality and consistency.  When I order the Omakase, I expect to receive exciting and surprising dishes that highlight the chef's creativity and artistry.   What I don't expect to receive are generic dishes that can be ordered off the menu a la carte for a fraction of the hefty $128 price tag.Here are the 6 courses I received at my last $128 experience (with accompanying a la carte prices): Shishito Peppers with Ponzu and Bonito - $7, a SINGLE scallop with curry sauce (since ONE scallop is not an a la carte menu item, I am going to be be generous and use the pricing for the Robata Grilled Scallops with Yuzu Shiso) - $15, Assorted Steamed Shellfish with Tomato Miso - $23, Wagyu Beef Tataki - $18, Crispy Brussels Sprouts  - $7, and a lackluster presentation of dessert which consisted of one scoop of ice cream - $4 and Cassis, Pear, & Blood Orange Mousse - $12 ( the dessert was also accompanied by a razor thin slice of pear, one slice of mango, and two slices of kiwi).  Had each of items been ordered a la carte, the sum total would have been $86, a $42 savings on the $128 Omakase price tag.  Again, not only were the dishes not in keeping with the grand billing that Roka gives the Omakase: "Roka Akor's Tour De Force, Featuring Our Signature Dishes and Inspired Creations" (not really sure where the 'inspired creations' part comes in since they are all a la carte dishes), the presentations have gone downhill too.  Desserts used to be magnificently presented on multi-platform dishes with tons of decorative fruits, flowers, and greenery.  Now they come on simple, small white plates.  This 'Tour de Force' is now nothing but a Tour de Flop and a colossal rip-off. As such, I can no longer recommend this place, nor will I be returning.  The love affair is definitely over.
5	The butterfish tataki, salmon sashimi, and pork belly with Kim chi is delicious! pineapple flavored Shochu is yummy
4	We had this restaurant in our list for a few years now to try on our date night. Loved the decor, the staff were great and very attentive, the food was so delicious! The only reason I give it 4 star is because it's quite expensive and if you are really hungry u might need to order a few dishes...:(
4	The surf and turf with bison and tiger prawn shrimp was delicious! Great atmosphere but a little pricey. My sushi came out wrong the first time so that's why I'm giving it 4 of 5 stars. The food was definitely fresh!
5	(Lyrics - Ne-Yo - Because of You)Want to but I can Yelp it, I love the way it tastesJust got my drinks and getting ready for what is my mealI need it when I want it, I want it when I don'tTell myself I'll stop by every day knowing that I willIf you're really hungry and I know what to do about itEven if you're not I know I am, and I wouldn't doubt itI'm taken by the thought of itAnd I know this much is trueRoka, you have become my addictionI'm so hungry for you, I can barely moveBut I like it and it's at Roka Akor(at Roka Akor)And it's at Roka Akor(at Roka Akor)And it's at Roka Akor(at Roka Akor)And it's at Roka AkorHearth of Fire?Roka Akor is a Robatayaki Japanese restaurant located in the middle of Scottsdale.  Not too north and not too south; off Scottsdale Road and Indian Bend. The word ROKA is actually two words from the Japanese language.  RO meaning hearth and KA meaning fire.  Robatayaki is a traditional Japanese barbarque concept, where food is cooked in front of customers and served.Okay, enough with the educational part.  Let's get to the fun part.  Eating & drinking!  What can I say, or should I sing?Les poisson les poisson how I love les poissonLove to chop and to serve little fish(Chef Louis from The Little Mermaid)I always order from the Bar where they have offer the small plates.  Their Sake and Shochu Lounge menu is a must and very affordable.  My favorite, the fishys'!  Their Butterfish Tataki with white Asparagus and Yuzu is mmm good; yes chopped little poisson in my belly - Yum!  The fish itself is soft and melts in your mouth and the asparagus adds the crunch you need to balance out the texture.  The Yuzu sauce is sweet and sour.  Other favorites I must mention is the Chibi Burger, Sweet Corn Tempura, and Roast Duck with Kimchi Udon. Finally, the star of the night has to be the Mushroom Hot Pot --- Uhh! I'm not a vegan by any means, but if I get to eat this daily I'll consider it! A combination of 3 mushrooms and soft sticky rice served in a stone pot; the aroma of the mushrooms cover the rice, while providing a sweet warm creamy blanket to your palates. Yummy!By the way, do you need to impress a date?  Well look no further!  Roka Akor will definitely wow your significant other!   The place itself is eye candy!  Sweet in my belly and sweet for my eyes; can't complain.  Presentations of the dishes are no laughing matter either.  I think I enjoy taking pictures of the food here more then most places.  Overall, a must visit for happy hour or to tell your date you're serious and you play with the big boys of the food world. - Enjoy!(Food Porn by Ms. Suzen Tang on Instagram -- ssuze)
5	The Phoenician concierge recommended Roku. It is a few miles from the hotel and east of camelback. We had the sashimi deluxe. 16 pieces elegantly presented. This is not going to fill up two people but it is delightful for a light entre. Add soup and another side and you have good meal. The sashimi was fish that we may never experience back on Washington DC. That dish was $135 alone so be prepared. The presentation was up to the value.Service was attentive and efficient. The room can get loud but that's part of the ambience.  Got a free desert for the yelp check in
2	Please. I don't know what the rave about this place is when there are so many BETTER and CHEAPER sushi restaurants around the area.Let me be frank. The sushi was NOT good and NOT what I paid for. Sushi has come out wrong a few times and this place is pricey for what they offer.Waiters tend to bore you to death with a history of each ingredient and the eccentricity of the chef's menu. I rather eat. Went here with a group of 4, bill was over 200, and left hungry. No joke.
4	Awesome bar happy hour with decent food offerings and drinks. Very cool interior and atmosphere. Restaurant is amazing too.
4	Excellent food, very trendy. This isn't getting 5 stars because the service was odd, I get bringing sushi and apps as they get ready, but if you order an entree and side you want them together.  A plate of sweet potatoes without steak or your sprouts after you finish your fish doesn't make any sense.  It was a big party, but still weird, would definitely go back for the food and hope for better timing!! :)
4	We had a wonderful dining experience at Roka Akor. The service was excellent and the food met our expectations. Numerous reviewers have commented favorably on the Butterfish Tataki and Black Cod. They are terrific and highly recommended. The side vegetables are great as well. Don't miss out on the crispy brussels sprouts and grilled sweet potato dishes as both are spot on good.
3	This place is swanky, but the prices... wow. The omakase (chef's choice plate) is $128 for one person!  That better be some AMAZING sushi for that price.  The one roll I ordered (salmon and avocado roll) was not my favorite for two reasons: (1) they put this weird crunchy grainy stuff inside the roll... probably trying to be inventive and different... but I don't like weird stuff in my sushi and (2) it had a mayo/aioli type of sauce on top that I didn't like. again, I like my sushi traditional without weird additions and sauces.  And it's not like the menu notes these strange additions, so I couldn't even have chosen differently to begin with.So, while it's a great looking venue and really chic, I can't imagine coming here again when I prefer the sushi at other places better for more reasonable prices.I had to update my review bc my good friend Mike B. was commenting on my experience and he reminded me that the service was poor the night we came.  My two friends and I each ordered a roll at the same time, however only my roll came out.  When my roll came out, my friends figured theirs would be coming out soon as well -- wrong!  My other friend waited about 10 min and then finally had to ask the waitress where her roll was.  It took about another 7 minutes to come out, so clearly they had forgotten to put the order in.  My other friend ordered a veggie roll, which never came out, yet they still gave us the bill with the veggie roll on it!  I understand it was a unique situation bc we had a large party sitting in their lounge and everyone was ordering stuff, but still to totally forget an order and then still charge for it is wrong.
5	This is my second visit and it only gets better. Sit in the bar at the banquet seating with low tables and club chairs. Server recommended a bottle of sake which was perfect with  our small plates. A must try is pork belly toco and scallop toco. Dumplings, small burger, tuna roll all fabulous. We ordered Ikura. Perfect amount of rice, the best i have ever had. The cold rice wine just right. Go for happy hour with a group. Five thumbs up!
4	A wonderful place for an upscale meal!  Beautiful atmosphere, immaculate service, incredible presentation and top-notch food.  If it's this wonderful the next time, they'll be upgraded to five stars! FOOD: The waiter brought us complimentary Crunchy Calamari (he said the kitchen made too much) - it was excellent!  Soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside, with a fabulous black pepper and jalapeno kick, delish when drizzled with lime.  The Butterfish was perfect - divinely dressed/seasoned and melts in your mouth.My favorite item was the Miso Black Cod: dazzling presentation, tender but firm with miso flavor, carmelized on the top - luxuriously tasty.  On the side was a slightly sweet sauce that perfectly complemented the flavor of the fish with sesame seeds.The Broccollini had light sesame ginger sauce so the smoky grilled flavor of the veggies could shine.  Free White Chocolate Brownie with Yelp Check-In!  I 'm not generally a white chocolate fan, but this was lovely - not too sweet, topped with sweet cream ice ceam, pomegranite sauce and pecans.  Wonderful again!SERVICE:Our server was wonderful - his suggestions were our favorite parts of the meal, he was laid back (making us v comfortable), he timed everything perfectly and he treated us to an appetizer...even our water glasses sayed full - who could ask for anything more?  The hostess was a little strange, but not rude.
5	Excellent definitely do he chefs seasonal tasting menu, the duck pot is amazing! Fresh fish galore and great service but go hungry it's a lot of food!
5	This is our first time here but it will defiantly not be out last. As I shared, this could he the greatest food I have ever tasted. The food explodes in your mouth. Everything her is cooked for days and marinated for weeks. So much flavor it leaves you speechless!!!
5	Bomb.com! This place is amazing. They have one of the best menus in the Phoenix metro!
4	$170 dinner for two, before tip. Happy hour is only in the lounge.  Make reservations for the dining room.  We sat in the patio.  There is nothing to enjoy about the patio other than the weather.  Kumomoto oysters - A+! beautifully plated over ice with decorative seashells.  Flavored with a lovely fresh citrusy sauce. Butterfish sashimi - Very good. Not as amazing as everyone makes this out to be.  The fish has a good firmness. Yellowtail sashimi - thick sliced and very firmSalmon sashimi - very niceSashimi is served with Fresh wasabi!!! It's the best, the quick heat disappears after you've swallowed it.  No horseradish here. Petit filet - sliced small and cooked perfectly. I didn't bother with the sauce on the side. Bone marrow - HUGE!  very yummy.  Could be overwhelming for some people and would be better shared with a group.   Tasted great when topped on the steak.  White chocolate brownie - yelp coupon. Topped with ice cream.  I wouldn't order this if it didn't come free.   Not bad but I'm sure there's a better dessert. Our butterfish never came.  So before ordering dessert I finally reminded our server.  They brought it out with an excuse that the ticket was lost. We were charged for it. The food is great!  I would have liked to check out the happy hour.
1	So, my favorite sushi restaurant in Scottsdale was closed on Monday.  Checking nearby places to eat I came across this place.   Salmon sashimi (8 pieces... Not big ones either), 1 jar of house Saki, (2) 12oz kirin beers, and one order of mushroom caps.  92$ out the door.   I'm not rich.    My friend and I left there hungry and not satisfied.  We then went to stingray sushi just down the road and had the sushi experience we were looking for.  I'm not well of enough to not care what the bill is, but if you want to eat at Roka Akor, you'd better be.
4	So, I don't eat seafood. Nope. None of it, much less raw. So when an Orthodox colleague was coming to town, where the hell was I supposed to take him? It's almost the beginnings of a bad joke: "An Orthodox Jew and a vegetarian walk into a bar..." I pre-gamed on Chex Mix before dinner because I was afraid there was going be very little for me to eat. That was just stupid. The menu was so huge, I had a hard time making a selection. I tried the grilled sweet potatoes, broccolini, and this avocado roll thing with asparagus. OMG. Heaven. The food was incredible. I would totally offer to eat crow at this point about my skepticism, but being veg and all, yeah.The service was superb. The server had the patience of a saint as the three of us diddled over the menu and ordered a little of everything. The honey sochu and pineapple cocktails were like candy and I easily would have downed twice as many had I not been with, you know, visiting coworkers. And, yes, it's stupid expensive; my share of the bill was $45. For veggies and two drinks. Oh well. I'd be lying if I didn't say I'm already plotting my next trip. Takeout?
5	Love Love the food here! The price during Happy hour was great. The food was yummy. Highly recommended!
4	The food was good over all but pricey. The a5-9 japanese wagyu was good.  Order all the different variety of sashimi which was decent. Cod was cooked well not too dry.
5	Won't find better sushi in Scottsdale. Period. Pro tip: order the spicy sochu infused martini.
4	Just had dinner and although it was pretty good the price was a little high. We did have apps, sushi, drinks and a free dessert and the price was $65 per person. I would go again but sit at the bar for happy hour, which is still pricey.
5	This is another of my many reviews based solely on their happy hour and sitting at the bar.First let me say that this place is COOL. Interior decor in a blondish wood. Jaw dropping selection of Saki and a very eclectic drink menu, much of which is included in their happy hour WHICH INCLUDES WEEKENDS.Their rolls are all amazing. Again, many included in their happy hour at deeply discounted prices.Funny enough the thing that has my wife and I coming back again and again are these damn little burgers for two bucks each. HOLY SH*T are they good. I mean come on... how good can they be? THAT F-ING GOOD is how good. God in Heaven smiles at me when I order them. Yikes.
2	If not for the excellent salmon entree and sushi, this would have only been a one-star review.  As we entered, my wife had thoughts about leaving, due to the cheap and clashing decor.  Too bad we didn't leave.  We told the waiter it was our first time, expecting him to roll out the red carpet.  All he said was, "the specials are all marked in the menu" ... thanks for nothing.  Then he disappeared for the rest of the night, leaving us to flag down other staff for refills.  In such a competitive restaurant market, I'm amazed how this place stays afloat.  The food is excellent, so if you don't mind an inhospitable staff and a tacky diner-type atmosphere, you might as well go here.
5	Had the tasting menu for two. The food and service were great. White chocolate brownie for dessert. Amazing.
5	My FAVORITE restaurant in the Phoenix area. Everything I've eaten there has been on point, well presented, and delicious! I eat red meat well done, but they served a beef tartare roll for their NYE menu and it was to die for!!!  I would seriously ate anything they served me because I can always count on it to be AMAZING! Can't wait to try their Omakase dinner :)
5	A recent Friday visit (5/23) to Stingay Sushi for the first time for happy hour absolutely proved lackluster from start to finish.  Mediocre food, negligent service--just a start to a list of problems management at Stingray Sushi needs to address.After one order of sushi rolls (soggy and tasteless), and having to wait more than 30 minutes for our next order of food--with wait staff offering no apologies, we asked for the bill early and left.The bright side to such a poor dining experience at Stingray Sushi--in the Scottsdale Quarter --  is that we left still craving good sushi.  And, we found it.  Not simply good sushi, extraordinary sushi with impressive service that kept step every moment throughout the culinary journey - Roka Akor.Happy hour at Roka Akor, in the bar area, with its superb service (Victoria) and splendid menu selections  proved to be an  absolutely delightful dining experience.We look forward to to dining at Roka Akor again! Sharon B
4	I came into going here with high expectAtions because of all of the high reviews on yelp. The drinks are awesome and the bartenders really know what theyre doing. The happy hour also has a lot to choose from drinks or food. The food is awesome- everything on the cold plate section is a must try. However their portions arent that big so if you come hungry you better expect to spend a significant amount of moneyCome to roka akor if you want to ball out- go anywhere else if you want to pig out
5	Oh my gosh, this is the best sushi I have had in a while! First of all, a really nice ambiance that is modern and sleek but with some dimmer lighting to make it feel a little more warm and inviting. There is room on the patio too, by the fire pits, but it was a little too hot last night - maybe in the fall!  Our waitstaff were really sweet and courteous, and the place has an open kitchen so you can see (and smell ! ) all the amazingness that is being prepared.Everything we ordered was delicious! The lamb dish with korean spices was perfectly cooked (we asked for it to be medium, instead of medium rare, which I think was a good move), and the sides were amazing - especially the sweet potato and the brussel sprouts. And the sushi - they make even the classics absolutely mouthwatering, from salmon-avocado to crispy prawns to the california roll. The quality of the fish was excellent, and I think next time I'll probably order some sashimi too. We weren't even that hungry, but we finished everything it was so good! Definitely recommend this place! I'm going to have to come back for the happy hour!
5	I'll start off by saying this is a 5-star restaurant and I received 5-star service. The decor is plush and very upscale. The drinks were phenomenal and the sushi was amazing. I had a chance to taste the spicy tuna roll, crispy prawn roll, and the signature shell crab roll. I highly recommend all three. This was some of the best and freshest sushi I've had anywhere. I also highly recommend the lamb cutlets with Korean spices. I have posted pictures so that you can see how well prepared it was. The pictures only tell part of the story. It was outstanding. The edamame and scallops were mouth watering. I will definitely come back to this restaurant and I highly recommend this place.
3	We were in the mood for sushi, wanted to try somewhere new, many reviews pointed us to Roka Akor, so we gave it a shot. Fantastic service! Extremely limited sushi menu without a true sushi bar, and tiny portions of sashimi. However, the quality was excellant. Yet, we left quite unsatisfied and a bit hungry. Nothing Sweet Republic couldn't cure! ;) This establishment is for trendy folk who value presentation.
5	Roka Akor is fantastic! It's one of the best restaurants I've been to in Scottsdale, and that's saying something!During the Summer they have all-night Happy Hour in the lounge, filled with tons of food and drink specials, so that is something you should definitely take advantage of.Service is outrageously good, as is everything else. My favorite food items are the Black Cod and the Wagyu Sashimi.When we went we were able to try a free White Chocolate Brownie dessert. So tasty.It's all a little pricey, but you get what you pay for. ENJOY!
2	I am not happy about the service, the waitress seemed absent minded. The sashimi is not fresh. I used my groupon and will not return. Not a repeat guest.
3	Great for tapas! Bit pricey for the portions - alcohol was super pricey too - but the food was delicious.
3	The food was great, food server was really nice and knowledgable, bartender was nice, but the hostess was unbelievably rude. Terrible attitude and anything but hospitable, we felt like we were imposing.  She really needs training for customer service skills, get over yourself!
5	Love this place so much. They have happy hour all summer in the bar area. This is a great date night or girls night out restaurant. The Brussel sprouts are a must order. Just get a bunch of small plates so you can try everything! Black cod entree was delicious.
4	Roka is definitely on the high end spectrum of Japanese restaurants and for good reason. I will say the menu is pricey but they have a good happy hour if you sit in the bar. The salmon nigiri was perfect and the pork belly melts in your mouth(literally).
5	I took my husband here for his birthday dinner, and we were instantly impressed. I had made reservations so our table was ready as soon as we walked in. The service from every single person that helped us was exceptional. Our server was especially good. She was helpful with the menu, offered her recommendations when we asked, and genuinely wanted to know how we liked each dish. The menu is set up to order most items as shared plates, and the entrees are ala carte so you get to (or have to, depending on your perspective) order your sides separately. We had the rock shrimp tempura (delicious), scallops (cooked perfectly, and I don't even like scallops), a few rolls of sushi (small but with the perfect proportion of fish to rice) and the black cod (buttery and charred. Perfect flavors). We also both ordered a mixed drink. I had the blood orange margarita and have to say that mine was better than his (maybe because I don't like bourbon...). The rim had salt mixed with chili and tasted like something citrusy. So good!Overall, we were both certainly impressed and will definitely be back for our next special occasion!
4	We finally stopped in for happy hour and we sat at the bar (because all the decent bar tables were "reserved").The prices are high, even for happy hour but the food is pretty good. The best things we ordered (we got 2) was the Roast Duck & Kimchi Udon ($9 on HH and $11 regular). That dish rocks... I wish they sold a meal portion.The Beef Yakiniku Skewer with Sweet Garlic Glaze is ok but nothing special.The Flame Seared Sesame Salmon Nigiri (4pc) was not the best I have had but good. Scallop and Seafood Ceviche Taco was really Delicious and although only $2, it is the smallest taco I have ever seen in my life.The drinks are good, their martinis are tasty and they will muddle any fresh fruit or herb in it for you. The atmosphere is beautiful and the bartenders and servers are really nice. I will go back for happy hour- this would be a fun place to meet friends.
5	Oysters are so good I ate a dozen by myself. The Brussels sprouts are to die for, the bartenders are fantastic but with only 2 on a Friday night, a bit overwhelmed.
5	Fresh, excellent quality. Each dish has a distinctive flavor.  Plenty of vegetarian options too!
4	Was here for a Social Media Day happy hour, and it was pretty darn good. Sushi is fresh and flavorful, and their specialty drinks are excellent. I would like to come back for an actual meal. :)
4	Food was a bit skimpy considering how incredibly expensive it was but it was still delicious. Service was just Ok and tables were so close together it felt awkward to attempt  a personal conversation with my mother with groups of strangers so close, but still it's a lovely place with comfortable chairs and a nice atmosphere and fresh food. Piece of advice though,  if you're looking for sushi their selection is scant so I wouldn't suggest it, but if you want uniquely cooked food and have plenty of money to spend, thus is the place to be.
5	Loved it! The baked lobster roll is to die for and the cucumber drink is a must! We will be back!
3	So, to get it out of the way, the Butterfish Tataki is overrated. It was our least favorite thing. $9 (on happy hour, normally $11) for 5 teeny tiny pieces of sashimi with white asparagus inside. It tastes about as good as it sounds.For the good stuff, and I mean, really good:I had the organic chicken breast and there wasn't a speck left on my plate. My husband had the cod which was also good but the sauce had a weird texture and color so it detracted from the taste of the fish, which was beautifully done. However, after waiting about 30 minutes for the fish, the owner (I'm guessing) came by and said the chef was unhappy with the way the first cod turned out and he was re-firing it and it would be a few more minutes. No problem, but maybe offer us a sushi roll or dessert as a show of good faith. Otherwise, just don't come by at all - it makes your staff seem incompetent and you seem cheap.Sides are sold separately, ranging from $5-11. For $5, we got 4 spears of asparagus that was just alright. As I'm writing this review I changed from 4 stars to 3 because the more I think about it, the more it was just "A-OK." We also had the edamame and California roll - not mind-blowing.One more thing... the waitress was not personable, at all, and neither was the bartender. I'm confused by all the reviews that rave about the service. I must have said "thank you" to the waitress 10 times (for bringing our food, filling our waters, taking our plates, bringing our check, etc.) and not one time did she say anything back, or even smile/make eye contact. She just briskly walked away from the table. It was like being on a bad blind date, really awkward.I had purchased a Groupon to use here, and our total was $80 (after the discount was applied). I can't say that the entire experience was worth $120.
4	Delicious food awaits here! I had the Misoyaki (?) Wagyu which was nothing short of buttery incredible-ness of epic proportions, Tempura appetizers and some baby yellowfin sushi wrapped all this up in a great setting.
4	When it comes to sushi, the old adage "You get what you pay for" is never more true. And what you get at Roka Akor is top quality sushi. Now, if you want to get MORE than what you pay for, I suggest dining in the lounge/bar area where they have happy hour all day/every day until September. We tried the Dynamite Scallop Roll and Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll, both on the happy hour menu. And both were good, though I preferred the Hamachi roll. And please, please, please don't just eat sushi rolls. If you're going to pay this much, you really should partake in some quality sashimi. We diverged from the happy hour menu in this area and opted for the young yellowtail and tuna belly, which were both top quality. Other notables were the Butterfish Tataki and Crispy Fried Squid.Honorable mention definitely goes to the Crispy Fried Brussels Sprouts. I've never had better brussels sprouts. It's a generous portion and even Momofuku's roasted brussels sprouts can't even hold a candle to these. Delicious.
4	This is one of my top fave spots to canoodle or catch an endless cup of belly laughs with girlfriends. Personally prefer sitting at the bar or sushi table. Definitely the blood orange margarita will kick off your night or if you like to be a bit frisky, try the Hani Pru with the sochu. Amaze balls!!!There's nothing that wouldn't satisfy the palate, whether you are a meat and potatoes type or the foodie adventurist like myself. During the summer, they have $1 oysters in the bar and who can resist slurping up that kind of goodness? Besides, the eye candy in the bar is as appetizing as the food. I prefer grazing over multiple selections of apps and sushi rolls. However, if you decide to truly dine, go with the tasting menu. It's an experience you have to indulge in at least once. The chef is always going to wow you!
1	Let me start by saying I have never written a Yelp review. I am not a reviewer, so the fact I am writing this, I am very passionate- opinionated to do so. Roka used to be one of my favorite places for happy hour. However, despite the great food and ambiance, I can no longer enjoy the atmosphere, since the last 3 times I have been, it has been a pseudo daycare. Who allows babies and children in an adult bar- lounge setting?  It completely loses the atmosphere of why I'm going to enjoy cocktails in a LOUNGE- BAR. My girlfriends and I have decided we will have to go elsewhere now. I'm tired of screaming children feet from me or them climbing on furniture. Roka, please fix this and I would love to come back.
4	I've been here a few times and keep going back.  I'm such a sushi fan so I naturally gravitate towards the sushi menu.  I will say their sushi is not the best.  HOWEVER! They have some of the most fantastic Japanese food that doesn't include sushi that I have ever had.  The miso soup is amazing.  I'm very picky about my miso soup and this one is probably the best I have tried.  They have a seasoned broccolini on the menu that we were hesitant to try but opted for it since it sounded like such an interesting blend of flavors.  It was FANTASTIC!  Their fish is top of the line and seasoned just right.  The portion sizes are perfect and the hot jasmine tea is a must with the fish.  The service the first time I went about a year ago was sub-par.  I've been back a number of times and haven't had an issue so they must have made some sort of positive change.  The atmosphere is beautiful as well.  Great spot but if you are a traditional sushi fan step outside of your comfort zone on a Japanese menu and try some of their regular dishes.  You will not be let down.
5	AMAZING. but the Omakaze (Chefs Choice) menu for 4 people was way too much food. Would do it again but take the the chefs menu instead.
5	Beautiful restaurant. owner is not Japanese but doing Great Job for Keepin up. Love the Happy hours . Really appreciated the reasonable  price in Fancy place like that. Pretty fresh sashimi but little more portion would be nice...
4	Came here about two months back with my girlfriend during a date night. This place is meant for foodies. The mushroom and rice appetizer is out of this world delicious and anything with fish is just so fantastic and fresh. Not to mention there wide array of sake. I had some sort of spicy jalapeno sake beverage that really complimented our meal. I ended up ordering the halibut and it was one of the best prepared halibut dishes I have had in this state (I am from seattle so I am picky with my fish.) The atmosphere is very nice as is the decoration inside. The service was equally excellent as all our servers were extremely personable.This place is pricey so be forewarned. My only gripe is that for such expensive prices, the portions are quite small. A trend I really hate with gourmet food. Will definitely be back.
4	Upon arriving (10 minutes early) we were seated immediately. The restaurant is very open and more modern than any restaurant I recall being in. They were quite confused at shift change about who would serve us but once that got straightened out, the service was exemplary. Having the edamame and butterfish appetizers were great for a beginner course. This was followed up by a salmon avocado roll and hamachi, kampachi sashimi and suzuki sushi which was some of the best I've had. This matched with the homemade wasabi...set the bar. My only complaint is the pricing. I've sushi that was just as good for half the price I paid for last night.  But they seem to be doing well. I probably wont return but I certainly wouldn't steer people away either.
5	The waitress we had was really nice and explained everything on the menu and then again as things came out.
5	Went here for Happy Hour. Everything was excellent and extremely reasonable for the quality of food and drink.
5	Excellent menu unique menu/sake combination in one word fantastic. Great taste including blackened cod and beef tataki
5	Spectacular! My husband took my here for my birthday. The decor was elegant, beautiful, and clean. The wait staff was professional, and made us feel welcomed. We sat at the grill, and ordered the chefs choice sashimi. The chef was so talented, and we enjoyed watching him craft like an artist. The food was fresh, clean, well balanced, and divine. and their saki selection was spot on. You want the best, expect to pay for it. This place is not for those, who are looking to save a few bucks. This is now my favorite sushi place.
5	Blue Label and Sushi....Heavenly.
5	Awesome service. Awesome food. The butterfish is to die for. The dessert platter is exemplary, so definitely save room!
3	Party of 7 during Restaurant Week. We were very excited to try Roka and had experienced sushi fans as well as confirmed meat eaters with us. The restaurant is modern, sleek, lovely but the dining room is VERY loud. Our waiter, Evan, seemed less than thrilled to be working that night. Sullen, slow, distracted, on the verge of rude for most of the evening. Example- my husband asks some questions about the Japanese beer offerings and Evan's response was, "it's just like Budweiser and Coors. Depends on what you like." Unhelpful comment. And I'm certain his manager doesn't appreciate his insulting their pricy imported beers by comparing them to ordinary domestics. Another waiter joined us later. Lisa was smiling, helpful and responsive. Service was very slow. Not "well-paced slow," just poorly timed slow. 2 entrees came out without utensils (lamb chop, steak) and it was a full 7 minutes before 3 more entrees came. Still no utensils. Then the final 2 entrees and utensils, finally. On the bright side, the food - delicious! We loved the hamachi. I had the beef and kimchi dumplings and they were tasty. Entrees included black cod, lamb chops with Korean spices, grilled salmon and flank steak with chimichurri. Some items from the restaurant week menu and some off the regular menu. Most portions are on the small side although the lamb chops were served with 3 large chops. This is an expensive restaurant. You're paying for reputation, the experience, something different. I'm glad I visited but not sure I'd go back.
5	Update to the Thursday Happy Hour - Oysters Night!Unlimited oysters on Thursday night just a dollar each? YES, please! To the fans that enjoy raw oysters as much as I do, this is to die for! I have been back on Thursdays just for the oysters many nights, and cannot get enough! You can taste the freshness, and can't find another place simply to just beat the price!
5	Been there for dinner several times...  Fantastic!  Most recently went there for a sushi making class- mind blown! #Respect
4	"Are you comfortable dining with chopsticks?""Will you laugh at me if I said no?"The final stop for Arizona restaurant week brought me to Roka Akor, a place that I've been eager to try in Chicago. I was thrilled that they had another spot open in Scottsdale and did not hesitate to book a reservation.From the outside, the place looked very modern and warm. Inside, it was the standard setup: cocktail bar on the right side, dining area on the left and sushi bar/cooking area in the middle. I got seated at the sushi bar. What was already encouraging was the fact that hostess gave me some recommendations on the restaurant week menu without prompt. I decided to give the rest of the special menu a whirl.To start, I ordered the prime beef and kimchi dumplings. As I've stated in some of my earlier reviews of other restaurants, I'm not a big fan of kimchi. Yet somehow this combination worked. Not to mention that the shell was cooked nice and soft. The kimchi added to the beef filling to give it a nice kick. Next came the Grilled Skuna Bay Salmon with Ginger Teriyaki and House Pickled Cucumbers. I was surprised that they asked how I wanted my fish cooked; after tasting this dish I know why. The salmon was cooked perfectly medium (I probably would have hated the dish if I requested it well done) and the cucumbers were excellent. The final dish was the one that I loved the most: Warm Toffee Cake with Peanut Butter Ice Cream. HOLY. CRAP. The chill of the ice cream coupled with the warm softness of the cake made the dish very very tasty.What I liked most about this experience was the service and great attention to detail that I had. The time to table wasn't quick, but I was ok with it because it showed that there was a lot of care that went into the dishes.I wouldn't hesitate to come back and dine here the next time I'm in town!
4	Roka Akor once again remains one of my all time favorite restaurants with absolutely fabulous food (best in the business)  and one again great service from Ryan. However this time around they lose a star because the general manager was a disappointment to the say the least. I was hosting a large costly business dinner and wasn't feeling any "love" from the manager. No introductions, no follow-up, and no feeling of appreciation from him (sorry I don't know his name obviously because he didn't introduce himself). He cared more moving another party to our table than us as customers.  Bottom line he was the other end of the spectrum from Charles a previous general manager. If Ryan and the food weren't so awesome the rating would be much lower I and I would question going there again.
5	our party of 7 enjoyed dinner. premium food, expertly prepared.   The staff and the manager Rich was exceptionally great.   Wonderful experience!
5	Best meal we've had in ages! We purchased a Groupon (always a little wary about how we'll be treated with those) and our experience was awesome!We enjoyed oysters, lobster sashimi, salmon, Brussels sprouts, mushrooms and desserts. Every single thing was perfection!! I have never said that about any meal!The service was top notch and our server was extremely knowledgeable about both the food and the wine options.I recommend Roka Akor to anyone wanting to enjoy an awesome meal.
5	Exceptional! Our experience every time is great. Collin, the bartender, goes above and beyond! He makes great recommendations (based on your preferences; doesn't just push high priced items), great bar tender and pleased with the food! The kimchi is superb and the tataki with white asparagus is one of the best dishes!
5	I have dined here several times now and I have never been disappointed.  I'm not huge in sushi but every now and then I'll give it a shot and was pleased.  There dishes other than Sushi are also amazing.   I've had the Duck duo dish which was very tasty and filling.  I've also had the lamb cutlets which were great as well.   The Brussel Sprouts are a great dish to try as well.   On Thursdays they have dollar oysters which I'm sure I'll be back for.  They also have an extensive sake selection.  Although it is pretty pricey I have been very satisfied after each of my visits.
5	I have been to Roka Akor twice. Once for the seasonal tasting menu and once for the omakase. Both times the food was OUTSTANDING. On my second visit, I brought my father while he was visiting from New York City. He is a food snob by every definition of the word! Even he was impressed with Roka Akor and would definitely recommend it to any of his friends who came to Phoenix just as I suggest it to anyone looking for a great place for special occasions or for a special date.Everything I have eaten, about 15 courses total, has been delicious. The miso marinated black cod is the best fish I have ever eaten!  My father and I considered ordering a second one it was so delicious! The wagyu beef was beyond belief. The service is terrific. My only advice is to try something different than you would normally get here. Everything is great but push your boundaries a little so you can try something AMAZING instead of something just great!
5	Food was excellent and I was full when I left. This is saying something because usually the fancier the place, the less food there is on your plate. I had sashimi and the salmon melted in my mouth. I also had the spicy salmon avocado roll and there were 10 rolls that came out! The service was absolutely fantastic. They treated us as guests as opposed to just another customer. It is a tad pricey but you get what you pay for and it is well worth it for a nice night out on the town.
5	They were amazing! I love them so much! The staff is also super nice! I especially loved my waiter, Chris. I ran out of batteries on my phone and couldn't use my Groupon, but he let me use his phone to log in and use it. He was also friendly and really fun to talk to. I love the food, it was absolutely delicious. The Omakase is perfect! My daughter and I both loved our experience there :D I would recommend this to anyone and everyone!
4	Be traded for the first time tonight everything was great service was very attentive and very knowledgeable with their menu we will be back soon
5	1st time there with my wife.  Went during happy hour and had several appetizers and 1 drink a piece(alcohol).   All were very good, cremini mushroom caps, pork taco, fish taco and the mini hamburger beef slider and bbq sticky rice were outstanding.  Small portions but during happy hour is well worth it.  Nice cheers type bar and the cooking area is pretty large and you can see the cooks in action.  The location and the ambience are great.  The service was great and the bartender gave us some good recommendations.  We will return.
4	It was good!
5	Roka Akor has the best food in AZ, hands down. You cannot go wrong here, and you are missing something extraordinary if you don't come.
4	Was in town for the week and drove by this place so decided to give it a try after seeing their awesome happy hour deal. $2 off food and $3 off house wine, plus regular HH drink specials. The decor inside is very warm and inviting and they have a huge selection of wine lining the walls. The service started off great but then our waitress brought a different plate than what I ordered and other staff members kept coming up to our table and wanting to grab any plate that looked semi-empty. Food wise, AMAZING! We ordered the crispy Brussel sprouts, hamachi chili roll and the pork belly with beets to start and we had to order another plate of Brussel sprouts because they were so good!!!! The BrusselSprouts were just the right amount of crisp and the chili roll was just the right amount of spicy.  Tasted really fresh too!  Next we ordered the pork belly and kimchi tacos and the chibi burger. Both had such good flavor, the taco was a little spicy and the burger was perfectly cooked. I would definitely come back here (next time I'm in AZ).  Check it out for happy hour just to give it a "test drive."
5	We love the happy hour here.  The dishes are delicious and presented in a beautiful, unique, and artful way.  One favorite is the miso black cod, cooked to perfection as are their other delicacies.  The setting here is beautiful, relaxing, cozy, and ethereal.  This is a perfect place to bring your out of town guests for a unique experience.  Service is excellent.  Thank you Rick for the shishito peppers on New Year's Day!
4	Great dinner last night. We ended up being there for three hours! Arrived a bit earlier than reservation, we started with our drink at the bar. I like the way they decorated the bar. Nice display of so many different kind of shotsyu, great wine selection, comfy chairs, and they even had a DJ last night.We started our dinner with deluxe sashimi plate. First seafood I put in my mouth was uni (sea urchin). As soon as I put it in my mouth, it melted in my mouth, so good. I was really happy with the quality of uni they served. I like their fresh wasabi where they grind real fresh wasabi roots. I also like their rock salt. Some fish goes good with salt better than soy sauce with wasabi. I ate some sashimi with just fresh wasabi without soy sauce. Their wasabi is so good, it has great flavor without too much of spice.  Toro (fatty tuna) was also good as well. Good toro melts in my mouth so good, I like the texture and flavor of toro.  Oysters had a bit too much citrus flavoring for my taste. I prefer real oysters taste without any added flavor.Nigiri and rolls we had were also good as well. I like the way they flavored scallops. Hamachi sushi I had, I was pleased with the quality of hamachi.We finished dinner with kabocha pumpkin cheesecake. This cheesecake was't too sweet, just right amount of sweetness mixed with ice cream and cranberry sauce. Nuts on the cheesecake was just a little overwhelming, it didn't compliment the kabocha .Service was excellent. Besides our waitress, they had enough staff always walking around to clear empty plates and refill our drink.Bathroom stool's door came all the way down, completely enclosed the toilet. The shape of toilet was not standard US. They were similar to what I've seen in Singapore. Bathroom was clean but I thought they could use something more, perhaps some nice aroma oils.  Overall I really enjoyed the night, great quality food, nice ambiance, good service. I definitely want to come back again for another great meals.
5	Awesome spot! Great service, food, ambience and location. We tried several different apps, a couple salads and the cucumber cooler martini! The mustard rubbed baby lamb chop appetizer was the best lamb we'd ever had (and I don't even like lamb!). The prosciutto wrapped shrimp, crab cake, seafood salad and fried goat cheese salad were also amazing.
2	I was excited to try Roka Akor after receiving a gift card for Christmas.  The atmosphere is great and it is beautiful inside, although the dining room was a bit loud.  The service was extremely slow and our server a little snobby.  We ordered the house sake/beer, 2 sushi rolls, 2 entrees and 1 dessert.  My $50 gift card barely made a dent in our bill.  I've had much better sushi and Japanese food elsewhere for much less.  The portions are small and the food unremarkable.  You are paying for the fancy Scottsdale ambience here.  We will stick with one of our favorites Yasu or Hana next time....they might be located in strip malls, but their sushi blows RA away.
