5	We were so annoyed at the Scottsdale Hilton facility that we checked out a day early and went to Best Western Supersitition Springs Inn and Suites.It was everything the Hilton had not been.  Wonderful bed, quiet room, extra cotton blanket, generous and delicious breakfast and really friendly staff.We would recommend it highly and will stay there again.
1	You've got to be kidding me.  Old and noisy.  Noisy air conditioners, and right up against a Denny's and McDonald's.  Convenient to the mall (and those two pillars of fine dining), but I did not come for the mall.  I came for family nearby and booked a room with advertised wi-fi.  Which is pretty much nonexistent.  And a day without water.  Really?  Arizona, late April, 90 degrees.  Great bargain rates, but not worth the price.
4	Good location: Next to the mall and many fast food restaurants and sit down places. Easy check-in:Less than 10 minutes. Clean room: NO BED BUGS. I always worry about that. In room ammenities: Fridge and microwave! Convenient! The room was actually way quieter than I thought it would be considering we were on the McDonald's side of it. Its not the Ritz, but I was tired and it worked out.
2	Overall the room was clean accommodations were fine I asked before I made the reservation if there was a Desk I my room I need one to type reports I was told that they have desks in most rooms that ended up being a small table with a low chair very uncomfortable to work act when I went to the lobby to ask if there was a room with a Desk available I was told none of the rooms had that accommodation this makes me not happy overall it's not bad just not stoked on being misinformed
1	Terrible place don't recommended it at all especially if you have kids because they might get you kicked out for being too loud and walking too heavy footed! Apparently they got complaints of us walking too hard and waited until 11pm Arizona time to tell us and ask us to leave! Mind you were from out of state and are use to a different time and I have a 7 and 3 year old. They said if we didn't go to sleep they'd come and make us leave and not give us a refund! I know when my kids are being too loud and believe me it was nowhere near loud! God forbid I have a newborn baby who wouldn't stop crying in this place! If you expect peace and quiet people underneath us you should have spent more money on a better hotel! And that one star was only because the page wouldn't let me leave a review if I didn't put one! No star at all!
