5	I was pleasantly surprised, and I'm very hopeful for this place!After seeing a handful of restaurants come and go in this location, I truly hope this one sticks around!  My friends and I stopped by for happy hour, even though this place is still under it's "soft opening".We had beer and wine, and then ordered some bruschetta, a meat and cheese plate, hummus and an ahi tuna panini.All of the food was very tasty, and the drinks were equally delicious.
4	Let me start with RAVE reviews for the staff.  We stopped by last night (Fri) at 7:30 and the place was packed. We were informed that this was a 'soft opening' but the buzz is clearly out there. They don't even have the sign up over the door yet. From the moment we stepped in, the front desk staff were informative, attentive and offered great suggestions for food.  Our server (Nikki) was efficient and suggested 3 really good wines to go with our food.  They were out of a few food items and the staff was very apologetic about it. We had no trouble making a couple selections from what they still had.   I ordered the green apple and fennel salad and will make the drive back there just for that item alone. Cheers to the creator of that mix of sweet, tart and crunchy goodness!  Then we tried the braised beef Panini. Beef was melt in your mouth but I'd suggest taking that out of the panini and giving it a place of honor on top of a pile of mashed potatoes with a veggie side. My companions ordered the Caprese Salad and rated it 'good' because after tasting my Apple Fennel salad, well, nothing was as good as that. This place is way out in the foothills and a bit beyond my normal HH range but I'll be back again in a few weeks to see how they are doing.
5	just shared a bottle of La Fin Du Monde. Great food, rotating craft beers and 50 wines and owners and staff that learn your name and treat you like family. you're crazy if this isn't a regular hangout for you. it is for me.
4	Friendly staff and good happy hour prices. Love the setting. Family style bar and a bleached brick wall along with the "vintage" Tim roof make this a pretty cool place to hang out for the evening. Live music on the weekends. Very popular at night. I hope this place makes it. With the Perfect Pear across the street, this part of town is getting some class.
4	I have been there 3 times and it keeps getting better.  The 1st time there (Friday night) was week 1 and our waitress was brand new.  We waited way too long for our food but I do have to say it was worth it.  I had a Flat Bread Pizza and my wife had the Bruschetta.  Both were excellently prepared and tasted great.  They have my favorite beer, Odell IPA on tap so that's a big plus.The 2nd time (Friday night) we went our waiter was also new but he gave us far superior service.  When we arrived around 6:00pm it was about half full but when we left around 8:00pm it was packed.  We had the Mussels as an appetizer and they were good but the sauce they came in was GREAT.  I could have put that on a shoe and it would have been good.  For Dinner we had Mac and Cheese which so far was the best thing I have had there.  My son had the Ahi Tuna Panini, again very well prepared and quite flavorful and his Fiance had the Scallops which were very good with excellent flavor.  I had the Odell IPA again and my son said his Cocktail was a little light on the JD.The last time we went in was for Mothers Day Brunch.  My wife received a free Mamosa which was nice.  To start we ordered the Zeppoles, which are fried balls of deliciousness that cam with a berry sauce.  There were 4 to an order and they were the size of small baseballs and the sauce was very tasty and just added to the flavor.  I asked for a side of honey and while it was good the berries were better.  I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict and my wife had the Brioche French Toast.  The Salmon was excellent but it was a little cold.  My wife's french toast was very good and she highly recommends it.All in all it is a great gathering place that I hope makes it given the location has been so many different restaurants.
4	I love That we have a nice place to eat and have wine around the corner from my house. We were skeptical as the places that have been in this spot before Unwined have not been very good. We went for drinks and apps to check it out with our one year old. They even had high chairs. I was surprised. I ordered wine and my husband ordered beer.The server was nice and brought the drinks promptly. It was happy hour so the beers were 4 dollars and the wines were 5 dollars. We then ordered bruschetta and hummus with pita. The food was fairly good. And we ended up having to chug our drinks because my one year old finished eating bruschetta and then had a meltdown. We will definitely go again.
2	Ok, I hate to call shenanigans on my fellow Yelpians but shame on you for giving the reviews for Unwined that you did.   Or at least most of you.  Are you all friends of the owners?  We just tried it.... Based upon the reviews.    Our server basically knew that there was white or red wine, both kinds.  ...that's about it.        We ordered hummus and they brought us something more like what I expect out of a baby food jar.   Not like any hummus that I have ever had.  We called it at that point.... No reason to continue that experience.  Headed over to the Pear for a good meal and experience.   The Tuke needed a good wine bar.... And it still does.  Don't waste your time here.   A new place will be here soon.  Take care
4	Great atmosphere. love the cozy sitting area in the back. staff was Nice ans responsive.  didn't eat on this trip but will be back
2	Walked in on a Sat. night about 3 weeks ago and headed right to the bar. Sat there for a good 10-15 min. with both bartenders looking at me but not acknowledging me. Finally, one says "did you want to order something?" .... I said "that was the plan" and then he says "oh, why didn't the hostess give you a menu? I hate it when they do that".... Ok, I've walked into a lot of restaurants and headed right to the bar and Never has a hostess chased me down to give me a menu... It was a lame excuse to make up for the fact that I was being ignored. Ordered a glass of wine and the Meat & Cheese board, nothing special.
4	Been their twice.  Great drinks and ambiance.  Had dinner one night and it was really good.My wife gets hummus at restaurants all the time and she is demanding I go try theirs.  She loves it.
4	A friend and I stopped by for Happy Hour and some dinner last week. Very nice bar area, open, inviting and classy. The Happy Hour specials were very nice. We were able to get a great bottle of wine for $18.We ordered two different types of the bruschetta both were outstanding. We also enjoyed the Mahi panini, delicious. We were invited to attend wine classes later this month. The classes were reasonably prices and we are looking forward to attending.Overall we will surely be returning. Great little spot tucked away in the Foothills.
5	We stopped for a quick bite and the food was amazing, much better than we expected.  My husband ordered the scallop risotto and he was thrilled, said it was the best risotto he has ever had.  Happy hours prices were good and service was great.  I hope this place stays around a long time.
2	Well, all I can really say is that this place has plenty of room for improvement. Went for happy hour and it was Ridiculously overpriced coupled with subpar food. Ordered the green chili hummus and it was SO salty I could not even eat it. Also, ordered the salmon cakes that were $10 (happy hour mind you) came out the size of a half dollar... What a joke. One perk was that our server was nice and friendly. I doubt I will ever go back.
2	I do not understand all the rave reviews. The bruschetta had a huge glob of fig jam which threw the flavor out of balance. I would have preferred a spread over a huge amount of jam.  Craft beers are delicious, however I feel as though I can get them at a better price at somewhere like postinos. I feel as though they are copying postinos, but don't have it figured out like them. The service was really good I'll give them that. The kellerweis on draft was delicious.
1	I really, really, really wanted to like this place and hope they can work the kinks out and stay in business. However, it's a long shot if they keep their current manager. I've been here twice, once with my hubby on date night; looking for a romantic place to enjoy a glass of wine and some much needed convo. Manager sauntered over, had a seat in our cosy corner and proceeded to complain to us about his employees and how much more work that put on him! Well, you're the manger yo!Next visit, I brought my family. We did not know ahead of time, but they were having a free wine tasting hosted by this same manager.  He wrongly assumed that we were wine newbies and arrogantly shared his vision to bring wine education to our community through his hand selected wine list... Which of course, wasn't the same wine list he would choose for himself. When not serving wine behind his wine barrel tasting station, he sat playing on his phone. Yikes!I wish I could say the food made up for the poor experience, however the bruschetta (low cost, high profit item) we all shared, was flavorless. Hummus was the highlight. Overall look and feel of the place is clubby and warm. Unfortunately, cheap table chairs, while nice looking, are uncomfortable. Even though this place is needed and welcome in my neighborhood... They need to bump it up!
3	Very lovely place.  The service is top notch.
2	Overpriced for what you get.  Decor is awful.  Owners kept walking in and out of the side door with a bus boy.  Not sure what that means.  Hope this place makes it and hope they expand their menu.
5	Loved this place. Came on a Monday so it was quiet and you can't beat all day happy hour. Salmon cakes were amazing and service was attentive and helpful. If it wasn't so far away I would come here all the time!
4	Went here on Labor Day weekend,  Saturday night. It wasn't too crowded.  We got a nice spot in the back on some nice couches. The waiter was very friendly and informative.  We tried some wine and dessert.  It's a little pricey, but we will be back.  Overall a really good experience.
4	First visit with a gal pal we ordered HH wine, olives (yum) and hummus plate which was very tasty and had sufficient veggie & pita to help us enjoy every last bite.  Pleasant, reasonably priced experience. Nice Server!Second visit with Spouse. Tried the  "Killer Martini" and discovered I am a gin-lover!Warm Kale salad was really super flavorful and the kale was clean (no grit) and very lightly dressed as it should be. Just right amount of cranberries & pine nuts to offsetDrumRoll PLEASE....the Scallops (2)  tender, cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly I was very pleasantly surprised and happy!Spouse had the only "man-food" on the menu (he assures me he read it twice).  Hamburger was good and he wouldn't mind coming back BUT he would love to see more man-food offerings please.   Again with the Nice Servers and the background music was so soothing and pleasant.
5	I went here on Wednesday completely unaware that it was ladies night which makes drinks and glasses of wine 1/2 off. It would be rather pricy though without the  1/2 off.  For example: the cheapest wine flight is $21, but they do special promotions many nights. Tuesday is wine tasting and Thursday is 1/2 off bottles night. I sat at the bar and the bartenders were attentive and fun. They changed out my wine glass every time I ordered a different wine. I have no other word for the caprese than PERFECT; the balsamic reduction was fabulous!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whenever I'm up in Phoenix, I am definitely coming back. I can't wait to try out their wine tasting.
4	Amazing On Tuesdays, great wine tasting. Staff is friendly and knowledgable. Everything that I had (bruschetta and crab cakes) were above average.
2	I haven't tried the food because I couldn't stay long enough to avoid the child being spanked in public humiliation of the bar tender. He was yelling to what seemed to be the manager, to never come back behind the bar...NEVER! He exclaimed! This was after I immediately sat down to him reaching for the tap to pour a beer and finding only foam sputtering out. "Are you freaking kidding me? This too now?" Was his response in a quiet atmosphere where only the early bird specials working on their laptops sat. I buried my head in the menu and quickly ordered a drink. Go with the 2012 Morgan Chardonnay! It's deelish and takes the edge off of the train wreck you DONT want to rubber neck look that's behind the bar!
3	I really want to love this place. Ahwatukee needs something like this so badly! The wine is wonderful of course, but the food could use some attention. The hummus was so salty is was nearly inedible. The bruschetta was decent but nothing special. I'll likely give it another try, but I hope they can figure out their hiccups!
2	I've been to Unwined several times now, so I feel like I have a pretty good sense of what it's about.  If I could give it 2.5 stars, I would. It's between "meh" and "ok."On my first visit, shortly after this place opened, I just came in to take a look and check out the bar. And I'll admit it, I have pretty high standards when it comes to drinks, but the woman who was bartending that night was awful. She acted like I was inconveniencing her when I ordered a Manhattan and couldn't tell me a thing about the "tincutures" used in the house cocktails (more on that later). So I ordered something simpler. However, because I haven't seen her working at the bar since that visit, I won't waste any more time on her.The second time I visited, it was about 8:30 pm on a Tuesday night, and my friend and I were hungry. So we decided to give Unwined's food a try. The place was empty except for a couple drinking beer at the end of the bar, but I could see two employees by the register behind the bar, so we approached to ask if the kitchen was still open. No joke, it took almost five minutes before anyone acknowledged us. I know that the manager (I found out later who he was) saw us, but he said nothing until he was done at the register. Then he turned around and said, "Ok, what can we get you? Sorry for the wait, but I had to deal with *that*" (indicating the other employee). I found this man's aggrieved attitude pretty unprofessional, but the kitchen was open, and we were starved. So. Our meal was a surprisingly good experience--my friend's Big Tukee burger was perfectly prepared and delicious. I gambled and ordered the Smoked Salmon cakes (I am really, really particular about my seafood).  They were also very good.  On this visit, I also decided to take a look at the wine menu; after all, Unwined refers to itself as "Ahwatukee's premier wine bar."  I was underwhelmed. But given the lack of good restaurants in the foothills area, it was a relief to know the food was good, even if the menu is very limited. So I knew I'd be back another time to try their other offerings.So flash forward to mid-December (four weeks ago). I accompanied some friends to Unwined for dinner. They'd never been before, so I recommended the burger and the salmon cakes, for sure. I decided to try the warm kale salad.  Except for the salmon cakes, the meal was a bust. The burgers were way overcooked and dry (which made me embarrassed and disappointed for recommending them), and the kale salad made us laugh. It wasn't "warm" in the least, but the funny part was how enormous the pieces of kale were. I mean huge. As happens sadly often in restaurants, the salad appeared to be made by someone who doesn't even eat kale. My friends and I agreed that the vinaigrette was tasty, but I had to cut up all of the leaves up so I'd have a chance of getting one in my mouth. Honestly, I felt silly. We had fun catching up with one another, but none of our party is ready to go running back to Unwined to eat.Remember my comment about the bad bartender and the tinctures? Now I get to the part about Unwined that really, really bugs me. First of all, they have no business trying to sell craft cocktails, because as far as I can tell, this place does not employ a qualified bartender. I am crazy about top-notch cocktails (Hello, Citizen Public House!), but I'm equally happy with a simple glass of Woodford. Unwined needs to either stick to the basics or invest in a real bartender--not the manager making weird Old Fashioneds, and whatever you do, don't order the Sazerac. It is downright terrible.  Now, I'm not exactly an oenophile, but I do know quite a bit about wine, the characteristics of varietals, etc. Let me just put it this way: the wine list here is unimaginative. For example, the whites by the glass--there are 14 of them BUT it's so pedestrian and formulaic. 3 cheap sparklers, 3 chardonnays, 3 sauvignon blancs, 2 pinot grigios. You get the picture. As another reviewer pointed out, the manager likes to put on a big show about "educating" his patrons about wine. Maybe he thinks we're kindergartners? *sigh* Even the reds were nothing to write home about. I can appreciate owners not wanting to lose money on uncorking an expensive bottle for what may only be one or two pours, but the selections here are either $5, $7 or $8, with one red at $9/glass. I love a great, inexpensive find as much as the next person, but every wine I've tried so far has been just ok, which is what I would expect, given these prices.  There's nothing wrong with "ok," but this place is pretending to be something it's not. The owners need to go hang out and take notes at places like Postino, Cheuvront, Kazimierz, 5th and Wine, Vintage 95, Terroir Wine Pub (especially the latter, since it's very close in spirit to Unwined), and so on. Until then, I fear that Unwined's reach will continue to exceed its grasp.
