5	Classy, Stylish, Trendy, are just a few words that I can express about this store. Matter of fact I have many positive fashion words in the dictionary that I would love to express about this consignment boutique but let me get just tell you the basics. I will first say ladies this is one of the fanciest tasteful consignment boutiques I have ever walked into. The decor, layout and display are very tasteful. Today was my first shopping experience with my best friend. As soon as we walked in the door a gentleman welcomed us and asked us if we had ever been there before. He explained how everything was laid out allowing us to touch and feel items that our eyes settled on. Impressed by the brand name designers we could not keep our hands off the beautiful handbag selection they had to offer. The clothing is neatly in order by size ranging from XS- Large. From tops to dresses to jackets to it all. Accessories are neatly laid throughout the store. Along with two glass cases filled with beautiful selections of designer jewels. Now my favorite part of the store was the shoe section. The cozy little shoe section has a comfy coach to sit on while you try on some sexy shoes. The large mirrors make it fun to try to find your favorite pair. The shoe area is ranged by shoe size with a selection of some of the most favorite top brand names.I honestly have nothing negative to say about this boutique. I also don't have any suggestions to make it better. Everything was just perfect. The prices were very reasonable. The service was amazing and the selection was what every woman would want. If I could give them more stars I would. I am highly impressed and will be shopping again.
3	The best looking consignment store I have ever seen.  Designer labels galore.  But pricey.
5	I am in love with this place! I found it by accident after getting a smoothie next door. I read that it was consignment on the door but it felt rather posh and sparkly so I went in. Sometimes consignment stores feel rather bedraggled and sad...and there is so much digging to find the gems. But here everything is a gem! The inventory is very well curated. Within thirty minutes I had two new dresses and a new favorite shop. The women who work there are my new style gurus!
5	A friend and I happened to see this Boutique and decided to visit it.  What a fantastic experience.  A terrific amount of thought and care have gone into not only what they sell but how everything is displayed.  We plan to make this a regular shopping stop as they are always receiving new and gorgeous things.  Really understated but elegant, just like the ladies who are involved with it.  Truly a much-needed addition to Scottsdale.  Lynda N
5	The best consignment boutique in the valley! Unlike other consignment stores every piece is carefully chosen and merchandised to look as though you are browsing through  a high end boutique.  All the gals are helpful and knowledgable. Always something great to be found here. Love it!!!
5	I was looking for a place to shop with unique clothing.  This was the place!  I found a couple of lovely pieces.  The ladies in the boutique could not have been more helpful without being annoying.  Truly, they felt like friends!  Thank you for a great shopping experience!!!Annie
5	This is THE place to get an amazing deal on luxury items for the smart, frugal, fashionista. Clean out your closet and get some cash to buy some cool new to you fab finds! They only take like new premium designer clothing, bags, and shoes. Hermes, LV, Chanel, Louboutin, Prada, Gucci, Valentino....you name it! Things sell fast here so if you like it....charge it-Before that baby is gone, gone, gone! :) The store is super chic and has super fashion forward stylists that can help you find that special piece to add to your wardrobe! I'm so addicted to this place now! It's dangerous!! Go check it out! A++++
5	I just came back from an incredible vacation in Arizona and my three highlights were: a hot air balloon ride at 7000 feet above the Sonoran desert, the tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's home, and discovering this amazing store. I found it by accident when we stopped next door for a juice on our way back to the airport and my only regret is that I had just half an hour to shop or else we would have missed our flight. I normally don't go to consignment stores because I get better designer deals on Ebay and I can shop at like 1 AM. But this place beckoned with its luxury boutique look, and I wasn't disappointed. The first thing I gravitated towards was their Chanel, they had a rack full and also some displayed on a table. I got a thrill when I saw their prices - they blow Ebay out of the water. I also saw a really fun Lanvin leather jacket in a floral print (!) new with tags, an embroidered Dries coat, and gosh, a bunch of other delicious finds, but I was on a mission for Chanel. I grabbed a cashmere top and a fun velvet tank, both in mint condition, and then as an extra treat a silk crepe Isabel Marant boho dress, also mint, for like half of what it would go for *used* on Ebay (my reference). I had just enough time to try them on in the gorgeously lit fitting room (I mean the light made me look gorgeous) and then a quick tour of the shoe section where I saw brand new Lanvin high-tops, Burberry boots in black quilted patent leather with gleaming hardware, mint, all at like 70-80% off retail. Imagine having to leave all that after 30 minutes, it was torture! I can't comment on the handbags, there was no time, but they had a nice display of those as well. The staff were in the background, didn't pester me, but I have to say I loved the owner's outfit and literally had her show me the label on her stunning silk bow top (Andrew Gn) so I could scour the web for it later. (I have no shame!) If there was a Michelin guide for clothing stores, and I was their secret expert envoy, I'd give this one a three star rating. It's not just worth a detour, it's a destination.
