4	Great price and great service. It's next day for most services without an extra charge.
1	I have since stopped going to this cleaners. This is nothing negative towards the employees that process the orders but the location that does the dry cleaning. On too many occasions now, my shirts have come back in less then stellar condition. They started coming with creases and broken buttons. I don't have the time to send shirts back to be repaired and pressed again. I would suggest finding another cleaner. And to the cleaners, it may be time to do some quality assurance at your factory.
1	Lost my ironing for a week. Then gave it to me wrinkled. Redid it but again lost n found & gave back wrinkly& stained this time. Ruined.
1	First off - this is now 2.75 Cleaners (looks like they changed the sign outside).  Absolutely THEE worst customer experience we have EVER received.  DO NOT go here.  Because of the location, I went in here after moving.  They make you pay up front for your laundry (which I have NEVER had to do before).  But I let that slide.  The third time I went in I dropped off my boyfriends suit (the only one he has).  I went to pick it up 2 days after it was supposed to be ready and they asked if it had already been picked up....NO - I am the only one who drops off the dry cleaning and the only one who picks it up.  PLUS I had the receipt they gave me for pick up.  They said they would call when they found it. NOTHING.  We called a couple days later only to be told we would again be called back after they looked for it.  Another couple days later we were told that their records showed that the suit had been picked up with either the receipt or a phone number....which is pretty unbelievable since I had the receipt and our phone number is from a different state with a different area code - don't think someone could have accidentally mixed up that many numbers.  Still waiting for a phone call from the manager....love that we even PAID for it upfront.  This business is bad all around.  Wish I had read these other Yelp reviews first.  Be sure and warn others - just like we plan on doing - and taking more drastic action if we do not hear back from them soon.
