4	Centrally located in Phoenix Proper.  This facility is easy to get to from Hwy 17 off of Bethany Home and is close to a hospital, just in case you have a 'thumper' while working on your strokes!----lolIt has 22 Lighted Courts, Locker Room Facilities, Tennis Shop, Tennis Professionals (for Hire), and Hitting Backboards.To rent a court day or night, the costs are very reasonable...I use the backboards for free a lot to work out.  The courts are in good shape and well kept up, but I give it four stars because the Backboard Area is in need of resurfacing and repair.They have stringing for your racket  (on site), and provide private tennis lessons for a fee.There are Tournaments there frequently, and so for you venturing types, you might be able to connect in a little competition!
3	Good:  22 courts, backboards, big pro shop, cold beverages, ice cream, nice clean bathrooms, nice people work there.Bad: Pro shop seems to only carry women's clothes and old old school mens cloths, the lights are the second worse in the valley (after Indian School Park)I have never paid for courts because I play on a league so I dont know about the rates.  The courts were clean and well kept.
2	Located in what feels like the "hood" with gangbanger type cars going back and forth on the road to the east.  Gates are locked, so if your ball goes over you're screwed.  Courts have some of the most annoying backstops you've ever heard - if a serve goes long and makes it to the back fence/backstop... then BAM.  Court lights are somewhat poor as well, with inconsistent visibility.  Being on the center of 3 courts is best, but otherwise there are blind spots and lobbing has an undeserved advantage here at night.
4	Want to walk up and play a cheap game or two of tennis? This is your place. If you've got your own gear it's less than a couple bucks for an hour of play. Not too shabby for nice courts.
2	I've had poor experiences with the front desk workers. My first time going here I tried to make a court reservation two days in advance and the lady who answered the phone condescendingly told me they only take reservations 24hrs in advance and she wouldn't even tell me what courts were available.Another time I tried asking another worker at the front desk to explain to me what type of programs the place offered and he just brushed me off and pointed to some pamphlets. Not helpful at all.The courts/lighting are adequate but i'd rather go to other tennis centers that have better customer service.
4	My six-year-old decided recently that he wants to play tennis and knowing that the Phoenix Tennis Center is near our house, I decided to bring him over to hit some balls. The workers at the front desk were very helpful and directed us to the back courts where Kat and Conrad Ramos were running the Grassroots Tennis program. This program is a great deal, where for only $10 a session your child can get a fun introduction to tennis that gets progressively more involved as the child gets better - plus the parents get to play as well. Since our first experience, we've been back three weeks in a row and my son would play everyday if he could. There are plenty of courts and they are in decent shape but I did hear a rumor that they may be resurfaced this year and they might build a new clubhouse.In addition to the kids program, I've noticed lots of league play at the facility and everyone seems very friendly. The pro shop is small, but would likely have what you need in a pinch.As a tennis facility it probably only deserves three stars, but the kids program bumps it up to four.
4	The new tennis courts are almost done.  They look really nice and the lights are a lot better now for playing tennis in the evenings. Nicest public courts I've seen!
