4	Many, Many things to discuss here...I drive every month from South Scottsdale to BFE to come to Arrowhead Health.  And getting in with them was harder than necessary. The girls in billing became super rude with me, threatening to cancel my initial appointment because Cigna had transposed my birthdate, and although it was in the process of being fixed, that wasn't good enough for them!Once I finally got there, it was pretty great.  Their facility is beautiful and big!  I make the drive and dealt with the attitude because I know how awesome Dr. Craig Phelps is, my mom has been a patient for a long time.I went to see Dr. Phelps because I suspected I had ADD, and he actually listened to me and had me go through the necessary channels to be correctly diagnosed.  We schedule an appointment with Dr. Brues (also uber awesome!!) and between our medical 3-some, we're all on the same page to tackling what other doctors have either a) ignored or b) tried to tell me was just depression.The office staff is wonderful, and they're accommodating to the point where they are able to draw blood on the premises instead of sending me to wait at Sonora Quest for 2 hours!If you live in the area, definitely check your insurance for their doctors.  Heck, even if you don't live in the area, I'd recommend Dr. Phelps. He is definitely worth the drive.
4	I do like the facility here.  It's very big with a large staff and very easy to get an appointment.  They've even been accommodating to me as a walk-in when I first got my concussion.  I was seen within a half hour and I didn't have an appointment.  I definitely can't complain about that.  You're able to make an appointment online (or at least make the request for the appointment), which is convenient.  There's a pharmacy on premises, which is always helpful when you don't want to make a second trip.  The only reason this is not a 5-star is because before I moved, my PCP was a one-man practice.  It's hard to get used to being one of hundreds of patients and not really getting a connection to a single doctor the way you can with a small practice.  I've been trying to see the same doctor (Kimberly Brabentz) and she is really good.
5	Best healthcare multipurpose providers ever!
1	Waited for 15 minutes in the waiting room then once called, waited another 45 minutes in the doctor's office. It's a joke.
5	Absolutely loved this place.  I experienced the best service I've ever had at a doctor's office.  Phone and office staff were all super friendly and got me in to see the doctor right away.  Office was clean, but didn't feel cold like most offices.  It was nice, open and everyone there genuinely seemed genuinely helpful and friendly.  I had a great experience with my PA-C and I feel like she really listened to me.  Easiest doctor's appointment I've ever had.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
1	My first experience was very positive so I started going back, but the last experience... The doctor made a brash diagnosis, prescribed  a handful of drugs without evidence to support the condition. I was never notified of any of my test results. When I called and asked if they could at least tell me the outcome of the xray that I took a week prior, they told me I should call the imaging center and get the xrays myself. They said they would have the doctor call me- he never did. Again, I called and told them that none of the medicine helped me- they said the doctor would call me again. He never did. I will NEVER return to this place. I'm having difficulty breathing- I still don't know what is wrong and they don't even show the professionalism of following up on test results or returning calls. I'm incredibly disappointed, angry, sick... I'm not sure how to find a good doctor that cares about patients rather than drug pushing- Serious, when I leave a place with 5 different drugs for a cough with all normal test results- I feel like I just visited a drug dealer, not a doctor. My body is not a science experiment- it's not about feeding me pills and keeping your fingers crossed.
5	Been seeing Dr Richards, very professional, always gets me in right when I arrive or shortly after. The whole center has been fabulous.
1	19 years ago I was bringing my children and husband here. This was our family doctor's office at a different location. They had fantastic doctors and we knew them all quite well. Over  the years, I watched as the office became a commercialized joke and none of the original doc's are there. We have gone for serious issues and been given "bandaid" service prior to ending up in hospitals and urgent care centers. I even watched as physical therapists and chiro's that I had been seeing for years suddenly got sloppy and instead of the reliable chiro adjustments that had kept me walking, I was leaving completely out of alignment and telling them so but they wouldn't take the time to fix my back.After posting this, I recieved a phone call from Mike, who assured me that the reasons I used to love this place still exist. He has reached out to ask us to give them another chance. He says that the doctors I used to see are not all gone, and that they are passionate about patient comfort, trust and satisfaction. I have to say that I really REALLY miss that old family doctor experience where you can trust your health to someone who cares just as much about you, as you do. I will give them another chance because honestly, I haven't found anything like it since. I will repost as soon as I get a chance to go and I truly hope things will improve.
1	I was having a problem with my shoulder and someone suggested going to Arrowhead. He performed an ultrasound and told me I had a torn rotator cuff and a torn bicep tendon. They sent me to an ultrasound meanwhile it has been 6 weeks and they have not taken any action not even to call me about my MRI. I had to go to another position get another MRI and he diagnosed me with something completely different my suggestion is find a different place to go I could not even schedule an appointment before two weeks the doctor is two weeks out that's not very good when your shoulder hurts
4	My family has been going to Arrowhead for 3.5 years and have always received caring, friendly service from them. Their office is located just one block from our home, so the location is ideal for us.   We only have catastrophic insurance, which does not cover any doctor's visits, so we are extremely grateful that they have reduced office visit pricing for out-of-pocket patients. The people in the billing office have always been courteous and helpful when insurance confusion has arisen--they got it fixed right away.  We have seen Linda Farris, Nurse practitioner most often for yearly physicals, and she has been wonderful.  She takes the time to really listen and discuss any concerns we might have.  She has a calm and unhurried bedside manner that is really reassuring and makes us feel like we are her priority.  She never seems rushed.  My only wish is that the clinic in Mesa would start offering weekend and evening office hours.  My husband has only had one physical in 10 years because it is almost impossible to schedule a visit with his work schedule.  He gets up at 4am and works until 5pm.  He drove to the Glendale clinic for a physical last year, but it was almost an hour away and really inconvenient on his day off.  Please! Why not offer a rotating schedule of offices for weekend appointments?  If Arrowhead has multiple locations, why not offer one Saturday per month at each clinic? (several other clinics in the area, like Banner offer weekend and evening hours, but we prefer Arrowhead!)  Also, staying open til 7pm would be a great help for people who work.  We don't want to search for another doctor, but may have to do so because my husband can never get in to the Mesa clinic, and it is also difficult to work around the kid's school schedules.  :( Please--help us stay patients with Arrowhead!
1	When I moved to Arizona, someone recommended this place.  Well, I'm here to tell you that it was a bad recommendation. I made my appointment and was told to download the paperwork. I don't have a printer, so I stopped in to pick up the paperwork. They couldn't locate me in the system. Turns out, they had entered my information incorrectly. I'm not a fan of a medical office making mistakes, but they are human, so I excuse it. I show up for my appointment. I'm pleased that I don't have to wait--they take me right in. A medical assistant (MA) takes the basics (vitals and history). Shortly thereafter, a physicians assistant (PA) enters. I was not told I'd be seeing a PA rather than a medical doctor. I'm not against PAs, mind you, I just think that when I call to make a DOCTOR appointment, I should be told I'd be seeing a PA. The PA continues the history. I tell her about the issues I'm having--headaches, difficulty with weight loss (I used to be a personal trainer, so I have helped many individuals lose weight), and other digestion all issues. She tells me to drink more water (although I told her that I've been trying that to no avail) and to eat less sweets (without asking about my diet which includes very little sweets). She felt as though she didn't listen to me at all. I was asked to change into a paper gown vest type thing and place a paper blanket type thing on my lap for the exam.  During the course of the exam, the vest completely ripped so I basically was wearing two sleeves and covering myself with my hands. The PA performed a gyn exam that was so painful, I expected to look down to see that she was using a machete to examine me. After the exam, I get sent to the area for lab services. Yes, very convenient to have that all in one place. A few days later I get a call that the lab results are in. I attempt to call back, yet I am placed on hold for a tremendous amount of time. This happens twice. Finally on the third call, someone comes back on the line and they tell me they can read me the results but they cannot answer any questions. Apparently,  they were unable to find an MA to talk to me. Turns out there were some irregularities in my labs. I pick up copies of the labs, and I make a file follow up appointment. Two days later I received a letter from the PA indicating that she is unable to reach me, and that I need to contact them and provide my correct contact information.I call again a few days later to find out the results of other labs that were performed. Same thing happens: I call, I'm put on hold, no MA available. They call me and leave a message.  I call back, I'm put on hold and no MA available. I finally decided to stop and pick up all the lab results and make an appointment with another doctor. Hopefully that will go much better and someone will figure out what us going on because this place has no clue on how to run a medical office!
