1	This was my regular grocery store for 2 1/2 years. It was the only grocery store in the neighborhood. You could walk in easily find a cart, they have wide aisles and plenty of selection. However the meats are poorly cut-a rookie or inexperienced butcher I presume. Of course the prices were a little cheaper than Vons,Smiths or Wal-mart BUT now they have remodeled and the prices are no longer LESS, there are tons of people every time you go and long lines, broken carts and the produce is lackluster at best. Lots of little Mexican kids running unattended throughout the store and when you finally go to get out of there there's usually 1 or if your lucky 2 cashiers. The belts are always dirty & sticky and you have to bag your own shit while a mentally challenged employee stands by and stares into space. Never any help bagging and definitely nobody to assist you to the car which explains why you never see elderly people here. On one occasion I saw a homeless lady walking through the store and when we were in the parking lot 2 employees came out after her and tackled her to the ground claiming she had shoplifted-very unprofessional. If you like rubbing elbows with illegals and bums to wait forever to buy overpriced below average quality stuff-this is probably your store of choice.
3	Time fill up my fridge at the Rio. So, I head over to Food 4 Less to get some goodies for my friends and myself. I drive up and when I get out of the car, I see this small girl pushing all these grocery carts. She seems like one of those geeky, nerdy girls. I felt sorry for her, but she is trying to earn her $$$$. I walk in and WHEW...it was COLD. Thank God for Air Condition.This Food 4 Less seems like the one back in Los Angeles, EXCEPT, the checkout lines. Its hard to describe, but I usually load my items on the conveyor belt in a certain direction. Phoebe was my cashier and she was very nice. Asking if I was all right...lol..It was hot outside and I was sweating. Oh well.I can't go into details about what I bought, but it was to keep hydrated and nourished. A lot of the other customers were quite friendly. I bumped into a lot and they were laughing it off. This location is only 1-2 miles west of Sahara. Not bad to find some cheap stuff after paying so much. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	I prefer this one to the one on Eastern/Sahara (this one's closer to us) because it's not as crowded and less ghetto. Many seniors shop here. Oh and noone's selling stuff I don't need like bootleg dvds or tamales- I'm serious this is what you expect at the other one. I used to take my mom to that other one and I hated going there. And the panhandling in front, too. For the record, I didn't like the one on Flamingo/Pecos either- that was the one we would go to, before the one on Eastern/Sahara opened up.
3	What a strange market.  Before entering, there were girls (dare I say almost adolescent looking?) staring at us.  I was skeptical if they were about to break into our car.  Upon entry, the security guard asked my brother to leave his backpack in the car or leave it at security.  We refused the latter option (heck no am I leaving my $1,100 camera with you).  We gladly show him the camera and my brother returns the empty backpack in the car.  Food 4 less, Ralphs, or Kroger has a noticeable difference in looks.  This Food 4 Less was a bit more run down and surprisingly, the prices weren't that much cheaper (e.g. chips weren't, snacks weren't).  What was different was that it was a little Gaming area for some computer poker and such.  Because we were obviously outsiders (a group of Asians in the supermarket), they were more suspicious of us.
3	This Food 4 Less is REAL Ghettto! The reason I come here (usually once a year) is to do food shopping while I'm in town and this is the nearest one to most of my time share properties. The last time I went here... the Security guard looked at me as if I was stealing whenever I walked in and out. I almost said something  to him, but as I work in the Loss Prevention field I decided he was just doing his job (but did I look THAT suspicious??)As I shopped around the produce was not sectioned off real well. Usually the Cheese and Eggs and breakfast type stuff are all located together.. this place was on the opposite end of the store. The only thing that made my trip here fun, was the cashier. He was happy, cheerful, and seemed as if he enjoyed his job.
4	I personally don't mind these local grocery stores designed with a diverse ethnic community in mind. I got everything I needed and more, including some of my favorite Goya products. Prices are fantastic.
2	This store underwent a massive rearrangement which made some items easier to find, and other items very difficult to find. Try a move of 5 aisles or clear across the store for soup as an example. 2 weeks I went in to shop there and was sassed by a female cashier. Made me feel 'real welcome', for sure. :/  That is an inexcusable thing to me, at any time. She must have been 'having a bad day,' but why take it out on me? I will avoid her like the PLAGUE from now on, if I return to shop there. The store is messy, and has a smell as well. Haven't identified it yet, but, am working on it.
