5	This is a locally owned independent toy shop in Henderson.   It is an experience in itself for kids, as it has a talking, animatronic tree with swinging monkeys and a sand pit in the middle of the store where kids can dig for little treasures.They have very unique gifts ranging from vintage style toys, books, puppets, stuffed animals, games and so much more.  I don't think I saw any electric toys, which is fine with me.It is a great place to shop for gifts, the service is good.  Now that I have 1 year old twins, I really appreciate that they have the toys I would want them to play with.
4	They have an ENORMOUS variety of wonderful toys. Their range of stuffed animals is mind-blowing. Giraffes, elephants, bears (polar and grizzly), penguins, lions, etc. Small sizes as well as GINORMOUS sizes. They also have a great selection of "educational" and science toys. Toys that promote fun AND learning. Also they have a artificial sand pit (not real sand) where your child can "dig" for treasure. We witnessed a little boy having a fabulous time digging around.It really is a place you'll have to visit and see for yourself to understand how great it is.
4	There aren't many shops like this anymore. It's a locally-owned toy store with a panoply of cool collectibles, books, stuffed animals, games, puzzles, and more. Most of the toys skew to a younger audience (think of the under 13 crowd) and you won't find the typical toys and electronics that fill big box places like Toys R Us. Most of the stuff here is from smaller toy distributors, which makes browsing through the merchandise a unique experience.In the center of the store is a "sand pit" made out of recycled milk container pebbles, where kids can dig and hunt for as much treasure as they can fill into a small pouch provided by the staff. Entry into the pit goes for around $5 a kid (if I remember correctly). If you have kids and are looking for some different toys, this place should be at the top of your list of places to check out.
5	SO impressed with this place.  We received a gift certificate for my son's birthday and decided to check it out.  The sad thing is that had we not had the gift certificate, we probably would never have gone in.  I honestly assumed that as a toy shop in Anthem it would have ridiculously overpriced stuff..  I was WAY wrong.  This shop has great inventory and really great prices.  Totally reasonable and totally cute.  The treasure hunt through the recycled milk jugs (looks like snow) was really fun for our son.  We will absolutely go back and I'm telling everyone I know about this place!  We loved it =)
5	Ahh Shucks I Like Kettlemuck's!A real hidden gem in the heart of Anthem. Would have never known about this awesome toy shoppe had it not been for my lunch at Flame Kabob just around the corner. the store is tucked away out of sight a bit but hope that word of mouth begins to boost their exposure. Their toy store appeared to be well thought out and they carry not just your ordinary big box chain wares. They carry a wide array of unique, well made toys while keeping the prices reasonable. I could have spent well over an hour in this store if my lunch break would have permitted. I will be bringing my kids very soon to play in the recycled milk jug snow pit. For a nominal fee your child receives a small pouch and has the opportunity to find hidden treasures amongst the "snow" to take home with them (socks required, or available for purchase).Bring your inner or outer child and have fun exploring this nice Mom-N-Pop shop.
1	Meh. Lots of toys. My two year old only wanted a Nerf ball. Older mommy with her teen daughter with her was buying a gift for someone. She was in front of me getting her things wrapped. I'm standing there with my screaming two year old that only wanted his ball. So while gift mommy was buying more gift items to get wrapped we put our nerf ball back and left. Next time i will just get one from target. I would always choose to support a local business first. But if your business caters to kids then please pay attention to the tired mommy of the screaming toddler.You completely ignored my screaming son as he was trying to wait for his ball. Yes i could have just waited but it would have been easier to let me pay for his ball and then go back to wrapping the other customer's items. I will not bother going back. Just a hint people with 2 year olds buy LOTS and LOTS of toys.
4	Was here on Saturday to let my 3 year old do the treasure dig. This is a neat idea they have in the store. In the middle is a big pit filled with tiny beads from recycled milk cartons. Kids get a little satchel and are allowed to dig through the "sand" to find buried treasure. The treasure is really just junky little trinkets but my Son gets so excited finding the stuff. (a mini skateboard, plastic bugs, some rocks / jewels)Besides for this they have all sorts of boutique toys to buy. Some old school gems mixed in with some new stuff. Maybe this place isn't for you if you just want your everyday Nerf ball and can't teach your two year old to be patient and wait for customer in front of them. (yeah I'm looking at you Jessica and your 1 star review)But if you want a selection of quality one of a kind toys. Stop in and check this place out.
5	Long has this been on my bookmarks list to check out, and finally, I was able to see this.I like vintage-style toys.  I always have, and after reading reviews of this place, I knew that I would want to see a place like this.  But in building up hype, there is usually room for letdown.  It's going to be boring with not a lot of interesting items, and massively overpriced.Let's get one thing out of the way.  Drop all of those preconceptions.  They aren't going to happen here.This is the type of toy store that you would have killed to visit as a kid, or may have known at one point out of your childhood.  There was a time when toy stores were the norm in a shopping experience, which such places like KB Toys, Children's Palace, and Circus World....  Those stores are long gone, leaving only Toys R Us, and even most of those places are kind of "sterile".  Where's the magic and fun?Walk through this door and find out.It's a REAL, honest to goodness toy store, the kind of place that you might find in a storybook, filled with toys that look like they would have made up the background characters of a "Toy Story" movie (Don't worry, Woody and Buzz are represented here in their generous Lego section).  It's not full of video games and electronic items.  This store does not focus on the "hot and new" season's "must have" toy.  This focuses on the traditional and timeless, and the diversity of things offered, from playsets to Lego sets to games and books and stuffed animals, it's all set in here in just a way to let a kid's imagination run wild.Speaking of imagination, in the center of the store is a huge sand pit which allows for kids to explore for hidden treasures for a small fee.  The play area is sizable, and who even hears of a toy store that actually allows kids to play inside anymore?  Outside the pit is lined and filled with numerous stuffed animals, pirate ships, science experiments and everything else as a giant talking tree chats amiably to passers by.  Again, where else do you ever really hear of this happening?And then I waited for the catch.  The inevitable "you have to pay for all this fun and goodwill in the price tag".  And so I looked at a set of Star Wars Legos: Same price as any Target or Wal-Mart.  No ludicrous prices.  Well certainly, there MUST be something afoul here! And there was only one thing for me.  It is WAY on the other side of town, so that's just a "me" thing, but I found the trip worth that crazy long drive.This place is magical, and worth a look even if you don't have kids.  If you DO have kids, it's almost a mandatory gesture to take them at least once.  Think of it as a bucket list item for the wee folk.  And who knows?  You may even get swept up in the nostalgia this place presents as well.Well played, Kettlemuck's.  You've won me over.
3	I like to support local businesses and my kids love the sand pit that they have in the middle of their store.  It is a fun place to go and let your kids play in the sand searching for treasures (there is a fee for this).  We are not big toy purchasers but have a great time taking our kids there as a treat or reward and spending some money in a local, independently owned shop - the biggest downfall is the location, but right next door is the Seven Hills Car Wash and Run Plus Fun, so if you pair it with an activity, it makes it easier to squeeze into your day.
5	Amazing service and attention to the needs of parents and children. This is what is missing at Target and other stores with their always batteries required toys. I read Jessica's review where she blames the store on her inability to control her 2 year old (see her review of Best Buy).
5	AMAZING!! MY son LOVED going here and and doing the treasure dig... we are so thrilled to have such a fun, and adventurous toy shoppe in town! I bought a fire engine and used it as a prop in a photo... their toys are amazing....
5	This place is simply AWESOME!!!! The store is just packed with nostalgic toys that are not typically found at the big chain stores. I really like this place and love that it is a small family business. They have a really good selection of wooden toys that are hand painted, really fun and non-electronic that allow for kids to play for hours actually using their imagination. They offer toys of various price ranges and prices are not the lowest around BUT the additional couple of dollars difference is worth it to be able to see everything in person and for the overall great experience. We also like supporting the smaller businesses when possible.My husband frequents this place and has spoken to the owner a few times. VERY nice family who have their kids working along side them.We are really glad they are here and hope to see them around for a long time.
4	Awesome little toy store.  I always enjoy patronizing locally-owned businesses and this was a great stop for our pre-Christmas planning.  We were able to find all the toys we needed for our nieces and nephews in one stop, and without having to wander aimlessly through the aisles and aisles of the big-box stores.  They have some nice classic toys, too, and the owners will answer any questions you have about toys or games, and give recommendations based on personal experience.
5	We shop here all if the time. Great storefront toy shop. The owners are very nice and helpful with friendly advice. The selection of high quality toys is amazing!!  It reminds me of what toy stores were like when I was a kid. My kids also LOVE the treasure hunt:). I would recommend this store to anyone looking for unique, high quality toys.
5	Love this place!  Always something unique.  Owned by an awesome local family.  The prices are comparable to bigger stores.  Going there is such a fun experience.  My kids love the treasure hunt.
5	This little gem is the very best toy store in Las Vegas.With toys to occupy every little one on your list, mostly without batteries! Great place to bring children to allow them to play in the treasure pit while you browse. Wish there were more stores like this one closer to downtown Las Vegas,With much more interesting selctions than toys r us.And you are supporting a locally owned and operated shop! Now lets all go and play!
5	Love this little toy shop!!  I would much rather give my business to mom and pop stores such as this.  My kids love the treasure dig!  Employees are super friendly and my kids love the talking tree.  They have an excellent variety of toys in the store, and lately, prices have been on par with Amazon!  I would much rather come here than the big box toy store, two thumbs up!
5	What an awesome local toy shop! Toys and toys galore and they are all educational! most you wouldn't even be able to find at your big box store. Treasure dig was absolute fun for my four year and myself! Highly suggested place to visit. Get your kids off the tele and electronics and bring them here!
5	This place is so cool and great for the kids. Friendly family owned business. They also have a treasure dig in a fake sand pit.
5	If you bring your kids, expect to be asked to play in the "sand" pit where kids fill bags digging fot treasure.  And come home with pieces if sand on their person.
5	We checked this place out this morning and it was wonderful. Walking in was overwhelming. Their selection of toys is fantastic and we went around the store several times, every time finding something we missed the previous times. Our 7 yr. old enjoyed doing the treasure dig. He filled his bag partially full of loot and then wanted to look around some more. The woman working was very friendly and told us that once he was done looking around, he was welcome to get back in and dig some more, and to make sure he filled his bag. :)  So, that is what we did. Prices were comparable, if not better than other retailers--nothing was outrageously priced. We bought a few gifts. We'll definitely go back.
4	This shop is so cool. It's like a toy boutique. They have a big variety of toys! It's a cool place to take a child to pick a gift out for a special occasion. They have a lot if unique toys and play things you wouldn't find at wal mart or even toys r us.
2	This place is on the summer bucket list. My husband and I were excited to take our son. The owner would not let our son enter the treasure digging area. This is pretty much why we came to the store in the first place. Owner was not the friendliest person in the world. Off day maybe? The store was incredible and there was a huge selection of great toys.  We would have purchased a few items had she let us go into the digging area. We went to target instead :/
5	What an amazing toy store! Packed full of so many awesome toys it's impossible to see everything all in one visit. This was our first time because I had no idea this store was here and I was truly impressed! Our main reason for going here was the treasure dig. It was so much fun for my four year old daughter and myself. Even when she was done filling her bag....I wanted to keep playing! The store is very clean and very well kept and organized for the amount of toys in the store. I've never met such a friendly staff member either. The gentleman working the store was so nice......that he didn't even say anything when we were still in the store playing around thirty minutes after they were already closed. I felt so bad that I wasn't watching what time it was but he kept saying it was ok, don't worry about it. If were any place else....they would have been pushing us out the door by then. We will be going back to this store again!
5	Such an amazing toy store! Found a lot of toys from my childhood (see and say,  view finders,  jack in the box and soo much more! ) along with all kinds of great new ones. The store is wall to wall fun for all ages.  We had a great time digging for treasures in the "snow" as my 2 year old calls it. The best thing is keeping our local businesses thriving by keeping our $ out of corporate box stores!! Definitely a must do! We will be back!!!
