5	Wow! Atmosphere is awesome! Fancy atmosphere, but food is cheap!!  I like Hawaii bento and  Japanese ramen. Usually, I don't like Japanese ramen, but in this restaurant!!  OMG!!! I like it. Definitely I will go again!
4	Everything was alright, I would like to see when they open their dinner menu also.
5	Food was really good. since everything is in smaller portion, we ordered all different types of food. My favorite so far is the squid noodle! and tonkatsu!! their tonkatsu sauce is mmmhmm mmmhmmm good! my friends and i were saying they put drug in that sauce!! Dessert section pretty good I wanna go try fried oreo soon! atmosphere is good. good customer service. definately going back soon
4	I saw the road on the side of the street and had to try it. I lived in Korea for a few years and am always craving the flavors I had there. First thing I noticed was that they have squid dopbap! I ate that all the time when I was in Korea and their version of it was quite tasty. I also had the Spam Musubi (I know this isn't Korean, but it sounded good to me at the time). Honestly, it was probably the best I've had anywhere. The service was very friendly, and maybe it's because they had plenty of time to serve me since I was the only one in there. I really hope that more people find this place and enjoy it.The only drawback for me was that there was a strange smell coming from somewhere. It wasn't evidenced in the food, so I don't think it was the kitchen. Maybe it was from the build out of the restaurant since it's so new, but it was not a pleasant smell at all. Hopefully they get that taken care of. Regardless, it won't keep me from eating there again.
5	Hungry for brunch; stopped by to see what time they open and they let us in over an hour before the posted time! We were seated and given lunch menus to choose from. Keep in mind that this is a fusion restaurant so don't expect banchan; no little side dishes with your meal here. They were gracious enough to bring some sweet potato sticks, kimchee, and pickled red cabbage for us to try. The Hawaiian bento is both delicious and hearty. The service was excellent. The location is semi hidden on the other side of Baja Taco which is visible from the street. Looking forward to coming back again and again to try more delicious creations. I was allowed to peek at a sample of the dinner menu before they finalized it as they were only open for lunch during the first week of operation and it looks very dynamic. Plan to try more of the lunch menu and have dinner here as well. The atmosphere is perfect for a hip lunch crowd and decor suits a late night foodie club complete with k-pop videos playing on screens throughout the dining area. Attention to detail and eagerness to please earned K-bop all five stars on this foodieview!
5	I have had the pleasure of eating lunch at this place. The looks and feel for the restaurant is what I would expect for a Korean place. It is def an Asian Fusion place. Aspects of Korean, Japanese and Hawaiian. Myself and 3 other friends ate here for lunch one day. We ordered several appetizers, different lunch dishes and a few desserts.  All i have to say is WoW! The prices are very affordable for being in Sumerlin. I cant wait until they open for dinner, I will def be back... What makes things better, K-Bop is right down the street from my house... :-)
4	For the price (avg $4.95/per entree), the dishes are a great value.   While I know Korean food tends to be on the sweet side, I found it a bit too sweet for my taste, all dishes were solidly made and were nice portions.   I also wanted hot sauce on everything, and they happily offered Sriracha sauce.  Service was attentive.  The decor is really "clean" and tastefully done.
5	This is a great place.  We're not very familiar with Korean food and needed recommendations from our server.  We had the meatballs, chicken wings, and a pork dish.  They were all full of flavor and not overly spicy as we had requested We also had the tempura fried ice cream and again it was great. The servings are generous and perfect for sharing.  Highly recommend this restaurant .
5	Im extremely picky about Korean food since I have eaten it since birth and am particular about my Kimchi and traditional dishes. I came here at 11pm expecting to have late night staleness. Instead everything was fresh and delicious. Loved the ambiance and decor. It was very clean which is typical for Koreans . They played Korean music which was fun too. Service was GREAT! Food came quick and full portions. We stayed 2 hours since it was happy hour. Ill be back here ALOT!!!!!
4	Food was great! Also, portion sizes aren't really tapas portions, more like entree sizes. So although it may seem pricey at first glance, it's really not, considering the portion.We tried a bunch of stuff but my favorites were the japchae, kim chee pancake, bulgogi burrito and bulgogi dog. My only criticism is I wish the bulgogi dog was a bit leaner, but the flavor was good.They just opened, so there wasn't much of a wait. I liked the decor - nice, clean and modern. Service was also really good!We'll definitely be back!
5	Very clean place with good food, service. And great prices. The food was fresh and well proportioned. I'll definitely make this one of my regular places to eat.
5	I was at Caesar's Palace for a convention and we ordered over 40 boxes of Doshirak. I gotta say, I've never had Korean food outside of Cali until this weekend. It was the best I've had in a while. I tried everything from the bulgogi, dweji gogi, and the salmon plates. I love the portions they give you on everything. 5/5 for great taste, great service, and originality.
3	Let's make this quick.  The server was great and the restuarant looks good.Only ordered 3 items:hot bibimbopchicken gizzardpork neckbone soupNot a fan of the chicken gizzard.  bibimbop was standard and the soup was actually pretty good.  Nice place to have around the neighborhood.1 downfall for me:It wasn't busy (3 table including ours) and it seemed as though the owner knew the 2 tables that were eating and kept coming by to talk to them.  Would have been nice to maybe stop by and ask if we liked everything.  Being your new maybe you want to make a good impression to your customers.
4	I had bibimbap, dducboki, albap, and ojingabokum. Because they use same koean chilie sauce, the taste was same. But locationwise it is great to have korean tapa place west of town. I hope this restaurant goes well.
4	Great deal. Good food, excellent service, good prices. We had: salmon spring roll - surprisingly light and tasty,Tobiko omelet - bland and very cheesy,Fish cake soup - pretty good but could use some more spice,Stir fried udon - very tasty, perfect with a bit of sriracha. Great happy hour deal - half off all alcohol. Solid place. I'll come here again.
4	K-BOP is great place to unwind and have a nice chat with a group of friends.  The restaurant has easy parking, friendly service, and reasonably priced Korean food in generous portions.  It just doesn't seem like many people know about this place yet.  Every time my friends and I visit this place in the evening, it always seems like we're the only people there (besides the workers).  It's not awkward or anything though, because there is K-Pop music that continually plays throughout the course of your meal.  Anyway, K-BOP is a nice little restaurant for a stress-free get-together with your friends.
2	I think place is more like a korean bar. I always look forward to the ban-chan but they didn't serve any. The bul-gogi was super sweet--too sweet and salty too. I was not impressed. Sadly, another Korean miss. There aren't any great korean restaurants in Las Vegas. :(
5	had  lunch  here  today  with my family  and not only was  service  excellent  the food  and  prices  were  awesome!  we  will  defiantly  be  back  again.....  :)
5	This place is AWESOME! The restaurant has great decoration and great korean music!You can enjoy ur food while seeing the korean music video!food was awesome! i love the garlic squid, baked mussel, s&s pork! omg they are my favourite! oh the rice cake was great too!the garlic squid was not overcooked, has a strong flavor, n u can eat the whole garlic because the garlic was cooked perfectly.baked mussel was fresh!you can go here with ur friends and have some beer or soju, they have happy hours n its 30%off.Worth to try and I DEFINITELY BACK
3	There is big, untapped potential here.First, the good parts.- Service is excellent. Quick and very friendly!- The place itself is really nice and clean.- The menu is expansive and pretty cheap*.- I'm normally not a fan of spam musubi, but theirs is exceptional.Now the not so good - which is really one thing: While some things look good and are cheap, sometimes you see why they're cheap. *They use a lot of rice in something like their burrito. In the picture it looks like a normal burrito with lots of shredded veggies and meat. Instead, you get a little bit of meat and veggies, with 3lbs (exaggeration) of rice making it look massive.Something of a neutral point is just mentioning a disadvantage they have: location location location. They're very close to me, but honestly if I wasn't in the area I'd never know they were buried in a shopping center with a Home Depot. I just don't see it working out for them there but I sincerely hope it does and they have time to refine their menu, even if it's at the cost of raising prices.
5	Tonight I decided to stop by one of the local newer places that I have been to in the past. Today is was K-bop. I have eaten here several times in the past. I have had nothing but positive experiences. Tonight I had to fend for myself with dinner as the family had prior plans. Eating at a place that offers fresh/healthier choices is always top of my list. Tonight it was rather slow compared to the few other times. Which def ment that the service was rocken! My waitress was very attentive, she stopped by several times to check up on me, to make sure the water glass was filled and to see if I needed anything else. My food was very delish! I started off with an order of the korean wings. I was very impressed. The wings where hot and juicy. Very fresh! The seasoning/sauce was sweet with a spicy kick to it. I was shocked that the wings was tossed with almond slices, but they was very tasty!  My main dish was was the Yakisoba. But I had them add Bulgogi. Nothing is better than noodles with some bulgogi. Everything was fresh and tasted outstanding. Tonight was the best flavors I have had. I think I might have found my favorite combinations... With these two dishes, I AM STUFFED!!!!! I am very glad that I live a few streets away from K-bop... I just wish I ate here more often...
3	I really hate to give this place 3 stars because their staff was all amazingly accommodating and friendly. The three stars are for the fact that their staff tries so hard, and I can appreciate their patience in regards to a situation I witnessed that would easily drain anyone of patience with customers. However, the food was a huge let down. I only tried the pork Cutlet and spam musubi. The Cutlet was dry and over fried, while the katsu sauce was just... extremely off. It may be because I've been accustomed to how I believe it is supposed to taste due to past experiences. The spam musubi had too much sweet daikon in it, that it overpowered the musubi which is hard to do considering spam is so salty. It was also greasy and fell apart quite easily. I may give them another chance and try a simpler menu item. I'm open to changing my review to a better rating if they can step up the quality of their food.
5	Such great and personalized service that I had to give them 5 stars! The server (I forgot his name) gave me his honest recommendations and made sure to take care of me and my boyfriend the whole time. The food was great, too! Will definitely be back!
5	Reading the reviews, I have read about their service. And their service has proven to be true. Our server have us suggestions on the menu. I could see that he really wanted us to enjoy what we order, so he would tell us if something is better than other foods, so I really like that he cares. We ordered by the servers recommendations. We ordered the garlic squid and the bulgogi plate. All of the food had great quality to it. Meat was cooked thoroughly, and goes great with rice!We ordered flan and fried oreo for dessert. Everything was well presented and, of course, delicious! I'm definitely coming back here with more people!
5	Fabulous locally owned restaurant....service is 5 star and the food is great with generous portions and top notch quality....put this on your las vegas list!
5	Finally! Soon dubu that doesn't require me having to drive down to Chinatown!I have dined in and ordered take-out from K-bop and every time the food has been delicious and consistent. Our orders vary but generally soon dubu (spicy tofu soup) and bibimbop (rice bowl with vegetables and meat) are always staple items.Dining in, the service is very good and I love that they stay open late! It's a perfect on-the-way home stop for comfort Korean food.
5	What a find in suburbia. Excellent Korean tapas and lunch menu.  Ambiance rivals some of the best places on the strip. Excellent TV playing K Pop. This is not your typical Asian restaurant with poor attention to service. The owner and waitress are very attentive and friendly. The food here is 5 stars.  I came in for lunch special and had the beef bulgogi which was great and flavorful. Definitely coming back.
5	I dig it! Convenient, great atmosphere, CLEAN and best part, don't have to deal with Chinatown traffic and parking! I am all about Korean tapas and K-Bop doesn't disappoint! The service was solid (which I must admit is quite unusual for an Asian restaurant, haha!). We are huge fans of Korean BBQ, soon tofu, tapas and K-Bop is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Hopefully they will be in business for a long time to come!
5	Very good!  The Bulgogi beef was  very tender and super flavorful. Our lunch came with an appetizer sampler with tastes of different Kim chi items.  We also had a comp.  1/2 order of pot stickers from the Yelp check in and free cinnamon & sugar chips.  The lunch menu was a great way to check things out,  with several options under $8. We'll be back.
5	Awsome !!! That's what it is , the food , experience , ambience ... What not everything . This is by far the best Korean food I had in years , the restaurant was clean , good music , Asian inspired interior designing . Our waitress was so sweet to us and helped us out when we don't know what to order for dinner . We had the Yangnyeom Chicken , buttery squid and the kimchi fried rice , which comes with a fried egg on top . The chicken was delicious , so was squid and the sides of vegetables they give as complementary are nice .I tried using the chopsticks , but I couldn't . The waitress she came over and gave me trainer chopsticks and a fork . We had a really good time , I highly recommend this place !!
5	One word...LOVE! K Bop is AMAZING! I was in Vegas on a business trip and wanted to get away from the hotel and craziness of the strip. My party and I knew we wanted to eat tapas and couldn't decide where to go when we stumbled onto this hidden gem.  K bop was about 7 miles from our hotel but it was worth the drive.  We tried numerous plates and my fav, glass noodles, they were to die for.  The staff was very attentive and our orders were brought out in a timely manner.  All dishes were fresh and very tasty. The owner from K bop greeted us and asked about our dinning experience.  We raved about the fabulous dishes we tried and mentioned we were from L.A and she was very sweet and brought out some free dessert. I will definitely return on my next rip to Vegas!
5	Just noticed this place and decided to give it a try.  So glad we did!   We ordered bulgogi and japchae.  It was very very good!   My Korean husband said it was just like mama makes.
5	This place has a great ambience and very hospitable employees. Many types types of tapas dishes to choose from. Everything came out real great and no complaints on my side
5	Nice place that you can go to dresses up or causal. Our server was nice and attentive. The food was good. Try the garlic squid! We also ordered the Spoodfed Pizza. It was good but had a bit too much cheesy for me. Definitely coming back for sure. So much more I want to try.
5	My boyfriend and I have wanted to try this place for a while now after seeing the pictures and reading the reviews on Yelp. We finally made it in (3/22/14) and it was awesome! I feel so bad though because there were probably at least 5 times we had driven by on a Saturday night and decided not to go because it looked like nobody was in there! Do not let that fool you like it did us. We feel stupid for waiting so long to try this place. My boyfriend is Korean and the food was really delicious. I had the Stone Pot Bibimbap which was one of the best I've ever had- the rice was perfectly browned on the bottom and came out sizzling. I ate every last bite. My boyfriend ordered the Poor Man's Soup and devoured it- it was fantastic but of course the one his mom makes at home is the best. ;) I love how they present their banchans all together on a cute little plate too. One of the things that really surprised me the most was how nice it was decorated inside. Obviously the owners spared no expense and it reminded me of a place you would see inside of Mandalay Bay or something. I really loved the Korean wallpaper and the backlit walls. It was spacious and they were really smart about their partitions between tables as it gave a sense of privacy without taking away from the ambiance of the restaurant. The service was great too- while our server only had three other tables while we were there, she was very attentive and had a genuinely caring attitude and smile. I really hope this place does well and that more people discover how nice it is for themselves. I think the location (next to Home Depot) has a lot to do with it not being very busy when we had previously driven by. Nothing in that area is open very late except for K-bop and it's hard to see! But the food and ambiance are totally worth it and I bet if it was in the heart of Chinatown this place would be hoppin' all the time!
5	Bitter sweet to share such a great place that few know about yet. So, go and enjoy the best Korean tapas in Vegas!The short ribs are amazing and the yangnyeom chicken with garlic soy sauce aka Korean wings, the best I have ever had.The service is spot on and cool look too.
5	My wife and I eat here regularly as everything is prepared and presented so nicely. virtually all the sauces, kimchee and other components are homemade and of the best quality.The menu is fairly eclectic and we've tried most of the items on the menu. Our 'go to" dishes are the baked green lip mussels with cheese, risotto and the spicy sliced pork.Everything here is exceptional and fairly priced. You can't go wrong.
3	The reviews for this restaurant were overwhelmingly positive.  Service was great and we were served an accompaniment of vegetables with our dish.  We had the fried dumplings as an appetizer which were tasty but I wish there was more to the filling.  The same goes for the bibimbap.  It was served in a sizzling stone pot.  It had beef but honestly the pieces were minuscule and I was hard-pressed to find or taste it because the rice made up most of the dish.  I suggest they increase the amount and size of the beef and veges and reduce the amount of rice.
5	I really loved the presentation of every dish, everything came in a sizzling plate (even the dumplings).  I also liked how the banchan was served, all in a giant dish with several nooks (and free if you ask for more). This place was clean and though it was playing the traditional k-pop videos it still had a modern and classy ambiance that would make Westeners feel comfortable to dine in. The spicy pork and the bulgogi was awesome and the takoyaki was excellent, the octopus not rubbery like most places. Didn't have a chance to try the dumplings because the kids gobbled it all up which says something. Highly recommend for those who are unfamiliar with Korean food but would like to give a new cuisine a try.
5	Came here on a double date to share some tapas and love this place! Everything that came to our table had such unique flavors and textures. Your money goes a long way too! Dinner for four people was $60 and we were stuffed, plus brought home leftovers.. highly recommend trying this place out!
5	Great Korean food and good friendly service at reasonable prices.  Neighborhood restaurants as good as K bop are a joy to visit.   If you like Korean food , you won't be disappointed.
4	The ambience is super nice! Their garlic chicken wings is on point! The jap chae had a bit too much sauce in my opinion but overall the food was good. Tried the porks feet, which I never had before but it was really good!
4	This place is pretty homey....at least I think so. It's k-pop.  I like the music. :) it's tucked away behind fatburger and in the same building as biaggios.  So if you check in at least for us...we got 1/2 pot stickers.  It was nice and crispy.  I like them this way :). The sauce was rather spicy...like a dry spice. It was good when I only dipped a little in the sauce.We had the bulgogi...I didn't try it so I can't comment on it. But my bf ate it all.Also ordered was the Japanese ramen.  It was not a typical miso/shoyu ramen...I mean I didn't get a choice on it.  It was a lighter broth.  It was good. No chashu though :( the egg was just a regular hard boiled egg though...so that was a little disappointing..then again this is a korean place...so it's ok.Next spam musubi...yummy!!! They have egg in it and the rice has diced daikon? It's s yellow picked japanese dish...not sure if it's daikon or not.  Either way it have the spam musubi a nice crunch. It was good and refreshing.My bf ordered the burrito...it's made with veggies inside. He did not easy a lot of this. It's not the typical burrito.Then the mussels.  It was ok. The sauce was good and there was cheese on it? But I'm used to a more creamy sauce and flavor with the mussels. I wouldn't order this again. So in trying this place I really liked the spam musibi! And the atmosphere...other than that. Typical good. Wasn't bad.  Paid $50 including tip...was full...yeah decent place. Great service to btw. They asked if everything was ok...and the owner/manager did ask how was it when we were paying and asked if we wanted boxes....so did the server. But we didn't want any. It was nice of them to see and ask though.
2	Clean and friendly.  Nothing Tapas about this place, including the price of each dish.  Service is prompt and helpful.  BULGOGI DOG - cheesesteak sandwichGARLIC SQUID - good roasted garlic amongst spicy grilled squidHOT BIBIMBOP - hot forever in stone pot(which is a good thing)JAPANESE RAMEN - terrible let downPOTSTICKER - potstickerAmerican food disguised as a korean restaurant.  Monkey shall not return... voluntarily.  At least they've got Bibimbap.
4	My friend got a coupon in the mail for this new place so we decided to try it.  We had every intention of checking out some Korean tapas, but when we saw Bulgogi and Bibimbop on the menu, we changed our mind and went for a dinner sized meal instead.  She liked her tender grilled beef and the variety of banchan.  I enjoyed my hot stone pot filled with egg, thinly sliced beef, lots of colorful fresh veggies and crispy rice which I mixed all together with the spicy sauce.  Service was prompt and friendly and the restaurant is clean and nicely arranged.  Prices were reasonable. They also,have lunch specials. We'll come back again to try other dishes and the Soju cocktail happy hour which is daily 3-7, see pic.
4	I enjoy this place when I'm craving Korean type food in my neighborhood instead of driving to Chinatown area.  The menu has since changed since we've been there a few months back. We always enjoy the complimentary wonton cinnamon strips.  My children enjoyed the spam musubi. As I mentioned in my tip, spam musbi was tasty but they add daikon to it which my daughter picked out.  My younger daughter is allergic to soy.  The server was very accommodating to her allergies and separated her plate from the soy!  The bento box was a perfect serving and very tasty! The bulgogi sandwich was soggy after a while as the juices wet the bun too much.  They need to serve it on another type of bread. My husband has the garlic squid and steamed egg.  He enjoyed both although he was expecting to taste the garlic more in the squid dish.  I always enjoy the food here.  Whenever I go here its never that busy.  I hope it remains open for a long time!
4	When we first walked in, I noticed the friendly greetings & great ambience. We ordered the potstickers, grilled squid, baked mussels, steamed egg, hot bibimbap, bulgogi plate, soon tofu soup & honey brick toast. Potsticker: Crispy and really good with the soy chili sauce they gave us. Grilled squid: Garlicky & really flavorful but we had to eat it fast since it was served on a hot plate which could make squid taste rubbery if overcooked. Baked mussels: Was okay. Very cheesy and not a lot of flavor. Tobiko steamed egg: Light and fluffy. I like how they added the roe on top giving the egg the taste of the sea. Also try the eggs with their house chili sauce. Yummy :)Hot bibimbap: I liked the texture when the rice at the bottom cooked and became crunchy.Bulgogi plate: Tender and delicious. Soon tofu soup: pretty good but the pork was a little tough.Honey brick toast with ice cream: ordered this ahead of time since it is supposed to take  about 15 minutes to prepare. It was served while we were still eating our entree so some of the cream melted :(It was simple dessert but really good and satisfied my sweet tooth;  my kids ate it with much gusto.Overall, pretty good food, and the place is clean, with nice decor, awesome service. Good for a date or even with the family. Would definitely come back :)
5	Truly hidden, tucked away in the corner. But man, this place was great! Their lunch specials can't be beat. It took me a while to choose from the menu because all of it sounded so good! I decided to get the box because it has three different meats and rice. Their side dishes are served in a really cute way, and they really care about presentation. For an appetizer treat, they give you fried wonton strips that are sprinkled with sugar which are suuuper tasty. I even saved some for the end to dip in our vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce and that was such a treat! They place k-pop music videos and it's definitely a fun atmosphere. The inside decor is beautiful as well as the painting job on the way to the really clean bathrooms. That was a plus. My experience was here was very enjoyable. We came on a rainy day because I was getting my car done near by. And I'm glad we did! The lady was super nice and always helped with a smile. If you're ever in the area, you should try it!Check in and get a free half order of yummy pot stickers! Worth it!
4	Came in on a weekday evening. We were kinda of uneasy about eating here because there was no one in the restaurant but decided to give it a shot. It turned out to be a great choice. The food here is damn good. And the service was extremely damn good. I mean we were the only people yah, but you could tell she really was a good server. The pan chan comes out all together in a square dish and they were good. We ordered the Philly steak hot dog I think it was and it was bomb. No hot dog though, just bulgogi meat with onions and cheese. We also had the kim chee fried rice and it's one of the better ones I've had. It's definitely worth a try, or two or three.
2	The food wasn't very good. The Kalbi I ordered wasn't flavorful and it had tons of fat. The service was okay but the food was terrible to my standards. I tried the kimchi beef sandwich and it wasn't good at all.
4	I tried here with my mom and I thought it was fairly priced, the food was good, and the service was good. Maybe because there wasn't many people, but the server was very kind. The food was pretty good too. I told my boyfriend about it, and he agreed we should go there together. We both enjoyed the meal and the lady serving us was very attentive and took care of us making us feel welcomed. The interior is absolutely beautiful and they have Kpop music playing which is a plus to me.
5	The food is really good here. I'm korean so I need my fill. I ordered the bibim naengmyun which is a spicy cold noodle  dish ...my boyfriend was freaked out by the fact that it was cold but he actually liked it.My bf got the bulgogi sandwich and it was pretty delicious. Kinda sweet lots of cheese. If you're not familiar with Korean food/ too scared to try something new I would recommend this.We also got "school food" which is potstickers, rice cakes, and sausage. Also delicious. Would like to come back again and get the honey toast when I'm less full. The service was good and it's open pretty late. I feel like the location makes it hard to find? But if you're craving korean food, I recommend it.
5	Great restaurant.  The food was delicious.  The service was amazing.  I will definitely come here again.  You have to try the garlic calamari. Also, the chicken gizzards was very tasty.
3	Decent food. Good customer service.
5	This restaurant is one of my favorite hidden gems...First, the service is typically very attentive...I have filled nearly two of their "reward cards" and I can only recall one visit where the service was semi subpar! (That's nearly 20 visits) Second, the food is delicious! The Bo Ssam, bulgogi, bibimbop and LA Kalbi ribs are all PHENOMENAL!  Third, they have a free appetizer for check-ins on Yelp, they offer a frequent eaters punch card and they also have chips covered in cinnamon and sugar! So it's a great change of pace or substitute for very costly Korean BBQ! They play a mix of hip hop and K-pop on the TV's and have a very nice interior decor! I have nothing bad to say about this place...just a great dining experience!
3	I wanted to love this place because of the nice atmosphere and good customer service.  Unfortunately, there were a few hiccups on our orders and the food that arrived to our table.  We were one of the 3 four-tops in the restaurant for lunch.  We were seated immediately and provided time to order.  We ordered some chicken gizzards, pork and beef bulgogi, wings, and potstickers.  The potstickers were cold on the inside, which was unforunate, but the replacement order was the right temperature.  The bulgogi was decent.  The gizzards were very tough.  I'm surprised they didn't boil it to break it down then just stir fry it with the onions and cabbage.  It would've come out soft, but that's just me.The dessert of honey toast was yummy.  Overall, it was an okay experience.  I do want to go back just for dessert in the future.
5	We love this place. Great Korean without having to go clear to China town. It's never busy when we come here and the food is always on point. Service is great too
4	I wouldn't consider this place extraordinary, but the generous sized portions are indeed a reason that's worth a return trip. The flavors offered here are semi-mild and not exactly what I come to expect at a legit, authentic Korean "drinking" restaurant. It seems as if they dulled down the seasonings a tad, in order to make it acceptable to a wider range of palates.Don't forget to check-in to yelp and receive your free mini order of 3 gyoza (pot-stickers/ fried dumplings) they were actually crispy, juicy and not bad. They also bring out complimentary cinnamon sugar wonton chips that I could seriously get myself addicted to. Also, their banchan display was gorgeous, but the flavor of each was lackluster and too mild for my taste.Here's what we tried: Dubu Kimchi AKA Pork Kimchi with Tofu ($15.95) (my personal favorite Korean drinking food!) Stir-fried kimchi with spicy pork and served with silky raw tofu cubes. The portion size was impressive and more than enough to share with 3 adults. Flavor-wise: I've had spicier, more flavorful and better, - but it certainly satisfied the craving. Flavor rating: 4/5Bibim Guksu / Bibim Gook Soo ($8.95) Ice cold Korean spicy (not spicy) noodles. Mix it up and slurp it up! We found it interesting that there were actual ice cubes in the broth; I've never personally enjoyed the dish that way before, but it didn't bother me. We enjoyed the refreshing cold noodles with the tangy and vinegary broth; but it wasn't spicy in the slightest and more on the bland side, so we requested some more hot sauce and doused it with more of the seasoning vinegar that's on the table. Unfortunately, the hard-boiled egg and the tiny bit of meat in the dish was minimal; they were also tough and dry. Other than that, the noodles were beautiful and slurp-a-licious. Flavor rating: 4/5Although I complained a lot about the flavors being too mild, I have to clearly mention that the execution of each dish was done well, we haven't had a better version in Vegas yet and my boyfriend and I enjoyed our dining experience here.
1	Food wasn't good. I'm korean. And I know korean food. I saw all these good reviews... But i think food is pretty bad.. Hopefully they'll fix it..
5	Very delicious  Korean fusion food. I normally ordered lunch special $7.95 they will included a plate of small dishes. You can refill them too. Night time they provided beer also
4	We came here for dinner on a Wednesday night and unfortunately the place was super empty. It is sad to see this as this place has solid food! The service was ok, nothing special to it, it took a while to get our drinks refilled. I would recommend the corn cheese and bento box. The meet flavors were delicious! Apparently, they also have happy hour from 3-7 pm. All drinks are 30% off.The decor is nice and pleasant. They also have lunch special which is probably the best time to come and try some of their dishes!
1	Who closes for Halloween?! I used to love this place but the last time I ate there, the meat was disgusting. Now when I order and go to pick up, they're closed.. FOR HALLOWEEN. At 230 in the afternoon. They still charged me for food though! Fortunately the online ordering service is taking care of it, but come on. I don't know if I'll try again. I have a lot of fond memories but I can only deal with so many bad experiences in a row.
4	The atmosphere and setting was great. I love the way the restaurant was set up. However the location was not that great. I didn't even realize that it was there. We were literally the one people there for about two hours besides the workers. Besides that, the service was good. The waiter was so nice and he was pretty funny. My hot bibimbap was actually average. I've had better, but the honey toast. I've been looking for a a good honey toast and I've tried a lot. This place is pretty good. The presentation made it look so good and it was!
