5	Best garage in town.We've been bringing our family cars here for ten years and it's a refreshingly pleasant experience every time.I came with my brother today to drop off my sister's Volkswagen Bug.  Incidentally, on the way over the heat in my bro's truck died.  The guy at Long's, Rudy, told me that he couldn't do clutch work on the Volkswagen.  We thanked him and were about to leave when my brother piped up about how his heat had just died.  Mind you it was 3:45pm on a Friday.  Rudy said, "No problem, let me finish this up real quick and I'll come take a look."  One minute later he was outside laying on his back under the truck in 6 inches of snow.  I couldn't believe it.  He immediately diagnosed the problem and told us how we could save some cash by fixing it ourselves.Long's has never done more work on our cars than we've asked for and always charges a reasonable price.  The work is consistently high quality and the folks are always in a good mood.Five stars.
5	I've been going to Long's Garage for about 5 years now and have been very happy with their service.  They've always been honest with me.  The prices are comparable to other shops. The repairs are done quickly and professionally.  My truck is 16 years old, yet it drives like it's only a few years old thanks to Long's. The only criticism I would have would be if you need something done with a truck topper.  I didn't know what to do with the rubber seal that was falling off.  Their body work person offered to epoxy it, but that didn't stay on very long.  I didn't know at the time that I could get a new seal at Truck Trends in Champaign. Something that really impressed me though was how honest their detail person was about the state of the paint on my truck.  I wasn't sure how salvageable it was, and he was honest in telling me that my paint was too thin to try polish on (would rub the last of the paint off), but he did give me some recommendations on how to keep what paint I have left on the truck for years to come.  I followed the recommendations and get compliments on how good my truck looks all the time.  What impressed me was that the detail person didn't try to convince me of paying him for things that might not have helped or made my paint situation worse.
5	Easily the best garage in Chambana. I went to Midas in Champaign and was told my car was in serious danger because the brakes we are less than 10% pads. I was also told my left front strut was blown (this was true). The quote was 850 for the brakes and caliper service and 1050 for the struts as they have to replace both (also true). I told them I simply couldn't afford it and instantly the offer for their overpriced credit was made.I left and decided to try my hand at a local garage. Long's did not disappoint. I was seen immediately and given a cost of almost half what Midas quoted for the strut and then told that my pads had 50% left and calipers were fine and could easily and safely drive for quite some time on them. They offered me rides to and from my home and found ways to discount and save parts like the strut strike plate and charge less for labor. Rudy, who I did my service with, was given a handshake and the promise that I now have my permanent mechanic: Long's GaragePLEASE bring your car in to Long's!
5	I called for an estimate for the passenger side mirror for my truck, spoke to Rudy. He was very friendly and asked to call me back. He called me back within a few minutes with an estimate for the mirror and installation. I came back a few days later to install the mirror and he charged me less than estimated. He said it was easier to install than he thought. Very honest shop.
