5	glorious!I came here for dinner before the night out.  the cuisine is northern italian and the decor is very clean and simple.  I ordered a salmon with a pesto and caper sauce on a bed of steamed veggies.  it was VERY good.  One friend ordered the braised lamb and it was amazing!  The wait staff is excellent and very knowledgeable and their wine staff was equally as competent.  There is a neat little bar right outside of the restaurant's so you can grab a drink while you wait for seats.  Of course, it is a bit pricey but i have paid more at places for less than average food.  nom nom nom,James
4	I went here twice, first time being the soft opening and second after a couple of months of it being open.  My boyfriend Mervin works at Pink Taco and the management team was able to go and try out the food.  I got the Lobster Spaghetti Special and it was delicious after I got it re fired.  I took it back because of the spaghetti noodles were too "AL dente" for my taste.  Mervin got the Free Range Organic Chicken, and it was really good.  Their seafood soup is fabulous, as well as their strawberries almonds pastry and cappuccino.   The second time we went with our friends and we all ordered different dishes,  We got the rack of lamb with radicchio, beef medallions with mashed potato, a seafood pasta, and a porterhouse.  Everything was cooked to perfection with a great server that had a great sense of humor.    It is average price for such an upscale restaurant it has nice decor and ambiance.  I highly recommend it for anyone who loves good Italian food.
3	First of all- I'd like to inform everyone: its NOT Ago's, its AGO.  No apostrophe S.  It a pet peeve of mine when people do that.  Yelp, please fix that!So, I had pretty high expectations for Ago for a couple of reasons.  One, I frequent the Hard Rock pretty often, so I find myself eating at their establishments pretty often as well...so I really wanted the new addition to be amazing since I'll have plenty of opportunities to eat there.  Secondly, since Simon was so good, I felt like the replacement needed to be up to par as well.I'm going to give Ago a 3.5.  It wasn't great...but a little better than OK.  The wait staff is all old men...which is a surprising feature since the Hard Rock's crowd is young, rowdy people.  That didn't bother me though, because as long as the service is good I'm satisfied.  When I told our waiter that the champagne he brought me was slightly warm, he gladly brought over another mini bottle and provided an ice bucket to chill the bottle to my liking.  And, he let us keep the first warm glass. The decor of the restaurant is very un-Hard Rock as well.  Pretty upscale and foo foo...not rockish in the least bit.  But that didn't bother me either.What DID bother me was the ho-hum food.  We ordered: the carpaccio special, the burrata cheese appetizer with green beans and olive oil, the lamb chop and the seafood risotto.  Out of all those dishes I'd have to say that the only one I really liked was the seafood risotto that my boyfriend ordered.  Everything else was pretty forgettable.  The burrata cheese was disappointing, but thats only because Farina's burrata appetizer has spoiled the shit out of me.  It wasn't as creamy as I was hoping...kind of stringy, actually.  And, pretty tasteless- not rich at all.  And the green beans that accompanied were steamed- with no seasoning.  The lamb chop was OK- slightly overcooked and served with braised radiccio, which I found to be bitter.  The carpaccio was good.  As good as I expected out of raw meat with capers and salad.  But, the seafood risotto was fab!  So creamy and flavorful.Maybe they'll improve with time- they are still in their infancy, after all.  I'll def be back to try it again...but if I'm met with another mediocre experience...that'll be the last visit.
3	dined here on a sunday around 5pm. the food was okay, but not memorable, and the service was alright as well.we started off with some margherita pizza as an appetizer, which was way too much for just two of us! the pizza was really good, and sadly probably the best thing i ate there. i got the risotto special (risotto with filet and roasted onions) and the bf got some egg noodles with hand cut meat ( we never found out what kind of meat it was. it didn't say on the menu!). he said he though it kind of reminded him of beef stroganoff (which i'd have to agree) and mine was just alright. the risotto was nice a creamy, but when the waiter asked if we wanted any parmesan on it, he literally covered my dish with parmesan. i wish they would just leave a little dish on the table for you to do it yourself, but i guess that's part of the whole 'service' aspect of dinner.out waiter was nice, if not a little cold. sometimes his english was a bit hard to understand, but that doesn't bother me. didn't stay for dessert, but overall i felt like it was an alright meal. but unfortunately, probably not enough for me to ever make the trip over to eat there again.
3	I have to agree with the others.. food is good here, but not memorable. I had a lobster stuffed ravioli special and the bf had a lamb special with 3 mini lamb cuts. They were both good, but not OMG I must eat this everyday good. If the food was a good value, this place would get 4 stars.. but it's not. We had a $50 off coupon they give to new rockstar club members (this promo is still available), but even with this.. 2 entrees (No app, no dessert) and 2 drinks each came to $100 after coupon. Drinks were yummy so didn't mind paying the $13 pricetag on those. Food is good, but not sure if it justifies it's high pricetag.
4	My friends knew a promoter, so my girlfriends and I got to dine here for free at the lounge area. We ordered a bunch of appetizers (caprese, calamari) and then got two pizzas. I don't remember what they were anymore, but it was freaking good. The crust was perfectly thin and crisp and took like 10 minutes to come out. Our server was great but didn't tell us that the bottle of white wine my drunk friend ordered was $140. Oh well, at least the food was free and yummy. My other drunk friend left her phone here and didn't' have it when we came the next day to find it. Two days later, when we were on the road back to Los Angeles, we received a call from them saying they found the phone and were willing to ship it to my friend in LA, which was very nice of them.
2	Another Vegas place I need to knock stars off for.. sad. We had another one of those $50 giftcards to burn, so decided to give them another shot. Fiance ordered wild board stew pasta.. it was just OK.. pasta was too al dente and didn't have a very good flavor to it.. sauce was just alright. I ordered the Gnocchi.. gross! I adore gnocchi and order it frequently, but this was the worst gnocchi I've ever had. I kid you not, chef boyardee crap tasted better than this gnocchi did. Seriously disappointed! Drinks are still pretty good and no complaints on service... I'll stick to drinks in the bar next time and mb try the pizza.
4	My friend and I figured it would be convenient to eat somewhere within the Hard Rock before a Friday night show at the Joint. She had actually been paid to eat here before when it first opened (she's a model and this is Vegas so it makes sense) and had enjoyed the food. I made reservations and then separately received an email from the Joint informing me that we could receive a free bottle of wine with the purchase of 2 entrees and front of line passes so that seemed even better! Thanks to some ridiculous Friday traffic from my hotel to the Hard Rock, we arrived about 12 minutes late for our reservation but we took a seat in the lobby and ordered a couple of cocktails anyway. My french martini was delicious and her Blue Hawaiian was just the way she likes them. Despite the presence of the entire Foo Fighters entourage (a party of about 25) being there at the exact same time, the service was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Our comped bottle of a Spanish red blend was better than I had expected and the second bottle - a La Crema chardonnay we ordered was good for my more white-drinking friend. The calamari was good but disappointing considering I had heard about how it used to be prepared - with artichoke scattered throughout as well. It was good though, just nothing special. My seafood risotto was delicious and my friend's penne a la vodka caused her to practically lick her plate clean. It was pretty early when we were there (pre-show so 6pm-8pm) but it was still even more empty than I had expected. The food was good though and, although I would not go out of my way to do so, I would definitely eat at Ago again.
4	A decent dining experience at this Hard Rock-based restaurant I did have.  There weren't many eating so seating without a reservation was fine for my party.  We ordered several appetizers which were average or above average, including an antipasti 'cutting board' that had some really fresh parmigiana and assorted meats.  The eggplant dish is quite good as well, tender and tasty but not mushy.I ordered the Risotto con Funghi entree which was served al dente, which I dig.  The balance of ingredients was great, and the dish size was decent.  My companions had similar experiences with their dishes as well ( spinach ravioli, fettuccini, penne ala vodka, etc).  The wine list is good too, with some definite choice reds.  If you are in the area and hungry, give it a shot.
2	So.....my friend and I got offered a comped meal here by a promoter.  Of course we jumped on it! They offered us a limited menu, but the choices we had were offered on the regular menu.  My friend and I chose different items and both were just sub-par.  The loungey atmosphere was cool and it was nice that it was free, but for those prices I would go somewhere else.  There are so many dining options in LV- why waste your time on somewhere that isn't great?
4	I too, like a fellow yelper I just read about, was offered comped dinner here. Nestled at the Hardrock Hotel, I definitely heart AGO. It seems like they do the same promotion often, and I cannot figure out why, the place has really good Italian cuisine.Story: Just last week me and my girls were in LV, and a promoter who was getting us a table and such at Wasted Space, in the Hardrock Hotel, had us eat at AGO for his special promotion. We had a 5 course meal for FREE, as long as we paid for our drinks. They actually only charged us for one round, $36.00 dollars later we tossed trey 20's on the tab and moved on to the club. So the meal and a couple rounds of drinks turned out to be very inexpensive!The courses: They brought us bruschetta, which was great. It was spicy, just the little kick this app should have, and the tomoatoes were fresh and tossed in a tastey vinegarette that was also used on the mixed green salad it was pared with. Next 2 bowls of pene pasta were brought out. One with a light marianara and one with a creamy alfredo. The pasta was cooked perfectly, but sauces were better when mixed together.Lastly 2 thin crust pizza's were brought out. One was a plain cheese, and one an artichoke, feta and proscuitto. That was the bliss. We didn't need the desert after all that food, but I'm sure it was good as well.What a great night, definitely one to remember! So if ever in Vegas ladies, cruise around the Hard Rock Hotel and get yourself some free grub at AGO.
3	I too, just as well as like every other girl on ths payge was invited for a free dinner here with 10 other friends of mine while on vacation, so i fugred what the hell? The menu we were offfered were preset so i didnt get to try the things i wanted. It started out with 2 plates of bruschetta, 2 salads tossed in a balsamic vinagerette, 2 plain cheese pizzas, and 1 plate of penne tossed in an alfredo sauce. The meal was ok, but pretty plain. I want some meat! lol But for free, cant really complain! lol
4	Every time I go to write this review my mouth starts to water. Not just water, salivate. So much that I have to walk away from the computer... maybe take two steps, clutch my hand to my chest, and the shake a fist at the sky - Rib-eye at an Italian place - why did I not know I could fall in love with such a big hunk of meat. You have ruined me for all others. There's no other way to call the food experience here. I have never been offered, let alone heard of having Rib-eye broiled in a Wood Oven, seasoned not with butter, but Olive Oil, Rosemary, fresh cracked pepper and salt. It was all I could do to not pick up the dang thing by the bone and start gnawing ravenously at the thing. No I am not drunk yelping, and no I did not have that much to drink yet. By then we'd only had a glass of Red!I can't report much on the veggies it is served atop though. Unfortunately, by the time I remembered they were there aside from the Asparagus, the potatoes, etc. were starting to get cold :(Hence the .5 deduction for hiding the veggies under my medium rare mess!I should really start of by saying the artisan bread they offer is so soft and delicious. SO are the bruschetta and olive tapenade. YUMWe started off with the Calamari Pomodoro and were in squid heaven. Boy do I love me some perfectly cooked tentacles and tube steak. Yup, that's what I said. I hate when chefs over fry a batch of calamari to the point of chewing rubber band like rings. (don't ask how I know). We also shared a bowl of the Rustic Tomato soup. DELICIOUS - Like they have a plant in the back that they gather all of the fresh tomatoes from for the base. Our server was very nice, informative, educative with only a hint of condescension when I guessed that the dessert he brought was Black Fig Gelato. Yes, I know, it's Gelato not ice cream. (minus the other .5 for that, plus hearing how everyone here got free meals damnit!). I did enjoy the cappucino too. Very tasty and strong!Will definitely plan to come back here our next trip - especially if we dont eat dinner til 10, since Nobu clossed at 11. This place was really nice about taking us in for a late night birthday dinner.
4	Awesome food, excellent service, elegant yet laid back atmosphere. My favorites were the calamari, margherita pizza, and desserts.
4	Dined here on a nice, quiet Monday evening.  Plus, we had $100 in dining credit.The breadsticks that came before the meal were really good.  And, so were the tapenades that accompanied (one black olive & one tomato based).Started off with cantaloupe & prosciutto.  The prosciutto was good, but the cantaloupe was not as sweet as I was hoping.For our main courses, we had the filet mignon & lasagna.  The filet mignon was like butter, and very rich.  The lasagna was great.  It wasn't heavy like lasagna normally is.For dessert we decided to have the tiramisu.  It was very good.Instead of wine I decided to try one of their cocktails.  The Ago Cosmo was so delicious & unique, even though it was $13.  But hey, I was in Vegas!
4	Ago offers a fairly good dining experience. It is located in the Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas. The restaurant is quiet, with a nice decor, in contrast with the insane pool party that goes on just outside of it (although over by the time the restaurant gets busy). We started off with several appetizers, the most notable of which was figs filled with goat cheese and wrapped in prosciutto - a fantastic blend of flavors. Our waiter, whose name unfortunately escapes me, was very helpful and provided good service. The restaurant manager was also very helpful, checking on us to make sure everything was ok. We had small portions of pasta as well, including a rigatoni with ragu (I forget the meat, I believe buffalo), which was well flavored, and a gnocchi with truffle mushrooms and a little bit of duck. The latter dish may be popular with many people, but I found it to be a bit rich, and I'm not fond of eating duck, other than in Asian restaurants. We ended our meal with lamb chops, which were good but not great, and a grilled ribeye, covered with Italian herbs and drizzled with olive oil. The steak was very good. Overall a solid, flavorful meal in a nice atmosphere.
4	We also took advantage of Hard Rock's players club promotion. Despite having been to Hard Rock many times before, I had never heard of Ago. The restaurant is nice and bright; perhaps a little plain by Las Vegas standards. The hostess was really nice and sat us promptly. We had reservations, but even though it was 6PM we would not have needed them. There were only two other groups and only three more would come in before we left. In comparison, Nobu was next door and looked busy while Pink Taco had a line out the door.We ordered a lot since there were 3 of us and we had $100 in comps. We started with beef carpaccio, tuna tartare, and a flat bread. The carpaccio was delicious. One of my friends is very apprehensive about raw meats, but we ended up letting him finish up the carpaccio because he like it so much. Their carpaccio had a lighter taste and is good for those who might not be used to raw meats. Speaking of raw, their tartare is made with larger chunks of tuna than usually used in tartare. It was served with avocado and grapefruit slices. It was pretty good, although a simpler, cleaner preparation than some might be used to. The flat bread was also good, although it was overshadowed for us by the other two appetizers. Between the 3 of us, my friend (the one that freaks about about raw food) and I preferred the carpaccio and my other friend liked the tartare the best. We were also given a selection of bread and tapenades, although I barely ate any since we had so many appetizers.For our entrees, we went with flat noodles with wild boar stew, a seafood paella, and spaghetti and meatballs. The wild boar was delicious. My friend let me taste some and I wish I had ordered it. He was the only one of us that finished his meal. This was not because it was a bad meal, but because he liked the boar so much he forced himself to finish. I would go back even without a comp to try out that dish. My friend's paella was also good. It came in a very generous portion with lots of different kinds of seafood. The sauce was very creamy. I got good old spaghetti and meatball. In hindsight I wish I had ordered something more unique, but I was really craving spaghetti thanks to all the spaghetti specials that you encounter in Las Vegas (although all those specials are for $5 spaghetti at coffee shops, not $20 spaghetti in a nice Italian restaurant). It was very good. I never really thought spaghetti with spinach in it would be good, but it went well with the sauce used. In fact, my favorite part of the dish was probably the spinach. It was a huge serving and I probably only ate half of it. I'm a hearty eater too. I tried to eat just the meat balls, but left two unfinished on the plate. Pasta dishes are cooked al dente, so those who prefer a less firm noodle might want to specify as they order. Not surprisingly, we had no room for dessert. Service was amazing during the whole meal. We never had to ask for anything.When I was writing up this review, I went to their website and tried to get the proper names for each dish from their menu. The menu posted on their website is different from their current menu. I also learned that Robert De Niro is a co-owner. The changing menus, generous promotions, and the lack of customers are usually bad signs in restaurants. This is a shame since this is a decent place that really deserves more business. I think the problem is that they are slightly overpriced. Not to the point of insanity, but if they dropped their prices about 10%-20% I think they'd do very well. Their lounge, which I think has a lower priced appetizer only menu, looked somewhat busy. The Hard Rock lacks options between casual and fine dining. Outside of Pink Taco, everything else is either very high end (Rare 120, Nobu) or casual (Mr Lucky's). I guess there might be some issue with the owners wanting to own a "nice" Italian place, but I'm sure they'd be better off getting some business than having their restaurant 3/4 empty during dinner time while they're giving out $50 comps. By the way, if you valet park, your parking receipt has a $10 off coupon on it.
5	Laid back, casual restaurant right next to Nobu.  No wonder it often gets overlooked.I was in the mood to carb up before going clubbing.  The five of us ordered five dishes and shared.Prociutto pizza (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=m0z1XHNOVxwErhHJpsz2vQ).  Good texture.  I love thin crust pizzas.Tuna tartare (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=GC8C8Y6zE70LO21j5B_wMw).  Super fresh and refreshing.  The mandarin orange slices were a great touch to the plate.Seafood risotto (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=8RHfAM2XYp_iR4_euEuGEQ).  Amazing.  Flavorful.  Filling.Pork chop (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=Pg9WWtg9xbIjFLp0bLzghg).  I loved it.  And I'm not even a pork chops girl.  But this is really, really good.Halibut (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=IZ08NiyIBv2bwF1BF4oDkQ).  Cooked perfectly.  Loved every bite.Doesn't hurt to have a restaurant.com coupon ;)
3	Derrick was our server .    Wr came in at 1045 they close at 1130.   Great bread and the best calamari I've ever had.    The server was on top of the drink refils.  I had the pene vodka pasta which was just ok.   The food took a long time to get.    Great atmosphere .  Make sure you get the $10 off coupon from the Valet.
2	Eh.We had a gift certificate to this place off of our player's cards.It was good, but drastically overpriced.  I would have been just as happy going to Maggianos or something like that.I had the penne with vodka sauce, and it was not memorable.  It was good, don't get me wrong.  Just not $20something dollars good!!!!!Meh, I wouldn't return when there are so many other great places to eat at in Vegas.
5	Really great! Pizza was delicious with thin crispy crust. The service was fantastic. Our server suggested really great items on the menu. Had a pork roast with wide noodles that was so good. Server said if I didn't like it, he'd eat it and get me something new. I loved this restaurant!
4	I really enjoy Ago. We've been there two times so far. I always get the Costola di Maiale ai Ferri con Salsetta All'Aglio which is a pork chop cooked to perfection, potato napoleon (THIS IS TO DIE FOR) and spinach. My husband had the rosemary rib-eye the first time we went which he thoroughly enjoyed. The second time we went, he ordered the Pappardelle allo Stracotto di Cinghiale which is pappardelle pasta with wild boar stew which was unbelievably tender and tasty.We had the same server both times (I believe his name is Vitor). The first time we went we ordered the Antipasto All'italiana which was a platter of cured meats and cheeses as an appetizer. Vitor took the time to explain what every single meat and cheese was. He also went as far as getting us a few glasses of wine that were not on the menu since he knew how much we enjoyed wine. The second time we went we ordered the Prosciutto e Melone which is a platter of prosciutto, melon and ricotta. It was simple yet fabulous.Great service. Great people. Fabulous wine and the prices are worth the food. It's nicely decorated yet casual. Last I checked, restaurant.com had a coupon for Ago. Check it out! You will not be disappointed.
2	We went to Ago for a quick bite before going out.  I have to say, I was not that impressed.We had pasta and pizza...the pasta was dry and tasteless.  Pizza was pretty good but not for a restaurant like this.
1	If this is ITALIAN, the Olive Garden needs to cater my wedding...BadaBing! Food is supposed to be an art...not a tourist trap.I have many horror stories to share while dining in Las Vegas primarily because the idea of Vegas being a place to get a great meal for a reasonable price kind of died when the Mafia left and the Donald Trump took over. Ask yourself why these casinos keep losing money. If you ever want to know Old Las Vegas - read Fools Die by Mario Puzo (Godfather author). Or watch Crime Story with Dennis Farina. Wow. To imagine that men used to wear suits and not mesh t-shirts to gamble in. So my friends decided to eat here and I was so happy from the 3 martinis that I just downed that I failed to notice...I was about to eat in a restaurant that claimed to be Italian in the middle of Las Vegas. Both Italian and Japanese foods are the kinds of thing that you can make "look good" but the taste is another story.Anyway, we were greeted by the most interesting waiter I have ever had. He was clearly not Italian and yet felt the need to continue to imitate an Italian accent and butcher Italian words. It was like watching the Sopranos with these moron actors who behave like a stereotype of a stereotype of Frankie Five Angels. BadaBing. Eh, woulda you lika some parmigano? (he asks) Woulda you lika to knowa the specials? Woulda you lika to meeta me later for a nighta cap? More pepe, say when...Really. Do tell.So Momo boy tries to convince us all to order some beef dish that is supposed to be like osso buco. If that's the selling feature, you might just want to cut to the chase and give us Osso Buco instead. Ok. He goes on and on and on about how f-ing mama mia bellisima straciatella columbia vafancullo this bloody dish is. So as I am kind of drunk and my friend is too nice to say no, we order it... on the condition that if we don't like it - BadaBing - Donatello will get us another plate of anything we want and EAT the Bella Bella dish ...HIMSELF!!! This was the offer that we could not refuse...Anyway, it arrives and sucks a big ball of boconcini. My buddy doesn't like it one bit but he comes from the "shut the f-up and be polite" school. I don't. Or as our waiter would say..."I dosn't".I tell Senor Linguini that I don't like it and I want the Filet Mignon instead. Well, let me tell you, he was not a happy fake-Italian Mama-Mia camper after this.About 45-50 minutes later, once everyone was done and ready to leave - my steak arrives. Hmmmmmm. Was it good? Um. Ok. But all the food here that the 4 of us ate was generally craptastic. But the big issue was our waiter - Frederico Flintstoni - who seemed to think that he was amusing throwing out this condescending attitude and looking at us like we knew nothing of Italy. Shockingly, I happen to know that Michelangelo was not a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle contrary to popular belief because I Iived in this country he slandered with his ridiculous personality.Next time, he should just get a monkey and a music box and be done with it. Oh yah, and expensive as a golden cannoli! Stay the bada bing away or you will want to sleep with the fishes, I guaranteez it...I feel like I should end with a Godather quote..."I know that it was you Fake Italian Waiter...You broke my heart...you broke my heart..."
5	Where do I begin. My boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas for a nice little getaway, one of the only things i was determined to do was eat at a famous LV buffet. The night of our buffet dinner we decided to play a little roulette to work up a hunger. 3 hours later and 200 dollars broker our buffet money was gone. Thank goodness we signed up for the players club at the hard rock because after playing for so long and losing all our money we accumulated enough points for a 50 dollar food comp at AGO? +1 STAR: We were definitely under dressed, everyone was beautiful and we looked like bums. The super cute hostess girl was very sweet though and told us not to worry, we looked great!+1 STAR: Our server was very very friendly, he checked on us often, but wasn't annoying +1 STAR the bread basket and dipping sauces were not only beautiful but sooooo tasty. +1 STAR dinner was delish! we had a pasta and a chicken dish, and there wasn't a single thing we would have changed. +1 STAR it was FREEE.. props to the Hard Rock for giving out comps for this place We will be paying customers next time we're in Vegas
4	A good selection of food.Had the:Prosciutto PizzaTuna TartareSeafood RisottoPork ChopHalibutQuick service. Good food.Good times.
4	3.75 starsOn a Friday night was place lets their staff go home early especially when the hotel has a concert b/c the place wasn't that busy earlier in the night!? So there was 1 server for this place which was half full...most people left because of the wait. But the food was pretty good. Of course I judge a place by its meatball and the meatball was good not the best but good. If I stayed at HR I would eat here again.
2	I came here as part of a bachelorette VIP party deal. I didn't set up the deal, but as a part of the package, we got a chef selection meal in the lounge/bar area of Ago. In comparison to the decor of the rest of the Hard Rock Hotel - this place was really nice. Very modern and elegant. I really liked the look and feel of the restaurant. Our group of nine sat in the lounge area, which was cozy. No complaints about the decor. On to the food. We were served three courses - salad, pasta and pizza. And there was nothing really memorable about each meal. The salad was just your run of the meal salad with Italian dressing. The pasta was bow-tie pasta with a pink sauce. And again, it was just OK. Nothing special. I probably should have asked for some Parmesan cheese to go with it. But therein lies another problem.....why did no one ask me if I wanted some Parmesan cheese?!?! The place was not busy on Friday night. And we got there at, what 8pm. There was hardly anyone in the dining room. Maybe everyone else in Vegas eats really late. Whatever. On to the pizza - just a very generic run of the mill cheese pizza. Now reader - I know what you are thinking....had a sat down and had a regular meal, I probably would have been happy with it. Judging by the Yelp reviews, the place serves some mighty tasty sounding Italian food. But, I have to be impartial and judge on my experience and that I have experienced way better lounge/bar food. Now, the $64 dollar question - whether I would go back. Probably not - if I was in Vegas again, I don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.
2	In a city with so many thousands of options within 12 blocks, it just amazes me how a restaurant can get it sooooo..... wrong.  How can you be so pretentious being tucked in the back of the Hard Rock Hotel, serving less than adequate fare at highly inflated prices?  Our experience was that the food was just average, but the price/value ratio was waaaaaayyy disproportionate.  It just wasn't that good.  For the most part, our party stopped eating after the appetizers came round.  If they can't do a simple pizza or Caesar salad right, what would make us think that the main course would be better?Oh - and the attitude.  Wow.  Simple questions were met with snobby responses.  Fine you don't serve ranch dressing in your fine establishment.  Don't be a dick about it.  Oh, and if they want the meat sauce (which they had) on the spaghetti (which didn't come with it), then give them the ef'ing sauce and spare the table the attitude.Probably should give one star, but they did move us from that horrible table in the middle of the restaurant where the table legs get intimate with your private bits........
5	My husband and I got $100 comp'd through Hard Rock, but we would have paid at least this for the EXCELLENT food and service.We started with calamari and a caprese salad. I normally don't like calamari because it's so rubbery, but this calamari was outstanding! My salad was small, and had peppers on it, but over all it was good.Our main courses were a half chicken and a rib-eye steak. The chicken was so tender that it fell apart in your mouth; and the huge steak was grilled medium-rare (just as I'd asked) and was perfectly seasoned.For dessert we had a french horn pastry with fresh berries (yum yum) and tiramisu.Matthew was our waiter, and quite possibly the best waiter I've ever had. He kept my ginger-ale full (kept showing up with a fresh glass whenever he noticed I was low/out) and my husband's water glass was never empty. The restaurant was quiet with some soft music playing in the background...And the seats were even comfortable!Next time I'm in Vegas we're definitely going to hit this restaurant up!
5	Here you go :)I loved this place because it is fancy, yet casual. The waiters, hostess, and managers are ALL wonderful. The atmosphere is romantic.I also liked this place because you can get a $42 Filet Mignon (which is amazing) or an $11 pizza. Good portion sizes, too.In response to a review 2 below mine, my table ordered the Seafood Risotto and I was excited to taste it and all three of us thought it was amazing.If you are staying at the Hard Rock and earn 100 player points, they give you a $50 food voucher to this place.
5	Ago is a great place for amazing food and classy atmosphere!  Went with a party of 6 and had $200 in coupons. Waited a while for dinner but was given free shots because of the wait. Overall great food and service.... Not cheap have coupons!
4	The three bottles of pink champs that came before this meal is why I keep meeting my girls here year after year.We were dressed and ready for Vanity the new dance spot in the Hard Rock and we remembered, oh yeah we didn't eat yet.  But no to PInk Taco, no way.  So we wandered over to Ago to give it a go. *emPHAsis on the Ahhhgo*The wine list kicked off the good experience here when we started with a $48 bottle of cantina zaccagnini (sangiovese varietal) 2007. Best decision our lil wine knowledge has brought us so far.grub:ravioli margherita; this dish had the best red sauce evercarpaccio di manzo con funghetti: one of the largest most tender beef carpaccio dishes we have ever tasted.  it was actually filling.  the mushrooms were a nice touch but we woulnt have missed them, the beef stood on its ownLinguini nere alle vongola:  my friend ordered this and halfway through the meal she just gave it up.  she passed the plate over to me and said go for it.  it was the best pasta i have ever tried.  so spicy, hints of clam, white wine and garlic were perfect together.Penne con prosciutto e asparagi:  this vodka sauce paired witht the cheese and asparagus was bursting with flavor and was still lite.The best thing about the meal though was the waiter.  he was very nice, very knowledgeable and helpful and we talked high end dining in Vegas and L.A.  Loved it.oh yeah, and the sun dried pepper aioli with the crispy breadsticks were wonderful
1	Restaurant 80% empty for Xmas Eve Dinner.  Bad food at outrageous price.  However, the waiter and hostess are very good and accommodating.  Pretty much agree with Monique M about the food.  Hard to imagine how bad you have to do to fuck up Italian food, but Ago's kitchen did just that.
4	The Vodka Penne Pasta was really good. The Calamari was also really good.I had mainly room service since I was working the majority of the time while in Vegas.I recommend room service from this restaurant
4	My brother and I were at the Hard Rock to see the MMA fight and wanted to grab a bite to eat first. We were pressed for time and on a Saturday night we were seated, in a booth, without a wait. When I told the waiter we were in a bit of a rush he made sure everything moved quickly. We ordered everything at once; drinks, appetizer, entrees.The bread came out with our drinks immediately. The calamari came out a little too soon and was a bit undercooked. When we were ready for our entrees they were brought in an exquisite presentation.My brother had the chicken, which looked like a chicken. I had the salmon, which I didn't realize was going to have this red sauce over it. Ago's is an Italian restaurant, however I don't think the sauce paired well with the fish.The overall ambiance of Ago's was upscale sheek. Everything from the drinks to the entrees was reasonably priced. I would definitely go back again.
4	Took the Better Half to dinner here last week.  Located in the Hard Rock Hotel, it's a nice atmosphere to have dinner.  I like the house music they were playing in the restaurant....that might be a turnoff for some people.After browsing the menu for a few minutes, we decided to order:AppetizersRavioli Margherita (Fresh Made Cheese Ravioli, Cherry Tomato Sauce, Basil, $11.00) - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=9ihYtt7ILkL-XN6LFW6S9gMozzarella Caprese ai Peperoni Dolci (Imported Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Organic Sweet Peppers, Basil, $14.00)Entrees4 Formaggi al Salamino Pizza (4 Cheeses, Italian Salami, $14.00) - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=Pho84hX78bz0TuxnvFpfGwDel Pastore Pizza (Spicy Sausage, Goat Cheese, Organic Peppers, $14.00) - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ov68TVizW1d2Hqm2M2FKVg?select=rfL6qYQHYYFeHS4eXlirzwEverything was really good.  I especially enjoyed the Ravioli appetizer and the 4 Formaggi Pizza....they were outstanding!  The other two dishes were pretty good too, but didn't stand out like the others.  Of course we enjoyed our meal with a few glasses of Sangiovese ($11 ea)....yum.Service here was great and it was a nice dinner during our Staycation.Return Factor - 80%
2	I'm SORRY but NO!SAT night around 8:30!! Not One person inside.....(BIG RED FLAG!!)we sat down, waiter super super nice, we order the cheese ravioli and it was very cheesy and good. the bread was good but then we get our entreeswe had lasagna, it was okpasta vongole with squid ink noodles was not good clams didnt look or taste freshand the special of the day that was some kind of fish that didnt taste fresh either with veggies  "MEHHHH"Overall i do NOT recommend this place at all!!!super expensive $$$$$$ and not worth it go somewhere else!
4	$12.99 meal was perfectly proportioned although the meatballs weren't great.The $12.99 menu isn't actually on the menu, but is the way to go here. You get one glass of moltopolciano (sp), minestrone or garden salad and choice of 5 pastas - about a large handful. The wine was good. I had the salad, which was drizzled with a nice balsamic vinegarette and spaghetti and meatballs. The pasta was prepared al dente and the sauce was good. The meatballs weren't great, but they weren't awful. They were also adequate for the price I paid. Overall, the meal was a little above average and the price and portions were great. While a little slow at first, the service was excellent. I can see a return here.
2	our group walked into this italian restaurant in our hotel with great hopes due to the endorsement of robert de niro. bread - great! different styles of bread, breadsticks... great tasting olive oil and fresh tomato puree for dipping.pear salad - tasty!so what's the 2 star rating about?we had a party of 10 people and literally nobody was satisfied with the their entrees. i decided to go for the tagliatelle with scallops and calamari. the macaroni itself had a great texture but the gravy was overpowered by the flavor of the myriad of peas in the pasta. scallops were tiny. the meatballs & spaghetti.. meh. meatballs were super salty. the chicken i heard was also very bland and dry.friend calamari was good, but that's pretty hard to screw up i guess. service - our waiter trying to pull off an italian accent that was laughable. so all in all, if you're looking for italian food in vegas, AGO is not worth your Di Nero.
3	Went here with a group of 9 and after getting sat we just ordered waters since we weren't given a drink menu and then literally waited for 20 minutes just to put our order in. Our server wasn't around the entire time and we were contemplating whether we should leave or stay. The food was just okay.
3	Service was bad.  While I was walking in I saw the hostess chewing gum which is a pet peeve of mine so -1 star instantly for that.Server was completely rude so minus -1 star for that.  We sat at our table when he asked if we wanted drinks and we said no it went downhill from there,Food was good and nicely portion.  It would be a 4 star if it wasn't for the service especially with Nobu just few steps away.
1	The worst service I have ever had in my life.  We asked about the fixed menu for 12.99 and the waiter was so rude my mouth dropped open.  My fiance and I were so put off, we got right up and headed out the door.  We ended up heading to Johnny Smalls where we had excellent service and amazing food.Ago- it doesn't matter how good your food is, horrible service will put a bad taste in anyone's mouth.
1	Went on Friday 4/29/11 - Ordered the tagliatelle with scallops and calamari.  What a joke. The pasta had an ok texture but was stuck together in 2 or 4 layers.  when you try and wind up a piece ok your fork you end up with a lump to big to fit in your mouth.  The calamari tiny an very chewy chunks.  The scallops were smaller than mini marshmallows.You can get better food at Olive Garden!
4	4 girlfriends and I were looking for a light dinner before going out on a Saturday night! We all either got salad or appetizers as well as drinks with dinner. Although the food was delicious the one downside was the potential wait. I say potential because 2 of my girlfriends went over ealier in the night to make a reservation... the hostess said there would be no need and that there is always space...FALSE. We head down at 9pm and its a 30 minute wait. We ended up sitting at the bar which was by far the best decision ever. The bartender was attentive and helpful in making decisions. Plus when one of my friends dinners was taking longer than the rest of ours he provided us with a free shot on the house for the inconvenience. Plus this place gets for the antipasto bar. Yum!
2	Very nice place but that's about it. The lady and I ordered two pasta dishes. The ravioli portion was a bit small and the fettuccine portion was insulting at 13.99. I guess you can come to expect this in Vegas. However, you can get a better bang for your buck around town. So I don't recommend it.
2	Such better options in Vegas! Let me just tell you that.  Decided to try Ago since we found a certificate on Restaurant.com right before our trip.  Very disappointed to get there and find out they won't accept them - make sure you get them off the site then.  The saving grace was we had the most FANTASTIC waiter.  He seriously gave us the best service and offered us some great deals instead.  Unfortunately the food was just meh. And the biggest disappointment? I asked for a side of Italian Sausage with my pasta and he said they don't have Italian sausage there. WHA?? What Italian restaurant doesn't have Italian sausage? Just another place in Vegas that is over priced, smaller portions that don't taste all that great. Find yourself somewhere else.  Oh and try to time it right -- we went right when Rehab was closed for the day and we found ourselves with a bunch of loud, drunk, hungry college kids. It's supposed to be a nicer restaurant and that just killed the mood.
3	Staying at the Hard Rock is a longstanding tradition for me. Maybe its because most of the people there are under the age of 50 and there's lots of attractive guys my age to boot? Who knows. I was in Vegas for a long weekend and through a promoter friend we were able to score a comped dinner for my group of lovely ladies. I believe we went here on a Friday night. The hostess was courteous and led us to a table in the lounge area away from the main dining area. Note to self, for ladies comped meals you will usually never sit in the dining room area! This was my first comped meal in Vegas and it was good, albeit not great. Then again I can't be a spoiled little brat about it since it was free food. I remember my waitress was a little annoyed by the fact that no one in my party ordered alcoholic drinks but seriously.... we had like 5 bottles of vodka and rum in our room. No reason to shell out $14 a drink when we were less than a hallway and an elevator ride away from the stash. Plus we were already tipsy from pre-gaming.... and we didn't want to pay any more money than we had to besides a tip. OK ok I'm being a brat. Although I must say that the food we were served was mediocre. Again though it was comped so you can't really judge the restaurant on it. Still though my dinner the next night at a different restaurant in the casino was comped as well and it was freaking amazing.... The salad was the best part. Just a simple salad but very fresh baby greens with the perfect amount of dressing. The pasta was kind of bland but again alright. Certainly doable. It was a simple rigatoni (or was it penne!?) with tomato sauce and a little basil. I would have loved more fresh basil and garlic to zest it up but what can you do? In my tipsy state I devoured it though just because I knew that would be the last sustenance to keep me going for the night haha.Overall I think Ago might be a good place to catch some appetizers and drinks before the long night in Vegas but I seriously doubt I would pay for entrees here. Ok maybe I would but I guess I'm just really cheap. One of these days when I'm not counting my pennies during a trip to Vegas I will indulge and treat myself to a nice dinner here!
