5	I first got acrylics for my wedding in August 2011. I had never had "fake nails" before & wasn't sure how I would like them. The staff was friendly & accommodating & made sure I had all my questions answered before I tried anything. I got a full set with white tips & they looked absolutely fabulous for the wedding.Since then I've tried different looks & different technicians. I've had Cindy, Jimmy, Jordan, and the older gentleman whom I believe to be the owner. No one has let me down. I've had white tips, sparkly tips, gel, hard gel, had them squared, had them rounded, had them short, had them long... they all looked fantastic. Sure it costs a little money to get it done every two weeks, but they're super strong & I love the way my hands look all the time. I would recommend 2007 Nails to anyone in the West Valley looking to be pampered!
2	Yesterday 3/18/2014 we went to 2007 Nails. The shop was unusually busy I thought, with more than 4 people waiting. We had 4 pedicures and 2 full sets. I got my nails done with a guy who didn't tell me his name. He did not put a top coat or offer to put gel top coat on my White tips. I had to wait for a free pedicure chair. Which I really didn't mind. My mom sat down with Cindy to get the same style of tips I got, white tips with clear acrylic overlay. First thing off the bat, Cindy used the drill and nicked the skin on my mom's pinky on the left hand, then my mom had to ask her to use antiseptic liquid on the wound? (Cindy should have taken the initiative to do this?) As Cindy started my mom's full set she proceeded to glue the tip to the skin of my mom's other pinky. My mom said that the tip was glued to her skin and Cindy pitched a fit, yelling in Vietnamese and then took off the tip. She said "You not happy, I not do your nails".  How can anyone be happy with a tip glued to them? An open wound created by the nail technician? I opted not to get my pedicure, because of this unkind act by the nail technician. It's not my mom's fault the glue ran under the tip and adhered to her skin. My mom is a senior 73 years old and she was treated like dirt in this salon. It's quite obvious Cindy was already out of sorts before she started on my mom. I am at a loss to this type of behavior. Non-seasonal customers like us, make sure your business stays operating. However, we will not come back.  Facility: Is nicely kept, there is refreshments for you, if you so wish. (They need to dust the cobwebs off the front glass at the top by the ceiling). Price: Out of sight for a basic pedicure!
1	My experience started off terrible. I went mid-day on a Thursday and was told it would only be a five-ten minute wait, but I ended up waiting for 40. Tony finally started on my nails, and he made me bleed when he cut my nails almost down to the quick. Not only did he seem inexperienced, he was also VERY rude. Didn't say one word to me the whole time except to ask if I wanted them rounded or squared. He gave me a 1 minute massage at the end because he just wanted to get on to the next customer. He also didn't keep my nails under the uv light long enough because my gel nails warped and peeled off after 3 days. I can't believe I even paid for that experience. You couldn't pay me to go back. What a waste!
5	I really enjoyed coming to this place. Jordan does a phenomenal job on my nails and pedi. I highly recommend Jordan for his attention on details; love the designs that he would come up with for each of the Holidays throughout the year.
1	I've been to 2007 nails in the past and have had a decent experience. I just recently went back last week to get a mani/pedi. I went on a Saturday at 5 and the salon was empty. I thought that they were about to close and I was "that" customer. I looked at the door and they close at 7. It took them awhile to even acknowledge me. Finally they told me to sit in the chair at the very end. I put my feet in the water and it was freezing. The man started to do my pedicure and was very friendly. I found out it was his first day there. Unfortunately you could tell by the way my toes looked at the end. There was paint all over my skin on my toes. I asked for a gel manicure and my pedicure was taking so long that they had to start my gel manicure while I was getting my toes done. My fingers looked great. However, two days later the paint on one of my nails came completely off in one piece. Then a day after that, another one came off. Now a week later, I have three nails where the paint is completely off. Gels typically last 2-3 weeks. Do not go to this nail salon. I'm very disappointed with how much I spent.
