4	Just got my first service here today and couldn't be more pleased. The cut was quick & easy but very precise, and the finish with a straight razor was unexpected. I plan on coming back for a straight razor shave, somehting I've always wanted to have done.
5	I finally found the only place I need to go to get my hair cut. I don't have to explain what kind of cut I need because they always do it right the first time. I especially appreciate the straight shave and hot towel.They offer a great hair cut at a good price .I spent a lot of time trying different shops and this place is trully, "The One"
4	I didn't even know this place existed a week ago, but now I believe I have found 'the one.'  In my quest to find a good spot to get my hair cut up north, I noticed The One Barbershop in Desert Ridge while taking care of some other errands.  The business has a great website for a barber shop which not only details its prices, but also allows you to make appoints online.  An appointment isn't necessary, but it never hurts to know that if there's a wait, I'll jump to the front of the line.The One Barbershop kind of has a big chain shop feel, but not in a bad way.  They use big leather chairs, each seat has an easy view of a flat screen tv which they'll happily change to any channel for you.  My barber, Viktoriya, was very friendly, quick, and gave a great haircut.  The hot towel and massage treatment at the end was a nice treat.  I left looking good, relaxed, and feeling good.While I miss the cheap strip mall barbershop I used to frequent in Tempe, if I'm going to visit a modern shop up this way and pay more than $20 for a haircut, then this certainly may be the one barbershop for me.
5	Finding a good barbershop is a lot like falling in love.  As you look for that special someone you may hit a few bumps in the road along the way, but when you've found the one, you just know you've found the one.  This shop is the one for me.I've been regularly coming back to The One Barbershop for about a year and always leave with a good haircut.  The online reservations are easy to make and the 20 minute haircut takes exactly 20 minutes.  I highly recommend Viktoriya.  Her days are limited but she's definitely worth working around.  I'm sure the rest of the staff is just as good.
1	Waited 20 mins for my turn. New guy comes in, waits 10 mins and is invited ahead of me. Hate when that happens.Place looks nice and everything, but won't visit as they don't care about this basic thing.
5	This has become the only place I go to get my haircut. The entire staff is solid, and they take good care of you.
5	My friend and I are both 59 yr. old women with short hair.  I always want a cut with a close back and longer on top but it seems stylists are afraid to do that. My friend wanted to go back to her spiky short hair and had the same problem. We decided to give this place a try and the gentleman at the front desk directed us to come back the next day to see Viktoriya, as she would best fulfill our needs. We made the appt, and sure enough our haircuts both turned out the exact way we wanted. Mine is short in back but longer on top with just enough oomph and hers is spiky but softer looking than her usual cuts.  Viktoriya was great to work with and I would recommend her and this shop.  She listened to us.  I only wish I could go back to her but I was only visiting for a week.  Oh, and the shop is charming and clean and you get hot towels and a neck massage, just like the gents!!  :)
