5	This guy who is the owner of China Star is sooo cool and his staff are amazingly courteous and helpful, too.  China Star's food is served buffet style for lunch.  The food is authentic Chinese cuisine the way the Chinese cooks in the Chinese countryside cook.If you are looking for blasphemized American Chinese food, do NOT eat here.  The food is for Chinese cuisine efficienados like my Mom, Mario, Mario's brother/sister, and myself!BTW:  I told the owner that today was my Mom's birthday (6/27), so he sang a birthday song to my Mom and danced a jig for my Mom, too:"Cherry, cherry-Pai Gow, cherry cherry Pai Gow!"
5	I eat here at least 2 or 3 times a week.(When your husband/life partner has to be on a low carb diet, it's cheaper than trying to stock up on groceries.)I love the selection and freshness.I've eaten at numerous ones when I lived in Los Angeles and have tried more than a few since I moved to Vegas but this one is one of my all time favorites.I think I'll go there now!
1	Update 2/12 - This place has hit the skids = The last 2 times I have been there it was for lunch and the majority of the buffet was empty. Now granted both times it was busy, but that no excuse. If I wanted to only eat steamed brocoli I'd save myself the trouble and stay at home. I say fool me once SHAME ON YOU, Fool me Twice SHAME ON ME....I wont be back again and instead will go to BUFFET @ ASIA where they have NEVER failed to come through!!This was my previous post-Its nothing special & your usual chinese menu fare. I try & eat on the healthy side sticking wt the steamed brocolli, sauted onions, red/green peppers in beef over some noodles, some spicey soup wt shrimp & a few spring rolls. I usually eat there late in the day & this tends to be not only lunch, but dinner too. What a bargain as wt tax the bill comes to $5.50 (I leave $7 & everyone leaves happy.
3	My mom still likes this place (even though the takeout containers seem to get smaller and smaller). It's super busy and super cheap. As far as asian buffets go, it's popular and we did go here quite a bit when it first opened up but then, the quality was pretty high. It's the only successful restaurant tenant (I remember when it was a soul food restaurant years ago). I prefer the food (quality and selection is better) and ambiance (much nicer) at Buffet @ Asia on eastern/flamingo.
4	This is probably the cheapest buffet I've ever been to. Yes, the selections are not as much as other places, but for the price, what are you complaining about. Just like other buffet, there are some good food, and there are some bad food. And from what I remember, this place was not bad at all. If I had gone back three times for more servings of food, then it must be good. So if you want good deal when it comes to food, then this is the place. Just remember to make the best deal out of a buffet, make sure you come hungry.
3	4.99 for lunch buffet... Decent chinese dishes and for the price you can't beat it!!!
1	I'd give this a 0 if I could. Food here is old, dry and bland. I was afraid to try anything. If it looks bad coming out, what the heck does the kitchen look like? Don't waste your money here.
2	What can I say? It was a $5.40 (after tax) meal that was worth... $5.40. It wasn't great, I've had much better Chinese food, but it was decent enough.The decor is very run-down, and the carpet has a lot of crap burned into it somehow. The seats aren't very comfortable either.Will I go back? Not likely. Just because Golden China has a $6.00 lunch special that gives me enough food for leftovers.
3	I went there after 12:30 it was crowded, & Loud w/children crying and complaining.  The food on a scale of 1-10, I would rate a 4.9.  Some food was heated properly, some was not.  The Hot Sour soup was very good.  Chicken wings were good, so was the Hunan Beef, the fried rice was bland and tasteless.  The best thing was that it was reasonably priced....I guess that means it wasn't all that good but there was a lot of it at a reasonable price.(Meant to be funny)  A lot of the spanish men were in undershirts that were dirty, which isn't the fault of the resturant, but you'd think there would be some sort of notice to at least be clean.  The waitress was quick and kept my drink refilled, was polite, and appeared overworked.  A eat cheaply, and go type of place with a spanish working type crowd.
2	China star has a $4.99 asian lunch buffet from 11 am to 4 pm. That's the selling point, it is cheap.  Basically, China star is an all you can eat panda express, so instead of paying a couple dollars more for a 3 item plate you can come here and get more food for less.As you would expect, the food isn't that great.  They don't have any big ticket items like sushi, oysters, or crab legs. The Wonton soup was bland, but the sweet and sour soup was good. The orange chicken was soggy.  The pizza was not bad but not good. The thai chicken was too dry and tasted like they had put Tapatio in it. Their fried rice and chow mein was okay.The servers were friendly.  Bottom line: despite it being an all you can eat place, you don't really want to eat all you can of anything thing being served. (unless you really like soft serve ice cream)
2	Decent food. Chicken teriyaki was tender. Rest of the food was ehhh..... Aright. Can't beat the 4.99 lunch;for a limited time.
1	Don't even bother going here, they didn't even have good customer service at all, it was terrible
1	Quantity over quality.  What can I say if you want to consume mass quantities for next to nothing come here.  Although I did not get sick, the food is marginal at best.   You have been warned.
2	Best hang over meal in town! Cheap Cheap Cheap! Basic Chinese - noodles, rice, chicken, pork, shrimp. Don't expect fine dining or top quality, it is what it is, you can't beat the price and needless to say, you won't leave hungry.  Great for large groups!
1	This is THE worst excuse for a Chinese buffet I have ever seen. Zero flavor to any of the dishes. Can't believe they are as busy as they where.
1	One word: DISGUSTING! Walking up to the restaurant tells the whole story. Dirty, grimy, and flavorless! Everything is greasy the floors, tables, windows, crane game, plates. The food is GREASY dripping GREASY! The waiter dropped the food left on the table onto the floor then swept it up. I was so upset I asked for the owner supposedly he wasn't there. I made sure I pointed out the filth throughout the restaurant to the man I spoke with. He profusely apologized and said they would try to solve the problems. I said, I would never find out because I will NEVER return! BTW..never did it cross his mind to take a meal off our bill (which I didn't except).If the filth is where the public can see it, I can't imagine how the kitchen is. BTW..I looked at the pictures for the restaurant and the owner who 'wasn't there' is the man I spoke with the same shirt. He refused to admit he was the owner! How sad! Don't compromise your sense of worth for  the "value price"!
1	This place sucks ass. The only thing good about here is their dinner food. They had no sushi. Their place is so dirty and the waiters took so long to refill drinks or take the plates. They also take about 30 mins before they attend to a dirty table to clean it. Me and my friend went here and were seated at a corner table, and we didn't notice the crumbs sitting on it, until the waiter came to take our order of drinks and wiped them off. He was also impatient, as we were thinking if we wanted to get lunch or dinner, since it was 3:45 p.m. He just told us to get what we want and he'll charge later depending if we get the dinner food. Every time me and my friend get up to get food, the waiter and a waitress from another table, kept staring at us, thinking we're going to do something shady. I went to get the lunch entrees and my date just got a piece of shrimp from the dinner entree and we didn't think that they were going to charge us for that, and so the waiter came to give us the check and we were charged for just lunch. When I was paying up front, the manager or the owner said that the waiter made a mistake and instead charged me for the dinner. I didn't even see him talking to that waiter the whole time, so how would he know that he made a mistake. Also, their teriyaki chicken fucking sucks. It has no sauce, and is bland. Their cones are also on the opposite end of the ice cream machine. I was searching for 5 minutes where it was and the waiter didn't even bother to help us until I went to ask him.SCREW THIS PLACE! DON'T GO HERE 15 MINUTES BEFORE THEY PUT DINNER ON THE SERVINGS. THEY WILL TRICK YOU. NEVER GOING BACK HERE.
1	This place is awesome!!! The food was so bad that it was actually entertaining to see all these people eating this crap, it was really busy! My hats off to the owner, what a business. He just needs some clowns.
3	Ive only been here a few times. My wife and her family introduced me to the place shortly after we meet a few years ago...so here is my review:On this latest visit, it was a pleasant experience. The prices are very good and legit for lunch hour. I dont think anyone can beat a 5.oo lunch with the selection they have...just dont think its possible. Anyway, food was fresh and at good temp and taste really good. They have a decent selection of items which is always important. The diner was decently clean, no issues with the floor layout cleanness. I didnt go to the rest room during this visit so i cant speak on that on this review. We had a busser serving us and he was on point. His name is Danny, i know that because i asked him before we left. He was helpful, polite and humble. He made our visit pleasant. We had our refills in decent time and our table was clean for the most part.I have been to this place in previous visits and havent had that great of experience so thats why i am giving it 3 stars for the overall visits. This time everything was in order and nice. We got full, there were no interuptions and no other customers getting out of hand unlike our previous times. I want to give a kudos to them this time...thank you for the good prices and the busser Danny for the great humble and polite service...!
2	I'm not sure how a buffet could have cold, overcooked food at opening time, but it did. The rampant, morbid obesity, and the emphasis on deep fried, fatty, flavorless, foods should have clued me in. Hey, it is cheap and you will get what you paid for.Stay away. There are several restaurants nearby that are inexpensive and worth it.
1	This is not a buffet if all they serve everything chicken nasty i asked the server if there any beef he said no beef only chicken?? Ill never go back there
1	The first time I ever ate here someone had thrown up their food on the side of the entrance. It was so much vomit it looked like two people did it. No lie!  I couldn't believe that it wasn't a priority for them to clean up since it was a HUGE customer deterrent to say the least. After leaving the mediocre tasting Buffett, and seeing puke I never returned. Maybe other locations are better.
1	I wish I had read the fortune cookie BEFORE I ate here:  "you will be disappointed with your meal today" is what the fortune cookie read.Truer words have never been spoken! A little backstory: I saw this place while I was shopping at the beauty warehouse in the same parking lot, and the big sign that said "Lunch Buffett $5.99" caught my eye..Chinese buffets are usually pretty affordable for lunch, so I didn't think the price was any indicator of the quality of the buffet. WRONG! This is the first time since 2007 that I've tried a new restaurant without reviewing yelp first. Why oh why didn't I check the reviews? Perhaps the "air conditioner stolen" sign (see photo) should have been an indicator of something. My "buffet preview" revealed a semi-decent selection, but the food was greasy, old, cold, greasy, disgusting, oh and did I mention GREASY? I picked up several "clean" plates that had food debris all over them. The food wasn't labeled correctly, and it just looked sad.Speaking of sad, I learned a valuable lesson: before deciding to eat at an establishment, I will ALWAYS check the expressions of the patrons. Everyone dining there looked depressed to say the least. I felt the same way after dining there. They should be handing out Prozac with the fortune cookies.My dining partner "paid" for the meal shortly thereafter in the bathroom across the street.  My goodness! Save your money and your appetite.
2	Came here because of the cheap price but a lot of buffets offer specials like this. This place had no character, the waitress had no character either, just came and left. Mandatory to tip 10%  the food wasn't very good. Best thing there was the jello.  Wouldn't return.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. This place is not worth a cent of your money, even if you are strapped for cash. McDonalds is better than this place. Food was gross, service sucked, and the place stunk so bad. DO NOT EAT HERE!!!! I'm scared to even know how sanitized this place even is. I could see someone getting sick from the food here. Clean bowls are dirty. Clean plates were dirty.  This place is a dump.
