3	Good food. It takes a little bit longer for them to make the sandwiches because they freshly slice the meat & cheese, but no complaint there, it's fresh and tastes way better than subway. They are limited on the veggies they offer, would like to have cucumber and bell peppers available.  I really like their mayo/mustard mix.
4	My girls loves Port of Subs and want to eat here all the time.  I have three favorite locations and one that we call "the stingy Port of Subs" - this locations is one of our favorites - clean, not too busy, fairly efficient employees - it is Port of Subs, so the food is the same everywhere, but we like locations that are clean and pleasant - this is one of those locations.
3	This place is solid.  The staff is very generous with the toppings on the sandwiches (you can see the medium sub that I had and it's overflowing), and they are very pleasant when making your order.  I'm a big fan of the smokey cheddar that is served at Port of Subs and I substitute on every sandwich I've ever had, and this place was accommodating of that request too, so I definitely appreciated that.The parking in this shopping center is a bit tight as there are other food vendors right nearby, so you have a lot of foot and car traffic flowing.  I will be back for a tasty sub with some smokey cheddar, for sure.
4	Quick and simple, we're fans for sure. Staff is always friendly service is quick!
4	I really like Port of Subs sandwiches.  I usually get #6-vegetarian.  You have a choice of three cheeses, but I always get triple Provolone. The bread they bake tastes really good and doesn't flake when I eat, unlike another major sandwich chain.  It's not dry either and I don't feel like I need to wash the particles down with a drink. Port of Subs is right down the street from where I work, which is perfect because they are quick and always have a smile.  Employees are always helpful and help me out when I make a lunch run for the office.  I always ask if I can hand them the post-its of orders and not once have they rolled their eyes.  They take them all, stick them on the counter and begin making the sandwiches.  When they're done, they will mark the wrapper with an initial or something for easy identifying. I just love coming here. Sandwiches are made tasty by friendly employees.  Plus, coupons arrive in the mail frequently and I can use my student ID at this location to get a small combo for $5.49.  Not bad for a student on a budget!
5	I love this Port of Subs! The staff is very friendly and make me feel at home. Everything is very neat and clean and I always get what i want. I have been going here for several years now and the staff changes pretty often but everyone is always nice. I would recommend this place over any other locations.
5	When it comes to subs there's just nothing not to love here. Freshly sliced cold cuts on very delicious bread, and I love that the sandwich starts out with just the bones and you decide what's on it (instead of having to take things out of it, add things on top of that, etc.). Extra yay for whole wheat roll. I only wish they had cucumbers, LOL. The sandwich takes seconds to make and the employees are very friendly. Clean and conveniently located. Great, now I want a sub from here.
