4	Let me start out by saying... FINALLY!!! There's a barre class on the northwest part of the valley! It's about d*mn time!!! My first encounter with a barre fitness class was when I visited a friend in Portland, and she introducted me to The Bar Method. It's a very similar class, but not exactly the same. However, I truly underestimated the class. I took ballet lessons growing up, so I thought that a ballet barre fitness class would be cake, because I do just fine with cardio type fitness classes too. Boy, was I ever wrong! This type of fitness hits your core muscles without moving very much. There's alot of stretching. There are exercises on the bar and on the floor. It's as though ballet has been combined with both pilates and a tad bit of yoga. Unlike The Bar Method class I took in Portland, the instructors here at Pure Barre Glendale seem to be friendlier. To some extent, I felt like that class I took in Portland pushed me beyond what I could do. Here instead of feeling the pressure to do every single exercise perfectly, the instructors here are very supportive. They guided my moves in the right direction and were very motivating. I didn't feel singled out like I did when I was taking that class in Portland. I can still remember the Bar method Portland instructors yelling in front of the class, "Jen you're not plie-ing enough. Fix & the turn those knees out." I was in ballet boot camp for crying out loud. It was cruelly hilarious! And don't get me wrong, I loved being pushed to the limit. I am just mainly pointing out what I noticed. Pure Barre is fun! It involves using the ballet bar, yoga mats, cords, and small balance balls. (At least that's what they used when I tried the class for the first time this past Saturday). I hate doing the same routine over and over again, so I love when things constantly change. I love the feeling when I'm done with this class because my muscles still feel like they are shaking. Every exercise pushes you to the point where your muscles have so much tension that you start shaking and the movements are small. The day after is even more interesting when muscles you didn't know existed start exemplifying soreness. The instructors at this location, like I said earlier, guided me and might have helped move me into the right position and watched to make sure I was doing things right, but I was never yelled at. That's always a plus, right? The music is upbeat and energetic and the tempo matched the exercises as intended. The class was very smooth as well. Before I knew it, it was over! I will definitely return for more! I just wish the classes weren't so pricey... I need to make sure I'm on top of the deals they advertise sporadically. Fun always comes at a cost! ;)
4	I started going here the day it opened in January and I haven't stopped yet. The teachers here are very friendly and awesome. Each class will make you work harder than the class before utilizing different moves each time.  This helps reduce burnout because the choreography is constantly changing. If you're curious about checking the studio out, your first class is free and their packages are very reasonably priced.
5	Pure barre is by far the best full body workout. I recommend everyone to try it but you'll be hooked for life.  The instructors are all amazing. The owner gena is very personable & cares about teaching you to take care of yourself. Love pure barre
5	I have been coming here for 6 weeks and I love it! I wanted a change from the gym and found Pure Barre a welcome change. All the instructors are great. They take the time to make sure you are doing all the moves correctly and safely.  The great thing about Pure Barre is that it doesn't matter your age or your activity level because you will fit into every class.
4	Love Pure Barre! Been going regularly since June and am a BIG fan. Great instructors, the classes are always fun and never boring. It is challenging no matter how long you have been going, yet still great for beginners. You can push yourself as hard as you want to work. My only complaint is they have taken out a few of the class times that I used to frequent which makes it hard to fit it in my schedule. The cost is more than I am used to spending for any gym membership, so it would be nice for their class times to be a bit more consistent and for them to offer more morning class rather than just a 5:30 am.
4	Purre Barre is a guaranteed sweat, every time. Really up-beat, fun, full-body workouts coupled with bass-rich dance music taught by super-fit instructors who make you want to push yourself to the limit. The moves are basic ballet-enhanced barre type squeezes and dips either at the barre or on the floor. The class incorporates small balls, hand weights, and bands as well, yielding to as much of a full-body workout as possible in a very short amount of time.  My first 3 classes were rough and produced some shaky muscles and buckets of sweat. I noticed results around the 6th class. Bring water. Bring water. Bring water.I loved going to Pure Barre knowing that for the next hour, I could concentrate on sweating and sculpting my way through a power workout while the music zoned me out. Yes, there are mirrors all over the place. The rooms seems clean but the lighting is a bit much. It was tough for me to find a spot where the lights weren't in my grill, coaxing even more sweat out of me. The air circulation was also an issue. There are several fans but the intstructors seem reluctant to use them during class. During cool-down (end of class), they are turned on but only to the first level. I tend to detox (ie. sweat) during my workout so this was an issue for me. To be fair, when I asked them to turn the fans on during class, they did so. After class, as a courtesy, you are expected to wipe down your own mat and ball. I wasn't used to this and considering the price, I was a bit bothered at first. But after seeing small results so fast, I got over it. Plus, I wouldn't want to clean up after a bunch of sweaty broads either so I understand.Owner Gena is friendly and helpful with any issues that come up (website sign-up; merchandise; etc.) as are most of the other gals. The instructors are ALL SUPER-FIT! I mean, really fit. Like, near perfect. If that type of thing intimidates you, you'll have to get over it and use it as fodder to get you through the class. In terms of cost, Pure Barre is 'niche' priced...as in pricey. Last time I checked, monthly rates offering unlimited classes were around $175. I think the package deals come out to like $135/month. That's the main reason I stopped. I would love to take class every day but at that price, it's still way out of my league. Look for specials through FB or call the studio to see if they offer any deals for new clients.
