4	I want to review the salon there, particularly Kristina.  When I walked in, I told her that she could do whatever she wanted to with my hair, and just gave her a few basic guidelines.  My cut turned out amazing!  I now have this punky choppy awesome cut, which I love and get compliments on all the time!  She is not the super chatty or gossipy type, which is fine with me - though I know some want that from their stylist.  Also, she is not as good with color as she is with cutting, but with suggestions from the other stylists my color turned out great as well.
4	I love Ulta for my hair products. I hate Ulta for suckering me in to buying too much stuff !
4	I was in BAD need of a GOOD haircut.  I knew I wanted bangs, some layers, something cute and sexy..is that possible?  Yes it is when you have Kristina cut your hair!  Wow!  She was really great.  She took the time to educate me on what's best for my hair, different bang styles, etc etc.  Also, Kristina wasn't a Chatty Cathy...which I loved.  Sometimes I like to just sit in quiet and be alone with my thoughts.  She allowed me that space while still giving me pertinent information.The only thing is that I would have liked to know up front what all the extras would have cost.  Shame on me for not asking though.I already prebooked another appt with Kristina, that's how happy I am with my cut.
2	O.K.  So my first experience with Ulta was ok.  I went in with a coupon that I got in their weeky mailing for a discount on their hair service.  I got some accent highlight on my long, brunette hair for the holidays.  I asked for small shimmery highlights and got what I asked for.  Happy.  Price was good, job was done right.  Next visit was for root retouch to keep the highlights for another season, this time was different.  I got a different person, because my previous girl had quit.  The lady was friendly and had a touching story, but her highlights were heavier than I'd asked for, and now they're sort of ghetto looking, to the point where I dont want to flat iron my wavy hair in fright that they are going to look like streamers hanging from the top of my head.  Ugh.  Im going to wear them as best as I can for now and then cover them up with dark color, done at a different salon for sure, then take another 5 years to regrow my hair sans any artificial hair color.  Also I was quoted $120 and walked out pissed that I dished out $170 for some linguini highlights when I asked for angel hair or thinner accents.  One plus...I took my younger 14 year old sister with me, and I figured she should take her DS or a book to entertain herself while I was being done up.  They had an Exuviance brand facial session that was free so I signer her up against her will, the poor soul, but she ended up spending the two hours with the ladies, and walked out with a series of freebies and about $65 in product purchases, and a glowy face!  She was a happy camper and that helped me deal with the frustration of overpaying for my services.  I suppose I recommend this for someone who is visiting to purchase hair products, just not services.
1	I usually only buy beauty products at a department store or Sephora but ULTA is a lot closer, I run there when I'm in a jam.  I would consider the shopping experience here a small step up from Walgreens.  It has the necessities but not the items you never knew you needed.  Very small selection of brand named make-up, skin care and perfumes.  Over priced hair care and hair accessories.  I'm always bummed out when I walk around.As for the staff, can't stand them.  Perhaps I'm spoiled by other places that like to tell you what's new, which items come with gifts or help you pick a color.  Nope, not ULTA.  There's usually ONE girl working the register, no matter how big the line.  The rest of the staff is coagulated by this counter in between the make-up and hair salon.  I have no idea what purpose that counter serves because they're all clustered around it, putting make-up on each other and gossiping about the girl at the register - you know, the one actually working.  The one time I did actually pull one away to ask for help with liquid eye liner she handed me one of those pencil eyeliners that don't need to be sharpened.  Ugh, thanks for nuthin'.
4	I really like this store and have been going here for as long as they have been open. 18 or 19 years. It is always exciting to be rewarded for the products you buy. The more you spend the better prizes they have. They really have a very  good reward program. I love the gifts they give with the fragrance purchases @ different times of the year. They put out great coupons all the time which always helps with a purchase. I have tired the salon a few times in the past but, the stylist i really liked have all left. So now i go somewhere else.   Not that the ones there are bad we just all have our favs!  They used to carry everything in the beauty world but, now they cut a lot of it out. I did not like it when the store was under construction. It really made a very tacky shopping experience. But, that was a few years ago and now it is all clean and pretty again.   I agree with some of the other reviews. In the past they had some girls that were not living the dream. But, they had one really great manager(a thin girl with dark hair)  she would stop everything to help you find exactly what you needed.      She was above and beyond fabulous.           Then there was an older 2 tone gray hair that hated the world. Did not care for her at all. But, now they are all new and shiny. I have been in there 2xs in the last month, and both times were great and wonderful. Plus it is so conveniently located in the Colonnade shopping center.
1	This is probably the worst Ulta when it comes to customer service. I am not a needy customer and more often than not I prefer to be left alone to do my shopping. However, I do appreciate being acknowledged and I am even more a fan of having my questions answered in the event that I do need some assistance. This is not the case at this location. The salesgirls seem unfriendly and completely uninterested in helping/recommending/selling. I honestly wonder if being as unhelpful as possible is part of their job description. If it is, then they are doing stellar!
4	not my favorite place to shop at for beauty stuff...but they had what I needed at the moment.Staff seems nice at this location. no crazy egos or attitudes...I've been to other ones and the staff follows you around like you're going to steal something.so yeah, good service.
3	Here's the scoop if you don't know Ulta: it's a Total. Chick. Store.  Find hair products (shampoos, conditioners, styling), tools (irons, curlers, dryers, headbands, bows, clips), makeup (all kinds), lotions, sunscreens, shower soaps, facial skincare, and a salon. They carry some high-end stuff but not everything, e.g. no Christian Dior, bumble & bumble...I've been shopping at Ulta for years, and in several different cities...this isn't the best Ulta I've ever been in but they usually have what I want.  The most obvious (and irritating) difference at this location is that the employees don't give you your current rewards points total at the time of your transaction, nor do they ask if you'd like to redeem them to get your purchase discounted (sometimes by a LOT, depending on how many points you've accumulated). Parking is another issue for this location... Ulta is smack between an Old Navy and a Michael's craft store, and in the same vicinity as a Best Buy, Marshalls, Staples and Last Chance.  I'd be better off -- in more ways than one -- to hop my mountain bike up here. I ordered a couple things from Ulta.com and had them delivered home over the holidays...may have to start doing that more often.
5	I highly recommend visiting Abbi at the salon. She was a stylist at the Metro Center location and when they closed, I followed her. I have been a loyal client for over 5 years because she is really good at what she does! If you're a first time customer there are usually coupons in the Ulta fliers.
3	It is like the normal Ulta store.  The parking kind of sucks.  I did find everything I was looking for but the check out line is narrow and if there are more than 4 people then you are lined up against product and blocking other customers.  The employees are so involved in their own conversions, they hardly notice the customers.
3	This location seems to be low in stock on a few items. I went to purchase Aqua Di Gio the other day, and they were out of the smaller bottles. The whole men's cologne section looked a little bare.Another thing that isn't the greatest here is the parking. The whole lot facing Camelback Road is a total cluster. I started parking on the other side, by Fry's and PetSmart, and it's been a little better. I only stop at this location when I'm in the area.
2	I thought the women who worked here were completely useless. They had low stock on quite a few items I was interested in, rather than suggesting something else comparable for me to look at, (trust me, I was prepared to spend money) they would walk away.I was looking at eyelash curlers and said I didn't like the idea of spending money on a new one when the cheap one I have works (almond eye shape).  The clerk suggested I start pulling my eyelids up to grab more lashes with a $30 one instead.I know cosmetics and I know customer service.  Both have seen better days.
1	First of all, I blame myself.  I've known for a long time that Ulta has less than desirable customer service.  I guess I am an optimist.  I really want to think they would improve their customer service over the years but sadly they have not.  From their cashiers (who are so freakin' slow and why is it there is only one ringing people up), to their less than pleasant makeup artists (unskilled and unknowledgeable about the cosmetics carried at their store compounded with inability to apply makeup).   Let me entertain you and share my most recent adventure.As I enter the only Ulta in metro-Phoenix, I'm not greeted, and there's at least 3 sales clerks/wanna-be makeup artists I encounter as I walk thru the store to the back where they carry all the hair products.  After picking up my favorite shampoo, I decide to wander into the cosmetics department to see what's new.  One of the sales clerks (who ignored me when I entered) slowly comes up to me, notably not really wanting to help me but I guess she felt that she needed to at least "try" to seem like she wanted to sell cosmetics.   I play along and ask her about new shadows and blushes and what she recommends.  Since Ulta has very competitive brands, she is very politically-correct by informing me they are all wonderful.  Whatever.  Do you have an opinion?  Maybe some follow-up questions like "What are you looking for in a product?"  "What products do you currently use?"   Like every time before, I leave the cosmetics department empty-handed.  I'm not the typical customer that will buy a set because it comes with a little bit of everything.  That's borderline hoarding and I don't dig it.  Show me a product that works, and I'll buy it.  Give me great customer service, and I'll buy a bunch.  Simple as that people.  I'm a sucker for great customer service and will spend a lot of $$.  Ask my spouse.So I make my way to the long line.  Long because there's only one cashier who is dealing with a disappointed customer.  Am I surprised?  No.  Am I reconsidering where I buy from the next time? Absolutely.   The customers in front and behind me are clearly just as frustrated as I.  One lady mentions, "This is why I buy online!"  I totally agree.  So I finally make it to the cashier who doesn't greet me, just tries to sell me more magazines than I need.  I respectfully decline.  She rings up my purchases and literally throws them in a small bag.  By the time she squishes all my products in the little bag, it's bursting at the seams.  I give her my coupon (20% off my entire purchase which is the only reason why I went to Ulta in the first place) and with disdain, she runs it and makes sure she rips it into teeny tiny pieces in front of me.  What is she trying to say?  You'll never see this coupon again?  Whatever, get over yourself.  So long story short, Uta sucks.  Especially the one at the Esplanade.  It's such a shame.  Ulta is in the business of selling beauty products and helping its customers look and feel better about themselves, which they clearly do not.  I've tried to avoid the Ulta at the Esplanade, but I have to say even the one in Ahwatukee and Chandler are almost as bad.  I get better customer service at Walmart.  That's how bad Ulta is.  Your Utra-suckly, Ulta!  I'm seriously never, ever buying from you ever again!  If I could give you zero stars I would.
4	I didn't get ANY service at the Indian Bend store. And I do have to complain that in the past the totally fake "Welcome to Ulta!" got on my nerves. Wasn't comfortable in Tempe Marketplace store either. Made a trip to the Camelback store. Only waited a minute for ROCHELLE to help me. Awesome! Personable, professional, enthusiastic, knew her stuff! Bought everything she recommended. WOW. What a difference she made. Worth the drive anytime.
1	I use to like Ulta. At least, I think I did. I often went to the Ulta at MetroCenter before it closed, and when it did, I had no choice but to start visiting this Ulta. If it were not for the specific makeup I needed I wouldn't bother coming here. The customer service is non-existent. These so-called makeup artists or whatever they are, shouldn't even exist. To this day, not one of them has ever offered to help me when I go to the store. They stare at me when I walk by but continue chattering away to each other, or seek out the one blonde in the store. I walk in, pick up what I need and get the heck out of there. The stuff is overpriced. You can get the drugstore brands of makeup for way cheaper anywhere else. The coupon thing is a joke. The points are a waste. Spend hundreds of dollars for a free hair brush?! Are you kidding?!
4	Need to upgrade my makeup and get some tips. I'm not a real fancy make up person. But I had 2 women help me out, didn't make me feel stupid or silly and I left with some much needed new makeup. The best customer service I have experienced in quite some time. They have a huge selection of brands, unfortunately I wasn't familiar with most of them so I can't judge how their pricing runs. I don't know if the fancy French stuff I purchased is truly high quality or just fancy.
5	Needed help since I never wear make up but want to look nice for a special event.  Nivre walked my through everything I needed, showed me how to use the products, gave good advice, and worked with my budget.  A great retail experience!
5	Love this location!  The employees listen, are great with their knowledge and are more than helpful in getting in what you need.  I had a reward points thing and I kept going back to the same lady three times in one visit.  She was very nice and helped me find what I was looking for.
3	I somehow lost my toiletry bag on a recent flight back home from Calgary.  Unfortunately inside that bag was all of my make-up, some fabulous face moisturizer, tweezers, perfume, etc... I went several days without all of this stuff, and despite what my husband says (he hates me in make-up by the way), I didn't feel too pretty.  So I made time to visit this Ulta to get a few necessities.  It was my first time at this location and I was pleasantly surprised!  They carry everything I was looking for and oh so much more.  From hair and skin care lines to perfume and make-up.  This Ulta has you covered!Caution as you shop though:  despite the moderate prices, everything adds up!  I had a $25 gift card and it didn't get me very far!  If you are in need of new toiletries like I was and/or you find yourself looking for cosmetics, fragrance, shampoo, conditioner, a hairdryer, or basically anything to help beautify, this Ulta has you covered!  And while I'd happily shop here again, I hope not to have to for awhile.  Lesson learned: do not put a toiletry bag with everything you own in your suitcase and check it through with your checked baggage, but if you do, Ulta will come to the rescue!
1	Usually, I LOVE ULTA!  Unfortunately, this Ulta is the worst I've ever experienced and constantly disappoints me.  The store shelves are constantly disorganized and their products are out of stock, especially those which have deals in the weekly ad.   Last week, I went to get my hair cut and the stylist stopped by to say she would be '10 minutes out as she was finishing a blow dry' ... 35 minutes later, I look over and she is basically curling each of the hair's on this lady's head into ringlets.  I kindly told one of the customer service representatives to let the stylist know I would be leaving and was no longer interested in getting any services.Lastly, the PARKING at the Esplanade is awful!  I try not to write too many negative reviews on Yelp but this one needs to be heard...  Nonetheless, I won't be returning to this Ulta ever again.
4	It has been a long time since I have been in Ulta.  I see why I have not been here in a while.  First of all I did not get a greeting when I came in the store.  No one asked me if I needed help and when I left the lady at the checkout was rude to me and did not tell me to have a nice day to me. I'm sure I'm going a little overboard on this, but normally they are really friendly in this store. While at least the place is really nice, clean and bright, also it is next to my favorite store Last Chance.      If you need any accessories for hair and makeup you should totally come here, they have a great selection.  O yeah, I came to Ulta for the makeup that I normally wear.  It was on sale that day.  Even through the staff was not friendly to me; I will still come to this store when my makeup is on sale.
2	This Ulta is close to my house and I waited way too long to order my makeup online and wait for snail mail arrival. Decided to go in here today knowing they have the Smashbox products I needed. I wanted to try something different and was excited to try some new makeup. Always love when they help you out. Well the store was somewhat busy, it is the weekend, and they only had 2 women working in cosmetics. One of them was nice enough to notice me and tell me she was working with someone. So I stood and sat around for a good 10 minutes while the other girl helped 3 other people who were there after me. I even asked if there was anyone else who could help. I mean come on, just because I'm not an aggressive older Biltmore snob doesn't mean I don't need help. I went as far as complaining to the manager and she offered me a free gift! Not help with what I wanted, not a good time to come back but a free gift. Needless to say I'll be taking my money to another store. Probably the last time I'll shop  here.
1	Terrible service by the sales staff on the floor of the store. I was in a discussion over a item that I was buying for my wife and the sales person allowed a young lady with no apparent manners to interrupt and ask a question that went on to a conversation as if I was no longer there. I could  allow a quick question, but to engage in a ongoing conversation, by the staff associate and the rude customer who interrupted was to much. The sales person should have had the training to be professional and tell the person to wait a moment instead of engaging her as if I did not matter. F$%K this place and the management who allow this type of behavior..Shop elsewhere..
2	We'll it's close to my house and all and they do have products but it is the worst in customer service I think I just might start going to sephora down the road but I been here plenty of times and the ladies don't bother asking if you need help or anything . I walked around the store for a good 45 min the store is a bit unorganized --they seem to only help out older ladies 50s and higher but most of them will just be chatting with other employees . They need to do their job and work other than that it's in a great location .
2	Damnitt Ulta!  Why can't you stock ALL of your product at the Ulta cosmetic table reliably??  I have received more than a few Ulta gift certificates from my husband as gifts and I always get burned when I go in to redeem them; needing X, Y and Z, but only being able to find X in a shade darker than I use, and Y is out of stock out, and I can find 4 tubes of Z, but they are all testers and have already been opened.  I like Ulta's cosmetic line and would use it exclusively, but it it's impossible to fill my cosmetic bag with Ulta's stuff because they are apparently incapable of keeping the inventory stocked and organized!  How hard is it to have a few of each item and color and ONE tester??  Adding to the frustration is that when you have to backfill your cosmetic bag with other cosmetic brands (that you couldn't test the colors on because they don't have testers) and you are pretty much screwed out of $11 if you get home and discover that a Revlon True Beige is not remotely the same color across the board in their different foundation lines.  Aaargh!Oh, and their coupons have so many product exclusions that's it's actually kinda funny, kinda like a game to see what you actually can use their coupons on...not much.The only good thing that I noticed on my last visit to Ulta was that they are now offering an extensive selection of name brand rollerball perfumes, so now I don't need to get a huge bottle of my favorite Calvin Klein Euphoria perfume for my purse, I can get it in a handy little $20 rollerball.  So yay for that!Finally, the parking here sucks.  Protip: I suggest you park over by Fry's on the other side of the block.  Otherwise use the Ulta in Chandler for better parking.
5	I graduated from college yesterday and wanted to look very nice but I am clueless when it comes to make up. I went to Ulta and asked for some help and two ladies totally went above and beyond. They did such a great job on my make up, I didn't know I could look so good. They didn't just put on the make up but explained to me how and why they did everything. I walked out of that Ulta a new woman feeling beautiful and everyone at my graduation was so surprised how good I looked. I am forever grateful and it was even expensive :)
4	Great sales on men's professional salon liters of shampoo and conditioner for us hair snobs.  They carry Joe Grooming for men,  the shampoo and conditioner work perfect for the desert climate here.  They have a number of colognes for men also bit you can find better pricing else where.  They also have a rewards program based on spending.  Store is clean.
2	Disappointed in my attempt at a nail service, yesterday while I was on location they booked me for the following day. Then late this morning, they called to say they double booked and I would have to come in earlier or way later. I understand things happen, but I rearranged my day to schedule the appt. Too bad Ulta!
4	Great brands and products. Have to search a bit on the weekends. It can get a little busy,  price is eh just depends on what you're buying.  I get great customer service and that is super important to me.
4	My must stop place for make up! I come here if I'm looking for high end items or drugstore make up all the while saving time. They usually have most items in stock but have noticed their lack of testers in the drug store section. From what I've hear from the SA, the testers often get stolen. The prices are good and even better when they have sales. If you become a member you get points and a coupon every month.I recently got matched at the high end side and was pleased with the results. Went home and am still loving how well I was matched to my foundation. Typically SA's try to sell you the most expensive products, but the woman helping me helped match me and explained the differences among the foundations I was interested in.Wish it was a little more cleaned up at times and that there were testers readily available.
