4	The Goldmine is a great little place to grab a drink and play some pool in downtown Henderson. Cheap drinks, Friendly staff, Live music several nights a week. And I hear they are adding a courtyard for outdoor seating soon. A great place to stop into during any of the many outdoor events that Henderson puts on thoughout the year. Not quite the dive bar it used to be, but still retains some of its dive bar charm.
5	Jose & Ricki are awesome!!!Yep that's how I'm starting this review. My  husband and our friend were kinda tired of the half shell so we ventured out to gold mine and I'm so glad we did. They did some remodeling and the place looks great. Great service, great atmosphere and Internet jukebox! Perfect locals hangout.... I think we will be here 2x a week minimum :D
5	If you haven't been here in the past 2 months you need to go back. The bar has under gone a complete new remodel and the city made the side walk bigger. This bar now has an open air patio, live music just about ever weekend and great bartenders! There are drink specials Mon-Thur but even when drinks are regular priced they are still a great deal. Pool tables are well kept, the bar is clean and even the bathrooms are nice here. This is a great locals bar but also just fun to go and check out. Bring some friends with you and you are guaranteed to have a good time. O! and if you are lucky enough to be there in a Taco night you have to , have to have to eat like 5 of these things. THEY ARE SO GOOD! Taco guy makes the best damn tacos for miles around (and arguable the best in the greater Las Vegas area) So don't miss out!And if you see Jose working the bar congratulate him on his new baby.
4	My bf and I came here apparently during some construction times for this area. We werent sure if they were opened for business or ...? we tried one door and it was locked. My bf turned to leave but nope.. 2nd door was open. Yay! let's get a round.This place had a cool chilled out vibe. Not only was it chilled out, dimly lit, pool tables, cool music, etc. But the best part, there was a guy in the nxt door area bbq and they had $1 tacos! carne asada and some other kind of meat. Damn those were good. If I hadnt been watching every calorie for some upcoming event I would have partken more. . but I thought it better to stick to just the one and got outta there. They also had the option for guys who were hungry to get AYCE tacos for $10. which made sense to just do this and feed everyone in your group b/c they arent monitoring who those tacos are for. . so.... and this was suggested by the bartender so they were in full understanding that this was going to happen. I was ordering rum n diet coke and i think the drinks were $3 or $4.. not bad. I'd be back but I moved away.
4	Awesome little joint!  It had a GREAT band!  The pool tablels jam constantly but the bar tenders are right on it and helpful and nice.  Just a fun relaxed vibe when you want to get away from the Las Vegas overpriced over stimulated bars.  Definately will make a trip out to old Henderson to visit again.
5	Water Street's crown jewel as far as I'm concerned! This place was awesome when it was dive-y and remodeled it is damn near perfect! Located in a part of Henderson that isn't filled with soccer moms and Bikram yoga afficionados, Gold Mine is real Henderson...Hendertucky if you will. The beers are cold and cheap and they have hands-down the best juke box in town. No censored songs on this bad boy. But most times you won't even need its help thanks to the live bands Gold Mine regularly hosts. With their new (well new if you haven't been there in about a year) outdoor patio seating, there's more room for a stage and lots of tables and chairs, even couches, to lounge on and let your ears be rocked. To be blunt, the place is awesome, the people may be a little rough around the edges but they're nice and the venue has really stepped it up over the years. Get yourself a designated driver and show some love to the 'tucky.
4	The Bar is awesome, the service was good, but the crowd is super bro and the dj's music is bad, if this was a traditional diver bar it would be awesome even more awesome.
1	The bartender screaming the f-word was an instant turn-off. Rowdy crowd.
5	Love this bar! Awesome little gem on Water street. Great drinks and great atmosphere. They've got pool tables and awesome events almost every day of the week. Can't wait for the Hendertucky Music Festival this weekend, lots of awesome local bands!
5	Personally I love this bar, every single time I go there I always have a good time!  Their drink specials are great, and now I am hearing all about the Hendertucky Music Festival on 4/20, I cannot wait!!!
3	Hole in the wall out in the middle of Downtown Henderson. Small bar venue, with some pool tables and a loud, hipster/skater crowd.....I very much enjoyed the scenery but wasn't able to feel chemistry with anyone in the place. Oh-wait!...there was a guy sitting at the bar watching some game all alone who I ended up chatting with most of the night. haha! A lot of early/mid twenties crowd, lots of ruckus and SMOKING GALORE! Smoke cloud alert!!!! It was a cool place to check out but not my thang!
1	Worst service I can recall having at a local Las Vegas bar!  Indeed "Hendertucky", and they show it. Rude bartenders, awful cocktails that were watered down and just made poorly. Each time myself or one of my friends wanted a drink, we had to wave down for service (and we were sitting right AT THE BAR), then often got the eye roll thing as if we were a bother. If not for the fact that a friends band was playing there the night we went, I would NEVER go to this place. Hey bartenders, try and take some lessons in kindness and good CUSTOMER SERVICE, and perhaps a class in how to make a cocktail, will ya'!!!!!  Good grief!
4	I love Gold Mine.  It's close to my house, and has a great local vibe which can be hard to find in a town of large casinos, clubs and bars.  A true neighborhood dive.  It isn't for everyone, as the crowd is very diverse given the night.  I love Wednesday nights (free pool and ladies' night!), and the weekends offer live music on their patio.  This is definitely a spot to go with friends.  You can hang out and do your own thing or mix in with the crowd and meet new people.  Drinks are cheap, and bartenders are friendly.  Only thing is you never know when they'll close up for the night.  Sometimes they'll stay open until 2, sometimes it's midnight.  Difficult to gauge, which sucks for someone who doesn't get out until past 10 (like myself).  Tom and Shotty are quick to learn your name and drink.  Beer on tap has a smaller, but decent selection to please everyone (PBR to Stone, cheap to craft), and on a night with a special, it's a great place to hang out in a casual, fun atmosphere.
5	Just a neat place. Celebrated national vodka day there. Casey the barkeep made a special vodka drink in honor of it! Just overall fun and relaxing. Outdoor bands are special under the stars.
5	Awesome place! I don't know why I bother trying out other places. I always have a great time here. Love the outdoor area, pool tables are in great condition, always have amazing deals, and the bartenders make it fun. Not shady like other bars for locals.
5	Love this bar. Nick makes the BEST Bloody Mary's there. Love the laid back atmosphere. They have great bands always coming in as well as the drink specials. Pool tables ar a plus. I've always had g great service in this bar.    Love that they also do biker events, that's a huge bonus!!!!! Location is also perfect for me as I can walk, ride or drive their :-)
