2	Music's too loud and not particularly inventive at times, potentially dangerous cracked tiles on the way downstairs to the toilets. On the plus side the mojitos are pretty good, staff pleasant and couches comfy.
3	Sygn is quite a difficult little kettle of fish to pinpoint in my mind . It looks lovely, with that pink lit chic and black furniture going on with an immaculately decorated interior, which you can't really go wrong with. It comes across as designer, classy, sumptuous, trendy, all those positive words you would use to describe a really cool bar. Also probably a hot place to come for a date, apart from the fact it's in a really visible position on the route where people cut through to get across Charlotte Square from the west end, so the chances of someone peering in at you through the window are high.The cocktails are awesome, and the bar staff are pretty keen and banterful, always a plus. The plum and vanilla sidecar and the classic mojito both reach high points of tastiness, so I would really steer anyone coming in here towards trying a cocktail, as it's clearly a point of expertise and a definite highlight. Maybe it's the fairly miniature size of the bar, or perhaps the slightly posing side to it, but I can't quite just sit myself down and properly relax with a few drinks in here like I would in other places. Regardless of my personal feelings, the fact remains this is a really pretty bar with very good cocktails, and that fact is important.
3	Are you as confused as me as how to pronouse sygn? When all it is really is an i replaced by a y? Anyway, it's an upmarket bar. I didn't find the prices insanely hiked - not exactly Wetherspoons, but I've certainly seen worse as well. Definitely not a place you want to come with a semi-dry wallet and itch to leave unable to stand. It looked more like a place you would sup a cocktail or a glass of vino rather than chug on a steiner. My only small quibble would be the extensive cocktail menu didnt' cater for the dd's like myself - although the Firefly selection of drinks were pretty delicious.However, overall I thought it was rather nice - a pleasant bar with table service, pleasant staff who remembered orders and didn't go too crazy even when they had guests waiting to take their (reserved) table that we had hijacked earlier on in the day (note - when I say hijacked, i mean we agreed with the waitress that we would sit there til they needed to reset the table in advance of their reservation). I would be happy to return here but definitely a little closer to pay day.
4	I am a fan, as my rating suggests. I'll keep this one snappy - been here quite a bit, its awesome for brunch and their new menu has tons of tasty treats on it at prices that betray its flashy decor. The bar caters, as most do in this area of town, to local wealthy businessmen, as is evidenced by their rather over the top cocktail menu. Along with Monteiths and the West Room (all of which I've been to), this is a solid mini chain of restaurants with a refreshing approach to the dining experience, all have predictably tasty food and a well stocked bar. Any three star comments about 'staggered in here on a Friday and didn't like the barmen' perhaps give an unfair representation of what is after all an excellent establishment, ideal for romantic meal during the week, cocktails of a Fri/Sat night or a hangover brunch on a Sunday.
4	Had a Steak and Cheese burger here with a couple/triple/quadruple of Tom Collins' to wash it down.Burger was quite delicious, although I agree with a previous reviewer that it was a COMPLETE BITCH to eat as it was too big to stuff in mouth (my preferred way of scoffing burgers)... although cutting it in half and then juggling it into my mouth seemed to do the trick.Steak was medium and juicy and there was a cute little pot of tomato relish on the side. Chips were rougly cut and chunky, just right.Looking forward to revisiting to try the Pork and Chorizo burger with apple and cider sauce...
4	Why hello Mr Lamb-burger-that-rocked-my-WORLD. Oh and a rather tasty tipple on the side. In rather lush surroundings. With really friendly but chilled out bar staff. Well played, Sygn, well played. I think you've got yourself a fan.Myself and three other lovelies rocked up here with an itison voucher of four burgers and four cocktails. Regardless of the itison voucher and the sweet wee deal we had ourselves, our wee Monday night meal and drinkies here was wonderful and I'm already planning a Friday night return.Let's start with the goods. The burger. Oh yes. Lamb with red pepper. I went sans bun (wheat-free yo) and there was no fuss. Also not a problem to swap out my potato chips for sweet potato chips (I'm the worst customer for orders ever). The burger options, whilst not hugely extensive, are all really quite decadent and we all took a long time um'ing and ah'ing. Steak, philly cheese and pickle? Chicken with maple-cured bacon and swiss cheese? Pesto? Lamb and red pepper? I'm so glad I went for that final one.I've had lamb burgers else where, also without the bun, and have been disappointed. Not at Sygn. A really tender pattie, and what really stood out was the quality of the lamb used. No fat, gristle or excess grease anywhere. Finest quality of lamb mince I'd wager. The slice of roasted red pepper on top was a delicious touch. And the sweet potato fries - oh yes. Huge. Chunky. Hot. Just how I like 'em (that's what she...yeah you know the rest.)Our waitress was really friendly and helpful, and the barman who came over to chat after about a drinks promo was really laid back and cool and banterful. Got a lot of chat on other cocktail bars in the city too. Turns out Sygn, West Bar and Monteiths are all owned by the same folks which would explain why I have a mutual love of both Monteiths and Sygn. Last on the list is West Room and I will be checking that out sooner than you can say 'margarita-with-extra-salt'.I rarely make it to the West end but Sygn has just given me as good an excuse as any to do so more often.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my last visit to this bar- nice and relaxed with yummy food - I had the steak burger which was totally yummy. A few quibbles though - we had prosecco to start with which took a while to come to our table and there weren't enough thick cut chips...Never mind - all minor quibbles.I would recommend coming along for their cocktail making night- it's a real a bargain and I learnt a new variant to a well loved cocktail...yum!
4	Ever have one of those nights where you're starving, but you are a stranger in town and can't decide where to eat? Yeah that was us. We were actually walking around trying to find Nandos (heh) and we came upon Sygn. It really looked more like a bar than a restaurant but the food was surprisingly good. I had the fish & chips and we also had the duck rolls as an appetizer. Good stuff.
3	The word of the day for this visit was 'Slow'. I'd never eaten here before, but Joe A. bought a voucher for burgers and cocktails so we visited on Wednesday before going to the cinema at 8pm. Table was booked for 6.30pm so we had plenty of time... we thought. It was pretty quiet but even so they did seem a bit under staffed. We ordered our cocktails and they took quite a while to arrive, but were very nice so all could be forgiven. We also ordered our burgers and i went for the mushroom veggie option. We finished our cocktails and patiently waited for our food, as we saw other tables get their food, eat it and leave. An hour and a half passed and all we had had was one little cocktail. Finally a waitress (who looked like she might have been a supervisor/manager) came and asked what we had ordered. After she went away to investigate, she came back and apologised that when our order was made, the till roll ran out and so it wasn't received by the kitchen. She was very apologetic and i understand this was just unlucky. As a result she offered us both another complimentary cocktail. However, she never reappeared to take our drinks order so Joe went and ordered for us. Our food turned up and it was nice but my chips were a bit under cooked and raw in the middle, but by this point i was so hungry and didn't say anything. Our new drinks also took their time and didn't make an appearance until Joe had finished his food.As a result of all this we had to go to a later showing of the film and i fell asleep :)When we left, the same waitress again apologised. She was lovely and handled it really well. I would go back there, but just make sure i have plenty of time. And maybe order my next drink as soon as i receive my first one. As for the food order, that was an honest mistake, hence why i've given them three stars and not fewer.
1	I booked a table for dinner through using Sygns online booking form, on the form i stated that one of the diners was gluten free.  When arriving at Sygn I had to ask the waitress to point out what was gluten free on the menu (so why did they ask for any other comments on the booking form?) who advised very confidently what was gluten free.  I took her advise and placed my order, had a lovely meal with friends and left.  Several hours later I experienced horrific stomach cramps - probably the worst allergic reaction I have had to food in years.  After being up all night, the next day I phoned Sygn to advise them what happened, if anything to stop it happening to anyone else.  Whilst I said the food might indeed have been gluten free perhaps some cross contamination occurred in the kitchen.  I was advised that a manager would return my call.  After 1 week of not having received a call, I emailed Sygn to express my disappointment of them not taking my comments seriously and still to this day have received no reply.I would not recommend eating in Sygn if you have any type of food allergy / intolerance. However there are plenty better restaurants in Edinburgh who cater for all needs and take it seriously, what a shame for Sygn......
4	I love it! - brilliant service and no nonsense menu. We visited on Tuesday on an "itison" voucher. We were taken to our table as soon as we arrived. The place is clean, clever lighting and the overwhelming colour scheme is beech, brown and yellow shades, which I found very calming. They have floor to ceiling windows and that creates a visual bigger area. There are 2 large communal tables with benches that would do nicely for a family meal on a rainy day. The waitress explained the deal and we were guided through the available cocktails - we both decided on the gin & cranberry. This was a lovely sweet & sourish drink (if not a bit girly & pinkish) A pizza was part of this offer and Anita A went for the pulled pork and pineapple. I choose crayfish and chili oil. Both pizzas were crispy based and served on a wooden pizza board. The wine we choose to drink was an Argentinian Cabernet (separate from the voucher) which could have been warmer, but was a tasteful accompaniment with the delicious pizza. The pizza was large enough to warrant a leftover takeaway which our waitress was happy to supply us with. I recommend this place and just so you know that even though this is considered west end
4	Move over La Favorita! I think you have very good competition in the form of Sygn, situated in the West End.Pizza and a cocktail was the deal this time. Started with cocktails, which had gin and cranberry juice and something else. Nice drink, but I would perhaps choose something else next time. Having said that, they do have a lovely cocktail menu.I went for the ham hock and chargrilled pineapple pizza. So sue me if I had a Hawaiian ;-) This was the posh version of Hawaiian, and very flavoursome too. I wasn't sure if the pineapple was really 'chargrilled', but it went well with the ham hock.I enjoyed it, but only managed to eat half of the pizza so took the leftovers home.Sygn is a great place to have a steak or a pizza. They also do sharing platters of various different things like haggis pakora. Super friendly service. Definitely a fan!
3	We went here after the Ireland v Scotland game so it was very busy but thankfully we had a table booked already. I liked the variety of sharing options on the menu and we had got a deal where we got 20% off the bill and a free cocktail. I got the whisky cocktail and took one sip out of it before pushing it away. It did not taste good! Myself and a friend both got it and made the same unattractive face at the same time. Another friend got the gin one and that seemed nicer. Can't really complain when it's free I guess! The service was ok. We did order more drinks at one point but we ended up having to order them again as they were obviously forgotten about. Though as it was mobbed I can totally understand this. I enjoyed the food but my friends weren't that impressed with their choices.
3	We regularly go for drinks after work and it is always busy and good fun.Normally the staff are very friendly but I think we hit on a bad day though I would still say it was A-OK. Our waitress was very rushed and stressed and didnt really have time tobe very friendly. We had a deal for 2 pizzas and 2 cocktails which was great value from a voucher site called it's on I think.Our cocktails when they arrived were really nice but there were only 4 choices we could have chosen from which did limit you unfortunately. Our pizzas were huge and very nice. I had Crayfish, rocket and chilli which had tons of fish but definitely no chilli! I'll be back and hope to increase the rating soon...
4	I really like Sygn, and I have enjoyed visiting for Friday night drinks and for a quiet Tuesday dinner and cocktail night with fellow Yelpers. It has a convenient location tucked away in the West End (although I find the street a bit dirty and dodgy, although perfectly safe). Based on its location, it has West End cocktail prices but I love the extensive menu of a huge variety of interesting cocktails - some were quite ordinary but others were really delicious, interesting, and beautifully presented. The mocktails were definitely overpriced, which is really a shame, though.As for food, they brough around delicious samples of their pizza the first time I was there. The next time I was back I opted for the steak and cheese burger, which was delicious on a brioche bun. I thought the skinny fries didn't blow me away and could have been much better, but I really did like the burger.I was split between giving Sygn three stars or four, but what made me choose to be generous was that I really like the decor inside. It is really interesting and fun, including their great window decorations with bottles and their ornate ceiling. It's a fun place to go, and I enjoyed being back tonight.
3	My first time at Sygn was only last night and I headed there as part of Cocktail Quest. It's pretty modern inside and not much different to a lot of bars. Their food menu is quite pub - pizzas, burgers, hot dogs with other deep fried sides and things available.As I was early, I decided to grab food. I had a chicken burger (minus the bun) with skinny fries and it was good. There was some debate over the box it arrived in later but the box meant that you probably got more chips than if it had arrived on a plate so that was a bonus!The chicken was cooked decently and came with maple bacon and cheese. The maple bacon was probably lost a bit and I could recognise regular bacon but that was it. The lemon mayo was nice though and that is a compliment from someone who doesn't like mayo. There was also rocket and some salsa on the side which was tasty enough. Food wise - it is ok. Not mind blowing but they do voucher deals through the usual sites and I booked one this morning as I would go back on a voucher.Drinks - we came for cocktail quest and they allegedly have a reputation for cocktails. Personally, I wasn't that impressed. My cocktail of choice for the quest is a margarita so that was duly ordered. The rim was salted on half the glass (I like a full rim), rock salt was used (not that fussed over type) BUT it was very messily applied and half way down the glass. The drink itself was ok but missing that tang and kick that a bloody good margarita should deliver. My next drink then was a geisha martini - vodka, pomegranate and lychee. Again, didn't blow me away and some kind of fruit greenery acted as the garnish so really it looked like I had 'dead stalk' in my drink once it had been in there for 5-10mins.So for Sygn, 3 stars. Pretty ok but not mind blowing and probably won't be my first choice for food or cocktails if no voucher deals on. For GF peeps, there aren't a lot of options. I had no issues as the chicken I was told was GF and the chips will be cooked in oil used to fry evil stuff. I had no after effects so I would give it another go - and they do the GF fallback of nachos...
3	I came here on a Monday lunchtime for a Burger & Cocktail deal.I can't remember the name of the cocktail I had, but, it was delicious and refreshing, if a tad on the small side.The Burger was lovely, (not the best I've had though), but too well done, and was served with a decent portion of fries.Service was good and attentive. They turned the music up a bit and I felt it was too loud and they immediately turned it down again without having the slightest hissy fit.
