1	Based on the reviews we read on RestoMontreal we decided to go to this resturant.  The service was extremely slow.   It took over an hour to bring our pizzas after ordering.  The crust on two of the pizzas were awfull! Very tough and inedible.  In addition this resturant is expensive for what you get.
4	I went there with family and ordered fettucini alfredo. It was the best fettucini alfredo I've ever tasted! The staff was nice, the food was good (tasted a bit of pizza too!) and the atmosphere was romantic. The only downside was that the restaurant was a bit small, but it's perfect for the small romantic atmosphere.
4	I walked in the place and I shit you not, O Sole Mio was playing on the stereo and there was a muted flatscreen showing the latest Euro-league football. By no means is Pizza Villa reinventing the Italian wheel nor offering delights that rub epicurean boners that pontificate the transcendence of Italian cuisine flavour dynamics; this place makes pasta, pizza and awesome homemade Italian dishes your grandmother would eat. The food here isn't mind blasting or anything, but the food they put out is exactly what you want it to be, simple, honest and delicious - like pythagorean theorem of the Italian culinary world - it only makes sense when equation is done properly because there's no other way of doing it; Pizza Villa is doing it and doing it and doing it well.
2	I've been on a Yelp frenzy these weeks but i've fallen on bad luck lately. Looking for good pizza tonight I Yelped for pizza in the area we were coming home from. Pizza Villa came up with pretty good reviews and we dropped in and picked up a cheese pizza to go.The cheese taste cheap, the sauce just wasn't there, and the bread was doughy everywhere. We each had an entire slice and put it away for now. We'll probably much on it throughout the night...bad pizza is still pizza and any pizza is goodI'll eat metro pizza before this one next time
5	SMALL ,old school ,family -style, no frills Italian restaurant situated off the beaten path. The decor reminded me of  the now defunct Johnny's, in Manhattan, tacky factor toned down, minus the drunken louts at the bar,  and a character straight out of the mob movies, and  very  much cleaner. We were a large group, had 2 tables reserved, and the waiters promptly filled out water glasses and took drink orders. Shortly afterwards, they came back and took our food orders. I ordered a pizza al fresco, pizza with boccacini cheese, fresh tomatoes and basil, my co-diners, ordered a lasagna, stuffed cannolini, and  the guy on the other end, a meat- stuffed pasta, the name I can't recall. My pizza was super, though the crust just a bit over baked, the lady with the lasagna, loved hers, but could not finish, it was MONSTER -sized, the cannolini lady could not finish hers either; only the guy who ordered the stuffed pasta and I could finish our orders. I'll tell you, there were a LOT of doggy/kitty bags going home that night. The service was very attentive, prompt and very polite. Another place to remember and add to my fave list.
5	Very calm and quiet atmosphere. Had their absolutely amazing polpette to start and followed with one of the best pizzas my tastebuds have ever had. Can't wait to go back!
5	Such a sweet place with an amazing staff. Mary, the owner is such a great lady. Oh and the food was authentic Italian. Go there!
