3	Located on the 2nd floor near Forever 21.  They are usually pretty busy on the weekends but weekdays aren't too bad.  If you do go on a Sat or Sun afternoon be prepared for a wait.  Today I waited about 30 mins for my turn as only one girl was working.  (Not the norm, usually at least 2 working).  There's really only one lady I will let touch my brows but if she's not there I just wait and go later.  I'm very particular about my brows.  Compared to waxing I find threading less painless and more effective.  Plus its cheaper than waxing.  I'm also very paranoid about how waxing rips and pulls and worry that my brows will droop as I age.  I'm been only threading for at least 5 years now.  I will never go back to waxing no matter how unruly my brows get.  I recommend if you find someone you like to just stick with that person.  Also, don't forget to always sign in as they don't keep track of who walks up before who.  They only go by the sign in list.  Also, like many small businesses they prefer tips in cash whenever possible.
4	This was my first time here. After my beloved Anita at Naturalle Boutique (see previous reviews) left the state, I have been trying to find someone to take over these unruly brows and have had hits and misses. One thing I don't like is the fact they have no where to wash their hands. They do use hand sanitizer, but its not the same.  Kinda grosses me out. I had a pleasant middle aged woman named Shohreh who did a good job on my brows. I will return back and ask for her again. She seemed like she had more experience not because of age, but because when I asked about a different shape for me, she stated that she could do it, but it would take off more hair and she told me that the natural shape was good for my face. She said she would clean them up first then if I wanted to go more, she could. After she was finished, I am glad I took her advise! I also had her thread my upper lip. There were a few spots that were missed but I blame it on the crappy mall lighting. I can't give it more stars yet as I have to re write after going back a few times. However, she is the most gentle threader I have been to. No pinching, or pulling and I have had threading done for over 10 years. So a big plus there! If it is your first time doing threading, I suggest her. Many people get scared off from threaders that make them bleed or pinch them. Or when the thread breaks. Been there done that. Oh the price we pay for beauty! There are two locations inside Arrowhead mall. I went to the upstairs location near Dick's Sporting goods. They rotate the threaders so check both locations if you have a favorite, or call ahead. I paid cash.
4	I'm allergic to waxing on my face-after one awful experience in Las Vegas, I'll never let wax touch my face, ever ever again.I started threading in NYC; the salons are everywhere. I continued in NJ, and once we moved out to AZ, I had a hard time finding a spot initially.Each of the major malls has threading now, which is FANTASTIC, though wish they all had more staff.This location is pretty great-right on the 2nd floor, it's a permanent kiosk.I wish it was a more private location which is why it's not getting 5 stars; it can be a little weird just getting plucked with the whole mall to see, but once you get over that, its' really great.I haven't had a bad experience at this location ever.I went on Saturday, and waited 5 minutes-they had 3 girls working which was great.I always have my upper lip and brows done. Yes, it's painful, but if you have wax sensitivity, this really is the way to go.For those wondering what the after threading effects are, I get swollen and red for about 30 min then it goes away. NO throbbing or sensitivity.I'll always always thread!!
3	Meh-this place is ok, not great. The pros- no line, quick service, & reasonable prices. The cons- my eyebrows are now waaaay to thin! Ugh! The lady who threaded my eyebrows was super nice but when I sat up & looked at my eyebrows I was shocked! In fairness I hadn't told her exactly what shape I wanted, but I've had my eyebrows threaded many, many times & I've never had to tell them. I'll probably return to them just because I don't know where else to go for threading, and I will definitely clarify what I want. Bottom line, if you're super concerned with your eyebrow shape steer clear of this place.  I'm secretly hoping that the people who work there will read this review & understand that more modern styles are not so thin (for eyebrows anyway)!
1	Two out of three times I had a weird experience here. First time was awesome, the second time they made my brows wayyyy too thin. This last time, my brows were perfect BUT the lady did it too tight/hard and left open sores on my skin. She literally snapped out chunks of skin in the process of threading. Not only was it painful then, but now as well. I have a big event to attend later this week and now I have these small scabs around my brows on both sides. Owww! Never going here again!
2	I usually go to the one on the lower level. They're hit and miss, there's a few chicks that actually do a good job. personally I feel like if they're getting paid for it they should be doing a good job and when you point out their mistake they  deny and get all offended. I knew I shouldn't have trusted someone with so much hair on their lip to do a simple clean up on my brows. After just getting home and looking at my brows more I really shouldn't have paid. It's her job, she should be doing it right. I'm one pissed customer right now this is the worst they've ever messed up, I'm definitely finding a new place to get them done from here on out.
