3	I'm didn't think I was really a Dress Barn kind of shopper. I was in a pinch for a decent, somewhat conservative cocktail style dress for a wedding and NYE party I was attending. I was on a SUPER budget and in a major time crunch. It was close to the holidays and I was doing everything in my power to avoid a mall (Fashion Show and Galleria) and avoid Town Square. I was feeling quite anti-crowd you could say. I came into Dress Barn (Located in the Aroyo Crossing shopping center near Michael's and Famous Footwear) after unsuccessful trips to Marshalls, Ross and TJ Max, thinking, "Oh what the heck, it's worth a shot." I was pleasantly surprised by several things. First, the cleanliness of the store and the availability of product. I thought the shelves would be empty and the store wrecked, that was not the case. Second was the quality of the clothing. Much to my surprise I found some really cute stuff, AND, they had sizes that fit me in stock! The prices were pretty decent, and the quality of the clothes was equally decent. The staff who helped me in the dressing room and during check out were not overly friendly, but they did handle the job. Wow Dress Barn, I was surprised and impressed! I guess I might need to come in here every once in a while to check out their every day and work clothes. I though Dress Barn was for "moms" turns out I was wrong. It's ALSO for young adults (just avoid the mom type stuff)! Hmmm...who'd of thunk it!
3	Hmm, I never really had any desire to walk into a Dress Barn before. The name really doesn't seem to scream trendy and hot looking women's wear, but I was in the area and thought I'd give them a try. They have a lot of variety and the clothes were lot nicer looking than I was expecting. They also have a great variety of sizes available for any shape and size, which is nice. I didn't end up purchasing anything, but I did enjoy perusing their accessories and clothing for some time. The sales staff was friendly as well. They offered me their assistance regularly, but also allowed me to shop without bothering me too much, which is important to me.
4	Came for stockings, but they had just sent them off to the Boca store, staff offered to double check the back, then called when they didn't find them to verify that they had arrived. Great service!
4	Love their dresses! They have a lot of nice trendy styles. I am always able to find something I like.
