4	The base is located in the Ghetto so that is the negative. But, on the base there are several resources for the AF member and the families. As far as entertainment goes then off base is probably your best bet. They have a BX, commissary, post office, two banks, a hospital, cdc, yc, and two gas stations and many more accommadations such as hotels.
5	Great base for Military members!! All the events as well as the Air Show (which you don't need to be military to come too) Is one of my highlights every year!! The people are usually nice but you must slow down while on base... 25 is the max for most areas housing is 15... Also when approaching the gate it is 15mph...they now have radar dectors at the gate...( i know beacuse they told my hubby he was going 35 in a 15 and to slow down) hahaha But yes all in all I love this base and all the activites they offer :D
4	I've been frequenting Nellis AFB since I was a small child. As long as I can remember I've had access to the base because my father is retired military (now). I've seen this base go through many, many changes as Generals have come and gone.Overall I think the base is pretty nice. They are building a new gym, there's a golf course, pretty good, nothing spectacular though. There is also a bowling center, movies and a few fast food places.The BX and Shoppette are nicely located and provide decent shopping. The commissary has been remodeled a few times from what I can remember, and it does its job of being a place to get groceries.I personally enjoy the planes you can walk by and look at by the entrance off of Nellis. Also, you can get discounted tickets to Vegas shows and theme parks from the base which is pretty cool.
4	I love shopping here, much better than the local grocery stores.  This is my main reason for going out here.
4	Great value for us as military retirees! We stayed at the Warrior Inn. Played all three courses at Sun Vista Golf Course and went into town each night to catch a show! A win-win for us!!  *The beds in the Warrior Inn were beyond uncomfortable! Time to update them!
4	Nellis is a bit of a hike for me, I rarely come here,just for doctor appointments and to visit with friends.This base however is pretty good, the A&FRC offers support for not only just deployed airmen but to unaccompanied tours as well, which was a big help to me! The BX here is really nice, I wish they'd ID more people though, there were a LOT of people that should have not been using the BX, but whatever. I like the furniture store, but in true AAFEES fashion, its over priced and 100$ for delivery. The Commisarry is great, if I didn't live closer to Creech, I would shop here more often, maybe as gas prices continue to drop, I'll shop here more often. Great prices for meat and produce. I wish they'd limit the coupons here, these coupon hoarders come through here to clear out shelves.All in all, this base is one of the better assignments we've had, hopefully more is come!
