4	Knowledgeable staff, very informative about many things.  Good stock of items, it looks like they don't carry anything other than quality merchandise.I had a 2pm appointment and got there a little early and they were able to accommodate me.  When we first called them to find a price estimate on an install they gave us all the information we needed with a pretty accurate quote.I was very satisfied with the experience and the service.  It's been a couple of days since the installation and our unit is still working perfectly.  Nice clean install, I would definitely use them again.
5	super happy with the audio system installed inside my http://www.freegun.com company van. Those guys at SS audio are the best in the business. Great prices and awesome customer service. I'm going back again with another company vehicle.
5	Josh from Detroit was Great, and answered ALL of my questions I had. I called in and asked him AROUND how much if would be for an AMP and SUB, and BASS KNOB to be hooked up to an ISUZU AXIOM? He told me around $200. I made the appointment because he knew what he was talking about and they happen to sell JL audio amps there as well. When I arrived I was greeted with a friendly guy. This was JOSH. I told him I might be looking for door speakers in the future as well and he showed me the selection they had. NO PRESSURE what so ever. We listened to the speakers and then I told him I"ll think about it and that was it. I left and 90 min later, they were all done. The bill was $185 and he was awesome. Told he it sounded great and I told him I would be back if I needed anything else. These guys are there for you, and WILL help you out. I know VERY LITTLE about car stereo and he didnt try and "RIP ME OFF" or upsell me things that I DON'T NEED. THANKS JOSH AND SS AUDIO for a professional, personal experience. I'll let everyone know where to go! Arrived a stranger, left a friend! Thanks Again for being real people!
5	Great place, offered help and really work with me...
5	Detroit Josh and the guy who goes by no name are fantastic. I called with no appointment at 3pm and they managed to squeeze me in and stay a little late to accommodate me. My Tacoma sounds great. I has a Bluetooth mic, new stereo, and speakers put in. These guys are pros and down to earth. Very fair and they do great work. Pay the little extra and have your rig sound right.
5	I remembered SS Audio from awhile back when I searched online for a reputable place to install an ipod adapter for my IS. They did a good job and for a reasonable price. I was glad to find out they were still in business at the same location.This time around I wanted to get a navigation unit for my Civic. Josh & Andy were great in helping myself make a decision on what exactly to get. Some parts had to be ordered. When they were ready, I made an appointment to stop in and get it done. It took about 3hrs while I cruised in their waiting area.There was a minor glitch with the car menu not working on the steering wheel controls. All I had to do was come back in and they took care of it, no problem.
5	I brought my 1993 Lexus SC400 in for a head unit replacement, and I brought in a head unit, mounting kit, and harness that I'd ordered online. Since my car had the Nakamichi system in it, my research indicated that integrating a new head unit may require some soldering in addition to the harness I bought, in order to keep the amp and sub. When I emailed Andy, he was highly knowledgeable and fully aware of what might need to be done with my system, he could explain to me clearly how he might do it, and he was willing to do the soldering if necessary.It turned out that no soldering was needed, but another part was required to fully integrate the new head unit with my 6 speakers + amp + sub. Andy charged very little for the part and had it in stock. The job was done in a few hours and everything was perfect. My system works perfectly and looks beautiful.I did not have any up-sell or additional services/items pushed on me. Andy explained that my front door speakers were blown and the rest sounded ok, which is true. He said the speakers would need replacement but wasn't pushy about it at all. I highly recommend SS Audio to anyone for anything they do. I am confident they are reputable people who will treat customers with respect and professionalism.
