5	Nestled in an easy to miss corner of the almost dead of weekdays Kitchener Market, it's easy to miss. It's one of those places you hear about from a friend of a friend, one those tiny hole in wall bars with the best food, or mysterious restaurants with only a single table for two that you hear talked about every now and then but no one knows where it is. That's the kind of place Breadbaron is: a real hidden gem.Breadbaron is a sandwich counter at the Kitchener Market. Quiet, unassuming, you wouldn't give it a second glance if you passed it by, but if you did stop, if by some random chance you did decide to grab a sandwich boy are you in for a treat.Made by classically trains chefs, Breadbaron has fantastic sandwiches. Their bad days result in merely good sandwiches and their good days? Well, their goods days are something to be experienced.The one thing you really need to understand is that Breadbaron makes their sandwiches from scratch. I don't mean they buy their ingredients from from some bulk supplier and slaps them together, I mean if they made any more of it they'd be filling chicken troughs with feed and forging cast iron.They source all their ingredients locally, vegetables and meats from local farms and their own gardens, cheeses from low volume regional craftsmen, and more, but this isn't something like picking up a pack of meat from the store. No, they cure their own bacon, smoke their own brisket, they turn huge slabs of meat into those things we'd recognize in a store. When you get a sandwich from Breadbaron you aren't getting something anyone could throw together, you're getting something really unique.That's the kind of place Breadbaron is.Forget decor, forget atmosphere, if you're looking for a really good sandwich, and trust me you are, then checkout Breadbaron.
5	You haven't had a sandwich until you try one of the bread baron sandwiches!  I went with a friend and we shared the Pulled Brisket Reuban and the Tom Yum Chicken Salad.  So delicious and full of flavours.  The soup also great and it was only an additional $2 with a sandwich purchase!  They change up their sandwiches every so often.  Plus they do offer delivery with a min of 6 sandwiches.  The owners are super friendly and helpful.  Check out the pics that I've posted.  I will definitely be returning to this place!
5	Great soups and sandwiches made with local ingredients. Whether vegetarian or a bacon aficionado, they will have something for you. Seriously, they make their own bacon, which is amazing and tastes unlike anything else you've tried. Prices are reasonable too, given the quality of the ingredients. They also have a old-school Nintendo so you can play hits from back in the day while your lunch is made!While their menu is limited, it's in the market so there are other options right there. If you want a sandwich and your friend wants papusas, then you'll both be happy at the market.
5	Really good sandwiches here! I decided to grab something quick after shopping at the Kitchener market and the Breadbaron Sandwich counter caught my eye. Their menu is small, but they execute their items well! I tried out the B.B (brown butter) squash sandwich today. So good! I can't wait to go back and try the other sandwiches out.
5	I could go on at lengths about the fresh and locally sourced ingredients, and the inspired creations on their ever-changing menu. Everything, from the mayo to the bacon, is made in-house. Any food that comes across the counter is fine-dining quality, but this gem is tucked away in the very casual environment of the Kitchener Market. These two chefs have taken their combined talents and years of training, and redefined what can be done with sandwiches.Go here and eat just once. I promise that you will find yourself going back again and again.
4	Yup. Pretty much what everyone else said!Kimcheek sandwich is always my go to. They say they change up their menu, but the few times we've been, sandwiches have been the same. Love that their sandwich wrapper has a coupon for a dollar off your next sandwich!
