5	The staff is friendly and knowledgable and the sales on stationary are always welcome.  Lots of specialty papers to purchase by the sheet or in packs of 25 or 50, with matching envelopes.  Oh so easy to give just the right touch to my correspondance.Even when they are swamped with business the staff is always ready to lend a hand or help with a jammed machine.When my puter is down I rent one of theirs for just $10 and hour with printing priveleges.
5	I've been here twice, and I've yet to be disappointed.I've been to my fair share of Kinko's (now called FedEx Office, I guess?) and usually the service is... average. Not bad, per se, but just kind of lacking.NOT the case here! Each time I've been here, I've received absolutely stellar service. Seriously, if all companies could bottle the work ethic found at this FedEx, we would NEVER have customer service problems ever again.The first time I came, I came in just before they closed with an emergency copy job for an important interview the next day. They saved my butt! Not only did they do it for me, they did it with a smile and chatted with me the whole time. Very friendly and professional.Today I went in, planning on just making a couple (non-emergency) copies by myself... right when I walked in, a friendly face greeted me and, while I told her I didn't mind making the copies myself, she told me she'd be happy to do it, and in a fraction of the time it would have taken me.I wasn't able to send my mail, unfortunately (note: FedEx does not ship to PO Boxes) BUT the service was wonderful and the lady who worked with me was very pleasant.I really could not ask for quicker or more pleasant service... for all you ASU West people, definitely take advantage of this FedEx/Kinko's! They're probably a lot faster and, price-wise, comparable to the library ;)
5	I can always count on Kinko's FedEx for all my business needs !When the computer printer at home is acting up and I need an important document printed Kinko's is always there.  Internet access is only like 20 cents a minute and to print one page is like 35 cents.Have to make copies?  10 cents a copy and the machines are quick!Need to FedEx something?  You have until 515PM.Great location and very nice employees.
1	Please go here if you want a rude front desk clerk, have them tell you to REPACK your stuff IN THEIR BOXES as you obviously are too stupid to do it yourself and then have them charge you enough to ship it all over again.  RUDE.  Never going here again.  Hispanic short heavy set woman at front counter is a waste of $9.00 an hour.Wish her the best at Mcdonalds.  UPS for me consider me a fed-EX.Oh just read another review with same issue.  Me thinks there may be a THEME. RUN TO UPS or at least another FEDEX store.
