3	Pet Club recently opened nearby. This is really convenient for me, since the nearest PetSmart  is a few miles down the road. So, it's nice to have a place we can go to and grab something for the dog that is close to our house. Pet Club is fine, they have a nice selection of food, snacks, toys, and almost anything you need for your pet. Now it's nothing like PetSmart, but it's nice not to have the big box store in your area. Every time we come in, we are greeting and the staff is willing to help us right away. This location is always clean, and did I say it was nearby??
1	Horrible!!! Not environment friendly. Rude. Will not accept phone app coupons even though theirs is on there. Must be printed out. Bad on me for being green and not wanting to waste paper and ink.
3	I was really happy to see another place open up that is really close to my home and sells the brand of dog food we feed our dog  otherwise  I have to drive all the way to Petco to buy it and spend more  money  on top of that.  Petsmart  doesnt  carry it at all. The first few times  was fine got my dog's food. Customer  service could be better but i can deal with it if they carry the food  my dog eats.I go in on a Tuesday and the shelf is empty. I ask if they have it in the back. They are out but expecting a shipment that night. I go back the next day after work. Still dont have it. I ask again. They wont get it until Friday. My dog is now out of food so i buy one of the small bags to hold her over till then. I go in on Friday after work. Shelf STILL emty. I ask again. They are waiting to get it on the next shipment which he didn't tell me what day that would be but i didn't  ask either  because at this point im a little  annoyed. Guess i will drive to Petco This place is good when they have what you need in stock.
1	Very disappointed with one of the female employees. Very rude and just flat out nasty! My kids were looking at the baby chicks and she walked up and snapped at them which was completely uncalled for! Both the younger males working there were so nice and helpful! I definitely will not be back!
1	The manager Sarah Tracey has been so incredibly helpful and has one of the best run stores in the valley.  She has taken wonderful care in getting in all the horse feed and supplements for the horse community in the area.  She took the time to acquire the knowledge needed to make recommendations on the feed and teach her employees.  I am regular at this store and have never seen the moral of the employees so happy and helpful because of such a wonderful manager.  I have 12 horses and I buy all of my bagged feed at this store and I spend a greater of $1000 a month here supporting this store because of this manager.  I have recommended this store to many in my community because of her.  I am extremely UPSET and DISAPPOINTED that she is no longer there.  What a tremendous loss!!!  I know all of us will be very concerned as to what is going to happen to this store with Tractor Supply and CAL Ranch moving into the area.  She made sure all our needs were met.  I have no confidence now in the new manager.  You stand to lose a ton of customers over this!  If not your employees as well.  She was very well liked by everyone!! I am a VERY UNHAPPY customer.  I put this post on their page on Facebook and they removed it!  Says a lot about how they care about their customers!  Looks like I will be spending my money somewhere else!!
1	I was very happy when Pet Club told me that they would start to expand their horse section several months ago.They did that and more, they exceeded my expectaions.Every one of the employees were knowledgeable in Horse feed and they always were more than willing to listen to my needs and try to get whatever I was feding..Sara as a manager did an incredible job at keeping the shelves stocked so that I was never made to wait for anything. I own 4 horses and 2 are competition horses so their care and feeding is very important to me. I was spending about $4-600 a month there.  I went in tonight to get my regular supplies only to see the stock was very low and some items not even available..After speaking to an employee who was very apologetic I asked to speak with Sara to see what happened.I was told Sara was no longer working there and she had been replaced by a new manager. So I walked to the back office to inquire as to what the problem was and was met by Megan,the new manager.You know what they say about first impressions? Yea you only have one chance and this girl blew it big time..Not a smile,not a Hi how can I help you just a comment "yea I'm the manager".      OK so I asked her about the lack of feed and her comment was "I didnt place that last order,I'm new here" I dont know why we're out but I can order what you need"..No thats not going to work..I cant wait until the order comes in,whenever that might be.I cant run out of feed. Then I asked her about getting in oats and her answer was the same, I'll order some.OK I asked her what kind was she ordering and she said " I dont know, I dont know anything about horse feeds, just dog and cat"...Really??? So my question now amoung others is why is a person who knows nothing about horses a manager of a store that started catering to the horse owners in Waddell, and there are a lot of us. Waddell is Horse property.     Pet Club, you've made a huge mistake by getting rid of Sara and now I understand employees are leaving..Employees that took great pride in providing customer service, something your new manager has no concept of.      I worked as a gate agent for UA at O'Hare for many years and I can darn sure tell you all about customer service..Starting with Megans answer "I didnt place the last order" Not the right thing to say..what would have been appropriate was..I'm sorry we're out of what you need,let me call some other stores and see if we can get them or I'm sorry we're out of your product,let me see what I can do to help..Just 2 ways she could have responded.   Its very apparent Megan is lacking in the skills that are needed to not only run a good store but to keep your customers coming back. So my suggestion to you is before you take her and educate her in horse feed and equipment,train her in Customer Service and how to treat your customers or you wont have many for very long.   I will try one more time to see if anythying has improved but from the looks of it now its not going to happen. They have stopped selling chicks, they will no longer have baled Alfalfa or Bermuda grass and who knows what will be next to go.  You are not the only place to buy feed and I'm sure you know that. Tractor Supply isnt that much further and sadly I see you customers leaving one by one. I'm not the only one who feels this way  Do yourself a huge favor and get rid of Megan!!! She's a definite detriment to that store!
