3	Decent nightclub in Montreal but far from great; It's located right near McGill and the Peel subway stop, which makes it a pretty popular spot. After paying a small cover fee, we proceeded to walk in and noticed that the crowd was actually older than we were. People seemed in their 30s for the most part here.The music was adequate, playing both new and old school stuff and the service at the bar was actually pretty fast which was nice. The price of the drinks was typical for most clubs. I've been to better clubs in Montreal and this one lacks anything special that would make me want to go back to be honest... Decent but far from great.
3	Spinning classic 80's and 90's music all night.
5	This is the best bar/club I've ever been to.  I'm not going to claim it's the best place I've ever been to, but it is definitely up there.  I felt a sense of euphoria from the second I walked in to the second I left.The music is great - hot 90s dance music all night long.  Whoomp There It Is!  The patrons are very happy and love to dance.  It's crowded, but no so packed that one can't bust a move.The drinks are reasonably priced and the service is speedy.I went on back-to-back nights during my recent trip to Montreal.  During both nights A COBRA WAS LOSE IN THE CLUB!  It's a good thing there were plenty of announcements to that effect.
2	An experience is always personal, so I have to preface my review by saying that my rating reflects my personal preference:I was disappointed because I was promised 80s music. I remember the 80s - very well - and the music here was the blandest of 80s pop overlaid with an added techno-style monorhythmic beat. Which didn't really make me want to get up and get down.Otherwise, it was not too expensive, and seemed to be popular. By midnight, it was packed and everyone seemed to be having a really great time. With people in shorts and flip flops, it reminded me of some vacation club disco back in the day.Personally, I wouldn't go back, but if you're looking for somewhere with ambiance, not too pricey, right downtown, and you're ok with the music, this is probably a safe bet.
