4	One of my favourite things about Edinburgh is Lothian Buses.  The bus services that they run across the city are unmatched, and it is one of the best bus providers that I have come across in the UK.  They have three city centre travel shops, which provide information about all of the services that they offer, and I visited the one on Waverley Bridge.I went in as I needed to purchase a Ridacard - a card which you can pay for a period of time, whether it is a week, month, or year and get unlimited travel on their buses during this period.  Staff were quick and efficient in providing me with the form I needed to fill, taking a photo for the card there and then, and producing the card itself.  All in all, the process must have taken around 10 minutes.The shop is well stocked with timetables and all of the information you could possibly need for bus travel in and around Edinburgh.  There was also a selection of information for tourists, and during the time I was there, a number of tourists came in asking for directions, which the staff were happy to provide.This travel shop is a great reflection of a superb bus company.  Once the trams are up and running, they will be able to add another string to what is already a pretty large bow.
4	If you're coming from Princes Street, the shop can be a little hard to spot, but there aren't many places on the bridge it could be so you're bound to find it eventually. It's well-stocked with timetables of all Lothian routes and well-staffed with friendly, courteous employees ready to assist you.I bought a four-week Ridacard and it was a very quick and painless procedure. Fill out form, take picture, pay while the card prints and voila - you're good to ride! Very efficient. I'm almost looking forward to returning in four weeks to top up.
4	i was actually at the travel shop on hanover street, but this doesn't appear to have a page on yelp :(  however customer service and available items are the same across all lothian bus travel shop sites!  so here goes the review....monday night, exhausted after a long non stop day at work where my to do pile literally grew by the hour, i arrived at the lothian bus travel shop to renew my bus pass for another 4 weeks.  as i approached the shop i could not believe it but the queue was almost literally out the door!!!!  this actually almost made me turn away but since i need a bus pass to get to and from work i grumpily joined the queue and started immediately twittering my annoyance...however, no rant was actually needed.  there were only two women that were working behind the counter, but thanks to some amazing customer service it was probably less than ten minutes til i was the front of the queue!  i happily jumped up to the counter, handed my pass over (another 4 weeks please) and paid and then marched myself out the door.  seriously though, the queue kept growing as i was waiting and was just as long when i left as when i came in and these two women behind the counter never stopped being friendly, polite, and smiling.  they did their best to keep the queue moving and to keep everyone happy.  i was very impressed and grateful that my wait time was kept to a minimum.  in fact i even heard the woman apologise to a customer for the long wait, nice touch!it's good to know that even at a bus shop where people have to go to get or renew their bus passes, customer service is still a high priority.  well done lothian buses, i ride you with pride and customer satisfaction!!
4	Really helpful staff...The bus passes are helpful...Edina travel needs!
4	Great little shop! Always has helpful staff, just feel bad for them because their air conditioner always seems to be broken. Go here if you need any help getting around the city or anything. If you need a bus pass that needs a photo go to the train station or Princes st mall if you don't have a passport photo .
