4	A-OK in my book. I was looking for a simple storage unit to store some things for work and these guys were the first to pop up close to my place in Dilworth. Really not far at all and easy to find. The service was utterly friendly and, honestly, couldn't have been nicer...I mean...come on. It's a storage unit and annoying paperwork. Not exciting at all, but the woman behind the counter was rather friendly. Easy enough to get in and out of, too. They give you a personalized code for the gate, you can pull up to your unit, etc. Prices are fair, annoying that you have to purchase insurance, and the doors require certain locks. Willing to play ball with all of that? This place will be a breeze for you, too, then.
5	I am giving this storage  facility a 5 star rating based on several things. I had Excellent customer service from a lady named Monica who was very helpful and  understanding over how stressful moving was. She made my experience quick and efficient  because I was on a very short time frame.  All the storage units are on  ground level and outside which makes it very easy to load and unload. Also  there is a high security fence that you get your own individual  pass code to. Overall, my experience was  refreshing and I would certainly rent a storage unit from this location again!!! Thank you so much,Best,Chelsea
4	This place is turning into my second home. Maybe I should just move into my storage unit... it would be cheaper than my rent...I inherited said storage unit from the bearded wonder himself Mr. Benjamin G. Hi Ben, we miss you! (even though I talk to you almost every day hehe)We went through the process of switching the unit over into my name. This required double team action in the ATL and here. I must say, it was all a pretty smooth process. And the service... outstanding. Rita couldn't have been any nicer. While filling out all the paperwork, she kept saying thank you for your patience and apologizing. Really friendly. I also witnessed as a lady walked in and Rita handed her a listed of apts/townhomes for rent (the lady is looking to move). So sweet. I love that the units are gated and under video surveillance. The gate has a keypad... just enter your code to get in and out. You can also set up your account to auto-draft so you don't have to worry about missing a payment.Bonus: the place is 5 minutes from my house. Not that Ben had any control over that... but it's one of my favorite things about the place. But in all seriousness, this is a super convenient location on South Blvd.
