3	This place is super cute, the staff is super friendly, but the food and drinks are super ok. I really want to like this place, I do, but the food is mediocre. I will admit though, everything is cheap and reasonably priced so if I wanted cheap and quick asian food I would go here again. The rice bowls are decently good, and the thai-styled burger was actually fairly delicious; however their thai tea was disappointing. The boba also tasted weird and mushy, not how other boba normally tastes. Don't knock this place until you try it though, this is just my opinion and the restaurant is still in its infancy :) I will definitely try this place again in the future to see if it improves!
5	OMG!  We just found  our new Thai spot! Food was more than spectacular, the service amazing and right around the corner from our house. If you like to explore new places ,this should be on your to - do list.
4	This is a new restaurant that is located very close to work so we had to try it out for lunch. It's a little difficult to get to and when we walked in the decor was a bit odd but the food is really good!! I ordered the candy chicken and my friend the curry chicken. They both had the right amount of spice and very flavorful. The employees were also very friendly. I am definitely going back because I want to try the Pho. Oh and they are very reasonably priced.
3	This place has potential, and I hope they will do good in their business. I ordered a coconut soup, temple of fire (fried rice), Kimow (clear noodle), and a Thai tea. The coconut soup didn't taste too bad overall, however, it was over sweetened. It tasted like sweet coconut milk mixed with other staff.The temple of fire is way too spicy ( I love spicy food and I'm from Szechuan), but I couldn't handle the fried rice here. It gave me stomachache. The Kimow was average, a lot of noodles but minimum meat. The Thai tea was so sweet, I felt I was drinking syrups. The restaurant only has small round tables for two, Not convenient for group of three or more. It would be great if they allowed their customers to select spicy level (mild, median, hot, Thai hot etc.), otherwise it's too risky to order spicy dishes. I would get to go dishes from here, the actually dine/in portion is smaller other Thai restaurants' dishes anyway.
4	Good food very mediocre service. I LOVE the candy chicken. The soup is great too. That's about all I've tried but my friends have ordered other things and had very positive things to say. The staff is very friendly but not the most competent. It took a very long time for someone to take my order at the drive thru and an oddly long time to get my food. Another time when I walked in for take out, it seemed like a bunch of the staff's friends were just hanging out and it made ordering a little awkward bc they weren't paying attention to the customers. And they got my order wrong that time. I ordered mochi, but they gave me a slushi thing. I wasn't that angry though, because it turned out to be delicious. So go for awesome, inexpensive, easy food, but don't expect the same level of amazingness from the service. Just be patient and all will be well.
3	The prices are right for the food they serve. I love the decor. And their drink menu is good. Lives up to be a good little Asian diner, overall. It's new business so hopefully they improve.I would get everything besides the ramen. Doesn't really taste like ramen because the noodles aren't ramen noodles and the soup is just full of seasoning instead of actual broth.Thoughts on improvement: 1. A sign by the sidewalk. You can miss the entrance to the parking lot very easily at night 2. Probably could use a waitress to see if the customers need anything. There was one person doing everything from orders, bringing out food to basically... everything.
5	They have drive thru and are fairly quick for cooking pad Thai! Definitely recommended!
5	Great local Asian food in old town that doesn't cost a ton and has great portions for price! Staff was very friendly and accommodating! Try the candy chicken bowl w jasmine rice! It has a lot of chicken and just the right amount of sauce! I will definitely be returning and trying the coconut water...in a coconut!
5	I am a return Peace Corps volunteer from Thailand, which, for better or worse, has made me a Thai food snob. I had the Thai basil stir fry (pat gra-pap) and the drunken noodles (pat kee-Mao). Both were very delicious and when I asked the owner for Thai style she made sure to spice it up with Thai chillies (prik kee nuu). They both had the perfect balance of spiciness, saltiness and sweetness that you should expect from Thai food. The food was very reasonably priced and the owner/cook was out taking to the patrons which made it an overall great experience.
5	This place is amazing.  Food is fresh and tasty with great Thai flavors.  Old Town really need a place like this.  I love the Wild Boar Grapao, Dragon Eggs, Fresh Rolls with the amazing peanut chilli sauce.  My family has also tried the Candy Chicken and my son said it's out of this world good.  The Holy Basil is melt in your mouth delicious.  We can't stay away.  Five stars to the great staff too.
4	Peanut Chicken was delicious!My wife's Yellow Curry Beef was too hot but it was tasty....next time we'll know to request mild.
