5	I am not in the tattoo scene but I had an excellent experience here when I got my first (and only so far) tattoo. I read some bad reviews about the location on Apache but maybe I got lucky with a great artist. If you are going to go I would recommend Trini. I brought him a very small and not so good picture from a magazine and he was able to sketch it in about 5 minutes and had an excellent tattoo on my shoulder in under an hour. He even gave me a break on the price since it was my first one. Very cool guy. My wife also got her ear pierced in a kind of a weird location that we heard could get infected often. She had no problems with infections ever and every time we were in the area we would stop by and they would clean it and make sure it was healing OK for free. I will be going there to get my next tattoo as soon as I find the next thing worth putting on my body forever.
5	I got another tattoo a few weeks ago on my forearm. Once again excellent service, friendly staff, great artistry. Everything healed perfectly and it looks great.
5	Several months ago, I competed in my first Ironman.  For those of you who don't know, it's a race consisting of a 2.4 mile swim, 112 mile bike, and 26.2 mile run.  It's tough.  It took me 9 months of blood, sweat, and tears (literally) to train.  It's kind of a big deal.  Anywho.... I asked one of my Ironman friends for a recommendation and she sent me here.  I came in on a Thursday and was welcomed and greeted right away.  Points for this, since I don't have black hair or lots of piercings/tattoos.  I explained what I wanted, put down a deposit, and made an appointment for the next day.Friday came, and I went in for my appointment with Jon.  Since it's a simple symbol he was familiar with, it was easy for him to pull it up on the computer and adjust it to what I wanted.  Several minutes later we went into a private room, I got comfortable, and we were off.  Twenty minutes later we were done and I was happy.  Two weeks later it's looking pretty good and I love showing it off!  I recommend this place and will return if I want to get it touched up!
5	I think this place is great.  I've gotten 2 out of my 3 Tattoo's here and would tell anyone looking to get some done that this is the place to go.It's super clean, you get a private room to get your art done, everyone is super friendly and welcoming and all the artists that work here have to have had at least 2 years experience prior to being an employee.  I personally see Trini, he is awesome.  He has been doing this for 18 years and is super calm and good natured so he puts you at complete ease before and during your piece.  My tattoo's have both healed (he didn't do my first one) wonderfully and were done with the most amount of patience for me and consideration.Want to get some Ink done-go here.
2	Alright. I started going to Club Tattoo when I was 15 to get my ears stretched and continued throughout until college years. The piercing stations were super clean and Frank, the guy who worked there at the time, was super friendly and talked me through my first piercing (at the time). No problems there... Then I got older and moved on to tattoos. I came here since I had been coming for awhile already and had a feel for the shop...This is where my experience changed. My tattoo artist (who will remain nameless) was actually pretty cool and made me feel comfortable and everything was rad... Until a few months down the road. The areas around the tattoos started to break out and it started spreading to the rest of my skin around my tattoos. To save lots of typing and explaining, after a few doctor visits it was concluded that the cause of the rash was from "dirty needles" as my doctor put it... After many more painful visits to the doctor the rash was finally removed and kicked from my system. A few years later my girlfriend at the time came here for a tattoo as well and ended up also getting some sort of rash around her new tattoo. The shop has a good rep due to the ownership but I would advise people to go else where. Club Tattoo is sort of like the "Wal-Mart" of tattoo shops in the area... but its not cheaper. You can get just the same tattoo but even better, for cheaper anywhere else. Do your research before you get some ink.
5	I love Club Tattoo. I get all my body jewelry and piercings. Their piercers, Frank and Head are great. I would recommend Club Tattoo to anyone that is looking for a place to get tattooed or pierced. All the staff members are friendly, kind and very helpful. Plus they give out free stickers and monsters.
5	This place is great. I make a habit of not reviewing a place until I've been there at least three times, and this afternoon marked my third visit, which was just as marvelous as the first two.Now, I'm not a mod junkie and I haven't got any tattoos (yet). I'm just a girl who wanted to get her traguses pierced. So, a year and a half ago, I walked in and asked for just that. The piercer - "Headrick" - was personable, professional, funny and quick. He approved of my decision to have both ears done, as well as pick the largest gem size. When one of the gems fell out during a wild night a year later, I went back to Club Tattoo and they replaced the gem (which I had found and brought with me) for no charge. Again, this was a fast and pain-free process. And then, just this afternoon, I finally got around to going in to have the gems replaced altogether. They had begun to oxidize and turn black. I waited a few minutes in their clean, moderately busy lounge area before it was my turn. Once again, the piercer was a gentleman. He gave me information on how to cure the "bubbles" (hypertrophic scarring) around my piercings and then put in the new gems. And in the end, he didn't even charge me for them, because he said that a customer should feel confident that their jewelry will not tarnish over time, and he wouldn't feel right charging me for what is essentially a "return" of a product (more than a year later!). I was truly shocked and incredibly grateful for his honesty and assistance. I have no doubt about the shit these people have to deal with, being right next to Arizona State's campus: girls who freak out over a nose piercing, entire sororities coming in drunk to have their nipples done, ridiculous bromance tattoos. I have been to piercing shops before that are too arrogant to work on us "commoners," and others where the entirely tatted-out and pierced-to-the-nines employees have intimidated me, but the folks at Club Tattoo have always been cordial, polite, easygoing and a treat to do business with. Truly a great, clean and friendly place.
3	i got my first ever tattoo done from here...CJ Hurtado was the artist and i luved what he did..i had a concept on mind when i went there for the first time...CJ Hurtado listened to me patiently and he said h wud draw up some sketches for me ..a week later when i was back for my appointment , CJ made 2 more changes based on my feedback and we were good to go..It tuk about 1.5 hrs and i luv luv my tattoo...Pros-1. Very neat2. private rooms3. You will feel much better that you would have going to a tattoo place and having to sit outside where the whole world can watch youCOns - 1. Expensive -  i paid $ 250. I think i cud have paid less. The tell you the price before doing the tattoo based on what the artist thunks it wud take..I felt my tattoo turned out smaller and tuk much lesser time2. They make you pay an advance for the artist to actually draw up something..i had to pay $ 50
4	I did not get a tattoo here. I needed H20cean so I stopped by really quick. I wanted to write a review because I really appreciated when the two gentleman smoking cigarettes (I'm assuming they were tattoo artists) opened the door for me as I was walking in. I have to be honest. When I first heard of Club Tattoo I was a little apprehensive. A "chain" tattoo shop? I'm happy to report that both of the locations I have been into to get pierced or purchase something have been fantastic. I wish I had checked them out sooner. I will definitely come back here to get tattooed or pierced in the future.
5	Went in again this weekend and saw Headrick for the third time. I had lost one of my tragus earrings and needed it replaced. He did so in no time, taking extra care to make sure the piece would fit securely. Chatted happily with my friend and I while I picked out my jewelry. Can't recommend him highly enough! Such a nice guy.
5	My mom and I went here to get our ear pierced for our birthdays. Trevor was extremely nice, clean, and informative.
4	I've had an Industrial Bar, a surface piercing and a tattoo from this location. The Industrail Bar hurt like *WHOA* for about the first year - but since it finally healed, it's perfect. It's my favorite piercing. The surface piercing hardly lasted two months. It was angry and red the entire time. No fault to Headrick, the piercer - who took care of me multiple times to try and save the piercing. It was in a bad spot --- he tried to talk me into a dermal anchor, but I wasn't ready for that kind of commitment yet.  After finally removing the piercing for me, even gave me a "hook up" or 50% discount on dermal anchors once it healed (I never used it!) The Tattoo... is fine. I've put on a crap ton of weight, so It's sort of sucks now - but that's my fault.  I can't recall the guy who did it - but he was sort of arrogant but I was an 18 year old snot getting a tramp stamp so yeah. So It's a pretty clean, consistent, and a pretty good deal.
5	Great Place! Decided to get my navel pierced, came to this place & The piercer was great. I was apprehensive at first, but he made itWent & had my helix pierced, LOVE plaid! Best piercer I've had
5	I love love love the tattoo I just had done by Ray Sanchez.  He combined themes/images from several inspiration photos I gave him.  The result is vibrant, personalized, and beautiful.  The tattoo took 4 hours to complete, including a few pain breaks and additional consultations on placement and coloring.  Loved the attention to detail and the care that he put into giving me exactly what I wanted.
1	When I went yesterday, I just needed a new hoop put into my preexisting nose piercing. When he tried to put in the hoop, he didn't bother to sanitize my nose first. Then realizing the hoop didn't fit, he decided to stretch the hole, also without sanitizing the two needles he put through my nose. Needless to say, the piercing is completely swollen and infected now. I realize that I should have said something but I personally figured there would have been standards they followed. Lesson learned.
4	Not the warm  and fuzzy greeting you hope for, but expect.  I went in to get my dermal anchors removed.  FRANK is amazing...professional, gentle and talks you through it.  Go see Frank for any piercing need.
4	The Rural Road location is well-run and very clean. I have to give 5 stars personally to their piercer, Frank. He is magic! I'm pretty sure he came out from the womb with a piercing needle in his hand. I've seen some nice ink done there as well; I had half my half-sleeve done there, but my guy Nic Westfall has moved to Cali, alas. It's best to have an appointment for ink, but for piercings, you can just walk in. Call ahead and see if Frank is there!
1	I chose not to get a tattoo here after my experience during the consultation. I set up an appointment in advance but when I came to my appointment I was told the person was busy with another appointment. I waited until that appointment was over and then I met with the artist. I explained to her I wanted a tattoo on my right leg and she told me the leg would be too painful to do. I already had a tattoo on my left leg, so I did not see what the problem was? A leg tattoo has not hurt me any different from any of my other tattoos. It just seemed like the artist was trying to make excuses to not do my tattoo. In general, it seemed like the tattoo shop had 2 receptionists working and neither of them addressed me when I walked in or offered to help me in any way. I had to approach them to ask about my appointment and how much longer the wait would be, since obviously making an appointment did not seem to guarantee anyone would see me.But the ultimate reason I chose not to continue to work with the artist there, besides her telling me she couldn't do a tattoo on my leg, was because she suggested to me that I should get liposuction. She said it would be a better investment for me to pay for plastic surgery rather than get a tattoo and that I should consider losing some weight before I get any tattoos. I am an average sized person - I would not consider myself overweight and I was insulted she would tell me that I need to get liposuction before she would tattoo me. Customer service is not a priority at Club Tattoo. And my experience with this artist has made me not want to go to any Club Tattoo location for future work.
5	great!
1	They made me wait for at least an hour to purchase an earring.  And failed to give the correct backing and stud. Shame.
5	I like this place so much! The plus side is the pricing. At other places, they'll charge $35 for just one CBR. Here you can get 2 CBRs and a stud for that same price! They also have no problem putting it in for you if you ask. The staff has always been nice & informative on after care! I only come to this place for my piercings!
5	Club Tattoo did an amazing job on my husband's shoulder! We go back in a couple of weeks to finish it up :) Dominic did a great job definitely would recommend him!!!!
