1	This place is filthy.  The doctor I had was completely negligent in correcting a problem she had created.  I found a doctor in Bloomington and had to undergo surgery to correct what was done terribly wrong while I was a patient at Christie Clinic.
4	This is just a review of the facility. Healthgrades is probably way more helpful in determining if any given doctor is all that and bag of pills. You can also Google them or even go to http://www.cccircuitclerk.com/ and see if they are getting sued.The Christie facility is well-designed, in a good location, and well-staffed.  You can park in the main lot or you can park in the Busey lots across University if you are sly about it. MTD gets you there easily, too. You enter in through the main door and go to any of a bank of receptionists on your left in the back by the elevators. Give em your last name and your co-pay and they'll send you up to see the doc with your receipt. For being 'just' receptionists, these folks are remarkably helpful and knowledgeable about various aspects of the confusing and never fun process of getting medical care. They make it (ahem) as painless as possible. You are not alone, after typing that last one I hate myself too.Anyway, with receipt in hand, head to the elevators and find your doc on one of the upper floors. I have never waited long at Christie Clinic, either in the waiting room or in the exam room, but there are TVs tuned to depressing daytime programming in case you do. Take care of biz w/ your doc and you're off. If you were given a script, the pharmacy next to the door is fast, well-stocked and seemingly pretty cheap.
3	I don't go to the doctor all that often but when I need convenient care and don't want to argue the efficacy of antibiotics this is the place. My primary is here too and no hassles there either. Watch out though because they run their employees through some weird Orwellian cult crap so they will do all they can to make the doctors rich. "Building wealth" is a frickin pillar of their values. Just an FYI.
1	I saw Dr. Samuel-Parks at the Mahomet location to discuss weight loss medication. I am a veterinarian myself, and I have completed nearly identical medical education to her. I expected some level of professional courtesy, or at the very least not treating me like a layperson. Dr. Samuel-Parks was condescending and dismissive. She told me right off the bat: "I don't believe in diet pills." She patronized me, told me to stop drinking sugary coffee drinks (I don't. I hate them. I drink my coffee black. She just assumed I drink 700 calorie frappes.). She didn't even perform a full physical on me. Then I got a bill for $130 for five minutes of being talked down to and a TPR. I found another doctor who actually listened to me, treated me like an intelligent person, and with a diet and exercise program and a phentermine prescription I've lost 20 lbs.
1	The doctor, Sundaram, is great, the clinic is nice, and the pharmacist is effective...but my review is one star because the one who I talk to most, the nurse Gloria, is the most incompetent nurse ever. She is so bad that I get anxiety talking to her. She makes mistakes, she shows her ego, and she does not care. She gives the cold shoulder and the only reason I contact her is because I do not have a choice. I don't know what crime I committed in the eyes of God to be forced to talk to such evil. I pray you do not get her.
1	My previous review was for Carle Hospital. Not sure how it showed up here. Please fix.
1	Let me start by saying, I have not had a problem with the staff. I have seen Dr. Deem and really liked him. He is very down to earth, understanding, knowledgeable, and comforting. I would highly recommend him as a primary care provider. I have also seen a few nurse practioners here in other departments that I have liked. Unfortunately, my biggest problem is with billing. What I have learned by working in the health field is that most people do not understand billing and health insurance and therefore often times get overcharged. I have only been to Christie Clinic a few times, but I seem to have a billing issue every time I go.  My first appointment I had was a preventative annual physical which should be billed as such in order to have the appointment paid at 100%. There also should not be a co-pay for preventative physicals according to my insurance. However, instead of billing it as an annual physical, Christie Clinic seems to only bill as medical office visits. There is a big difference between the two especially when it comes to payment. I have tried to call to resolve this problem, and all they told me is  "you probably said something during the visit that made it an office visit instead of a physical." Something I said? Really? Even the labs that the doctor ordered for me were labeled as "preventative screening." Even when the doctor entered the room, he said "You're here for an annual physical right?" Yet, apparently I "must have" said the wrong thing during that visit. The other separate issue I had is I went in for an annual pap smear last year. Which was also supposed to be paid 100% because it is preventative screening. Well first of all, the doctor billed the reading of the specimen on a separate day from the actual visit. Therefore, (according to my insurance) it looked as if I made two visits in the same week and therefore my insurance only paid for the first date that they used for billing. If they were billed on the same day like they should have been, I would not have had a bill. On another visit, I had some lab work that came back abnormal. I did not get a phone call, a letter, or any type of response from the clinic, letting me know of my abnormal results. I did not call them myself because they told me that I would not hear back from them unless there was a problem. Therefore, I thought everything was fine. Not only did I not know of a problem in the first place, but they decided to do further testing without even notifying me first. They did further testing on the specimen without my consent. The only way I found out about this further testing and initial abnormal result is from the bill I received 9 months later. Yes, 9 months later. When trying to discuss the bill, they told me that the bill was final and there was nothing that they could do.Not to mention, if you ever ask for paperwork with the diagnosis codes on them, a good majority of the time Christie Clinic uses diagnosis codes for what they are trying to rule out. For example, when trying to rule out multiple sclerosis, they actually DIAGNOSE you with multiple sclerosis even when it has not been confirmed by testing. That's a pretty serious diagnosis if you ask me. I have seen it done with other things too such as myasthenia gravis, pneumonia, seizures, etc. Good thing insurances are not allowed to deny you coverage based on pre-existing conditions anymore...
1	My Doctor, Zabaneh, would get five stars, this is for his support staff.  They suck.  For the last year and a half, my experience goes like this.Schedule appointment.  Get cancelled and rescheduled 3-5 times.  Doc changes my scripts, I call the pharmcy who never got them.  I call the doc multiple times over the next two to two and a half weeks before getting them sent in.  I went without insulin for 5 days the last time and no pain meds for 3.  Today was the last straw.  I love Dr Z but I am moving on after I get this set of scripts right.  At this point, I am three calls into it.. they sent one wrong one and didnt send two they should have.
