4	You'll find that perfect little black satin number to surprise you're boyfriend with at this Scottsdale Fashion Square lingerie store along with hot bras, saucy panties and comfortable sleep wear like the popular PINK collection. Like Shannon said, the prices aren't exactly cheap so be prepared to dish out a little more money for that gem studded-bra. And look out for the massive semi-annual sale where people raid the drawers and racks.In addition to an ample selection of lingerie , the store offers make up and fragrances. I'm hooked on the Love Spell perfume and the cup cake lip gloss. Two must haves in the beauty department!
2	Ew, this place has gotten so cheesy, or has it always been? I went in there to look for a wedding shower gift and was greeted by 2 girls asking what I was there for, what a stupid question... uh underwear? So I  was so overwhelmed with all of the girls running around acting like they wanted to help you and then passing you off to another co-worker so they can help you instead. They never have any small sizes and when you ask them to check on a size or if they have it at another store they tell you to go to the register girl to look it up for you. Whatever happened to personalized service huh? Ok chick ya I know your super busy folding panties but could you help me for a sec, no, go ask another chick, ok cool thanks. And then you walk out the door and have them all say goodbye in unison.
3	The girls in the fitting room were friendly and helpful. It was very busy and small. There isn't much variety. It seems to be priced higher than ones in California. Tax is cheaper in AZ, but not by much.
3	I've been carrying around gift card money at Victoria's Secret (aka Vicky's Secret as my Aunt Marcy calls it) for awhile now.  So, on the last day of 2009, I decided to go spend some of that money and buy something sexy to wear for NYE!Unfortunately, the employees were not helpful at all and the store was a zoo... filled with shoppers because of their sale.  I hunted through and found a few things but didn't have the patience to try stuff on, so I picked out five cute bottoms that were on the 5 for $25 table, a cute night shirt and boy short bottoms, and a couple of other things.  I waited in line and the lady who rang me up tried to sell me on their Angel card.  No thanks I said.  "Are you sure?" She asked and proceeded to tell me all about the wonderful benefits of the Angel Card.  "Not today, thanks" was my reply.Then she told me one of the bottoms I chose was on sale and no longer part of the 5 for $25 deal.  So I went to choose another pair.  When she told me the same thing about another pair, I'd had enough.  I didn't need eight new pairs of underwear... at that point I was annoyed and chose only a few of the original ones I liked.  I couldn't wait to get the hell out of there.Sure, VS is an alright store, but they need to work on their customer service at this location.  They do sell cute stuff but I'm not so sure about the quality.  I'd much rather prefer shopping at a lingerie boutique but VS is more affordable than most cute higher quality boutiques so I'm sure I'll be back to spend the rest of my gift card money another time soon.  I'll hopefully pick a time to go next time that is not as crazy crowded and perhaps maybe even find a different location where the sales people are pleasant to deal with... I'm sure I could find a push-up bra, t-shirt bra, magic this, or special that... I know they sell something for women of all shapes and sizes.  :)Oh, and if you're wondering, I did wear my purchase on NYE and it worked like a charm - for that, I'm bumping up their two stars to three.  Happy new year, Vicky!
3	I am a big victoria's secret fan. I've been to countless stores all over the country...this one is not my favorite. The service is fine, but since they are currently in a pop-up location by Barney's, the selection is extremely limited. I'm hoping that when the regular location by the food court re-opens I will be pleasently surprised. I'd love to see a larger VSX Sport collection available. I love their yoga pants, but they are becoming harder and harder to find!
2	Lines are ridiculously long, cashier girls aren't very nice and each time I've been sized (over the span of 2 months), I was given a wide range of sizes. On the hunt for a reliable and customer-oriented undergarment store...
5	There is always a great selection of styles and lately lots of bathing suits.  There is always someone to help you and they are all very friendly-staff does a great job!  The always present girls in the fitting rooms are awesome, they give you suggestions on sizes and styles if your bra doesn't fit you right-it's like shopping with a friend everytime I go there bc they are so helpful!   The dressing rooms have great lighting, kind of dark and sexy flattering light.  It's thoughtful and convenient that they mark down which bras you liked since there are so many lines now.  Bras range in price but average about $50.  They have some really pretty ones, love the rhinestone embellishments!  I always have a great and pleasant shopping experience here.  The customer service and selection blows Intimacy(bra boutique on same floor) out of the water.  I only wish they had more specials on the bras and sent out more offers!
3	Confession: I go to Victoria's Secret exactly twice a year, for the sales. So I shouldn't be surprised when it's mayhem, should I? You'd think after a while I'd learn to go when things are normal prices and enjoy the peace and quiet, but nooooo. In my defense, once I get home with all my sale goodies, it was totally worth it, it's just in the moment that it seems like a bad idea. The staff are always stressed out during sale season, I feel bad asking them to find me all the different sizes and everything, and some of the other customers can be so rude! I almost got knocked over by this chick in three-inch stilettos with a serious weave. So do as I say, kids, and not as I do, but this year I'm resolved to come in with those coupons they send you at an OFF-sale time and actually have myself a pleasant shopping experience. Plus they might actually have everything I want in stock.
5	We all know the brand "Victoria's Secret."  How could you miss the adverts of women in their underwear with wings?  They have a great product.  What is awesome about the Scottsdale Fashion Square location is the customer service and level of attention to detail.  It can be awkward for a man to walk into a lingerie store to shop for his significant other.  However, the staff here are always super friendly, extremely helpful and definitely above all else, professional.  I appreciate their help and will definitely go back.
1	We were carrying many items around and didn't get offer a shopping bag!!! Terrible services!!
4	employees tend to ask if you need help a little too much. had about 3 different people ask if i need a shopping bag when every time i said no. that got annoying. store could be a tiny bit bigger but what can ya do about it? dressing room help is good and dressing rooms are pretty spacious and big for the actual size of the store.
4	This Victoria Secret is easily accessible within the Scottsdale Fashion Square on Camelback Rd.  I dropped by last summer to pick up some lacy underwear for my then fiance' ( now my wife.)  Asked one of the girls there about hugger mugger products, they said that there was a similar style by VS, so I bought a few pairs.  The space was well laid out and easy to find the sizes & colors that I wanted to purchase.I'll return again soon.  Maybe even for Christmas presents?
1	This store is extremely disappointing. The customer service is awful; every woman employee that I have come into contact with at this location is unbelievably rude, unwilling to help, and/or snooty. The store itself is a pig sty; especially on the PINK side. I had to exchange a pajama set recently, and it was like the end of the world to the cashier. She rolled her eyes and yelled "I have to do a freaking exchange" across the counter to the other cashier, while they both giggled and rolled their eyes. I mean, honestly, has a customer never brought in an exchange before? It took her 2 minutes to exchange the merchandise, (and it's not like they were closing for the night, it was 7PM on a Friday night!) Very disappointed with this location. It's Fashion Square! They really should treat the store and customers with more respect. Next time, I think I'll take the extra 20 minute trip to Chandler Fashion Center.
3	I much prefer VS online, but I will venture into the store to see what cool new Dream Angels bras they have and also to cash in on my mailed VS coupons for free underwear. This store is pretty accessible -- if you come in from the Kona or garage entrance, it's just down to the T and on the left on the second level. The employees are mostly snooty here...sure, I'm not as rail-skinny as Alessandra Ambrosio but I do love VS clothes. Don't look down on customers because we don't look like Adriana Lima! Again, prefer to shop them online but the store is worth it if you need something quickly.
2	Came in late for the Semi-Annual sale and all the pajamas and bras were mixed up in size. Woman working the fitting rooms was extremely weird. She only let us bring in 5 bras at a time and hung the leftover ones awkwardly on the rack. For some reason, she also asked us what our names were without writing theme on the board. How pointless. Line was so slow.
5	This is the best Victoria's Secret I have ever visited. Customer service is always beyond excellent.
3	In a place that should celebrate women's curves and fun play time, I am more annoyed than jumping for joy. But I am a slave to them for my every day go to pieces. I never step in here during their sale; it's like a war zone. Enough said. If you are petite, it is almost a scavenger hunt to find your size because you are fighting with pre-teens vying for the same thing. With that said, I am a big fan of their sports bras and thigh highs. Truth be told, I come here because my initials already grace the expensive real estate that will covet my body.
