4	Great food... Healthy options... Fast service...
3	We ordered to-go.Chicken Katsu plate+ $1 add veggies- Katsu was a little overcooked so inside was a bit dry and the crispy was that hard crisp when it sat too long in the fryer. A Veggie mix consist of cabbage, carrot, zucchinis and broccoli and seem to be fresh since none were overcooked and still have a bit of crunch. Chicken teriyaki plate- the chicken was juicy. I couldn't quite place why the sauce tasted familiar but it came to me later today it tasted just like Yoshida sauce that you can buy at Costco. Plate portions are hearty and also come with choice of mac salad which was decent or a side salad (typical iceburg mix with poppy honey mustard vinegrette) The BF and I shared and had leftovers.Not bad for a quick meal, but I think I will stick with the grilled meats instead of the katsu.
2	I'm a huge fan of teriyaki and being mad, so I thought that Teriyaki Madness would float my boat more than it did. I have been here four times since they have opened at this location and I am genuinely not impressed. Why have I been back three times since the initial visit, you wonder? GOOD COUPONS. I haven't cared to read what other people think regarding Teriyaki Madness' prices. But you can take it from me that this place is NOT cheap. It seems like everything is an additional dollar to add on from making the rice white to brown, the chicken from white to brown, or simply adding vegetables. When I am already paying 8 - 9 bucks for one tray of food, can you blame me for being hesitant to add anything to my already expensive meal??I can complain about the prices all I want, but the fact is : the food itself is mediocre. The chicken katsu is often dry and the teriyaki sauce tastes like many BOTTLED teriyaki sauces (someone else said that their teriyaki tasted like Yoshida's and I CANNOT agree more!!). You can easily leave Teriyaki Madness paying 11 bucks for a single meal and still be somewhat hungry after the plate is empty. Did I mention that the macaroni salad has NO flavor whatsoever??!! I didn't think that anything with mayonnaise could be soooooo bland!The service is just like the food : mediocre. What more can I say? Every single face that works inside Teriyaki Madness says : "I cannot wait to get off of work". Maybe that is normal, maybe it is a problem. You decide.Now that my coupons are expired (or used), I've got to be honest : I have little reason to ever go to Teriyaki Madness again. There is absolutely NOTHING that would entice me to come back to Teriyaki Madness.... even if it IS down the street from my living quarters. Teriyaki Madness ..... "Doing teriyaki a disservice since 2003"
5	It is such a treat to have a healthy option for fast food so close to my house. Don't get me wrong, they have their share of unhealthy items on the menu, but at least you have the choice. My family and I have eaten here twice and both times we were impressed. We've tried: Chicken Katsu- perfectly cooked, still tender and juicy on the inside yet crispy on the outside Orange Chicken- delicious and so crispy when fresh Fried Rice- not greasy at all and the veggies aren't overcooked! Teriyaki Chicken- grilled to perfection Yakisoba- wonderfully seasoned and generously portioned. Spicy Chicken- Cooked to order (mild, medium or hot) grilled chicken in a spicy red sauce. The icing on the cake is that fact that they have outstanding customer service. Before trying the spicy chicken, I was a bit skeptical. The cashier asked for a sample from the kitchen and allowed me to try it first. She also handed my daughter a free water cup when she found it too spicy for her taste buds. From the minute you put your order in, until you are served with your food, the staff make it their goal to see that you are happy. Great food and great customer service are going to keep this place on my rotation.
4	Teriyaki Madness is my guilty pleasure. It basically serves up my ideal meal - meat and rice. I usually get the teriyaki chicken and white rice bowl with a side of pork gyoza. The chicken is tender and moist. They use the really starchy type of short grain rice. It's perfectly cooked, nice and fluffy with the right amount of stickiness. Their sauce is pretty good and I like to put extra all over my chicken. The gyoza is deep fried and I would recommend blotting it with a napkin if you don't want the extra oil in your diet. I have yet to try any of the other menu items but the katsu looks delicious. As far as portion size goes, one order of the teriyaki chicken is usually lunch and dinner for me.I do like this location better than the one on Craig. Since it is new, it is quite a bit fresher looking. The restaurant is also more open. The staff is very pleasant and the service is quick.
3	After working out I decided to try this place out for dinner.  I love chicken Teriyaki bowls and wanted to see how theirs is compared to other places around town.  The decor inside is nice but weird.  Feels enclosed and with the white and red, bright!  I don't know if others feel that way but I was just kind of weirded out when I walked in, but I am hungry!I ordered up the bowl and sat down.  There was a lot of people sitting down waiting for food and than a lot of people showed up and were standing in line.  The tables and floor were not cleaned up.  They had one girl at the register and 2-3 in the back doing orders I am guessing.I thought I would be there for awhile but it only took about 5-10 minutes for the food to come out.  I took it home and opened it up and it smelled good.  I tried the sauce and wasn't a huge fan of it.  I like the sweeter sauce better than this vinegar or whatever taste.  It wasn't horrible, just not my favorite.  Everything else in the bowl was cook perfectly, chicken, vege's and brown rice.  I will probably stop by again if I am craving a fix on my side of town but probably not a regular visitor.
4	Stopped here after working out and needed a quick, healthy small meal before heading somewhere else.  I ordered spicy chicken with brown rice and vegetables.  Very tasty, lots of flavor and cooked perfectly.  Will definitely be back.
3	Teriyaki chicken bowl is my favorite with the sauce soaking into the rice!  Always enjoying the yakisoba.  And their Chicken Katsu, can't be beat or can it!  And the Hawaiian fruit punch is a great addition.   The cashiers always smiling, with great service!
5	Fast and fresh!  I also always take the bowls home, they are great for storing stuff in. Great Food, and great service! They offered to bring my dogs a water bowl, and made them a bowl of chicken.
1	I Really dont understand why some people are so crazy about this place..its pretty eek if you ask me...Im a teriyak fan so I gave it a try...and umm..yeah no. I per fer Teriyaki Stop
1	I had a forgettable experience at this particular location.  Until this location opened, I had nothing but the best service and food at various locations throughout Las Vegas.  When I had ordered "to go" two previous times at this location, I was mildly annoyed when the food was not ready, having to wait 10-15 minutes after paying.  A few weeks ago, my wife ordered for pick up at a specific time because we had show tickets.  I got there 5 mintes before the pick up time to pay in case the food was already waiting.  It happened again.  I was already disappointed having to wait 10 minutes past the designated time but what really got me upset was the employee (don't know if it's the manager or the owner) claimed my wife desginated the cookiing start time, not the pick up time.  This made no sense at all.  Why he thought my wife would tell them when to start cooking was beyond my comprehension.  After a few minutes of frustration, I got a refund (including the tip I had given them) and left.  If I really want TM, I am willing to drive a bit farther.  This location is not for me.
4	The food is good and the place is clean. I like their spicy chicken breast bowl with brown rice.
5	Came here after the gym and I must say the food is delicious!! Their low carb plate is amazing!! I will definitely be coming back to this location for more food!! Shout out to dean!!! He is awesome :)
4	I came here at first with my sister and her boyfriend when I was at this side of town. I had no idea that the food here is comparable to Samurai Sams. I loved this location's chicken katsu and their chicken teriyaki. The spicy chicken is similar at every location.I have to say that they give you a LOT of food for the cost. I prefer coming here instead of the competing locations in terms of similar food for the money.
5	I work at 24hr Fitness and love the fact that they have healthy alternatives!
5	T-Mad as we call it is probably one of the best fast food places in Vegas....on the healthier side of fast food.  We frequent this place and have spent lots of money here.  Thier food is alway consistent and quality with huge quantity.  I can say that I have never been disappointed.  Over the years Ive been a huge fan of Samurai Sam's and T-Mad had alot to live up to.  If given the choice Teriyaki Madness is my fav by a long shot! I usually get the chicken breast plate with brown rice EXTRA spicy-sometimes get the steak-chicken combo.  I dont know what they put on it to make it spicy but that sh** is the bomb.  They have teriyaki sauce at the tables and I usually drown my chicken. I get the "plate"-its gigantic-so I can take half of it home to heat up for lunch.  Its just as good as having it fresh.  Oh yeah and the mac salad is delish-it comes with the plate!My boyfriend gets the steak lo mein and I usually steal at least 3 bites of his.  The flavor is ridiculous.  He usually orders mac salad with it because its just that good.The staff is always friendly and the place is always packed.  They even sent me a free entree email for my birthday which I took full advantage of.  As you can see I'm a big fan of T-MAD....you should try it! ;)
5	After I had posted my review of this TM location, I was surprised when the owner of the restaurant contacted me, to not only apologize for the bad experience but to ask that I give it another shot.  I was thoroughly impressed that he made an effort to read each review and tried to improve upon a negative experience.  Since I love the food and the location is very convenient for me, I decided to give it another try.  I was also happy to hear that the employee that I had bad dealings with was no longer working there.  This time the overall experience was great.  The food was ready when I arrived and everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The brown rice was cooked nicely, the stir-fried vegetable and the salad were fresh, and the spicy chicken was moist and delicious.  I will be going back to this location on a regular basis.
4	Let's start with my first impression...this is one clean TMAD.  Probably the cleanest one that I've been to so far.  Now about their service.  Pretty good service too, not complaining at all.  Plus, I came in close to closing time.  Usually this is when you feel that you aren't welcome.  Not here, they still served with a smile. I only had their chicken breast and that's it.  No veggies, no rice, and no sides.  Just your simple plain 8 oz of white chicken breast.  Hit the spot, plain so wasn't as tasty, and needed something that will hold me for at least the next 3 hours. My meal with a drink was less than $8. I sometimes go Teriyaki Boy.  Usually when I have this exact meal, they automatically know to put my sauce on the side.  I got use to this and forgot to tell them here.  My chicken breast was drenched in Teriyaki sauce when I got it.  Really my fault and I will be sure to put in this request on my next visit to TMAD to put the sauce on the side.  Overall, my experience is pretty good.  In regards to the rest of their menu, there's a wide selection all centered around chicken (i.e. Katsu, T-Bowls, Dark Meat, White Meat, etc).  Their meals are tasty and in my opinion have the best Teriyaki sauce.
5	First, I'm starting to realize that I only review places that I really really love. Topping that list, Teriyaki Madness. That whole "highly addictive food" statement is dangerously true. I'm ashamed to say that I get the exact same thing every time I come, which is usually more than once a week. My husband at least switches it up. But I am totally completely satisfied with the same thing every single visit. Of course I'm talking about the spicy chicken bowl. Which is spicy perfection in a rice filled bowl. The chicken is always expertly cooked and grilled beautifully, extra sauce is served on the side (I always use 2 containers full), and the staff is always sweet and helpful. I go with no veggies and white rice, but you can healthy it up by adding veggies and requesting brown rice. I've never gotten a bad bowl, in fact what impresses me the most is the fact that the food is consistently fantastic. Just be warned... It really is addictive. If this is addiction, I don't ever want to go to rehab!
3	This is one of those updated reviews where I'm dropping the rating, but will still continue to pay a visit.  I originally gave this Teriyaki Madness 4 stars because it was clean and the service was great.  Well, my last two visits have changed my ratings.  The main issue...their service.  The service at this location has diminished in the last couple of months.  I don't know if it's under a new Manager or new Associates, but the wait is way too long for a side of chicken breast (about 20 minutes).  For a place known for their chicken breast bowls, you'd think that this order will take less 10 minutes.  I could understand if I got something rare, like their salmon, brown rice, or even their Katsu.  Obviously, I was a little disappointed with how long my order took.  It also doesn't help that I stood at the register for about 5 minutes before my order was even taken.  Regarding their food, the salmon and white meat chicken breast is pretty good.  I get them plain (without sauce) so they're pretty much bland.  But it sure beats having to light up the grill and cook the food myself.  Both choices are healthy and a good supply of protein.  If you're carbing up, the brown rice is a good addition.  One item that I would suggest you stay away from is their Katsu.  You're not suppose to go to T-MAD for their Katsu anyway, but I was daring and have tried it a few times.  It's too greasy and doesn't taste anywhere near the local Hawaiian joints in town.  Will I come back?  I got no choice if I'm in the area and craving Teriyaki Madness
4	I feel that a review update is needed on this specific Teriyaki Madness. I was recently here and had good food with bad service. I waited a long time for my food and dropped my rating to a 3 because of this.  Since that review, I've been contacted multiple times from the owner of Teriyaki Madness, Dean.  We spent a good 20 minutes talking about the business, but most importantly, what T-MAD was going to do to fix some of the issues.  Let me stress that the owner never asked me to change my review, was never defensive, and never attempted to bribe me.  This is all a good sign from a owner that cares about his customers.  Dean basically explained the cooking process to me, why the katsu taste the way it taste, and why my meal took longer than most.I actually learned some things from our conversation.  1.  The Katsu here is made out of real chicken breast, not minced pieces of chicken.  Because they're using chicken breast, the batter that's found at Hawaiian restaurants will not stick.  So, T-MAD uses one that's healtier and can stick to chicken breast. In other words, they didn't want to sacrifice health over taste.  2.  I usually order chicken breast with no sauce.  I had no idea that my order would take longer than everyone else because their chicken is marinated. When I order, they assume I didn't want marinade.  So, they would cook a new batch without marinade just for me.  Thus, why my meal took longer than everyone. 3.  I commented that the other T-MAD's tasted better.  He explained some of the possible reasons with one being the new equipment at this location. 4.  I learned that all gym-goers get a discount here.  I never seen this advertised and the employees never mentioned it.  Dean mentioned it though and I will make sure that I'm getting that discount moving forward.Dean felt that my review was fair and deserving.  He reviewed video of my last visit, addressed the issues with his employees, and even apologized for my recent experience. Bottom line, he recognized me as a regular at most of his locations and wanted to know to know that he valued my opinion about his business. Great job Teriyaki Madness!  You just brought a fan back.
5	Great place to grab a bite to eat near my house. It's a fresh Asian grill & food is made to order so it takes a little longer than fast food restaurants but that doesn't bother me because the food is good! I've heard people complain about prices here but all I can say is you get what you pay for. The portion sizes are good. I usually order a bowl & still have left overs to eat later. I recommend the spicy chicken or the spicy orange chicken w/ noodles or fried rice. I always get the fried rice the way I want which is extra egg & add onions. Normally it's just egg, carrots & peas. Recently had the grilled salmon w/ brown rice & veggies. I think I have a new fav order!
5	Just like their location on Craig this restaurant has great food. Has low carb options and they serve salmon now as well. Great customer service and they got my order right :)
5	Outstanding food..  I eat here at least 2 times per week.  The spicy chicken bowl is my go to meal..
3	The food is good, but am I buying a teriyaki bowl, or a used car? So many add ons raise the price to the point that it makes me want to go elsewhere. Brown rice is less expensive than white, so why does it cost fifty cents more here?
1	Being from So. Cal, I really missed being able to eat at Flame Broiler. But since there isn't one in town, I've been on the lookout for a good replacement. I read the reviews on Teriyaki Madness and they made it sound promising, like a good substitute. But alas, I was wrong...I was so excited to finally stop by and try the place out. I ordered the teriyaki chicken bowl to get a benchmark test of the place, figuring that if the standard teriyaki bowl is good, then the rest of the stuff will probably be the same quality, maybe better.Employee behind the counter: "Would you like brown rice with that?"Me: "Is there an extra charge?"Employee: "Yes, 50 cents"Me: "No thanks"Employee: "Would you like vegetables? It's a $1 extra."Me: "Really!? No thanks."Employee: "Ok, your total is $7."Seven dollars for chicken and rice!! I could have gone to the Subway next door and gotten more and healthier food for half the price!! Then, I figured, the food must be super good quality right?  Wrong!It wasn't anything too spectacular. The chicken was bland and fatty, but at least the rice came OK since there was a lot of it. It's no wonder they put a bottle of teriyaki sauce at each table.  Oh, and I now know why they are called Teriyaki Madness... Well, if your experience is like mine, you'll leave MAD.
2	My wife and i decided to try this place because we had passed it so many times. When we entered i was excited because i loved the music they were playing. We ordered 2 combination plates with chicken and beef and chicken and pork. Also we ordered crab rangoon and veggie egg roll. The egg roll was disgusting. It says veggie but there is way more going on there including tofu. The crab rangoon was the bomb. It was delightfully overstuffed and had a nice crispy shell. The chicken was grilled to perfection. The beef and pork tasted the same and had the same taste as the beef jerkey at the fantastic swap meet. The white rice was over cooked so it tasted hard. My opinon is only eat the crab rangoon. Take your $30.00 elsewhere and eat something with quality.
1	We were regulars at this Teriyaki Madness location.  The spicy chicken is always great & very (temperature) hot!  Today, the chicken was fatty and looked undercooked.. I brought it back to the cashier and she said "did you order the dark meat? It's usually fattier & you should have gotten the chicken breast". She didn't offer the chicken breast up-sell when I ordered & am still waiting for an apology.  I gave the chicken back & she never brought replacement chicken out!!This was my final visit!! There are other restaurant that will welcome my business.
3	If you think the prices are high, then you're probably not a college student. The store is really clean and you can sit anywhere you want.So I asked for beef and they gave me chicken, and then I returned it and they gave me beef. So they have really responsive service. They give you a whole lot of rice and not a lot of meat, which would have been fine if the meal weren't so bland. Honestly, if I just wanted brown rice, I could have just stayed home.
5	I love this place!!! Very consistent great food large portions.... Friendly staff as well... Just wish owners would bring back punch cards because we eat here a ton!!!!
5	I decided to stop by because I wanted something other than fried chicken and a burger. Why I was sitting there trying to decide what I want the girl at the register went to the back to get me a sample of the Teri steak so I can see if I like it or not. It was delicious and I ended up getting a bowl of it with brown rice. The best decision I made there and I can't wait to go back and try other items. I got the kids portion and it was the perfect size for me. The beef was tender and flavorable and not too teriyaki if you know what I mean. 5 stars for the food and 5 stars for the awesome customer service
5	First time here because somebody told me about it. I got the spicy chicken bowl with brown rice. Can we say food is on point.  Half way done with the bowl and I'm full. This will be my new spot especially since the food is fresh and I get to put what veggies I want in.
2	Disappointing. Overpriced. I bought the orange chicken, beef teriyaki and the katsu chicken. Nothing special. Panda Express does a "better job". I had such higher expectations. Edamame were stale and boring.
4	I almost feel like Teriyaki Madness read my review! +1 star for updating their menu to a very customer friendly format. I believe brown rice is actually the same price as white rice now also!
4	Thought I said I would not return my kids love the spicy chicken and convinced me to give it another chance.  Had a good meal with fast service on a busy night.
1	We stopped by here and these people charged my husband $15 dollars for a combo meal. When he opened the box it has 2 spoons of chicken, less than a kids plate. We had to drive way back over there and the managers reasoning was. "We're opening a new location and was told to cut back on portion sizes." WHAT THE WHAT!!!! So you rip off the consumer because you're opening a NEW LOCATION!!! I will never support this business again. NEVER. Went to Panda after getting our money back, and for half the price got twice the amount of food. That's why Panda is still in business and the new pop ups will eventually disappear.  Bad management from the floor up! And L&L food is way better then this place anyway! If I want REAL KATSU, that's where I eat!
2	We go to this location all the time and never had any problems until last night. They have different staff working there and it shows through their customer service. While ordering one of our entrees, I had made a mistake and corrected what I ordered. Unfortunately when the food came out, it was incorrect. We let the girl know and she proceeded to argue with us and make a big deal. After 3 minutes of the girl staring at the receipt trying to figure out what's wrong rather than listening to me, she said she would fix the order. When she returned with the correct food, she argued with me again about how I should order and how I caused the wrong food to be made. People made mistakes on both sides of this issue, it happens. Just fix the food and move on, I don't need a lecture.
1	I spoke with the owner of this location. He tried to bully me into changing my YELP review. And the fact that he flagged my review shows that he can't take the TRUTH! You can't bully me into changing my review that was truthful. You called my husband and I a liar, I will never support your business. You are the reason your location has such awful reviews! The fact is we received AWFUL SERVICE!!! And the response we received from the owner was AWFUL!!! I will not support this business with their AWFUL customer service!!!!!!!! I will take my money across the street to PANDA!!!!!! Update: Sure, you update your review Dean, I already contacted you and you were rude and disrespectful. You didn't apologize you accused me of working for Panda. So keep your fake "contact me" I already did and all we got was anger from you. You spent the whole conversation talking about Panda instead of focusing on your store issues. If the foundation is shaky the house will fall down. You're the foundation of that business...i.e. bad customer service, bad management!
1	Usually I am a regular customer at the Criag location (closer to base) Although I work on centennial therefore I come to this location for lunch often. I am very picky eater and with that being said I know how to order my food to my liking. I order the same thing every time I go and they get it correctly everytime. This time when I checked food they did not which is not a big deal. I simply told the cashier I asked for my rice with no veggies and instead of apologizing and fixing it she argued with me telling me I didnt not order it that way. Which is quite upsetting when I spend money at a establishment I expect to get what I want. Mean while who I am assuming was the manager was standing there listening to this whole conversation (he didnt not address who he was) came to me a told me in the future I need to order things correctly and this wont happen anymore. Basicly still telling me I am a liar and dont know how to order my own food. This location is clean and food its self was good like always, although the customer service was infurating. I will not come back to this location for that reason. I prefer not be called a liar by people who are taking my money. They clearly think they have plenty of buisness and dont need to be remotely kind to earn any repeat customers therefore I am sure they will be just fine without my buisness.
4	I haven't been back to eat here since my first review, but the manager did message me to let me know that the veggies and brown rice are now included in the price. Well, that's more like it! I'll reserve the last star for when I actually go back in for a second chance.
5	I love the food here and the service is always very friendly. I signed up for the text alerts and I get great deals almost weekly. I love the sauce they use because it's obvious there is no MSG and it's low in sugar. Other teriyaki sauces cause my hands to swell and hurt. They also have a low carb, high protein plate and I'm a huge fan :)
5	I love this place and try to get here once a week. Dinning area is spacious and keep clean. Staff is always friendly and have smiles on their faces. Food is prepared fresh to order, the flavors are great, the portions are good and price isn't bad. My personal favorite is the spicy chicken plate with brown rice and green salad.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. The spicy chicken bowl is out of this world. I always get just the chicken and white rice (never the veggies). They always give extra terriyaki sauce to put on which makes it even better! The spicy beef is good as well but the chicken is by far my favorite. If youre in a rush call ahead and it is usually ready within 5 minutes. I love how fast they are and friendly. This place is my go to take out when im in a rush and want something delicious.
4	I like this place, if you order right you can get a healthy, filling meal that's not swimming in oil like its competitors. I usually get the spicy teriyaki chicken plate, with white rice and mac salad. Then I put everything in a bowl, mix it all together and eat it like that. It's actually really good getting the mac salad in every bite! They may be a bit pricier than other chains but I think the quality is better. The cashiers are always friendly. The food is also made fresh to order, so be prepared for a 5-10 minute wait, more if they are busy.
2	My wife and I just got done eating here. The food was good and the portion was even better! However, the customer service was horrible! I even tipped the cashier and he did not say a word. No thank you, no hello, no goodbye! He did not want to be working maybe because it was Halloween! I am not sure but he needs to go! Although the girl who gave me my food was nice.
4	The perfect place when you don't feel like cooking but don't want unhealthy fast food. This is real food, lean and delicious.  Spicy chicken and chicken katsu are our favorites always with brown rice and extra veggies. Good food that is fast but not processed.
5	I love this place.  I'm a creature of habit and always get the white meat chicken bowl w extra chicken and w brown rice!  Try adding more of their teriyaki sauce for more flavor.  This location is clean and the staff was friendly.
