3	Woohoo!  It is officially Fall.  Halloween is upon us.  Time to get that costume together.  And if youre not one of those that plans ahead you can always come here for something to wear to that party you plan to go to in which costumes are a must.  This place has all the typical costumes, reasonably priced and readily available.  I like coming here and it's good to have so many locations around the Valley in case you're needing the one item to complete your outfit.
1	Last weekend I purchased a costume for Halloween - two weeks before the holiday. Around 8 pm the store was not crowded. As I checked out the cashier was busy on her cellphone, but stopped to ring me up. When I got home I was disappointed to find the costume didn't fit. No problem, I will go back and trade it for something else. The next day I went to another location closer to my house. When I asked to return it the cashier said there are no returns. He said that should have been explained when I purchased the costume. It was not as the busy cellphone cashier didn't even talk other than to tell me the total price. However, he said they could exchange it if I found something in the story. I looked, but nothing really interested me. I asked if I could still exchange it later and perhaps my step-kids could use the credit to buy costumes for them. He said no problem, but did point out it would have to be at least equal value because they would not give any money back. Yesterday I attempted to complete the exchange. There was a costume my step-daughter wanted, but they did not have all of it. We were told we needed to get it all there because the exchange had to be more than the original sale - so basically spend more money. Since they didn't have all of it we went to another location to exchange.  They did have all of the pieces but when it came time to exchange they said they could not. The costume originally purchased could only be exchanged for the same costume in a different size. Since the costume didn't fit in the first place a different size of the same one would do absolutely nothing. So basically I am out the $60. Thanks for nothing, Spirit. Maybe work on training your employees to provide adequate and consistent messages since the return policy seems to change at each location. One thing is certain, even though I have purchased on previous occasions, I will not purchase anything from Spirit ever again.
1	Horrible costumer service. Shop at FUN SERVICES instead.
