3	This is a great, quality Taco Bell recently built with fast service and consistant food. I love Taco Bell because it's cheap and yummy!
4	5 Layer Beefy Cheesy Burrito is bomb.I also like the new Beefy Crunch Burrito (if eaten right away & it still "crunches"). :)
4	Vegan 5 layer burrito, no cheese, no sour cream
3	I got home with a hard taco, felt light and when I looked down at it, there was no meat. Just lettuce and cheese. Mmmmm salad taco, that was worth 89 cents! Not. Same day my entire order tasted like cardboard and the Hawaiian lady at the window was completely rude. If I see her at the window after placing my order, I just keep driving thru the line, don't need her attitude. The boys who work there are funny, forgetful but funny. Was once given 3 drinks and no straws, so I had to park and go inside for them, he apologized and all was forgiven. Be an airhead and polite and I'll forgive you, but be an airhead and rude? You get 2 stars!
4	Have to make a list for just fast food. This place is always an easy go to for some cheep not so mexican: mexican food. I still have yet to find a mexican pizza in a mexican establishment. Easy, cheep, good and drive through make this Taco Bell on of my weekly spots for a quick bite. I even tried the Dorrito Taco (meh not for me). I usually get the same drive through employee and she is always super nice.
3	What is there to say about a Taco bell.....? This one actually filled up the taco shell with more than just lettuce. I ordered 2 Hard Tacos and a Mexican Pizza. I was impressed by the amount of stuffing in the tacos. The pizza had a nice amount of tomatos also. Good job Taco Bell.
1	So I'm in the drive thru with my husband and a rude employee waits on us she a hard stud this means she looks like a guy....anyway the husband hands her my hello kitty bank of America visa as payment and she has the nerve to say well, this is not manly enough for u sir...so my husband replies well its not manly enough for eather of us it belongs to a lady and that lady is my wife and I spoke up I'm like excuse u chick don't ever dis respect my husband he's a real man with a real wife she had a deer in the head light look on her face and said here is your order...I was like no the word your seeking is I'm sorry...you don't attack people like that as a lesbian woman you should know better! Will I return to this location? No.
4	"Yo Quiero Taco Bell!" For a Taco Bell this is one of the better locations. The food is consistent and they've never forgotten anything through the drive through. (Sucks big time when that happens) We've never dined in so I can't say how the inside looks or how clean it is. For me that's usually the first thing I want to know. One of the best things they added was the salsa verde. My son is always upset because he wants to use hot sauce like mom and dad, but it was too spicy for him. Now he use about 2 packets per taco. "Don't forget my green sauce mom." LolHonestly there's not much more to say about a fast food joint. We usually frequent this establishment on a night we need something easy, fast and close.
5	Pretty good, quality food.Service in the drive-thru was sort of slow, but that's a minor issue honestly.  Worth a short wait.
3	What can you say... It's Taco Bell. Stopped in for lunch while my son had his swimming lesson. Good customer service and decent food.
1	Came here at 12Am. My self and the TWO cars in front of us were not able to order. No one responded to the 3 of us in the drivethrough so we all left. We also honked. You need to tell your very stupid and immature, terrible staff to pay attention.
