4	Pokey Sticks are the best!
4	The best delivery pizza in C-U.  Sure, if you want superior pizza there are better options if you dine in, but you'll do well with these guys.  Hot, fresh and cheap (just like I used to like my men...).
5	Every student at U of I knows that Gumby's is the place to go for Pokey Sticks..I don't even think I can count how many times I ate these late at night! They are basically bread sticks with cheese on them and marinara sauce to dip them in...soooo good!
4	Mmmmmmmm. Pokey Sticks. Mmmmmmmm.
1	This is the place for Pokey Stix, well actually it's the only place for Pokey Sticks, which are a college food staple. What are Pokey Sticks? They are basically pizza-like breadsticks coated with cheese and a savory secret blend of spices and garlic and something... You have to try them at least once, but as you get older you will probably become repulsed by them, as I have. They sound good, but honestly, greasy sticks of cheese are only good food if you are feeling drunk...or self-destructive...or both.
4	POKEY STICKS ROCK MY SOCKS OFF!!But they overcharge for the sauces- use the marinara you have in your house (but don't skip the super fatty garlic butter sauce- its amazing!)
5	I would drive to Champaign and back in a day for a meal of Pokey Stix.Get the biggest size they have and ask for extra ranch!!!
5	Two words: Pokey Sticks. 5 stars for Pokey Sticks.And yes, on multiple occasions I have driven from Chicago to Champaign for a box of Pokey Sticks. My college friends from FAR sometimes join me and we finish the box driving back on I-57. Yeah, we act like we never graduated while eating the stuff.For a Super Bowl party I went and bought several boxes, much to the enjoyment of UIUC alumni present. Too bad the Bears lost, but the taste of Pokey Sticks softened the blow. When I get the craving, I would do the drive again in a heartbeat. Who's in????
5	i miss pokey sticks!!!!!
3	Greasy Greasy Greasy.Pretty bad delivery. You can get better pizza from Bob and Macs for 5 dollars a piece. The pokey stix are alright, but I'm pretty sure they're the lead contributor to the freshman 15 and the college 30.Did I mention this food is massively greasy?
4	Pokey sticks!!  I finally know what my friends are talking about - it's very reminiscent of Wildbread from UCSB - basically a pizza of bread sticks with spices and garlic and it comes with dipping sauces of marinara, ranch and melted garlic butter - mmm!
5	5-stars for Pokey Sticks1-star for crappy pizza=5-stars because nobody orders the pizza.
5	I can't add anything new to what everyone's already said, but the pokey stix are the most amazing things ever. I can't believe how often I used to eat them freshman year and I will wish I had those extra years all that greasy garlicky cheese took from me, but perhaps I'll say it was worth it.Now I get them as a treat every few months or so, and they are still completely fantastic. My favorites are the really cheesy ones right in the middle (if this is your style as well find someone who prefers the doughy ones on the outside) with ranch dipping sauce. They've started charging extra for ranch but you can't skimp on it, so suck it up and get one less beer next time you go out. And I have to put in a nice word for the delivery drivers - they've always been really cool and the waits always reasonable. However once we did get blacklisted for laughing too much into the phone while trying to order, so be less giggly or switch up the phone number you call from or else you'll have to make it up with giant tips for a bit. Pokey stix = delicious.
4	The pizza is crap, but the pokey stix are the number one cause of Homer Simpson noises in C-U.
4	The pizza is very meh.  I don't know who buys it, except it is cheap.  But the pokey sticks they haunt my dreams.  I have friends who only visited U of I once and still talk about pokey sticks.  The years kind of throw up a haze around my college memories.  But the memories of delicious pokey sticks inhaled late at night will always remain clear to me.
5	These pokey sticks are greasy, cheesy, goodness.  I don't get why they bother selling pizza at all, really, as it's crappy and no one comes to Gumby's for their pizza anyway.  Therefore, I proclaim this place should be known as Gumby's Pokey Sticks instead from here on out! ^^If you're really craving some good pizza, try your luck at Papa Del's.
3	Ok...so the pizza is forgettable and the pokey sticks were fantastic after-bar food while in college.  Those greasy sticks of goodness could be dipped in ranch sauce or marinara, and they always tasted delicious.  The only problem?  Well, my stomach didn't really like the bucket of grease that comes on those pokey sticks...consume with caution! (again, perfect drunk food for those college years, but that's about it!)
5	OK....YOU HAVE TO GET POKEY STICKS IF YOU GO TO CHAMPAIGN. PERIOD. They are incredible! Always a must for a drunk night. And cheap, so if you spent all your money at the bar and are hungry, a good way to go! Plus on Tuesdays, they double your order!The pizza, not so much, but who orders pizza from gumbys when they have POKEY sticks?
2	Everyone admits the pizza sucks and that pokey sticks are just a drunk food. I never understood the U of I fascination with this place. Can't remember, but I don't ever think it's cheap! Want a great after-the-bars fill up? Go to Mary Ann's, get a stack. So good.
4	I'd like to add on something new here to the twenty+ reviews here beyond what you've most likely already learned (Pokey Sticks are a must try for any UofI-an, greasy cheesy goodness, and pizza is just so-so) and tell you a little about this mostly unknown deal that they have called the Gumby's Giveaway.  Basically, it's a deal offered 7 days a week that allows you to buy any size pizza or Pokey Sticks and get another pizza or Pokey Sticks of equal/lesser value free.  So if you're going to buy from here, make sure you ask about this deal.  However, in my experience, a lot of the time, the workers will deny having such a deal or spout some nonsense about it only being on Tuesdays either because they don't want to give it or they don't know about it.  Whichever the case, there are coupons for it if you can find one, but the best place to get it at is campusfood.com since it's listed there as an order.  Anyway, two for one, Gumby's sounds even better now, doesn't it?However, on the bad side, their pizza is often inconsistent, sometimes having very nice ingredient ratios and other times being too greasy or runny.  Pokey's are usually pretty well-made but can be a bit on the doughy side at times.  You'll almost definitely want marinara or some other sauce to go with the sticks as they are basically just pizzas with the sauce replaced by seasoning and cheese powder, and you'll need at least two ($0.39 ea) to last you the whole box.  Also, Gumby's is notorious for being skimpy with cheese.  Yet despite all this, I always find myself going back for more.---Okay, that's the end of my review.  Now it's story time.  Back when I was a freshman, a "friend" who had been at U of I for a while told me about these amazing things called Pokey sticks.  So during the second week or so, I went out with a few other freshman friends on an epic quest for this place.  Too bad we didn't realize at the time how ridiculously far out this place is.  It took us at least twenty minutes to walk to this place, minus the time we spent in a random (and I think semi-illegal) pet shop filled with aquatic creatures and passing some XXX store (we didn't stop in...but we did make some calls...I won't go into details).  Anyways, with sore feet and broken spirits, we trudged into the small, unsanitary place, pooled our random, beginning-of-the-year coupons together, and got two boxes of Pokey's, as well a sodas from their okay-priced vending machine.  So we sit down outside (no chairs inside), open the box, and what did we get??  Two boxes of pizza minus the sauce!  WTF??  Definitely not what we were expecting.  Not to mention that after all that, there was the super long journey back.  We didn't have the proper bus knowledge at the time to know which ones to ride back to our dorms, so an overwhelming fear of getting on a bus and ending up in Springfield made us take the same sad trip home, highly disappointed.  Totally breaking the pacing of the story, we eventually learned to love the taste of Gumby's.  Maybe it's something they put into the seasoning...
3	Um, Pokey Sticks are just cheese bread in pseudo-pizza form.They're...okay.  I'm not overwhelmed.  I'm not delighted.  But they do what they're supposed to do.  I guess as a U of I grad student I'm supposed to be enamored with the Pokeytasticness....but, as a former fan of Gumby (yeah, that's right, 1980s cartoons were fun growing up!), and a fan of pizza, I am required to say--it's only....okay.That said, the staff is really friendly :)  But, um, not the greatest thing ever.  I guess my friends Pokey, Prickle and Goo should all show up, but that's probably the only thing that would make it at least remotely interesting.
1	I usually order the pokey stix from here and recently I have noticed a big decline in quality. After eating the food, I usually feel pretty sick. In fact, one of my friends even came down with the fever. Another thing that annoyed me was that the lids on the pizza sauce were melted and on top of the pokey stix. Why don't they just give the cups separately in a bag instead of placing them inside the damn box. I am going to also contact local health departments because something fishy must be in those ingredients.
5	Want good pizza? Head to Papa Del's.But in the meantime, pepperoni rolls and Pokey Stix: Get. In. My. Bell-ay.
4	You can only eat Gumby's after a night of drinking.  It tastes really crappy otherwise.  But they are fast!  The only time to get it when sober is when they have buy one get one free Pokey sticks.  My roommate and I would order XL pokeys (and get one free) and eat them for the entire week.  My stomach is feeling queasy just thinking about them.
4	Been ordering 20 inch pizzas from here every thursday for that great deal they have, and it's fast and easy.  Though sometimes you get mixed results (sometimes it's well done, sometimes it's a little doughy) overall it's solid pizza for the price.  Good to share among my triple room.
3	Pokey Stix.  Are.  Delicious.Eat-them-on-your-anniversary-delicious?  Well...no.Eat-them-when-your-parents-visit-delicious?  Er...not exactly.Eat-them-pre/post/while-drinking-beer-with-friends-delicious?  HELL YES.Skip the pizza here.  Order the Pokeys on Tuesday (two for one!), crack open some cheap beer, and start up a movie.  Ah, college.
5	Reliving youth.That was apparently the theme of our trip down to UIUC's homecoming.  An ode to those days we were free of responsiblity and full of hope.  We all saddled up on a Friday after work and embarked on our trip down the beloved (or loathed) 57.  Ahh, we were on our way.The 2.5 hour car ride consisted of us recalling those amusing college times - Illini basketball, cramming for midterms, wasting time on AIM, discovering Everclear.  Then, there was the discussion of our favorite UIUC food items.  It ranged from Basil Thai to Empire to Nyros to Murphy's burgers.  And Gumby's.Pokey Stix. *droooool*That pizza-esque, cripsy cheesy bread.   Greasy goodness.  With a side of ranch.  On our trek back from the bar to the hotel, I decided that we HAD to have Pokey Stix.  Our trip wouldn't be complete without it!  Best decision ever.  Thanks to homecoming and the influx of starving alum, Gumby's was running a 2-for-1 deal.  So, 2 medium Pokey stix, 3 sides of ranch and 2 sides of marinara came out to ONLY $15.  After my first bite, it was a better than I remembered.  Amazingly delicious!  I'm a little ashamed to say that the 5 of us basically devoured those Pokey Stix.  Devoured might be putting it a little too lightly, though.  Frealz.  We need Pokey Stix in Chicago.  Ya'll agree?Soooo, we relived youth - yessir!  Cheap drinks at our favorite bar, relaxin' with friends on a Friday night, late night munchies. Always a welcomed distraction from adulthood.  Great times, UIUC.  We miss you!
2	When I first came to U of I, the first things I learned were how to register for classes, how to live in the dorms, and to make sure that I try pokey sticks from Gumby's. Let me tell you that the first time I tried them, I didn't like them. I didn't think they were that special. They're really just cut up pizza bread ish slices with marinara sauce for dipping. However last year, I must've had a bad batch. I tried them again this year and they were pretty good. I also had their wings, which were good. Be careful though, because my friend ordered a pizza from them and there was a huge bug baked in with it. And they wouldn't give her a refund for it!
4	A must eat if you are a student at UofI. Great when you are drinking and/or need a snack after bars and before bed.Skip the pizza, go for the pokey sticks (cut up pizza with cheese of sorts - like breadsticks) great with the various dipping sauces (ranch, garlic butter my fav - but they also hv marinara and maybe more).Easy to get coupons for discounts and specials, reasonably priced when sharing amongst multiple people.This place is also known for its HUGE sized pokey sticks - i believe its 30". It wont fit through a regular door and has to be tilted.
4	OK, I gotta say the pizza here is not very good.BUT!!!  The pokey stix!  Oh my God...  You don't realize a good thing until it's taken away from you.  Since moving out of Champaign, I've had friends bring me some pokey stixs up here to Chicago.  Also, the last time I went down there with a friend, I made him try this stuff.  He loved it as well.You gotta love the ranch as well as the marinara dipping sauces.  Both of them are excellent.You know what and the goodness lasts and is somehow even better as left-overs.  Just throw 'em in the oven and they're awesome all over again.You guys should start delivering to Chicago... somehow...
4	Oh pokey stix.... how I wish I can take you to San Francisco with me : (Buffalo wings are pretty good. As for the pizza..bleh..its ok. I'd take Papa Dels/Monical's pizza over theirs; greasy and for some reason, and not as warm as it should be.The almighty pokey stix wins my heart still :)Good for those nights when you try to pull an all-nighter...and sunday night football.
5	Pokey sticks! enough said.
1	Having once been a U of I student, I didn't understand why people liked Pokey sticks so much.  We had pizza and pokey sticks over the weekend after a football game and I still done understand the love for pokey sticks.  Crappy pizza and crappy pokey sticks.  I can't even say it's because it's cheap becuase it still cost me $25 for 16" pizza and 16" pokey sticks even though I had a buy one get one free coupon!  I would rather have Papa john's pizza any day of the week and twice on Sundays.
2	I'm lactose intolerant so my review is only in reference to their chicken wing basket. The chicken wings were sub-par, under seasoned and barley a step above McDonalds. The french fries were gross. I rarely waste food but they were high school cafeteria fries, mushy and falling apart.
4	Here's my gut reaction to thinking about Gumby's: Pokey stix. Pepperoni rolls. Alternating waves of grease-induced ecstasy and self-loathing. Got together with 7 other people. We ordered a ton of food: Two XL Pokey stix and 20 pepperoni rolls. Amazing. Five bucks per person. (Total was 42 and change, because we added three cups of garlic butter dipping sauce.) Everyone was overly full and we had ample leftovers. I called in the order, and the employee was super friendly and helpful. The food was ready on time - fifteen minutes after I called. Awesome.Why 4 stars and not 5? Because they do one thing (Pokey Stix), and they do it well (and by well I mean perfectly), but there's room for improvement on the pizza.
5	If it's possible to have fantasies about food... It would certainly involve Pokey Stix. I have been hooked to this place since 2004. For all the damage its done to my arteries and heart I still make a point to make a pit stop when I cross Champaign, Urbana. The Pepperoni Rolls are are gooey with love and awesomeness but those pokey stix are the crack that keep me coming back. Please expand to Chicago! We have enough fat college kids here that will keep you in business for centuries.I heart Gumby's
1	So mediocre I cannot believe people are seriously reviewing it with better than 3 stars. It isn't cheap. It doesn't taste great. These reviewers must be the same people that give Chipotle 5 stars. Don't go here, eat frozen pizza instead.
3	This is the place to pick up pizza if you want to have a lot of beer with it.  If you want just pizza and maybe 1 Magic Hat or a Blue Moon this shouldn't be your first choice...I will explain....Their pizza is very similar to the greasy party-type pizza dominos and pizza hut offer...it takes better sure....but eat a bunch and you WILL feel like the biggest pile of lard in the world.  It's thin, saucy, the pepperoni was good, but of course everyone talks about the sticks....Their sticks are really just cheesy bread...A LOT of cheesy bread...NO sauce comes with it though and they aren't good without sauce...not to say they are amazing though...they're like cheesy bread if you got it at a Sam's Club...a large order is more filling and better than their large pizzasBottom line---not the best pizza unless u want cheap greasy beer food late at night and will prolly fill up on beverages.No word yet on the best thin crust in Champaign after trying 3 places but I'll find it eventually.
3	I can't bring myself to give Gumby's four stars for the Pokey Stix.  Ask me when I'm drunk, and I'll say they're the greatest things I've ever eaten.  But sitting here now, I can't reasonably give them more than four stars.  Greasy, cheesy, salty, bready goodness.  I don't think their pizza is that exciting....but who gets pizza here?  2 am pokey stix are the thing.  We just got them again over homecoming last weekend, and they were just as satisfying as I remembered.  I wonder how many hangovers they have prevented?  All that bread in your stomach - you'd think it would make you sick, but I swear it prevents sickness (of the drunken variety).
