5	The food at Little Shanghai is plentiful and reasonably priced.  The architecture and ambiance is a little dated but still has a high level of authenticity that is fitting and functional.  I haven't been to a better chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  The house chicken is to crave for late at night in your  refrigerator.  The sizzling beef should be a little more dangerous, kind of didn't sizzle the way my imagination played out.  The bar even works functionally and has some character.  Highly recommend if your are in the Arcadia area.
5	I am really worried that my boyfriend and I will get nicknamed the Pu Pu Plater couple. That possibility be damned, the Pu Pu Plater is amazing. Fried shrimp, yes. Wontons, yes. Egg Rolls, yes. Beef Skewers, yes. HONEY DIPPED CHICKEN WINGS, OH HELL YES. Seriously these wings are so good. The skin is super crispy and coated in the most delicious sauce. The plater also comes with a confusing burner thing. We didn't know what we were supposed to do with it at first, but the last time we went the server put the Beed Skewers on there, so I guess that is what it is for. But the beef is already cooked so I am not sure why it is necessary. The hot and sour soup is awesome. The veggies in the soup are super fresh and delicious. The Egg Foo Yong is amazing as well.The decor is very 80's: grey tones and tons of mirrors with the strangest bathrooms ever. The stalls clearly used to be showers and the it is creepily well lit. Blinding even. Very strong smell in the restrooms also, but it is pleasant, like laundry detergent. It is also giant inside and no one is ever there. It may be a front for an opium ring, but I don't care. Bring on the Pu Pu Plater!
4	I checked this place out based on the Yelp reviews and I must admit.... The food was great and prices are good. We will be going back in the near future!!
3	I don't think I stopped smiling once the entire time I was at Little Shanghai. This place is so reminiscent of the Chinese places I used to go as a West Side youngin. It's a composite of everything that I adored at the age of eight.  Someone could have reconstructed this place based off odds and ends plucked from my noggin. Dinner here seriously made my night and was a trip down nostalgia lane.I suppose it doesn't hurt that the decor hasn't been remodeled since the mid 80s or early 90s, and is therefore in keeping with everything I think a Chinese food place should be and more. Splashy, geometric tablecloths and carpeting, tall cut glass dividers, raised dining area, strage L shaped booths and large circular tables.  All of which looks like it was designed around the needs of Delta Burke and other Designing Women lunching on Peking duck in their shoulder-padded power suits. For serious.Now everyone needs a bit more pomp in their life, so make temporary peace with the nemesis that is fried food and indulge in The Flaming PuPu Platter of Delight.  Fried shrimp, fried chicken wings, fried crab rangoon, fried wontons and to be (relatively) health conscious, beef strips on skewers.  In the middle of it all, towering above the fried feast is a small iron grill all aflame, so you can roast your little beefy sticks to sizzling perfection.  Try to imagine how effing cool that is to a six year old's fruit fly attention span, and how pretty effing cool it still is 20 years later. Fire! Caveman brain grunts, "Good."So resign yourself to the fact that you're totally going to mow down a thousand calories in PuPu platter form.  Believe me, sometimes it's just the right thing to do.  Now if you really want to dine in style and have a friend in tow, pay 14 bucks apiece and order the supreme super deluxe dinner special that includes: One glorious PuPu platter, your choice of soup, two entrees, and fried rice.  You'll feel like a king sitting down to your feast of plenty. You'll be full after the first two courses.  You'll have more leftovers than you'll know what to do with.  But again, sometimes it's just the right thing to do.This is my new go to place in the Arcadia district for Chinese. With this, Mama Mia, The Vig and Over Easy all in the same intersection, I've got breakfast, lunch, dinner and my drinkin' needs met. And it's cheap enough to order out and have an awesome Chinese dinner at home. Recommendations: The house sesame chicken, the house lo mein, the wonton soup and The Flaming PuPu Platter of Delight. Seriously. Do it.
5	This place was awesome. I don't take 5's lightly. Price, flavor, selection, customer service is grade A.  You MUST do the Pu Pu plater.  You will not reget it.  And you MUST finish it off with the "Fruit on Ice", not sure what kind of fruit it was but it was goodThere were lots of locals eating there. If I lived in the area I'd be a regular.
4	This is my favorite chinese restaurant!  I go about twice and month and if I lived closer I would go more often.  Their mongolian beef is great!  Their lunch special is a great deal if you dine in.
4	Went here based on Yelp reviews and everything was great, had the pupu platter, loved it all except for the wing sauce (I'm from Buffalo), wonton soup, mongolin beef and orange peel chicken. Clean restaurant, plenty of parking, good prices but service was slow as molases and there was only 3 other tables occupied when we we there.
4	I agree with everyone else you do not go to this place for the decor you go for the food.  My wife LOVES Chinese food and could eat it every night.  This is one of a hand full of places that she will get take out from.The Moo Shu is some of the best i have ever had.  I mean better then the stuff i remember eating back on the east coast growing up and that is hard to do.
2	Absolutely typical mid-range Chinese fair. The Pu Pu platter that other reviews raved about was middle of the road, with the eggrolls at the low end and beef skewers a bit better than average.The House Special Sesame Chicken was good, but nothing special, and a bit too sweet for my taste. The Moo Shu Pork was not bad at all, but was absolutely typical of the dish.In general, it was slightly above average for typical Chinese food fair. Nothing special to remember the place, and there are a dozen others like it in town.At 6pm on a Saturday night, we were the only table when seated, with two other tables being seated afterwards, but there were at least 5 phone calls for takeout while we were there, there was certainly nothing about the decor to recommend eating in versus takeout.
3	I love me some take-out Chinese. My body is programmed to crave it every Sunday night. I've never eaten at Little Shanghai (only take-out) but what everyone is saying is spot on... very 1990's Chinese restaurant decor, which I kinda love. It's absolutely not a place I'd want to go for a date night (I'd feel very upset I'd wasted the time and effort getting cute because you probably won't see other human beings - probably why they offer a 20% discount for sit-in dining) but its great for good, reasonably priced take-out Chinese food.I've had four-star experiences at Little Shanghai but in general I'd give it 3-stars. I get Moo Goo Gai Pan - basically chicken and vegetables and its good but could use a little more flavor. My husband gets the sweet & sour chicken or Seseame Chicken and they could use some vegetables and more chicken, less breading. The house fried rice is tasty and the egg rolls are pretty good. It looks like I need to try this Pu Pu Plater everyone is raving about.
3	This place has pretty good. Food was fresh and the service was good. Just not the best chinese food I have had in phoenix.
2	It was Christmas Eve, and we were hungry so we followed some other cars turning into their parking lot.  We were the only Chinese people in there besides the staff.OMG, it was like a time warp back to when Chinese were cooking for Americans.  The decor was so eclectic, I can't even tell you what style it was.  Not real Chinese or pretend Chinese, not upscale or tattered.  You've got to see it for yourself (if you really want to know).I had to order a pupu platter which came with a flame and some sweet, sticky chicken wings, fried wontons, fried shrimps, beef on sticks, and shrimp toast (I think).  All the Chinese restaurants I go to in NY don't have it in their menu.  What can I say...fun and not too bad.The fried duck was overcooked and dry.  The other things thing sauteed string beans and shrimp with sizzling rice were alright.  Let's just say it wasn't the best meal I ever had.
3	went to Little Shanghai last night (wednesday) with a friend; we were in no hurry, had a lot of personal stories to catch up on, so the slow service didn't bother us.  they were busy and i think there were only four people working: Dad in the kitchen, Mom taking orders, and two boys who didn't speak much English delivering food and cleaning.  we shared some pot stickers that were excellent and a spicy sauce with fresh scallions; Tommy had the lemon chicken - breaded boneless, skinless breast in a tart and tangy lemon sauce; i talked to Mom and asked for suggestions, and wound up with crispy noodles "with three" - turned out to be shrimp, beef and pork.... plus some lobster bits and pea pods, broccoli, oyster mushrooms, water chestnuts, bean sprouts, carrots-celery-onions (if i said Mirepoix would that be snooty?) .... anyway the dish was delicious!We spent a casual 2 hours with great food in a comfy place for twenty bucks apiece including wine and beers.  the food was fresh and properly prepared - a good Chinese restaurant catering to Arcadia Honkies.
4	I.do not care what anyone says if you are in the mood for greasy delicious and heavy chinese go here...the mooshu pork and house fried rice are delicious...the sesame chicken and potstickers are to die for...gave it 4 stars because the decor is not great and the service is touch and go but its great if want great take out!!! They deliver too!!! Yay!!
1	Just ordered food from here this evening for delivery. I have NO idea how this place gets 4 1/2 stars on here.  It was the worst chinese food I have ever eaten.  We ordered sesame chix which was soggy and gross. The eggrolls were overpriced and are more like a spring roll. the lomein is okay but will never get food from here again.
4	The staff is always friendly.  They never ever get a Pick Up or Delivery order wrong (tested over the years).This restaurant does a great job with Hot & Sour soup, it has a lot of stuff in it including nice fat shrimp which I love, very complex flavors. YUMI am an eggplant fan - they treat it right!  Spousal Unit favors the Kung Pao Beef which is not on the menu but they always make it for him with a smile (its fried, you have been warned).I love this place, its like going next door to your friends house and having her Chinese Grandma cook for you!  Down home, good portions, veggies are never overcooked!
5	We like to order from here for take out.  We usually get Moo Goo Gai Pan, Mongolian Chicken, and egg rolls.  They always get the order right.  It is nice to eat here too, there usually isn't a huge crowd for dinner (I'm not sure about lunch).  The decor isn't much to look at, but the food is very authentic and that is what I come here for. Very tasty.
4	There are so many Asian restaurants, including the Chinese Cultural Center near by the office.  Little Shanghai has been by far the most consistent with the quality and customer service.  The delivery is super quick to our office (about 2 miles away), they never miss an order and the food is great.  I always get the Beef and Broccoli and the office usually splits a few orders of Pork, Vegetable or Chicken lo mein.  Very yummy stuff!2 years later, still great food and service!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awwwe - I call this "the little unknown Chinese food treasure of PHX" So good - cooked fresh, fresh ingredients and awesome staff. Doesn't look like much from the outside and inside is kinda plain and basic but the food is D'lish! I took some friends that didn't like Lo Mien, sweet and sour pork or fried rice - well now they like it! Don't forget to try the very healthy yummy Soup Fried rice :)
2	ordered food while at work not only did we get about food over an hour late  but i've had better frozen eggrolls than this place and the rice was terrible. Definately have had much better food in the valley.
3	When my husband worked near Arcadia, this was our go-to place for a "cheap Chinese" lunch. It was a good solid experience, nothing delightful but nothing offensive either. We give the overall rating of food, service, and ambience 3.5 stars. Our experience with the food is the standard fare:  Lemon Chicken, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Kung Pao Shrimp, and Sweet and Sour Chicken. In particular, I recall the Lemon Chicken was tender and plentiful but a tad too sweet for me; also, I probably liked the Kung Pao Shrimp the best for the well-cooked veg and yummy shrimp. On the side, I found the eggrolls rather average, but the hot and sour, as reviewers have noted, well above average for the bevy of complex flavors and numerous shrimp.The decor is plain and slightly 80s cheesy, but it's fine for a quick lunch drop-in during the week. The staff is friendly but not too friendly, which is acceptable and probably preferable to over-attentive in my opinion. It's a solid place overall.I wouldn't go out of my way to head down this way to Little Shanghai unless there was a reason to be in the area, but I would stop in "when in Rome!" Cheers!
4	Decided to try on FRI 04MAY2012 - it was about 1:30PM and they close at 2PM; so, the expectations were not high; but, I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the combination noodle soup; I really enjoyed it; but only thing would be do not put in soy sauce in the soup; it was a little dark for me, also wished they had BBQ Pork in the soup also.  But, will be back!!!
5	My very favorite Chinese food place in AZ. I have been going there for about 15 years now and the food is consistently delicious. The honey dipped wings are amazing! Poo Poo platter = yum. The house fried rice = yum. The shrimp chow mien =yum. I haven't tasted anything on their menu that I didn't love. Great service, great place to take your family.
4	Favorite Arcadia Chinese Delivery!We've tried a few different places in the area, and decided Little Shanghai is consistently our favorite! Great spring rolls, wonton soup.  Have had everything from mu shu, fried rice, chow mein (beef chow mein is our usual order), etc... it's all good! The meat seems better quality than other chinese takeout.  Staff is friendly, have never had an issue with wrong order.  Also - huge props, they bring the order in a sturdy box, especially when ordering soup, so that's appreciated.  Delivery usually takes 45 minutes on a standard night.  Only complaint is that we've gotten food that is a little cold, probably on busier nights when it takes more like 45-60 mins.
5	I was invited to lunch here by a former co-worker.  In short, the food was fantastic.  Fast, good and lots of it.  Their lunch specials are very affordable.  Service was friendly and fast.  I always get their almond chicken and it is delicious.  Spring rolls are good as are the fried wonton.  I understand the soup is really good as well.  I've been back a few times and it is always good.  Getting lunch from there today for myself and two co-workers. :)
1	Ok.. First time I ordered from this place. I wanted to try something new. Sorry I did! Ordered some thing simple, Mongolian beef. I took a few bites and i was disgusted how raw the beef was. I don't mean med rare or rare. I mean raw! It was so unappetizing I just threw it in the trash. I can't find one redeeming quality about what I ate. Don't even get me started on the wife's entree and soup! Yuck! However, the egg roll was good! At least it was cooked! What was delivered to me was not even fit for the stray cat in the front yard!  Please... Read this.. I rarely criticize, but this was down right horrible! What a waste of money!
5	best chinese food in the world!! thats it!
3	Food is good but I was told I could not have a refill on my soda... Completely turned off by this. You charge me $2 for a soda and will not give 1 refill? Shame!
1	Ordered the takeout combination special for four.  It was awful.  The chicken wings were raw, not just under cooked.  We stopped to  alert the management.  They refused to reverse the charges even though we dropped off their food to show them. The ridiculous reply was. "You bit into the wings, so no refund."  Although we order take-out 3 to 4 times a week, we will never go back.
5	Great treatment.  Tasty food.  Clean.  Friendly.  Price is right.  Very accommodating.  My first thought for Chinese food is to patronize Little Shanghai.  Bring your business here.  Even if you live a bit far away, the drive is worth it, in my opinion, because they treat you well and give you the food you want.  Go see for yourself.
5	I was skeptical after reading the negative reviews, but it's close so I decided to try it out. This place is amazing, no waiting, quick friendly service. The food is so good. I haven't tried everything on the menu, but what I have tried is delicious.  I highly recommend giving Little Shanghai a try.
5	Very good food! Fast delivery!
2	The shrimp fried rice and teriyaki chicken were good, but the rest of our order left a lot to be desired.  The crab puffs were missing a key ingredient....the crab!!!  That was really disappointing.  The beef and broccoli and cashew chicken didn't score high marks with our group.  Not sure we will give them another try.
1	Since I was 8 years old I have been coming here. I am 24 now. That's sixteen years as a customer. We order about 4 times a year for the past few years.Let me detail some changes. Instead of serving their food in the take out boxes many people associate with Chinese they changed this procedure about a year ago. Now they come on cheap plastic plates with a top that can be sealed. Why does this matter? The volume of food you get in these plates is less than what it used to be. So I let that go, I kept ordering. My orders usually end up about 45-50 bucks.Yesterday, I had my worst service and food that I have ever received. I MADE a yelp account because I am so pissed off. The Teriyaki chicken was hard, rock hard. It tasted like 2 day old leftovers. The kind that were left under a lamp. The PuPu Platter which costs 9.50 a piece contained jack sh1t. I ordered TWO of them , that is 19 dollars of Pu Pu Platter and the result I took a picture of because I couldn't believe it. This is what 19 dollars looks like : http://i.imgur.com/TZhEuV5.jpgI called back, and was told this was a normal portion. Lol. I have been going here for years, and they finally lost me as a customer yesterday. I can say for certainty that I will never order from this place again, and neither should you. As an aside I added up 50 an order 5 times a year for 16 years, me and my family have probably spent around 4000 dollars at this one place throughout that time.Bye bye.
5	Good food good beer,  bring the family.  I prefer lunch because you get more but dinner is great too.  Great service,  great service!!!
2	A fake plant in the corner was so thick with dust it made me question the cleanliness of the kitchen. Every door was dirty even the entrance doors which were glass and easy to clean. Food was not awesome.
1	Okay used to be a 5 quickly turned into a 1 star all because of one night my family & I had been screwed over by this place.. If you have a family of 4 or more be prepared to wait wait wait and watch everyone else eat & leave before you even get the sight of food. I really enjoyed getting the hot tea they bring to your table before your meal I didn't even receive that we got one pot for 8 people including children.. two people were served food after 2 hours I honestly question myself why we waited so long waited some more, two people in our family finished their meal and the rest of us were still waiting. Did not even refill water, told the server continuously that other guests were eating and leaving before we even got a plate of something...we decided to leave we expressed our frustration to the "owner" if that's what she even was and we refused to pay for nothing we received, we stormed out of there and she had the nerve to run out and record all of our license plates.. are you flipping kidding me.. no one was kidding when they told us "all they care about is, you got your food right?" The two out of eight people that came to dinner came back to the restaurant asked for them to please throw out the license plate numbers they "sightly" discounted the bill for the two plates & we now vow to never return to this crap hole of a restaurant. I will miss that lemon chicken but im sure there is another restaurant out there that would gladly appreciate our money than this place...oh & I went into labor a few hours after this to top it all off. thanks little shanghai, thanks for sending me into labor....
5	Good Chinses food in town. And good service.
4	The $6.50 lunch special here is an incredible deal. You get soup to start, and then your main course comes with fried rice, a fried wonton, and a spring roll. I had the lemon chicken, and it was great-- very tender, yummy sweet sauce, and tons of chicken. I will definitely return.
3	Nice food for the price. Typical American Chinese food. Portions were good and the cuts of meat were very good and tender. Sauces were good without being too sweet. Definitely will eat there again.
1	Overpriced. Horrible food. An hour and 15 minute wait - are you kidding me? We won't be going back!!!
5	Great atmosphere with good food service was good, lots of seating area.When you walk in you're faced with great lighting and an elevated seating area it was very enjoyable.
4	We called for delivery at around 6:45 or so, and were told it would be between 30-45 minutes; it took a little longer, but there was a good reason!  When our delivery man arrived at the door breathless, he told me his car had broken down a few blocks over where he was making one delivery, but rather than make us wait, he WALKED all the way with our food to make sure we got it!  Tremendous service! The food was delicious, and worth the wait -- plus, SUPER generous portions.  We got Chicken w/Veg and Orange Chicken, and there's enough left of both for at least one, if not two more meals.  The crab puffs were excellent, as well.It's nice to have a good, reliable Chinese delivery in the center of town!
5	By far the best Chinese food in the valley. The interior decor is terribly dated and looks straight out of late 80s early 90s nightclub and lots of ceiling tiles need replacing. Many would view this as a drawback but they don't get the genius. The staff is friendly and familiar. Hot & Sour soup is the best item on the menu. Beef sticks are a close 2nd. The only mediocre dish is the duck. Overall a great place at a great price!!!! Would give them 10 stars if I could
4	Came here on a recent Sunday for lunch with some friends.  Our friends have been here many times and said that Little Shanghai is recently under new ownership.  They open at noon on Sunday and we arrived just after they opened, were the first customers of the day.  I am not sure the sign on the door indicates hours for Sunday??  Anyway, we received attentive and pleasant service.  All 4 of us enjoyed our meals.  We ordered chicken egg fu young, lemon chicken, sweet & sour pork, and chicken w/ vegetables.  Most of the entrees were around $9 each and came w/ family-style white rice.  No lunch specials/combinations available for Sunday (maybe same for Saturday?).  Portions were large and we all ended up with take-home containers for another meal.  Overall I thought the food and experience was good.  I would like to try lunch special when they are offered, would be nice to see something like this on the weekend. The waitress said they will be open through all the holidays including Xmas and New Year's.  Something to remember if you don't feel like cooking....
1	Over prices for quality! No lobster in seafood platter. Pushy and rude waitress. Owner picked his nose behind the bar before making a Mai tai! Seriously.
