5	A beautiful little restaurant with five-star-worthy food at very reasonable prices.I had the chicken with oyster mushroom sauce, and my wife had the flank steak with plum sauce. The lentil soup was hot, very tasty, and a nice start after coming in on a snowy night. The entrees were simply awesome. After sampling both dishes, we both preferred the chicken, but that's not to say anything negative about the steak. They were both rich and intensely flavorful. Finally, the pear and chocolate cake with raspberry sauce was a great end to a memorable meal.The service was good and the atmosphere was very cozy. This was easily the best meal we had on our trip to Montreal.
5	Wonderful service with a Parisian flair.  Incredible food. Reasonable price and beautiful location. Great place for a nice dinner out!!
5	My husband and I had the best meal here. It is elegant, cozy and romantic, and the food is excellent. We had French onion soup,which was superb. I tried the duck confit,though I usually don't like duck. Boy was it great! Best of all, it is very reasonable. Loved it!
1	The receipt we came home with says Restaurant Le Caveau, but the location is not that mentioned on the yelp site.  They might have two locations.  The one we visited was on 410 Place Jaques.  We were in the Old Montreal part of town on Saturday June 8 looking for a spot to eat.  It was the Grand Prix week-end so naturally a lot of places were full.  It was fairly chilly outside and drizzling and we had been walking for close to two hours looking at various places and menus.  Finally we came upon this place and it looked very quaint, with a full patio and outside heaters.  The maitre'd greeted us and informed us that their specialty was seafood, all fresh.  I love seafood so we were sold.  Went to sit inside since we were cold and wet, but as soon as went it, we started questioning our decision.  The place was dated, and not nearly as busy as the patio.  There was also a foul fryer mixed with rotting fish smell so we decided to move outside.we ordered the calamary which was chewy, yellow and tasted old, and the snails which there were only 4 of and no bigger than the ones you get at the keg.  They were covered in cheese and mushrooms (of which there was no mention of on the menu but i happen to like mushrooms so i did not complain).On to mains.  Since they touted that they were known for their seafood i ordered the muscles and my partner ordered the fillet mignon.  Both were awful.  the filet tasted as if had been in the fridge for over 3 weeks - tough with a weird spongy time of texture, and very bad flavour.  The muscles were not fresh and many did not open during the cooking process.  The broth - the little that existed - had no flavour other than overly salty.VERDICT:::very pricey, food quality sub par, service left much to be desired. I am surprised we did not get sick. I would not go back if you paid me.
1	Fries are burnt, the sole is frozen, the pasta are mushy, butter pasta for kids has peppers in it when you ask for 3 times for just butter. The waiter was nice, but the mediocrity of the food makes this an over priced proposition.
