4	You know you've hit the "real thing" when you enter the building that houses Dobe and Andy!!  An office building serves as the backdrop for this incredible culinary experience.  I'm all about glistening well cooked pigs, ducks and chickens hanging in the windows....the almost candied apple appearance of the succulent skin of these animals makes my mouth water just thinking about it!I promised one of my co-workers lunch while in Montreal on business last week and had him choose the spot....and let me tell you I was NOT disappointed.  The place was not overly crowded but abuzz with lots of conversations that I could not make out, because any of the Oriental languages are not my norm.  Obviously a hot spot because if the locals eat there, and you could tell there were plenty of regulars, it has to be good.Dan recommended his favorite dish of rice, steamed baby bok choy topped with the most generous slices of a combination of pork and duck.  Warm tea, not sweet, was served in brightly colored tupperware style cups...you know the ones, right?  Chopsicks and a ceramic soup spoon so you can scoop as fast as you like were served on the side.  No need for seasonings....it was juuuuust right!At a hair over $5 per person, we rolled out of there fully satisfied and ready for a nap.  If you find yourself in Montreal...by all means head to Chinatown specifically to Dobe and Andy's and enjoy!
4	I enjoy dropping in to Dobe & Andy for a quick and cheap bite to eat. I absolutely adore their duck soup and will keep coming back for that exact meal. They're located in the same complex that Maison Kam Fung   is located in. If your hungry and short on cash you can always count on Dobe & Andy to fill you up.
4	Dobe and Andy is the furthest you get from a typical chinatown touristy haunt. This means it's already scored a point.The setting is that of a dingy diner and the place is quite certainly a no-frills joint. But do not let the Chinese-only specials menu and the green tea in plastic cups deter you.I second the pork and duck combo, as well as the Shanghai fried noodles and the soy sauce chicken with rice.I found our server struggling a little with translating the specials menu (breakfast specials, $3.75, lunch specials in the $5 area). At the same time the smiles and enthusiasm completely compensated for the slight language barrier. The food, price and setting alone would earn it three stars (not a place you'd bring a date), but the service is so great I give it the four. Will be back!
4	After being introduced to this little place, my boyfriend and I are smitten. We're always looking for excuses to go to Chinatown so we can stop by and have their really tasty "dong-lai-cha" (cold milk tea) or "dong-ling-cha" (cold lemon iced tea). Unfortunately, they close really early at night (7pm), so it's only really good for lunch or mid-afternoon snack. Everybody's friendly and the food is reasonably priced. It's definitely worth it for the amount of food you get. You will never leave with a stomach empty!
4	Finding our usual soup place (Deer Garden) closed for vacation, my wife and I sought out a similarly inexpensive alternative and were thrilled to stumble upon Dobe & Andy.  We decided to try the Won Ton Soup w/Duck, and also a plate of Soy Sauce Chicken w/Rice and were quite pleased with both.  The Won Ton's were particularly impressive, each containing a ball of pork and an entire small shrimp.  They also serve a variation that includes a Chinese vegetable (the server did not know the its name) with the pork and shrimp, but we decided to save trying that for another day.  We topped everything off with a tasty Bubble Black Tea!
5	For lunch, I had fried noodles with chicken and a coconut milkshake. So delicious! They really give you a lot of food for the price. :)
4	Now Chinatown tends to be one of those hit or miss kind of places. Some restaurants are spot on, some are just plain terrible. This place however, I find offers some of the best bbq duck etc.  It is located underneath Kam Fung and right across a butchery. It doesn't look like much, but you really cannot go wrong with their bbq duck/chicken/pork etc. It's super fast the service and man is it cheap there. We ordered a plate of fries, bbq duck porridge, and soy sauce chicken & bbq duck on rice. All of that? 14 buckaroos baby. I mean it was the cheapest lunch I ever had....in a long time.I do believe this place is open for breakfast too, like at 8AM or something. But anyways, I really recommend eating here if you had to choose from all the restaurants in Chinatown. It's simple, cheap, and fast.
5	Great friendly service, EXCELLENT value, and super quick! Had the lunchtime Sze Chun dumplings, while some other the other folks at the table had noodles and soup. Tasted everything and it was all delicious!
4	C'est mon resto fast food prefere au quartier chinois.le prix est vraiment po cher..et le gout est bon!!le service est rapide aussi!ma plate prefere est le bbq pork noodles...je mange au moins une fois par semain ici...mais la seule chose que je dois dire...le propiete dois renover un peu son resto...
5	One of the best midi/lunch specials I've seen so far. $6.25 + tax will get you a choice of two meats (you can see the deliciousness in the display across the hall, roast duck and pork especially), some baby bok choy and rice. I only managed to eat half of it; it was a mountain of food. They have a lot of choices besides that (noodles, soups, veggies on rice, etc.). May come in early to try the congee at breakfast sometime. The service was really great, all smiles and very efficient. Places like this (in random office buildings, basic on the inside) are pretty common all around Asia, and they're the best places to eat. This place is no exception... Go now!
5	Man, it's good foodI ordered the first thing listed on the menu. Very satisfied with the amount of food and taste. Price worthy. After all the overcharging garbage food from other restaurants, I'd definitely come back for this restaurant when I'm back in Montreal.Go if you're hungry
