4	great chicken!  i dont do the sides. i try to just eat the chicken, peel the skin, salsa, and sneak a small pce of tortilla. i'm getttin this tonight. i forget about this place sometimes, and i dont know why. the service is always great, and the food is hot. Contrary to the name, the chicken hasnt made me crazy......well crazIER.
3	I only get the carmel flan...they hit the spot but I've had better...for the $2 price, you can't go wrong with that.
5	This is my favorite fast food chain in town since I can order stuff that isn't god awful for me.  I haven't eaten a big mac since the fall of 1994! 2 piece breast/wing combo with a double order of steamed veggies always makes for a reasonable lunch...health/pricewise.  I could have the spicy avocado sauce with almost anything...might give corn flakes a try :P
2	I HATE giving bad reviews...its doesn't give me any pleasure or joy but sometimes it needs to be done. My family rolled in here today for our favorite crazy chicken. They took our order for the 10 piece combo meal with 3 sides (coleslaw, pinto beans and french fries) and lots of tortillas (that's what we usually order). All goes off well. We find a booth and chill out for a few minutes, then a few minutes becomes a lot of minutes. People behind us got their orders before us (the orders were the same size as ours)..so we began to wonder. Sure enough...we go up to check on it and they had lost/forgotten our order. They were super apologetic about it and brought it out on the double. The food was cooked to perfection and they even threw in some extra tortillas to make up...that's why they are getting two stars (food quality and willingness to admit their mistake). I will be back again and hopefully I can up them to what should be at least a 4 star review (Yay! I'm a fan).
1	we ordered togo, there was just us and another couple eating there. we waited 25mins and still no food! i finally went up to the cashier and asked how come our food is not ready yet?!? she looked at me like she didnt take my order and asked for my receipt! she talked to the manager and everyone else.. They forgot to do my order!! i was so pissed i asked for my money back!!! they gave me my refund and also my order for free! so... food was pretty good, a bit salty for my taste, and service was bad! will not go to this one again.
4	I really like this place!  It's inexpensive, fast and tasty!  If you go here...you have to try the tortilla rolls and sweet corn!  And get the avocado salsa...muy bueno!
4	I love me some El Pollo Loco.  When I visit California, this is the first place I must eat at.  So when I visited my brother I was super surprised that there was not only El Pollo Loco in Las Vegas, there was one minutes away from his house!I only order their flame-grilled chicken because it's so juicy and the skin is so yummy.  Of course I eat this with their tortillas and top it with some avocado salsa.  So good!
4	I love my Chicken Sald with the cilantro dressing, and there new carnitas tacos. ummm. ummmm, ummmm, ummmmm, ummmm!I've been getting the same thing for a long time until the taco came out.  lol  I usually stick with what I really like.
3	We always eat at El Pollo Loco in California and we needed a little snack so decided to stop by. Apparently they changed the names of some of the things on their menu and did not have the soft chicken tacos I normally order or my husband's classic burrito.Because of no soft chicken tacos I ordered the Taco Al Carbon and the husband ordered the El Tradicional burrito that was supposedly like the classic. We dug in since we were hungry and realized I prefer the old soft chicken tacos they used to have. Don't forget to grab salsa. My fave if the Avocado Salsa and Salsa Roja which is a little bit spicy. Overall good place to grab a quick bite. Still getting used to their new options on the menu. I love chicken so I really like this place.
4	I eat here all the time because it is so convenient for me.  I love the chicken here beacuse the skin is so flavorful and very inexpensive for a quick meal near my house.Staff here is really nice.
1	One and done for this location. I went on a Thursday night at 6:15 pm after a long day working  to order a family meal and was told they were out of chicken breasts, truly unbelievable. That is like calling Pizza Hut only to be informed they are out of Pizza. So I get all legs and thighs with rice, beans and flour tortillas. When I get home I discover that  they gave me corn tortillas even though my receipt say flour. The large side of rice was not even fully cooked  and was the worst Spanish rice I have ever tasted, definitely not what I have come to  expect from El Pollo Loco. This all adds up to poor management in my opinion. Stay away and go elsewhere.
4	Scary when I considered eating at El Pollo Loco as eating healthy.  But it's healthier than most of the restaurants that I will frequent throughout the week.  I don't go to this particular Loco often, only when I'm getting my cut at Xpress Cuts.  Cleanliness is hit or miss here.  Sometimes it's super clean and sometimes it's just missing some housekeeping.  But I put that blame on the guest that don't clean up after themselves.  I really don't go outside the box when I visit El Pollo Loco. It's usually 5 Chicken Legs or their 3 piece combo.  Regardless what choose, I'm shredding the chicken meat and eating it burrito style.  TIP:  This drive thru is crazy busy and at all times of the day. One reason this drive thru gets busy is because it wraps around Wells Fargo Bank.  There has to be at least 2 times I've been here where someone thought they were in line for the ATM.  My suggestion, dine in or get your meal inside.
3	I love this place. I love everything about it. Food is good. Chicken is tasty and hot (temperature, not spice). Its healthier than regular fast food depending on what you order. Prices are cheap. The salsa bar offers variety. The unlimited amount of onions, my favorite part!! Anyone who has been to one knows that it's delish. So why only 3 stars? For some reason, I don't know what it is, my order ALWAYS, let me repeat, ALWAYS, is wrong. I order a 3 piece meal, I get a 2 piece. I order a side salad, there's no dressing. I want rice as a side, I get fries. I go through the drive though, they forget my utensils. Something has always been wrong with my order. The employees there, friendly and fast. But seriously, get it together please. I love this place a lot, and it's not going to stop me from eating here, but please make sure the order is correct before handing it over to me. That is all.
4	I usually don't review fast food but I have to say I have never really been disappointed here. They have gluten free options which is a huge wow factor for fast food.My food is always tasty. Not a fan of the flame roasted corn but thats personal preference. Staff is typical fast food staff. Unfriendly, short fused teenagers but hey what ya gonna do, ya don't go there for the service.
5	Yum yum yum! Love the grilled chicken. Not greasy and full of flavor.Fast food that's not really fast food. We got the family meal deal and every part of it was delicious. If the potatoes ARE boxed, then it sure as heck fooled me cause it was thick and tasted like home made mashed potatoes. Complete with salad and corn cobs too. We pounded that meal like it was the last one on earth. Well, for us Hawaiians, it was, at El Pollo Loco anyway. :)The cinnamon rice drink was also delish! It was like drinking a churro. Great stuff. We'll definitely go back for more when we get back to the mainland.
3	Pollo Loco is usually my go to lunch spot when I'm in a hurry and want something relatively healthy on the go. This was my first time at this particular location and they were packed at lunch. Given the long wait and large amount of volume they seem to serve here, I thought the food would be fresher. That's usually case when there is high turnover. My chicken was dry and you could tell it had been sitting there a while since it had been grilled. They forgot my salsas, so I had to eat them plain, which was even harder to tolerate since the chicken was so dry. Service was friendly and I'd probably stop by here again if I'm in the need of a quick lunch.
2	Service is okay but the food is by far below-average. the chicken thigh is smaller than an actual chicken size thigh.  Unless el polo loco have started using free range chicken.This isn't the first time I can here. Almost every el polo loco I've been too have reduced their chicken sizes from the actual sizes!I wish there's a law out there that also watches out for these things. I'm sure there is, I just don't know if they're out there, if they are then they really aren't doing their rounds!It is the same as stealing a penny here and there in broad day light!The only el polo loco that impressed me is the one in Carson, California. Maybe I'll come back to El polo loco one day once their chicken is back to the size that I'm actually paying for!2 pieces of chicken thigh for $3.00!?? I could get more at Von's or albertson a better deal!!!
5	The citrus/spiced grilled chicken is awesome!  Beats the other greasy fast food places hands down.  Fresh salsa and pico etc.  is really great.  Had to eat here twice on my trip.   Too bad there is no franchise in the Midwest!
4	Good service and great food!! Not greasy or overdone, delicious chicken and fresh vegetables.
2	Let me start by saying .. I never give bad reviews. I always go with reason when I have a bad experience and focus on the plus side of things. I was reluctant to even write this one. The food is always tasty and fresh. However, the girl who seems to be the manager/supervisor is needing some direction. Bad experience dining in and for drive thru. I'm pretty she's the same girl who takes the orders for the drive thru. She's by far the rudest person in drive thru history. She was even snappy to us once! She obviously can't stand people and has no patience (it wasn't overly busy the past 2 times when we experienced this). She'd be better at just prepping the food with no customer contact.. although I read another review that mentioned her and she wasn't doing that properly either. She also acts like she's right when she gets the order wrong or gets huffy when we have to repeat the order to correct it. She seems annoyed to be there and annoyed with the public in general. Even when she has tried to be nice when handing off the order, she comes off as fake. I'll be back because the food is good and quick. Hopefully the 5th time will be the charm. Optimistically, maybe we happen to catch her on her bad days?
5	Blanca was a pleasure. When we came in we had no idea about the new menu we normally get the $5 taco Al Carbon meal.. She was knowledgeable and also professional! It was FRESH&FAST! We enjoyed our dinner! I will recommend this location to all friends and family thanks Blanca for making it a great experience!
4	Some of the best tacos I've tasted for the pice, has a restaurant feel, the smell of fresh chicken cooking, nothing seems to be processed, burritos are fat  and in good portions. I really enjoyed eating there
2	Food is OK for fast food. But they keep messing up orders. The biggest thing that bugs me is they never heat up the tortillas enough, always to soft and still almost raw. They ask if you want salsa, then don't give it.
4	Great flame grilled taste!! Chicken is always good, don't forget to order the chicken tortilla soup!!! Ordered the 8 piece with soup 2 sides and 4 chocolate churros for  $20 great deal except I didn't check the order and I noticed NOOOOO CHURRRROOOS!!!
