1	I'm not one for horrible reviews, or bashing an establishment. However this breakfast place takes the cake on worst restaurant in Montreal. My bestfriend and I went on a tuesday afternoon after an appointment at the jewish general down the street. I ordered the eggs Benedict and she ordered a scrambled mexican omelette or sort. My hollandaise sauce was rotten, not just didn't taste good, but rotten and clumpy. (it takes a while for sauce like this to go bad.) When I returned my plate to the kitchen, they didn't offer an apology or even to replace it with something else. My friends meals came with brown avocado and the eggs were poorly cooked, the waitress merely took her plate and didn't ask her if she was finished or anything and left us sitting there for about 20 minutes before I could even get her attention. Finally the manager Christina came over, with bills and told us we had to pay and get out, she told us we could file a complain at head office (which you can only leave a message and no one calls you back..its been a week so far and i've left a message every day since) she was just rude and obnoxious and could give two shits that the restaurant she worked at was serving rotten food. (literally). I've worked in the industry for close to 7 seven years and my i've never been so insulted in my life, so over all food was horrid, customer service was a joke and I recommend you dont even step food in this restaurant.
4	I am very surprised that there are not more reviews for this excellent restaurant.  My DD has taken a dozen visitors to Montreal to this restaurant and for good reason.  She took us there yesterday and we returned today.  Within the egg specialty their menu is very large and diverse.  Yes a simple two egg any style breakfast is available.  But so is a large variety eggs benny, omelettes and all manner of other egg dishes and egg combos.   Endless coffee refills.  All in all a good choice.Our service was great on day one and just above OK on day two but 2nd day we had a clearly less experienced server.We've now been travelling for nearly 10 weeks so know good  value when we eat it.RECOMMENDED.
5	I visited many breakfast places and this one is a special one because of the service, the cozy place and the best food. All the waitresses were adorable. The ratio price quality is decent. I recommend it.
1	We walked out the door. The hostess was not welcoming at all. Sat us down and then for about 15 minutes; nothing. No hello, no glass of water, no menus, nothing. Seriously? We only had an hour to eat so this was really unacceptable. We left and went next door
