5	Dr. Miller is the best example that I know of what a small town vet should be like.  He genuinely likes all of the animals that he treats and spends any amount of time with you that you need as the concerned "parent".My best example that shows why you should go to his office instead of a big or little box vet occurred this past weekend.  After picking up my dog from the groomer I noticed something that was concerning and decided to drive by his office on the way home.  Knowing that I would be lucky to find the office open much less being able to get time with him, I hoped that I might be able to set up an appointment.I actually found him in the parking lot locking up for the day.  He closed up the office and then looked at my dog in the parking lot.  Then we talked in the parking lot for twenty minutes about my sports car and his soccer injury.  The chat is not necessary but it gives you time (as it did for me that day) to think about any other questions that you might have.If you are looking for a puppy then you should give him a call for a recommendation for a breeder.  He seems to be aware of or provides services for a lot of breeders (especially golden retrievers).
5	I just got back from taking my dogs to Dr. Miller and had to write a review. I chose Dr. Miller based on the previous reveiw on Yelp and I have to tell you - he's probably one of the best vets in North Carolina! I moved here 2 years ago from Colorado where there's an excellent vet on almost every corner and I've struggled finding one here. Dr. Miller mixes holistic veterinary care into his practice, which is something I've had a hard time  finding. He doesn't believe in excess tests and vaccines and his fees are very reasonable. He takes the time to get to know you and your pet. I brought in my senior (12.5yrs) dog, who's been to several vets trying to find relief from her arthritis. Dr. Miller spent so much time watching her walk, testing her mobility and skeletal functions and determined what she needed. No other vet I've been to spent that much time trying to do the best for her. He also helped me to determine what the best Heartworm and flea/tick medicines are for my dogs, since we don't have to use them in Colorado. I never realized there were so many choices! This practice is so much better than the factory atmosphere you get with a large one, but since Dr. Miller spends so much time with his patients you have to have patience waiting. Or just schedule the first appointment in the morning! He's worth the wait!
5	Took my dog to Miller Animal Hospital yesterday for the first time. Had a wonderful experience. Dr. Miller and his staff are very friendly and really make you feel welcome and at complete ease. He took his time examining my dog and explaining what was wrong and what he thought the solution should be. He vaccinated her, cleaned her ears and gave her meds. The cherry on top was definitely when it came time to pay, I was shocked at how inexpensive it was, especially with everything he did and in comparison to other veterinary practices. I will DEFINITELY be coming back!! Thank you Dr. Miller.
1	I'm kinda shocked to see these reviews.  Though I did not choose to pursue it with the NC Veterinary board as my grief was too great, my dog died after routine xrays 15 minutes after walking out the door.  Took them a week to give me my medical records and come up with their cover story of what happened.  Another Vet who attended my girl at the time of her death deemed it anaphlyaxis.  They administered a questionable pre-sedative and my girl paid the price.
