4	Brand new liquor store. Still smells like new.Lots of interesting beers, a handy selection of wine and some different spirits. I was after something specific (Luxardo maraschino), which they didn't have but said they'd order in for me, so points to them for service. Soon, soon I will be drinking delicious Aviations. (Darn you Raconteur for getting me hooked on obscure liquors. I was happy with Belhaven Best. Way to open my eyes). Now to see if they follow through on my request.
5	Just wanna say I'm really impressed with this place. It's clean, new, theres a huge variety of drink. Wines, Beers, Spirits... PLUS the staff are very knowledgable with a smile on their face! I really recommend checking out this place! It really made me excited to try beers I've never had. I even got a Monty Python one here as a gift for my brother. quality.
5	Came here to buy some alcohol to take back home from Scotland and were hugely impressed, not only by the selection, but by the friendly staff.  And, when one of our party accidentally left her credit card behind, they went _incredibly_ out of their way to try and track her down--seriously, we had mentioned what hotel a few of us were staying at, and they went there to find her! Incredible customer service, great recommendations (my husband LOVED the beer I brought back for him), and super selection.  If I lived in Edinburgh, this would be my go-to liquor store!
5	Great shop. Out front they have an amazing selection of wines and beers - their Belgian selection alone is worth a trip of considerable distance - and through the back they keep their seriously big hitters.I popped in yesterday and picked up a couple of bottles of Bogle Petite Syrah (not that pricey but not that common either) and got an appreciative grin from the woman serving before she supplied some background to the wine and the producer.  Made me feel pretty good, certainly better than when I pick up a permo-half price bottle of 'Knots Landing' from the local super.I was also tempted into buying a small stock of Orval beer which no one should be without of too long. Great customer experience.
2	Good wine and beer selection, but not many interesting spirits.  I was looking for Raki which is not that obscure, although not many people over here seem educated about this Turkish speciality, which is very similar to Pastis.  When asked if they could order it in, was told "not many people would want it to be honest".  A previous post mentions them ordering in an item specially, so why not Raki? It seems they have a misconception about this lovely drink.
5	Drinkmonger has a really excellent selection of wines/beers/spirits, as well as staff who are excited about what they sell and keen to have a chat about it.I come in here almost entirely for beers because I think what they have on offer is just about the best variety around and The Man has developed quite the enjoyment for small (330ml) bottles of strong beers which he makes extra poncy by drinking out of a wine glass. Good variety, good staff, not sure what else you need!
