1	When first reserving a room at the inn I thought ' what a perfect location, just south of University on Mill Ave. you really cant get better then that for a night out on Mill.' One slight problem crossed my mind, no picture on the website. After arriving there I now understand the lack of photos, the place was a dump. The cost of the room was far too high for what this motel has to offer, ($106/ night, and that's with a AAA discount) After checking  in I walk to my room to find the beds had not been made, there were towels on the floor and the room smelt as if something had died and been left there for days, I of course requested to switch rooms. The next  room I received had one working outlet, the light switch didn't work, and I had to have my key fixed by the clerk 3 times. Also the service there is horrid, the front desk clerk may very well be the rudest man I have met in a extremely long time. After all this they also charged my credit card an extra $200 two days after I had checked out. Absolutely awful!!!
1	This place is everything you'd expect and LESS.  We came to town for the Phoenix Rock 'n Roll Half Marathon.  What a great location; just a few blocks from the the starting point.  Shabby and neglected are the hallmarks of this lodging facility.  It is long overdue for an entire renovation. The bathroom functions but was dirty and disgusting.  The shower had cracked and mismatched tiles everywhere.  There is a ceiing exhaust fan missing its cover.  No soap, shampoo, or kleenex tissues were provided.  In lieu of kleenex was a roll of toilet paper.  There are no window coverings in the bathroom.  If you're not an exibitionist, this is not a place for you.  Switch and outlet plate covers have been painted over mulitiple times and some outlets were not grounded.  This is problematic if you have a three-prong cord to plug in.  There was so many layers of paint on the closet door that it would stick when opening and closing it.  (I think you're getting the picture.)  Service.  What service?  On Saturday we left the room around 9:30 a.m. and returned at 7:00 p.m.  Absolutely no room service.  The bed remained unmade, no clean towels, and the trash had not been emptied..  The desk personnel were unresponsive and rude.  Normal check-out is 11:00 a.m.  We were granted a one-hour late check-out. on Sunday  When we returned at 11:30 a.m. we had been locked out of the room and admonished for not leaving by 11:00 a.m.  Regardless of the convienent location I would not stay here again and would advise others to avoid it to the maximum extent possible.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I witnessed an auto accident right in front of the hotel, so I pulled in to the parking lot to stay with the people who had been involved and wait for the police to give my statement. Emergency personnel showed up within minutes and my husband and I waited while the police talked to the two people who had been involved. In the meantime, the office person on duty came out and approached me and the woman who had been nearly hit in the accident and told us that we needed to move our vehicles out of his otherwise empty lot. "My customers complain when they don't have the room to park that they're promised." I replied with a smile, "I think you have enough spaces available." The man snapped back at me, with the emergency situation clearly in front of him, pointed a finger at me (an adult woman) and said, "don't be a smartass with me!"Rude and unnecessary behavior earns you poor ratings, University Inn. Be nice to people serving a civic duty.
