3	I'm sure this place will liven up a bit, as the shops at Park West begin to fill up. There's pretty much... nothing... open at night, except the Sandbar Mexican Grill... wayyyy at the end of the mall. Cheers for the Kierland-like layout, by the way. But for now, it's a movie theater. It's clean. We did self-service tickets. Kind of hard to be impressed, when other places like Cine Capri or IMAX theaters exist. Eh.
4	Bummer that more of the shops and restaurants aren't open yet, as from the looks of the place it oughta be a decent spot to spend a lazy afternoon with a loved one or friends.As for the theater itself, I haven't seen a movie in theaters since Star Wars Ep.3 was released (yes, I'm aware that's over 5 years ago) and it was nice to see that ticket and concession prices haven't risen at the rate of gasoline prices. The kids working the ticket booth and concession registers were nice enough although being offered popcorn along with our drinks 3 times was a little excessive.We went to see Iron Man and it was not even half full which was great. The seats are comfy, the projection and sound systems worked fine, the movie itself was pretty good also. No trash that I could see, the floors weren't sticky with spilled soda or ??? (a nice change of pace), it was a good experience.After seeing how crowded the Harkins at 99th and McDowell can get (just from the looks of the parking lot) I've decided that this is a better spot to catch a movie if all you're after is the show itself.
4	We prefer this location for our movie enjoyment.  And as you know Harkins has great deals with their drink cups and T-shirt/popcorn.Clean, convenient good restaurants around.
1	Not the normal type of place I would review, but I came here last night with a few friends to see Shutter Island. At 9pm at night.On a Sunday.The theater was packed but it was opening weekend so that was to be expected.Now Shutter Island is (supposed to be) a creepy, scary movie. It has violence and full frontal male nudity. Why on earth would people bring their kids to see this?? That's right. Children. No let me expand on that. Babies, toddlers. The kid next to me was maybe five at the oldest.Now, I have nothing against kids. I love them, want my own. My issue was really with their parents and theater staff. So kids are crying, talking loudly and the kid next to me threw his booster seat on the ground and was kicking it. It's noisy.Theater staff did nothing explaining that they were children and sometimes children make noise.Are you f-ing kidding me? That response is just unacceptable. I just paid $50 to sit in a grown up movie late at night and I want, no, I should be guaranteed the right to enjoy myself for those 2 hours.I know kids make noise. My niece is probably one of the noisiest kids ever and I love her to pieces, but if she's not behaving and she is interrupting other peoples peaceful enjoyment of whatever it is they're doing, then I don't allow that and I will take her outside until she calms down. Theater staff needs to realize that a complaint like mine was about noisy kids yes, but ultimately its the parents that need a speaking to.
5	Great theater.   Very clean  nICE STAFF
3	So I have been back a few times since the original post. The theater is clean and nice. It is a bit frustrating that no matter what theater you go to or what company it is owned by, the staff always seems to move at a snails pace.Last night I came to see The Bounty Hunter. Ordered two large soft drinks which took 5 minutes to fill.The cashier moseyed on down two registers down to get one cup (even though there were cups in the size I ordered at the register I was at) and moseyed on back. Put a scoop of ice in the cup. Looked inside the cup, pondered to himself if there was enough ice in it, then put more ice, then poured some ice out then filled the cup. He then repeated the process for the second drink but stopped for a minute to talk to another cashier. I just keep having to tell myself that the souvenir cups and tee shirts make the price worth the pain...
3	It's the typical Harkins.  Yeah, I have a stack full of cups back home that I always forget to bring.  : )They really need a better selection at the snack bar of some foods that are not high fat and high sodium.  And snack bar prices for what they do have are insultingly high.  They are pretty proud of their food.
4	This is the hubby and mine's theatre of choice. It's a little further down from the much closer Harkins Gateway near our house, but that place is always packed with kids out front trying to catch a date...thus resulting in the worst movie experience possible. The last thing I need is for two 15 year olds to ruin a good movie for me while they're trying to hook up or texting in the middle of the movie. We've yet to have a bad experience at Park West (knock on wood). We find the audiences here to be a little older and more respectful, so we've always had a pleasant viewing experience here. We see a lot of couples come here sans kids, just trying to enjoy their Friday night. The theatres are pretty clean and well kept as well.
5	Our favorite theater by far! We have a movie theater in Surprise but prefer to drive and come to this one. Overall clean and friendly staff.
5	we love this theatre!!! we've been going to this location ever since they opened and it never disappoints.  we've never had any problems with parking (even at their busiest ) and the place is clean (theatres and restrooms) and they have friendly staff.don't forget that if you buy or recharge a harkins gift card with at least $25, they give you a coupon for a free medium popcorn and for $1 more you can upgrade it to a large popcorn.  it also helps to buy their refillable cup - it's $4.75 when you first purchase the cup but refills are only $1.  and as far as candies go, you're better off buying the theatre size candies at walgreens for $1 - in the theatre they're around $3.25 for the same size.
4	While we live within walking distance of Ultra Star, I am more than happy to drive the 8 miles out of my way to come to this theater. It's always bright, always clean, and the staff of able-teenagers is always polite. I do like my teenage employee peeps to be polite and make eye contact with the customers and Harkins does seem to train these kids right!I love the discounts offered at the snack bar for frequent movie goers. I love that the theaters are clean after every showing. I love that the seats are comfortable and the sound is just right. While Harkins can't be held accountable for the few idiots that venture out to go to the movies and have to provide their own subtext to the movie going experience, Harkins is responsible for every other part of my experience and I have yet to be disappointed when I go to this theater.
4	I liked to frequent this Harkins more than most in the valley cause it still seems tucked away to me. The shopping center that its located in is not very big by any means. And with Westgate a mile down the road with expensive ass AMC. You can just drive up the road to this Harkins and see the same movie for a little cheaper. It does get crowded but what movie theater doesn't get crowded on the weekends? But I never find the crowd to overwhelming. And despite it being crowded getting in and out of the parking lot or shopping center for that matter is a breeze. And its literally right off the freeway so your never really stuck in traffic.
1	I've been always loyal to AMC Theatres. The movie I was planning to see was sold out at Westgate, so I decided to drive 2 miles down the street to the Park West. When I went to buy the ticket's, the salesperson didn't even look at me. When I went to buy a pretzel at the consession stand, i said thank you and the worker just gave this stingy look. The only good thing about the theatre is that seat's are comfortable.
4	Nice area to catch a movie, lots of nice restaurants that I tend to forget that are there.  Went here yesterday to see the Lorax and it was not crazy and even had 2 different theaters that I could watch the movie in.  Super clean and nice inside, clean bathrooms which is important to me.
4	Dig the theaters...dig the movies....always clean and employees are always nice!Cons:1. Can't kick out the snow birds that don't reazile that they DO NOT OWN THE THEATER durring the matinae. 2. Can't kick out the older folks that don't realize that they are not whispering!3. Have to complain a million times to get the brats that are texting and playing throughout the movie.4. Can't kick out the loud candy eaters5. Can't punch the dumb paretn that brings thier 10 year old to a rated R movie and then tries to explain SEX to them durring the movie!6. Can't punch the dumb parents who let thier kids play all over the theaterI don't think it's right that I should have to pay a million dollars for greasy popcorn, cold pretzles, and 4 gummy worms! Other than that....I LOVE these theaters!
4	I am a fan of this Harkins.  I live closer to another one, but that one is just packed with super rude kids.  I rather drive a little further.  This place is clean, and employees are nice.
4	Without question, one of the best movie theaters to go to. It would have gotten 5 stars, but I had a recent bad experience. I went on a Wednesday to see "SAFE" with Jason Statham and there was no one at the booth to purchase a ticket from. I saw the guy helping another customer inside, which is fine, but he should not leave without having someone take over for him. I banged on the window several times and he just ignored me. So I went inside and interrupted his conversation and said, "There's no one at the window to buy tickets from." He apologized and immediately sold a ticket to me. Unfortunately he didn't have change and it took another 2-3 mins to get that. I was already running late and didn't want to miss the beginning of the film. Thankfully, they show a lot of trailers before it starts. By the time I got my food and went in, the last trailer was just finishing up. Otherwise the theater is the bomb, especially during the weekdays when all the kids are still in school. Wait time in the food line is minimal and I also get a front seat wear I can put my feet up on the bars and recline. The popcorn is decent and you can put your own butter on it. It gives me a stomach ache if I eat to much of it though. I've tried hot dogs, french fries, pizza, etc.. and it's all pretty good, but way overpriced of course. Bathrooms are usually clean and the theaters are swept and cleaned after each show, so you're not stepping is sticky stuff when you go to sit down. Overall the best Harkins Theater I've been to expect maybe for the Harkins Capri in Scottsdale. Stay away from the Arizona Mills, Metro and Christown theaters. They are horrible and usually very overcrowded.
5	The theater is very nice and clean and the employes are very helpful.the only think I do not really enjoy about the complex is the way the parking is set up
4	As far a movie theaters go, this one is just fine. The employees are always helpful and kind. Its always clean, along with the restrooms. The popcorn is usually fresh! For some reason this theater doesn't get as packed as other theaters at the early matinee showings. That is always a good thing. My boy and I live at this theater during the summer blockbusters. We show up to the first Saturday am showing and then grab lunch at one of the surrounding eateries. That's another nice thing about this theater. There are quite a few things to walk around and peruse or sit for a bite if you're in no hurry to go anywhere else. Plenty of stuff within a 5 minute drive also. If you see movies like we see movies then I'll make the suggestion to purchase the popcorn t-shirt and the souvenir cups. They save you buku bucks in the long run. You get refills in your cups for a dollah! With the shirt you get a free medium popcorn with the option to upgrade to a large for a dollah! Oh la la!
4	What can you say about a movie theater?? I prefer Harkins. Their popcorn is better that the rest and they have toppings to put on their popcorn. The theater is always clean and everyone greets you with hi, hope you enjoyed the show.
5	This theater is my theater of choice. I always try to come to this one over the gateway 18. It's quiet and the crowd is older so usually there's no texting during the movie. The location is great, they have nice places to eat and shop around. Like all Harkins it has:1. Loyalty Cups ($1 refills)2. Loyalty T-shirts (Free popcorn)3. Military DiscountIf you live within the area, I would highly recommend this theater over gateway 18 and arrowhead 18.
3	Been here a couple of times, not a bad place at all. Has everything you need, seats are comfortable a snack bar with a wide variety of selections. Popcorn seem to be on the salty side, but nothing a diet coke can wash away? This is not our prefer location(to far away) but if we had a opportunity to come back we would!
5	I LOVE THIS THEATER!It's usually not that busy (we went on New Year's Day so it was a bit more busy than usual), but still beats other locations that are overrun with attitude filled teenagers!  It's also kept very clean!Outdoor ticket kiosks are great so you can avoid the indecisiveness of some patrons.  Push a few buttons, slide your card, grab your ticket and go!  They had PLENTY of lines open at concession and were filling orders very quickly and with a smile on their faces.  Popcorn is the bomb and of course they have FREE seasonings! Yes...FREE!  The only thing I will say is starting this year...loyalty cup refills are now going to be $1.50 as opposed to $1.  It's okay...better than paying $4.00 a visit!  I love how the staff is always waiting to clean the theater as soon as the movie is over and they thank you for coming and are just happy and seem to really like their jobs!Thanks Harkins for always making movie going experience enjoyable and problem free!
4	I really love this theater and here's why....- Loyalty cups (used to be $1/refill but now $1.50 but I won't complain about a 50 cent increase when I'm still saving money)- Popcorn T-shirts (free popcorn when you wear it)- Military, student, senior discounts.  Even without the discounts the tickets are always less expensive than AMC- GREAT customer service!There are other Harkins Theaters closer to where I live but this one is always cleaner and the experience is always better so it's definitely worth the drive.
4	best theather in the west valley. Its away from westgate so no long lines no traffic. The crowd that goes here is mostly family type so its nice to go there.
5	This is our go to spot to catch a movie.  Not a single thing to complain about.
4	I will be here a lot this summer for their summer movie deal with my daughter which is great! Best deal is to buy a t-shirt for the medium popcorn voucher and buy a cup so you can get $1.50 refills. I have had a couple of issues with movies breaking down here but all in all it is a great sized theater that I appreciate and really clean!
5	How have I never reviewed my favorite movie theater in the valley yet?!  My husband and I are ultra movie buffs and go to the movies often.  I despise AMC theaters out here, because I swear to you, their seats are super uncomfortable vs. Harkins (I have a bad back, so I'm a bit picky).  We don't like the UltraStar in Surprise because it is a bit cramped.  Not only is Harkins a local theatre...and I feel great about supporting it each time we go, but...stick with me here...they are the only theatre that has the popcorn flavor toppers!!  I never used to eat movie theatre popcorn and chose candy instead.  But there's no way I can go without getting popcorn so I can cover it with the white cheddar flavor...but I digress.  I'm supposed to be reviewing the Park West location.We used to go to the Palm Pavilion theatre off of the 101 and McDowell, but it is OVERRUN by teenagers at all hours of the day (except maybe the first showing of the day).  The parking there is a bit of a pain in the rear.  So, we stumbled upon Park West when it first opened and never hesitate to go there first.  Even on opening night, the theater isn't as packed with teenagers and unruly kids.  We do tend to go on Saturday or Sunday mornings and still avoid evening shows.  The other day we went to the very first showing at 9:55 and it was glorious to have the parking lot and the theater almost all to ourselves!  I almost hate advertising these things I love about PW because I don't want too many people realizing it is so fantastic.  As long as the unruly teenagers and kids stay away, I'll be totally cool with that!
5	The Batman was Awesome...... No Crazy Stupid ness occured.... Thank God no shooting... Nut Then again... I am My brothers keeper and i fear nithing in tge Dark
4	This is the only theater that my family and I attend. It is always very clean and well staffed. The people working are friendly and knowledgable.
5	Love going to this theater because there is usually no line and quiet. Not to mention that the blu burger and grimaldi's is close by for a nice late dinner and night cap
5	This is my go-to theater :)Smallest crowds of all the surrounding theaters- unless we're talking midnight premiers for Twilight and the likes. The tweens spare no one!! Wide variety of show times Good parking- it's plentiful and all aroundFriendly staff- there are people here who I've seen grow up!.. yes, I'm old -_- Good food/shopping options within walking distance for before or after your movie :)
4	No real complaints for this place. Lines are usually small and you are able to get in and get your food relatively quickly. Price is always high for the movies (my only complaint). All-in-all: A theater that lacks the large crowds that most other theaters have, but has  the good customer service that most movie theaters adopt.
5	Just seen the movie last Vegas very good movie I highly recommend this movie it is really funny probably excellent date movie so grab yourself a date and go have a good laugh it's a great pick me up before you go to Vegas that's why I'm going.
5	Good time to see a movie no one's here this early going to see last VegasNew movies open tonight and there's nobody here perfect time to see a movie,  (Good for us)Always a good time at this theater nice clean restrooms friendly staff is very consistent
5	Just seeing Free-bird at the 10 PM showing just got out it was cuteGood time to see a movie no one's here this early going to see last VegasNew movies open tonight and there's nobody here perfect time to see a movie,  (Good for us)
4	Less packed better service
5	I agree with many of the other reviews! Harkins has great customer service, I love the loyalty cup.This location is nice, good parking, chairs and everything still comfortable. Great popcorn, they have Dr. Pepper (my fave).
5	Great customer care and is very clean! All the staff walk around with smiles makes me happy to come in and watch a movie. Btw the pretzels are bomb
5	Love this theatre it's ALWAYS clean and is never packed. Unlike Harkins Gateway on 99th Ave and McDowell which always is over crowded with people. Great places to shop and eat after or before a movie. I would recommend this theatre to anybody.
5	For Harkins Theatres, I say this is the best one on the west side of the Valley.   Clean, decent number of showings/Theatres and have summer promotions for kids.
5	This harkins is very packed, maybe it's the weekend but it's a very nice harkins compare to the other ones and they are much bigger too. The people who work here are very friendly and easy going. They talk to you asking how's the movie and say to enjoy. Very nice.
5	Godzilla was awesome, this Harkins Theaters was very busy, more than normal or maybe because its the weekend. Either way we enjoyed our movie and the staffs are friendly and theater was very clean and well taken care of. No trash on the floor and everything was just great.
4	Went to see transformers today. Attendant have me the wrong ticket but I found the theater very clan and had a great selection of food.
1	Absolutely the worst Harkin's Theatre I've ever been to. My first encounter with their poor customer service representatives was when my phone had had accidentally been left at their theatre. Calling prior hand, they said it was alright that I come get my phone even though their theatre was closing, so I immediately rushed over. When I had arrived, their were people behind the doors cleaning and walking around as I sat there for 30 minutes knocking and trying to get them to answer, just so I could have my phone back. They continued to ignore me, so I'm already unsatisfied with their lack of communication and effort to help me out.The second occasion I've been to this theatre was today..... and it will absolutely be my last! After purchasing our tickets, 15 minutes before the movie started, my husband and I waited at the concession for 20 minutes in 1 line while customers, not even standing in line, where called over to order before us. Frustrated as can be, when I finally got to the counter 25 minutes later, I asked the inconsiderate employee behind the counter if she could hurry up and that she had been wasting my time cleaning up pointless messes instead of getting my order. She smiled and looked around me at other customers giggling as I'm handing her my rewards cup. She is still not attending or paying attention to what I'm asking her..... She gives me a sarcastic attitude and asks me to taste the Dr. Pepper (clearly the only thin I wanted!) in case i might not like it.... Still wasting my time.... Then asks me if I want nachos or anything else.... Still wasting my time! I tell her NO and to hurry up and give me my drink, so then I hand her a 5.00$! She puts the whole thing in her drawer and says "have a nice day" once again smiling and being sarcastic! I tell her she needs to give me my change! Um.. I'm sorry, since when did refills cost 5.00$ instead of 1.50$! She says "whoops, (with a smirk) let me get my TL," and then giggles again. Clearly wasting my time!! Her TL comes over already giving me attitude because this inconsiderate, unknowledgeable, and retarded employee can't do basic math skills, and tells me he will handle her later. I told him that he should because she is being extremely disrespectful, but he retaliates back and has the nerve to tell ME, the CUSTOMER that I'm being the disrespectful one. I then ask for my money so I can leave because of his disrespectful attitude, so he shoves the cash in my hand and slams the change onto my drink. Message to BBB: send someone on this business immediately! They need to fire quite a few people!
3	This was probably the 3rd time I came here. Also, my step dad comes here all the time. The service is alright the staff could have a lot better customer service.The staff seemed preoccupied with side conversations. The concession area wasnt packed but because the side conversations and the constant wiping of the counters made it extremely hard to actually make it to the movie on time. The theater was not fully clean when we went in, I got gum on my pants. These kids snuck in from the exit which made it hard and there was constant walking around by the staff and the kids were moving around.
5	I love this movie. Clean. Friendly. Management is always on their employees about customer service. They are a bit pricey but worth it. I always go an hour early because the theatre gets busy quick. Love the shopping and food around it. Always clean and on time. Awesome experience
4	Nice theatre located in a shopping area.  It has early shows which is convenient for us.
5	Not only does this theater play the current, popular movies, but it is in a great location with plenty of parking, nearby areas to eat or hang out before and after the movie, and close to the freeway. The staff is always nice and their concessions has variety and they keep enough staff on hand to minimize the wait time on the long lines (lots of us regulars have loyalty cups and/or tee shirts for excellent pricing on soda and popcorn). Not only do they have matinee pricing for the early shows; they additionally offer discounted tickets with valid ID for seniors and students. The staff works hard to keep both interior and exterior clean and the floor is never sticky or gross (major plus!). Even the restrooms are well kept. Comfortable seating and successful line management for those extremely popular new releases makes the experience here complete. Extra bonus... I had dropped my wallet in one of the theaters and it was promptly discovered and returned to the customer service by an employee, relieving me from the stress that would have definitely followed. So thankful and appreciative, but I would have written an excellent review of Harkins anyway, based on how awesome this chain in!!
5	This is a VERY nice Harkins location.  Always super clean and nice employees.  I always have a nice movie going experience here.  Parking is close and I feel very safe at night in the parking lot.  Popcorn is fresh and tasty.  The last time I went with a visiting relative she took one bite of her popcorn and remarked how good it was.  This location is my first choice to see any new release movie at.  Great job Harkins.
4	My favorite Harkins by far, not as crowded as most other locations and Park West is always a nice place to walk, especially during the holidays!
