5	So thankful for the Levine family & their generous donation of this hospital. This is a state of the art facility assisting children in the area. Clean floors, friendly staff & excellent doctors.I definitely will choose this hospital if I have the need (when I have a child). I recommend it to those with children.
5	absolutely one of the best child hospitals I have been in with my special needs son. we were only here for one night but they were so eager to make sure I had everything I needed. The rooms are quite large and comfortable. There was a long desk table alond side the  window side of the room and also a couch/bed and a recliner chair. I did do some rearranging of the furniture to accomidate my son's wheelchair and the needs for me to get around. They supplied me with sheets and blankets and pillow for the bed along with towels etc to shower. What was amazing was that they provide you with breakfast (it was a little cold) and 2 meal tickets each day. now the meal tickets are worth $5 each and it is easy to go over that so be prepared to pay the extra. but it does help defer costs.there is also a small fridge in the room so you might want to have someone bring you some sodas or snacks to keep around. there is a kitchen available with microwave and various snacks, ice cream, soda, juice, baby food, crackers, popsicles etc. the tv has a great variety of channels including on demand movies. there is a keyboard like a computer has for kids to choose different options on the tv like video games or movies etc. they have a DVD player in the room to select DVD's to watch. i did not go into the childrens play area but it look huge and inviting.you must have your ID badge on you at all times so that you can get back on the ward and so that you can gain admittance to the 3rd floor large cafeteria.the infusion therapy section is very nice there are 4 rooms that are enormous with 2 chairs one is a extra large very comfortable recliner. a swinging flat screen tv to adjust at most comfortable angles and community bathroom. the nurses are so great! and you are given as a parent a meal ticket and they will order a food tray for the child. they also have the cutest "drug train" that goes around. it is a self driving cart that looks like a train with a conductor. it carries meds to the different floors, it opens doors and calls the elevator too! so neat to follow him around
5	We have had to bring our son to Levine at least 4 times now and every time we have been here, it's been a wonderful experience. The rooms are clean and neat, with plenty of space. Most importantly, the staff and doctors are extremely kind and attentive to the needs of my child and even us as the caregivers. This is the only place I take my child when he needs attentive care.
5	Thank god we weren't her for our child, but I was proud knowing that this facility was here. What an advanced facility. We were visiting or daughter's friend badly hurt in an accident. The friend's father was also hurt. He was sent next door. The security is top notch. The hospital is incredibly clean and the rooms are very nice. The staff was exceptional. While I hope you don't have to visit a hospital for your young loved ones, this would be where I would want to go if it ever was needed.
5	Best hospital in the nation !!!!! Good security , every visitor requires an ID and is given a photo visitor badge. The staff were really sweet ,friendly and helpful. They give you food vouchers for the cafeteria. The cafeteria has a great selection of food,Its like the food court from the mall.Our floor have a snack room full of goodies like cookies,cereal and juices for us. They also have playrooms from floor 8-12, lots of toys and videos to entertain the little one.
5	The people are wonderful. I cannot adequately express my appreciation for thew love and care given my grandson, Matthew, during his time of need. My respects to all the friendly staff members at LCH!
