3	James, the repairman, was terrific.  Friendly, clean and neat, responsive and accommodating.  He repaired the relay on our compressor in no time.  The only ouch was the price-$226.  So, if you need something done within in a reasonable time frame, quickly and effectively then Plaza Appliance Service with take care of you.  However, if you are financially tied, you might need to look elsewhere.
1	Went to the Plaza Appliance location on Monroe road yesterday and will never go back!  One guy sat reading a book and never looked up ---the other two salesman managed a weak hello---our impression was that they had little interest in our being there. No one was in the store other than me and my husband so I guess that says something. Initially went there to see if they had a particular model of  Kitchen Aid French door refrigerator freezer I had seen at HHGregg earlier in the week. Plaza has a board on which they state "we will match competitors pricing" and they actually had a copy of the same HHGregg ad posted next to it. I questioned one salesman about the price matching offer and he says" well that is below our cost!" --really?  Well, I didn't put the price match up there, sir!  He went to his computer and said he did not even offer this particular model. What a joke this place is--save yourself  the time and hassle. We actually purchased the model we wanted at Queen City appliance over on Independence near Crown Point. Now, they were eager to help us and free delivery of the fridge to boot.  Go there instead!
1	Outrageous prices. Save your time and money - you will not be happy. Cantankerous repairman never showed when he was supposed to - rescheduled for another day and came late. When he did finally arrive, didn't have the supplies he needed to make the repair so had to return for a second time. On this trip, he asked me to go get additional parts myself so he wouldn't have to return (ill-prepared) again. Wrote a letter to the office and never even heard a response. Over $400 for a repair that was half-baked and never fully completed.
1	Whatever you do, DO NOT use this company! I called them because my washing machine was having problems draining. When I spoke to the manager Chris, I told him my washing machine brand, model, and what the problem was. He then scheduled a technician to come out and look at it same day...great right? WRONG!   Firstly, they didn't bother to tell me that they charge you $60 for the visit to look at it. I'd have no problem paying that fee had the technician come in, run some tests, done ANY actual diagnostics on the machine, but all he did was come in (for no longer than 3 minutes) and say "Yeah this is a terrible washing machine that breaks all the time and it'll cost you $300 for me to replace the pump on it". So my response was, "why didn't Chris tell me that this morning over the phone when I told him what type of machine I had and what the problem was?" Well the answer is because then they wouldn't get their bullsh*t $60 fee.  When I asked the technician if he could call Chris so I could ask why they were going to charge me for a 3 minute discussion that could (and should) have happened on our phone call earlier in the day, he freaked out and stormed off. I immediately called the office to try and get a hold of Chris so I could work this out, but got a very nice lady on the phone instead who said she'd have Chris call me back. Ten minutes later Chris calls me and as soon as I started to relay what had happened he said "Since you wasted my technician's time and you won't pay I'm not going to let you waste any more of my time" and hung up on me.  I never leave reviews, but felt compelled to warn other people about this company. Don't waste your time, money, or energy on Plaza Appliance Service!
5	I dont often brag on service companies, but this time I HAVE to!  The team at Plaza was fantastic.  The gentleman that answered the phone patiently walked me through some steps that might have fixed my washer (it would not drain).  Unfortunately, I could not get it to work.  They sent a knowledgeable & professional tech out that same day.  The price was decent but most of all...my wife was very happy to have the thing fixed so soon!  I would recommend Plaza to everyone!
5	This company was fantastic. My stove went out last night. We are having a party this evening. My wife called them this morning and the owner Chris answered the phone. She explained our situation and he sent a tech right over. They were able to fix the problem right away.  My wife was very pleased. A happy wife makes me a happy husband. Thanks to all involved.  Off to help make all the food.
