4	cheap pedicures, friendly people.  They even throw in a hot stone scrub for your legs.  The massage chairs are nice too.  Nothing super fancy, but it gets it done!  I've been several times.
1	would not recommend this salon.  I came here with a friend for a mani/pedi.  We walked in with no appt. but then four other people came in after us.  They owners told them to wait and then worked so fast on my nails that 1) they didn't remove the clear polish on my nails from my previous manicure 2) tore my cuticles by hanking them bc they were going so fast and 3) the paint on my nails is all down in the cuticles,  it looks really bad.There is not a good selection of nail polish and they add "thinner" to it because it so old and thickened.  For $33 mani/pedi I would definitely suggest you go somewhere else.
3	Nick was okay for the most part, did get cut twice  tho (nothing major, it just burned terribly when he applied something right after putting the tips on). His wife (forgot her name) did my spa pedi. She's so nice! Spa pedi included hot stones & towels $17, callous removal $5, full set clear tips $22, I expected to pay $44 & ended up paying $40. They do have 2 different price lists up! Also the nail polish looks OLD. You can tell they're all pretty much thinned out & can see the separation, so I picked a China Glaze color. Decor is outdated and different. I would recommend this salon overall though. I was skeptical since there's only 2 reviews on here but I took a chance on them and love the outcome.
4	I have been loyal to another nail spa and after my most recent awful experience there decided to look elsewhere for my nail needs...I am not a weekly or monthly mani/ pedi girl but I do enjoy it as a treat every couple of months.This time was different; I had a nail emergency and a plane to catch. First world problems for sure.My preference is to spend my $ locally so I looked for a salon close to home and I found Peak - boy am I glad I did.They are in a strip mall so plenty of parking. The salon is bright and clean and definitely not snooty.The owner and his wife were exceptionally friendly.I explained that I had 10 minutes to have gels removed and a clear polish applied - "can you do it?"They assured me yes. And actively went about getting it done as quickly as possible. I could not understand what was being said but the communication between the owner and his wife was clear - be quick and be careful.It seemed that they took my nails and time limits as their personal mission. It was great.I veered off the plan and selected a color but after 2 coats I decided I did not like the color against my skin tone so asked to switch back to clear.I said I would pay the change polish price because I chose a do over but they declined.She worked miracles to make my nails look decent after the gels. They were very attentive to my needs. They were very nice and clearly hard working.The salon is very quiet because the strip mall anchor store closed this year. I agree with some other reviews - the polish is old. But the prices are very reasonable, I will go again for sure and take my own polish to make up for the age of theirs - it is still totally worth it for skilled, warm, friendly and attentive service!i
