3	Okay who doesn't like Target! This is a super Target that has a full grocery store and Target store combined. Whoa! Recently I tried to make my husband a cake in the shape of his favorite English Premier League Team, Tottenham Hotspurs. Well needless to say this was my first attempt at a Fondant icing - if you've ever tried to make marshmallow fondant, you know what I mean. Well on with the review, I went to the bakery and asked if they could copy some images that I needed to complete my cake, onto edible paper! And they were able to! It was great! The price was 5 dollars per sheet.. Anyway, its nice to have a Target store with a bakery to help you finish your silly projects!
5	This is a really nice SuperTarget way out on the edge of Queen Creek. This store was really neat, clean, and well-maintained, even had music playing out in the parking lot! This SuperTarget had a Pharmacy, Photo, Optical, Pizza Hut Express, Starbucks, Garden Center, and includes the full grocery section with some of the most delicious pastries and fresh prepaired deli foods hot and cold. I'll be coming back here for the deli chicken alone!
5	This is my most favorite store. I'm sure that my husband hates that we live around the corner from it. The staff is always friendly and ready to help and they have a good selection of pretty much everything. I wish they wouldn't have closed the garden center but at least they still have some of the outdoor stuff seasonally.
2	Carts are always filthy. Most kids working there are what I call "don't cares". They need lessons in customer service. Check your receipt as the wrong prices often ring up. The older checkers are so slow it is painful. The produce is bruised and pitiful. Their meat is the more expensive than most without justification.
1	Terrible return policy, can't find staff for assistance. Not what Target used to be like 5 years ago... Big let down, I'd rather do business elsewhere from now on.
3	This Super Target is where I do most of my weekly grocery shopping, not to mention Christmas and some clothes shopping.  I've spent thousands here in the last 8 years or so.  Lately they've been dropping a lot of the brands I love and use regularly.  Food prices have gone up drastically this spring.  The employees seem to be changing more frequently and there are rarely more than 5 or 6 checkout lanes open, even when it's busy.  But, it's right around the corner and is so convenient... and I've always been a "Target person"  so that's where I keep shopping. Today, though, something happened that surprised me and also humiliated me a bit...  Sunday morning, about 9:30am and I was doing the weeks shopping... well over $100 worth of food.  The last item on the belt was a 6-pack of Mike's Hard Lemonade (alcohol).  The checkout clerk, a woman who was probably in her late 50s-60's, whipped the 6-pack off the belt and set it behind her on a shelf.  She says, "You can't buy this until after 10am on Sunday, hon."  Now, we used to have a Blue Law in AZ that prevented purchasing alcohol before noon, then 10am, but it was revoked quite a few years ago, so I say, "I'm pretty sure that rule went away a few years back."  To which she responds, "It's a Target rule, hon."  First of all, I'm fairly sure there's no such rule.  Second of all, I'm almost 50 years old, not some teen trying to buy alcohol.  I was so dumbfounded and embarrassed I just paid and left.  I'm baffled at what her motivation was... no matter what it was - a personal belief I shouldn't be buying alcohol on Sundays, she thought I was underage (ridiculous!) - it is unacceptable.  I'm not sure if I'm a "Target person" anymore.
3	While the clothing selection is nice, my main complaint is that the shoe section NEVER has my size, and I'm a 7.5-8 which is average. The staff isn't extremely impressive but they're nice. It kind of bothers me that things in the clearance section are just thrown about. I like the grocery part but the food is way overpriced. If you're looking for a deal, just go to Walmart. The clothes in this store are very cute, but they're department store prices which is awful.
5	Typical target: has everything you need and don't. It's nice and clean and they usually have samples of GMO food, if you're into that kind of stuff. I do like that they have a Starbucks inside, I don't like that they don't open earlier. I'm a consumer through and through so I'll be back
