2	We tried this the other night and had high hopes since we live very close by.  First, the beer selection is great.  They still didn't have anything on draft but a good bottle selection.  By good I don't mean just big with all the usual suspects but some very well thought out items.  I had a Three Philosophers and my wife had a cider.  Service was SLOW...real slow.  It was almost 10 minutes to get our drink order in.  They were reasonably busy but not too busy.  The food was OK.  Not bad.  Not great.  I could tell my vegetables were frozen, not fresh.  I had to ask for my salad after my meal had already come.  Service was slow through the meal...ask for ketchup...wait until the waiter saw us and remembered...etc.We plan to give them some more time and go back and I'll revise my review then.  But for now it was a solid 2 star.
4	Ok so they now have a full bar and beer on tap so they have that covered. Lover the Burgers and they have that down pat and they will even cook it for you to order witch is nice in that I don't like a well done burger. A lot of beers to choose from and they even had Dead Guy! The service was really good and they just needed to get things going. We enjoyed the Music but without anything to absorb the sound it gets loud when its busy. I'm not the first to mention this. Maybe some Sound Foam on the ceiling might work, and move the jukebox away from the glass. Its nice to have a grown up alternative to screaming kids at most places in the area. I will keep updating as the months go on. thanks
4	Great food - Their signature burger is my favorite.I know people have said it's a little noisy in there, but give it a chance.We know the owners and like them both.
1	We visited Eastfield Bar & Grill on a Friday for a late lunch around 2:00 in the afternoon.  The bar had several people, and 3 tables appeared to have eaten, or were eating.  We waited at the entrance for about 5 minutes.  We tried to make eye contact with the bartender, but she was keeping busy.  We kept looking around and didn't see any other employees.  There is not a sign to wait for server, or seat yourself, so we decided to have a seat. A server came out from the back, and I thought we made eye contact.  I was sure we were to be served now.  We waited another 5 minutes.  Two other people entered the building, and the bartender rushed over, gave them menu's and seated them right away not even looking around.  At this point, we decided to leave.  While leaving, we noticed a lot of junk piled out the back door, a shopping cart filled with trash, chairs, cables or hoses.  Very junky!  We headed of to the nearby El Loco Lime for a wonderful meal with great service.
1	I went with the family and would most certainly not return.  We got seated right away and the server got our drinks and food order in, but after that it was all downhill.The waiter was not friendly and seemed he was bothered to wait on us.   There was only one other table occupied and he seemed to know them because he was hanging out with them the entire time when he didn't have to be bothered by us.  We waited a long time for our food and when it did arrive it was not hot and we had one order wrong.  That person took a couple of bites of the food and decided that she could not eat it.  The waiter tried to still charge us half because she took a couple of bites.  He finally relented to refund the price and snatched the bill without saying a word to credit the sandwich.  Instead of issuing a refund on the difference, he refunded the entire amount and reswiped  the card for the new price.  I now had two charges on hold on my card for the next several days because we ate on a Friday afternoon.The soft drinks came in 8oz Coke bottles.  It was cute at first until we found out there was no refills and we will be charged a $1 for each bottle.  He tried to justify it by saying restaurants may give you free refills, but they charge you for more and that nothing is free.  I had two drinks so I paid about the same at other restaurants and I got free refills.  The bottles were only cool and not cold.I was really hoping I would like this place because it was close to home.  I usually give restaurants two chances, but the experience at Eastfield Grill was so terrible I won't be returning.
3	Let me start out my mentioning...$1 PBR bottles daily...yep, daily! Stopped by here the other day after a round of gold at nearby Highland Creek. Located near Lowes Foods in the Eastfield shopping area, this corner restaurant has a nice pub feel to it. Very diverse menu with selections for everybody. My buddy and I started out with the pretzel & sausage appetizer. Came with small soft pretzels and sliced up bratwurst served with mustard side. Very good! For my main lunch entree I went with the philly sandwich, which was good and had lots of flavor, but was so darn hot I could barely eat it for a few minutes. The flavor was nice though the melted white cheddar could have been substituted for provolone in my opinion. A-OK and a nice addition to that corner of the world.
4	Visited Eastfield upon recommendation of a co-worker.  The food was as good as it was described.  I took the two kids.  They had chicken fingers (tasted delicious) while I had the Cajun Shrimp and Pasta.  Just my kind of dish.  Seasoned well with a a little more than a hint of spice.  The dish was served with salsa fresca, roasted red peppers, and balsamic onions in a Cajun cream (not too creamy) and I was delighted to have a great dinner.  Our servers were kind but at one point they disappeared for a while and I had to go looking for them!  We went on a weeknight to avoid the weekend crowd.  There were folks at the bar but it was a nice quiet crowd (it was still daylight)!  I recommend Eastfield for a quick, hot, delicious dinner in the neighborhood with the kids.
5	This is a great local spot, and we are here at least once a week.  The staff remembers what you drink, and have it ready when you come in the door.  There is no freezer, and the menu is changed on a pretty regular basis.  I've never been unhappy with the food, and there are drink specials every day.  If you're a first-timer here, come on Thursdays, they have $2.50 NC Microbrews all night!
3	All my neighbors love this place. Great eye candy. Regular bar food. Good selection in bottle beer. Very expensive beer selection. Occasionally have beer specials throughout the week. It's a great place for 40+ crowd. Eastfield Grill is great for the neighborhood of Highland Creek & Sky Brook area residents. It makes it convenient and don't need to deal with the headache of driving downtown. If you need a drink nearby than Eastfield Grill is the place.
1	We've visted Eastfield for the last time.  Very disappointing since it's close to our house.  These people just don't get it.  I'll start by saying that the food is generally above average.  The service is, and always has been, completely sub-par.  On our last visit there was one server, one bartender, and one manager.  The place wasn't packed, but there were probably 5 tables full and 6 or 8 people at the bar.  I guess the server was doing the best he could, but my wife and daughter got there drinks pretty quickly.  About 10 minutes later he came back to take our order and I asked about my beer.  He had obviously forgot.  It took him 5 minutes to walk over to the bar and get my beer.  We've been here numerous times and there's always some issue.  No cold Corona's on Cinco de Mayo even though they're 50 yards from a grocery store.  A hostess telling us we probably couldn't be seated since it was trivia night.  Servers who consistently act like they're doing you a favor by waiting on you.  This place may make just because the area is starving for a place like this, but we've visited for our last time.
2	We live nearby and have been here a few times.  My biggest complaint is the music.  Yes, I could pay to play the Juke box, but if no one is playing it, the regular music is a somewhere between headbanging and screeching rock.  I don't mind rock and pop & general alternative music, but the screeching and yelling is annoying to a general audience and one song kept dropping the "F" bomb with children in the place.  Most in the immediate vicinity are in the 40+ crowd, they need to embrace this fact or they will loose their locals.  Food is average.  Menu changes occasionally.  The last 3 times I ordered the Strawberry and Blue Salad and they have not had strawberries each time.  HELLO it is summer getting fresh strawberries at the grocery store in the same parking lot would take 5 minutes or less.Between two of us, appetizer, meal and a few drinks we spend close to $50 plus tip.  Just play some music that can be appreciated by a general audience at all times and keep the menus current with what you plan to serve.  I do understand that occasionally you may run out of something, but 3 weeks in a row?
4	Its the closest place to me to get food.  I love their steak sandwich its so friggin good.  They have a decent beer selection with a lot of NC micro brews to pick from.  Service is usually good and food isn't terribly priced.  I always hit this place up if I'm hungry and don't feel like making anything.
5	I love the music here. I love the beer selection 'OMB'. And i love the free range black angus beef burgers. They have a huge selection of beers and great deals as well. On wed. nights you can drink 3 dollar mugs and 5 dollars burgers for that quality of beef thats a hell of a deal. Deff. a place to catch a great beer and fill up.
4	Great selection of beer and daily specials. Their pretzel bites an chicken fingers are awesome, and they even have vegetarian options, which I love!
5	The drink specials were wonderful and the outdoor patio was very inviting!  We spoke with one of the owners and he was a very nice guy (down to earth).  I have never had any of the food from there, but from what I heard it's good and compliments the drinks well.  I will definitly be going back again and I suggest you give this place a try if your looking for a chill atmosphere.
5	This is third time coming here and I really like it.  The food is always hot and the bartenders nice. The staff seem to enjoy working here which is a good thing! Cullen and Kalie are great.  Even with a bar fully of people they managed to serve everyone with a smile.  Me and my boyfriend will definitely be back during football season to catch a game!
5	If you are in the area, you must stop by this place. The atmosphere is perfect and the staff that works hear is really good at what they do. Drinks are very reasonably priced and the food is awesome. If you are not very hungry, then go for the duck wings. Yup, that's right DUCK WINGS! I like chicken wings but these lovely turn on an American dish is well done. Seasoned perfectly and severed just right they will have you returning just to get an order. If you want to go for a good burger than look no further than the dirty south burger served with fried green tomatoes and accented with pimento cheese. Yummy! This is a great place to hang out and chill with your friends.
2	Average bar food with a fairly hearty price. We have been there at least 4 times and had a similar experience each time. It is close and there are not manny other options, however we may not be giving it another shot.
4	Great burgers and waffle fries. I tried a grilled chicken sandwich with American cheese and sweet potato fries, today, and it was just as great!
4	I love the beer selection! Very quaint inside. Lots of neighborhood/local regulars. Everyone friendly and nice. Normal bar menu  but I've always had fast, friendly service and good food
2	I have been here 3 times - each and every time I enjoy the food but the atmosphere is soooooo loud I have to yell for people at my table to hear me.  I haven't been back because of this.....if the sound can be controlled I will be back!
2	Overpriced!
1	I'll start positive...they have a very good local craft beer selection on draft...as many Piedmont area beers as I've seen anywhere.  Sadly, I've been here three times and this place has probably the worst service anywhere in the Charlotte area.  I know they have food, but you wouldn't know it from my last visit seeing how I was not offered a menu at the bar.  They did not seem very interested in up selling or even selling me any food at all.  There were many, many more customer service cardinal sins; too mant to mention here.  Two employees openly discussing their hangovers, the "manager" putting someone's to-go order on the bar and sliding it to him without saying a word and turning his back on him...etc.  Needless to say, I will not be back.
3	Food definitely deserves the 4-stars, but the prices are on the expensive side. Everything is a la carte. A sandwich will cost around $10. I had the salmon sandwich and would definitely order it again when I come back. Expect to spend around $20 + tips if you order a sandwich, beer, & a side.
4	Best chicken tenders in Charlotte and a great beer selection!
4	Tried them for breakfast today for the first time. Very good coffee, good service and one of the best omelets I've very had.  A great Sunday morning breakfast option for breakfast , especially compared to the crowds and long lines at chain style places like Denny's and Cracker Barrel.  We' ll be back.
2	This place can occasionally have good food. The service is always adequate but I never get the feeling I "belong". They aren't overly friendly; they just do their job and that's ok too. Why the two stars?  They CONSTANTLY change their entire menu. I can't stand that because every time I find something I like I know it will be gone soon and I have to start over. This causes me to rarely go there. It's a shame because they are so close. They do often have a very nice beer selection though.
5	Eastfield Bar and Grill has a very friendly staff. Yummy food. My family loves the chicken fingers. Clean.
5	We are a big fan of Eastfield.  It helps that we live close and there's not a ton close, but it beats all the local chains any day!!!  You'd almost miss it...it's nestled next to Golds Gym.Go for a burger or the chicken tenders- they are both great!  The fries are the waffle kind with seasoning...very good!  Portions are always pretty good too!There are always drink specials, just ask your server!And often, there's Groupons!  Keep an eye out and give it a try!
4	This is one of my favorite "go-to" bars during the work week. I won't harp on how it's close to home... but it is. lol. That said, during the week I actually make an honest effort to diet, especially during the winter. Sometime this is harder than usual with all the local restaurants that offer a little more comfort-style menu. Not that you can't find comfort food here, but the "lighter side" of the menu is absolutely fantastic.Turkey burgers. Salads. Two of the best types of food on the menu. Lots of variety in the dishes. Salads are portioned for a dude. You won't leave hungry if you get one. However, my dish of choice is a turkey burger with fried green tomato, balsamic glaze, and goat cheese. It is FANTASTIC. Food could be a little less expensive. Groupons are usually a great pick up for this place. Drink specials on most days during the week. Atmosphere is nice, generic. Multiple TV's as per the interior, great for Monday and Thursday night football games. Outdoor seating for the nicer weather days.Service is 7 of 10.
5	Went there for lunch today. Turkey burger, sweet potato fries and a drink for around eight bucks. And the food was excellent !!!!  A great place for lunch
4	We've been here a few times and have not been disappointed yet. The prices are a little high, but the food is also a little bit better (gourmet) than typical bar food. They've also got a great craft beer selection. The employees have been friendly on each visit. We would go a lot more, but it's about a 30 min drive from where we live The chicken tenders are great!
4	Good Food and Good Selection of BeersThe quality of the food is great and the staff is friendly. The salads are great and the burgers are as well. The produce and meats are purchased locally and better quality, something you see in a more expensive restaurant. Great local hangout.
4	The quality of the food is great and the staff is friendly. Everything was top quality. I don't mind paying a little higher price for good fresh ingredients and great service. The owner greeted us at the door, nice touch. The basketball games were playing on the multiple TV's. The jukebox was playing too. It's a sports bar, so I'm not really sure if it is appropriate for kids (best guess probably not).The beer was cold and very tasty; my wife had a mixed drink that she said was good. I had a burger and it was cooked just right. The burger came with lettuce, tomato, onions and cheese at no extra charge. Instead of fries I chose the side salad and it was much better than expected. It had a nice selection of garden greens and was very fresh with a nice selection of dressings. My wife had the luau salad with chicken added. She said it was one of the best salads she had tasted in a long while. Our waitress, Kristen, was very attentive and checked back with us several times. The owner stopped by to see how everything was also.  The place was almost full by the time we left. I'll be back for sure and it's just around the corner from home too.
4	Pros - Great burgers, good craft beer selection, daily drink specialsCons - Server needed some fine-tuning on his trainingThe wife and I visited here for the first time on a Saturday evening. We sat outside and the patio area is set up for both dining at the front with tables and then a larger lounge-type seating area towards the back where a group can sit and have drinks.The burgers were very good (about $10.50 apiece with a side) and came out fresh and hot, as did the waffle and sweet potato fries. We were told the restaurant changes its menu somewhat about every two months, so it might not bode well for return visits where you're hoping to revisit a menu item you enjoyed. The beers were reasonably priced and they had a decent selection of craft beers (Guinness cans were on special for $3 apiece).The only area we found lacking was our server. He wasn't horrible, but he did need additional training. It was several small things - we had to ask him how the burgers were prepared (medium, medium-well) instead of him offering that info or asking us how we'd like them cooked. When our food arrived, he didn't ask if we needed anything (ketchup for the fries, for example). The table next to us (with a different server) went and got their own condiments from inside. My wife asked for a second beer and the server left without asking if I wanted another as well. I caught him the next time by and asked for another. He ended up bringing mine and didn't bring my wife's. He either forgot she ordered one or never heard her say it to begin with. Again, nothing major, but it did detract slightly from the experience.Having said that, this seems like a good place to go have a beer(s) and some good bar food, then head over to 201 Central (Harris Teeter's specialty wine and beer store in the same parking lot) to do some shopping.
1	Ok so I never bad mouth a small business. In this instance I have no choice. I went to eastfield grill for lunch and ordered the fish an chips.  The waitress informed me that my entree was a sandwich & it was not fried. I said no problem, hold the bun. What I got was Gordon's fisherman square of grilled fish & bagged chips. This was there idea of fish & chips. I just donated $11.95 to eastfield grill in huntersville nc. Won't be going back!!!!!!!
5	This place has the best burgers, and amazing fried pickles also the staff is great. Beer selection is pretty good as well
4	This bar has a great craft beer selection. They always seem to have something I like along with something new to try. The menu is tweeked every time I go and some of the dishes are good. I like the burger selection where you can choose a chicken breast, black bean or beef burger. The apple butter w chicken is my favorite but I have allot of combos to play with. I know they have plenty of weekly drink specials w $3.25 NC drafts on Thursday. Service is great and I'd recommend this spot to anybody.
1	Wish I could say anything good about this place, but alas, it fell short. Was looking for small place charm, but ended with large disappointment.
5	My husband and I visited today.  I had the roast beef and he had the duck dynasty.  We loved it!!  We are never disappointed when we come here.  The service was very friendly and prompt.  We have to drive from Charlotte to eat here but it's well worth it!!!!
