5	I just had my dog groomed there this morning. He has been seeing Lis for years. I will NOT have any other groomer touch my Bichon baby. Please check her out she is great. She handles him with care and he always comes out looking beautiful.
5	I have an extremely difficult to groom Collie.  We have been turned down by other groomers until I found Lis.  Now we get stopped on the street complimenting my beautiful boy.   She also has helped me with products at home to keep him looking his best between appointments.  I am truly amazed by her work.  Lis is worth the drive for her experience with dogs.  She has also helped keep his teeth in great shape.  She is an all around amazing person to be working with dogs.  I feel so lucky that we have found her.
5	I've been taking my Shih Tzu to Lis since he was 12 weeks old.  He always looks cute as heck.  I won't take him to anyone else.
5	I have a morkie dog who is extremely energetic. Many people compare him to a bunny for how energetic he is! I have no idea how Lis can get him to sit still so that she can cut him or bathe him but she does. I commute from evansville every 3 weeks so that my little guy can get the full treatment. I would NEVER let him go anywhere else! And I'm soooo thankful to have found her!!
5	Lis has been grooming our goldendoodle since he was a puppy.  She does an absolutely amazing job and we couldn't ask for a better groomer.  We frequent dog parks and lakes so he is usually a disaster by the time Lis sees him but he comes out looking so handsome!  We couldn't be happier with the service Lis has given us for the past 4+ years.
5	I just got my three dogs back from their day at the Spa with Lis.  They're beautiful, happy, and relaxed.  The oldest one has been groomed by Lis for 5 years and both her brothers have gone all their lives, too. They are long-haired dogs which can be a challenge to groomers.Lis does a tremendous job, (she's a nationally certified master groomer) and I trust her completely with my babies- even the one that's a wee bit of a diva.  I highly recommend Lis and the Serenity Pet Spa.
4	My pup looked and smelled great.  Be sure to have your pets vet information on first visit.
