4	While I'm not a huge fan of coffee, I am a big fan of coffee shops or cafes.  There is no better place in my mind to do a combination of people watching, surfing the web, sipping on a cup of hot whatever, while doing it quietly and kicking back with some nice reading material.  The infamous Canadian chain Second Cup is like a bad Starbucks, but this particular location had it all.I came here during another average (read super cold) winter and was relieved by their awesome heater and excellent cup of hot chocolate.  Service was great and very patient with me as I tried to figure out what to order.  Prices were roughly the same as Starbucks and from a sample of my coffee companion's latte, it essentially was the same.The place is pretty big for a coffee joint.  There is free wifi and lots of seating everywhere.  Tables were available to those who wanted a communal setting and couches / comfy chairs for those who wanted to kick back.  If I lived in Montreal, I could see myself coming here often.  Plus nothing beats escaping the cold with a nice warm beverage.If there was anything to knock about this place, it would their cramped bathrooms.  I minus an extra star for the only urinal being out of service, causing a small line in an already small bathroom.
2	i should have known this was a franchise based on my watered down chai latte. but the wifi signal here's great so i can't complain too much. also the baristas are nice eye candy. now if you knew how to make a damn chai i prob would have given a higher rating!
3	Good place to stop and enjoy coffee and pastries.  Very crowded on 12/23 around 5 PM.  Pricey though.
3	Less crowded than the cafes near McGill (parc/Milton). Great coffee but food is dry... I would give 4 stars if I haven't paid 5 bucks for a dry and rock solid brownie. Staff is good and nice.
3	They have decent drinks but i really like their iced coffee there.Of course it doesn't beat the ice cappuccino from tim horton but it's still worth every penny!Pricewise it's a bit cheaper than starbuck but in my opinion the quality is not the same.Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	People that work here are super sweet.  I love it when they make a single cup of coffee for my husband.  Life is good.
2	Can only rate the soy cappuccino and Starbucks is better. Although the space/ambiance is nice - bright and roomy.
5	I usually go to the Second Cup on Parc, but this one is pretty darn good as well. Very large.
