3	On my list of Tonys, Tony Sacco's ranks somewhere between Tony Danza and Tony Blair.  That is to say good, but not great.Stopped by on a Saturday night around 7:30 to pick up a pie to go.  One of the great things about coal-oven pizza, is that it cooks in no time.  From the time I placed my order with the bartender to the time he brought the box to me, no more than ten minutes had elapsed.My pizza baseline is the margherita.  I ordered a small ($12.95 if I recall) pie and waited for my pie.  After it arrived, I took it home for further tasting. One of my culinary pet peeves is pizza joints whose pizza does not fit in the box that they attempt to stuff it into.  As you can see in the pic I posted, Two pieces of my pizza were bent in the boxing process.  Unfortunate, but not a deal-breaker.As for the taste of the pie, it was good.  I thought the crust was pretty good.  It had a nice flavor and some nice charring on the top of the crust.  The sauce was okay.  It wasn't bad, but it also wasn't "this tastes like they made it this morning" good.  It was pretty neutral in all honesty.  Ths mozz was good and I appreciated the fact that they chiffonade their basil.It's nice to have a coal-oven pizza joint a little closer than Grimaldi's.  I'll come back as I'd like to try their meatball pie, but I won't go out of my way.
3	(In my horrible Italian voice) "Mamma Mia itsa Pizza", I have no idea why I started with that. Hey Tony, Cool joint at Concord Mills Mall. I can't say that I am a fan of the pizza though, and I may have found your issue. I think its the sauce. The sauce is quite bland. I can tell its just a base sauce but you need to add the herbs and spices to the sauce to bring out the flavor. I understand you add your seasoning to the finish product but if you kick up your sauce some more with a little flavor at the beginning you would have a winner. Today I had the small 12" Napoli pizza and it was just OK! The tomato sauce just had no flavor to it to make me thoroughly enjoy it. BUT!!! There is a but, your crust is pretty freaking good, that may have been one of the reasons I kept indulging into more and more slices. Not to mention I was pretty hungry. The meatballs were cooked pretty well too, Great job with that. I'm glad you all didn't just dump a bunch of basil on my pie either and instead it was just the right amount. One Major plus about this place is the service, very quick and upbeat and its not like they don't want to be there. Overall I feel like you have some time to work out a few kinks and make a few adjustments since your just opening this new location. SIDENOTE: This entire review was written in my Black Italian voice!
5	Great Place! Unlike all the other food court type restaurants at Concord Mills this is a REAL restaurant. They have a great outdoor patio and the inside is warm and inviting. There are lots of huge TV's and a great bar for all the husbands that would rather be watching the game instead of shopping with their wives. The food is awesome. You have to try the rotisserie style chicken wings. They are unlike any wings I've had and they're great. The pizza is honestly the best in town! Thin crust, fresh ingredients and a great sauce. I personally love roasted red peppers on a pizza but they're impossible to find...not here. All ingredients are fresh and not frozen. I'm pretty sure I heard the owner say they don't even have a freezer, that's impressive!Next time you're at Concord Mills you have to drop in and have a drink, pizza or appetizers. You won't regret it!
3	The third star is for the location. It's nice to have a pizza place in the mall (though it's not close to me). Tony Sacco's specializes in pizza pies that cooked in a coal oven. I was expecting some char on the crust and some coal flavor. It wasn't much better than Brixx Wood Fired Oven. Pretty sad. The service was okay. I ate in the early evening with some friends, well before closing and at the end of our meal our waitor proceeded to clean our table and take our water while we were still sitting and chatting. I wanted another sip :( It's nice and clean on the inside and there's a nice large bar area. The pizza is really lacking in my opinion. Pump up the coal Tony Sacco's!!!
1	At best this place is average.  Not bad but not worth trying either, many other places are better in the area.
3	Three stars because of the setting, the service, and decent pizza for delivery. We had pizza delivered to our home, and the pizza was good. Yesterday, we visited the restaurant for the first time. It has a decent layout with a full bar. A lot of tv screens for game viewing. Only two other tables were occupied at the time. I ordered buffalo style wings with ranch. The wings were good albeit really salty. After five, the saltiness was too much. Would be great with beer while watching a game. We also ordered a veggie sandwich with ricotta cheese. The sandwich was good but a little on the bland side. We ordered margaritas, which were horrible. The service was good but the food was below average in my opinion.
2	Wanted to check this out because we go to the movies at Concord a lot. Ive noticed that it is never busy even at times that should be. Checked out the takeout menu, and it was a 1 page "flier" with only a few items. Reluctantly we ate here, and it was very disappointing.   My wife ordered the wings and they came out immediately.  It was obvious that they were cooked earlier and put in the microwave.  I ordered a pizza and it was overloaded with bad cheese.  Also, you could tell by the taste of the pizza that it was not fresh dough and frozen.  I dont think this place will last very long and hopefully Concord Mills can find a better restaurant to serve the needs of the mall goers esp the movie crowd which is right next to it.
2	Not impressed had the calzone and it was burnt to a crisp on outside all fillings cold on inside. Just go to food court you will have better food lol
5	We went here one Friday afternoon (around 4pm) so it was pretty dead. We got an appetizer and a pizza, and our waiter (who I assumed was also the manager) was more than helpful in reccomending things to us, and even brought us extra pita chips for our appetizer both when we ran out, and again when we wanted to take the rest of it to-go. No complaints, great service, and the food was very tasty!
4	This was a treat for us. We went in not expecting much on our way to catch a flick at the nearby AMC theater. They had all kinds of fresh, delicious and homemade pizzas. We went traditional for our first visit - just pepperoni. As simple as that sounds, it was great. Flavorful, fresh, fairly quick and was a nice quick treat. We will return.
3	Good pizza for the mall. If you are familiar with any kind of NY style pizza don't expect that here.  They use a lot of cheese but it is flavorful. Garlic knots are good as well.  Like I said overall good just not amazing.
4	We came here after the movies and everyone's dinner was very good. I love their baked wings, the pizzas were delicious, and my calzone was excellent. The service was very quick and extremely friendly. We will definitely come here again!
4	Good coal-fired pizza. Lots of cheese and the sauce isn't overpowering. Let's get to the real surprise though - the wings! They're coal-fired too (their menu states they have no fryers or microwaves) and have a great, smokey taste and a firm texture that isn't at all greasy. Don't miss this treat!
2	Too greasy, and pizza sauce dripping.
5	The pizza here is excellent, the menu said it will have a touch of smokey flavor but we did not notice that, which was fine.  We also got the Italian style wings, they were good, a 3.5 out of 5 as far as wings go.  The main draw is the pizza for sure.  I would lean towards a 4 on the overall food but the service was what pushed it up for me.  The place is new and the server seemed to be running the bar as well.  He was a little green but extremely friendly and attentive.  He made us a full serving of the new signature cocktail he was working on and gave it to us for free.  It was a very enjoyable experience, you always hope new places can keep up their momentum and i really hope this place can as well.
1	Bad the first time I went a worst the second time. I ordered a personal sized pizza to go and went to pick it up and It was just sauce and dough with few pieces of thickly shredded mozzarella. I couldn't believe that someone would actually put a pizza in the oven looking like that.  The bar tenders were shocked and a cook who happened to witness me open the box brought it back and had another made.
