5	Two amazing doctors at Meadows Chiropractic!  I can't say enough about the quality of service you receive at this office.  Bilingual & friendly doctors and staff, as well as clean, centrally located office.    THank you Dr. Mitchell & Dr. Chong!!
5	I was very pleased with my visits to Meadows Chiropractic!  From the minute I entered the establishment, I was welcomed by friendly staff.  The office is very clean and comfortable.  I loved the attention by the doctors and felt very important as they took the time to learn about my needs.  I will definately continue to come back time and time again.  Thank you Meadows Chiropractic!  Dr. Mitchell, you're the BEST!
5	Always greeted warmly. Never set an appointment, as my schedule is ever demanding and fluctuating, so I always walk in, but I've never had to wait longer than 15 minutes for my therapy and adjustment. They are extremely compassionate and listen thoroughly to whatever ails you. Funny, how they all seem to have different styles in their trade: Dr. Mitchell is very gentle, but he gets the job done. Dr. Chong has the kung fu magic (no pun truly intended), and adjusts quicker than you can see coming, which helps because you don't have time to tense up anticipating it. Their new female doctor has some different techniques compared to the gentleman, but they definitely work, particularly for my neck pain.I love this office. Unfortunate circumstances by which we were introduced, but they are very sympathetic professionals in their trade.
5	I love this place.. great friendly, professional and effective service... I came here years ago after my car accident. Now I come with my girl 2 x a week.. Chong is my favorite doc.. They always have plenty of candy... And they are keeping the SHASHI in there somewhere...
5	Tried this on a yelp deal- which was worth it. A no frills place. They don't try to up sell you on anything and the service is great. Dr. Mitchell is fantastic. He has moved things around that have been stuck for years after having 2 kids. Would definitely recommend.
5	I love this place. The staff here is just awesome, super nice and they go out of their way to make you feelright. Not only is their customer svc. great but they get you in and out asap, no long waits. Great place, great service, great people!
5	I love this chiropractic office! Everyone is always so nice and friendly. They make you feel very welcomed. Dr. Chong and Dr. Mitchell are always very nice and make you feel very comfortable. I've never had a bad experience with them. It's also a very clean place.
5	Great staff, exceptional care!Meadows Chiropractic provides top notch professional service with an emphasis on personal attention.I was in an auto accident back in late October. I was dealing with a lot of back pain and as a result I was referred to Meadows Chiropractic. From the start you'll immediately realize that the care you receive is second to none. By your second visit the staff will recognize and address you on a first name basis. Without hesitation Doctors' Mitchell and Chong take the time to consult with you, recommended treatment, and answer questions. You'll always find everyone to be in a cheerful mood and you are truly appreciated by all.The check in process is smooth and the wait time is surprisingly brief considering how busy the place is. In the course of seven plus months my longest wait time might have been fifteen minutes at the most with an average wait time of maybe five minutes. This is a medical miracle if there ever was one.     I cannot recommend them more!
5	Great service here!  Clean office,  friendly staff,  and very attentive and knowledgeable doctors!
5	Great place! Best and friendly staffs! The two doctors was amazing! The first time I went there I felt a little scared because I had very bad pain on my upper back and one side of my arm felt very weak. One of my good friend recommend for me to call and come in to this office. After I spooked to the Dr. I felt confident about how his treatments will help me. Sure enough after my first visit I felt like a different person. The Dr. schedule for me to see him about 5 to 6 visit, but after my third visit I was totally fine, I went in to my # 4 visit just to make sure and just because I like to hear the girl at the front office..... Her laugh mad me smile:). In the last school year (2013-2014) I was on the parenting team to help with the school fundraiser, I asked the Dr. If he would like to donate something to help our school, lest then 2 minutes when he came back with 5 of his certificates for 5 free visit! We did silent auction and made about $200-$300 for school! Thank you Dr.!I def recommend the Meadows Chiropractic to anyone!
