5	Republic West Remodeling recently did a renovation of the master bathroom in our home. After the death of my father, my mother came to live with us. She has some physical issues, and we needed to create a handicap accessible bathroom for her. I felt this would be a challenging project, but the team at Republic West Remodeling were amazing. From the the initial design process, to picking out fixtures and materials, to the actual construction, the Republic West team walked us through each step and let us know what to expect. We had a detailed schedule. We knew who was coming to our home, and when. Every person who came to our home was professional and courteous. I have had nightmare experiences with other contractors in the past, but I can't say enough about my experience with Republic West Remodeling. The finished project is beautiful. The bathroom is fully ADA compliant. It is perfect for my mother's needs, but it still looks gorgeous. Republic West Remodeling did amazing work for our family, and I look forward to using them for our next project.
5	Republic West Remodeling did a great job on my back yard living space - they did a great job, and their professionalism is unmatched! Highly recommended!
1	Republic West is the worst company I have ever worked with. The son, Michael, who is an owner, is an arrogant ass who tried to tell me that I didn't know what I was talking about, then called his Sales rep to find out that I DID know what I was talking about, and then did NOT apologize! Nothing happened as promised. I was told the installers would show up early, they showed up late. I was told they would finish the job in one day, it took three. They brought the wrong wood product with them. The screens did not fit the windows. The installers did not caulk the tops of the windows (the part I couldn't see). I have pictures to prove this. I spent a couple of hours working with the sales rep to figure out a door they could install that would fit my needs. I was very specific in what I did NOT want. The company called me when the door was supposed to already have been made to tell me they couldn't make that door. They offered to make me the door I did NOT want. When I explained, they said they would call me with some ideas and they NEVER followed up. So I'm stuck with new windows on either side of an old door for now. They said they would send a mobile unit out to make new screens. I had to call three times to remind them and make this happen. The owner said he would take off $ for my trouble only if I signed a form saying I wouldn't write a bad review. I paid the money bc I think it's important to tell people about this AWFUL customer service. Even the installers were bad mouthing the owner, Michael when they were at my house! But they were also bad mouthing my parents and I when they didn't know I could hear them. So unprofessional! Please, please don't give them your business! All of this is true.
1	Republic West is a low end remodeling company, they have no customer service skills in play. We had scheduled and paid for a kitchen remodel and we didn't here anything for 5 week after giving them a deposit to do the kitchen. We called, and called, and started to complain. They then told us they are puting us on the schedule and they would call back with the date, so, we waited and waited, nothing two more weeks went by, we called again the Project Manager was to schedule but she did not. We finally got our install date, cabinet material came and some didn't. We complained on the lack of customer service and that did help, it helped piss them off. The installed, a man with emotional issues showed up, he stated to install, he told me what he was going to do, and change because he didn't want to do it the way it was planned. I told him, it will be the write way or someone else will have to do it., three days into it, he started to bad mouth us to his wife on the phone, in front if us. The remodel was finished 4 months later, it was a 3 day job. Cabinets that were ordered and not in stalled, were still charged to us, we still have not received a credit back to us, we asked and was told it would happen but, it didn't. They have no follow through and no talented people to do the work. I am a retired Project Manager, and master carpenter. This company is not worth the money to hire. Go find another company, save yourself the disappoint. After getting the kitchen don, we had to ask them to come out several more time to finish and it is still not complete. The miters are filled with wood Purdy, and the doors are coming apart at the seams. The cabinets the set are still not level. This company needs new ownership, the owner, Michael is the most arrogant ass I have ever met. He would not allow me to be in a meeting with my wife, as we were talking about the problems that we had faced through the remodel process. The little boy was so intimidated he couldn't even talk to me face-to-face.this company does not deserve the Scottsdale community's business.
