5	Great food...the owners are awesome..I would highly recommend eating there. The food is really high quality. real beef and turkey. The soups are homemade and also very good.  The monkey sticky buns are amazing...don't leave there without getting at least one...will review more after eating there again..:-)
5	The best food around.  Excellent service and must try the monkey bread with pecans.
5	Very good food, especially breakfast! Owners are super nice and the place is adorable. Great baked stuff. They also sell olive oils and vinegars (chocolate balsamic, blueberry balsamic, etc). Glad something good finally opened near Sprouts!
5	Cafe 8 has the best Greek dressing in the area! The staff is very friendly as well. The entire menu looks great, cannot wait to try the sandwiches.
5	My sister and I got the Cafe 8 omelets. SO GOOD! The owner and his wife are the bakers, chef and wait staff. Such good service! The meal was fantastic. The omelet comes with a side of potatoes and they were delicious. The omelet itself was cooked to perfection. I've had omelets everywhere but this is the best one I've ever had. My sister agrees! We will definitely be back! Also the environment of the restaurant is quaint and welcoming. Their menu is excellent for gluten free eaters and great for vegetarians. Two thumbs up!
4	Delicious food, and desserts! Warm and cozy atmosphere, and very friendly owners. Mostly gluten free menu. Definitely a must try! $$
1	So, the website says the cafe is open until 6:00. The sign on the door says it is open until 6:00. Yet, when my wife and I  walked in at 5:25, we are rudely turned away  because they were setting up for a  private dinner apparently. Would be nice if they at least put a closed sign on the  door...probably won't be back. I have to disagree with the reviewers who thought the owners were friendly.  Thought we were treated pretty rudely.
5	We tried out Cafe 8 for lunch. I do not give 5-stars lightly but Cafe 8 nailed it.  I like to eat gluten-free and heard that pretty much everything on their menu is gluten-free (they also have several "raw" options to try). I had the mediterranean combo appetizer. Now, I LOVE mediterranean food. These were the best dolmades that I have ever had...including in Greece. The hummus and tzaziki were outstanding. And the presentation was first rate. My husband had a pear and gorgonzola salad that was delectable.  Not sure what the dressing was but it was very light and flavorful.  The gluten-free dessert case gave us a challenge: which amazing looking item to choose to try. After a very satisfying meal, we could really only try one. We chose the delicious-looking triple-layer carrot cake. Wow! ridiculously good. No clue by taste that it was gluten-free. I would go back again for just the desserts. I imagine the other items are equally delicious.  At one point the pastry chef (owner?) came out and chatted with us for a bit, explaining her passion for cooking and some of her cooking philosophies. Our server was great and prices were very reasonable.  We will definitely return.
5	I was looking for a restaurant near my parents that had gluten free options.  We try to eat healthy and local when possible.  This place nailed it.  5 of us had lunch on a Friday. Salads were fresh & tasty!  Pear iced tea was fab!    Gluten free strawberry shortcake was to die for!!  We will be back. It's not a large space. But hopefully business will grow and they can expand.
5	Omg gluetin free! Yes! I have gluetin allergy people in my life And bake my own stuff... But their goodies taste so fantastic! I might be replaced :).    They seem to have wide selection of gluetin free stuff but at 2pm, most stuff was gone :((( so I'll be back early next time !   Pecan bars are absolutely amazing even for non allergy person like me. Yum yum !   Friendly staff. Great ambiance :)
5	Love the quiche,baked goods--it's all super.  Owner are super nice and accommodating.  Love the healthy fresh ingredients and gluten free availability!z  We are regulars!
2	Was very excited to try out this restaurant for their gluten free options.  My husband and I arrived at the restaurant around 5:15 pm.  I ordered their grilled chicken breast dinner with seasonal vegetables and roasted potatoes and my husband ordered the non gluten free French toast.  I was a bit shocked when my dish was brought to the table and on my plate were frozen vegetables that consisted of corn, carrots and peas. The chicken was very large and didn't taste bad, but was far from exciting.  The roasted potatoes where cut like French fries and were undercooked and tasteless. I don't know if we just came in on an off night, but I am not sure I will be back.I paid $11.95 for a meal I could have cooked at home.  My husbands French toast was nothing special either.  Very sad, as I thought I had possibly found a place that I could get gluten free options.  I did order a piece of their gluten free cheesecake and it was absolutely delicious, so the meal was not totally a flop.
5	DO YOUR PART IN THE CULTURAL REVOLUTION... SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS! My girlfriend and I went in on a busy Saturday morning for breakfast. It is an itty bitty little spot, but the service was fast, nice strong coffee. Her regular (not gluten free) French Toast was outstanding, and my breakfast "Everything" bagel was awesome too. All the pastries and quiches looked and smelled amazing, though we were too full to go for more. It's not far off the freeway and it looks like they just added dinner service as well. We will be back!
4	Made me a great omelet. Seems business is a little slow but hopefully a few more good reviews will help.
5	Delicious food, wonderful family owned business. Almost all their menu items come gluten free!! (please specify when you walk in, because they have BOTH - regular and gluten free menus.) The wife, Tracey does all the gluten free baking herself and her GF banana cake is to die for ... as are the cheesecakes!!! We tried them for dinner this past weekend, first time. I got the cheeseburger and my husband got the prime rib. They were both delicious. Both came with a wonderful salad. All GF! The owners are lovely people, very engaging. we had a great time and will definitely be back! For Mesa AZ this is a little piece of heaven!!! Please support this restaurant!!
5	If you ever want great food in a awesome atmosphere go to Cafe 8. The owners are always working there and have the best attitude I've ever encountered. Everything is made to order and always fresh. And don't get me started on the desserts.. UNFORGETTABLE!
4	We had a nice lunch. Friendly helpful staff. Service was good. Food was very nice. Chef is accommodating on changes. Definitely return.
2	Ate there for 1st time. Unfortunately not a good day for them. Let's start with the food: the waffle was not hot when served and by the time the "heated syrup" (barely warm) was brought to the table the waffle was stone cold. The omelette was pretty good, the eggs were ok, and the toast was so-so. I would like the toast to have some color Rather than look like just dried bread.  Now to the service. I had to continually look for someone to fill my coffee cup, the waitress kept forgetting things we asked for, and why would you ask if we want the potatoes that came with the order. This was only the waitress'  2nd shift so I understand. However when you have someone new you don't leave her to her own defenses. The other waitress was very busy so she couldn't help that much.  Our waitress tried hard.Not sure we will go back.
1	Horrible LunchI ordered Grass Fed Beef Burger medium rare.  The burger had the consistency of a overworked meatball.  No pink to be seen.  Squeezing the sandwich released a pool of grease.  Wife had pork tenderloin sandwich.  The pork looked like it had been boiled in water rather than roasted.  Had that dreary gray color all the way through with all moisture sapped out of it.  The flavored teas were good.The breakfast reviews look promising but avoid this place for anything on the lunch menu.There are far better Greek inspired lunch spots than this place.
4	Great food and great service! I ordered the bagel sandwich and my friend tried their oatmeal...delish!
5	The food was all natural, fresh, and home made. The food was very good. The service was great.  We will be back.
4	A friend and I met here for lunch. I was excited to try some of the delicious things people mentioned here on yelp. I ordered the club on gluten free bread and the soup of the day, tomato basil. Everything tasted fresh, my only complaint was my bread was a little too toasty and tore up my mouth. Next time I would probably ask that it was lightly toasted or not at all.I had planned on getting a baked good to go but unfortunately they only had a couple items available that day so I hope to try out the carrot cake sometime. I will go back and try other items. I love the fact that restaurants are opening up that are catering to alternative and healthy eating options and not just the usual greasy food stops.
3	Very intimate, small, great service. Food was good.
4	Took my daughter out for brunch because they have a gluten-free menu! She ordered the waffles and I had the breakfast sandwich (both gluten-free). Super delish! This is a made to order cafe so the food tasted and looked its freshest! We actually didn't wait long for the good to arrive (I was pleasantly surprised!) Waitress was warm and friendly! Definitely bringing the wholefamily back here for a treat!
5	It's hidden between the laundry place and sprouts literally on the corner of the plaza. It's delicious!!! Healthy close to home!! The owner is super polite Alex lol my kids talked his ear off!
5	Really good food, they cater to people with gluten allergies, $2.50 for a soda.
5	I am neither gluten-intolerant nor do I have Celiac issues; however, I ate there with a friend who deals with both, and the food was DELICIOUS!  I had the mushroom, red pepper and sun-dried tomato quiche and the basil-tomato soup with chocolate cream pie for dessert; everything was fantastic, the service was quick, our server was extremely nice and informative, the prices were decent and the quiche was so delicious that I bought a second piece to take home with me (best quiche I've ever had, and I'm picky!)  So yeah, I'd totally recommend this place; I'll be going back.  It's what good little cafes all aspire to be!
4	We didn't eat here because we wanted breakfast and they only serve it till noon. :( but! We had iced tea which was delicious! Both kinds are awesome! The staff was very nice and the food looked good! Breakfast cravings are tough lol! We will definitely be back!! Everything is homemade and they have an awesome gluten-free menu and cater to that type of diet. I will change my review if the food here is as good as it looks, 5 stars for sure! Can't wait!!
5	First time for hubby and I at Cafe 8 today. It was wonderful! So nice to have a place that actually cares about the health of its customers. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing food. Many gluten free options. Healthy food with low salt, sugar, and fat, but no compromising the taste! It was delicious! We will be back!!
5	Really happy this place exists. Delicious gluten free options. Owner comes out and served food. Very friendly. I was very comfortable here. I will definitely be back.
1	I ordered the chicken pita and never again will I go back. The chicken was so over cooked I couldn't even chew it. I told the waitress and she did nothing about it.
5	I LOVE Cafe 8. They have an extensive GF menu and they even have decadent GF desserts. I have yet to order something I didn't like and they even do custom orders. They are really amazing.
3	My mom and I came here for lunch due to hearing about the good food.  She ordered a grilled cheese with a side Greek salad.  I ordered the half of turkey club and tomato basil soup.  Everything is homemade and tasted great.  We also ordered the mint lemonades which were delicious. However- we waited 35 minutes between ordering and getting our food which for what we ordered was quite ridiculous.  When we asked how much longer she said that the fries that we ordered take 12 minutes to cook which was one of the reasons for the wait-we didn't order fries!  After telling her this, it took even longer to make the salad that we actually did order.  Since we had to leave by a certain time-as soon as we got the food we needed our take home boxes and the check.  She had to put our food in the boxes as we were trying to eat it.Not great experience and long wait for sandwiches.  However the food was good.
4	Wonderful gluten-free desserts. I just wish they offered more - they're out of a lot of stuff by the time I get there so go early!
