3	A decent enough dry cleaners, and virtually the only one in Downtown with 30 minute service.  I brought some pants here right before I went on my business trip.  So that quick service really came in handy.One thing though, I wish they'd update their website.  None of the icons (Corporate Info, Services, Products) work.  Anyone trying to use their website before coming in might assume they're out of business.
1	Do not use this dry cleaner. The staff/owner smokes in the store. There are ash trays and packs of cigarettes lying around. I had to "air out" my clothes after I picked them up from Galardi's to try to get rid of the cigarette smell. YUK!
1	They lost my clothes and charged me for stuff I never sent.Clearly they do not know what they are doing and need to get their act together!!
3	Decent dry cleaners but kind of a dump. Having said that they are close to downtown offices but prices are a bit high(downtown is more expensive). They have never damaged my clothes and were always on time.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! They staple your name to your clothes because they can't handle organizing your things. Even with that, they've lost my clothes before. And now I just got a $110 sweater back from being dry cleaned and the loop to hold the tassel on is ripping off. They are clearly incompetent. Not only that, the place smells like an ashtray when you walk in. How are your clothes even clean when they come from that? Awful.
1	Not only did they damage a sweater, they told me they would take care of it with my tailor and never did.  On top of that, they write in PERMANENT MARKER on your clothes! Unbelievable! Stay away from this place.  Take the time and take your clothes somewhere else.
1	I used Galardi's for ~ 4 months when I first moved to Pittsburgh. I've since changed cleaners. I think Galardi offers great service for pick up and deliver dry cleaning in the downtown area. The owner is actually a nice lady; but, after nearly having 3 shirts ruined I decided enough was enough. I think their delivery guy is a huge part of the problem, I actually like the owner, but I can't keep having my clothes messed up and not have anyone take responsibility for it. I wish I could tell people to go here but I can't do it in good conscience.
