3	Was that a gunshot??? NO that was the sound of the bag lady at the Sandwich Club!!!  YES they have a great variety of sandwiches and CHIPS of all things.....My coworkers and I were here today for lunch.  I have been here many times despite the frosty service.  I love the reubens and the veggie burgers.  If you start going regularly get the card, where if you buy five you get one free.  The veggie burger is very good, you can get it on a pita instead of a big bun to make is a little healthier.  Delish!!!One reflection on today's fruit:  I was laughing when my coworker threw her $2.95 fruit cup out saying that the cantelope tastes like dirt.  How could she be so finicky and silly?  But then I tried mine, yes she was right.  Blah.  I have to say the fruit is not always dirt-esque...I have had it before and it has been 'fine'.  Just beware.....on this day it was a total waste of money.So what on earth is up with the bag lady?  I have only been able to get her to smile once, it was a fleeting experience.  But the most remarkable experience about the Sandwich Club is to watch her bag the sandwiches.  When the sandwich comes out of the kitchen, she rings you up and bags your sandwich (snapping the bag open with one hand with a GIANT SNAP).  It is quite the experience, and the food is reasonable, but be prepared to wait in line for a bit if you get there at peak times.  :-D
3	Ever since the office moved to the new building, there were complaints of nowhere to eat. Wrong. Plenty of places. One of them is The Sandwich Club. I would only give it 3 stars, even though the Eggplant & Mozzarella Focaccia was the best ever. A few reasons:* Lines get very long during lunch time, so if you are in a hurry to grab something before the meeting, forget it. The orders are taken pretty quickly, however, they are fulfilled painfully slowly! If they only hired another person to prepare the orders, they would not be losing so many customers who are in a hurry (and I tell ya, being one of them sucks!)* There are 50 different varieties of potato chips on display. None of them are "baked" variety. * Very much empty space. I understand that the ownership wants to fill it with customers waiting for their orders, but still. A few more tables would be nice.Overall, good experience. You can buy your food there and eat in the park. By the way, they are putting the Ice Skating Rink there right now! Yay.
3	I keep trying to like this place, I really do. But it fails more times than not. Today they had a special and I wanted pickles instead of cucumber, but they wanted to charge me extra for pickles. :(I asked for extra mayo because they are SO light handed with their condiments. It is not even on half the bread. :(  The pickles were only on one half of my sandwich, of course not the side with the mayo. Sadly, I did not notice until I was leaving that they had a rating of a 90. If I had seen that before, I would have just gone elsewhere to begin with. Some of the people working there seem almost annoyed that customers are there. The man who either owns or manages it is pretty nice, but he is not rule, he is the exception. Now that more and more places are opening, including Panera, where you can get exactly what they have for the same or lower price and have a better end experience, I would say Sandwich Club is a place to go if you have to...and if you do not mind a poor cleanliness rating. A 90 is pretty bad, IMO!
2	My coworker and I kept noticing the long lines during lunch, so both of us thought "place must be good". We were both wrong.The menu at face value looks awesome. I got the impression that it was a deli with fresh ingredients, airy bread - overall quality food.We ordered the chicken cordon bleu and the chicken grill sandwiches. Chip selection was awesome with a range for every taste. The sandwiches were, in a word, forgettable.My breaded chicken cutlet was popped in the microwave before it was put on my sandwich, making the breading mushy and not appetizing whatsoever. Pair that with semi-stale bread and the sandwich was a lost cause. I only ate half of it before throwing the rest away. With the sandwich, chips, and tea coming to 10 bucks and some change, you can say I was a little disappointed.Lesson learned that you can get a much fresher, more appetizing sandwich somewhere like Panera, for less money.
3	3 stars really captures this place.  Not quite at the level of a 4 star, but definitely not 2 stars.  I liked that they were fairly quick, had a nice broad selection, and used good meat.  It definitely lacks that oomph that would push it beyond the levels of medicrity it currently resides in.  I had the Italian Cut being a fan of salami, pepperoni, etc. and it was a good sandwich utilizing Italian bread!  Also, just enough Italian dressing to keep the bread and meat altogether.Would I come here again? Probably, it's a fine sandwich place and nice go-to for mixing it up instead of the same old places.dmo out
2	I thought this place had to be good, since there are always long lines going out the door... not so much the case. $7+ microwaved sandwiches just doesn't cut it. I tried the Chicken Grille, and it was bland and dry- even with the condiments. Not worth the hype!
3	Always long lines at prime lunch hours but they generally move pretty quickly.  The menu is a sandwich lovers dream but, the overall execution is at the A-OK level only.  That's not bad, I mean there IS the option of 1 or 2 stars BUT there is also the option of 4 - 5!The quality of meat is good (Boars Head) as is the quantity on the sandwiches.  The breads range from good to "used to be good but now it's stale" and there is no excuse for selling a sandwich on stale bread!  The Club is close to my section of cubeville so, I generally make it there once a month or so but, if it were just a wee bit more consistent and a wee bit cheaper, I would definitely up the frequency of visits.
4	I've eaten lunch at this place more than any other place and must say they have what I am looking for i.e. fast, friendly service cobined with decent food at a decent price.When I say decent price I refer only to the sandwiches / burgers. Everything else is just a cash cow for them.The veggie burger is definitely a favourite however the weekly speacials are also nice.Have tried the entire chicken and turkey selection and the choices are good. Some items obviously are better than the others but it is a place where the chance of going wrong is remote.
3	Hello Friends!!!Grumbles wanted a little something different (and "Healthy") for lunch. Queue "The Sandwich Club"ActionI called my order in @ 1:05 +/- and ordered the #18 (see pictures). Walked over and picked my food up. The sandwich was ok, needed flavor. Tasted really bland. Actually I tasted the sprouts and c'cumbers over everything else. Darn you "Grumbles" for this healthy food kick... darnnn youuuuu!!!!!!!! (echoes) 98.9 Health codeI'll try it again and get something else or tell them to "KICK it up a notch" (Emeril voice)
3	Hey! Three stars is nothing to be sad about!  I had the Italian, the bread was good, there was ample meat, nothing special, nothing horrible.  Actually the service was great, we were up in the area for the Carolina Fest - Labor day celebration - which was a part of the DNC week in Charlotte.  They didn't jack their prices up at all, and even though it was standing room only it took no longer than getting a sandwich at any other sandwich shop.  In fact it was still probably quicker than Penn Station.If you are in the area (right off the green) and have a hankering for a quick bite you should try it.  I'll be back and I'm sure I'll have to up my rating to four stars.
3	They serve boar heads meat and cheese which I'm a fan off. I stopped in during the DNC and the place was packed. They got my order relatively quickly and I didn't wait too long to receive it either. The cashier wasn't over pleasantly, but again it was during the DNC. A little too much dressing and high prices, but I would try it again.
4	Ruthlessly efficient and unfailingly consistent.  I work in the area and eat here about twice a week when I want a quick, dependable sando. (This is probably the only place where I've successfully redeemed one of those "buy 5 get one free cards"...although here it's buy 5 and get $5 off, which is not quite as good).  The dude that runs the show (I should know his name by now but don't) is nice and is damn good at his job, keeping it moving during the busy lunch crush.The menu is big but not overboard, and there's always something that suits my mood.  Decently good value for what you get.  A couple of my favorites include the Gobbler, the Veggie Burger, and the Vermont Peddler (love that sharp cheddar on the roast beef with slaw, Russian dressing on pumpernickel!)
3	I am a Boar's Head girl & was excited to find a spot close to my office. Tucked away in the back of a building...don't know which (sorry). I arrived @ 12:00 and the line was long. You order at the counter & they yell your name when it's ready. The guy taking orders was pretty rude, and very short with the customers. I waited over 20 minutes for a turkey sandwich..a little long in my mind. I got the Heathy Choice, turkey, Swiss, spinach & honey mustard on wheat..and I added bacon. The meat & cheese were great, but the bread tasted a little stale. And, $10.00 for a sandwich & drink seems a little high.
4	I didn't know this place existed despite two Uptown locations. Then my co-worker started bringing a sandwich back to the office every day and they looked so good.I finally went and found the line pretty much out the door. How had I missed out on this?The menu, while well organized, actually looked overwhelming because there were so many good looking choices. I just went with the #1 Parkside and had no regrets. It was delicious! They also use Boar's Head meats which are top choice.Now I get to go back and decide if I want to work my way to some of the other tasty looking choices or stick with the goodness I had. Regardless, I'll be back.They also have a punch card and I think after 5 or 6 visits you get $5 off. Not to bad seeing as most places require 10 punches for a free sandwich ($6-7 off).
4	Good reasonably priced sandwiches...and I like the consistency in taste/ingredients. Gets pretty busy around lunchtime, but has become a reliable lunch spot for me!
3	This place epitomizes a 3 star rating for me. A tad pricey, but a solid sandwich every time I've been.  I'm a cheapass when it comes to lunch because I go out so often, but I'll splurge on this place every so often.  I usually opt to get one of the built to order sandwiches and it runs me a little over $7.  You'll be hitting $10 with chips and a drink.  I'm a pretty big guy and this'll hold me over for my mid day meal (with other small snacks throughout the day of course).  They've also got a decent loyalty card where you buy 5, get $5 off.
4	Went here for lunch. They have a large selection of sandwiches and chips. The sandwiches taste pretty good and they use Boar's Head meats. The bread was okay but not memorable. During lunch, the line goes out the door, but the workers are very efficient and take your order as you wait in line. So by the time you get to the cashier and pass by the large variety of chips, your sandwich will be ready. The wait was around 15 minutes but I think it was worth it. The seats in the courtyard make for a nice outdoor lunch.They also offer great breakfast sandwiches.
2	Definately an all around 2 star rating.  I am a vegetarian and I like sandwiches with lots of vegtables.  Charging extra for every vegetable brought my sandwich to $10.50.  No meat just vegtables.  It was just ok.  Long wait and my friend who is not a vegetarian got the Italian sandwich with extra vegtables and his broke $11.00.  We did not order chips and drinks.  Not my ideal place.  There are other sandwich shops that we can get better sandwiches for $3 - $4 less.  Boars head is not the BEST meat by the way.  It's just a brand.  If the meat sits in the cooler for 7 days it rots like every other meat.  It's nothing special, just an expensive sandwich shop.
4	Lunch.  Usually the pinnacle of everyone's day and how you plan for it to make the work day go by can be key.  Working in Uptown has its perks, there is no shortage of places to go get "lunch."   One of my go to favorites for lunch is the classic sandwich - and it's even better when you can get someone else to make it for you.The Sandwich Club usually has a long, moving line during peak lunch hours.  I like to go on an off hour to skip the line and have that much more time to enjoy my sandwich.  With 33 different sandwiches to choose from, you can't really go wrong at this place.Pretty simple set up.  Come in, place your sandwich order, move on down the line, pick up chips (if you want them), pay and wait for your name to be called out.  There are a couple of places to sit and enjoy your lunch, or take your sandwich out to the Green and enjoy it outside (hopefully with good weather).
5	At a trade show at the Charlotte Convention Center and found this place across the street.  Excellent!  Every person in our group ended up going there and all had great food.
4	Veggie burger was fantastic! Excellent texture and flavor! Everything is a la carte and most sandwiches seem to be $6.50 and up, which is why I went with 4 stars and not 5 - they are a little pricey for my tastes. Go early - I was there for 5 minutes and the line was almost out the door!
