4	Before I relocated to Charlotte, Chipotle and Baja Fresh had my heart since there were no Qdoba locations in Detroit.  Chipotle still has my heart, just a smaller piece of it... as I am now a die-hard loyalist to the Q!!!  Loves this location because the staff is friendly and the guys are always heavy-handed with the chicken for my quesadillas and queso burrito!  Loves that you can dine out back on the patio porch in the summer and enjoy the breathtaking view of the apartment complex fountain... LOL!   Food is delish, staff is cool, and a (back deck) room with a view... what more could you ask for???
3	When it comes to fast-casual burritos, I really prefer Chipolte, but given that Qdoba is much closer, I go there more often. I do really like their poblano chicken burrito with cilantro-lime rice.  When I have stopped into this location, it is not too crowded so service is generally pretty fast here and you have plenty of options for seating.
2	Went here for midweek lunch. The nearby high school had gotten out early so the place was packed with screaming teenagers. We should have left but decided to hang in there. We were 11th in line...The chicken burrito was just fair; the rice and beans were watery and soft. My wife had a quesadilla whose crust was burned.This location has outside seating overlooking a large manmade pond with a fountain and ducks. There's an awning to protect you from the heat and summer sun; nice.
3	Chicken nachos with corn salsa... I crave it regularly. It is good and fresh.
4	Why am I writing this review? Well, one of my fellow yelp buddy was so persistent that Qdoba is better then Chipotle, that I gave Qdoba a shot again, because a year ago, their foods was kind of bleh to me, so i never went back...until now. Well, since I'm writing this review and giving it a 4 stars, you can obviously guess that I like my experience. Their foods tasted much better, and the service was much better too. Though i would love their steaks to be a bit more seasoned, other than that problemo, they're pretty good. Also the portion they give to you is much bigger than Chipotle, so that is a bonus. So I guess Qdoba is slowing regaining my love again :)
4	This is a great spot for a quick take home dinner on a week night.  The food is good and consistent. I usually get the grilled chicken burrito or naked burrito or naked burrito ad my husband tends to mix it up.  We have even had them cater an event with crowd pleasing results.
