3	Into any given set of meals, a few chains must fall, luckily Ruby Tuesday is a better one than average.The food is good quality, better than other chains and I like that they have a salad bar.  Everyone got the Ruby Mini Combo with the salad bar.  You get 2 small slider burgers that are garnished with cheese, pickle and a small piece of onion ring on toasted rolls.  I don't believe the description said they came with cheese, so if you don't like cheese make sure to order it without.  The burgers were good and tasty as were the accompanying fries.  I really liked the salad bar.    The salad bar was constantly being restocked with fresh ingredients and there was a good variety of items and I didn't encounter any produce that was starting to go bad, which is sometimes the case with chains and their produce.At $8.99 these was a good value lunch as well, vecause you could go backt o the salad bar and much as you wanted.  The biggest sin Ruby Tuesday is guilty of is they instruct their servers to be touchy-feely.  By that I mean, they bend down when they talk to you so that they are at eye-level, make sure they tell you their names, they make chit chat about their lives in order to get a bigger tip.  Our server brought complimentary birthday sundaes to the group of ladies to our right, which elicited a big round of "OOOOhs" from the tape and I'm sure a bigger tip.  But if that is the biggest thing they do wrong, I'll deal with it.
1	Once upon a time I used to think Ruby Tuesdays was kinda OK for a quick lunch, the one at PV mall that is.This Location in Gilbert is another story. When you walk inside it's so generic, almost McDonald-ish, you'd really expect to see a play area in the middle of the restaurant.I don't even think the booths were secured to the ground.I could never enjoy eating in there when I compare it's decor to the original Ruby Tuesdays decor; dark wood ,stained glass etc.The food went downhill along with the decor. They don't even have the Strawberry Tallcake anymore...WTF...?!
4	I know I sound like I am 80yrs old but I love Ruby Tuesday's. I have had BBQ ribs at almost every resaurant that has ribs and shockingly Ruby Tuesdays has the best I have ever had. You probably think I am kidding but Im not. Their mini burgers are also great, the salad bar is simple but good, my wife likes it. Their potato salad is good. I like this location out of all the ones I have been to, is is generic like previous reviewer but good food, which is really important.
4	Just went for the salad bar.  As always everything looked fresh and great.I had the salad with a soup of the day (broccoli and cheese).Waitress was a younger lady with blondish brown hair, she was all smiles and for the most part prompt.  We had to find her for the bill.Strawberry lemonade is out of this world, they put it in a fancy tall glass and accent it with a leaf of mint.I would go back even before mothers day.
2	I generally don't love chain restaurants, nor do I feel the need to review them because of their general mediocrity, but being from the SF bay, Ruby Tuesday was new to me and I always like to give new-to-me restaurants a shot.  Their website makes everything look so delicious.  That was my first mistake though, right?  Never believe the pictures.Having gone at an off-peak hour (about 8:30 p.m.) in an off-peak season (summer, so I heard the waitress tell another table) I would've expected prompt service and fresh food.  However, this was not so.  Our waitress had a total of 2 tables and she had gotten so caught up in chatting with the other table that our food sat under heat lamps for who knows how long.  (You can always tell when that happens by how hot your plate is when they serve it to you.)  Our burgers were over-cooked, almost to the point of being rubbery, and the fries were luke-warm.  Ate enough to get full and threw the rest away.  Oh well, now I know.
3	It is day 6 of my pursuit of not eating meat, so I stopped by Ruby Tuesday for a salad bar. The salad bar is usually decent, but I rarely go to Ruby Tuesdays. Being that I am planning on showing up for the PF Chang half marathon tomorrow, I thought a salad would be a good choice.The menu has changed and was fairly big. There were some nice options pictured, but I already narrowed my search to salads. The salad bar is all you can eat for $7.99. Looking over the menu, I noticed a selection of mini sandwiches, including a veggie mini. When I asked our waiter what's the veggie mini like? Another waiter passing by said "bad!" - then I saw it - pimento cheese mini. Really? That's like 1978! The thing I noticed is the menu listed the price of the pimento minis at $6.99, and $7.99 with the salad. Having seen the salad bar was $7.99 itself, that means the pimento minis were free. And they came with a side a fries, so why not? The plate came with 2 pimento minis and the fries. I had a good sized salad, so there was plenty of food for $7.99. One bite and I was instantly catapulted into my youth with gubment cheese, Vienna sausage and olive loaf. Nostalgic!Overall the salad bar was very good, the pimento cheese as good as pimento cheese could be and the service was wonderful.
4	The service was great! The hamburgers are just okay. Go to Fudruckers if you want a real good burger. Their drinks are excellent. My favorite was the strawberry lemonade.
3	Nothing special, but an OK burger (nothing like they claim to the best you will ever eat)  I would have probably gone higher on the rating, but they did one of the biggest no no's and pet peeves of mine - they left the MAYO on when I asked for it off.  Again, seems silly but I pay attention to the places that pay attention to me (the one who is giving THEM money and going back to them)  Again, all and all it wasn't bad and my wife loves the salad bar so we will probably be back, and I hope when we do they do a better job of listening.
4	I hate chains, but I love this place!  The best thing is the service.  You can tell the staff is very well trained.  (12 yrs in the business, I should know).  The food is also very good, and hot.  The ribs are great.  The lemonade is very good, lots of flavors, and free refills!  I recommend this place.
3	We dined there today at 3:45 and had an interesting time, from trying to flag down the waiter three or four times to watching someone get caught for walking out on their steak and lobster bill. I ordered a cheese and bacon burger, well done, and got a cheese burger, medium well (a little pink). I had to try to get the waiter's attention to come back and fix it (put bacon on it); by that time my husband was halfway through his burger. The fries he had and the onion rings I had were okay, but not up to the standards we've come to enjoy at Red Robin. There were only a couple dozen people in the place, so it was very quiet, but it wasn't easy to get anyone's attention to get our soft drinks refilled or anything else. I had to ask twice for an extra napkin. It wasn't like the wait staff were run ragged by a huge, noisy crowd. They were, however, extremely professional, nice, personable, and did a great job when you could get their attention. The atmosphere was considerably more upscale and "adult" than, say, Red Robin, which is set up for fun and families; RT seems like a place you'd bring a colleague or business prospect for a quiet lunch of burgers or steak. The prices were "reasonable" to "a bit high"; our burgers & fries were $8.99 (fair price), the peach-flavored ice tea was $3.49 (too high, in my opinion). I liked the thick, meaty taste and texture of the burgers. They were huge, too big for either of us to finish at the restaurant. I asked for BBQ sauce on the side; I should have tasted it before pouring it on my burger, because it tasted strongly of vinegar, not typical of the sugar-tomato-based BBQ sauce I prefer. Comparing RT to Red Robin, Outback, and TGI Friday's, all of which we frequent, I don't think it stacked up very well. We went because we had a coupon for a free burger, but even with another freebie, I don't know if we'll go back.
3	I went here a couple nights ago with my boyfriend, everyone was so nice. But the decor was so different from the Ruby Tuesdays that I am use to, so is the atmosphere. It use to be like a sports bar, now I get a Dennys Ihope kinda feel. The food was very tasty but I will not come back. Just not my scene lol
1	Very bad. The salad bar used to be one of their strengths. They've cut back on the number of items offered. I tried one of the few items on the menu that listed calories (BBQ chicken with one side). Sauce was cloyingly sweet. The side I chose was creamy mashed cauliflower. It was little better than baby food. The plating was absurd as well: these two items alone on a plate - little islands of yuck on a sea of porcelain. Will not return to this or any other Ruby Tuesday.
5	I enjoyed the food and the newly updated look is nice.
3	Ruby Tuesdays is always an evolving change.   The salad bar which was one of their biggest attractions has cut back on the number of items available.   At the same time the side items on the menu have increased in depth and taste.   The food was okay ... not the best and not the worst ... just average.   RT seems to want to become an above average place but they are missing it on the details.  Wait staff was okay they did come around a number of times.  For as slow as it was, i would have expected more attentive staff.  Additionally, the staff could have been cleaning the place more as it was slow.
4	I have always loved Ruby Tuesdays, I've been numerous times at various locations and have absolutely no complaints. I love their cheesy biscuits they give you.  I also love the Blackberry ice tea, it's so delish that I create a reason to go there just to have the tea!  Service has always been very good, friendly and efficient.  The food is always good!  No complaints on my part!
5	Salad bar is out of this world!!!! Yummy drinks to choose from and decent choices for sides - love this place!
4	Me and my boyfriend go to here at least once a month we enjoy the food and like the clean atmosphere and great service. Their food is just okay but still delicious
5	I don't get these rating at all. You really go to a restaurant for the look! Wtf is wrong you comparing RT to McDonald's sad. RT at least has customer service and it's your good at thatI go to the RT on market often, with my family and I love this play not much to the inside low lighting and a bar. I like to mix up what I get but I really love the unique sides they have fresh and healthy. I was on a diet and had tons of options. My favourite is chicken fresco with grilled zucchini and salad bar. And the cheddar biscuits are amazing but really small.
5	Got a great burger here tonight!  It was as good as I would have made at home. Perfectly cooked too. Our server Missy was fantastic as well.
5	My boyfriend and I come here every chance we get. The speediness of service is always on point and their food is simply amazing. My favorite entree has got to be their Shrimp Parmesan Pasta. It's delicious creamy sauce and juicy bite sized shrimp will have you licking the plate clean and my boyfriend really enjoys their Smoky Mountain chicken for the protein. Don't forget about their salad bar there are too many good items to pass up! We have yet to try any of their desserts because we're always too stuffed but we will definitely have to plan a trip just for that mouthwatering dessert menu
3	Salad bar and drinks were boss but the appetizers were awful. I liked the peach martini. Service was quick and friendly. Would come again for the salad bar.
3	Dishes were served quickly and presentation was excellent. I had the pasta which was Ok, but I like their ribs better. And of course the little biscuits are great, just need more of them.
1	The server was late for her shift which caused a delay in my service.  The opening biscuits looked half eaten when they arrived.  My daughter and I ordered burgers and fries.  We got cold fries, mass produced frozen burger patties, and food poisoning instead.  Sorry, but this was my first and only visit.  I will not be returning.  At least the salad bar looked clean.
4	my wife gave the most succinct review of this place, better than anything I could have written - "The food was better than I expected". she had a grilled chicken blt and I had a basic burger and both were way better than I would have expected from a chain restaurant with a centrally placed salad bar.  the service was fast and everything looked clean.some mook in a dress shirt accosted us about how the meal was going after we were done eating and asked why we didn't get dessert.  fuck off shift manager assface, I'm not here to drive your UPT or attach rate or whatever. I hate when the manager at any restaurant interrupts my meal, but especially when you try to upsell me. Betsy (our server) kicked ass though, free drinks to go is a solid play.
4	Been here a couple times for the burger with the pretzel bread bun, which is really good.
4	It's great to pick your dinner with a salad bar as a side-item. Also, their menus have a lot of options if you don't want a big meal. Overall I have been here a few times and never disappoint.
3	My food actually wasn't bad but it did get cold fast because it was so cold in the restaurant. I think they need to make it a little more comfortable. My boyfriend's fries came out cold but they did make them again and the manager made sure we were ok. The server was on top of things with refills, napkins, and she was friendly.
5	It was our first time at a Ruby Tuesday's and it won't be our last. The service was great. We really enjoyed our bbq chicken flatbread and the burgers were great. I had a margarita that tasted wonderful. The atmosphere was delightful.
5	Had a great appetizers called thr big dipper it was so filling that when dinner of steak loaded bake potato fresh grilled zucchini came i couldn't even eat it..left overs are always great to have. Hubby had parmesan chicken pasta which he also really enjoyed
