5	My family and I have gotten our routine oil changes, tire repairs, punctured gas tank replacement, engine electrical problem repair and other services done.  They always get things done quickly or in a timely manner.Thank you EXCEL AUTO SERVICES!  Your staff never fails to amaze me with the great customer service you offer your customers and the quality of work done on our automobiles.  Yet again... Not just on this occasion but several others you've come to the rescue!  It makes a huge difference, less headache and less hassle to know that we have a reliable auto shop we can go to.  I can't say thank you enough.
5	The guys at the shop have been absolutely AMAZING! They have never failed to impress me with their honesty, communication and considerate and timely service. As a REALTOR, I completely depend on my car being in good working condition.  They've assisted me when my fuel pump tanked on me in the middle of the freeway and they've helped my Mother when her car broke down in the middle of traffic, they got us back on the road within a day!!! Every time I've gone to get my car serviced, I leave confident that our vehicles were in great hands and really being cared for. I've referred them out to friends, family and clients all over the Vegas Valley and will continue to.
5	Excellent service. Great and honest people... Got my engine oil, manual transmission and transaxle gear lube, transfer case lubricant, brake/clutch fluid and power steering fluid done today. Great price compared to Tireworks, Sears and the over rated Auto Pro shop. Joe who is the office, made me feel welcome. Al the mechanic did a great job. Thanks a whole lot to Tiffany Bautista-Medeiros for the help. HIGHLY RECOMMEND PEOPLE TO GO EXCEL... Great honest people, Overall Great Company... Will return for routine maintenance for my EVO 9...
4	So far so great, the staff treats you like family and takes precision in their craft.
5	Customer service is good but most importantly the fix my car and I don't have to worry about having the same issue a few months down the line.
5	Let start off by saying I live in Los Angeles. I had to leave my car at this shop because I had to return to work in LA. After a couple months and some problems with insurance, my car feels like it brand new again! The team at Excel, especially Joe and Gerald are very responsive and keep you updated. I was very frustrated with handling issues with insurance, however they kept in touch sending supplementals always staying on top of it. They were able to get the needed parts and once they did, the entire job only took about three days. The repair took so long because there was trouble getting the parts. These guys are willing to go the extra mile and give you your moneys worth! If you are looking for any type of automotive work I highly suggest Excel. Excellent service and very honest employees. They even changed my battery and aligned it. They have built my trust and anytime I am in Las Vegas, I will look no further than these guys.
5	They deserve 10 STARS!!!I dont remember exactly what I needed replaced (fuel regulator? Fuel injector?) but got an estimate from them for $480. That seemed really expensive BUT my bf called his friend that worked at a Honda dealership in California and was told that price was very reasonable for parts + labor! So I decided to leave my car there for repairs then Joe called me a few days later to tell me that I only needed 1 of the parts that came in so my estimate is HALF of what he initially quoted me for!! Ive been ripped off from mechanics before so their honesty is much much appreciated!!
5	We stopped in to get our oil changed and they got us right in! It only took about 20 minutes and we were back on the road! Good prices and nice people. We will be going back!
5	I never write reviews.. but I feel EXCEL Auto is well deserving of all the positive feedback & support :) I have gone through Excel for both mechanical & auto body services & have had a professional, honest, timely, well done service every time! Highly recommended THANKS EXCEL
5	Came in without an appointment to get my battery changed and was out within 30 mins. Quick, friendly, honest service at a lower price than your average chain shop! Thanks Excel!
3	Don't get me wrong I got in and out for a synthetic blend oil change which consist of oil filter, tire rotation,top off fluids,and check tire air... But I felt like because I'm a girl and asked questions the guy at the front said they didn't have time to do other than just an oil change, wish I was told that from time of checking in instead of being told when my car was already being worked on and when I ask the question..... I felt pretty jepD! Don't have a sign with all that stuff with oil change when u still gonna charge me the same price! Hopefully the next time If lI come back please don't let me b the one to do the questioning and instead tell your clients what exactly what it comes with an oil change so m don't feel ripped off especially a girl that don't know anything about cars and still felt ripped off and was charged $70
