5	I love DV. It's right behind the Pier 1, next to Sub Factory. Yes, the nail techs will talk shit about you in their native tongue, but there are 2 techs I never stray from: there's the hot scrappy one with the bad teeth who always wears really cute heels, and then there's Tina, the most awesome nail tech ever. Don't let the anglicized name fool you, she hardly understands a word you're saying, other than the basics, so I don't have to do the small talk thing. I can just zone and enjoy. I love Tina!Also, this place is way cheap.
5	So, for my date tonight to the Compass Room, I needed to get my nails done.  I removed my acrylics myself last week.  I read the reviews here and decided to try DV.You know, sometimes when you walk into a nail shop for the first time, it's almost like the Soup Nazi.  Not this place!There were two girls ahead of me, so I waited a bit, but only about ten minutes.  It's bigger than the place I had been going to!  Really clean and I heard ENGLISH being spoken by the nail techs!  That was nice.  Yeah, there were still speaking Vietnamese (or so I think) to each other, yes, probably about us gringas, but it was refreshing to hear actualy conversations.I had Le.  She was so sweet!  I told her all about my date, too.She was quick, and made some suggestions about what to get.  Usually I like clear tips that they have to paint.  I was kinda short on time, so I went with her suggestion of white tips.  Plus, it was about $5 cheaper.She was quick but *really* methodical.  I think this may be the nicest set of acrylics I've gotten out here in the PHX!She even called me by name throughout the conversation.$25 for a new full set.  Not bad at all
5	This place is very fast and all the nail techs are very polite.  The place can get very busy, but they have a lot of magazines and the wait is never long.  Very clean.
5	I work right by this place and I was impressed with the number of techs they have available at a time. When I walked in it looked like everyone was busy but I still got in within a matter of minutes. Jackie was impressive. She was very detail oriented and she helped me figure out something different to do with my nails. The prices are very reasonable, also! I'll be back tomorrow on my lunch break for a pedicure.
5	I'm the girly girly-ist tom boy you'll ever meet. Sitting through an hour of getting my nails done is pure hell to me. Pedicures are not "relaxation time" for me, it's "pain in the ass time".  I hate getting my hair done and I can't stand shopping. I'd rather be out drinking whiskey and shooting pool. All of this is very difficult for me you understand, because at the same time I like to be pretty. This is where DV comes in to save the day (or at least my hands and feet)  Le is my nail tech. I ONLY go to her though I can say I've had pedi's from some of the other ladies and they're all quite thorough. I'm insanely picky about my nails. It borders on OCD (no joke). Le is extremely detail oriented and my nails turn out perfect every time. It's always packed in there and that is a testament to quality of product if you ask me. The prices are comparable to anywhere else you might go though I don't recommend going anywhere else. It's close to home and afterward I can make a quick run over to Old Navy (one of the few places I can stomach shopping) It's still a pain in the ass.... the whole damn thing... but at least my fingers and toes look cute. (god, that was the most stupid "chick" thing that has ever come out of my mouth) I'm glad I could share it with you.
5	I don't have an in-depth review, but I wanted to pile on say this place is great. I don't get mani's a lot, but I try to get one every few weeks. Ever since I stopped biting my nails, I must get them trimmed somehow. Lately many of the places I've been going just don't do a good job. I don't know if they think guys don't know any better or what, but it gets old. Also, I don't get pedi's though because my wife has scarred me for life by making me watch a 20/20 expose about them. Anyway...This place was great! Everyone was very friendly and my girl kept the conversation going even though I wasn't feeling that great, so that was awesome. She was quick but thorough, which is also awesome.She asked if I wanted my nails buffed and I said I didn't want them to be shiny. She said they wouldn't be too shiny, just look nice, then mentioned next that was it was $4 more but I sprung for it, because I was in a spending frenzy. :S They were very shiny. For a couple weeks. Not cool.I plan on going back tonight, but I won't be getting my nails buffed. :)
4	Ok, I hate eating crow (read: looking like an idiot), but I'll do it for my fellow yelpers.30 minutes after writing this review, I went to DV again. I got Julie and it was only a good experience. I clearly stated that I wanted my nails super short. She asked me to be sure and I said, yes, if I'm bleeding they are too short, but otherwise go for it.They didn't get cut short enough, but mainly they were just uneven. Not uneven like the whites were uneven to actually round them correctly, but just uneven. :( Also my cuticles weren't cleaned up well. She did a decent job on my ridges, but overall it was too quick and not thorough. Next time I go I'll have to make an appointment so I be sure to get someone else.
4	Finally, thanks to the reviews on yelp, I've found a mani/pedi place that I like, reasonable prices, clean, prompt and good.  I've had Tran twice now and have been happy both times. I like my nails to be oval/natural - no dragon lady nails for me.  I have been all over Central Phoenix for my toes and fingers -  disappointed in most of the places I went.  Really happy with Tran and DV nails.
4	I've been coming here for years.  I try out another place from time to time, but really DV can't be beat for the price.  You could go to a higher end salon and pay 50 bucks for a pedicure.  But, me?  I'd rather keep it real and only pay 19 bucks (before tip).  They have nice product (OPI) and clean facilities. The TV is on but not blaring and the techs are flexible about making conversation or leaving you in peace to enjoy your service.  They take both walk-ins and appointments but I've always walked in.  I've had to wait on occasion but only because they were really busy.  Not a biggie though because I like to catch up on my magazine reading.
5	I hate trying to find a good nail salon.  Yelp has helped me out on several occasions when I lived in San Jose.  I found a couple of great salons.  When Iain B. send me his review of Dv Nail Salon, I knew I had to try it.  Not only that but it's close to my house.  Score!  My daughter and I went in last Satuday.  I figured if I was a walk-in I would have to wait a while.  I think I only waited about 10 mins.  I was greeted warmly, told to pick out a color, and have a seat.  They were busy but what salon isn't busy on a Saturday?  They ladies seemed to have it together though.  They were all working, chatting with their cllients or amoungst themselves but I heard mostly english instead of the usual vietnamese.  My nail tech was Tracy and she was a sweetheart.  She did a great job. A needed a pedicure badly.  She made my toes look beautiful!  She even put the cutest flowers on them too.  I will ask for Tracy next time I go back.  My daughter got a peducture too.  She was a little aprehensive at first but there was another little girl her age in one of the chairs having a pedicure too so she gave it a go.  Her nail tech was very patient. with her and did a great job!  She loved it so now it will become a mother/daughter outing to get our toes polished and pretty. The shop was clean and everyone was nice and friendly.  More english was being spoken here then I have heard in any nail salon in a long time.  I like that.  And I appreciate that.  Dv's prices were also resonable.  They have got my business, especially since it's another great spot close to where I live.
5	Quality for the best prices available.  I've been going here for over 5 years and have never encountered any issues.  I highly recommend scheduling an appointment so that you can have lightening fast service.  Even if you just call ahead a few hours before you want to show up, you'll get in and out!  I've gone during my lunch hour and with a scheduled appointment, I'm in and out in a half hour.
2	It's a Vietnamese nail shop. It's not fancy. It's not particularly clean. The staff isn't particularly friendly, nor is the service anything amazing. Average, average, average -- and when there's an identical shop on every corner, average isn't good enough. I think I'll stick to the three shops on my regular rotation...
5	Nothing like sitting here on my lunch break, texting bitches, Julie molesting my feet in the best way....maybe I'm a girl after all...maybe even the kind of girl that likes other girls...I wonder if Julie's available for private parties.. oh, and my toes are beautiful!
4	After avoiding getting my nails done for a year after moving to Phoenix because I was scared of getting a terrible pink and white job, I finally asked a colleague for a recommendation. They said Dv Nails is perfect for what I was looking for- fast, no frills, quality work.I just tried it out a few minutes ago and had Tran give me a full set of pink and whites for 38 bucks plus another 5 for the gel top coat. Fantastic work! Totally comparable to my skilled nail person back in DC!I will definitely go again. I didn't give it 5 stars because its not, like, glorious or anything. It's a strip mall nail place and looks like a million others... but when the work is quality, I don't care if the atmosphere is boring. Good work, Tran!
3	Okay I had to reduce them a star because in 24 hours the gel top coat on my pink and white's turned a tinged brownish color! I went back immediately at 10am when they opened and they told me to come back tomorrow. I said there was no way I was going to work with brown-hued nails (it looks like I smoked 4000 cigarettes on all fingers) so she said ok come back at noon. I returned at noon and waited about 15-20 minutes and then they filed the gel off and put a new coat on... we will see how it goes! I hope it doesn't turn brown again. I've gotten pink and whites with gel topcoat for years without a problem!
5	DV Nail, may I help you? YES! You can - and always well. I've been going to DV Nails for years and they're great. I've "cheated" on them a few times when I hear of similar nail shops in the area offering specials and mini hot stone massages with a manicure but I always end up back at DV Nail. Their massage chairs are wonderful - strong massagers. You actually feel like you're getting worked on. They're clean, friendly and always do a great job for the price. It's not fancy by any means and I wish they'd turn on the radio instead of the fuzzy TV but they're consistently good. They carry every Essie & OPI color and my manicures always last a long time. A manicure & pedicure is $28 total + tip. I think that's great. I typically request Tina or Julie - they both take their time and do great. Don't be fooled by this place... there's often a long wait. I'd recommend an appointment.
1	Wish I had followed Jayd's advice and specifically requested Jackie. I felt a proposal from my long term boyfriend was eminent (I was right) and wanted to get my nails done since I (finally!) stopped biting mine. I was fairly pleased with the look of my French tip manicure for the first two days. However, my tech (can't remember her name) was really aggressive with cutting my cuticles even though I jerked my hands back, "Oww!". Now, not even a week later my polish is hideously chipping and I have little skin tags above my cuticles due to her roughness. In spite of this fabulous ring on my finger I shun at showing it to people because of my gross nails. And I was charged $17 for a natural nail French tip?! Locating my polish remover now and will NEVER return!
2	Yelp says that two stars is "Meh. I've experienced better."  But, I really haven't.  I'm a newbie to manicures - I think I do my own nails pretty well so I usually take care of them.  I'm not well versed in nail salons, but, I don't think a professional manicure is supposed to have air bubbles in the nail polish, like mine does.
4	Definitely my go to nail place when I am in Phoenix.  Lee is excellent with my nails - fast, friendly and efficient and the pedicures are great too!
4	Very reasonably priced and a higher quality pedicure than I expected.  I will be returning.
1	WORST pedicure I've ever had -- EVER.
4	I've gotten several very nice pedicures at DV.  The place isn't fancy but it's clean, the staff is friendly, and they offer good prices.
3	I used to frequent this place to the point that Julie & a couple of the girls still recognize me when I walk in.  This place is probably the most inexpensive nail salon in the "valley of the sun" for the quality of service received.  I always get a pedicure and sometimes a manicure. Only problem is, I would go to this salon as a walk-in occasionally on my way home from work (used to work downtown & commute on the 51 freeway from North Scottsdale) so it was hit or miss with which tech I would get as they are nearly always super busy. If I got Julie, she knew better than to try to up-sell me as she had me enough times to know I would not bite. If I got someone else, it could be pretty annoying having to shoot down their up-sell attempts and second efforts.  Also, it's really annoying how much they speak to each other in Vietnamese while servicing you & the television has been broken for quite a few months so picture and sound fade in and out which is also distracting.  That said, all in all I have been happy with them (or I wouldn't 't keep coming back, right???)  All in all, great service and product for the price, laid back setting, and an excellent end result.
3	I've been here several times.  You get what you pay for.  It's not a luxurious day spa, it's a nail place that just does (as far as I know) nails.  That being said, I've never had a bad experience.  The ladies that perform the services all seem very nice and friendly.  A couple times I've had to wait but not for long.  I will definitely be back.
4	Li and Anna to a great job on fills. Everything else is okay, nothing special. Lousy TV and mags, so bring your own entertainment.
3	In the Nordstrom Last Chance parking lot, this basic pedi for about $20 + tip was not bad for being a walk-in trying to kill time! The interior doesn't have much flair, but my gal was nice and definitely knew how to engage in conversation just the right amount. She talked with her co-workers a bit, but also made me feel comfortable as I read my magazines, conversed a bit and just enjoyed it. I actually would have spent MORE money if they'd asked if I wanted a design or additional add-ons. However, it's nice that they don't pressure you into lots of $5 upsells. (FYI, I didn't see prices posted, so if you have questions, ask! But everything seemed very reasonable.)I'd come back if I was in the area!
4	Very first time here and i will definitely be coming back. Great work done by Jaquelynn and also, it was at an affordable cost
4	Tina does a great job on gel manicures.  She is five stars.  I'm giving an overall four stars to the salon because the other person that did my nails wasn't as good.  She was more like three stars...so I'm averaging the rating to four.
1	I would like to rate the work here, but sadly I can't. The sign on the door states that they open at 9am. I had some time before work and thought I would get a quick mani pedi. I waited for 20 minutes and they never opened. As a small business I would expect they would want to be open during posted business hours to bring in new customers. I won't give them a chance to waste my time again.
1	Unless you have time to waste, don't go to this nail salon. Even when you make an appointment, they take clients up to the moment before your appointment so you have to wait 45 minutes.And when you show up (on time) they don't tell you that your appt will be 45 minutes later, they just tell you to pick a color so you have no idea that you will be waiting forever. By the time you realize what's going on, you have already been there so long you can't go somewhere else to get nails done in less time. Try kens nails instead, no matter when you show up, wait is never more than 10 or 15 minutes so they don't even do appts. They are in the Safeway shopping center on Indian school around 48th st.Or Biagio at 16th st and Glendale. If you make an appt there, you will be seen at the appt time. Both are a lot cleaner than dv nails which is extremely dirty.
3	First let me say, I really like the work at DV Nail Salon. I've always had great mani/pedis from them and the whole salon feels very clean. My nail techs have always been friendly and I've overall been happy. Where it loses a star from me is the inconsistency with their hours. The salon says they open at 9am but their techs don't start coming in until 930. I went this weekend and had to wait past nine for the store to even open. I was more than a little annoyed when the lady came and said, "oh, you're early". Reading reviews from other yelpers, it seems like this is common. So if you have time to kill, I definitely recommend DV Nail Salon, but if you're in a hurry I might try some of the other nail salons in the area.
4	so after i got my massage next door i walk in to this nail salon and they are busy like there is no tomorrow!i can understand some people they complain all the time if they walk in a business like this specially those people that you cant please them...i think the customer service in this place is good and good people becouse i was pleased with their customer service!!!
1	Very disappointed and frustrated after leaving this nail salon. Like most, I don't have a lot of time to spend on getting a pedicure so when I can carve out time I'm thrilled to get one done. I walked in with a friend, was directed to chairs for our pedis, and the gal working proceeded to work on my friend's toes while I sat without even water in the tub. waited and waited while a few ladies with appts showed up. finally after my friend was done she told me I had another 30 mins to wait. No apologies, no explanation... very frustrated and was incredibly disappointed with this rude and inconsiderate service. Obviously I left without a pedi as I didn't want to pay them a dime for anything.
4	They redecorated the place and it has a fresh new vibe! Still recommend Le or Anna for fills. Pedicure girls are all pretty good. New Greek restaurant next door is yummy!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE! My husband went to get a manicure and they cut his finger and he got sever INFECTION and it is very swollen!! He had to go to the doctor today!
1	Horrible job!! I would give it a zero star if I could. Very unsanitary !would not recommend to anyone .
1	Terrible service! I sat for 30 minutes watching people with appointments get served. No problem with them honoring appointments. Big problem with not communicating that they are booked and the wait time would be 1+ hour!
5	I love this place.  Have been going there for years but when I moved out to the west valley I thought I'd try some local salon.  No one could compare.  Julie gives an AWESOME pedicure with a fabulous massage.  Anna has done my nails for years and I always get compliments.  In fact, my 2 daughters, my 3 granddaughters and my son-in-law all go to DV Nails.  They are the best!
2	I was pretty disappointed in my experience at DV. I made an appointment for 3 pedicures for 11:15, it was 11:45 before we were all in a chair. Strike one. They started on my friends before coming to me again throwing off the point of making an appointment for 3. Strike two. I opted for the $5 callus remover and she did an extremely poor job my feet are still rough and I can feel all the spots she missed. None of the techs were in the least bit friendly or personable. There are so many nail joints in the area I won't be returning to this one.
5	My favorite place to get manicure and pedicure. The deluxe pedicure with paraffin wax treatment is great for relieving tired or sore feet. All of the nail specialists are friendly, professional, and detail-oriented. It tends to get busy (due to their very affordable quality) so call and make an appointment.
4	Anna is excellent. She can work you in for an emergency fix.  Make an appointment or you may be sitting for a while. They fill up quick.
