5	This place is excellent! The food is fresh and unique. The service is friendly and fast. Some ingredients are locally-sourced and vegetarian options abound. And the prices are uncommonly cheap. Two adults can have lunch for easily less than $10! Seriously! If you live on the near East side check this place out. You won't regret it.
5	Wow! I live in the neighborhood, and can't believe I just learned about this place. My boyfriend and I went to check it out for dinner today, and we were impressed with both the quality and value. I decided on their Hummus Horsepower on wheat sourdough bread and loved it. The vegetables looked and tasted fresh and the sandwiches and side salads were a good size, especially for the price! He had the Electric Mariachi, which he also really liked (I had a bite, and it was delicious). We both got sandwiches, side salads, and a drink and the total for both of us was under $20. The people at the counter were awesome. They were patient and willing to answer our questions while we tried to decide what we wanted. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other sandwiches. They have hot and cold sandwiches, and you can either choose one of theirs or build your own.As a bonus, they have a small "library exchange" where you can borrow a book and bring it back when you're done, and you can also bring in any books you no longer want, for others to enjoy.I highly recommend Surge! I'm sure I'll be taking advantage of their delivery option soon!
1	I was so excited to try out Surge, and I thought that it was going to be new go-to sandwich shop when I was in the Atwood area. When I went into the store and ordered my sandwich to go, all was great. But I never would have expected what would happen next. After getting to my work and staring to eat my sandwich I found a HAIR in my sandwich. I was so disgusted that I stopped eating and threw it away. Since I was now unable to enjoy my lunch I went to their website to contact them about the matter, thinking that I would just ask for a refund and all would be good. But, it doesn't stop there... The guy who replied (not sure if he was the owner or not) said sorry but then was very defensive in his message and I felt like he was trying to guilt me into feeling bad for complaining. He also told me that I should have immediately returned the sandwich (sorry but I work 30 minutes away and I don't even live near Atwood) so that they could have inspected it. Basically making me feel like I was the one lying or something, instead of just taking my word for it. So he did offer to refund my purchase if I could bring in my receipt the next day, not gonna work since I don't live or work near Atwood. So I just gave up and took a loss on my purchase and dropped the issue.This new business might have mastered making tasty sandwiches (according to previous reviewers) but they have not mastered quality control and their customer service skills are seriously lacking.
4	Nice, quick and friendly service.  Great prices.  Healthy options.  I wish they had a softer bread choice for my 18 mo old daughter (or... anyone for that matter).  Will definitely eat there again!
4	I am really happy Surge Cafe opened in the neighborhood. I have only ever ordered online, and have not been into the restaurant yet. The process of ordering online has been completely painless, and I've gotten a few significant coupons from them (like $5 off, not just fifty cents or something). The sandwich choices are fantastic, though I would like a regular wheat bread option. While the food itself isn't transcendent, it is quite tasty and of far better quality than the chain sub shops. And no more expensive either. We are a family of weird picky eaters, and this is one of the only places I have found where we all can get something that we like. I haven't been disappointed in anything I've ordered yet, and on top of all of this the delivery is ridiculously quick. I save five stars for the places I would gladly sell a kidney to eat at, so that's why I only gave four. But for an everyday take-out kind of meal, Surge is my first choice.
3	I just ordered delivery from here and boy did it come quick. So quick that it may bump up there score from 3 to 4 stars (pending further orders). The latte was a little weak and the bread just a tad soggy. Great fresh ingredients with generous portions of cheese and veggies. Definitely ordering again from here soon!
5	Where else will deliver breakfast? Service was on-time, hassle-free, and as ordered. Lots of bang for the buck and a menu sure to please everyone, from the dieter to the die-hard junk food lover. My boyfriend ordered a sausage egg cheddar sandwich and I ordered a custom sandwich with tapenade. Tapenade was a bit over salted, but flavorful and made with kalamatas. Sausage patty and cheddar cheese weren't the highest quality, but still good and way better than expected considering we payed ten dollars for someone to bring us both hot breakfast. I thought about giving them four stars for food quality, but factoring in price and service this place is definitely five.
2	My real inexpensive shitty tasting sandwich go here really fast!
5	I used to eat here a lot when I worked a block away.  I love the price and that they serve a different kinds of sandwiches then you get at Subway.I would definitely recommend having them grill your sandwich.  It adds a ton of flavor.  I think you'll find some of the wraps/sandwiches lacking without it unless you like your food plain or unless your choice has some sort of sauce in it or for dipping.
