4	So excited for another Mexican food place to open in my hood. Coke products, check. Awesome salsa/hot sauce, check. Tasty bean & cheese burritos & quesadillas, check. Hubby is loving the variety of their menu, which includes lengua tacos & meatball soup (as you can probably tell, he's a little more adventurous with his food than I am), and he loved both. The prices are a little high IMHO, but otherwise 2 thumbs up.
4	Been waiting for them to open since they were giving out promotional samples one afternoon in November.We tried the loaded nachos, chicken burritos, and quesadilla. All tasty and just the right amount of burn.They have a Coke Freestyle machine for variety.We will return often!
4	Great food. We moved here from Chicago and have tried variations of Mexican food from the hole in the wall to high-end cuisine. This shop is exactly what I've been craving since leaving my Chicago taco joints.  Their tortas are amazing. Tacos are flavorful and they don't skimp on the amount of meat. There was a mix up with my order but they were very accommodating and with food as good as theirs, I quickly brushed it away!  Great food-Excellent service
4	Tried this New Mexican joint and was impressed. Taco selection was nice, got three different kinds with rice and beans. Salsa bar was good as well. Old lady had enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed. Very cool coke machine we've never encountered before. Overall nice place we'll check out again!
1	Cheese sauce.  Not cheese, cheese sauce.  Burnt carne asada and pink Carne asada in the same burrito. They couldn't even make my daughter's quesadilla properly.  This place is to be avoided.
1	I was so excited to try this new, nearby Mexican restaurant, only to be thoroughly disappointed. The staff was not welcoming. The prices are not competitive. The portions were ridiculously small. A burrito double the size is available at Gordo's a stone's throw away and for a lesser price! The salsa did not knock my socks off. My Enchiladas had barely any filling and the sauce on top was slight and dry. I will not be returning.
1	Sadly, I must update my review. I have been here three more times after my initial review and all three times waited exponentially longer than the time I was told. On this last occasion the lady on the phone told me 20 mins so I left my house after twenty minutes, arriving five minutes after that. I went in, gave her my name and they said it would be right out. I sat down. I watched three people come in, place their order, and walk out with their food. I went to yhe counter and asked about my food. She left to go in the back and said it wasn't ready yet. I gave her a look of bewilderment as it had been about 40-45 mins since I placed my order. I sat back down. TEN MINUTES later, she brings me my food and tells me she's sorry it took so long. That my order had actually been ready for a while and was sitting in a place she didn't know to look. Needless to say food was WET from condensation, cold, and less than UNsatisfactory. So sad. I wanted to like this place!What did I order? Five tacos and a torta.
5	Finally went here. Got hard shell taco plate. Steak had nice char, carnitas was tender. Love the guac salsa. Best part was the churo. My wife gets them every where we go, and this is by far the best churo we have had.
4	This place is pretty solid.  Not sure about some of the complaints with waiting.  I called and ordered take out, showed up right when they said to and it was ready.   Seemed like the kid at the counter was new but the place is new so it's kind of expected.   Also, the price complaints?  I mean it's not the bell.  We paid $15 for a burrito 3 tacos and nachos.  I feel like that's pretty normal.   The burrito was awesome.  The tortillas here are great.  I didn't like the hard shell taco, but my wife got soft ones and hers were good so go with those.  The hard shell ones taste and look store bought.  We will definitely be back.  I'd say I worry a little about the place because they don't advertise clearly and it's a huge space for a taco joint.
1	Sadly, I was going to give 3 stars, the food tastes wonderful, but, shortly after leaving there, both my son and I got violently sick. I will spare details, but it was not the flu. No return trip for this family!We had eaten the ground beef, my wife did not.
5	I love this place! The pazole was awesome and had a lot of meat in it, the nachos were good, and the best thing about this place...$16 for a dozen tamales! The tamales are huge and cheaper than most places that sell them frozen. I love this place and will continue to sing their praises
5	Got the taco salad with chicken..perfect, taste great couldn't have made it better..good service and food came put in a timely manner since it was the lunch rush..will go back if in area
1	I don't often write reviews...but the service and food here warrants one.  I was really hoping to like this place, but sadly I was VERY disappointed.  The staff was rude and seemed disinterested.  The food was, in a word, horrible.I had the cheese enchilada plate, a steak taco, and a chicken taco.  I don't know what they put on the enchilada, but it definitely wasn't enchilada sauce.  The "steak" was just charred pieces of (I guess) beef.  The chicken was bland.I may give it another shot in the future, but first impression was terrible.  I guess I will give Gordo's a chance tonight...hoping for something better.
5	Love this place! The asada street tacos are amazing! Love the homemade chips, as well. The staff is young, but very nice. I've really liked everything I've tried, but will keep coming back for the tacos.
4	Those of you who had a less than perfect experience should give it another shot.  I have eaten here more than a dozen times now since they opened and it is delicious!  They are so generous with their great condiment bar that has delicious salsas, fresh cilantro and limes.  The food is fresh and tastes outstanding.   A few times when busy it has been a little slower or the order a little mixed up, but I feel this is understandable as they have just opened and are getting everything organized.  The staff is friendly and always working diligently to make the customers happy.
5	Carne asada is outstanding! Great flavor and quality. But you'll be cheating yourself if you don't get at least one Green Chile Cheese Tamale! So good!As to the reviews about service, I have been here 3 times and every time they have been very friendly. Food comes out hot and FRESH! Plus, while you wait you get free chips and salsa bar. What more could you ask for.
4	Quick, cheap, & yummy! I saw a few reviews of people complaining about service, just want to state that this is not a sit down service type place. You order at a counter, get your drink from a soft drink station, get your own salsa, and they bring food out to you, not a whole lot of service to be had. Nothing fancy but when I need a quick, cheap meal this does the trick!
3	Good, clean casual dining.  My husband had the fish tacos, and I had the carne asade tacos.  Both were delicious and exceeded our expectations.  We will return when we are looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat.
5	I love the tacos, but the salsa is awesome!
1	Typical low quality restaurant where they do not care about the food they provide customers or a certain standard of customer service.  I had 3 tacos - pork, chicken, carne asada.  The pork had a huge slimy piece of fat - disgusting, there was a lot of grissle on the carne asada.  Its not a good sign when Filiberto's is much higher quality.  SouthEast Gilbert customers love great food and reward restaurants that serve it with their patronage, but we have a lot of restaurants pop up, like Tacos 'n More that think they can make a buck by pushing their low quality standards - not here, sorry...
2	Disappointing is all I can say.  My husband and I just happened to be driving by and decided to stop in for lunch.  Decor is very bright and pleasant.  A nice salsa bar with several choices, however, the pico de gallo and mild salsa were extremely bland, no salt, tang or heat at all.  The chips were free, but almost chewy instead of crisp.My husband ordered the ceviche tostada (good) and the pozole (passable), mine was a little worse.  I ordered the three item combo so I could sample a few things to get a better idea of the food.  The green chile and cheese tamale was flavorless, lots of thick masa with canned green chiles in the middle and no cheese I could find.  The beef taco on a hard shell was unseasoned pot roast on a soggy taco shell, and the cheese enchilada arrived cold with a very thick red sauce.  The refried beans were unpleasantly pasty instead of smooth and creamy and, again, unseasoned and the rice had no flavor or seasoning at all (there seems to be a pattern here with the cooks not seasoning or tasting the food going out)Price for this was $20 without any drinks (water only) so not terrible price wise, but considering the poor flavor and quality it was not worth it.  Needless to say, we will not be back.
5	Breakfast burritos top my list of omg cravings. First bite of the machaca breakfast burrito with potatoes and cheese made me pick up the phone and call my husband; he then endured five minutes of me telling him how much he would love it. Burrito was huge, tortilla sublime, guacamole salsa noms. Will be going there again.
5	Great Mexican food in South Gilbert.  We had a carne asada dish for a family of 5 and it was really good.
4	If you like spicy chorizo burritos this is your PLACE! breakfast was out of this world and so cheap!!! Loved it and will be back!
5	Excellent. great flavor. free chips. 100 flavor coke products dispenser.  very good in all regards. Real plates and silverware. Walk up to order and they deliver to your table and they bus the tables.
5	Tried this place yesterday after seeing the online reviews. Had the chorizo and egg breakfast burrito with everything in it. It was DELICIOUS!!! Chorizo was spicy and had tons of flavor. Burrito was huge and actually made two meals for me. Hubby had the carne asada burrito enchilada style with everything and he loved it. Said the carne asada was actually better quality then most places and the burrito was delicious. Salsas were yummy. Restaurant was very clean and staff was friendly. Definitely will go back to try more stuff!
5	I've gone here several times and love it. I also like that it's locally owned. The salsa is great, and they give you chips if you dine-in. I get the three taco combination and have gotten a variety of kinds of tacos, all were great - especially like the shrimp taco!
2	Food was okay. The enchiladas we ordered had some interesting red sauce that was drenched over my cheese enchiladas. The sauce was overwhelming and the enchiladas were tiny. The salsa bar is nothing fancy..there was a couple of choices to choose from. They gave out complimentary chips but they came in a reusable plastic basket. I would think they would at least be lined with wax paper. Who knows if they just re-use them without washing them.  Ok but will not come back again. Too many other better places to eat authentic Mexican food.
2	I have been here three times and did enjoy the breakfast burritos but will never go back. My wife and I went in for breakfast and since they only serve drip coffee we stopped by Starbucks for an iced coffee. As soon as we walked in we were told in a rather harsh tone "you can not bring those in here. I will get fined $200! Please leave and get rid of those drinks!" I was totally caught off guard. I understand policy and am fine with that but please treat your customers with respect. My wife responded that she will just go elsewhere and the lady told us well that's fine then. Horrible customer service!!
3	While I love supporting local business this place left me feeling unsure.  While the tacos were good I do have some suggestions.  First off don't judge this book by its cover. It is very unassuming from the upside and the "Huge" we're open sign in the window lets me believe they must be struggling for customers.  Once inside you can tell the owners have put a lot of money into making it a nice place.  It is very clean and the salsa bar was a nice touch.As far as the food..I have hear from multiple people that their Carna Asada is very fatty (they must not trim the meat) so I steered clear.  I have the three taco place with ground beef hard shell tacos.  Immediately I was a bit disappointed as the shells were notate from scratch but store bought taco shells.  While the flavor was good I was left desiring more.  The rice and beans were standard so no complaints there.  Overall I could see myself eating here more out of convenience then actually going out f my way. It's a shame as  sure their overhead for the renovations must have been a lot.  Price also seed a bit high but nothing crazy.
1	Gross!  I think the other + reviewsare padded from friends and family.  Terrible quality, fatty meat and poor service.  You've been warned...
1	Well, tried to have a few tacos tonight only the employees decided to close early...sign says open to 10 however at 9:10 they turned us away. Not good for a new business that is trying to make it.
5	The 1-star reviews on here are suspicious.I've been here multiple times and the place always looks sharp and clean, the staff is very pleasant, and the food is terrific. On top of it all, the price is very, very good. I just finished a pretty large steak quesadilla, side of sour cream, side of guac, and then pico de gallo and very good guac salsa plus a medium drink for 8.50. Killer.Pro Tip: it's immediately next door to Tailgaters bar. Do the math.I'm pretty sure I just found one of my new local favorites.
2	The food is tasty but their service is one of the slowest around. Just 3 tacos + 1 burrito and it took 30 minutes. Not the cheapest either. Also, we were given stale chips.....grrrr.
2	Came here for breakfast burritos. Was rushed through order and the burritos were not impressive. Eggs were hard and tortilla was hard. Won't go back.
5	Great food.  Loved the nachos.  The staff was nice.  Check them out.
4	I had the carne asada burrito fully loaded and my wife had the chicken burrito and thought it was better than any burritos in the area.  I moved here from California 8 yrs ago and have been in the search of a good burrito since.  This is the closest yet.  I also like to judge Mexican food by the chips and salsa and the flavors were good in that area as well.The decor in the restaurant is appealing as well.  Two big fridges full of beers, two big screen TVs and a nice all around taco shop feeling.Definitely will go back.
1	This place is horrible. I just made a yelp account so I can tell you to not come here. I support local businesses but this food was inedible. We ordered two carne asada burritos which were bland which is fine. What I have a problem with is the meat. It was so tough and tendinous. The entire burrito was filled with the junk that you cut out of meat while trimming it. Ugh just awful. Name any other Mexican place and I would rather eat there. Hell I rather drink a glass of water than eat here. Save your money!
3	1st visit for sit down, normally get to go. Service was ehh. You order at countet self serve drink and food is brought to you.  I have always had the Mexican hot dog. Best in the area. Bacon wrapped dog ketchup, mayo, mustard. Toasted bun and onions on top. Did try the cheese crisp for the $5 not worth it! Will continue to get the dog not sure about much else.
4	Great place for some quick and decent mexican food.  I had the pork burrito with everything and there must have been a pound of tasty shredded pork on it.  Got the food to go so can't rate the service but the girl at the counter was friendly and had a personality.
4	First visit, 4 stars. Keep in mind, I'm rating this based on the expectations of what it really is... Mexican FAST FOOD, not a true sit down restaurant.  That being said...The place has decent decor, with a couple tv's playing what ever game is on. The place is clean.  The girls working the counter were nice, and actually SMILED! When taking a to go order, they still offer you chips and salsa. The salsa bar has the usual green, red, Pico, limes, etc.  The prices were right in line with Fili-B's.First visit, I got their carne asada fries with errthang on them, and a couple shrimp tacos. ...and now the reason for the 4 stars. The meat on the fries actually tasted grilled, even a lil Smokey! Not oily and old like most of the fast food spots out there. The shrimp tacos were ok. Not good , not bad, but ok. I will go back. Next time, I hope to try their red chili as well as their beans and rice. I'll update my review then. So, if you're looking for a quick taco or burrito in the area, this place gets the thumbs up from me. ... You know, a total stranger who is recommending a place for you to eat. Take it for what it is, and happy Yelping!
5	Great food and fast service.  The chips and salsa were tasty and spicy.  We loved how the carnitas had little fat on it.. Most places will just serve mostly fat, we got 100% meat.  It's our new favorite place to go and take out of towners looking for Mexican food.
4	We had the chicken burrito chimi style. Wasn't bad...the steak was obviously roasted and was in chunks, not shredded. The beans and rice were good...the rice wasn't dry like most places. Was disappointed our takeout did not include any salsa. Don't most Mexican joints give you salsa when you take out? Guess you have to order it. Wi try it again but will order something different.
