3	Overall 3 StarsOk show.  Not sure if I would recommend.  But if you love MJ, you will prob love the show.
5	First of all, I like Michael Jackson.  Am I obsessed with him?  No.  I got tickets to this on the showtickets.com site for over $50/person (better to buy via this site.)  You could also buy through Ticketmaster.  So be it, this is Vegas and I'm there to have a little fun.  There's tons of other shows a whole lot more expensive.  I figured it would be a fun and interesting show.  This show is held at the older Rio Hotel off the strip.I must say, this will be in my memory for a LONG time and I wouldn't mind seeing it again someday.  The guy who played MJ, named Justin Dean or Deem (don't know exact spelling) was PHENOMENAL!  He looked, sounded, and danced just like MJ!  He had those dance moves down pat!  His look and voice were just about as close as an impersonator can get.  I had a good seat right up front.  The show lasted a good hour.  The back-up dancers and musicians were also great.  Now yes, they did have us waiting in line for an hour before they opened the doors since it's first come first serve for each of the seating areas, but that's not any of the performers' faults.  The employees even handed out t-shirts as we entered the theatre.At the end, there was a photo opportunity where people could take their picture with the impersonator.  It was $10, but I went ahead and did it for fun...what the heck!  I even told Justin that he did an amazing job and he was nice and gracious.  Anyone who likes Michael Jackson will love and appreciate this show.  My boyfriend thought it was fabulos as well.  Think of it this way...the impersonator must be good, he's performing in Vegas after all!  If he wasn't any good, no one would see his show, but the place was packed and I went on a weekday in Dec.
3	IF YOU ARE A MICHAEL JACKSON FAN, THIS IS A CANT MISS!With that said, I am not an MJ fan but I respected him as a performer and a true entertainer so impersonating him is not an easy job.From beginning to end, this guy Justin Dean performs nonstop with little rest. The show is only an hour but imagine yourself trying to sing and dance for 60 minutes! So I give him props in what he does. He gets as close as you can get to the real thing.The stage and lighting are pretty good. You got a combination of live music via one guitarist, a drummer, and a DJ who plays background music. His back up dancers do a solid job. There is really not a bad seat in the house. Only negatives I observed were that the sound of his voice when he sang was a bit low. Sometimes the music was louder than he was. The other thing was that some of the dancing has more potential to get even better. For example, when he was singing Smoothe Criminal, what would really stand out would be if he did the "lean" just like in the video. Just that alone would be awesome to duplicate on a live stage show.Overall, if you are a hardcore MJ fan, 5 stars would be automatic for you because in your eyes he probably would do no wrong. In my opinion, its worth seeing at least once.
5	The guy was exceptional.I love MJ and I think many MJ fans would like this production. He has the look, sound, flare, wardrobe, dance moves, etc. I just love this tribute and MJ deserves an entire tribute show in his honor. I would go back continuously if the price was right. The shows gets off to a rocky start (with a little lip synching and some mediocre dancing) but as it moves, it gets so good...and so real. They also need way better marketing for this show.
3	The actual show was definitely a fun experience.  So, I'll tell you why the three star rating.Minus 1 star because of the line management and they didn't start the show on time.  The line to get in was absolutely ABSURD.  The ticket said that the show started at 8:45, however, the line didn't start moving until 9:15.  The show started at probably 9:30.  Ridiculous.  Minus 1 more star because the performance was a little low budget.  For a Las Vegas show that we paid $50/ticket, it looked a little on the cheap side.  For example, the Jackson 5 costumes just didn't work.  Way off.The good part about the show was the actual performance.  I thought the performer did a good job with his representation of Michael Jackson.  The backup dancers were great as well.  For someone that isn't an extreme MJ fan, this was a thoroughly enjoyable experience that was really entertaining. I did take my Mom, though.  She is a huge MJ fan who lived through the glory days of the Jackson 5.  She seemed to enjoy it less than I did, possibly because she was able to notice more inaccuracies.
5	Fantastic show! The guy has all the moves and the exact voice I was really surprised the place was rockin. So don't believe the haters trust me, it was really good. He sang all the songs, great back up dancers, awesome lighting etc. It's a Vegas show people go have some fun and drink a few cocktails. If you're expecting THE Michael Jackson well honey let me tell you he is dead I am sorry but this guy right here, he will let make you believe he has come back to life for an hour or so. Go enjoy have fun I also think they have a great deal on Groupon. Heeeee Heeeee!
3	I'm not usually into impersonators and I am an MJ fan. The show was actually a fun and entertaining show.
4	Awesome show
4	If you are a Michael Jackson fan you probably won't be disappointed with this show. It was a tasteful production...not some tacky impersonator show.A tip...when you get your ticket(s) you don't need to buy the VIP/golden circle level, no point in spending the extra $$. This is an intimate venue so the seating is not different at all. All the vip ticket gets you is earlier seating and table service if you want to order from the bar...that's it. The views are the same just because this is such a small venue.If you are staying on the strip you might as well save yourself the cab fare or driving and take the free shuttle that runs between Harrahs, Paris/Bally's & Rio. The show runs about an hour.4 stars because as someone else pointed out it does seem a little low budget, but hey, it's not a Cirque production. Marked not sure for kids...first, kids shouldn't be in Vegas. Secondly, not sure if they would be familiar with Michael Jackson...depends on their age. Also, depending on age, the doors for seating open around 9 so this may keep them up beyond their usual bed time
3	This show was fun and entertaining. The guy who plays Michael did a great job! He looked, danced, and sounded like the real deal.  I really liked the back up performers and there were many memorable parts of the show for me. I don't know if I would have paid a full price ticket ($55 on Ticketmaster). We bought the Living Social voucher. The show was only 45 minutes long. The show seemed a little low budget for the original price. We had the VIP seating and we could see very well. It was an intimate venue. I also really enjoyed how the back up performers came out to the audience. It was a fun way to spend our night in Vegas.
5	I bought my tickets on on Vegas.com and I paid a discounted $64 for VIP, which is usually double.  I agree with Jaramy 5/1/13 description but the extra $5 bucks went a long way.  With a purchase of 3 or more tickets they threw in 1 FREE kid ticket + 6 FREE MJ Live T-Shirts. My group ages ranged from 8 years to 76 years, and YES all enjoyed the performance. We were all pleasantly surprised that the "Michael" performer (a.k.a. Michael Firestone) sang live and danced so well.  He sounded exactly like MJ, it was amazing! The male and one female Asian dancer in the group were without a doubt on point and mimmicked the "Michael" quality back up dancers of the past. But the other female performers were stiff yet really pretty, which in this case, helped their dancing abilities. My only compliant, (slash) recommendation would be to get to the ticket office as earlier as possible.  I stood in a line at will call and the casino only had one person behind the counter to service like 25 people in line, and man-o-man that "Shante" was SLOW? But after 45 mins with being only 5th in line, the show was  great and left you believing Michael Jackson was REALLY on stage.  I wanted to give 4-stars for the wait at will-call, but that would be a dis-service to the performer Michael Firestone, Thank you sir for a job well done!
3	It's alright.  I  mean it's entertaining but at the same time, it's not flashy Vegas luxurious type of show.  For me, I had a livingsocial deal $56 for 2 so it was worth it.
5	If you are a true MJ fan you will love this show this guy is real ......the moves the expression of the face  and the choking thing is the voice ohhhh my god it will take you go memory lane This artist works so so so hard on stage it really remind you of the king of pop himself this men is going places he needs a bigger stage So please if you guys in Las Vegas go and see the show you will not regret I guarantee I met Jackie Jackson in morocco 2 years a  go and we talk it about jellas F Jackie said its like the cloning of Michael realy Thank you Jalles Franca for wonderful night I will come and see you anytime we in Vegas
3	pretty small venue for a "vegas" show.big negative - had to wait in because there is no seating arrangementPositive - MJ songs!!! do I need to say more???not worth $40........
5	I would say this is the next best thing to seeing Michael Jackson live. The Michael Jackson impersonator actually sings every song. There was only maybe 1 or 2 songs that i could notice that he didn't sound too much like the real Michael, but then again who sounds like the real Michael but no other than himself. In the beginning of the concert he sings a song then talks to the audience with the Michael Jackson voice, and I was like wow this is crazy. Every dance move is on point.The theater is a nice small theater so basically where ever you decide to sit at, you will get to see Michael just fine. I haven't seen any other Michael Jackson tribute concerts so i can't compare this one, but if you decide to go, you will not be disappointed.
1	Sorry I just did not like this show. I felt like the impersonator did an excellent job imitating MJ dancing. Where was the big Las Vegas production?  There was only a guitarist, keyboardist and a drummer with no good backup singing. The performance sounded like a karaoke. Come on Rio make it a big production.
4	Nice venue. We went for the Michael Jackson tribute concert and had a BLAST singing along with "MJ". The venue was clean and the seating was all pretty good in terms of view. The bathrooms were convenient and there wasn't a big wait at the bar. Nice venue and great show :-)
3	Show was fun and entertaining! Big draw back, everyone around me (in  front of me and to the sides of me) was using flash photography making it difficult for me to see at times. I think flash photography should not be allowed. No need to buy more expensive seats, small venue any seat in the room is a good one.
5	GREAT SHOW. We got comped tickets for the VIP a d it was great. The Brazilian MJ impersonator is GREAT. He's friendly too. We all took pics with him after and he's awesome. Brazilian Michael, if you read this don't forget you owe me a hat still!! =]
5	wow! amazing probably one of my fav cir shows in vegas! my fav is ka ! my show was at 930pm and i arrived on time. the place was super packed i had to ninja my way through the herd of people that likes to just stand there in the walk way! right when you show your tickets and get in. theres  photographers ready to take your pic like its the red carpet . very interesting and a bar to your left . the showroom is very nice and spacious. we sat towards the back since i like to see the whole room from side to side because theres usually dancers or some cir going on. the show started promptly on the time. right from the beginning to the end i was on the edge of my seats waiting to see what the next performance! everything was beautiful played from costumes, dancing, and story! i freaking loved it! i want to take my mum whose a huge mj fan! ok this is the bad part- we were seated next to  the aisle and that sucked because when the show was starting and im getting interested watching, engross theres people coming in late walking and its super dark inside because of the lights on stage . next, the seats. theres no room from your knee from the seats in front of you. of course my row i had people needed to pee so instead of just scooting back and make room for the person to pass, i had to get up every time to let them pass. other than that perfect!
4	This show starring Michael Firestone plays in the 900 seat Crown Theater.  We had general admission tickets so we were seated a bit toward the back and left of center, but both the sound and view were very good.  Most of Michael Jackson's biggest hits and signature dance moves were covered during this 60 minute performance.  We thought the accompanying band and eight dancers were all very good.
4	Yes, there are no assigned seats in the theater and if you want to sit close you should arrive nearly an hour before show time. That really doesn't bother me, that is kind of what a lot of the shows here do in order to rush you in and get you out for the next show. The person who plays Michael is very, very good. His voice and his moves do the King of Pop proud. My biggest complaint with the show is that it is short of an hour. It could be at least 20 to 30 minutes longer. I had a deep discount on the tickets, but if I paid $50 a ticket, I would feel a little bit cheated for getting under an hour of entertainment. I would have loved to have heard songs like "Ben", "Scream," or even someone who could be a Janet impersonator.
5	I was able to attend this show on Friday, November 15th 2013.I was completely blown away by MJ's performance. I was told by a couple of my friends to go when Jalles Franca was performing. My friends weren't wrong; Jalles sang the songs just as I remembered Michael doing them and Jalles' dance moves were equally incredible (someone has been study Michael Jackson for a long time).I had decent seats, with saying that, I don't think there were any bad seats in the theater with the way Jalles was constantly running around the stage and keeping you pulled into the MJ experience!I can't wait until next time I am in Vegas with my entire family; I just hope that Jalles is the entertainer at that show.Great show Jalles!!!I highly recommend this show!
4	Parts of the show were really spectacular. Other parts were just ok. Would be great if somebody picked up this show and put a little money into it.  The MJ impersonator has talent.  Only about 2-3 of the back-up dancers were even ok.  The rest were on par with a good high school performance.  So much potential to be really good.  Make this a $100 ticket, double the effort and this could be amazing. With that said, it was a good time for $50 for some MJ fans.
5	I was able to attend this show on Friday, November 15th 2013.I was completely blown away by MJ's performance. I was told by a couple of my friends to go when Jalles Franca was performing. My friends weren't wrong; Jalles sang the songs just as I remembered Michael doing them and Jalles' dance moves were equally incredible (someone has been study Michael Jackson for a long time).I had decent seats, with saying that, I don't think there were any bad seats in the theater with the way Jalles was constantly running around the stage and keeping you pulled into the MJ experience!I can't wait until next time I am in Vegas with my entire family; I just hope that Jalles is the entertainer at that show.Great show Jalles!!!I highly recommend this show!
1	You know that little voice in your head that says not to go down that alley or drink that last drink? I was feeling that when booking for this show, but I thought, "Hey, it's Michael's music, I can do that." Boy, was I wrong.Any time that you are seeing an impersonator, you have to remind yourself that they will never be as good as the original. Good, maybe even mediocre, and most of the times just god awful. This falls into the category of sheer fuckery, almost comical, and a bit sad. If you're playing Michael Jackson, you have to have the chops to not only sing, but dance as well. I felt that I was at a Happy Hour Karaoke, the dude's voice annoyed the heck out of me and he also forgot the lyrics most of the time! The mic went out at some times too. I found myself completely ignoring him and focusing my attention on the dancers and the musicians--that itself tells you it wasn't worth the price!!As much as I was glad it was over, it was only an hour! Really?? I hated that the switching from song to song was so fast, it didn't give enough time to let the moment simmer, so to speak. It was like a game of how quickly I could get through the songs. SMH.The audience seemed amused. Some people really go into it, so what do I know. The place is circular with seats, plus a bar that charges ridiculously for their drinks. Meh. Do yourself a favor, save your money and go see MJONE at Mandalay Bay.
5	A must see to Believe! Absolutely Loved this show, Michael lives on!!!! Good job Rio for grabbing this show, definitely a Golden Show!
4	Thank you groupon for this opportunity. Was able to get tickets for $33.I'm going to sum this review up with one run on sentence: If someone were to take me to this show while mj was still alive and told me it was the real mj, I would have never disputed that person, but would thank them graciously for the experience.
3	It's fine but not amazing. It's just like a small concert but by the end of it, you feel like you may as well have just listened to an album or something. The bar is way overpriced BUT they do give you a fat amount of alcohol in a drink. And you can't bring outside drinks so be aware of that. I wouldn't recommend seeing this if you're a huge MJ fan because you are either paying a lot for sitting close enough to the stage for your attendance to even matter or you're sitting way too far to even enjoy yourself. However, I don't think it was bad enough for me to not have gone at all. I feel that it was as middle ground as I can get.
3	Saw this show this past Monday. Seems to draw big crowds so would recommend showing up before 815pm for a 900pm show. Had a deep discounted GA ticket so just to put in perspective. Reg price is $64. GA seats are in the back on regular chairs so do not expect comfy seating. In fact try not to sit behind anyone because the seating is not theater seating so heads will be in your way. I suggest sitting closer to rail with no one in front of you even if it is to the side is better than seating toward the center and back.There were plenty of MJ songs, Billie Jean, Bad, I'll Be There, etc so if you like MJs music there is some fair amount of entertainment. However I was not wow'd. Could be in part due to the venue and bad seating. His singing is ok, not great. It is fast moving so that keeps the pace fast and less boring. It is an average show at best so just dont have too high expectations.
3	This show was ok...I am a huge Michael Jackson Fan...I felt that the performer didn't really have enough natural energy and no originality....it was sort of like he had watched a million Michael Jackson performances and performed them to the letter. It was sort of cookie cut for me! Not a lot of passion in the act...but  I clapped my hands and enjoyed the music though. It was entertaining enough for a night out in Vegas.
3	We like MJ and love his music, but we were so bugged that the performer kept breaking character after most songs. He thanked people in his regular voice and character, completely taking the audience OUT of the dream that you are watching MJ. The whole point of an impersonator show is to trick the mind that you are seeing the real deal, but this guy jolts you back to reality every time.The back up dancers are pretty lame, and surprising for Las Vegas, even at the Rio. The music is generally good, but if you happen to miss this show, you like will go on just fine.
4	Went to go see MJ Live last night with the hubby, Obviously you can expect the typical Las Vegas Impersonator type, So for those reviews expecting something a lot like Michael Jackson, you're crazy.Anyway, for an impersonator he was fantastic, the dancing, the singing, just made you feel great and Since I've never been to a MJ concert when he was alive, it made me imagine what it was like, the thrill of thriller, and the activity throughout every song was very moving. The only thing that was a little off, there was absolutely no commentary between songs, just went song to song to song. The only talking was the narrator at the beginning and end of the show.
4	I'm not an MJ fan, but the tickets were comped, so can't complain.  The performer's voice is even higher-pitched than the real MJ's was, so wasn't quite right.   Real MJ fans will probably enjoy it, though.  They did a fairly decent sampling of his anthology. I'll give them a "B" for effort.
5	Best Michael Jackson impersonator. Buy the tickets through groupon for VIP seat you pay around $33. i was three times in this show and i like it.
2	First off, this is a show that I believe it depends on a persons individual expectations to decide how great this show is. Judge for yourself.Now, I am a die hard MJ fan through and through so I know my expectations. I was extremely excited to see this show up until it first began. Immediately, you can tell the production is completely low budget. If you are fine with that then you will love it. I, however; was distracted by some of the simple things like some of the cheap costumes. Also, a few of the background dancers were phenomenal, but others... how did they get the job? If you see the show there are two blond haired girls. One rocks and the other one falls completely flat. Then some were off beat and just not into it. Yet another distraction. I love cover bands so I can say the band did their job. They really played the music. I could have went just to hear them play. Now on to my main issue. The impersonator who played MJ made me uncomfortable. When I think of watching MJ himself, I think about standing on my feet the whole time feeling his energy. I felt this guy took his impersonation too far at times to a level of mockery. First of all, he looked like he belonged in The Mask with Jim Carey. People always say evil things about the real MJ's face, but this guy didn't even capture the MJ look. When I showed my daughter his picture, she immediately said he does not look like MJ. His face was clownish. Then his moves. While he is a great dancer, he is not the best MJ dancer I have ever saw. If you are impersonating him, do it all the way right. He made these nasty vomit faces and did some expressions MJ would never do. His pelvic thrust was all wrong LOL. He kept repeating a lot of the same dances like he didn't study Mike hard enough. He also mocked MJ by pretending to cry as MJ has in certain touching songs and then laughing about it. Like those moments were real from MJ so why start laughing? Anyway, to sum it up, if you are a real die hard MJ fan, certain things you may see will annoy you. If you just love the music, then this might be an awesome show to see. I would have preferred a show where normal people covered for him not this impersonator. Just dress like him, sing like him and dance his moves. All the extras were distractions.
5	We went to the show that featured Jalles Franca as MJ. The show was great! After we got back to the hotel, we watched some Michael Jackson videos and Jalles' dance moves pretty much were dead on!!! He was also very nice and humble and autographed the picture we purchased.
5	Such an awesome show! I would tell anyone who is a fan or just likes great music to attend. Check out groupon though as they have discount VIP tickets.
5	Entertaining impersonator!   Toni sang well and danced lively. The show gets off to a slow start but by the third or so song everyone is clapping and letting loose. I would recommend this show to families of young children.  Line up early though! Only complaint: Bouncers jeered behind the audience members...apparently motioning for us to leave faster. While "Michael" was sweet and patient. I would watch this show again.  Rio ask your bouncers to be more professional (at all times).
5	Excellent show!   Justin "Michael Jackson" was good.  He had all the moVes down.  Very nice voice.   He blew Human Nature out of the water. Would highly recommend this show.
2	This is the real MJ minus good band, good dancers, energy, MJ's musicality, MJ's height (the performer was really short) to say the least. The show was only an hour long which is very short for the price you pay (there are no reserved seating btw); this performance literally jumps from song to song a little too fast for you to enjoy anything. The dancers are awful and don't look like professional dancers. I'd give the impersonator A for effort - don't get me wrong; he's not a bad impersonator. Go get a real MJ's DVD and enjoy the real thing.
5	This show is so amazing! I recommend all fans of MJ to see it! The only thing that I would complain about are the dancers. They need a little bit of work and some of them dance stronger than others. He not only looks like him but dances and sounds like him too. I'm sure they do something to make him sound like him but I don't care because the show is so amazing. Also, get there early because the line is ridiculous. It's not assigned seating and they don't let people in early so be prepared to wait!
5	We took our 16 yr old and 12 year old Who absolutely loved this show !I had chills this guy was amazing !We bought our tickets on groupon and tipped the guy who seats u so that we could sit in the golden circle seating area well worth it !You have to line up an hour before since  there are no assigned seating . Great ending to our 4 day Vegas trip before school starts . Next week
4	Venue:  Crown Theatre (Rio)Decor: See my Crown theatre review...similarService: Ok....not great, nor badEnvironment: Concert LikeFood: N/A Prices:  Affordable, reasonable Debbie Downers:  I know I am nitpicking but would have been great to touch on some records from the Off the Wall Album. Conclusion: I WAS ENTERTAINED!  If ever was a carbon copy to the Great Michael Jackson, it is this guy.  Mannerisms, the persona, the height, the build. Michael Jackson to the ittiest bitty detail - he nailed it ...knocked it out the park.  I never been to a Michael Jackson concert while he was alive but this has to be the most viable solution to the problem.  He was entertaining, interactive with the crowd.  It seemed to start off slow but once things got going...it went well.  What sold the performance for me when they did the "Smooth Criminal" rendition with the lean in the white suite, white hat.  I got my monies worth at that part of the performance.  Although the backup dancers were good, I didn't think their timing was as sharp or as crisp as it could have been.  As far as the guy playing Michael Jackson - it was 99/100 easily!    Overall: B+
2	The Groupon for the MJ Live show is a scam. The venue, Rio, stated that they do not have a contract with Groupon and that Groupon advertises what they want. We purchase tickets for the show after calling to see if there was availability. Right after purchasing, we called back to make the reservation for the night and they said they cannot take Groupons. Of coarse, we were leaving the following day from Las Vegas, so we were not able to use the Groupons that we purchased. At the venue, they were selling tickets right up until showtime that night. There was plenty of time and after talking to a supervisor they stated that they cut off coupon tickets at a certain number but could not tell me with a certain number was. I stated that I made sure I had all my ducks in a row and had made sure there was availability, then called right back to book and was told they were full and could not take Groupons. I feel that this was definitely a scam and there is no intention of honoring them, as most people are in Vegas for a weekend. We still paid full price four tickets to the show because we had promised her daughter, and the show is decent.
3	As I walked up to will call about thirty minutes to showtime, I was astounded at the line of people to the right of the Crown Theater entrance.  "Damn! Is it like this every night?" I asked the box office person.  "Every Saturday night." he said.  You'd think that the actual "King of Pop" himself was about to hit the stage.  Fortunately, I had golden circle seats and avoided all of that.  Maybe tip the guys working the front to get in early and dodge that whole debacle or fake an injury, start limping and tell them you need to be seated immediately.  It was 90 percent full.        MJ's Live?  Four different cast members play him throughout the week.  We were fortunate to see Justin Dean.  The moves and mannerisms were as believable as they could possibly be.  To his credit, I had a hard time telling when he was actually singing or lip-synching.  He would switch from singing into his headset mic and then to a regular handheld throughout while still wearing the headset which was kind of weird but whatever.The audience took everything over the top.  One guy at the table up front was sporting a full on MJ Jheri curl hairstyle with sunglasses that he wore the entire time.  At another table was an adorable 3 year old with his own plastic mic that danced his face off, and even did some pop star poses with the guitar player.  Then there were the folks looking for a complete suspension of disbelief and going batshit crazy the whole hour.  "OMG! We luuuuvvv you Michaaaaaaaaal!"  Someone needed a Pepsi.I can't find the exact word for all of it, but there was a fun, schlocky, "am I really being entertained by this right now?" vibe to the whole deal.  Kids would love it.  3.5 stars.
4	Great show and performance! Back up singers weren't as great except for the blond, tall brunette and black guy. Songs and dances were great wether you're a big fan or not.
1	Bad, no pun intended and not bad in a good way. He didn't even try to sound like Michael cuz he had a Latin accent!  Come on Rio at least get someone who could somewhat pull this off. It really is not a good show and you're better off going to the Cirque show cuz at least you get to hear some real music there. This is just not s good show.
2	A buddy and I got talked into this show by the tickets for less guys after the o show wasn't starting again until the following week. This is great for families, stupid for everyone else. Justin did not dance anywhere close to the real mj. At times I felt embarrassed being at this show. Save your money and see the o show. Pay the extra money.
1	Good show, but it's not right when the people sitting you are hustling everyone for money to get a better seat. Makes the whole show look shady. Not professional at all.
1	My husband likes the show,  however, I would not go back, not because of the show but because of the staffs lack of professionalism. You pay for your ticket,  VIP or general yet it doesn't matter because as soon as you walk in the staff is asking you for money just to get a "better" seat. Damn, I already paid for VIP seat, why would I pay more?  Geez! So beware people, make sure you bring cash If you want to sit inside the circle, even if you already bough VIP tickets. If you don't tip you sit on the sides.
2	I thought the show was mediocre especially for the price and for Vegas. The singer and the band were a half a beat slow on the songs, the dancers didn't seem to have much energy, they didn't play the complete songs, and the worst part was the show only lasted about 55 min. The performers seemed to just be going through the motions and not putting much heart into the music. The crowd was dead and nobody seemed to get into it. We saw another impersonator in San Diego, Kenny Wizz, who was excellent. He had all the MJ details and it seemed like it was as close to the real thing as we could get.  It was a full two hour concert and had the crowd up singing and dancing along. It was about the same price as this show.  Bottom line...we were disappointed and would not recommend it.
1	The lines are long. The show was boring.Glad the tickets were comped.
5	I just got back home to Southern Cali after a trip to Las Vegas. I have seen this show twice now. I want to say that the second time I saw this show on the night of December 27th 2014, I noticed that the impersonator (Who's name is Justin) did not have as great of a stage presence as Mr. Franca and Justin's voice is much lower than Mr. Franca and overall I think that Mr. Franca did a way better job (when I saw the show on November 10th 2014 with my aunt ) than Justin did.After the show, I learned that there are actually 3 guys who share the role of MJ in this show. While I have not yet had the opportunity to see the third guy-named Tony- in person, I did see a video clip of Tony performing as MJ and from that video clip, had I seen the show with Justin or Tony the first time, I would not have wanted to see the show again. That is how great of a performance that Mr. Franca gave. He looks like him, sounds like him, dances and does the moonwalk like him and even does the lean like the real MJ did. My aunt was recording the show and sending it to my cousin and my cousin thought that we were watching a hologram, but we were not, we were watching Mr. Franca. You could close your eyes and think that you were at the real MJ concert. Mr. Franca's performance as MJ gave me goosebumps! In my honest opinion, I think that my aunt and I saw the best out of all 3 and that would be Mr. Franca.I would recommend seeing this show if you are a fan of MJ's music, just be sure to ask before you get your tickets if Mr. Franca is going to be performing as MJ the night that you want to go. You won't regret it! I am a Diamond at the Rio and so I get two free show tickets per month, so I didn't have to worry about paying for this show either time I went and the venue at the Rio is circular and there is no bad seat in the house in my opinion.
