3	This is the Starbucks at the airport off the main atrium where the C gates go off to the right and the D/E gates are off to the left. Don't worry if there's a big line here, because it will go extremely quickly. What doesn't go as quickly are the people adding milk and sugar to their coffee at the fixings bar.Note that this is not a "corporate" Starbucks, so they don't have some items, such as "short" cups or the Starbucks Rewards or the ability to pay from your phone.
4	So I am living out of the country, and there isn't a Starbucks where I live. While I'm not the BIGGEST Starbucks fan, it's something that one comes to miss when it's not there. So here I am in CLT, heading off to the Land With No Starbucks, and need a little farewell drink. Pumpkin Spice is my fav during the holiday season. What happens when I ask for the Pumpkin Spice latte? That's a no-go. They don't have it anymore. I cried out, "noooooooooooooo", and the woman apologized, I told her my sad story, and she said, "we still have gingerbread and..."... "YES, I'll take gingerbread!!!!!!!!". The Starbucks lady was there to save the day. She laughed, and said she was glad she could help. I was too... I was too.
2	Very slow service, exacerbated even more by the fact that its located inside an airport.  Maybe its me but the prices are even higher here, if that's even possible.  I was not in any sort of rush and I was still taken aback by the leisurely and lackluster way the staff took and prepared orders.  I ordered a caramel something or what not, and received more caramel on the outside of my cup than inside.  I reloaded my Starbucks card for this?
1	Extremely rude and annoying staff. Will not be back.
1	Worst Starbucks ever! Tall latte equals big glass of steamed milk.  If it wasn't a mob scene I'd go and complain. Overpriced garbage.  I should have known better
3	Lame, no breakfast Sammie's. This joint is in the airport and I was happy to see it when I got off my plane because some breakfast sounded really good. No can do! Denied! This joint doesn't do breakfast sammiches. Wah. The cashier was super nice though, and wished us a very nice day, how chipper :)
3	Well, you know, it's Starbucks. We both had a hankering for some sort of breakfast pastry type thing on an early morning flight, and this was what we had.I've noticed that the breakfast pastries at Starbucks have been slowly declining. Ours was a touch dry and crumbly ... a little too much so for my liking.Service was surprisingly quick given the crush of people looking for their caffeine fix.
1	Really rude and inattentive staff. I swear the people working here are high or something (which I normally don't mind, but don't do it at work. It's just annoying.)Ordered a caramel flan frappe and it was the blandest frappe I've ever had. It's like drinking melted ice water that used to have something tasty in it.  I can't even finish it...it's that bad.Avoid this Starbucks like the plague!!!
3	This review is for the Starbucks kiosk located between Terminals B and C, directly across from the TSA security checkpoint at Charlotte Douglas International Airport.  We quickly stopped by this Starbucks a couple weeks ago and ordered two venti iced green tea lattes with 2% milk.  They were $3.30 each plus a $0.75 syrup fee.In general, iced green tea lattes aren't beverages that are commonly ordered at Starbucks stores, especially because it's typically not listed on the menu.  However, most Starbucks outlets are equipped with the matcha green tea powder needed in order to make the drink.It's interesting to see how different baristas prepare the green tea lattes.  We've run into several instances where it was the barista's first time.  Willard mixed ours and he did a fine job.  He vigorously shook the powder, milk, and syrup (instead of stirring) so the drink was smooth and sweet.  The drink wasn't chalky nor powdery.  Service was lightning quick.  It helped that the kiosk wasn't busy at the time.Overall, my experience at this Starbucks was A-OK.
1	This review is only for the one in the B terminal. After waiting in a huge line, I finally got to the counter. Ordered a drip--simple drink, should have received it as I paid for it. The girl who took my order told me I had to pick it up at the other counter, where all the blended drinks and heated pastries end up, which was baffling, but I wasn't sure if that's how they did it there. After waiting patiently for about 10 minutes, watching the clock (since I had a plane to board), watching a bunch of people after me pick up their blended drinks as well as watching others receive their drip coffees at the register, I inquired about my drink and was directed back to the register. I went back and explained that I only ordered a simple coffee, and the other barista at the register finally gave it to me--not the girl that had taken my order--and he barely whispered "sorry." I was so irked--that girl who originally took my order was worthless! Some people (that means you, girl with the partially-dyed pink hair at the Charlotte airport Starbucks) should not be working anywhere that requires them to deal with people at 6 am. At an airport location especially, people's time is incredibly important!
3	After missing my connection flight, I decided to kill my time during the three hour wait at this Starbucks. The baristas are really sweet and hard working. There are times when the line wrap around the front of the store and there are times when you can get your drink right away. I get my usual iced black tea and it does taste a bit bitter initially cuz it was not mixed well. I saw the barista just pouring the drink in my cup without shaking it in the shaker. Also, its a but more expensive than the regular Starbucks. Their Charlotte and North Carolina mugs are really cute!
4	Very friendly service for this early in the morning! Coffee was great and all the food looked fresh!I got through the line of about 10 people super quick!
3	Out of all the Starbucks locations INSIDE the Charlotte Airport, this is the most decent one.Regular menu and price. Nothing special.Typical service and ambience... It's a STARBUCKS!!Get your coffee, sit down, read your magazine and don't forget to board your plane.
5	Starbucks makes everyday better!!! The staff is always very nice and they are super fast if you're in a hurry!
3	They got both of my orders right, that's all I'm looking for.
1	I went in the one in terminal D. Worst starbaks coffee. I orderded a venti cafe latte and don't think it had even 1 shot of expereso ( it supposed to have two) So i went back and they added an extra shot and it came with something extra this time..a pice of hair.They did not even apologize or thank me for waisting $6 for a realy bad coffe ..not even craking a smile. Maybe some people shouldn't be in costumer service...
2	Sad...girl at the check out was not in a good mood and super passive aggressive! And they were playing some of the most depressing music I've ever heard (and I love every kind of music)! I thought coffee made everyone haopy!!! ;p
4	The service was alright and I guess I can pardon them because they seemed to be continuously swapped. I was able to charge my devices while I waited for my plane and the little nook they had had a glass window that allowed me to even monitor my flight times because my gate happened to be the one between this Starbucks and the neighboring restaurant. It really wasn't anything special but it was convenient and I can appreciate that.
4	Fastest Starbucks that I've been to that had a super long line. I was able to get my coffee in about 5-7 minutes with about 15 people ahead of me. I've never been to a Starbucks that had extremely fast service.This is the one that is in the open "food court" area in the middle of all the concourses..The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because my coffee wasn't super hot..it needed to be a little hotter than it was but it was still hotter than room temperature..And they don't have a microwave or toaster oven to heat their pastriesI wish the Starbucks by my house was this fast
