4	Produce abound! This is such a good spot to get some fresh (and, sometimes, fancy -- half the time I don't even know what it is, but I will definitely try it) produce for uber cheap. When we were searching for pumpkins to adorn our kitchen window, most other places proudly proclaimed, "Pumpkins, 2 for $10!" We got three at Mariana's for about $2. HA, other big-name chain grocers, I defy thee!Mariana's has a lot of other good stuff, too, like their own in-house tortilleria, which I have yet to try but always smells so good and is always PACKED. They also carry all kinds of colas in, yes, glass bottles, just like the good ol' days. If you're lucky ... who am I kidding, she's always there ... you'll catch the sample lady, giving out yummy bites of that delicious Chihuahua cheese on tortilla chips.I will warn you, English is not widely spoken at Mariana's, but everyone is just so gosh-darn friendly, it really doesn't matter. If you have a question or some sort of problem, they _will_ help you find the answer or solve the matter. Happily.Great, now I need that cheese. Oh, they don't have an official website, but here's a good story: http://www.lvbusinesspress.com/articles/2006/08/22/news/news09.txt
4	Since Lindsey there gave the review for the shopping, I'll tackle the tortilleria, which is a frequent lunch stop for my co-workers and I.  We don't have a lot of time for lunch, so the first time going here was out of necessity since it's so close (the fact that we drive is utterly ridiculous), but every subsequent time it's been because it's so damn good.Generally the order is carne asada tacos all around.  You get three of them for about $4 or so, I think, and they're REAL tacos.  Two warm corn tortillas, the carne, cilantro, onions, a little pico.  The carne asada is always just perfect, and they filly those babies up.  There's always enough escapee meat left over when I'm done to make another taco if I so desired.  If you've got a bigger hunger on, there are combo plates with rice and beans, and enchilada and relleno meals abound. The condiment bar has some super hot salsa and some hot-but-not-TOO-hot green chile salsa along with a bounty of fresh tortilla chips.  There are always a bunch of people there, but everything moves along so quickly.  Super yum.
3	i like to buy their sugar donut, reminds me of HI's malasadas, it's so good, and their rich tres leche cake----oh so good....
5	8 pounds of Golden Delicious apples for $2.EIGHT POUNDS OF GOLDEN DELICIOUS APPLES FOR $2!Are you really going to try to complain about a supermarket that has a bargain like that!?
4	I love Mexican markets. The vegetables and fruits are always priced right. This place is not as big as King Ranch Market but they have a great selection of products. Try  any of the marinated meats in the butcher shop, I personally like the Al pastor, pork, beef fajitas and beef chuck.  The pork chorizo is also good. The marinade they use for the meats is very tasty. Slap it on a tortilla and you cannot go wrong. Do not forget the flan for dessert.
2	I went to Mariana's specifically to pick up tamales for Christmas '09.  What a mistake.  There was too much masa, and not nearly enough meat.And, thy must have used too much lard and not enough water to make the masa because it was thick and hard like plaster...evn though they were taken right out of the cooker.What a total disappointment,
4	Love Mariana's supermarket.... It's not the most organized market nor the biggest in town but the prices are good and the quality on almost all their items is top notch.
2	This review is strictly for the cafe here.  I have no idea how this place was called a hidden gem on chowhound.  I had high hopes entering this place because most mexican supermarkets have excellent food in their cafes.  Apparently, this place does not fit that bill.  I opted for the carne asada burrito, a carnitas taco, and an al pastor taco.  While the price for all 3 items was about $7, it definitely tasted like it was only worth $7.  Aside from the tortillas, which tasted fresh, everything else was pretty blah.  The carne asada lacked the grilled flavor, or any flavor for that matter.  The al pastor somehow disintegrated in my mouth, and the carnitas was not very good either.  I only ended up here because hash house a go go down the street had a 90 minute wait, but now I wish I pulled over at the pizza place up the street where everyone else wanted to go.The pinatas here are a good deal though.  2 for $30.
2	When my mom worked in the area, we came here quite often, after picking her up from work. It's a busy location, so parking can be a pain. I don't like the store because there is a strong unpleasant smell in the produce section. I am used to ethnic markets and have been to so many of them in my life (childhood memories of visiting numerous ethnic markets) and I just couldn't stand it. I noticed that so many senior citizens shop here BTW. So when my mom no longer worked in the area, I did not miss coming here.
4	Being that Im Mexican I LOVE this place!! It a ways down from my Apt. But was worth it. The aisles are a bit cramped but the products they have are awesome!!  I highly recommend the homemade tortillas!
5	Best market in town! Great prices on produce. Carna asda is fantastic!!!
5	Ate breakfast at the "deli". Ordered ala carte and everything was delicious! will make this a regular stop when we are in Vegas.
4	I stopped in here to get some cheap produce when I was visiting Vegas, and I loved it. I wish there were one of these closer to my home -- I would save so much money on fruits/veggies! The produce section was filled with cheap, ripe items (I still can't believe pears were 25 cents a pound); however, I did have to pick through to make sure I wasn't getting overripe things. It was a lot of fun to go through this store and see the mix of Mexican and American items, and everyone in the store seemed to be fluent in both Spanish and English.The employees were all very nice and friendly, and they spoke to us in English.I highly recommend coming here to get low prices on produce, although other grocery items did not seem as inexpensive.
5	I love this place. It is always crowded, but the prepared food is the best.  Two can eat for less than $10.  They have a nice condiment station where you can fill up on the fixings to your liking.  Their agua frescas and sweets are awesome too.  The grocery sells cheap, but in order to get the best produce get it when they deliver the first batch which is the freshest.  If you look at the insert ads you will know when they will bring in a new batch because they will mark it down real cheap.  Their dairy deli section is great because they have all kinds of sour cream and Hispanic cheeses.  You can mix the fruits with their cheeses and/or sour creams.  Their liquor section is extensive for tequila lovers.  Checking out can sometimes be a problem.  The staff is cool, but customers can get impatient and will try to do anything to go in front of you, and if you are a woman with a nice figure men will stand too close so they can 'feel' you.  I just stare them down mean and turn sideways with my purse to my body.
2	Mariana's #3 is an interesting place. I wish I could say I like it...but having tried Cardenas at US 95 & Decatur first, then checking out Mariana's I set myself up for disappointment. First off parking is tight. Getting in the door you have a Rent a Center "outlet" to your left, slot machines to the right, then you have to make a hard Left and loop around the checkouts to get to the rest of the store. And if the checkout lines are long it's a pain to get through. And once you get into the rest of the store, it's dark, the aisles are narrow, and it's just claustrophobic! Produce wise, I was not impressed with quality, selection, and especially pricing. In fact price was an issue all over the store. If one comparison shops you will realize Mariana's is high. The carniceria is shoved along the North wall with a mediocre selection and again, you can do better on price, selection, and even quality. . I could go on and on but I walked out with hand made chips, salsa, and guac among other things. I put Cardenas offerings on the table, side by side with Mariana's. The Mariana's chips were thicker but held their own, but Mariana's salsa had a slight vinegary like twang to it...where Cardenas didn't. But then the guac ended it...3 dips into Mariana's guac and I got water. Not so with the guac from Cardenas. Couple that with mixing "Mexican" cane sugar Coke in with High Fructose sweetened Coke on the same shelf along with checkout staff that doesn't know how to smile and I will drive 2x the distance and go back to Cardenas. At least Mariana's does offer rides home to those who need it...but for me, I just don't see any reason to go back. At least not to Mariana's #3.
3	My first time in a Mariana's, I didn't have a lot of time to spend wandering around. So I can't wait to go back. I noticed the prices and selection were good. I'd like to try some of their food at their cafe. Staff was friendly. Facility was clean and things were easy to find.
4	Love this place true its a bit small and a parking lot to match. The employee's are friendly and the sweet bread is delicious.
3	I was told that the Mexican supermarkets were the places to go to get produce for juicing. I ended up realizing that I went to the wrong one because a large chunk of the produce did not look too fresh. It was difficult to sort through the kale and spinach in search of a bunch that was not wilted. The apples and oranges were inexpensive though. I picked up a bag of each and even some key limes. For the few bags of produce I got it was less than $10. It was still a good deal, but it did not come without some work.
5	Great juice place. It's difficult to find a place that will juice celery. Nice variety of merchandise.
5	The prices in this place are really low and the food is really soo  good  We bought chicken that was pre seasoned and stuff to make chicken and steak carne, and the pico sauce was so good! I was looking for a good recipe and stuff to make homemade manuedo, and pasolli and the employees were so quick to help me and give me tips, I love this place. I am native and and my husband is a white boy and when we went in were treated just like everyone else. I so appriciate the customer service that i recieved here. We have been treated not so nicely in other ethic stores and it is sad, because I come from the biggest mixed race family that you could ever imagine, and I do not tolerate discrimmination in any part of my life, so I wouldnt deal with it when I am shopping. I absolutly love this place and I will always be a returning customer!! Thank you Marianas team!
3	First time here. Came to pick up ceviche and guacamole. Reasonably priced, $6.99 per lb. Got home and it didnt have as much flavor. I think I would of been better off making my own.  They have a bakery on the side. We bought some for dessert.  That was a steal, $5.99 for a dozen.  Produce did not look that fresh.  Small tiny aisles, difficult to get a shopping cart around.
3	Is it me or does this place totally smell like a used cat box when you walk in? The prices are about the same as the other Mexican supermarkets around Vegas which to me are higher than some markets. If you need regular type grocery items (milk, butter, etc) I highly recommend going to another store like Smith's as the prices on those items are better there. Otherwise clean and neat claustrophobic aisles.
4	I love cooking with fresh produce, and Mariana's is one of the best places to find inexpensive veggies and fruit. From jicama to potatoes I always manage to find something yummy.This location is not too far from UNLV, and the prices are lower than the Albertson's and Von's nearby. The cashiers here are always friendly and humor my attempts at practicing Spanish (although they all are bilingual ).My only complaint is that the meat area can smell very meaty, even when in the produce section. I doubt that will bother most people though!
4	This place is small, the store and parking lot are both crowded, and the selection of regular grocery items is limited and overpriced. So why the four stars? Because you go to Mariana's for specific items: 1) the fresh produce, which can be sketchy but has great sale prices, and god bless 'em, you can use their sale flyers at Walmart if you are so inclined, 2) the meat dept., which actually has meat cutters employed, and while they do have some pre-packaged stuff in the deli case for convenience, I love picking out what I want and having it weighed and wrapped on the spot (just like the good old days), not to mention they have Mexican Specialty meats like ranchera preparada which I guess you could make at home, but why? 3) their chips and tortillas, which are superior to any commercial brands, and 4) their little restaurant inside, at which one can (and frequently does) purchase the Paisano meal to go. For $18, you get huge fresh chunks of carnitas, LARGE sized sides of rice and beans, a bag of the aforementioned tortillas, and a large tub of the fresh salsa of your choosing. Feeds a family of four with leftovers, cheaper than fast food and so much better!  If you happen to stop at the little stand in the middle and get an ear of corn slathered in cheese and mayo ($1.50) to sustain you for the 5 steps to the checkout, who could blame you? They also have an in-store bakery, which is quite colorful but I'm not adding any stars because they seem to specialize in Tres Leches cakes, and I am NOT a fan. Who wants wet cake? Eeeww!
1	I wish Yelp would allow me to give zero stars. I went here to buy flan for one of my patients and was pressed for time to get some lunch. The line for tacos outside was long, so I ended up buying some chicken salad. Something told me it prob wasn't the best idea, but it tasted okay. Two days later I'm still suffering from food poisoning. And the patient I bought the flan for said NEVER eat anything from Mariana's and that she only shops at Cardenas. Sigh.
1	We heard "you've got to try the tacos" from several friends. Well tonight we tried the tacos. Impression MEH....I asked for one each of Al Pastor, Carnitas and Carne Asada taco. No Al Pastor. Strike one. Carnitas were tasty, but nothing you can't get anywhere else. The Carne Asada was dry. Strike two. No BBQ corn on the cob. Strike three. The ceviche was so spicy I couldn't eat it. My husband who's a spicy fanatic wasn't impressed.  Strike four. The guacamole was yucky and the flan was pretty commercial and not caramelized.  Strike five. But the Agua Frescas Lime was delicious. I will go back if I want a refreshing ice cold lime delight. But to eat, count me out. Definitely on to the next taqueria!
2	Review is only for the tacos they serve outside. They're $.99 each but they charge tax with it. I like their selection of meats like cow head and beef tongue and they've got like 5 salsas. But I found their meat to be really tough and lacking flavor. Definitely a taco stand you can skip.
3	I am not a big fan of meat, anything that's inside a can, or sugar  anything however they do have Hawaiian pineapple and its only $1 :) , grapes .79 cents a lb and i got some oranges 6lb for $1 I would definitely return just for the produce :)
5	As far as Hispanic markets go. This location and store is the best. Has all the Hispanic foods and ingredients and spices u could need and cheap produce. As well as a bakery. But if you want the best bakery well you'll have to wait for me to review that place :) I know the best bakery for Hispanic cakes :)))Back go Mariana's review...And the best part is the prepared food kitchen :) omg!They have a large selection and it's all good. But if u want the experience of ur life. If you want ur world to change. If u want to experience a food that will literally blow u away with the biggest foodgasm u will ever have... Then u have to try their Birria :) My suggestion tho is that u buy a pound or two. They have a special 2 pound of Birria for 19.99 and it includes free 24(?) pack of corn tortillas, beans (the best), and rice (the best) and free sauce as well. Buy that and ask for lots of cilantro and onions and limes. Go home. Put the Birria in a wide pot and start pulling it apart so it's all stringy :))) then heat it up so it hot. Put some tortillas to warm up (please please please don't use ur microwave to heat up ur tortillas ugh) and make urself THE best tacos u have ever had. I suggest the red sauce but my bf would suggest the green. Both are awesome and I think u should try both. Be generous with ur sauce lime and toppings and make absolutely sure u take some of the broth from the Birria and pour a bit extra on ur tacos :))) god I'm getting hungry by the second. I will guarantee u will love me forever after this experience. Now my children. Go. Go live!!
5	Mariana's is one of the only Hispanic markets close to my home.  They have a wide variety of spices, produce and other things you can find at Albertson's or Smith's.  Mostly we buy Goya products here. Plantains are cheaper here than in other stores.  Back in my meat eating days, my mom would buy the meat from the back, and it was really tasty! Well seasoned. I haven't had the food from the kitchen/restaraunt, but I've bought salsas from them and it tasted really good!I can see why some people would be turned off by this place, but it's not an Albertson's or Smith's.  In Mexico, Centroamerica, and/or Sudamerica produce and goods can be bought off the street, or in markets, or less sanitary places, but it's not out of the ordinary.  Not like out here, where health districts regulate everything. I'm speaking from expereince, not what I've heard.
3	Ok so I gave it another shot. This time they changed my mind  a liltle bit.. they did have carne asada and chicken tacos.. amd let me say it was good. Im to sure about the staff because they seem to always be on the go yet, i can't blame them since its always busy there.
5	Awesome food!!!! The quesadillas are soooooooo cheesy and yummy. Staff is nice and the store is kept pretty clean!!!!!!! The conchas are awesome and I can never pass up on it! I love this Mexican market and the sit-in restaurant.
1	Ooo Mariana's you pissed off a yelper and now you must suffer the ultimate consequence... A 1 star review! I am dog sitting and bf and I thought we would go get some carne asada for our Memorial day bbq since it is right down the street from the house we are staying at. We went in around 830p and they are open until 11. We bought the asada and then decided to get some marinated al pastor to eat for dinner that night and we also got all the fixins for tacos. I also got some sweet bread from the bakery because I have a sweet tooth! Anyways we get home and cook the pastor meat and it tastes spoiled! And there were white chunks of rubbery meat all throughout. Seriously it was like the worst meat I have ever had the displeasure of eating and we threw all of it away. Also upon inspecting the rest of our purchases we found that the tortillas that they make in-store were outdated! The sell by date was may 12th it's the 25th. Gross! Anyways we decided to call the store before returning the Carne asada and spoke with the assistant manager Edgar who we explained the situation to and he said to bring the stuff back. Well when we got there he only refunded us for the asada meat and the tortillas which is ultimately what we brought back but he wouldn't give us the money for the al pastor because we didn't bring it. We had cooked it and thrown it away!! He then went on to say that they sell 2000lbs of it and no one has ever gotten sick. Almost implying as if we were lying. I'm not looking for anything free I just wanted my money back for the gross meat I got sick off of. Yeah this morning my bf woke up throwing up.... I tried to explain to him If the al pastor was good I wouldn't have been skeptical about the asada and wouldn't have returned it. He didn't care so fuck that place I won't be back and I will tell everyone not to shop there so they don't get sick.
2	This is a weird one....I visited the taco cart that Mariana's has situated just outside their front doors. It was midday Saturday and the they were not too busy. The cashier was talking to a customer when I approached. At first I thought the lady the cashier was talking to was placing an order so I waited. The customer informed me that she was not placing an order not and she moved to the side. She then suggested that I go ahead and order. "OK, thanks!" I'm thinking to myself.  So I approach the cashier and she just looks at me. I say "hi," and she just stares blankly. I start giving my order. Then she turns her head, looks the other way and starts talking to another Mariana's employee that had walked out of the market. This was awkward, frustrating and just plain rude all at once. At this time the lady who I had earlier thought was a customer was still hanging around. She says something to the cashier (in Spanish) and the cashier seems to blow her off. I'm fairly certain that the lady was telling the cashier to get on the stick and quit blowing me off.  This is when it finally dawns on me. Duh, she speaks no English. Now, this might bother some, perhaps rightfully so, but not me. I don't mind. While I think it's bad business and not the smart way to do things, I'm not going to hold it against her. She's doing her job as instructed by market management. However, ignoring someone - especially a customer - is not how you fix it. Her inability to cope with the situation transcends language barriers and it was really frustrating to be treated that way. So after a few more awkward moments the cook who was working the grill asked me to shout my order to him. I gladly obliged and he got to work. He then relayed it back to cashier so she could take my money, but he mixed up the order. So I yell to him again and he yells it back to her. However, she can't hear him this time and confusion takes over. So again, I yell it to him, he yells it to her, but this time the lady from earlier, who is still hanging around, ran interception and relays the message from me to the cook, then from the cook to the lady and then to the cashier. Epic! The taco meat was pretty good, can't complain about that. Also, I think they're around $1.75 or so which is a fair price. Sadly though, aside from tortillas, meat is all I had. The typical toppings were left off because I didn't ask for them. Weird. Anyway, suffice to say I will most likely never, ever return.
