5	Hands down the place to go for Natural Nail expertise!
5	Silva is the best thing that has happened to nails!  She is so meticulous and takes her time with every inch of you nails leaving you with perfectly manicured nails and feet.  If you're looking for a half finished, 15 minute job, don't go to Silva.  She's all about taking her time and leaving you nothing less than perfect results.  She is also on top of the latest fashion and trends and always carries wonderful products, such as the new Shelac which lasted me over 3 weeks without a chip!  I HIGHLY recommend Silva!!!
5	If you want perfection, then Silva is your girl.  I only wish she was here in Los Angeles!!  Love her and her expertise services.
5	AMAZING. I was scared for my pedicure but Silva helped me relax and reassured me she was good at what she does and she is best customer service ever and amazing pedicure ! !
5	I have known Silva for 15+ years and she has expertly taken care of my nails during all of that time. She is an educated nail technician who stays current on all things nails, and that which can affect them. Silva is methodical and meticulous -- an absolute perfectionist. I have never had a better experience or manicure and pedicure in any other salon than the one she provides. And on top of all of that, Silva is the kindest, sweetest, most caring woman you will ever meet. If you have natural nails and want the very best, you cannot go wrong with Silva! I adore her and I think you will too.
5	If you want a mani / pedi and you want to be pampered - Silva is where it is at. She will seriously take care of you, beginning to end with such great care and detail. She has so much knowledge and THE EYE. She is so clean, sanitary, and detail oriented and meticulous about what she does. PLUS she has an AMAAAAAAAZING heart and is a beautiful person. She can talk to you about ANYTHING - but of course professional. She has done so much research on nails, hands, feet, nail care, hand and feet and skin care, know that she is using the best products on you. If you want fake nails and products that are GLAM but not that healthy for you, I'm sure she can do that as she has extensive knowledge - but Silva's passion is about HEALTHY NATURAL NAILS. When you talk to her about it, she has such a passion for it, it is infectious. When you leave, you will have amazing looking, healthy hands and feet - that is my style so that is why I love her. Healthy and natural is great beauty - with a nice clean polish that lasts! I just love her and can't say enough.  I'm sure there might be other people like her, but she is a true, rare gem as a person and in the nail field. If you want a special experience that promotes healthy, natural nails - Silva is the person. She also has so many years of experience - including doing nails for celebrities, models.
