4	Moving to Las Vegas, I found excellent Vietnamese, Japanese and Thai; to make me feel absolutely at home, those staples need to be rounded out with smoked jerk chicken. I ate at a couple of places before finding this one is just the way I like it. The chicken is tender, not too spicy, served with two wonderful homemade sauces. The spicy sauce was way too hot for me when I put just a dab on my finger, but eaten together with the chicken, was nice and flavorful and not very spicy at all. I was really surprised. Plantains are tasty you get a nice salad and traditional delicious rice. A huge plus was homemade watermelon juice. I love homemade lemonade - but this is going to replace some of that.  The restaurant is no frills , so this one is all about the food. It was a bit hard to locate the place at first. When you get off 15 going North Take Charelston East to 3rd street and it is just about on the corner. You should see a sign on the sidewalk. Enjoy man, enjoy...
3	While I normally judge a Caribbean restaurant based on the quality of their jerk chicken, I just didn't feel like risking getting a plate of dry white meat with no gravy last night and ordered the oxtails instead.The atmosphere was amusing, but had I been in a worse mood I would have just been annoyed. They had a boombox going at one end of the bar, and a flat screen TV blaring a Jamaican sketch comedy show at the other. There were two other patrons; one young, presumably Jamaican, and an ancient, white haired, white guy reading the paper who looked totally out of place.My oxtails came on an oval plate atop a large metal platter with a mesh dome over it, which I assume would be used in Jamaica to keep the flies off your food. Nice touch, I guess. I wouldn't say it was a healthy portion of meat for $13, but the flavor was good, and there was a large heap of peas and rice to fill me up. The meat was, of course, very tender and flavorful, but I kept getting little bone fragments in my mouth and had to be very careful when eating it. I've experienced this a handful of times at various restaurants, but there were more tiny pieces in this than anywhere else.I would definitely return to Island Flavors, but I still miss Caribbean Citchen in Detroit. Maybe I can bribe them for their recipes.
1	Firstly, this was the worst customer experience I have had at a restaurant.  When my two friends and I sat down with the menu, the owner of the restaurant asked us to "Hurry up because there were other customers waiting for them."   She then proceeded to tell us that the menu wasn't that complicated for us to make a decision.  Secondly, the chicken curry had no meat it was only bones.  Also with the jerk chicken and curry the coconut rice was cold.  Speaking of the rice, I noticed that I couldn't taste the coconut in it.  So, I asked if there was coconut or if perhaps I got another type of rice.  The owner proceeded to say,  "If you didn't want coconut rice then I should have said something."  That wasn't my point.  I was just inquiring about what's in the food.Lastly, my friend collected our cash money and placed her credit card in the cover to pay the bill.  They charged my friend's card with the entire cost of the meal and kept the cash as a tip. I don't know about you, but who gives a tip that is two-thirds the cost of the meal?  When my friend went to the owner "again" (the waitress had skipped out and we were left with the owner to confront), she said, "How was the waitress supposed to know?  You didn't say anything."  We left immediately vowing to never return, until the owner has a change of heart.
1	........I think this place is closed now. Sad, this was my main hangout after First Friday. :(I fell in love with the ridiculously homey atmosphere of the place. I really liked their smoothies, but unfortunately I never got anything besides the quintessential meat pie. MMMMMM....Jamaican meat pies.
