3	This was probably the best meal I had during my vacation to Montreal.We went on a Saturday evening and it was pretty busy. Lots of family and many small kids (soo much crying :/)  Sadly, there was only 1 waitress/cashier/server so we were alittle miffed at the wait time but the food was worth it.I had the Chicken Souvlaki plate and my husband had the mixed souvlaki plate. Both with greek salad and greek potatoes. We got a side of feta & olives and a side of pita thinking we'd still be hungry (wrong).The Pita portion is pitiful :(  it's really meant to be per person. It was dry and chewy :(the portion of olives and feta is huge though.The greek salads were great and the souvlaki plates were too. Huge portion sizes.
4	This place has recently revamped themselves a little bit; they've lowered prices and switched from having waitstaff to ordering at the counter. This means paper plates and plasticware instead of silverwear and ceramic plates, if that makes a difference to you.All in all, Sparta's now a really good bargain. You can get a souvlaki pita for $5 or a trio for $7, which is comparable to anything at the mall across the street, but the quality is much higher. Whole chickens to take out were at about $12, and two for $22. At those prices, my husband and I joked about showing up at parties with twho whole chickens instead of a bag of chips.The chicken is seasoned nicely and grilled, and the flavor is just great. The sauce on the pita is nice and garlicky and the pita is soft. The whole thing has lots of a peppery greek sprinkle on it, which helps to take things to the next level. I believe they also give a discount for students, so that's a good thing if
4	I first stumbled upon this place hoping to grab a bite before I got on the metro, but it was closed. I made sure to check it out next time I was in the area, and sure enough I got there with less than half an hour until closing time. The place was about as busy as you'd expect a place to be at 2 in the afternoon, but I wasn't the only one there.Inside it was like just about any other hole in the wall, paper plates and everything. Order your food at the counter, and grab a drink from the fridge while it's prepared right in front of you. The staff was friendly, chatting with me a bit while the food was being prepared. They seemed to want to know about me and where I came from. There was Greek music playing in the background, which I thought was a nice touch, give the general lack of decoration.The chicken was great, which is all the really matters. Covered in herbs and spices and grilled to perfection. I also had fries with it, but they were not particularly great. Almost your typical fast food fries, except they were seasoned. Meh, they still went well with the chicken.
3	Visited twice, tried regular and spicy chicken. Smelled (unusually charred delicious smell) incredible, and tasted good. But the whole chicken was dry, burnt to a black char. Had to discard the dry black scorched wings and part of legs. Spicy chicken was extremely salty. OK frozen fries. Inconsistent service.
5	This was by far the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had. I ordered the spicy half chicken trio, it was amazingly well seasoned and delicious, even the fries were amazing, so much flavour!Peter and the staff were super friendly, I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	Service was a little cheeky but kind of expected. Food was ok, nothing special. Very typical souvlaki and the fries were tasty but not really anything to go back for. I saw a few people eating the chicken and it looked pretty tempting, I may go back to try it if I am in the neighbourhood.  It's pretty decent considering I had very little time to eat and I didn't want to eat McDonalds or sacwich however, I would not go out of my way to eat here.
5	My opinion and bunch of my friends?  They will let you have a bite of most delicious chicken ever! My favourite is the 2 legs special !Don't miss out :)
4	Sparta chickens is the best in the city. Great location for business and school. The food is amazing and the owner really friendly. Would love to see better business hour during weekends. Overall excellent place to be. Great job guys.
5	My husband and I were looking for something quick late on a Sunday - 9 PM - and didn't want to walk far from the movie theater.  As we were walking towards this place, some folks who had just eaten there asked if we were looking for a place to eat.  They had just eaten there for the first time and raved about it.  I had the chicken souvlaki pita and my husband the half chicken.  Both were delicious - the chicken was extremely moist and very flavorful.  The staff, too, was extremely friendly.  Would definitely go back!
