2	I have been to 2 locations, Fish Hatchery and Lien, and both times was uninterested in finishing my meal.  Stale tortillas, bad cheese, bland sauces... go to Taqueria El Pastor or Taqueria Guadalajara for tastier, more authentic meals.Heck, you can do slightly better just down the road at Casa del Sol.
4	Good authentic food. Fresh!
2	Nope-not authentic, pre-prepared, the chips are way too greasy and flavorless, and every entree tastes the same as every other entree. I went there with a party of five.l tasted everyone's entree. Tasted like we were all eating the same thing.I have not had authentic Mexican anywhere in Madison. I'm told by my friend from Mexico, that yellow cheese is not used in Mexican food, nor are black olives.
2	I go here sometimes for work lunch, reluctantly.  The food is typical large restaurant American/Mexican - refried beans, rice, and iceberg lettuce and diced tomato "salad" with everything.  Prices and portions are fine but, overall, just not impressed.
5	Love the steak tacos - prepared like they do on Maxwell Street, Chicago.  Fiesta Quesadilla is my other stand-by (grilled chicken and shrimp, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions and sliced avocado).Original blended margarita is the best in town!
3	I was on a business trip to Madison, WI...and the group there invited me to lunch.  Laredo's is a solid Tex-Mex restaurant...they even had one of my all time favorites, Huevos con Chorizo.  I ordered my fav...and it had a bit of an off flavor, probably just the Chorizo that they used.  It did not have a lot of heat to the sausage, but, overall, was enjoyable.Service, at lunch, was pretty good...although the check took a few extra minutes.
3	Quick lunches and decent prices.  The tortillas always seem stale though, either in a burrito or taco.  Guac is great!  Ambiance is a bit to be desired.  The floor is concrete and it gets annoyingly loud if you stop in after 6pm.
1	A piece of advise do not complain about your food at Laredos.  I just left the Laredo's on Fish Hatchery Rd and was  stunned by the treatment  that my husband and I received.  I ordered Carne Asada and I couldn't cut through the meat much less chew it. The entire portion of meat was nothing but pure gristle. I felt like I was chewing leather.  I asked the waiter over to explained that the portion was inedible.  He said and I quote "What do you want me to do about it". I repeated myself because I thought he must of misunderstood.  He shrugged and I was surprised because I wasn't expecting such a response and so I stammered "um am" may speak to the manager.  His response was, "he's not here he already left.  It was six p.m.  I then asked to speak to the person in charge.  He left the table and  I saw him go over to speak a fellow waiter and he  turned around and gave us the dirtiest look.  I was more flabbergasted by the fact that they seemed offended that I didn't like the food.  My husband and I have eaten at this location several times and I can say that in general we are very generous tippers and have been to this same waiter and we certainly didn't expect to treated in this way.  Anyway to sum  up my disappointment, in their "generosity" they gave us a $4.00 discount off our bill.  More laughable is that when he brought our bill he asked if I wanted a box!  LOL!!  We will never go back, not because the food was atrocious, but because of the treatment after the fact.  Some establishments just  don't understand that 9 times out of 10 patrons are willing to over look bad food but never bad service
2	Ok fajitas Sonora. A lot of grizzled meat (plenty of uneatable fat and grizzle) smothered in BBQ sauce. Too sweet. Not what I expected. Not like traditional fajitas. Waiter was not attentive and struggled to keep us with our needs. And we are low maintenance. Not sure how this place stays in business.
5	Not your typical restaurant visit, so possibly not a typical review!We had worked hard all day landscaping and really only wanted to celebrate a bit over some margaritas. Didn't want to go out for dinner and planned on just picking up some carry out from Qdoba's down the street (though my hubby doesn't care for rice burritos), so we called in an order of chicken enchiladas and shredded beef enchiladas on our way to Great Dane. We walked in and saw Laredo's had a nice bar, and so of course we had margaritas there...ordered a whole pitcher as we knew that was the cheapest option since we planned on having at least a couple each!The chips and salsa showed up immediately and the hostess/waitress/bartender brought our enchiladas out before our margaritas were ready. Okay, check. Set those aside for when we get home. We then proceeded to thoroughly enjoy about four medium sized margaritas each (for about $19, which is a little over $2 for a very delicious and perfect tequila portioned drink!!). We were worried that the enchiladas might not be enough food so we threw in an order of burritos, one chicken/one shredded beef, for about $7 total. They packed chips and salsa with each bag of food, so we got a bag with the enchiladas and another with the burritos.We walked out very happy in that we probably spent less on food than the rice-packed burritos at the Qrobus down the street (6 enchiladas = $13, 2 burritos = $7).Now the taste test, as we used to visit Laredo's on Whitney for lunch often, but my hubby always found them boring and that same-old-Mexican food.We should have stopped ordering at the enchiladas. Why - Because they were three very large enchiladas and more than enough for a meal!! We had the burritos the next night and they were both huge...and delicious, even being a day old!!!What can I say, sometimes a place just exceeds your expectations. My hubby wants to go back because he has a crush on that hostess/waitress/bartender lady as well. Yeah, she was cute, and she knew her stuff.Not the best Mexican food in the world, and maybe five stars is overboard, but on one of those nights when it all clicked and was exactly (and more) than we hoped - bravo!
3	This is my second try at Laredo's, and I'll admit that it is better than the first.My first time also happened to be my first mexican restaurant in Wisconsin, period. I had high expectations coming from Kansas, the land of the mexican restaurants, and I was let down.Upon having tried probably 10 mexican restaurants in the Madison area, I guess this one isn't so bad afterall. It is your run of the mill mexican food. I'd say this warrants 3 stars.Spend the extra 2 bucks for a soda here. This is one of those places where the water tastes like it came out of a tin can.This place is pretty empty both times I've been, and the food comes super fast. (I get easy bean burritos though) They have good service overall.I guess I'll be back in the future. Sigh
2	Dissappointed.  So I've gone there a couple, three times.  I have not been impressed each time, but decided to give it another chance, you never know...  Well, now I do.  Ordered the Fajitas Texanas, they were pretty bland even after adding salt and adding plenty of salsa (asked for the hot one, as always).  The kicker for me though, was being charged 60 cents for the extra tortillas.  They gave 3 at a time.  C'mon! Restaurant mark ups?  I get it for the liquor, but the tortillas?  Really?
1	I go out quite a bit. I also judge restaurants on peticular dishes. This place had the worst cheese burrito ever. It was made of white cheese? The same cheese they used for their queso blanco. Which wasn't that bad but MUCH to creamy for anything to be in a burrito. I guess I expect an orange cheese or at least a good cheese that is melty and hot. Not lukewarm and almost solid. Rice and beans were what they were. Didn't have high hopes and they didn't dash them. I just feel like it could have been so much better. I would never go back. Downvote.
3	Wide menu, fast friendly service, easy to get in and out at lunch. It's not fancy by any stretch, a little run down to be honest, but it gets the job done.
3	Decent food. Good size portions. Very inexpensive. Fast service.The food is decent...not the best Mexican food you'll ever have, but solid. I've never been disappointed. You get what you pay for, if you're looking for upscale food, go to Eldorado Grill. If you are looking for fast cheap pretty good food, go to Laredos. Don't forget to order a margarita!The tableside guacamole is kind of cool to watch and tasty.
3	Decent food. Good size portions. Very inexpensive. Fast service.The food is pretty good...not the best Mexican food you'll ever have, but solid. I've never been disappointed. You get what you pay for, if you're looking for upscale food, go to Eldorado Grill. If you are looking for fast cheap pretty good food, go to Laredos. Don't forget to order a margarita!The tableside guacamole is kind of cool to watch and tasty.
