4	I actually feel a little dirty after I shop here. Like it's a guilty pleasure or something. So much of the stuff is really at super cheap prices (but not everything... I underpriced them on a the same model of shop vac that I picked up on sale with a rebate). Thankfully, the inventory is fairly goofy, so it's a rare occasion that you got burned because you paid full retail for the same item elsewhere. I mean, would you necessarily have paid top dollar for that Barack Obama lava lamp? (Yeah, they had those for sale.)So this is a great place to exercise your bargain-hunter eyeballs. And it's cheap entertainment. Just browsing the $3 DVD section was fun... to see which actors are making the B-, C-, and D-list these days. I had to reign in my impulse shopping a bit and settle on only those things I actually could use, but that plastic guitar filled with popcorn and with Elvis's picture on it? That easily could wind up in someone's stocking for the holidays, just for sheer schlock appeal. Love me tender, love me crunchy... whatever.The furniture here is worth checking out if you are seriously comparison shopping. But give yourself some extra time just to browse the store, shake your head and mutter to yourself, "Who would buy this crap? Oh wait, for only $1.50. Sold!"
4	My sister is the Big Lots Queen.  She LOVES Big Lots!  No matter where we are, if she sees one, she has to stop.  This location is fairly close to me and she saw it and before I knew it, we were in the parking lot.  It's her addiction.  This store is fairly well kept.  I have been in other Big Lots that were just a mess.  The shelves are pretty neat here and I did not have to step around things on the floor.  Even the book eisle was neat.This store has furniture.  Nice furniture.  Manufacturers like Ashley and other well known brands.  The prices are pretty resonable too.  And it wasn't just a few things, there were lots of sofas and love seats, end tables, lamps, desks and just about anything else you might need to furnish a home.  If I need some furniture, I will come back here and see what I can find.  My sister was happy with the things she found and we satisfied her addiction for another day.  :)
4	This Big Lots is a clean and organized store unlike a lot of others I have been to. It is a great place to buy frames at, I bought some very nice art frames from here to frame my photography to give as a gift and they looked very expensive. The furniture that they receive are from name brand companies and are very nice, I wouldn't mind picking up something from here for very cheap than you would find at your regular furniture store. This is the best place to purchase your cleaning supplies, toiletries and trash bags because they are cheaper here than at the store. You might find something you like in the food section and did I mention they also carry makeup and beauty supplies which are all name brand? Never take anyone with you who gets aggravated easily by shopping because you will take forever in here looking at this and looking at that.
4	I love Big Lots! Every time I come here, I spend way too much time going down every aisle to look at all the stuff. Yes, some of the things are cheaper elsewhere, but for the most part things are a good deal. I go in for a few things and end up spending more than I want to. :-P
4	If there are items that are not available at the $.99 store nearby, head here and they will probably have it.  It won't be a dollar, but it will be a bargain nonetheless.  There are a lot of deals in this store.  Check the clearance racks.
1	I'm sorry. You're too busy to look up my club card information? Too busy too push the button to do the search, enter my phone number and click ok?I took the time once upon whenever to sign up for your card. And now, you can't take 5 seconds to look it up for me? Let me clue you in, the cashiers here have always looked it up. It always takes 5-10 seconds at most! Great customer service. Insert sarcasm here for the uneducated.Other Big Lots this hasn't been a problem. Just the one.
4	they often good deals here on a few things we use regularly. this is a good once every 3-4 months shopping place
4	Been to this big lots a few times, I recommend It. The pictures they have for sale are always really nice and the service has always been good. They also have some pretty good deals that just can't be beat
2	I still like to shop here since it is my closest Big Lots, but I have to dock them two stars due to customer service failures upon repeat visits. One issue is that they appear reluctant to open up an additional cash register even when lines grow seven customers deep. And I should mention that this is when other employees, in plain sight, occupy themselves with staring vacantly at invoices as if to not be recruited to help out.  I tend to be pretty patient with slow check-outs, but it was a slow enough trudge to drive my fellow shopper to irritation. While I took our cheap loot out to the car, he stayed behind to speak with a manager.We have also driven several miles to another Big Lots because the wait for getting help with buying furniture here was unacceptably long. I realize the one guy on staff who brings furniture to the front sometimes get overwhelmed, but in this case, we had to vote with our feet. We already burned over half an hour here trying to get anyone's attention.This store should be cautioned to pick up their game. The Big Lots in at Gilbert Road and Guadalupe (in Gilbert) is much quicker and a better shopping experience.
4	If you sign up for their rewards program you will get $$ back and 20% off coupon for ALL your shopping on special days so it's a pretty good deal.  This store is well stocked and clean.
