4	This is a very promising restaurant that JUST opened a few weeks back. I came along unsuspectingly, unsure of what type of cuisine was being served exactly. Upon entering, I saw hot dishes on a buffet line, alongside freshly prepared naan and salads. The Indian owners that greeted me confirmed it - this was an Indian lunch buffet!I was overcome with joy and anticipation. Here I am, in the middle of a decidedly healthy period of eating, standing at an Indian lunch buffet. Yes, the owners will claim that is actually indo-chinese, and the manager of the restaurant herself moved from Darjeeling, but the focus is most definitely on Indian dishes. Chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, daal, palak paneer, mixed vegetables... this place has it all, alongside some chicken pakoras with an indo-chinese flair. The naan is freshly prepared, and the chutneys (usually overlooked) were chunky and rich, as opposed to watery and bland. The manager was very accommodating, noting that although I came in only 5 minutes before closing time, they were happy for me  - even my friend who hadn't arrived yet - to partake in the lunch buffet. At $9.95, it was reasonably priced, and my three trips down its lines most definitely ensured that I received my money's worth. Try Tulips! It has one of the best lunch buffets in the north Charlotte area, and I will certainly be back soon.
4	Nice restaurant. After a long time, I had the food which is actually spicy when menu is marked as spicy.. Menu has got all variety of Indian cuisine and evry item tastes gud... Hope they sustain same taste in longer run
5	Fantastic!!!  Mostly Indian (Multi- region Indian) with some Indo-Chinese and a few Mediterranean dishes... EVERY Dish we ordered was a 5 yelp star experience or very close!!!Friday Night Dinner (Day after Valentines) our first Dine here of Many to come!Masala Dosa... If you have never had one of these I hate to spoil the Surprise by telling you when it comes to your table you could wonder, what you ordered... My photos will not give it away too much unless you realize how large the plate is! Onion Kulcha... This was the BEST Version of this Bread and one of the BEST Breads I have Eaten ANYWHERE!!!  It was spicier than any though it was not too spicy!Butter Chicken is the common name for Makhani Chicken (I think)... Mmmmm!!!! GREAT Flavor, ordered Mild, Served Mild! If you say Butter Chicken they will know what you mean!Vegetarian Biryani... INCREDIBLY Flavorful!!!  The Spice level begins near hot (not Indian Hot)!  It was too much for my Girlfriend (aka Wife) the Spiciness was sneaky I thought and did not notice for several bites and though my lips were burning I did not Break a sweat... If you like Spicy HOT and Biryani you'll probably LOVE this... POPROCK LOVE, hey!  More on the "spices for this dish  : : they use some chunks of some of the seasonings...so be careful, eat slowly and you'll probably enjoy it more!  5 stars with EASE!!!Masala Chai... Mmmmm this one is Plenty Nice!Dessert - I do not remember what it was called, I have eaten it in other Indian Restaurants and this one is better though I do not need to taste it again!!!  I LOVE Kulfi (when it is Very Good) they do not Serve Kulfi Yet!!!  Note to the Owners... If you care to Make some Kulfi... Pistachio is Fine, Espresso Flavor would be Fantastic!Service!!!  The Primary Lady that served us was very polite and let me know she understood what I meant and if they did not have something she let me know she did know the Dish and that they did not have it!  For a place that has recently Opened they are doing very well.. A Man opened the Door for us as we arrived and as we left!  Nice Touch!!!
4	Heard some nice things about this place, so decided to check it out for a saturday lunch buffet. It closes at 3 PM on weekends and I was pretty impressed that were ready to serve folks who came in after 3 PM and did not turn them away.The spread was pretty vast. I tried onion pakoda and gobi 65 which were pretty good. Veg biryani and Pasta were decent. Non veg spread was amazing, they really are multi cuisine and had Chicken Majestic and Kungpao chicken both delicious. Tandoori chicken was great and not like the typical lunch buffet tandoori chicken (read stale and fresh from the fridge reheated) you get in most indian restaurants. Two rounds of the appetizers and I had no space left for chicken biryani (which is usually my go to item in buffets).The price of 9.99 is way below what I expected, but I'm not complaining. The service was good for most parts but it could go up a notch. I don't get the negative review and totally think it is definitely on par if not above spice cafe and spice 9. Go check it out today!!P.S. I'm looking forward to dinner there to try the hyderabadi biryani and haleem.
1	Food was OK not the best, atleast what I tried. I entered restaurant at 6 PM on a Sunday night and then there was no service for another 40 minutes as they were still getting ready for the night. Moreover after having a little my wife discovered a hair in her chicken noodle which obviously threw her off. My wife didn't feel like eating anything further so we asked for the bill. I was still able to see the charge for the noodle in my bill although we were offered something complimentary which we denied.I paid and here I'm writing the review.
4	I've been here for the buffet four times in the past 2 months, and I will be back. My only real complaint is that the food on the buffet is never hot (temperature). Every time I've been, the buffet has different options. The red fried gobi is great, as well as the saag and other gravies. The Chinese noodles were spicy! The buffet naan is typically stale, but they are happy to bring fresh naan to your table if you ask nicely. Home cooked Indian food is by far superior, but I don't have high expectations for buffets, so Tulips works for me.
2	Tried this place out for iftari one night with some family members. The two stars reflect the average review for our group as a whole. I was generally disappointed. While the menu items were plentiful, they were not warm. I got so excited when I saw someone bring out what looked like hot vegetable biryani (I could see steam coming off of it) and I thought to myself YAY! HOT! but when I got back to my table, I stuck my silverware into a potato and took a bite and it was seriously refrigerator cold. I figured it was because they mixed the hot with whatever was already out on the buffet but I was definitely not happy. The chicken tikka masala was not bad and the chili chicken was also decent. They had several dessert options but I did not try any. We ordered a couple teas after the meal and it took nearly 45 minutes to receive because of some "miscommunication." We got a verbal apology about this but nothing more. As iftari this year begins around 8:30, it was really late in the evening on a week day by the time this happened so it was totally uncomfortable for me. I will say that the staff regularly filled water glasses and took away dirty plates but that's about the only plus I can give.
4	I was always told if you go into a restaurant and the natives are eating there, then you know you hit the jackpot.  That statement is very true in this situation.  The food here is spectacular and worth every penny.  I love the lunch buffet.  It's certainly worth the $6.99.
5	This was SO delicious! Everything I tried was full of flavor; no two dishes are the same. I know virtually nothing about Indian food, but I do know a good bit about quality food, which is what I had today. The curried dishes were wonderful, and there was a chicken dish that looked like it has a dry rub on it; very red. AMAZING. The breads there complimented the food very well, and there are vegetarian options that are just as good as everything else. Make sure you try the potatoes in red sauce, the chutney and creamy yogurt sauce, and the "orange shot" drink, too! There is also a very nice, very fresh selection of salad vegetables and fruit, both beautifully presented. The service was perfect, and I loved how we were brought a lovely carafe of water. I HATE having to ask for more water. Just a perfect lunch. My husband and I went on Sunday, and the buffet was 12.95 each. Super price for healthy, non greasy food.
4	This location seems to be a bad omen for new restaurants as everything that has been here ended up closing in a very short amount of time but I'm hoping for a better outcome for Tulips as I really enjoyed the different options offered on their buffet and the price was pretty awesome for what I received.  Keeping my fingers crossed for the newest Indian spot in the University area.....
3	Came here for lunch the other day.  The food is actually really good for a buffet type setting.  I wasn't really impressed with the service though.  We pulled up and the parking lot was completely empty- we thought the place was closed, but when we walked in most of the workers were putting out the food in the buffet line (it was around 11:30 am).  Some of the workers didn't really acknowledge us, but finally when the main hostess person came out she was nice enough to direct us to a table.  Someone brought us a thing of water and then left us.  We didn't know how it worked so we sat there a good while before we went around the corner and asked permission just to grab a plate (no biggie, but I do like a little direction now and then - before I get yelled at for doing the wrong thing).Mostly Indian dishes at the buffet with some "pan-asian" pepper chicken and garlic chicken options.  I was addicted to the chicken tiki malsala and the fried cauliflower.  There was a lot of selection compared to the other Indian buffets in the area, but you do pay 9.99 for the lunch buffet.When we were done, we had another moment where we wondered if we went up to the front to pay or not (which we eventually ended up doing), but overall it was an okay dining experience.
2	It was too much of spice on every food. We tried 4 different dishes, good but too much spice.
1	Pathetic one, food is costly and quantity is not even worth enough for one person.we brought mutton biryani for 16$!!!! it is such a premium rate and it was not sufficient for even a one person.
5	Great food and a nice location!Try the biryani next time you go there !
4	Tulips have the best authentic Birani I've tasted in charlotte! The lamb sheik kebab is my personal favorite.. It's only downfall is the price as it's more expensive than other Indian restaurants in the university area.
1	The quality of the food offered is good but it is too expensive. 5 of my friends visited this place for a Lunch Buffet on a Sunday and each of us ordered a drink as well.We were surprised by looking at the bill. Man it was 95$ for 5 of us for a normal Lunch buffet. $19 per person is really too expensive. Even though the buffet costs $12.99, the taxes gratuity and coke adds up to the cost. This is way too much for a place like Charlotte!
1	Food is Ohk. Price is very expensive than any Indian restaurant probably in whole NC. Hospitality is veryyyyy poor, therz one old guy at the counter, he doesn't know how to behave with customers.
1	I would say give -1 star most pathetic food. service was worst never take the buffet u wait for the food in the queue and they reheat the food nothing was fresh !! Meat smells bad never go
5	Best authentic Hyderabad biryani in Charlotte. Weekend lunch buffet is awesome,  3-4 non veggie appetizers, followed by two chicken gravies and a mutton curry, Naan and biryani. Minimum 4 desserts..
1	We went for dinner buffet yesterday after a long time. The baby corn appetizer was so bad that it  looked like old food . To add to it , Mysore bhajji was horrible . They could have atleast changed the name . Jeera rice , vermicelli trays were empty. Naan wasn't available . Veg biryani looked like it was prepared long back . Wasn't satisfied at all . Bad experience .!
1	We saw the tulips iftaar buffet on tulips Facebook page and went to the restaurant . 15$ was the buffet cost . Bit high for a restaurant in Charlotte . Checked the non veg appetizer- chilly chicken . It was hard to eat , tasteless . Chicken biryani taste was missing. Naan wasn't available . Finally paid the bill and came home and drank sprite to fill up my belly . I wouldn't go here after . Please improve the food.
5	This has to be one of the best Indian food restaurants!  The manager was very knowledgable and helpful when it came time to order.  The food was outstanding, fresh, and authentic.  The restaurant itself is family friendly and clean.  Highly recommended if you like a taste of real India!  It was so good that I'm taking the family back for a second time in one week.
5	This place is amazing!!   The food is absolutely fantastic!   The service is extremely friendly.  Tulip's will be a definite must every time we come to Charlotte.  The garlic nan was perfect and I had the best Chicken Marsala  ever.   We've been to many Indian Cuisine restaurants in the US and Japan, this one gets our vote by far!
3	Finally after months and months of hearing that I had to get to Tulips....me and a couple of my teammates were able to try it.  Will be very brief here.... the flavors were good.  Parking was good.  The ambience OK.  I would probably figure out a way to have a greater shield to block the view of the kitchen entrance as you enter the restaurant....especially since the buffet is also just to the right of that entrance.  Rest of restaurant was nice, clean and well arranged.  Another thing that we had to share with our host....was that the buffet should be hot. The naan was not hot...and appeared to be an hour old.  The other items on the buffet were just below luke warm. Food must be served hot on a buffet to be enjoyable.  Will I return.....well...if I can pull myself away from my number one spot for Indian cuisine.
1	Really bad service!! Bad food. No one looking at or serving the table for 30 mins. I'm never visiting this one again..0 star
4	Me and my girl went yesterday, Chicken tikka masala and their garlic naan was on point. When you enter the Resturant, the fresh cooking food smell is a teaser.  Not only the smell, but the taste of the food was as great as the smell. Definitely coming again for the food and student discount.
1	Very very unbalanced use of spices. While the owner might be overly nice to the customer, he doesn't know how to treat his employees. The use of cinnamon, clove overpowered the entrees we ate. A stone throw away, but I am not going there in the near future.
1	Non veg starters were good....... but Unbalanced spices.. fish curry tasteless... Chicken biryani salt less of course spice less.... lemon shots too sweet... overall i had very tasteless lunch...
2	First visit food was good,  but service was erratic.  Came back for a second visit Tuesday at noon.   The doors were locked and no one in sight.   Their hours mon-thurs on the front door state they open at 11:30.  Very odd...
4	The Hyderabadi Chicken Biryani was fantastic. The rice was very well flavored with succulent pieces of tasty chicken. We also tried their Kadai Paneer which was every bit authentic and wonderful taste. Looking forward to taste more of their dishes!!
2	Nothing's good about this place. The staff isn't friendly. Last time we went there they charged us heavy gratuity. Price Not worth the quality of food.
