1	Absolute worst experience ever. I have braces with Southwest Dental ended up costing around $3500. Not a bad price actually, but I have gone through numerous oral surgeries amounting to more than $2000 dollars. You are basically screwed if you can't afford it and they don't care. I have to get the same surgery and pay for it again because they were unsuccessful on the first attempt. I have now had braces for almost 6 years. FML.
1	Absolutely horrible. Wish I would have did more research! They are very unorganized and rude. The first time I was in wasn't bad though, and I thought "hmm, finally found a decent place" NOT. Their dental plan was reasonably price that is actually why I was drawn to them, however they charge you for EVERYTHING. I needed a few things done that required me to see their specialty office, which is around the corner which I thought was great! However, when I went to see their specialty office I had to fill out the same paper work again. You would think that they're in the same building they could at least transfer paperwork over somehow! Anywho, I booked my appointment and ended up cancelling BEFORE their 48 hour policy yet they still billed me $100 for a broken appointment. I called in and she said she would take care of it. One month later I get another bill stating that this is the 2nd request that they have sent requesting payment. So I had to call yet again. Overall, just a terrible experience. I wish I had known before signing up for their dental plan. I guess I should have done better research, but I'd rather lose out on over $150 (plan + exam fees)  than to go back.
1	Full disclosure: I cancelled my appointment before even receiving any services here. My wife had a morning appointment, and I had one in the afternoon. After hearing her experience, I cancelled my appointment. She went in for an initial appointment, which included waiting in the lobby for an extended amount of time (concerning as she was the only one waiting when she got there). She had X-rays done, the dentist came over and reviewed them, and said that she was good to go schedule her cleaning. Now, in a time where people are generally not able to shell out extra funds for things that are routinely covered by a major dental insurer, I found the following alarming. The initial visit was 100% covered, but the cleaning she was to schedule would be over $100 because they do some "special gum cleaning." No alternatives were offered, and no real explanation for the cost.I called and cancelled my appointment (receptionist was very unprofessional), and we won't be going back. In the limited interaction we've had with this place, it's very clear that they're focused on money and not the patient -- it's the only reason I can think of for charging that much for a cleaning (I've had fillings that cost less!), and making you schedule multiple appointments to get established. How is that helpful or friendly?
1	If I could give zero stars....I would.After going through multiple Orthodontists in this office ( I want to say at least 4) my son was only seen a few times in the YEARS of having his braces.  I paid for our services in full.  My son would get irritation in his mouth from the braces that would cause sores in his mouth.  They would not see him if he had these which was always.  Needless to say I have NEVER received a phone call from them asking how he is doing or telling me that he is due for another appointment.  A few weeks ago I had enough and had them remove the braces.  There is ZERO change in my child's teeth after wearing these braces for almost two years and paying thousands of dollars.  Needless to say I'm still waiting for an office manager to contact me after numerous calls and messages left.  Hopefully the Orthodontist that is there now stays....and nobody has to go through what my son did. Unacceptable in my opinion!
1	My experience was terrible! What a waste of time and what useless information and money extracting techniques were used here.I came for an exam and cleaning. The girl (who identified herself as a hygienist) took a full mouth set of x rays saying, "Why not it 's covered by your insurance." She exclaimed how wonderful my gums looked.Then after additional wait time the dentist came in. Next a person (Crystal) from the front office came with an estimate for a cleaning and irrigation for 80+ dollars and she told me I needed to sign it. I refused telling her I came for a cleaning which was covered by my insurance. Then the so called hygienist returned and handed me the same form. I asked what was I supposed to do with it . She said,' just sign it'. I didn't.I was told at the front desk I needed to pay for the x rays which the hygienist had told me were covered by my insurance.I refused to pay and told them to bill the insurance.I will never return and I canceled my son's appt for the following day.I will be reporting my experience to anyone who can learn from my experience.****This was the general dentistry group not orthodonics.
