4	Having seen several of their ads in c-list, I was curious. Several days ago, I took the opportunity of being in the area to stop in and take a look. The shop is well hidden towards the back of a small industrial complex but the Headkace van in the parking lot was a dead giveaway of their location. I stepped into the small and "cozy" showroom and was immediately greeted by a man and a woman who I gathered are the owners. They gave me a tour of the facility and gave me a rundown of their schedules and pricing as well as their capabilities. Judging from the varied group of nicely put together bikes and the ultra sano condition in which the shop was kept, I am confident in saying that they have a real good handle on what they are doing. The showroom/retail area is small but seems well stocked plus they are confident in letting you know that if you need it and it's for a bike, they can probably get it for you. All in all a really cool little shop in exactly the kind of place that one would expect to find a really cool little shop with exactly the type of really cool people that you would find running said little shop. Downside for me is that I might as well live on the other side of the planet so convenience, for me, is nil. I did leave there with a brand spankin new pair of ICON twenty niner gloves, that I love, and a complimentary weird little can of Monster drink.
5	Wow! These shop is awesome! I was trying to get the supplies to do my 20k on my Harley and I called Chester Harley, Harley of Scottsdale and Chandler Harley... It took Chandler Harley 2 days to get back to me... I have yet to hear from the other two still... Headkace called me back same day sent a quote and price matched me... When I got there they were even nicer in person. This place has exceptional service and I will be buying all my parts from them. I'm still in awe... Thank you guys I'll be in soon to pick up the gasket and fork fluid! You guys are truly amazing!
5	Found shop on yelp and wanted to get a quote on 14 inch ape hanger handlebar install on my harley. Super rad shop and super nice people. The complimentary energy/ soda drink is nice. They have a good selection of helmets and other gear too. They gave me a very fair quote and a few days later I brought my bike in. They were nice enough to give me a ride home when I dropped my bike off. I just picked it up and...man!...They did a bad ass job. My bike looks amazing...Internal wiring and all. They even ran into some trouble (parts problem) and didn't charge me for the extra labor. I'll be going here from now on for services and upgrades. I got my 30,000 mile service coming up. Thanks Head Kace.
5	Amazing customer service! Nick and his crew do amazing work.  They came to my house to pick up my Harley.  Everything was done same day and I am ready to ride!! I think I found my new shop. My buddies will be coming here for now on if they still want to be my friend.
