4	I know it's been a few years now but honestly I'm still stuck on this cupcake craze.So, I was pleased to hear that one of the trucks at the Southpoint Foodtruck gathering was a cupcake truck. Right as we walked into the cluster of trucks I noticed this cute little (smaller than the rest) white truck with pink and black trim. The gentleman and 2 ladies manning the truck were in uniforms that matched the trucks decor. After reading through all their flavors I knew right away that I wanted the Peach Cobbler cupcake - sadly due to an earlier event that cupcake was sold out- I think they should have crossed out that flavor then!!!!Anyhow, they sold me on the cupcake flavor of the day which was Cherry Chip.It was vanilla cake with bits of cherry baked inside the cake -topped with chocolate cherry flavor frosting. It was a good sized cupcake, moist and yummy....The cupcakes cost $3.00 each and I would like to see more cupcakes with fruits offered like Mango,Pineapple,Guava, Watermelon -now that's different!!!!There are also many variations of flavored Lemonade sold like Watermelon Lemonade (Sounds refreshing) but I didn't want to need to pee so I opted to not drink (too much ) But next time I will try one.....By the time we were leaving the event I was going to stop by again and bring a few cupcakes home but the line was rather long - bad for me but good for them!!!!I hope I do get a chance to try other cupcake flavors and maybe just maybe that Peach Cobbler Cupcake will hang around for me!!!!
4	They have a truck, they sell cupcakes, the cupcakes are pretty big, and they're fairly cheap.I tried them at SN Truck Stop a few weeks back, while the 2 off the menu I wanted were not there that week, the ones I got were pretty good. In a city full of cupcake shops, I'm shocked they are the first cupcake truck. Will I go out of my way for their cupcakes, probably not, but they're a nice touch for dessert while I'm grabbing some truck eats
4	Cupcake truck?!?! Hell yeah! Just the concept alone makes me a fan.I was able to try one of Foxxy Lady's cupcakes at a recent Saturday night food truck stop at Tommy Rocker's. My husband placed the order and paid while I was waiting for another truck, so no clue as to the price or how service was. This review is based purely on taste.The Strawberry Fields cupcake he selected was large and rich enough to satisfy both of our cravings for dessert. The cake was good sized and moist, definitely tasted like it was baked that same day. The frosting was excellent and there was just enough to compliment the cake without overpowering it. Cool concept coupled with a tasty product equals winning in my book. I will definitely be getting another cupcake from Foxxy Lady's next time I see the truck!
3	Where are they?  They show up a few weeks got me hooked and now they're gone! Butter Believe it was my fav. I wanted to try others, but you left before I could get Butter Believe it out of my system. Come back to MLK and Alexander plz!
