5	I had my wedding here this past weekend.  It was awesome.  The staff - especially Nathan Hoffman - were amazing to work with.  The food was excellent, the setting was beautiful and things went according to plan.  I cannot say enough good things about Nathan.  He was great to work with and made the whole process so easy.  The City Club was the only venue we looked at that said they would do a tasting for us.  The food was excellent and the wine was outstanding.  They even gave us a picnic basket of goodies when we left the venue - wine, cheese, cheesecake, crackers and more - some nice yummy midnight snacks!Everyone we worked with, dealt with and interacted with at every level was a pleasure to deal with.  Nathan really helped with the planning and the scheduling and made the entire process so much better for us.
4	Elise F. is right for some reason or another, the place has a strong panache at night time and not so much during the day time. Maybe their food just taste better in the dark.
1	This place Was horrible!!! The steak was over cooked and tough, the service was so slow that it took us 2 hours to get our food the wine was delivered after 40 minutes. Sure the view is cool but really?? Glad some one else paid or I would be MAD.
4	We joined the Charlotte City Club shortly after moving to Charlotte.The club, located at the intersection of Tryon and Trade in Uptown, offers wonderful views of Charlotte. Offering breakfast, lunch, and dinner, it is a wonderful spot to hold meetings, get drinks with friends, or just escape for a few moments. The staff is very friendly -- Rita and Carrie are always ready to greet you (and validate your parking). Julie Horanski is the Membership Director (jhoranski@charlottecityclub.com). She is always willing to speak to those interested in joining. We would definitely recommend the Charlotte City Club to anyone looking for a social club in Uptown where they can use to conduct business as much they do for personal outings.
4	My family visited the club in Charlotte, as we are members of ClubCorp back home in Greenville, SC. The club was beautifully appointed, with a very nice view. We found the staff very welcoming and every part of our 5-course dinner was prepared to excellence. My 12-year-old --to my great surprise-- even pushed aside her filet to finish off my grilled salmon.......she normally hates fish, but loved the club's preparation. I'll definitely be back on future Charlotte visits. Great club!
4	I recently attended a wedding at the Charlotte City Club and it was gorgeous! Not only is it a beautiful venue with a fabulous view, but the meal was high-quality (hands down the best macaroni and cheese on the planet). It was definitely one of the best dinners I've had at a wedding. They also did a great job of ushering everyone to the reception and the service was excellent.Reason for 4 stars?  I wondered if the bride and groom were paying based on consumption because the drinks were incredibly stiff-overly so. I had to ask them to water mine down more than a few times.  Also, the top floor can accommodate several people but there are a few rooms rather than one large one so we missed out on the cake cutting because we were in the room with the band. For that reason I would prefer a location with one large space for a wedding reception, but over-all it was a very beautiful space.
5	One of my favorite places in Charlotte! Located 31 floors above the heart of Uptown at the corner of Trade and Tryon, it's possible to not know that the City Club exists.  The service, the food, and the ambiance is first class! The views of the city are spectacular, especially at sunset. I love to watch the sun set from the Stonewall Jackson Room as the planes at Charlotte Douglas International Airport take off in the distance.  The views of the city are probably my favorite feature of the city club.  The Charlotte City Club is more than a place: it's an experience!
3	The place is kind of a maze. If you're wanting a party it's not ideal, it separates everyone. If you want dancing it's not enough room. Great food and the employees are ok. They kind of rush you though.
4	Came here for lunch with some colleagues.  Amazing place with so many cool rooms to check out.  Look to your left-there's a silent auction going on. Look to your right-two businessmen shaking hands. And look outside-breathtaking view of Charlotte from the 30th floor.Service is solid. Very propers and stuff. Hyper-reactive to remove plates in front of you... so you can get bidness done.Lunch buffet was so-so.  Cooking in quantity always loses that special touch.  Uneven cooking, undercooked, etc.  Probably better if you order off the menu.I think I might want to join. dmo out
2	Don't Get Married Here. My husband and I got married in July. We had sit down dinner and chose 3 meals for our guests to choose from. The Filet which was the most expensive came out raw to about half the guests who ordered it. I had 2 guests told they were out of their meal and had to pick something else even though I payed for it. The event manager who I worked with the whole year stepped back the night of and gave it to the banquet manger who I never met and knew nothing about us or our wedding. Coffee and dessert was never announced and when we asked for it to be they said they would but still didn't and by the time we realized it was too late. That was $2000 down the drain. We bought sparklers for the end of the night send off and when my mother in law asked for a second one the man handing them out wouldn't give it to her even though we payed for them. It is now 2 months later and we have been emailing with the event manager since to get some kind of resolution. But he keeps shooing us away. They don't seem to care that we spent a ton of money her as they are ala cart. I would have liked not as many issues as this was my first wedding. So here is to all the Bride's. This place is beautiful but not worth the money, stress, or headache.
