5	Tom's Auto Body is #1 on my list ANYTIME something goes wrong with my car. I have been here twice with my car and both times I've been beyond pleased with the service and the outcome of the job. Art is awesome and goes out of his way to be as helpful as he possibly can and even calls with updates. After the severe hail damage on my car, they had my car for about a week and I got it back and it looked simply amazing!! The service and quality was met beyond any expectations that I had. Thank you!!
5	I needed bodywork done on my car & after asking around my work mechanics all recommended me to see Ron at at Toms Auto Works. At first, I went to 4 other body shops with good ratings to get estimates and lastly Ron. Ron gave me the best bid so I went with him. His shop was very clean & professional. When I came to pick it up, I was extremely happy. They fixed it up better then it looked when I originally bought it!! And they washed and shined it :) I will def be back... Excellent service & work!
5	Art at Tom's Auto Body is terrific!   He made the process as painless as possible.  In fact I originally found this place via Yelp.  Thanks fellow Yelpers!!   I wanted to get ran estimate from a couple of different places and do Tom's Auto Body was my firsts stop.  I spoke to Art and he gave me all the info I needed basically from what would need to be replaced and looked at (e.g. Wheel alignment) to what I should say to My auto insurance to speed up the repair process.  Needless to say, I was so impressed with my first meeting with Art that I decided to forego  getting a second opinion and just stuck with them.  Mind you this all happened on a Friday.  The following Monday I dropped off my vehicle after getting it cleared with my insurance.  From there, Art kept me posted only vehicle status.  They quoted my three weeks for the repair and I got it back in two.  I HIGHLY recommend Tom's Auto Body!!!   You will not be disappointed.  My vehicle looks brand new and it is covered as long as I own the vehicle.
5	My first repair at Toms and I will be back, on time, great communication superior work. After learning of all that this company does to help our community I was almost excited to have a reason to spend money with them. Thanks to Ron and his team.Howard Fleischmann Community Tire Pros and Auto Repair
5	This shop has helped my family and I in every accident we have been in since I was 16 years old. The most recent my ford flex   everything done with care and complete professionalism highly recommend this shop for your automotive needs
