4	Katie & Jen do a amazing job! They speak great English & understand how you want/like your nails so you never leave dissapointed. I drive 20 minutes & there is at least 20 salons from my house to this salon, but why waste $$ on your average salon that nails break within a week, (& they charge to replace) or leave upset that you spent $50 & are unhappy. It's a hidden spot so all my friends come here :) try it out!
1	Very bad service...  Definitely needs a change of  management..
3	Rushed my manicure.
5	I started coming to Serene Nails for a mani-pedi for my wedding last year and haven't gone anywhere else since! These girls, especially Katie and Jenny, are great. I am rough on my hands and have not had a nail break once! I have gotten both acrylic and gel manicures done here and can't complain about either. My polish lasts so much longer than other places. They always remember me when I come in, including the colors I've chosen previously, which always makes a client feel appreciated. I drive halfway across town every 3 weeks to come get pampered here!  Give them a shot, they're the best in town!
1	Rushed my manicure and did the shaping wrong. It started cracking the next day. Won't be back.
1	I take my daughter to get gel nails. N I think to take her here which is close to our house but I guess I'm going to go a distant from now on to get good service, because the old lady in front is very rude. She did not mention the extra $5 for glitter gel,only when it was time to pay and I mention that since I wasn't happy about her attitude that I'm not coming back anymore and she said "its okay". Also the work they did on my 9 year old daughter was not good. Very uneven n did not bother to shape it.. were going back to the other place that was a better value for lil girls and way better service..
5	After having gone to Serene Nails for almost a year, I felt I needed to post my review as previous reviews just aren't accurate.  First off, they have the best prices in all of Vegas, secondly it is very clean, thirdly all the girls speak English and listen to what you want, fourthly they are speedy and do an excellent job.  Anyone that said they aren't friendly or too fast are just looking for someone to kiss their ass or cater to them in a way you aren't paying for.  I am a licensed cosmetologist & VERY picky about where I go, so after I found such a gem of a salon, I'll never go anywhere else.  My nails have never looked better, and I love the girls there.  Katie, Jing, Jenny and her mom are very good at what they do.  I'd give them 10 stars if I could.
1	Service was absolutely TERRIBLE. The woman rushed through my full set and did a terrible job. I was not happy with how my full set looked after and I'm going to have to get them re-done, somewhere else. The woman literally said two words the entire time and was extremely rude when I asked her to clean up the excess glue and polish. She told me to just "wash my hands." I will never come back here and recommend someone who wants to spend $30 on a full set to go elsewhere.
1	I used to go here every couple weeks but haven't been in awhile so I told my friend it was a good place to go. WRONG we were the only two guest in the place and they were still rushing through our services, so fast they didn't even take the time to ask me what color I wanted on my nails they just started painting them to match my toes and didn't even ask my friend what kind of acrylic nails she wanted just started doing them while we were getting our pedicures. No wonder they turned out bumpy and glued to her skin and then when she told her she wanted a French tip they decided to paint it on which will last a week tops. When I complained to jenny at the front desk they got all defensive and told us that they are the best in Las Vegas and the glue and stuff on her skin would wash off after she washes her hands a few times. I'm sorry but if I pay $83 dollars my nails should look brand new not like a ten year old did them and if a client is upset you do everything possible to fix things not get defensive. Tip for the staff put a smile on your face, work on your customer service, take your head phones out of your ears so you can hear your client and go get some better training, and if anything act like you like each other I could feel the tension between all three of you.I felt so bad I paid for my friends nails because she will have to go somewhere else to get them redone. I will no longer promote people to go here anymore.
5	TOTALLY love this place! Katie and Jen work their asses off and they're the only two that are consistently there ALL of the time. With that said- they do an amazing job of getting to know their regulars and their specific likes and dislikes. My mom and 2 sisters go here as well and we've had nothing but great experiences. Wouldn't go anywhere else! Thanks Katie and Jen!!!
4	Had a great experience! Charlie did my nails, took his time , friendly, great job with the shaping and gel. Clean, lots of colors and cared about my business. I will be back!
5	I believe they recently changed a owner, Ging is a sweet girl who did my nails. She's very patient with good work, I'm very picky and specific of what I want and she totally nailed it. This place is clean, reasonable price, closer to home, everyone speaks English and yes it might gets busy but I don't think bad attitude should apply just because they are not talkative like other salons. I rather them keep it that way.
5	I'm a guy and I went in for a ped & mani. The salon is under new management, the owner, Ging is very friendly and sweet. The staff is also very informative and helpful. I like the fact that they keep the salon very clean and organized. I will definitely come back since their price is very reasonable compared to the salons in that area.
2	I am sorry but new management really? First of the customer service at the front had the nerve to argue with me about the prices. Customer is always right ! Get that right. Seems like you have to be under a new newer management. Had to go back twice to get my nails re painted cause of how rushed the tech painted the nail polish in the first place.  Please  rethink twice on going here. There are other places to go to.
5	This salon is currently under new management so I've decided to go and check it out! They offered great customer service and the staff was well educated on what they are doing. The girl up front was always smiling and all the staff was talkative and friendly! They never hesitated to answer any annoying questions I might have came up with. :)The prices are very reasonable and the salon is kept very clean! They even offer individually wrapped sanitized tools for each customer! That's a plus for me! Will def be back!
5	Since Janurary 1st Serene Nails has a new owner, but Ging has been an employee there as long as I've been a client.  It's not right for anyone to post an inaccurate, untruthful or just plain hateful review of such an amazing salon.  Here's the best reasons to go to Serene Nails:1) VERY good pricing.2) Extremely nice nail artists and owner.3) CLEAN and sterile environment.4) Quality service 5) English speakingPut it this way, I live in Orange County California but wait until I come to visit Vegas every month just to go to THIS salon.  I can get my nails done cheaper in Orange County, but I wouldn't trade Ging or her wonderful salon for any run of the mill dirty shop.If these aren't reasons enough to try them out, try the others and compare.  You'll understand... and if you don't good!... Less crowded for me and the customers that love and appreciate a fantastic salon.  (KIDDING!). Seriously, give them a try & you'll never go to a different salon.
5	Went back today for a hard gel full set! Once again loved my experience!! Till next time. :)
5	I came in here for my first time because it's very close to Mountain's Edge where I live. And I was tired of experiencing bad services everywhere else I went. So I gave this place a shot, I was greeted by very friendly people. The lady that did my nails was very sweet. The prices are very reasonable. I got a full set, which was $23 it was a additional $5 for me because I wanted Matte color, and another additional $5 for the way I wanted my shape which I got the pointy stiletto kind. I really liked the way it turned out. My nails lasted for two weeks and I still have them on as we speak because they're so sturdy. Now that my nails are growing longer  I definitely want to go in this weekend..very soon. The place is very clean and they sterilize all their equipment. Since I lived in Orange County all my life it was very hard for me to find a nail salon that I am comfortable and happy with because I haven't been in the area for that long. This is definitely my new favorite spot to get my nails done. They do an awesome job! Love love it especially because it's so close.
2	I've been here for three pedicures and just had my gel mani (which I had done elsewhere) removed and a new gel application done. The pedicures are just fine. The massage chairs actually bruised the back of my ribs and the tech's foot massage was average. Where my real complaint comes in is with the gel mani. Tech didn't remove all traces of my old color and the new color is still somewhat sheer, so I can actually see the old paint and anything that gets on the underside of my nail is visible. She didn't ask what shape I wanted and did a very sharp square, the corners of which were rough and snagged on everything. I had to file them myself later that night. I can already tell the paint they use is cheap, as the coverage is bad and it's already wearing off the tips. For regular manis I noticed they carry 'china glaze' which is cheap drugstore polish, I expect quality polish at a salon. Techs rush and one older lady could barely put down her e-cigarette and e-reader to focus on another customers mani. Generally just not the most friendly or dedicated staff.
5	I just got my nails done and I can't stop looking at them! They're soooooo perfectly done. I usually am really picky with how I like my nails and my nail tech (Ging) nailed it. I've been to many other nail salons that claimed they knew how to do hard gel but couldn't deliver on their promise. The atmosphere in the shop is so fun and everyone speaks perfect English. Will definitely be coming back!!!
5	Went in to get my nails cleaned up aka *cough* a manicure. I was a little hesitant on posting about getting my nails done as a guy, but Ging did such a good job on them I had to write a review. While I was there she also did an eyebrow waxing. I left without pain, clean and fresh for Kaskade later in the evening. Highly recommend!
5	I have been going to serene nails for months and would never go anywhere else! I went to Ging when she was a nail tech and someone else owned the salon, now she owns the salon. I get gel on my toes and hands, Ging always takes her time and is very patient and gentle. Everyone there is very friendly and inviting. Serene Nails is the best nail salon in town!Also they have candy and the food network always on!!! lol
1	WORST!!If I could give them NO stars I would. I literally made my yelp because of the HORRIBLE customer service .Never seen a business so DESPERATE for money that they FORCEFULLY TRY TO DAMAGE YOUR NAIL TO CHARGE YOU MORE!!!!!! I go in on a Sunday at 12.. The owner informs me it'll be 30 min. So I patiently wait.I wanted a simple FILL and a simple top coat color .. No gel . Mind you my nails are short and square . Super easy right !?I end up waiting 45 min to get seated in a chair .. Wait another 8 min when the nail tech finally sits down.. I told her what I wanted and that's when her attitude first came.She took a slight look at my CHIPPED nail COLOR and said I needed a "new set" I told her to look again because there was only ONE tiny chip on my left thumb. This was a FRESH set from a week earlier .. She had an attitude because I told her I did NOT need a new set and she was yanking my hands , being so rough.. Huffing and puffing!Then the tech grabs a metal stick to pop off my nail and poked the crap out of my         non-chipped or cracked nail to where I bled. I asked her what she was doing and she huffed and said "YOU NEED A NEW SET!" AFTER  I repeatedly told her I did not need a new set.. My nails again had no holes no chips besides that tiny corner on my thumb. ( she tried to pop one off the opposite hand!)It was as if she was so MONEY HUNGRY that she wanted to get more out of me .. Then the nail tech tells me that she can't do them and starts talking I'm their language!  I grabbed my stuff mid way through my nails and walked out .
2	Sadly, since this place has been under new management, the quality of the work has declined. I've since stopped going. :(
5	Staff was very friendly and Ging was great. My girlfriend came here for a mani and pedi. She was super happy with her nails. Prices are good and Ging always does a great job. Very comfortable enviorment and plenty of parking. Defintely will be returning!
5	Every time I come in to get my gels done, the shop is always clean and well organized. I've been to many around town and most of them are old and the pedicure chairs are dirty. Serene Nails make sure their equipment are always clean and sanitized. Ging is the nail tech who works on my nails and she's always on point with her nail art! On the weekends it gets busy so be sure to book an appointment before heading down and it will definitely be worth it!
5	Walked in without any expectation but an open mind since I have seen so many great art works being done by Ging.I only implied her that I like yellow, and she matched my orange-accent outfit that day and created an upbeat set dancing on my finger tips.Ging is calm and a mind-reader in my opinion. She would use her profession and creativeness with her observation of your preference. She would also asked how the customer like the designs at the all times. Highly recommended. Great design with reasonable prices. Come with the reservation and make sure you have time.Beauty comes with the patience and open minds.
4	I didn't give it a full 5 stars because my experience with my nail tech was not the best.  Felt like she rushed my manicure leaving blotches and nail polish on my skin and didn't have the nicest personality.  Despite that, I still gave it 4 stars because of the friendliness of the owner.  She made us feel welcome and the salon itself is clean.  I would like to one day return and request an appointment with the owner with hopes to gain that extra star!  :)
5	This shop is wonderful, it's a clean and fun environment. G does a great job. I let her get creative with my nail art....and as always they look gorgeous!  I am consistently getting compliments. She also waxes my eyebrows and they are always perfect!
2	Gel mani/pedi = $80. Which in my opinion is way overpriced for subpar service. The massage was mediocre,  the tech lost the polish somewhere between my mani and pedi and shrugged it off, unfortunately she didn't speak English so telling her how I wanted my nails wasn't happening = nails of various length, I think she offered me a water but the only fridge had half eaten food in it so I lost interest and wasn't about to help myself as the wave of her hand suggested. The nice part is I was indirectly told to put my name on a post-it for a drawing to win a free mani.  Sad thing is I wouldn't go back if they paid me. Awe...the joys of trying a new nail salon.  :)
5	Love this place and love having my nails done by Ging , she is awesome, creative and friendly girl !!!
