5	The pizza is good. The staff is friendly. Prices are comparable to other pizza-delivery places. The best advantage to Sal's? They deliver till 4am! Because I work night shift, I often don't think about ordering pizza till after midnight, and that leaves me with only one other option, that I have long since tired of.That would be reason enough to earn my food moneys, but when I was in South Side and stopped in to get a pizza to take home, I was struck by how quick the entire staff was to smile and laugh with the customers who were obvious regulars. I watched them discuss everything from national politics to women in the bar next door, all in the ten short minutes I waited for my delicious and well priced pepperoni pizza.
5	This is authentic NY pizza. $3 a slice... Great dough, delicious ingredients and non-greasy cheese!
4	Sal's is shockingly good for such a dive. I mean, they give Pizza Sola some serious competition in my opinion!Don't be fooled by the dingy interior and decor. A slice at Sal's will put you in pizza heaven, all for $3! These are New-York style slices - in other words, larger than life and all built on a fairly thin crust. I've only ever gotten the cheese here and it's always been fantastic (that's how to judge a good pizzeria, right?). Their twilight hours provide ample room for drunk dining and bad (but delicious) diet decisions. Only downside to that is dealing with the obnoxious clientele at that hour.Sal himself is also super nice, in that New-Yorker-running-a-pizza-shop kind of way. While they could use a bit of housekeeping, their pizza is pretty darn good.
5	Many moons ago, as a recent college graduate, I took up residence in the South Side of Pittsburgh (South 22nd Street to be exact).  I enjoyed many a nights during that time at the plethora of watering holes.  And as I would make my way home I often stopped by a local eatery for a late night snack.  My favorite was DiSalla's, a pizza shop that served up square pizza.  It was by no means the best pizza but it was close to home, cheap and very tasty with alcohol.  DiSalla's, sadly, no longer exists.  Pizza Vesuvio was another pizza place I enjoyed because it was also cheap and had nice big New York slices.  It has since become Pizza Sola and way too expensive.  Enter Sal's Pizzeria.  My first trip was really just a fly-by for a snack on my way to a show at Club Cafe because a friend had told me to try the meat pies.  Yes, for $2 you can get a Jamaican meat pie.  And for $2, it was tasty and hit the spot.  Yesterday I walked in and was told they had just opened so they didn't have pizza ready yet, but that it would be out of the oven in 5-7 minutes.  I was willing to wait.  It's exactly what you'd expect or want when you walk into a place like this - a slice of New York.  Thin crust oozing with sauce and melted cheese as I folded it in half....and for only $2 (plain cheese)!  It might just be the cheapest meal in the South Side.  An unbelievable deal at an unbelievable price.  The guy behind the counter even asked me how it was as I left.  A side of nice with a cheap slice?  I'm hooked.
1	This place is terrible. On St. Patty's Day 2012, I was inside in line waiting to order a Pizza. The cook (not sure if he was the owner or not) picked two fights, with two separate customers, in a matter of 5 minutes.  I caught the tail end of the first fight, where the cook came around from behind the counter, and chased a customer out into the middle of East Carson Street, threatening to kick his ass. The second fight was over a a case of the cook not knowing if a customer paid for a slice or not. The pizza cook was treating both of these customers like Soup Nazi. In both instances vulgarities were used by the cook and were boarder line harassment. I understand at 3:45 in the afternoon, on St Patty's day, people can be drunk and stupid. This cook was so repulsive in his behavior, I decided to leave and not give Sal's my business.
5	Best pizza in South Side hands down! This place really knows how to make a NY style slice! Would highly recommend
5	Stopped here on a Sunday evening for a quick bite to go.  This place is a little divey, but Sal makes it worth the trip.  I am giving 5 stars because the pizza was damn good and Sal.  He was friendly and comical and he puts out a great product.  We had the pepperoni and sausage pizza and the lasagna pizza.  Both were extremely satisfying.  So if you are in the South Side and looking for a late bite of pizza, hit up Sal's.  He's open and you won't be disappointed.
3	I was starving late at night, around 1 AM, and this place bailed me out. There seemed like a consistently replenished and somewhat varied selection. I got two slices of mushroom. It's a real dive but the pizza was actually pretty good. Also, Sal is a character. I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.
1	I went in the Sals Monday night craving a Jamaican beef patty.. I was told that sals is the only place in town that has a great Jamaican beef patty still open in the evening. So I walk in the Sals there's one couple sitting there already eating there food and it looks delicious...now i sit at the front counter for five minutes...only to look at food i want to order and a guy in the back of the kitchen not taking my order...but playing on his cell phone....8 minutes go by and i still didnt get served... I love a great Jamaican beef patty just as much as the next person but terrible service is something I can't respect I wish I could give them zero stars...I walked out with out getting served...
2	This place use to be good. I was just served by a guy that was strung out on heroin (no doubt) and couldn't answer the patron's simple questions.
1	I will never give this place another dime. Went here to buy my son a slice of pizza this evening.  A guy was smoking in the doorway. He happened to be the worker. He asked us what we wanted and without washing his hands grabbed two slices of pizza and handed it to me. When I confronted him about not washing his hands he gave attitude and shrugged his shoulders. I said that was nasty and he didn't make any attempt to apologize. If he doesn't care after being confronted it makes me wonder if he washes his hands after going to the bathroom. This place is unsanitary and not interested in customer satisfaction. AVOID!!!!!
