5	I failed an emission's test so I went to Autostatt based upon a referral from a business associate who works on new VW beetles as a hobby. (My friend tried to help me, but only could partially).  Mike is very straight-forward and honest. Like all great mechanics, he gave me a very reasonable estimate for the repair needed to pass the emissions test (thermometer issue set off a code) and also alerted me to a slow oil leak. He assured me there wasn't any urgency, but that I should monitor it because eventually it could cause damage. I decided to do the repair for that at the same time. Total estimate was $400, but I was nicely surprised to total out at $350 because he was able to do the fixes in less time than he had thought he would. He also showed me the failed parts and explained what they did very succinctly. Good work. I could tell my air conditioning was working better within a few minutes of driving away. I will definitely go to Autostaat for future repairs (my car is 11 years old, so it's just a matter of time). Only tiny issue I had was communication. Everyone is very kind, but it is a small team so there was some back and forth getting the estimate and okaying the work, so be prepared to be a bit patient on that front; however the work they do and the price they do it at definitely makes them worth the small amount of extra communication time.
5	This is an honest shop that is fair. Unlike the VW dealership, they only do what is needed.  Thanks!
5	I am very happy with the service I received from Autostaat, especially from Michael who is the owner of this fine establishment. I own a 2000 Audi S4 since 2002 and I've been deciding whether if it's worth keeping or not. I've had a handful of problems in the past, the S4 and I have a love and hate relationship. Before discovering Autostaat, I took the S4 to a previous euro repair shop. Long story short, I wasn't impressed with their service and what their estimates were, I might as well have taken my car to a dealership. What I should do is actually thank them, the situation forced me to search elsewhere on Yelp and I found Autostaat. I called and spoke with Michael over the phone and we began to exchange emails of what the S4 needed. I provided Michael with the document of the parts and labor estimates (via email), that the previous euro repair shop had documented (fully inspected). The next day he sent me an email with his labor estimates and I was impressed. I showed Michael what I was purchasing from an OEM/Performance German parts website. He confirmed the parts that I was planning to purchase and I finalized the order. I received my parts and scheduled a time to drop my car off to him. I work the daily grind hours from Monday through Fridays, so I asked if I can drop my car off on a Sunday morning. He met with me as scheduled at his shop (which I really appreciated) and he discussed the process of the installation and repair. Michael called me and informed me both Monday and Tuesday what he encountered, without me calling him with a status. He had my car for about two days and by Wednesday, Michael contacted me to let me know that my S4 was ready. I dropped by that evening and he explained in detail what he went through to repair my S4. He took the time to answer all the questions I had of my car and he was very patient with me. I definitely received a lot of insight from him and I respect what he and his shop are all about. Overall, the service, communication, and costs were the best I've ever received from a euro repair shop, since I've owned my S4. If you own a European vehicle and you've been searching for a reliable mechanic in the Glendale area, look no further because Autostaat is there to meet your needs.
5	Thumbs up to Autostaat for having integrity and honesty!!The starter on my daughters car went out over the weekend and I had the car towed to Peoria VW.  Peoria VW told me the starter needed to be replaced and recommended six other items to be repaired.  TOTAL COST (without taxes included):$3760.00.  I had the Rabbit towed to Autostaat and spoke with Mike about the condition of the Rabbit.  Mike had his team look over the car and told me the starter and vacuum pump needed to be fixed.  I told him to change the oil on top of repairing what had to be fixed.  TOTAL COST: $719.73 out the door.My savings: $3040.27Great shop that I will return to in the future.Thanks Autostaat German!!!
