5	When I was in Arizona and needed watch repair I was glad I ran across this store. The staff was friendly and courteous and helped me with any questions or concerns i had.. I felt very comfortable leaving when i left the store knowing my belongings were in good hands. I have since then recommended this to my friends and family in the area. These guys understand what customer service should be - thanks again!
5	Went here after not being thrilled with another watch repair kiosk in p.v. mall. It was easy, quick, cheaper, and friendlier. I like it being a family owned business and the man obviously was seasoned in the watch business, which is comforting!
5	After making few phone calls to compare prices for my diving watch battery replacement, this place offered by far the best price.  While at the shop, the owner was very friendly, the service was fast, and much cheaper than other Jewelry shops would have charged. Great experience, I highly recommend!
5	Got my new watch band fitted in less than 5 minutes for $10. Free lifetime adjustments. Great shop!
5	Awesome, great prices too
5	Replaced two watch batteries in less than 15 minutes. Very professional! So glad to have my cute watches working again! Thanks!!
5	Good price for watch battery repair and super fast!  I stood and waited and it was done in under 2 minutes!
5	Very nice and very fast. They changed my battery and adjusted my bracelet in less than 3 minutes. Not too expensive. 10.99 bracelet adjustment and 15.00 battery change.
5	Best place at the mall for jewelry repair needs. I needed a watch resized and called the places at the mall, and this place offered the cheapest price. They were very nice, professional, and I was in and out in about 5 minutes. This place will be my place for jewelry needs.
1	I took my moms wedding ring to gold touch to have a new diamond put in because she lost it. The lady who helped was great and got the ring done in a half hour but the man who replaced the diamond put a cubic zirconia and charged me for a real diamond!! Went to Kay jewelers and a pawn shop to have the diamond checked due to a weird feeling about the diamond and turned out it wasn't real.  I would not recommend this place to anyone, they charge you for a real diamond and give you a fake. I will never do business with this company ever again and will tell everyone I know about my horrible experience. Advice for anyone who wants to try this place, check your jewelery, especially your diamonds!!!
5	Gold touch is great! They have re-sized rings same day for me. Replaced movements in long forgotten watches. They have done all of this at a fair price and with friendly faces! Thanks Ara!
1	On April 18, 2014 I had called around noon that day to see when they were going to be closing and if the jeweler was going to be there... the lady I spoke to said 9pm. I live in Avondale and thought because of the great reviews I would take the drive to Paradise Valley and get my diamond set in the ring I had just purchased. I had entered the mall around 4pm and the shop was closed. Lights were off, jewelry was covered and gate was down. I couldn't believe it, I had drove all the way over here for them to be closed. I walked around the mall thinking possibly they needed to run out for a bit. I went back an hour later and they were still closed. Definitely call before you head out to this place.
1	Here is the business response: "Would you consider editing your 1-star review from Gold Touch Jewelry?there was a family emergency and I feel it's unfair to do a 1-star review because of that and judge the entire business and work off of an unforeseen circumstance."You acknowledge you were closed and now you don't? I went off the few reviews on your page that recommended me to your shop and this was my experience... I drove and you were closed. If I was a competitor I would say I was and that I was secret shopping. And, I don't need a profile picture of myself to show that I am an honest reviewer.
5	Incredibly fast, and thorough service! I just got engaged, and the ring was a little too small on me. We called a few chain companies in the area and they had a 2-3 day turnaround. We called this location and they said they'd keep the goldsmith there a little late and could resize my ring in 20 minutes if we came now. The ring fits perfect for a great price. Thank you!
4	The experience here was absolutely fantastic. Couldn't be happier with the buying process and the level of service I received from the store. Will definitely recommend moving forward.
