5	My personal laptop just shut off one day and wouldn't start back up (and I was in the middle of work, of course)  so I searched google maps for a local PC repair place, and Cmit came up. I was able to drop of my computer immediately, and within less than an hour they figured out what was wrong with my computer and got it back up in running. They were definitely a lifesaver!  It's great to find a friendly IT place that is competent in what they do!!
4	I have used a lot of differenct personal computer comapnies over the years both at their business and at home services. Cmit Soultions not only provide the best computer services but they don't talk to you like you have two heads or came from another planet when you need help.Their prices are fair and lower than most.Thanks Cmit Solutions
5	Hey, I love these folks! When have you EVER walked into a computer repair place and left you PC with a few problems, picked it up later and been told "you don't owe us anything" and had problems explained and not talked down to or way over your head? These folks are awesome!
5	I took my computer in, unable to tell them my computer was demon possessed. I was talked to like a real grown up, even though my sense of humor leaves some doubt at times. After explaining everything I was quoted a very reasonable price. After I filled out paperwork I wax told they may have to do a data back up, more money. I made my " Pigeon Being Swallowed By a Wookie With Razor Teeth" sound. She smiled and said she'd see if they could do it quickly to make it a little less. The NEXT day she called, said it was ready!  When I arrived she told me the demon came out faster than expected. AND they didn't need to back data at all!  I didn't ask, she just offered! ANC td me if a variant of a problem they couldn't get the demon to do in front of them came back, bring it back and they would fix it with no labor charge! I was VERY impressed all the way around. I will absolutely go back! Especially as I am relatively sure there is a Golem in my iPhone.
