1	Seriously, people. MBFGR is "Mediterranean" food capitalizing on a hokey movie that for some reason some people liked. There's a lot better to be had out there- try Pita Jungle, Flaming Kabob, or Byblos, for examples. I have also eaten once at the Mill avenue location and both places have been a testament to mediocrity-and that's being complimentary. Every server I have had here has been....well, let's just say "special"- or maybe stoned. The food served and what the menu describes are seldom the same. Please, I beg you, avoid this chain and get some real food at a local establishment crafted and served by people who know where Greece is.
2	I had take out from here the other night because I wanted to see what was quick and close around my hood and I ordered some traditional chicken dinner plate. I got inside and was told the bartender had my order and to pay there, so I walked over and 4, yes FOUR people working there were having a conversation about one of the girls traveling or some stupid crap and didn't even look at me to help me for 5 minutes. I'm not ugly, I am actually super cute so I was freaked out by this and said ' oh hey is this where I go to pick up food because it seems like no one is helping me' and they looked over, pissed that I interrupted them. No tip for you, OK here's a penny. Anyways the food was eh nothing special the rice was weird and the steamed veggies were probably frozen earlier that evening. But if you have limited food choices and you live downtown its a viable option I guess.....
2	Man, these things are EVERYWHERE now. WHY?!? Oh right, its the huge crowds of people who are apparently in love with movie-to-restaurant spin-offs. What the hell is going on in this city? Are these things this popular everywhere?Pretty much everything I've ever had is about the blandest Greek food I've ever had at prices that make me sad. The only exception is the Greek fries which you can get as a side to a pita sandwich and will get you through a lunch here if you are coerced into going.This location probably though should have a 3 star rating or so because of its great spot and huge patio by the waterfall action in Arizona Center which draws in large lunching business groups like I am all too frequently in. However, the below average/average Greek food you get here just makes me angry that a better, more unique restaurant isn't taking advantage of this space.
2	I LOVE Greek food.  Love.  I could eat greek/mediterranean food every day and be perfectly happy.  I do NOT love MBFGR.I went to MBFGR for lunch with some of my co-workers.  3 of the 5 of us are vegetarians, and MBFGR has several veggie options.  I chose to have the "regular" sized greek salad.  It was the size of a dinner salad with iceberg lettuce, tomatos, feta, cucumbers, and greek dressing on the side.  It normally comes with onions and red peppers as well, but I didn't want them today.  It was a basic, run o' the mill greek salad, nothing special.  The dressing was good, but not spectacular.  It was definitely not made in-house (it had that egginess that store bought dressings sometimes have).$12 for a side/dinner salad and a drink is too spendy.  It was good, but come on!  I would have rather spent my money on the dry grilled cheese from Tom's Tavern!  My lunch-mates had falafel, the veggie wrap, and a chicken wrap.  All thought the food was good.  Maybe I will order something else next time (but I hope there is no next time.)Don't go here.  Go to Athenian Express instead.  If you are a vegetarian, get a Veggie Pita with a side of fries or a salad, and be happy.
3	I'm not sure why everyone gives this place such terrible reviews, as I find the food here very tasty. The service complaints though, I can understand. It is L-O-U-S-Y! The portions are very generous, and quite inexpensive compared to other Greek establishments. BTW, has anyone found a good Greek place in this city? Much like Sam's Cafe, the patio is the #1 selling point, with the beautiful water features to look at. Overall I like the restaurant, and think the food is pretty decent. I have referred a lot of friends, family, and colleagues here and they always like it as well.
5	I have eaten at this big fat greeks before, and after this mornings hellatious commute in on the 10, I thought maybe I should treat myself to some good food.I sat in the bar area for a quick bite, since it was just me dining alone.  I was greeted by the bartender, who was more then happy to help me. I sat at the hightop tables versus the bar itself, since I had to make a few phone calls on my lunch hour.I actually placed my order before I even sat down with the cute young bartender.  It took a few minutes for him to bring me my drink, but my food came quickly, which I liked. I ordered the spinach dip, was was quite tasty.As I sat on the phone discussing this mornings happenings, the bartender was respectful, and was polite about me being on the phone.  He was attentive, kind and nice.  I liked that.Knowing that this resturant is in a business district, and that a lot of people are on lunch hour, I think they do a good job of keeping things moving quickly.  Theres nothing worse then getting held up on lunch hour due to poor service.I would gladly return to this location.  I do have to say, after eating at the other BFG in Chandler near my house last saturday, I do not have any excitement to write about in this post.   No resturant fires, bad dates, or cute fireman to speak of.  But, never say never, right?
4	We opted for a Saturday night dinner and a movie at the Arizona Center and decided to visit My Big Fat Greek Restaurant.It was remarkably uncrowded for 7pm on a Saturday (Why is it that no one goes to the Arizona Center?).  We were seated right away.  We skipped the patio because, um, it's June in Arizona, and were taken to a 1/2 table 1/2 both towards the back.  We cracked up at the drinks.  Maybe they are generous, or maybe they get tired of refilling, but the glasses were at least 32 ounce.  This was good, but not what we'd expect from this type of restaurant. I'm going to say that the food was good but not terrific.  It should be noted that I wouldn't even know what Greek food is and I ordered the Italian Chicken Parm because when it comes to food, I live on the whatever-is-opposite-of-wild side.The server was personable and prompt.  The food came out in a reasonable amount of time...so truly no complaints here!
2	I adore, love, crave, & dream about good Greek food. That being said, I just don't enjoy My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. (And I really hate when people just call it My Big Fat..how appetizing is that??)My biggest problem is with the pita. I mean, really, you're a Greek restaurant, you should at the VERY least have good pitas. They taste straight out of the store-bought bag. After that, there really is no redemption.The menu is very chain standard, and is good for families with kids and big groups. It's definitely good for people with big appetites because their portion sizes are out of control.There are better restaurants in the area for sure, even better restaurants right there in the AZ Center.
4	So I came to this joint today for lunch with my wife and and a coworker of hers.  I ordered (of course) the Greek Salad with gyro meat on top.  Our waiter's name was Jeff, and he was great.  He introduced himself and also reminded us halfway through our meal of his name again.  If that doesn't show confidence in his work I don't know what does.  He kept our glasses filled, and our food came incredibly fast.My salad was excellent.  I ordered the regular size and it was huge!  God forbid I had ordered the large one, little ethiopian kids would have been cursing my name!  The meat was a little too thin for my liking, but it was good.  Honestly when I ordered the salad and a gyro I expected to get the gyro in sandwich form (inside a pita)... but its coo.  I'm really not one to complain if the food is good.My wife got the veggie wrap and a side greek salad.  It looked good, but I'm not a big wrap person unless its extremely unhealthy.  Like a chipotle chicken wrap at Tacone or something... You know the one.  With the spicy orange mayo throughout it.  Anywho, this place is excellent for lunch.  They get you in and out and the food is worth the price.  I think we ended up paying $22 for both of us.Clean platesGreat servicePleasant buzzDelicious food
4	I had a great experience at this My Big Fat Greek Restaurant location.  My friend and I were in town for the Rock n Roll marathon this weekend and decided to eat here Friday night.  I've had some great Greek food locally and traveled to Greece a couple years ago... I won't say that this was on par with the food I had in Greece.  I will say it was pretty damn good for a chain.  We had the (regular) hummus appetizer and the pita was wonderful - soft, fluffy and totally satisfied my craving!  Oh yeah the hummus was good too.  For the main dish I ordered a chicken pita with a greek salad and a pomegranate mojito, my friend was carbo loading for the marathon so he got some pasta and a raspberry mojito.  The mojitos rocked, though after tasting both, i have to say mine was much better.  My side salad was really good and I gobbled it up before I even touched my pita, when I did though - oh man!  Delish!  The Tzatziki was a little different... more of a blue cheese taste than I'm used to, but nothing that destroyed the overall taste of my food.  Our waitress, Nicole, was EXCELLENT, some of the best service I've had in a long time and the atmosphere at night is great in the Phoenix Center.  No complaints whatsoever!  Overall I was really impressed and would definitely come back to this location if I'm in downtown Phoenix again.
3	this place is decent. i get to-go for dinner a lot when i'm at work since all of downtown phoenix closes at like 3. the athenian spaghetti is awesome, and so is the white pizza. however, you never know what you'll get here. sometimes it completely sucks. i brought my lady here once and her falafels were harder than rocks.also most of the food is way too expensive for what it is. 10 dollars for some spaghetti with a few herbs and some butter? ryan is a great server though.
2	By far, the worst Greek food that I have ever had.  Granted my experiences are based mostly in Chicago (as well as Greece, NYC, etc.) but still!I ordered spicy hummus as an appetizer.  It was neither spicy nor that great of hummus.  It was the second course that made me realize that I was in for a bad meal.  My greek salad was an iceberg lettuce with some feta cheese on top.  It did not taste like a greek salad to me.  My entree, shrimp with vegetable skewers tasted really bland.  I did enjoy sitting al fresco facing the fountain.  It was the best part of the experience.
4	We had dinner here last night. I enjoyed the food, the ambiance and the flaming dishes!!! We dined outside and it was so beautiful under the moon and the flowers smelled really nice.The only thing was, I didn't know what we were having (my cousin told us it was a surprise!) so when the waiter came with the appetizer (Saganaki flambe) and we were busy talking and taking pictures, I was taken by surprise with something going aflame!!! I thought something caught fire!!! I was scared! haha.It was amazing =p I would prefer it if I can it with the flames still burning though. It would be more fun! haha!So we ate the appetizer...I didn't know what it was at first because of the dim lights (we were under the infrared lamp) but it was Greek cheese pan fried with brandy and we ate it with pita. It was a bit salty like all cheeses but it was delicious =)The next one was the Gyro platter. It had spiral thin sliced meat made from a mixture of beef and lamb, a side of roasted vegetables and a creamy sauce (tzatziki) with potatoes. Well I pretty much liked it =p it was good with the pita and rice =)For the finale we had a flaming dessert. galaktobouriko. This time we saw the whole thing! It was amazing! I wonder what they drizzle after they set it on fire??? Anyway, the dessert was really good and looked delicious too!!! It tasted like custard (with bit more grainy texture to it) with vanilla ice cream on top drizzled with caramel sauce.It was really nice coming to such a place once in a while and enjoying your meal with family alfresco style. =)
4	It sang to us its beautiful lullaby before we spotted it- a lovely waterfall at the restaurant's entrance!  It was a little chilly that evening and I had a feeling that Mamang wouldn't be open to dining al fresco, but I asked for patio seating.  When I spotted a few heaters in place, I knew we'd be fine.  What a delightful surprise when we scored a table next to the babbling waterfall we encountered on our way in!  Nervous energy spent over Mamang feeling too chilled outside was wasted; Indeed, she even complained of feeling too warm!  No worries though, as cousin Melissa eagerly swapped places with grandma.We shared flaming saganaki, "award-winning" gyro dinner (consisting of lamb and beef, scrumptious rice, sauteed veggies, and just-perfect lemon-roasted potatoes), side Greek salad, and flaming galaktoboureka (custard baked in crusty phyllo, topped with vanilla ice cream, flamed, then drizzled with caramel sauce) for dessert!  We three over-ate, but no one grumbled.  Mamang had never experienced Greek cuisine before, so this beautiful evening (outdoor dining, ambience- lighted palm trees, waterfall- and tasty food) was a perfect send-off for our gorgeous grandmother, who was homesick living on US soil for the past six months.  She left for Manila yesterday (Monday).  I hope she's happier back home... Mamang, next time you're enjoying a fresh mango shake, I hope you'll think of me!  I'll be there in spirit sipping on another next to you :)1st con: Poor lighting.  Firstly, my eyes can't feast on the beauty that I'm about to savor.  Secondly, photos taken will most likely be ruined.  Thankfully, my cousin's digital cam had better flash.  Please refer to photos above!2nd con: Lackluster service.  Appetizer was served, yet we didn't have any utensils on our table.  Couldn't find our server, so I grabbed three sets from a nearby table.  Also, we almost missed the flame shows of both saganaki AND galaktoboureka.  Cousin and grandma thought something or someone caught on fire, haha (in the event of a body, not so funny); Presenter should've given us warning before setting the cheese on fire.  3rd con: Restroom was in an awful state of disarray.  Counter was wet all over, and the floor was littered with paper.  Total 180 degrees from the awesome ambience experienced on the patio (excluding the poor lighting, of course).
4	This is the only place in the Arizona Center that's worth a visit.  Good solid Greek food, nice hummus plates, delicious lamb chops ... perfect!  They even do a good calzone.  This is my go-to place for a good lunch downtown.
4	I really like eating here.  I have only been for lunch, and I have found that the service is competent and friendly, and the food comes out FAST.  I've probably eaten at MBFGR five or seven times, and the only time I had a problem was on my last visit, where they served me a plate with cold fries.  This was a mistake, as I had a slight hangover and really, really wanted my gyros pita and fries that day, so I asked for fresh fries.  Well, whether it was to apologize or to be sassy I can't say, but either way, I ended up receiving the biggest fattest plate of fresh, hot fries I've ever seen.  They definitely made up for their faux-pas.I'm a huge fan and will be back many, many times.  Opa!
5	I would give My Big Fat Greek Restaurant 4.5 stars if possible, but since I can't, I'm rounding up in this instance.We frequent the location in downtown Phoenix at the Arizona center. The outdoor patio seating is great, it has a nice view of the Arizona center plaza & park, with the calming sounds of the waterfalls right near the patio.For starters, try the Greek fries. They serve a heft plate of french fries topped with a tart lemony sauce and cheeses (including feta). This app is delishhhh.The Happy Hour (4-7pm) specials get my stamp of approval. They offer $3 large beers on tap, including some super good beers like Alaskan Amber. They're worth a visit just for their beer specials.For the main courses, one of our favorite dishes is the pizza salad. You get a plate of warm, toasty pizza crust with a delicious salad thrown on top. The salad is dressed with feta cheese and a tasty balsamic vinaigrette dressing. It is very difficult for me to NOT order the pizza salad when I'm at MBFG restaurant.Another good dish is the Vegetarian Mousaka (http://twitpic.com/46x9h ), however it can be a little bit sweet. The lemon potatoes and lemon rice are very tasty, if you're into lemon flavored sides. Give MBFG restaurant a try, even if it's just for their happy hour beers.
2	Good food, horrible service.  I've been multiple times and often I get my food and then I am ignored until I walk up to the hostess stand ask for my check.
2	My dining companion and I were famished, so we called ahead to place our order and were told it would be ready in approx. 15 mins. We walked from our offices 4 blocks away which took approx. 10 mins., sat at the bar and informed the bartender Ryan, that we had called ahead. IT STILL TOOK AT LEAST AN ADDITIONAL 15 MINS. before we received our food! I think Ryan is the same person who took our order over the phone. Did he not turn it in until we got there?! I hate feeling rushed during the lunch hr. because you spend more time WAITING for your food than EATING it. And we did not order anything difficult. A burger and spaghetti should not take this long to prepare. This is the 3rd and last time I will give this place a chance to do it right.
2	After hearing a lot about all of the MBFGR's that are around the valley, I finally got a chance to go recently as part of a family gathering (which was a planning fiasco and logistical nightmare, but I digress).  This location was, well, let's just say, it wasn't crowded.  And it showed in the service, very nice and attentive.  They were very patient when our party was supposed to be 8 people, then ballooned to 12 people, then 13.  Unfortunately, one of the solutions to accommodate us was to put a couple of square tables 'attached' to our eight person round table.  I *hate* this.  It's just awkward for at least half the people, and then the people that get stuck at the 'junction'...sucks...We ordered some apps, though the only one I tried was the saganaki.  It was definitely good and the pita bread that it came with was nice and warm.  For a meal, I ordered a gyro pita.  Now, I understand that this is a 'full' greek restaurant, and maybe I shouldn't have gone with a gyro, BUT, that's what I was in the mood for, and being a basic greek food, shouldn't be hard to make a good one right?  Well, apparently not.  I've probably gotten gyros at ten places around town, and this was definitely the worst one I've had.  The pita wasn't particularly warm and the meat was kind of tough.  The tzatziki was fine, but thought it was a little weird to be on the side.The service was good and patient, but the lame decision to combine two different kind of tables (when we suggested moving and pushing several squares together) knocks them down a little bit.  Though not as much as the not good gyro.  Probably closed to a 2.5, but rounded down to 2.
2	While out in Arizona for a wedding, my friend and I wandered around downtown Phoenix for something to eat and something to do.  Little did we know that this would be a pretty difficult task.  Who knew that there was so little going on in a downtown area!  Wow - I was blown away at how quiet and boring this place was.  I digress.  After finally having found a small shopping plaza by following a small group of people walking towards something, we decided that this area was going to be our best bet as far as finding something to eat that wasn't fast food.  Well having walked around the small shopping plaza, we stumbled across this place.  More drawn in by the name than anything else, and having recently seen an episode of Bourdain eating shwarma, Greek sounded pretty good to me.  As we walked in, the initial person to greet us seemed occupied with something else and decided that he would just go about doing whatever it was he was doing and leave the seating to someone else.   Well, we stood there for a while and after about a minute or two, another employee came and seated us.  Having taken a long time driving around for something to eat, my friend and I took a quick survey of the menu and quickly decided on our appetizer (feta fries) and our entrees (I had the Gyro plate, my girl had the steak kabobs). While I was not very impressed with much at this place, I will give this place credit for the feta fries.  They were hands down the best part of the meal and possibly the best feta fries I've ever had.  The cheese was delicious and there was a light rosemary based sauce drizzled on top which was just a perfect compliment to the fries and cheese.  Unfortunately, this is where the good part of the meal ended.  Having waited a good half hour after we had already finished our fries, my gyro plate was nothing to write home about - it was your usual fair with somewhat over cooked rice, sauteed vegetables, and way too little pita and tzatziki sauce for the amount of meat.  My friend's steak kabobs were all but inedible - cold and seasoned with entirely way too much salt, the meat was salty to the point that it was borderline bitter.  Poor girl just ate the rice and veggies and left the kabobs all but untouched.  Well, overall, this place did not impressed.  Not only was the food not very good, the service was also pretty terrible.  From the half hour wait for food to the server not even taking notice to the untouched steak, I can't say that I liked this place much.  The only reason I would come back would be for the feta fries...mmm...so good.
4	The Greek Salad, is definitely something to talk about! The dressing on the salad is superb, with the perfect mix of feta, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, and lettuce. The portion sizes are very large. The Gyro sandwhich is delicious, and I tend to get that often. I LOVE how the pita is sooo soft.  My coworkers always tend to get the Aegean Club, which has gyro meat, chicken, and bacon sandwhiched between two pieces of pita bread, with a side of Greek salad. The appetizers are nothing to talk about., save room for your entree. I've been to Greece and the dolmas are a miss. The feta is a miss. The hummus is pretty good but, as I learned in Greece, its not Greek. The flaming feta is great, but it's not real Greek. Lighting cheese on fire, a sight worth seeing if you haven't seen before. Also I highly reccomend sitting outside to enjoy the beautiful Phoenix weather, and seeing the lights border the palm trees! This makes for a perfect relaxing backdrop after a long day at work! This place is a definate go to if you're in the downtown Phoenix area!
1	Dropped in to visit with company I was entertaining from out of state. Greeted by Costa who directed us to the patio and provided menus, but took forever to return to take our order. Placed order for 2 drinks and 3 appetizers. By the time food arrived, drinks were empty. Requested another round. Costa never returned. Had to go looking for him. Found him, he apologized, and STILL took FOREVER to deliver our drinks. In our boredom from waiting so long, we assembled a pyramid out of the appetizer plates. Costa treated us like we were invisible. Always polite enough when finally remembering to himself that we were sitting out on the patio, but inexcusable, horrible service. Had to ask for a bill, then had to hunt him down to pay for it because Costa kept performing the great "disappearing act". Absolutely the WORST service I have ever experienced.
5	I had the hummus trio and it was amazing!
2	Everything about our experience at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant was clouded by the fact that our waitress was IRRITABLE. She took one look at us and was instantly done. I mean, can you blame her? We were 6 well-dressed 30-somethings having a leisurely dinner and drinks before the theatre. (Can you feel my sarcasm??) Sorry about that, but seriously? We were, like, the perfect table that evening. Big fat check at the end of the meal should have equaled big fat tip for her. Let's talk about what WAS good: My martini. I got a dirty martini with blue cheese-stuffed olives. Fabulous. My salad. Here's the thing - I didn't order a salad, nor did my husband, but we got one. It was very good, though. I have no idea if we paid for it or now (I had to run over to the theatre while the group was still finishing drinks and such). You get a ridiculous amount of food here, and it was decently good. I had the Souvlaki dinner with chicken and beef. The meat was really tender and flavorful. I think everyone in my group enjoyed their food - especially those who had a dinner-size greek salad. Even though the food was good, I keep going back to the waitress. My friend asked for a margarita that was just Patron and lime juice, and the drink that came out was glowing like Crystal Lite. My friend said to us, "there's no way this is just lime juice" and the waitress snapped, "It is lime juice." Turns out, guess what? It wasn't just lime juice. It was sweetened lime juice. My friend told the waitress that she couldn't have sugar, to which the waitres replied, "Well, the bartender isn't going to sit there and squeeze a bunch of limes for you." I told my friend, you go over there to the bar, and I'll bet he will! Maybe the next time I visit My Big Fat Greek Restaurant I'll receive better service.
1	Tonight was my last time that I will be going there. New management changed the rules for happy hour. There is no longer a reverse happy hour and skyy drinks are now taken off the list. When I called and asked about the reverse happy hour, I was treated as if the question were insane to ask (when I had previously been there). Additionally, going during regular happy hour, my friend and I ordered strictly happy hour offerings and were not told that Skyy drinks were no longer on there. When we asked the manager why we were not previously informed, we were told they no longer give happy hour menus.
1	Three (more like 6!) strikes, you're out MBFGR! I have given you every opportunity I can think of to correct your mistakes, and you continue to disappoint me every time I visit. Explain to me like I am a 3 yr. old, why, if the place is empty, and servers are standing around looking for something to do, and I am the first guest to arrive, that it should take a 1/2 hr. to prepare a burger? I'll answer my own ?. Because like everything else, you did not pay attention to what you were doing. I ordered a burger, (simplest thing on the menu!) MEDIUM. Not burnt to a crisp with every last drop of flavor charbroiled out of it. Why can't you get this right?! What is the problem? Ask me, I'll show you how to do it, if that's what it's going to take! For crying out loud, this place just cannot seem to get their S*** together! Evidenced by how EMPTY the place remains all throughout the week, even during the lunch hour.
4	Always loved MBFG!Me and my date went here before the Michael Buble concert last night. We arrived about half an hour early from the light rail and were quickly accommodated since the place was pretty empty. The food and drinks were great (we both had a pita (gyro and chicken souvlaki), the hummus trio, greek fries, martinis, and the flaming baklaval -- which is DELISH). Anyways, yes, great food, waitress not so great. She would disappear for long periods of time, but I think there were a few managers on hand who quickly stepped in to take care of us. Will definitely eat here again.
4	Great lunch prices.  Love the flaming saganaki!  And the flaming Baklava makes me cry with delight every time.  Go here...it is great to impress visitors.  : )  Make sure to sit back from the flame.  I have seen it burn one or two before.
3	Decent food, decent price, easy to get take-out.  I ate here  while at a work conference at the Sheraton across the street from the Arizona Center.  The place was almost empty on a Friday night.  I got take out, which they prepared in about 5 minutes, and I was on my way.  The food was good, and got the job done :)
2	This place should be called "My big fat ass after I ate here"  Drinks are served in plastic cups the size of big gulps and the plates are huge.  All entrees come with boiled potatoes, rice and steamed veggies. All are a touch soggy, overcooked and heavily salted for taste.  Typical mass produced side dishes that have no individual care put into them but are surprisingly done OK. I had a Huge portion of Moussaka and it was pretty decent with stacks of potatoes, eggplant and summer squash bathed in a  tomato sauce with plenty of diced onions and peppers all covered in a parm encrusted bechamel sauce.  Conclusion? Lots of so so food for the money. Probably will not come back except for the baklava which was delicious.  If you're in the AZ center for lunch, go to 1130 the restaurant.
5	What a great experience. Great location, great food, and great prices. I ordered the El Greco Calzone and it was massive and delicious. I seriously don't remember the last time I didn't finish all my food but this thing was huge. Between that and a drink my total check was less than $15 before tip. Thanks for fun experience and good grubbin.
2	I have had good experiences with the chains on east and west valley. So I came here with friends for convenience.Not the best experience with the foods. Our hot foods were served cold... as if it's left on the kitchen counter long enough to cool down. One chicken dish was really cold inside the meat, with some pink color... we sent the food back to the kitchen twice.The friendly manager tried to address our concerns. He took time to explain how the foods were prepared at the restaurant during the morning beforehand. Some of us get vouchers to return.My friends returned there to use the voucher, with the same bad experience apparently.Luckily I used mine at the chain in Avondale. No complaint there for me.
2	The only thing I really like about this downtown eatery is the sprawling outside patio. The service and food were definitely sub-par and I doubt I'd ever return for lunch again. For starters, the service was ridiculously slow. I understand that it's downtown and it's crowded at lunch but the servers need to be better at managing the lunch crowd. Lunch crowds order less and need to be in and out and any good restaurant in a business-oriented area will be good at that revolving door model. I mean, it's not like we're waiting for hand-rolled sushi or hand-crafted cocktails here. We simply wanted to place our order in a timely fashion, get our sodas and waters quickly and then have our food come out in a reasonable amount of time. None of those things really happened. I was also super unimpressed with the food. Being a vegetarian who occasionally eats fish, I was immediately drawn to the baba ganoush. I figured I often have falafel and that it would be nice to try something new and a bit heartier. I realize that that dish is supposed to be a bit mushy (sort of like ratatouille), but it was literally soggy and dripping with oil. The rice on the side was also dry and the bechamel sauce was overwhelming and flavorless. It also really turned me off that I couldn't get it on the side because according to the waiter, it was "already mixed in." I'm all for no substitutions or changes, but not when the food's not actually faster as a result. This place is a lot of hype and not a lot of substance and I think your money would be much better spent at more of a hole-in-the-wall Mediterranean joint. If you're feeling like a quick drive down Van Buren, you could even check out Al-Hana, the extremely affordable and delicious eatery inside the Baiz Market.
4	Always happy when a chain restaurant has decent food. First off I thought they might be closed because it was completely dead at the Arizona center. They were open, and yep we were seated right away. They cover the pickiest of eaters who might not want Greek food.  I had the gyro platter and was very impressed. Generous helping of meat, veggies and potatoes. Drinks came in what looked like a half-gallon glass. If the other locations are like this one I would definitely go again.
4	I always come here and to Sam's Cafe when I'm in town for business.  I LOVE this place.  Outdoor seating just like Sam's.  The menu is so diverse with mediterranean food.  I typically get the Gryo pita which never disappoints and is so good and comes with the typical greek salad and also hummus!  I've also gotten the greek salad with calamari or chicken.  Always delicious.  This past time I got the chicken souvlaki which was juicy but for some reason I found it lacking seasoning.  The dolmades were okay, but not that great to rave about.  Same thing with the spanikopita.  Definitely a place to go to when eating downtown.
2	Go here a lot and make it a dinner and movie stop. Service here is always terribly slow! Food is okay at beat but the horrible service ruins the food! Only go if you don't mind waiting forever!
2	Oh dear. I'm going to leave my review at 2 stars because I have had a decent time here, but you guys have GOT to hear this:Some co-workers and I stopped into My Big Fat Greek Restaurant for a quick lunch last Saturday (we were working at the Herberger Festival of the Arts). It also happened to be Jami's birthday, which made the ridiculousness of our meal that much more memorable.OK, we arrive and are seated around 12:30ish. The waitress asks, "Would you like to order drinks?" We reply yes, as we are hot and tired and ready for big glasses of water. She gives us the alcoholic drink menu. "Oh, no ... sorry!" we say, "we want water, please." Jami orders an iced tea, and then I say, "Do you have Coca-Cola?" She says, "Yes, you want a Coke?" "Yes, please. But I want water also.""So, half and half?""Yes. No! Wait - I would like one glass of water and one separate glass of Coke." Did that just happen?Our drinks arrive, and my Coke does not taste right. We don't think it's diet, but something just isn't right. We flag down another waitress and tell her about the funky Coke. I ask, "Can you maybe taste the regular Coke to see if it's something with the machine?" She says, "I don't really know the difference, so I don't know how much help I'll be, but I'll get you another."She returns with a fresh Coke, and I take a sip. The table erupts with laughter based on my facial expression. It is not good. She says, "Yeah, I tasted it and it didn't taste right." So she brought it to me anyway?She starts to leave, and I say, "Um, can I get something else - a Mr. Pibb?" "You want something else?""Well, I want SOMETHING."The new drink arrives, and it's fine. Whew.We order our lunch, and there is some confusion over whether or not Jami and I are sharing because we happen to be ordering the same dish. I have to explain, "I would like my own personal order of the falafel pita." Lillian orders a calzone.She's excited for something gooey and cheesy. When she orders, Lil actually points to the item she is ordering. "I"ll have the Mediterranean calzone, but without pepperoni." Our food arrives, and the waitress is carrying a pizza. Uh oh. "Oh, I, um, wanted a calzone."The waitress stares. "This is what you ordered, see?" and she holds up her notepad. "No pepperoni.""No .... I ordered a calzone, not a pizza.""It's the same thing," she says. "Just fold it over."Jami and I individually examine our falafel. There is no tzatziki  sauce, and we flag down another waitress who immediately gets it for us.  Now, I've had the falafel here, and it's been good before, but on this particular day it was as hard as a rock. Really. It was nearly impossible to stab it with a fork. I ate my fries. Jami started pounding one of her falafel disks on her plate, and it sounded like the falafel was ceramic. The waitress came over to ask us if everything was ok, and I said, "Actually, the falafel is really overcooked. You might want to tell the kitchen. I've had it here before, and this is really inedible." "Do you want something else?" "No, thanks" I was filling up on fries and eating the pita. Really healthy, I know.She left and then returned and said, "I asked and they said you have to crumble it in your hands." We almost burst out laughing.We chatted about how crazy it was that it was Jami's birthday and we were having this ridiculously bad lunch. The waitress came back to ask us how things were, and Jami said, "Fabulous!" We were hysterical. At least now we have a fun story, and a new office catch-phrase. When something's not quite right, we'll say, "Just fold it over."
2	Here for conference.  Convenient location, attractive setting. Service was fine (not exceptional). Calamari and Greek fries a virtual sodium fest. Saganaki was good. Three humus platter a disappointment - they only had one flavor left. Over charged us, we had to have the bill corrected.
4	I love Greek food, having spent 10 days in Crete and Greece a few years ago, where I experienced the real thing.  I only ate here once while attending a nearby conference.  I decided to stick with a gyro rather than something a bit more exotic. If I came for dinner I would be more adventurous.Let me say, I love gyros, even though they're a bit different in the states than in Greece, where they often put French fries in the middle. I realize that in many ways gyros are to Greek food what Taco Bell is to Sonoran cuisine; still they beat most lunch fare and all fast food, in my opinion.MBFGR's gyro was excellent. The pita flatbread was thick and chewy and was piled high with thick slices of spicy meat. There was too little tzatziki (on the side) in my opinion, but I love the stuff and that's my issue.  Fries were thin and crispy.The setting is beautiful, near an open plaza with a fountain. In October the temperature was just right. I imagine that in July it might be a wee bit toasty sitting outdoors.Service was quick, even though they were quite busy with the lunch crowd. Great lunch under $10 plus tip.
4	I really enjoyed the gyro pita and I thought it was a deal at $12 for a pita, fries, and a small greek salad.  The food was brought out promptly, and was well seasoned.
2	Appetizer platter was large and tasty.The galaktoboureko dessert was not good.Although the chef is apparently Greek, he/she has made lots of compromises.  Or did not pay attention to his Yaya.Service was super friendly.
5	Was very good. Waiter was excellent!
1	If this is the one in the Phoenix Center, I would like to say that while the food was good and the atmosphere great (my first time going to the center) we were stuck with perhaps the worst waitress there. Though she was more than happy take our order for appetizers and drinks... once we said we are not sure about eatting dinner yet... she promptly took order and not until almost an hour later, brought our bill only because I asked th hostess. We watched as she chatted with other tables and visited them often, we were ignored. I had to ask the hostess for the waters that were to be brought to us and eventually the check.  The manager came over as my guest had to ask him for more pitas. Overall for not even a busy night, her service was deplorable. I would NOT be going back there but rather the Scottsdale and Tempe offices are a much better choice and awesome service.   Goes to show one, don't mention you want appetizers and drinks and will decide on dinner later... you will get substandard service. For what could have been a few extra drinks, dinner and desserts and a hefty tip for the waitress...we left having only one drink each and shared two appetizers... the hostess who was awesome got the good tip. Only wishes I would have gotten the name of the bad one. :)
4	place was very good. The food is good the service was amazing.  Flaming feta Opa!  Finished with the NY chocolate cake, so good. Advertises on http://www.restaurant.com/ Paid $27 after tip for $50 worth of food!
4	I work nearby and love going here for lunch or for a quick bite at the end of the day.  Now, I haven't eaten that much Greek food in my days but this food is awesome.  The hummus and the flaming cheese appetizers are delicious and fun for the table.  The gyro platter and souvlaki pita are delicious as well.  The best part for me was the passion fruit iced tea which is served in huge cups with unlimited refills.  Can't beat that!All in all, large portions, good food, mostly friendly waitstaff (one or two surly peeps but isn't there always?!)  Go check it out - you won't be disappointed!
2	The falafel here was a Big Fat Greek disappointment.  They were dry and flavorless and the pita lacked any real frills.We were here with a large group which they accommodated quite well and our split checks did have a 18% auto grad on them. The menu has many meat free options, but I felt it was my duty to review every falafel in town, and at $7 with salad or fries it was one of the better values on the menu. My plate came with three large falafel patties inside a peta (its not pita here) with a side of taziki and a small "Greek" salad on the side. While the falafel was large, it was hard to eat with out breaking it up, and it was terribly dry and devoid of much flavor.In summary go somewhere else unless you have a large group and need consistent mediocrity of a big chain.
3	Love the food, service is mixed.  We were promptly greeted, it seemed busy for  a Sunday night.  Once we got our drinks however and stated we needed a few minutes, one was two, two was three, three was fifteen minutes later so that was a little annoying.  I wanted something new so I ordered the Athenian sphagetti and I added gyo meat with it and had their salad.  We also ordered the hummus trio.  The food was awesome.  My spaghetti was great and I'm not much of a pasta person but my choice with the add on was perfect.  I think if the place hadn't been so unexpectedly busy on a Sunday the service would have been a bit quicker.  I won't hold it agaisnt them as it is hard to find a greek food place open on Sunday.  I'll be back.
4	Gyro pita/fries: $7. I always drink a lot of tea/water/whatever, so the large drink glasses are a plus right away. Huge outdoor seating area, subtle Minoan reference in decor and symbolism is very nice. The Gyro was a tad dry, but overall good. Service fast and courteous.
5	We are in town for the weekend and found this place at Arizona Center.  The food was SO GOOD!  We had the Village Hummus plate and the Pizza Salad.  The staff was friendly and attentive as well.  I highly recommend it :-)
5	Great service and amazing food. Had the hummus trio with chicken cucumber added plus a couple glasses of the house Cab - delicious!!!!  Also, had the Greek fries and could have done without them but they were still good.
2	I really didn't want to put just one star so I relented and gave it 2 stars.  We were in Phoenix getting together with some friends who were there on a business trip..  So somehow we wound up at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant downtown Phoenix.  We live in Tucson and I heard that this chain in just fair.  But majority ruled.  There was a reason I didn't want to go, it was pretty bad.  I had the gyro.  Hard to mess that up, but they sure knew how.  Tasteless and dry.  Hubby had the mousakka  and some very spicy potatoes.  Save your money and skip this one.  I guess a lot of people may not know what good Greek food is like.  Best to try a non chain place.   When we come up to Phoenix we usually go to Phoencia in Tempe.  Now that's good. Sorry guys, I don't like to nix restaurants, but just want to let you know all the facts.
3	I don't know what to make of this place.  I think people in Phoenix, especially in this area, have lost the common sense and therefore customer service gene.  On one hand, they asked our large party if we wanted to split our bills for each person.  Guess they're used to it with business parties and what not.  So that was cool.  Every single other person was a dickhead though.  Ah well. They get points for good tzatziki and pita.  I ordered pastitio.  WHY DO YOU MESS UP PERFECTLY GOOD PASTITIO WITH TOMATO SAUCE JUST NO NO NO NO!  No.  Ok?  Got it?  Good.  The gyro platter looked very good.  That's about it.
4	Good gyro meat. Tzatziki is good.
2	Incompetent staff. Medicore food. Not impressed enough to write much other than that you should go elsewhere.
4	The restaurant is hidden back from the road, along with a few others, and what appeared to be a deserted theater the night we were there. It was a Tuesday night, so the restaurant was pretty dead and quiet for the most part.Our server was excellent. He was very attentive and friendly. When we asked to start with a hummus appetizer, he recommended that we opt for the happy hour special they were having for three samplers of hummus for the same price. This gets him a gold star in my book! Three hummus flavors for the price of one!We ordered sangria, as well. It was decent, by no means the best I've ever had, but you do get around 2 to 2.5 glasses for $6 - a great value.I ordered the gyro burger, sans gyro meat (lambs are for being cute, not for eating!).At this point, the tzatziki sauce was really what made it a "Greek" burger. The tzatiki sauce was good; the burger was just so-so, and that may be my fault for removing one of the main ingredients. My friend had the falafel sandwich, and enjoyed that.We were also able to dine outside on their patio, which has fans. After being in a hotel in sub-zero temperatures all day, it felt nice to sit in 80-90 degree dry heat for a little bit. Overall, the food was pretty good, and it was nice to eat some Greek food on a trip, rather than the usual Mexican places.
4	3 stars for food and 1 star for an excellent waiter.This place is right across the street from my work so I took my parents who were visiting.  Not sure how accurate this review is on "Greek"  food since none of us had actual Greek food.  My dad had a salmon salad, my mom had the daily special of tilapia fish tacos (Mexican), and I had cochinita pibil (Mexican) which was also a special.  The cochinta pibil was ok.  My mom's fish tacos were better.  But of course, seeing as how we all didn't get an actual greek dish, this should be taken with a grain of salt.  The service was very good - we had Isaiah for our waiter.  My dad liked that he explained everything thoroughly and didn't rush through his explanation.  He was calm and attentive at all times.  Great demeanor as my dad said.  Even the rest of the wait staff was good since they always made sure we had our glasses filled and were great about taking the plates away.
2	On my first visit to Phoenix, this restaurant was across from my hotel.  At first I was skeptical: would Greek food in the southwest be any good? Then I told myself I was being unfair to Phoenix and decided to give it a try.  I should have listened to my gut. For a restaurant with "Greek" in the title, I'm amazed at just how bad the "Greek" food was.  I tried both the moussaka and the pastitsio, and both were completely underwhelming.  First of all, both were topped with Italian-style tomato sauce and Parmesan.  No sign of the bechamel that is supposed to be atop the pastitsio (even says it on the menu!).  The "macaroni" filling was actually giant pieces of penne, and there was no hint of Greek spice anywhere.  The moussaka was even worse: same Italian sauce and cheese on top, but filled with what appeared to be peelings from zucchini and eggplant, all rather al dente.  I sent it back.  The pita wedges and the hummus on the appetizer plate were very good and the best thing I ate.  Service and management were both quite good; they kept my water filled and offered to bring me something else for free when it became clear I wasn't happy with my food.  I won't be back.
1	Horrible. The water we got was clearly unfiltered tap water. The gyro was cold, my daughter's fried fish was still frozen inside. We gave it back and they brought the same cut apart piece back after frying it again. Of course it was overcooked, dry and hard now. The chicken soup was sour from too much vinegar (who puts vinegar in chicken soup anyways?). Eventually they counted my son, who is less than a year old and only eats his baby food as the sixth guest and therefore added 18% gratuity to the check for this bad service.Never again.
2	This place is pretty good service beautiful sitting outside by the fountain in the middle of him downtown Arizona center very delicious.
5	Great food & service. Tried the Gyro and love it. Great Patio!
3	Great atmosphere outside on patio with fountains. Service can be slow at times. Souvlaki was not best as eggplant undercooked. Gyro plate was GREAT! And hummus and flaming cheese was tasty.
2	In all fairness, I went to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant with a large group and was offered a limited menu. However, regardless of the menu and size of the group, I think restaurants should prepare better food than I was served.The setting is very nice - we sat outside near beautifully lit, tall trees. Though the evening was cool, the heaters kept us toasty warm.We started with a selection of appetizers, including their famous flaming cheese, the presentation of which is a lot of fun. The tzatziki was fresh and light, the hummus was tasty and the brushetta was crisp. The disappointment came when entrees were served. We were served skewers of chicken and thinly sliced beef, both of which were salted to the point where we couldn't taste the meat. The vegetables were almost as salty, though I was able to get through them. I left my meat on the plate, making polite excuses for not eating it. The desserts obviously weren't made in-house, and were fine though nothing special.In general, I was disappointed int he food I found in downtown Phoenix - this restaurant was no exception.
2	Visited with my sister while I was in town. Waitress was forgetful, kept having to ask her to bring stuff we asked for when we ordered. Regular Greek salad had one olive in the entire salad. Greek fries were good but arrived a little lukewarm. Lots of loud seniors in the place but that wasn't ass annoying as having one olive in my salad.
3	It's basically the best you can do in the (pathetic) Arizona Center. It's a touch expensive, but then again, you're at the Arizona Center. Flaming cheese is always fun and the servers are nice guys. Wine is overpriced, but you do get a lot of food with the entrees. I like the shrimp appetizer while the gyro is pretty solid too.
4	Other than having a great name, this restaurant was a welcome relief to the sea of Bar & Grill Restaurants in downtown Phoenix. The place has a nice feel to it and the outdoor patio is great. We went there twice while visiting Phoenix and the service both times was excellent. The best thing about this place was the amazing and freshly made Bruschetta! I had it both times :-)  I also had the Caprese Salad, which was fresh and had a wonderful tangy dressing. My daughter had the Athenian Spaghetti, which she thought was 5 stars all on its own. So you may be wondering; why only four stars? Well I dropped it a star for the limited vegetarian options and the lack of felafels on the menu. Overall, great option for downtown Phoenix.
4	This restaurant definitely has a nice selection of food to choose. The food taste good and really delicious. Really worth every penny for the quality of the food you get here. This place has a nice ambience which really makes it good for fine dining. The service was okay, no problems whatsoever. Although it might need a little improvement in that area. Still a worthy place to go to. I recommend this restaurant.
5	Walked here for lunch with a coworker who happens to be a vegetarian.  We both had the lunch special falafel pita with salad.  Deelish!!! Very good portion for lunch.  My friend said falafel was ok-  a bit undercooked since it was made as a big ball.  She did like it overall.  It was my first time having it and I thought it was good.  Worth the walk and I will come back for this same selection ;)
3	This restaurant offered a variety of foods but  I didn't feel that "Greek" necessarily represented the whole menu. Food was okay. Nothing to rave about. Service was good. Again, nothing to rave about. I'm not sure I would make a point to go back.
4	My Big Fat Greek Restaurant in Burbank closed down, so I was happy to see this in Phoenix.  Serving portions are huge and prices are reasonable.Gyro was a bit dry, but the flavor was spot on.  I took my girl here for dinner.  Our server checked on us often and water glasses were always well attended.
4	Not bad at all. Large place with tons of indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor patio area opens up to the shopping plaza with water fountains, trees, and birds ever-present. Quite the ambiance for a nice meal with friends or colleagues. What do birds, water, and trees all sound like together? Well listen below and you'll know.[tweet tweet, rush, & sway]I ordered the Gyros Platter (see photo) and it was very good. Meat was excellent and not too salty. I'm picky about my meat not being salty and braced myself when the plate arrived. It did not disappoint. Friendly, upbeat servers and a nice atmosphere. If I lived local, I'd be back. Will have to catch it again on my next visit.
4	Came for happy hour in a whim with a group of six. Sat on the patio, which is huge and actually really pretty with all the lights on the palm trees. Three of us ended up with drinks that were not on the happy hour menu- mojitos. Oh gosh they're so worth it and not even expensive though, only $7.50! I've had cocktails for $11 that were just not as good.  We literally ordered everything on the happy hour menu, only $4 a plate. The flaming cheese is a must. It's lit on fire table side and pretty fun to look at. But seriously, it's gooey, a little salty and crispy and just amazing spread over a little warm pita bread.The hummus was good, calamari was great (albeit a little salty but it was perfect with a little alcohol) but the portion was pretty small. Mini pizzas are good, the white and the greco are probably the yummiest two. Good environment, good food, I'd definitely go again. The split check was hilarious to look at for six people though- 67 cents for each happy hour plate per person. So down.
2	This restaurant is within walking distance of my office and could easily be my "go to" place for lunch. The menu has a good variety and they serve quickly. It's a bit noisy outdoors so I opt for an indoor table where I can have a conversation with my lunch partners.Yesterday I ordered a shrimp-salmon salad with dressing on the side and no red onions. The server was friendly and completed my order exactly the way I asked for it. My first bite of salad was GAK. I then proceeded to dissect the dish and found that in the lettuce mix they were using for the salad, one variety had spoiled. We're not talking wilted lettuce. I'm talking about slimy black leaves throughout the dish. I picked it apart so that I could show someone.Unfortunately, the server didn't return. Later (40 minutes), the busboy came to take my dish and I said that I wanted to keep it to show it to someone. Then the manager came over and I explained that the lettuce appeared to have gone bad. He gave a nice apology but didn't offer to bring me a different dish. The bill arrived in the next few moments and had a $4 deduction. While I appreciate the effort, by bringing this to his attention, I no doubt allowed him to fix the problem for the remaining customers and probably saved him a few more $4 rebates. I think the place could be more generous with their service recovery.They're off my list for a while.
4	The inside is very well air conditioned to slightly freezing. We opted to sit outside in the shade. In 90 degree weather it was still very pleasant. Our server was attentive and thoughtful,  offering double vegetables to my gyro platter when I refused the potatoes and rice. The gyro meat was about 8 or nine ounces.  Ask for more dressing. It is nowhere near enough, and addicting!  Grin. Our server pleasantly split the cost of the appetizer between the two of us. Definitely earning repeat business!
4	Can here after a movie.  It was clean, and quiet. We ordered and we were very pleased with the service and food. I would recommend it.
2	In AZ on business.  Pleasant atmosphere, friendly and helpful wait staff.  Food was just okay.  Salad had too much oregano.  Ordered the souvlakis (shrimp and lamp).  Lamb was quite good, but shrimp, despite being recommended by our server, was overcooked and stale.  Roasted potatoes and vegetables were average.  Few gluten free desserts.  Probably wouldn't come here again.
4	Tried this place out twice during lunch time while at a conference across the street. Had the gyro lunch plate one day...it was yummy! And at $7, it was a bargain. Had the pork souvlaki the next day...it was good, but not great. Meat was a little tough and cut up in big chunks. Fries were nice and crunchy. I would love to try the Meat Lovers Pizza and the Big Fat Greek Burger. Guess that means I'll be back...
5	Came in with a group of 8 and ordered some pizzas to split as well as a few other meals. My sister and I shared a sausage pizza with Alfredo and it went beyond our expectations. The sausage was very obviously made in store which made it ten times better. Our waiter was very friendly as well.
5	My mother and I stopped in for their happy hour saganaki and it was delicious. And it was quick service and they were kind and just wow! Next we shared the prime rib French dip and it came out quick and since we told him we were sharing it the food came out on two plates with the same amount of food for the price of one! We were both really full and will love coming back here!
5	Recently there for the 2nd annual Origami Owl convention Grow 02.  We had our "Pink Owls" dinner here.  Loved the atmosphere, the food, and staff!  Perfect location, and the ambience was great.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for an authentic Greek experience.
4	My daughter and I stopped here before the Diamond Backs v Padres game on August 22, 2014.  We ordered the gyro pita for $7 each, which came with a healthy portion of salad.  The gyro meat was a bit dry-not as fresh I would have liked.  But it was still good.Price was perfect for a quick lunch.  Service was prompt.
4	Easily accessible for downtown and everything you would expect out of a quality Greek dining experience! Great gyros!
4	Came here on a weekday afternoon and found the place to be pretty empty even though it was prime lunch time. I ordered the salmon which was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. The service was good too and the ambiance was casual. It was a bit pricey for the quality of food we got.
3	OMPAI want to start this review off on a positive note.  The staff at My Big Fat Greek Restaurant are friendly, accommodating, and engaging  without being intrusive. My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is the perfect place for large parties, the outside patios are spacious, perfect as the  summer nights start to cool off.Today we were celebrating my Co-workers birthday.  She had the Greek Burger and my friend and I had the French Dip.  I can  honestly say that the food was ok, but not special. I would even say that the menu is a little overprized as most of the dishes are over 10 Dollars.  Maybe next time I will try a Greek dish a d see what that taste like.
2	We have enjoyed good meals in the past but my last big greek salad was a disappointment.  Only 1 olive and little if any feta cheese.  We mentioned this to our server but. ".... that's the way it is."  A $11 head of lettuce.   I will not order it again ...too bad it was one of my favorites. I will be looking for a new restaurant.
4	Delicious food!! Authentic yummy Greek cuisine! We had a hummus dip sampler with pita, Greek pasta with mizhitra cheese and grilled salmon, gyro plate baklava and everything was delicious. Some vegetarian options to chose from. Prices were very reasonable and the atmosphere was great. Staff was not the best, service was not that helpful, below average, but the food was quick to come out. Don't have high expectations for service but I will go back because the food was great. Just be patient with the staff.
1	I was with a big group of people. And the restaurant was busy, but it took literally a whole hour for her to get me my check.
3	Well it's not all Greek to me...I have been to this restaurant twice. This place has great staff, good environment and reasonable prices. The food is good but just not great. It does not quite have the authentic home town feel authentic Greek food can have. The food feels slightly "canned". It's good- but feels more like a great Olive Garden as apposed to an authentic cuisine. The first time I was here it was not a great experience. The second time I enjoyed but was not blown away.
5	Everything was delicious however their Greek lemon chicken soup was the best I've ever had. Amazing!!!
4	I went to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant last week for my birthday, as a return customer never disapointed, it feels good to see familiar waiters' faces. Go there and have fun. Nice decor, great food and music, very romantic, relax and take your time to enjoy your wine. My Big Fat Greek Restaurant has a selected wine list and also special chocolate and cheese menu. I'll definetely go back.
4	After a long day walking the High Line, we stumbled across My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. This busy venue was kicking so we joined a small queue and 15 minutes later we are enjoying their outstanding burgers washed down with a cool beer. A great oasis.
5	We had vegetarian spanokopita (spinach pie) and vegetarian moussaka. Both were excellent. Pretty deck but too cold out. Nice atmosphere. Lots of seating. Not fond of partially cooked squash, carrots and broccoli that came on side but potatoes great!
2	This has a super cool patio overlooking some of the larger building downtown, but also the fountains and trees of the area.  The crowd was a mixture of youth (high school) and families the night I visited. Our server was ok, but seemed annoyed when we asked for things. The flaming cheese was worth the other issues.  Nom Nom Nom.
