5	Very easy to deal with, I did research and they do pay the highest in town.  Another place was going to pay me a 10K price for dental gold, where Rick paid for 18K.  Very honest, friendly, and fun shop to look around in.  I will go back, even to buy jewelry.
5	From the outside, you'd never guess how much this place holds. It's a modern-day Olde Curiosity Shop. I could spend hours just looking at stuff, and they have several unique and functional pieces I plan to add to my collection over the next year or so! Prices are fair, staff and management exceptional and friendly, it's a great little Willy St shop.
5	Love Ricks. He has a great selection and saves antique jewelry! If you are planning to look at pawn shops for antiques or jewelry definitely stop in to Ricks. Just beware that Rick does have a slightly condescending personality but he's really a sweetheart. Planning on buying my engagement ring here that is original from the 30s. Can't wait! Excellent prices, like a ring with over a carat for under 2K excellent.
5	Yeah, so I've lived in Madison for 13 years now. I've been to Lazy Jane's and the Willy St. co-op more times than I can count, but when it comes to the smaller shops on Williamson St. I never have really taken the time to stop in. I guess I felt like I needed a reason! Well, last week I had a reason to stop into Rick's Olde Gold, located across the street from St. Vinny's.  I had picked up a copper antique in Door County and wanted to know if it was possible to get it polished up because I was giving it as a gift to someone.  I love a good thrift store, and I had never thought of Rick's as such, but I will now! There are so many interesting items in that shop, not just antique or pre-owned jewelry, but antiques, funky art pieces, and other random objects of intrensic value. I stopped in on a busy day (the appraiser was in) so at first I felt like I may be in the way, but once I got someone's attention I was able to ask if they might have a way to help me out. I was told they were busy but they'd do their best to get around to it. I asked them how much money I should bring back with me when I picked it up and Rick said it'd be on the house because he didn't get around to helping me right away when I came in! Uh, awesome! Guess you don't have to be at a big box store to find great customer service, and, my gift looked AWESOME! (Way nicer than the $15 I had paid for it!)Looking forward to the next time I'm in the neighborhood, never know what I'll discover next.
