4	Via Roma is a authentic Italian Restaurant. Its is owned by Italians, and actually Italians cook there. Its is a Family operated business.It's a great place for a date, so bring your special person to enjoy a great atmosphere, in a cosy/romantic wonderland.The Pasta and Pizza, is a great touch to your evening.
4	My instinct is to yearn for this place to survive and thrive, it's got so much going for it that every time I walk by I quote the song and: "say a little prayer for you." It's just a little further north on St Laurent than the other Italian restaurants of the same size in Little Italy, and I think that means that the few tourists who come through our tiny Petite Italie generally don't make it. But that's a shame - the food quality is the same if not better, and the ambiance, especially on a summer eve, is lovely. The entire front section of the restaurant - storefront and ceiling - is windows that open to leave nothing between you and the starry sky but thick green vines and white fairy lights. J'adore.If there was a more basic anti-pasto appetizer on the menu I'd eat here more often - you know, a mix of cured meats, cheeses, olives etc - because I could eat this every day, and because the menu is otherwise quite dominated by pizza and pasta.The ambiance is so pretty it does seem a shame to have that giant TV in the middle of the space - personally I think Via Roma is so romantic and yet unpretentious and classy they would do better to remove the TV, or use it exhibit video art, and focus on drawing people in with events like wine tastings, pizza and pasta lessons, Italian folk music, but hey, maybe that's just me.
1	The service here is the worst, we had a group of 30 people in the empty restaurant and I asked to move some tables together and they said no that's impossible.  Then after waiting 45 min for our food I got the wrong pizza and went to give it back, the waitress then wanted to give me the half already eaten pizza which was sent to another customer to me.  She then started to argue that she saw nothing wrong with it, we all thought that was gross and crazy.... I cancelled my order because I did not want someone Else's half eaten pizza! ewww!From those who did have the pizza said it was hard and had no taste!
5	This place was amazing and the staff was so friendly! They even made items for us that we're not on their menu! I highly recommend this place!
