4	The ownership of the company has changed about 4x since getting this service over five years ago. The service is very good- at less than $40 a month, we have round the clock monitoring and if the alarm is tripped, security is dispatched (at no additional charge), to check the home's status. It's worth having that peace of mind. The alarm is very loud- I'm sure our neighbors hear it, I know some dogs hear it, because there is barking shortly thereafter. Sometimes we forget about the alarm being on, and then minutes later, we get a phone call to see if we are alright. It is advised to test the system once a month. Just call the center and they will walk you through it. I would highly recommend this service.We also use this company at one of our office locations. If we are having some work done (swamp coolers), I call the center to place the system on "test" mode for a few hours. It's very easy dealing with them- the operators are always very nice and pleasant on the telephone.
1	This service doesn't work with anything but a hardwired landline or you have to upgrade your service to $55/month and pay for new equipment. I tried to cancel the contract I signed with a different company 12 years ago which they bought out & coincidently had automatically renewed for another 3 years just 2 weeks ago.  They did me" the favor" of only charging me a 3 month penalty for cancelling a service that was unable to be monitored anymore by protection 1. Switched to ADT for free & lowered my monthly payment by $10 a month.
1	Worst alarm company ever. My house was broken into, and the alarm didn't even go off!!! The burglarers were able to disarm it by shutting off the breaker on the side of my house. In addition, I had cameras installed in my house. They didn't even record as they are supposed to!!! I had tech out at my house several times, the cameras STILL don't work! company refused to give my a refund... MALFUNCTIONING EQUIPMENT  is NOT what I'm paying for! Had to get a lawyer and sue... so ridiculous!
5	Needed a CCTV system put in, their quote was way more competitive than anyone else.  The initial install didn't go as planned, my buildings weren't laid out the way the builder told me if would be.  Last 2 camera install had to be rescheduled.Lawrence (salesman), and Steve (install tech), were very willing to work with me as I got them in contact with the builder.  Especially considering I had prior plans to be out of town for 2 weeks.  We'll continue where we left off when I get back, and I'll update this at completion of job.  But so far they've been nothing but professional.*Update, install techs met with builder, camera install was finished, and setup for remote viewing.  Had some issues remote viewing on a few PCs, but figured out the issues.  Everything working as it should.
