1	I've been here twice and had the same experience both times. The bartenders look like they don't want to be here, or make any drinks. Drinks are overpriced. The bartender didn't know what a mojito was. DJs don't know how to mix (and are indecisive on what kind of genre they want to play). Sound quality isn't too good. Drunk guy spilled his drink on my friend. Perverts trying to grab you. Otherwise, nice ambiance (fire, lighting, waterfalls, girls dancing above you in cages) and lots of seating. For the cover price of $25 (sometimes $20 if they're in the mood), it's not worth it.
5	I guess no one else likes this place but there is a reason why this is the highest-grossing club in Las Vegas which is a city fileld with packed clubs. I would say that the drinks are a little pricey and sometimes the crowd can be a little too thugey... but the decor is great, the cover is decent for similiar clubs and more nights than not this is a great place to put the right shoes on and cut it up!
1	RUMJUNGLE SUCKS....the music and show are nice but the attitude of the bartenders, bouncers and wait staff negate the entire experience....expect to only have a decent time here if you are willing to hand over $500 for a seat in a roped off bare tabled area.  You would be better off spending your money at RAIN at The Palms.
2	Tourist trap! The decor and ambience of the club is pretty cool but other than that this place is nothing special.
1	Decent enough place. Okay Hiphop music but terrible terrible bartenders. I had the worst gin and tonic ever. Oh, and if you're a hotel guest, you can jump the lineup. just show your key.
5	I had dinner at Rum Jungle when I was in Vegas and it had to be the absolute best meal I have ever had in my life! The meal was not cheap, but worth every penny I spent! I was able to purchase a bottle of Ice Wine, which is hard to find....
2	The male scans over the females on the dancefloor looking for his perfect mate.His eyes lock onto his target.  He approaches his potential mate cautiously.  Casually, he walks toward her general area and begins his mating dance.  He dangles his lanky arms and legs, writhing to a rhythm found not in the top 40 hits being played, but only in his head....and in his heart.  He draws nearer but makes no move to communicate verbally to his love.  He is certain that she (as his true love) can SENSE and FEEL the MUTUAL connection they have.The window of opportunity is open and the male jumps through it!  He grabs the female around the waist, pulling her closer to him.  He wants to show her how "manly" he truly is.  But wait! What's this?!  She pulls away from him, gives him a nasty look and stomps away to the protection of the other females.  Dejected, the male slinks away into the dark shadows from which he came.The male scans over the females on the dancefloor, looking for his *next* perfect mate.* * * * * * * * *Yeah, I got to see that scene replayed god knows how many times at RumJungle.  Seriously, it's like those nature documentaries that I like to watch with my pops on the Discovery Channel.2 stars for providing me with amusement.
2	I didn't make it for the club they hold at this place, but I did make it for lunch and I wish I didn't.  Great location with amazing detail, especially with the lighting.  I think the looks suckered us in.  You would think the food would be just as good.  They charged $9 for tricolor chips that tasted like they were from a bag and salsa that sucked.  The poke wrapped in a roll was cold and flavorless.  I had to send the fried calamari away because it was soggy and laced with I believe was MSG.  I did like the Pan Con Lechon, which is a Cuban pulled pork sandwich and their spiked up Pina Colada, the Havana Cabana.  Come for the club and rum, not for the food!
3	this is a pretty fun place to go... well i am saying this as someone who went after consuming a few too many beverages so my opinion might be a little skewed, but seriously who in vegas doesn't have too many drinks!  it was entertaining, the drinks were good  and i liked the music.  I'm pretty sure it was fun ;)  i would go again.
4	I figured what better place to find my brother a fruity drink that he might actually drink on his 21st birthday than Rumjungle, so there we were:  After he immediately didn't like his first drink, our waiter offered to replace it with a custom drink based on a answers to a few questions about flavors.My brother was able to drink the second drink but he still wasn't sold, so the waiter asked more questions;  When I mentioned it was his 21st birthday, the waiter said "Really?  I need to check his ID."Meanwhile, I was in the middle of a rum tasting:  This was my third time at Rumjungle so I'd already worked my way through some of their extensive rum menu and was talking a fair amount with the waiter about rums.  After my first rum didn't really do it for me, he brought me three samples (which totaled almost an entire pour by themselves) before we figured out what I was looking for.Time measured in a couple more drinks passed.When I asked for the check, the waiter waved his hand and said "It's on the house.""Really??" I asked after some quick mental math."We comp 21st birthdays.  Tell your friends."  he said with a wink.  And when I gave him his sizable tip, he asked if we wanted (free) drinks to go.Now admittedly, all three of the times I've been here have been Sunday afternoons, but every time, the waiters have been attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable about rum.  I've never seen the place in club mode, but I can see how it is probably a different scene.If you like rum, this place is worth visiting on a lazy afternoon -- but I'd recommend you eat first, because I wasn't a huge fan of the food, and some of the potent drinks can really sneak up on you.
4	Get there before 10 to avoid lines and cover. Order a few drinks, walk out at 10:30, get stamped and head out to the casino floor. Come back at 12:30-1am avoid the lines and go party the night away. Drinks here are awesome especially some of the domestic concoctions. Be careful not to drink too much or you might end up crawling on the casino floor like me and my friends. The interior is very well designed and they have these dancers dancing way up like 25 feet high near the ceiling and people wishing they would fall.
1	Do not go here if you're over 21!!!  Or if you don't dress like a stripper!!!  My friend and I (in our thirties and dressed casually) went to try the food I'd heard so much about, but we were so horrified by the scene that we left.
1	It's amazing how much this place has gone down the tubes in a year! The food was *shurgs shoulders* okay... and a bit pricey.  Our group experienced the WORST service from our waitress.  No need to go into detail, but she was extremely rude and, the end of of our meal, told us to "just sign the check already."  Can we say "BITCH syndrome?"The only perk of dining at the restaurant is that you get in free to the club. We went on a Thursday night and it was D-E-A-D.  Even the club's paid dancers looked bored!  Good food doesn't make up for bad service, snotty attitudes, and bad 90's music.  With the plethora of choices to go clubbing here in Vegas, Rum Jungle shouldn't be on your list.
4	As a restaurant this place kicks ass.  The all you can eat fire pit is a carnivore's delight.  The meat just keeps coming and coming and coming.  Its very tasty and there's something for everyone with steak, pork, chicken, lamb, and sausage all being served up and brought to the table on skewers.Its a little pricey mind you, but if you take into account that coming here gets  you into the club with no line and no cover (cover's normally $20) its a pretty good deal.
4	I am a rum collector and connisseur, and the rum selection they have at  Rum Jungle is truly amazing for any bar or club.  I also enjoyed the meal, and I don't even eat beef - there's enough variety of other meats that I didn't feel left out at all.  Everything is cooked and seasoned perfectly.  This doesn't get five stars since it's slightly overpriced (though it's not overboard for a hip resturant on the strip).
3	I cant say that I was too impressed with this venue.  If you are expecting to go here to club, you will be sorely dissapointed.  The place is more of a giant bar with a small dance floor and flying go-go dancers hanging from the ceilings.  The bar is amazing but it was simply too small.  I agree with a lot of the reviewers, go before 10 to avoid paying cover.  It is not worth paying cover for this place unless its free.
3	GAH. Hot and SWEATY.  show off bartenders means they're more concerned with showing off their skills and taking their time with the drinks rather than actually giving you your drinks.  WAAAAAAAY tooo small of a dance floor but from what I remember good music and decent looking people as well.
3	Music sucked, pretty much... or at least the DJ and I weren't on the same wavelength.   However, it being my Bachelor Party, my buddies kept bringing me drinks, I kept trying to dance like a total fool on the dance floor, all the while looking at the beautiful women dancing in cages.  Put in that perspective, that's worth a solid 3 stars in my book.... Solid 3 stars?  What gives, Dave?  The drinks were only decent... I should have been way more trashed after having 10 vodka red bulls.... (hullo bartender?!?!?)   And truly, the music sucked big time...  I hope that DJ goes back to Kansas City so he can realize his dream and become a crack dealing pimp there... he's really not meant to be a DJ in Vegas.  I promise you my dog's got more beats than that wannabe disc-scratching motherfucker...  and I ain't even got a dog!
2	Get some late night dessert here and receive free entry to the club. The desserts here are so pretty, that you'll have to take a picture before you take a bite. Too bad the dessert doesn't make up for the lame club there have here afterwards. The music is wack and I just can't dance to wack music.
2	This is a fun place to go if you don't have to pay any cover, which usually runs around $25 on weekends.  Otherwise, save your money and go somewhere else.  Suggestion:  Tao for the clubbers, Caramel for the loungers, and Body English for the small venuers.We were hotel guests and didn't have to pay admission.  It helps to pick one go-to bartender and tip him/her well.  Why?  It usually leads to free drinks and getting away with a lot of ridiculous stuff (i.e. my gf walked off with whip cream and a full cup of cherries).The crowd is not so good looking with mostly wannabes from East to West.  Guy to girl ratio is poor ... although if you're a girl looking for any type of male attention, this is the place.  There were a lot of bachelor parties, men in their 40s plus, and girl groups who didn't know better.  Rumjungle used to be the IT place but not now.  Regardless, I'm giving it 3 stars because we had a lot of fun due to 1) no cover, 2) free drinks, and 3) short trip home (only one elevator ride away).
3	I had a blast here the first time around. Girl dancers in cages, trapeze artist hanging and moving all over the place, the lighting and decor, sound system and the tunes..the beautiful people....We had so much fun that we didn't mind the overpriced drinks and how hard it was to get them....The second time around, I was so excited, until my soiree got duped into getting a table reservation. The host and I, after much haggling and mathematical computations, came to a deal: 1 bottle purchase (@ $350up) and 2  heads out of the 8 of us will have to pay cover at $50 dollars each. To make sure I heard right, I ask the host again and she said "Cost of bottle plus $100 cover...that's it."Now, it doesn't take a genious to figure out why I agreed to this deal. Basically, it's $450 for a table for 8 with all the service that comes with the bottle purchase....as opposed to $40/head for cover  - that's $320 - but no place to seat when you get tired dancing and having to struggle getting drinks at $12 a pop. It was a steal considering other places would require 2 bottles minimum purchase for a party of 8.To make the story short, we're now comfy at our table and they rang the bottle before opening it...and it ended up costing $600 dollars after gratuiities and all assortments of tax which the host forgot to tell us about, who, by the way, had the audacity to ask me for her own tip because she "..really helped". It's still cheap but that wasn't the point. We were gonna get duped into paying something that we didn't agree on.Anyway, it ruined the mood for everyone. We stepped out of the club without the $100 cover charge.
4	Well, This place is  mixed of a Restaurant and Night Spot in Sin city of Vegas. Most of the yelpers have reviewed this as Night Club, But this place is STELLAR as a Restaurant. If you are a Fan of "Meat & Meat", this is a must visit spot for you. Caribbean/South American style dining with all you can eat for $40/person. May sound little steep, but trust me for Vegas its not too pricey.All you can eat start with Salad and Caribbean rice (Rice + Beans + Fried Plantins yummmm). Once you get settled in with couple of Mojitos (or your pick of any Rum drink), the meat starts flowing and you will get rolling...They have excellent Steak with Chimi-Churi, Chicken wrapped in succulent Bacon, Salmon cooked to perfection, Habanero Turkey Breast, Scallops and Shrimps, and Chorrizos.You have to visit this for the experience of dinning and the Dacor. 150+ different rums from all over the world is a Nice plus too.
3	I give 2.5 stars for the architecture and a 1/2 star for everything else. The slow service and flimsy drinks made the tip go south a might quick.  I had to tell the bartender how to make a few drinks, that were not exotic at all, do you have tending experience????Its a place you have to go once and say you have been there, like that Rain Forest joint. This place is spendy, but hell, you are at Mandalay Bay and you are in Vegas... so be geeky and look at the architecture like I do.
4	This place has 4 bars, so it isn't too hard to get a drink right away and the bartenders are attentive.  There are girls dancing in cages and doing acrobats from the ceiling which is awesome to watch.  If you're a hot group of girls, you'll get in for free.  The only bad night to go is Monday night which I was told was their best night.  Too many people and it's not so much the amount of people, but the type of people.  Some asshole grabbed my friend by the arm like he was her dad, so I yelled at him and we left.  The head of security ran after us to find out why we were leaving and he offered to kick the guy out, but by the looks of the crowd, some other guy would have ended up doing it too.  So, your best bet is to go Thursday, Friday, or Saturday.
4	had drinks and apps right before they switched from restaurant to club.  they stopped serving real food at 9:30 so we had to rush to get our order in...but it was worth it.  delicious tuna with a seaweed salad, nice wine.  a bit too commercial looking for my taste though so minus a star for that.
2	For this price, you should have your food at least above average. First our appetizer was told to have some spice to it, it had no taste. My main course, which I can't even recall had some sauce too, but was just no taste. My friend and I both agree that the chef need to taste the ingredients to see if it is fresh or have some taste. This is from someone who usually prefer little seasoning.Two stars just because you tricked us by the look of the restaurant and the staff was nice.
4	You can enjoy dinner on the dance floor before the nightclub opens there doors.  Good food and ok cocktails.  Sexy atmosphere and servers.
2	It is an okay "attempt" at Brazilian BBQ.  Rum Jungle has all the glamour of Sin City but none of the substance.  Great full bar, since the place is a nightclub at night so that's a natural "Duh".  Food wise it's mediocre, lacking in the tradition of table serving on skewers and the fun of a "red light/green light" card.  This is a common place for me to host a group about 10-12 people for a nice reasonable place for everyone to get together.  Food is always an easy ice breaker to get everyone all friendly with one another.  RJ serves everything on plates and family style, which is nice.  But Brazilian BBQ standard wise, not very impressive.However...Given the cost of this place and how much $$$$$ I spend there to entertain, I was very disappointed in the level of service.
3	If it's being rated on it's food 21/2 starsIf it's being reviewed on it's club 1 starIf it's being review on it's drinks 31/2 stars. As obvious as this might sound, they really know their rum drinks here! Get a mojito you won't be disappointed. For the professional alcoholic don't miss the volcano! They also offer rum tastings...YUM!
1	Ok... maybe i'm getting old... but this ain't my type of club anymore.  I'm there on a Monday night 11:45pm, big convention in town, club is dead.  However there is a HUGE line front.  They should let some of those folks in, oops spoke too soon... maybe not.   Lots of kids, 21-24.  Some of them looked as if they should even be allowed in there.  The vibe was safe, music had no personality, just your standard club fair.  Expensive drinks, weird top of the stairs dance floor that looks like it is really a stage, but not.  Hot girls in the cages dancing look like they could be having more fun at the dentist.  Not a fan won't be back...
3	Ok... so when I went here... I was comp'd... so I can't say yeay or nay to the prices...but....anyone who complains about prices in vegas is just plain dumb... especially in a major strip casino...."the costco on the strip was sooo expensive!!! the hot dog was $3.75!!!  twice as much as usual!!"  ----  yeah.. so what... it's the strip.. what do you expect?so anyway... this was a pretty cool place... and the friends I went with can actually attest to the fact that I cared about going to this place that I went wearing sweats...the food was good, interesting...  the atmosphere was calm at the time, but it still buzzed with the same excitement as a storm that is about to break.So what was REALLY interesting about Rumjungle was actually the pre-entry show.If you hang around the Mandalay Bay West Valey entrance... you can spot, or people watch.  there were several types of people, most noticeable were some, often attractive women who would walk in, with little or no baggage(no purse or handbag), were scantily clad, and walked with a definite purpose.  chew on that for a little bit.
5	I have had every birthday since I was eighteen at Rum Jungle in the Mandalay Bay. I cannot get enough of the food, the atmosphere, the drink menu (&#61514;) and the fact that after dinner, if you stay long enough, you are smack dab in the middle of the nightclub. If you are visiting Vegas or a local, you can enjoy the beauty of the restaurant and its uniqueness that's hard to find anywhere on the strip. The main centerpiece of the restaurant is a towering glass bar that illuminates from within. It dimly lights the entire bar in soft shades, and sets a romantic mood for couples, or a party mood for friends. I prefer the latter, but that's besides the point. For dinner, you cannot order anything other than the Firepit. I won't allow it. It is more of an event than a meal, actually. The waiters bring a medley of meats and sides and carves portions right there at your table. The process takes a bit, but it's worth it because you fill up over a period of time instead of just chowing down. Stick around for the nightlife too. Dancers perform on the top of the glass bar, walls of water curtain the tables from each other, and music is loud and dance-inducing. Let me know if you go, I may invite myself to tag along!Recommended entre: The Firepit!!! TheFirepit!!!Recommended drink: Vodka tonic with some mint leaves.
1	Music was courtesy of the world's worst DJ. (Unless you like to hear just a 9-second snippet of a song before it changes to something else, usually in a completely different genre of music - then he was AWESOME.)I talked to one of the security guys about this (yes, I escalated my concern because I felt physically threatened by the level of suck that was entering my ears.) He said that DJ typically has a mix CD of current Top 40 and other dance/hip-hop songs, so he couldn't change his style even if it were suggested to him. Whaa? Also, he said the reason the clips are so short for some of the songs is because the DJ prefers not to play the non-Top 40 songs too long (using as an example the Biggie song that had just started) since most people are unfamiliar with them. WTF? Who isn't familiar with Biggie? Jehovah's Witnesses? This guy may have been talking out of his ass, but even if he was, the DJ still crapped all over my opportunity to get my dance on.Okay, more importantly, how were the drinks? Decent and strong, particularly from the lone female bartender, who was very cool. HOWEVER, the asshole busboy in our area kept swooping in the second we turned our backs and taking unfinished drinks away. I caught him in the act once and it was clear that my drink was half-full; he'd actually thrown a napkin and cigarette butts in it to make it look like trash. The second time he took a vodka tonic away that was maybe a quarter finished. Fuck you, you can't make me buy more drinks by throwing away the ones I didn't drink fast enough for you! But you can get me to get other people to buy me replacement drinks, because let's face it, I like to be drunk. And I love free drinks.Nonetheless, I achieved good times as I hung with Edgar, Winfield, and Tita, along with the SF crew in town for Todd's birthday, because I live by the golden rule: "Illegitimi non carborundum."
3	it's very visually stimulating, I'll give it that.  The towering bar with the pretty lights, the waterfall, the whole design of the place.  The eyecandy they have dancing around is nice as well.Paying $12 for a grey goose and soda while listening to some horrible DJing doesn't make for such a good night.  There was some twit that took some bad *e* who was freaking out in the ladies room and I got to watch her get wheeled out.  That was fun.I had more fun watching someone put a ponytail down their pants up in my room later that night though.  serious.
2	No amount of alcohol, drugs, fabulous friends, crazy chicks in the restroom getting wheeled out, fantastic decor or hot women doing acrobatics on wires suspended from the ceiling can make up for the fact that the DJ was so bad that I wanted to barf all over the floor* on several occasions.*disclaimer - this is NOT because I partied too hard in Vegas!!
4	Had  bachelor party for a friend here on Thursday. The food was surprisingly good. We got the all your can eat Brazilian BBQ which included bacon wrapped scallops, salmon and every kind of meat you can think of. It was all really, really good. The place as a whole looks really nice and the staff was friendly and attentive. Me and my part was really impressed. Our dinner receipt also gave us free access into Forty Deuce. It is very expensive, but for a special occasion it was worth it.
2	Ah Vegas.  You're such an amazing playground of extravagance, showmanship, and eye candy.Rumjungle could be a jewel in your crown when it makes its conversion from restaurant to night club.  Two hot dancers dance on pedestals outside to tease the folks waiting in line.  Once inside, the illuminated glass shelves behind the bar hold a staggering array of booze.  They serve well to guide your attention high above where girls dance in steel cages, and other perform acrobatic feats inside of big hoops.It's a crying shame that Rumjungles weekend DJ had the attention span of a tweaked out eight year old, destroying every attempt I made at shaking my ass.  It's a pity that I had to wait ten minutes at the bar only to be informed that you didn't have any oranges so that I could buy an obscenely priced Old Fashioned.I simply expect more from my glamorous Vegas night spots.Bonus Shout-Out: Major thanks to the wonderful bartender who upgraded our drinks to doubles when we wandered back in for last call.
3	Normally, I would not rate a place like this 3 stars. I'm not going to lie. This place was extravagant with high ceilings and a waterfall, elegant glass shelves to the top, amazing cage dancers and a half decent DJ. The place, is in a word, lavish. I can see many people loving this. Decked out in my black slacks, blood crimson red dress shirt and black velvet jacket, I was treated with a great deal of respect and even some intriuge (a bouncer offered to get me into the upstairs unsolicited.) I can't say I didn't like that.Now, I'm not a club person. There are a few exception to break the rules, but this isn't one of them. With Vegas inflation in full effect I can't justify purchasing more than two drinks. Not being a dancer gives me less to do at this establishment. None of the other patrons seemed like people I would want to coerce with, andperhaps that's narrow minded on my part.Showy but not much else in my opinion, perhaps worth going to after getting loaded for free at a black jack table, but otherwise something I'd choose to pass. come dressed to kill and you'll enjoy it a bit more.
2	Ill give it a star cuz i got in for free before 10:30.  But do you know what goes on there before 10:30?  NOTHING!  Dinner is being served, the bar is pretty bare, and its pretty dull.  Blah.  But hey, as long as i have that "WATER" stamp on my wrist I'm all good right?  Go back to the room, drink for cheap, and come back after 11.  OK.  I did that, and it still kind of sucked.  We had an area up at the front which became our own private dance floor and I boogeyed on down with Yelpers i had never danced with before.  That was cool. They really know how to shake it.One more star cuz , I am a fan of the circus.  And there were circus style ladies in minimal clothes doing a zip line down the middle of the club.  All I could think was how bad i wanted on.  And then all i could think was how bad i wanted out.  So i left.  The end.
4	Rumjungle is one of my favorite party spots in Vegas.  Admittedly, in the last few years it has started to attract a less sophisticated crowd... but the music is sooo great, especially the live dancers who come down from the ceiling on trapezes!!  Last time at Rumjungle I was lucky enough to have a table, and it was so worth it.  I had one of the best nights in Vegas that I've ever had... and since I live there part-time, I go out in Vegas a lot.  Rumjungle is not for everyone it seems -- people either hate it or love it.  I'm of the latter category.
4	I went here with 13 other women for dinner.  The waiters told us we could stay when the place turns into a night club, but we didn't.   Rumjungle itself was a beautiful place.  I guess you have to be to compete in Vegas.   These places in Vegas are used to accommodating large parties and were attentive and patient to all our demanding needs during the course of our meal.  That part was a huge plus.  About half of our table ordered the smorgasbord of all you can eat fare, where they just bring out tons and tons and tons of food kind of like cafe de brazil or whatever.  I was one of the fools that didn't order that option.  I ordered the seared ahi tuna instead.  It was good, but that all-you-can eat was scrumptious!!!  I have never regretted not ordering all-you-can-eat in my life!  I was nervous to order that all you can eat b/c I didn't think I could eat that much.  The price difference was something like $4 so what did it matter?  Anyway, in vegas, they don't care if you didn't order the stuff your face meal.  1/2 the table did, so the staff encouraged us non-all-you-can- eat ppl to dig in too!  That was kind of surprising and another plus.  Boy was it good.  Fried plantains.  Coconut rice. Pulled pork. mmmm.yeah. order that all-you-can-eat stuff.  don't be a fool like me.
4	My four star review is actually a 4.5 star review.  I've been there about three times.  The first time it was 5 stars all the way, and the subsequent visits have been 4 star quality.The food is great, the decor is awesome, and if you love rum, you're in heaven.  I once tried a rum flight and found it to be a painful experience, though.  I guess I'm not as big a rum fan as I thought.Oh, I just remembered - I've been there four times.  See what all that rum will do to your brain cells?Anyway, definitely order their signature drink.  I can't remember what it's called (I'll blame the rum, again) but your waiter will know.  It comes with a "floater" of butterscotch rum which is super tasty.  If you dine there, you can get a free pass for later, when it turns into a club.  Or, maybe you have to have a late dinner and then they stamp your hand.  Geez, I really can't remember.Maybe you just shouldn't go to rumjungle.  Apparently it makes you stupid.
5	You are probably thinking:  This pervert likes the fluorescent dancers so much that he doled out 5 stars.Nothing could be further from the truth.  I am rating dinner.  RumJungle is a Brazilian inspired restaurant in Mandalay Bay.  They have exotic foods, but are known for their "Fire Pit" where foods are carved off a skewer at your table.I had the salmon, which was cooked perfectly. Thats right perfection, not dryed up and overdown or clammy and undercooked.  My IT guy had the fire pit and was satisfied with the 12 different types of meats through his way.Ernie the waiter was likewise excellent....Different and interesting food  with great service....
2	It started off like a commercial I saw on TV once."Welcome to the Rumjungle. We have over 180 different rums from all over the world.""Sweet!" we thought. We, being my family and I. Finally we found a place that would have the drink of our people. We almost all simultaneously asked for Don Q Gran Anejo and the bartender said, "What's that?"For those of you that don't know, Don Q is one of P.R.'s most popular rums amongst the islanders. NOT Bacardi. Bacardi is mostly for export and for tourists, and Bacardi originally hails from Cuba, not that there's anything wrong with that.Where does the best rum in the world come from? Who knows rum better than any other place in the world? What is the ethnicity of my family? If you said Puerto Rico, Puerto Ricans, and Puerto Rican then you are right. If you said anything else you are wrong.Immediately our collective Puerto Rican hearts sank. To his credit the bartender asked us to describe Don Q and that he would try to find us something similar. He came up with Pyrat XO that is made in the West Indies and is distributed by the Patron Spirits Company-- the same people that distribute Patron tequila. Pyrat can also be bought at BevMo.It was cool being in Vegas. The waterfall wall was pretty and the appetizers we had were OK. I just couldn't believe a place called the Rumjungle didn't have a better selection. If they were called the GinForest or the VodkaMeadow then I wouldn't have been so disappointed.
2	We had a great team event (getting to know other team members) here but not much can be said abt the food. I had the ahi tuna with cold soba noodles, the soba wasn't bad but the tuna had some funky taste to it. The sauce did not go well and it was just undesirable. I left half of it behind. First time that I did not fish ahi tuna! We had a big group for dinner, abt 20 but the entire restaurant was empty but it took ages before we received the food. They were certainly not understaffed since there were at least 20 servers running around but no idea why. I'm sorry but two star is being generous; 1 for the great group camaderie and networking event we had and 2 for the somewhat nice interior decor.
4	Well, it's always fun to be a VIP, so I can't knock Rumjungle! Our party of three was headed by a DJ familiar with most clubs in Vegas, so we were escorted inside and behind the velvet ropes to our very own VIP booth.  Table service was EXCELLENT. Nobody's glass went dry; we had our own "care taker" along with the waitress, and were treated like royalty the entire night. The eye-candy was abundant: cage dancers extended from the ceiling, scantily-clad acrobats performing on swings above the bar, live DJ with live percussions and a great, albeit somewhat small dance floor.  I had so much fun dancing "with" one of the massive subwoofers!The ONLY downside I saw was that you had to leave the club to smoke. Not a problem for any nonsmoker, and I actually enjoyed the cleaner air inside the club.
4	Ok, this rating is for the bar and not the restaurant - and we also had no rum. But if you like to chill out, watch people, be they other patrons or the dancers on the overhead walkways, this place isn't all that bad. Drinks were decent, too.
3	I went, I danced, I drank (a lot) and had a good time.  Upon the initial entry I wasn't too impressed with the lack of nice seating areas.  We had a large group and had called for a table, but it was more family restaurant style tables than nice booths.  I guess I just think that the clubs in Vegas should all have nice set ups through and through (especially when it's at such a nice hotel).  I liked the set up of the dance floor in the back... long and plenty of room to dance, though most people stay in front of the mirror to ogle themselves all night.  I loved that they had two live drummers to go with the music.  The dancing girls are all hot, so guys enjoy while your female counterparts stare in jealousy. :)  Also, the trapeze girls are pretty fun, nothing too spectacular beyond spinning, but fun the watch none the less... and they look naked.  99% of the music is hip hop, but I think it's hard to come by a place that is anything but.The staff all seemed pretty friendly except for two (male) bartenders who gave me attitude and threw me napkins when I put my hand in wetness on the bar.  I later found out from the guy who was buying me a drink that both of them offered to pay for his drinks earlier... I guess they didn't like that he was straight?Overall, good time had.  Oh, and the drinks were good and strong.
2	i don't know what's so special about this place.  but to tell you the truth, i didn't even get any of the drinks there.  it was way overpriced.  the food was okay and the service was okay.the decor was cool, but that was about it.
3	We ended up here after seeing the enormous line outside of LAX. It's not a terrible club, it's huge with some pretty neat things (i.e. the near naked ladies hanging from the ceiling doing cirque like stunts.) Good music, reasonable sized dance floor but I'm not sure it's worth the rather large cover as well as the overpriced drinks.
4	I will give it 4 stars because the people at the door act like its the only place in vegas.  They had a additude and need to bring it down a peg before i buy the place and turn them into a bathroom assistant.  I think the volcano drink is top end and prices right.  Dance floor is fun and the bar is classy.  I still think the winfield clown from cal wrote a post on Douche bag dudes he seen and gave tips on picking up women.  You look like the short ,ugly,guy who buys girls drinks. Then they leave with the good looking tall guy. Wake up winfield you are that guy.
3	As everything in Vegas is overpriced, so are the restruants.  Lunch was about $15, not too bad and dinner was about $35.  The best part was the waiters!  They were fun, flirty and cute!  We were added to the VIP list to get into the dance club at night.  I don't know if I would have gone if we had to pay the cover change, but it was a blast!  Great music, and good drinks.
3	Rum Jungle is okay. Dance floor is decently sized but when it's packed it seems REALLY small.Saw THE BEST bartendar EVER here! All these tricks. Glasses up in the air. Down. Catch. Slide. Multiple drinks. GEEZ!Dancers up in the air. White panties. hahaha... The guys like that alot apparently. Music is ok. Gets way crowded and it's difficult to manoeuver through the crowd to get around. Get's really hot inside. Not too many hot peeps.It's fun but just alright. Nothing spectacular except that bartendar we saw. Showtime!:)
1	I think this place had its day a long time ago.  Even when it was hot, I still couldn't imagine that anyone would have dinner here with so many great choices with real chefs!I guess people that aren't up to date on the hot spots need somewhere to go.
3	The only thing cool about this place is that they have a bunch of water falls around the club and fire.  If you like fire..and water then this is your place.Besides that it's not worth your 30 dollars to get in.  It's not really that big just two strips of bars along the middle with a dance floor in the back. From the outside the club looks very very inticing though because the outside wall is a giant wall with water and fire on it. Once you get in...not that great.
4	Go for a late dinner and stay 'cover free' for the dancing.  This is a fun party place and is great for larger groups.  I've been here twice, both for bachelorette parties.  Thumbs up for the Caribbean Curried Jambalaya.  you won't be able to finish it - but at least you can dance it off afterwards.  They also feature the Rodizio-style BBQ that has their signature dishes like salmon, rotisserie chicken, and lamb chops.  YUM.  At 10pm, the restaurant is transformed into a dance club.  The party is on when the world's largest two conga drums rise up from the floor and music starts.  Hot dancers on platforms above the bar area.  The dance floor in the back isn't big, but it works.
4	It wasn't very hard to come up with the name for rumjungle Nightclub. First, you'll notice the decor looks pretty much like a jungle. Then, smack dab in the center of the room, you see a HUGE wall of rum. In fact, it's the world's largest rum collection, sitting at 217 different rums. In addition to that, they have the world's largest rum bar at 144 feet long and 19 feet tall.Everywhere you turn turn in rumjungle, there is something interesting to look at. If you stand in one place, do a 360 turn, you'll see a wall of fire, a wall of water, gogo dancers dancing in what looks to be a birdcage, a HUGE wall of rum, live percussionists, and if you're doing this a certain times in the evening, you'll see aerialists flying through the air.There is one thing I think they could improve on, and that is their dance floor, as it isn't very big. But who am I to judge. Maybe you aren't there to dance. Maybe you're just there to get wasted on all the rum at your disposal.
4	I come here everytime I'm in Vegas, everytime I bring new people and yes, they have all loved it.It's Brazilian Fire Pit so be prepared for the meat fest of your life.  I always order the Fire Pit Plus because you just can't beat the amount and quality of food for the price.  The sides alone almost make it worth the dining experience.Ironically, I'm not a huge rum person so I steer clear but they have a decent wine collection and if you are a rum person consider this place your banquet dining experience.The best part is that when you eat a late dinner you can stay and avoid paying the cover charge.  Great for groups, and you want a no hassle high quality dinner.  They also take reservations !
5	Wanting to avoid long lines and ridiculously huge crowds, we came to Rum Jungle dressed for a night out.. and ready to drink. Cover was $20/person, and we walked in. No line, and not crowded around midnight, I was kinda wondering where all the people were. Not to fear, the dance floor did get some action around 1am. The bartenders are super nice and attentive, and the layout was interesting. Lots of tables and places to sit, it's like a lounge and a club. They have gogo dancers in cages raised above, though I can't say that all of them knew how to dance. What gets this place five stars however, is the music. For me, the music is what makes or breaks a club. I hate that techno heart-attack shit, or flashbacks to the 80s that last half an hour, so the fact that the DJ here played straight hip hop and top 40 goodness made me really happy. Only downside is there's no bathroom, so you have to go out of the club and trot down the walkway to go every time. Not a far walk, but it seemed to get longer and longer the more drinks we consumed. My friends and I had a great time getting drunk and dancing here!
3	Didn't eat here, only came for the club portion. Same ol', same ol' - long lines and expensive drinks. Nothing really stood out. There are partially clothed go-go dancers on the platforms about your head. My guy friend complained of a sore neck the next morning.
2	Absolutely nothing to write home about. I did not have to pay cover, since we came before 10PM, but when we left and got the stamps to re-enter at a later time the bouncer checked our ID's for a long 5 minutes as if he knew what he was doing. I could probably take it as an compliment since we looked all so young????Music - soso, Waitress took forever to come..wouldn't go again
2	"Rascal Flatts After Concert Party"That was a red flag. A big red flag that waved ferociously through the sky warning me...no no...YELLING at me to not pay $20 to come in here. Only bad things could arise from going inside and mingling with the inevitable mass of country folks in this club. They might want to...I don't know...square dance with you!!"Wait a second," I thought to myself. "Country folks don't go clubbing! They go doe-see-doe-ing at ho downs and such. I don't think they know what clubbing is. Let's just go in and get drunk!"I was right. There were no country folks in there. As a matter of fact, there weren't that many people at all inside. 12:30am on a Saturday night and the place was barely half full? I suppose everyone else wasn't as adventurous as I was and were scared off by the "Rascal Flatts After Concert Party" advertisement. I also should have known something was fishy when they let us 6 guys go in without hesitating to realize we had no females in our group. Desperation to have people in there? Yup.Impressive: 8 shelves stacked with bottles of rum and the skanky girls dancing in suspended cages (...it was very bootylicious).Unimpressive: The older crowd (wrong night to go), the near-empty dancefloor in the very back of the club, and the size of the club was smaller than it looked from the outside.Mental note: Go to a strip club next time. Lapdances rule over everything.
3	Would have given it 4 stars, were it not for the pound of salt our food was immersed in!  We went there for a late lunch, ate the blue corn calamari, coconut shrimp and steak tacos.  The food was horribly salty (and I love salt!), even the salad that came with the shrimp!  However, the bartender was fantastic!  I told him I typically drink Captain & diet Coke but wanted to try something different along those lines.  He suggested a terrific Virgin Islands spiced rum called "Sailor Jerry's".  My boyfriend had some fruity rum drink decorated with sugar cane.  The bartender was entertaining but not corny and gave us lots of free tastings (late lunchtime = invention time), which led to me being hammered and sleeping through most of the afternoon ... oh well, the rum was worth it!  Just don't eat here if you can't handle loads of salt.
4	Hey, I had fun here last summer.  I'd say it's one of the better of the non-ritzy type clubs in Vegas, although I didn't go to too many on my weekend there.  It was loud, colorful, and the trapeze artists were cool.  I don't remember much as it's been a few months and I drank quite a bit, but I recall that the music was good and there may have been some key mash-ups.  I'd go here again.
4	We decided to eat here so we wouldn't have to pay a cover to get into the night club. The food was o.k. we got the fire pit which is similar to brazilian BBQ. We were there on a Wednesday and it was 80's night so it wasn't really bumping. The cover charge of 20 dollars is not worth it. And don't expect to get much rum in your drinks, which were about 14 bucks a pop. So why the 4 stars you ask. Because we met some really cool peeps and the atmosphere is way cool with waterfalls and go go dancers.
3	We had dinner here last night and when I say we, I mean all 18 of us! The majority of the team did the fire pit, about 5 people ordered off the menu and one of them was a vegetarian. The fire pit is Brazilian BBQ that comes with Beef, Lamb, Salmon, Scallops, and Shrimp. It was a lot of food, but for 18 people the food came out really slowly and was cold. I ordered a 8oz. lobster tail which was over cooked and tough chewing :( The vegetarian in our group didn't have to order anything because the fire pit comes with rice, beans, and salad that he ate. I was also under the impression that the fire pit came with side dishes but we never saw any mashed potatoes, or asparagus. So why the three stars . . . .  the team of service people on our table of 18 was pretty good. My water glass was always full and we could always find someone to fetch a drink. The drinks were good too. The bathrooms are cool with the black ceiling and stars. They have a bathroom attendant which it always so strange to me. Overall, I don't think I would re-visit on my next trip to Vegas as there are so many other options for that price.
4	I will try my best to write a good review since I was a bit intoxicated that night. From what I could remember, the drinks were strong (a plus), the music was good (I think techno), and there are cages for the dancers. The vibe was great and I have no complaints about this club. It was a fun night for me and my friends and I'm sure we will go back.
3	DINNER: four starsthe only reason i would eat here is for the $50 per person fire pit! basically it's an all you can eat meat meal! pretty much this is the kind of thing you plan to go to in the morning for that evening. the trick is to starve yourself all day for all the de-lish meat you'll be consuming that night! my faves are the chicken wrapped in bacon and the tri-tip! YUM!  the overall service for dinner was on point. i never felt like i was wondering where my waiter was. this could have been in part to me asking him at the start of the meal to constantly keep a drink for my boyfriend and i on the table. i also asked him to never bring either of us the same drink and to only serve us his favorite drinks! :) as i remember it...1) i didn't walk out sober2) i was hella full from all the meat (which i could barley get through one round of all 12 or so meats!)3) this was no cheap endeavor (due in part to the alcohol requests! haha)THE LOUNGE: three starsthe ambiance of the entire place is pretty cool. there is a wall that has running water which gives you the feeling of being in the tropics. there are girls dancing in cages and others swinging on trapezes from the ceiling. the service at the bar is pretty quick and the staff is friendly.  there's plenty of seating and plenty of room to dance. the music is pretty good, playing all your top hits. for me, as i'm sure with many others, i'm not a huge fan of paying to get into bars, clubs or lounges. i typically plan on drinking, so i figure that's where you get to make your money off of me. i believe if you're staying at mandalay bay, you can get into the rumjungle for free. if you're not staying there, it's $25. overall, i would go to dinner there before i would go to the lounge. mostly because there are so many other clubs and lounges that have more to offer over the rumjungle. this is a great place for a large party who did dinner and followed with dancing the night away in the lounge.
5	I want to come back to Vegas just for this place! My girlfriends and I had a late dinner which was excellent. The waiter was super nice and helpful too. Its been two years and I forgot exactly what we ate, but it was some kind of meal that had a little of all their popular dishes.It turns into a club afterwards so we hung around the bar until then. This way we didn't have to wait in line. They played a lot of house music, which I love. There were women hanging from the ceiling doing acrobatic type stuff. There are also women on the bar who will pour shots into your mouth. The drinks were pricey, but nice and strong.
4	When my bf's friend told us that we were going to eat here for dinner I seriously had LOW expectations.Dinner at a restaurant/nightclub always turned out to be lackluster for me. Who was I to complain though? It was his birthday!Get there and look at the menu. Looked like a meat place so the entire table ordered the fire pit (the basic one, around  $42 each).When the meat started coming around, I was PLEASANTLY SURPRISED.the sausage was juicy with excellent contra-tension as you bit into it.the bacon wrapped chicken had a nice smoky flavor.the salmon was okay. the turkey is so spicy it will scare away any colds or hangover debris left from the previous night.the steak was juicy.the salad and sides were great, too. not a show stealer but dang, the sausage and bacon wrapped chicken was awesome and we asked for seconds - it's unlimited but you full fast.the chocolate cherry martini was also delish.Mmm!
4	Me, my boyfriend, my girlfriend, and her hubby all went here for dinner on a Friday night. We all got the Firepit, which is the Brazilian all you can eat meat feast, except for the boys who got the upgraded firepit (i think it came with scallops and lamb). Oh man. It was heaven. The coconut rice was awesome, as was the salsa. THe meat was perfectly cooked, and sooooooo good. The only complaint I have it that the meat didn't come fast enough. We all got drinks, which were creative and very STRONG! It was a perfect start to our first night in vegas.The only reason why I took away stars, is I had read that if you eat dinner, you get a stamp to get into the club later that night for free. After haggling with the hostess, we girls were going to be free, but the boys were still going to be $15. A little disapointing considering we spent over $250 for dinner there.But after all that hard work to get in, we never made it to see the club...the girls in lingerie at the Cathouse stole us for the night.
4	didnt eat there just went with my cousins one night. this is were i learned that me and jack and coke are not friends!!!! i can pretty much drink two of anything and still be all good. not jack and coke and rum jungle helped me to realize that..... thanks... i liked being on the stage it was pretty fun but my cousins stood by the door. i think they were were trying to get air or something because they dont really club as much as i do. overall great experience until that jack and coke hit in... next thing im remember im stumbling back into my hotel room and wake up with my sister holding my hair back.... cant wait to go again.
4	Came here with 15 people cuz I love me some rum,they gotta a pretty good selection at vegas prices. The food was hit and miss, jerk chicken amazing, tuna was not good at all. The jungle juice had me and all my folks twisted. Service was good as was the music. Even though it was pricey I would recommend coming.
3	Rumjungle used to be a really hot nightclub and although it's not anymore, that doesn't stop the bouncers from acting like it's hottest club in Vegas.  Okay so I'm getting ahead of myself here...Our first bachelorette party night in Vegas, we decided to have dinner at Rumjungle.  Since several members of our party were arriving later, we thought that they could just meet us there for desserts or drinks and then we'd move on to the next spot.  So, we go to dinner, and the servers are a bit cheesy, but it's Vegas so sometimes I expect that.  Anyway, I got the skirt steak which was excellent and my friends also enjoyed the tuna tartar and salads.  The drinks were tasty as well.  Well, as we're finishing up our meal, we notice that all the tables around us were being broken down and taken away.  Apparently we were seated on the dance floor, and we had to finish up FAST...even though they were the slow ones with our service, we had to rush our dinner.  Now, as we're paying our bill, our other friends arrive.  BUT the bouncer would not let one girl in.  No one was in the club other than the diners.  The waiter would not help us.  So what could we do?  We left.Overall the dinner was okay and I would go back only to eat, if I could be guaranteed a spot not on the dance floor.
4	Becuase this place was in our hotel, we went here for dinner on a Sunday night during my friend's bachorlette weekend.  This was another place where I wasn't expecting much from the reviews, but was pleasantly suprised!  We ordered the all-u-can eat brazillian bbq (upgraded version - comes with shrimps, scallops, and lamb chops).  The basic version comes with turkey, bacon-wrapped chicken, salmon, steak, chorizo for the meats, and yummy salad, grilled veggies, rice, plantains, black beans, and bread for the sides.  Price was $49.95 per person and we pigged out!  Everything was really good and fresh.  I couldn't drink because I'm pregnant, but my friends loved the Havana Cabana and the Jungle Juice drinks.  I think they were strong too because they got buzzed quickly.  This place is on the pricey side, but worth it for quality meats and strong drinks!
5	i really wish that dual-purpose places like this could be listed twice.  i cannot speak to how rumjungle functions as a bar/dance club/etc, but i ate dinner here on a sunday night and there was nothing disappointing about this place.we went with the brazillian bbq with the upgrade (with lamb, scallops, and hella-huge prawns) and topped it off with kilo kai rum and coke.  the method of cooking/plating was brazillian, but the flavor was all carribean.  all sorts of mint and fruits and such were part of each dish. i do not like coconut or black beans, but it turns out that their black beans on top of their coconut rice is *heaven*.  our server was very knowledgeable about the menu (both food and drink), and i watched him tailor his suggestions to the very different groups that came in while we ate.  he was friendly, eager to have us sample and re-sample everything that was brought our way, but never pushy.and the decor!  the place was covered in fire and water. the waterfalls made great dividers, and the white noise helped drown out the rest of the place so we could focus on ourselves and the delicious feast in front of us.there are a few sticking points for the place, but "it's vegas" so they're not worth docking it any stars.  at the time i thought the price was a bit splurgy. after spending a few more nights at mandalay bay, however, i realized that it was actually well priced for the quantity and quality of food.  sure, it cost's more than your average buffet, but it was so much better than any traditional buffet.  certainly worth having the food come to you.the other sticking point is how tight they pack people in there. it wasn't a problem at 7pm on a sunday, but if every table had been populated, there wouldn't have been room to breathe. again, this is very much a casino-in-vegas restaurant thing, so it's not worth knocking off a star.the bbq isn't for everyone, certainly. if you eat like a bird, and/or you don't like meat, you won't get your money's worth.  however, if you've got a decent appetite, love being a carnivore i'd add it to your list.  one of the most helpful things about this restaurant, and every one at mandalay bay, is that the full menu (with prices) is posted outside each place. you know what you're getting into before you even start.
4	This review is exclusively for the club, because my friends and I didn't get past drinking and dancing. We got in here for free quite quickly and headed directly to the bar and then the dance floor. Bartenders are friendly and the prices were reasonable for Vegas. Bouncers here are surprisingly friendly and also very protective as we found when some overly drunk fellows got a bit aggressive with our group (they were escorted out quickly). The dj spun some pretty damn good tunes that night and all the dancers were very good. The decor was brazilian, and I loved the waterfall they had going because it kept the air clean and cool. Benches are everywhere so you always have a chance to rest your feet if you danced for too long. One of the highlights of this club for me was the bathroom. The ceiling is done up like a sparkly night sky with the stars twinkling down on you. It is fun to look up and marvel at it unless you drank you cocktail too fast, then just be careful about tipping over (thanks nice bathroom attendant!). Oh yes, they have a lovely attendant who works solely on tips, leading drunken ladies to faucets that are running and also has goodies and sweets for you to freshen up with. Very nice...esp around 3am, you could always use a breath mint. So if you want a club that is not too pretentious with a good vibe, decent bouncers and a good crowd, then this is one club you should check out.
5	Outstanding Brazilian BBQ. Amazing surroundings. Good service. Visually stunning.
4	Pretty cool little club to come party in.  It wasn't so jam packed that we were stuffed like sardines (hello tryst) that made me happy.  Great DJ, and the entertainment (girls in cages / catwalks) were well, entertaining, although I knew what to expect as a dear friend of mine was one of the go-go dancers many years ago.   Can't comment on the drink prices, as there were men with us, and we didn't pick up the tab. The food reviews sound delicious, and I will be making a return to try them!
3	So my best friend turned 21 last Friday and we came to the RumJungle for dinner. The restaurant and the rum bottle display is amazing. The rum bottle display consists of shelves of rum all the way to the ceiling, with colored lights constantly changing the color of the display. Also, there's cool walls with waterfall around the restaurant.Personally, I thought the food was just okay. Even though I don't eat meat, I had one of their salads and it was just okay. Even though I didn't get to try any of their meat, I feel like if you're going to charge almost $20 for a salad, it better be damn good. But the salad was eh.However, the drinks were awesome here. But food was okay. Then, about 6 hours later, we went back to Rum Jungle since we were staying at Mandalay Bay. As a club, this place sucked. The music was not crackin, and the place was empty. Needless to say, I stayed for about 10 minutes and left. And I only left with a bottle of Voss water.
5	This is my favorite dinner/nightclub in Las Vegas.  Whenever I travel to Vegas, I always make a visit to the Rum Jungle.  The dinner is outstanding and if you stay past 10pm it turns into an outstanding nightclub with quite possibly the worlds largest selection of Rum.
1	This place gets decent reviews from other people...maybe the time I went was an anomaly, I'm not sure.Anyway, I did not have dinner there, I was only there for clubbing. It was so dead it wasn't even funny. I would say the place was 30% full on the Saturday night I went. Later I was chatting with a local at another club and she told me that place used to be HOT but it's so bad now they should just shut it down (the club part).
5	I thought this place was awesome!  Went there for dinner with my family, and we did the fire pit dinner, which was $42 for all-you-can-eat meats, carved at your table.  They brought a salad, then beans and rice, then five different varieties of chicken and beef.  Everything we ate was delicious, and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  A few people in our party ordered a la carte and enjoyed their meal as well, I believe.  Service was decent, though not on the order of a place like Joe's Stone Crab.  Still, I really enjoyed the experience.
4	Food was good but the club / restaurant was full of energy. Great crowd and also a great place to mingle. I like to go back soon. And the music and DJ were great as well. They get 4 star cause the staff were not friendly and accommodating!
3	RumJungle was quite the experience...  Went with the fiance, so I kept the partying mellow.  RumJungle happened to be the first place we encountered when entering Mandalay Bay.  No cover and a super friendly (maybe Somoan?) bouncer.  It was super dead and the party was just about to start.  No one on the dance floor.There was a lot of bench seating available around the two dancefloors.  Thirty minutes and 3 drinks later, we started watching our bench neighbors getting down on the dance floor.  It was a very interesting night because it was unlike any crowd I have ever seen...  everyone looked like they were in their 40s and/or corporate nerds that never get laid.  I probably wouldn't do a repeat, but I had fun.
3	Ate dinner here as well as stayed after for the club.The food is decent, if not a bit overpriced. I had the filet Mignon, it does not come with much, unless a side is ordered and that pushes the dish to well over $50. My buddy had the jerk chicken w/rice, which was actually very good but was the kind of dish you would expect in a hole in the wall Caribbean spot for $14, instead it was $28. Nevertheless, I tried some of the rice which was very tasty. My filet was solid and came with a tasty butter sauce, but I cant say it was amazing.  The run jungle juice they offered was dynamite, and I would def recommend.The club I cant recommend as bunch, the DJ was good enough, but the place never really filled up on Sat night, and the energy level of the crowd was on the low side. They reserve tables for bottle service, but most were not used.  The crowd was bit older, and I would have to suggest that you stamp your hand and get in and out privileges. Decent place to eat, and grab a rum jungle cocktail, but I would not make it my destination for the night.
5	I'm no bartender but let me tell you...I can make a damn good Mai Tai. In all my Mai Tai drinking/making years I have never met anyone that can make one as good as mine...until now. The bartender...and I wish I would have gotten his name made my drink right there in front of me. No mixes. No measuring. Just boom, boom, boom and bingo...there was my drink. I take a sip not expecting too much but to my utter surprise It was so friggin good it was like Mai Tai gods smiling down upon me. The Mojito my husband ordered was also very good and also probably better than I have ever had in Chicago with the exception of La Fonda. The nachos....yep, had to order something to soak up the alcohol were tasty but just a tad bit on the burnt side. I could care less about my burnt nachos tho because I think I met my Mai Tai making soul mate. Sigh.
4	Yippy Skippy I want more! This is a review of the restaurant, not the club. We had a super friendly waiter which has been waiting in the LA and Las Vegas area for ten million years. It was entertaining hearing how sweet and not so sweet some celebrities are. Apparently Depp is a sweetie, so is Dolly Parton and she doesn't mind if you stare at her boobies. Chevy Chase is a D*ck. Though not usefull info, it was quite entertaining. So the food.... it was goood. We got the Firepit special which is all you can eat meat and sides. The beans and coconut rice side were delicioso! Meat wise my favs were the roast beef and the bacon wrapped chicken. The salmon not so good, it was fishy, ewww. No room for dessert here! Stay away from the appetizers if you are going for the Firepit they are expensive (3 coconut prawns $23!) and just not worth it, and they take up valuable stomach space!
3	This place made me feel like I was at a high school dance. Fatman Scoop mashups horribly mixed; I think I may be able to beat match better. Uhm, no. The DJ did play some Too Short though, and he got all us Bay kids pumped up for a bit, but then it was back to garbage.I see Rocky B. below has commented on the mojitos, but I'm guessing she was at Rum Jungle for dinner, however we came after eating next door at Red Square to go to Rumjungle, the club. We ordered mojitos at the bar, and the bartender said they don't make them.....W T F ?!!!?!?!WHAT KIND OF RUM BAR ARE YOU IF YOU DON'T MAKE THE QUINTESSENTIAL RUM COCKTAIL?!!?!?!?!Whether it was a case of a n00b or lazy bartender, I don't care, that's just unacceptable. What about suggestively selling us a Mai Tai or Zombie or Hurricane? Nope.This place does earn three stars though because of the scantily clad gogo dancers in UV reactive lingerie in the hanging cage and the super tan platinum blonde babe with the bob walking along the bar pouring jager in everyone's mouths. She had the biggest badonkadonk I've ever seen. Clear, six-inch lucite heels, a sparkly push up bra and itty bitty panties. Can't miss her. We were here on a Friday night, so my guess is that she's a weekend feature. Excellent eye candy. The actual crowd? Not so much.Rumjungle would be a decent place to start the night out (hit up the said jager goddess walking along the bar) then go somewhere better. No line at 12am. Free cover for girls staying in the hotel, or that's what the bouncer told us, though he never asked us to show our room keys to prove we were actual guests. Our guy friend had to pay $30, LOL.
3	This is a review of dinner only.Meat! Who doesn't love unlimited meat? BFF and me opted for the endless meat platter though all of their dinner options looked good. All of the meat that came out was hot and fresh and very good, sadly looking back I can't remember all that was offered. I do remember their bread/rolls being fantastic and having a great garlicky dipping sauce.Our waiter was really friendly and pleasant and was even kind enough to water down my cocktail with coke after I had a few sips and found it to be WAY too strong for my lighweight self. It was still really good though. The Kamster hadn't finished her cocktail by the time our meal ended and the waiter actually gave her a to go cup for it. Only in Vegas.I've never seen such a massive bar in my life (see picture) and it lit up in different colors and was so pretty!
3	This is an oldie but a goodie.  A few years ago this was my very first Vegas club experience.  (I didn't know any better, but I've wised up).  However, I had a blast.  The best drinks in all of Vegas!!!!We started our evening here by eating dinner, which was excellent.  We were planning on going to another club that evening, but since we ate dinner there my boyfriend (now my fiance) and I  were offered a free front of the line pass to come back later in the evening when the club began.  So we decided "what the heck it's free & we're already here".  Glad we stayed.  We discovered the best drinks ever, Rum Jungle Juice and the Havana Cabana (my fav).  Both are a concoction of various rums.  Rum Jungle Juice is like a Long Island Ice Tea, all alcohol but it actually tastes good.  The Havana Cabana is a mixture of rums and pineapple juice and a sugar cane stick for mixing.  I can't begin to tell you how delicious this drink is, you just have to try it.The layout of the club has some great aspects.  The front of the club by the walls of fire and water, has lounge chairs and tables for everyone.  Finally a club where you can sit down without being a VIP.  The bathroom is gorgeous, make sure you look up into the starlit ceiling.  The ceiling of the club is littered with various cages, trapezes and walkways filled with dancers and arial artists.  One of the most unique features of the club is the music.  Rum Jungle has a DJ along with live drummers and percussionists.  This makes for great music to dance too and truly original music mixes.  However, the dance floor is laid out weird and is a little tiny.  With a random stripper pole in the corner (which was occupied by some not so attractive older women).  The bar is long but is also right in the middle of the main walkway to both the VIP tables and dance floor.    So it can get a little bottle necked and become a tight fit to get drinks.The only draw back to this club is the crowd.  Mostly older and unattractive, but not rich and well put together like at Tryst.   Let's just say when they began to play Kelly Clarkson the entire dance floor began to scream. YIKES!  Overall a great place to grab a few drinks listen to some original music mixes, relax in the lounge and move on to a bigger and more popular club on the strip.  But go at least once to try a Havana Cabana, I promise it's yummy.
2	Rumjungle's owner is a cross between Mel Gibson and Siegfried & Roy minus the Roy.  He's the man around vegas, everyone knows him and treat's him special. I hung out with him on different occasions, he's a nice guy but his club sucks.
3	i went to rumjungle a few years ago (i know im way late on the review!) but from what i heard its about the same now as then... plus im going back there next month... I ate dinner there earlier (about 8:30) and me and my group got our handstamped so we could get into the club for free and not wait in line (i think now its set up where u have to have your dinner reciept). the look of the club is amazing. girls swinging from wires gettin alcohol from this tall tower of booze, girls on the bar pouring down shots into patrons mouth, waterfalls all over the club etc. etc.the negatives are the club could have a little more space (its a big place but there so much shit everywhere its pretty cramped) and the music selection wasnt that great (but maybe it was better other nights i dunno). if you can get into pure, tryst, tao,  or rain then i would suggest going there... but if you dont want really any hassles getting in to a club and wanna eat a delicious dinner, then rumjungle might be for you.
5	My favourite bar in Vegas.  Hear me out:I don't go clubbing.  Walking by any number of Vegas "scenes" reminds me why.  It is boring.But at 6pm, before dinner, before the crowds, and while the bar is just gearing up... HELL YEAH.  So any bar with no one in it will garner an extra star.This place is gorgeous... obviously a huge nightclub with the raised DJ booth, etc... the dance floor with moveable lounge seating.  The raised above the DJ booth dance floor... the place is huge.  The bar is lit, but relatively refine... there are bottles at least 40 feet high, and I haven't the foggiest as to what system they have for grabbing them officiantly.The guys that work their are consummate Vegas barkeeps.  They make fun of people that graduated from bartender school, they laugh at guys "flairing" or throwing bottles and eating into revenue and tip generation... and they are really just *real* good guys that were not into a "scene" or trying to be cool..just seasoned and sweet guys that loved talking shop and telling stories.  It was a young Asian guy named, I think, Gavin... and a red haired shaved head bigger guy.  It was so much fun chatting with them... This was also the bar that Pacman had his after party at.  We got invited by the guys $60 cover waived and we fell asleep around 1am because we beat each other with roses and really did one another in.  Funny tho.. going back at that time it would have been 3 or 4 stars at best.But when we went we had random lost travel professionals, a couple british tourists at the bar, and one or two rodeo groups looking so comfy yet so out of place in the rum bar.$14 a drink, $9 a beer... but they feel bad about it.  I am the guy who ordered a beefeater gibson (they didn't carry beefeater, and didn't have open onions)... so we got some rum specials and they were AWESOME...great little bar.... when it is yours, and no one elses.
4	What a legit place! The ambiance is really cool and trendy and they had really awesome caipirinha's which I feel like is kind of a necessity if you're going to claim rum and Brazillian as your theme. It has this whole trendy club bar thing going on I think it's for a bit of a younger crowd maybe. I wouldn't say older than late 40's.. Maybe I'm wrong.. but that was definitely the vibe I got.I came here with  my family for my birthday and did the whole, "touristy," thing. Which I guess is 100% expected in Vegas. I wouldn't come here for like an amazing five star dinner, but it's definitely a chill sit down for some tasty meats and ethnic flavor.
3	Even though this club is considered "old school" (so I've been told)...I really liked the set up of it! It's a cute venue, though kinda small. Vegas clubs are pretty much all the same when it comes to drinks but I still say pay a visit to rumjungle if you have a chance!
3	Fun place to have dinner with nice ambiance.  We were planning on staying for the club and didn't realize the restaurant basically is the club.  Are you kidding?  Its just a bar/restaurant.  Either way the clientele were creepy.  I can't imagine paying cover to get into this place.  My bud and I fled not long after eating.
2	It's not necessarily bad, but I've had better brazilian bbq in Long Beach and even Salt Lake City. The beef was under cooked in the middle and the other meats were just bad. Overpriced and the bar can't make a decent drink. Avoid.
4	I came here for the club a couple of years ago with some girlfriends.  Had a great time.  Good music and friendly people.  There was even a guy dressed as MC Hammer with a brick phone!Came back again on my recent trip to Vegas a couple of weeks ago for my sister-in-law's bachelorette party.  I scheduled dinner for a group of 10 girls here.  Since we had a big group, we decided the easiest thing to do was to have the rodizio fire pit.  About $40 per person, all you can eat portions of: rosemary, chili and garlic marinated "angus beef" sirloin, with a sugarcane, guava and caramelized onion demi glazemint mojo marinated lamb top round with coconut guajillo dipping sauceroasted garlic and sage marinated turkey breast with a mango-habanero honey mustard glazehot-smoked "mai-tai" cured salmon with tropical fruit relishhuli-huli rotisserie chicken with a pineapple-rum teriyaki glazeroasted spanish chorizo sausagesjerk spiced bacon wrapped chicken thighs with a guava-chipotle barbecue sauceaccompanimentsperuvian saladcuban black beans and pineapple-coconut riceseasonal roasted vegetablescaramelized ripe plantains Unlike other Brazillian places, there was not a buffet for the accompaniments.  They are brought out on a big plate, family style.  The Plantains are sooo good!  Surprising, the salad was very very tasty!  The meat itself was flavorful and seasoned well.  We also ordered a giant pitcher of mojitos, which comes with sugar canes!What really made our night was the staff's willingness to participate in our bachelorette scavenger hunt!  (Corny, I know.  But it was so much fun!)  One of our serves even carried the bride to be over a threshold while another let one of the girls feel his muscles.  :-DThe food was great and the service made our night!  Thank you rumjungle!
4	This happens to be one of my favorite clubs in Las Vegas.  The decor is fantastic and the atmosphere is peaceful and exciting at the same time. There are go go girls here and they dance amazing.
1	Rumjungle was, quite simply, the scene of my worst ever Vegas dining experience. We wandered in for a late lunch one recent Saturday afternoon, as we needed some food in our bellies to soak up our pending vodka cocktails at Minus 5. They were open and the menu looked decent, so in we went.After perusing the menu, I settled on the coconut shrimp. Fried shrimp, curry sauce, and mixed greens...what could go wrong? 20 minutes later, the food finally came and I learned the answer: Everything. The salad? Inedible. The idiots in the kitchen decided to dump kosher salt all over it. Yep, you read that right. Having no confidence in their vinaigrette, they salted the salad. WTF? Who does that?I would have sent it back based on the salad alone, except our server never came to ask how everything was. She just disappeared, and nary a busboy materialized for another 20 minutes. But at least I had the shrimp, right? And it had to be good, because they had the balls to charge $21 for three single prawns, right?Wrong. The coconut crust wouldn't stay on the fish...which was probably a good thing, since it was drenched in oil. And the so-called curry dipping sauce? 'Twas but a measly drizzle on the plate, not deep or plentiful enough for any actual dipping. I had to scoop up what little there was with my knife and smear it on the shrimp. Not that there was any point, as it was completely flavorless.So, that was $21 for inedible salad and three oily, flavorless prawns...and a server who never reappeared until after we asked the busboy for our check.And as if that weren't enough, to add injury to insult, I spent the entire next day in bed with food poisoning.Avoid this shite-hole at all costs.
4	I don't know if "Brazilian" referred to the cuisine or to the 7 other ladies I was dining with but in any case Rumjungle took us to an exotic state of mind. Waterfalls gushing, circus like rings above our table where a beautiful creature would surely be hanging from later in the night, and meat, lots and lots of flesh. My ladies senses were sparked and minds open for the experience. Two brave souls ordered the Rumjungles tropical version of mind-erasers. Everyone agreed to do a $44.00 per person prix fixe menu. The deal is that you sample everything and than you can reorder whatever you couldn't get enough of the first round. Cuban black beans and a Peruvian chopped salad were among the first starters. Followed by a table side gorgeous hunk of meat - our waiter Paulo - presenting and carving another delicious piece of meat - Brazilian spiced flat iron steak. It was tender and seasoned just right. Our table soon became filled with dill mojo marinated Atlantic salmon, jerk spiced chicken, jumbo grilled shrimp, lamb chops, and more. At one point I literally became overwelmed by the smell of spices and hot assorted beef, poultry, and seafood. Thank god I had my goose to calm my nerves. We even got hit on by some young surfer stars of the OC show. Mel showed the barely legal, tanned, blonde babe a thing or two about blow jobs - shots that is. All in all, a great dining experience, with more food than we could handle-no one reordered anything, stiff, yummy drinks, and the great company of my beautiful lady friends.
4	Great music.   And it's hard finding a good place on the strip that doesn't charge a cover charge.Also prior to dancing, my wife and I had a quick bite.  She loved the jambalaya even though she would not touch jambalaya in the past to save her life!
2	I've been to Rum Jungle many times and it's usually a good time, a good meal and service always good.  The food never stands out as great to me but we always have a great time here.  Last time me and BF went by here for pre show cocktails the Bartender had the personality of a lamp.  He was almost downright rude and really acted like he did not want to be there.  The customer service  (or lack of) in Vegas is really starting to irritate me these days and this guy needs to either grow a personality or find a job behind a computer screeen or drive thru window.  Sorry Rum Jungle....still love ya.
4	This is a review of the club only. This place is tight for a Vegas spot. I hate all of the "trying-too-hard-to-look-rich-and-dress-to-impress" scenes that we have in SD, but also don't like the ultra-casual-flip-flop-sporting-bro-seph-watering alternatives. While most of Vegas is the former, rumjungle was somewhat of a happy medium. They played some pretty good music with somewhat of a mix, but mostly club music (e.g., rap). There is NO COVER CHARGE!!! This is huge as my former favorite night spot in Vegas (formerly OPM) now wants to charge me $50 to get in and doesn't even offer me perks (e.g., free drinks).      The drinks here are expensive (my friend paid $21 for a Mojito), but that shouldn't matter much as we carried beers in and nobody checked us. Grab a flask, your dancing shoes and a t-shirt and head on over as there didn't appear to be much of a dress code either. There are some negatives to having such loose restrictions however. These include, letting any old jackoff through the doors, including skeezy old-timers. There was one VERY old-timer thought that was tearin up the dance floor, but very slowly.and by himself, groovin to "go Shawty, it's ya berfday!". I think he was celebrating number 75 at least.      anyway, not too much wrong with this place. It was the upscale vibe, but without the cover. If you pregame and bring drinks as my friends did, then you will be fine. Just don't order the mojito like my other friend because he got raped on that one.
4	replace the "r" in rumjungle with a "c" and that's the reputation of this place.  i don't get it though, because this place wasn't even remotely sleazy and i did not see a lot of douche-y guys/scantily-clad ladies around.i was in vegas for a business trip this past week, and a group of us young people went to *umjungle for dinner, and ended up closing the place down.  the food was really yummy (and not your typical vegas hotel restaurant fare), except for the turkey, which was too salty.  all you can eat for $34 (recession pricing) more than makes up for it though, because you can order any of the other meatstuffs available.  i didn't get too adventurous with the cocktails, but their by-the-book cocktails did not disappoint.this place is GREAT for dancing if you don't want to hit a big loud commercial club like blush/pure/tryst/bodyenglish/etc.  the DJ (an asian girl!) was amazing and played a variety of music (jesse's girl, anyone?), although there were some songs that were good for a drink break.  i wasn't even in a dancing mood when i went out for dinner on wednesday night, seeing how i'd been sleep-deprived for days by that point, but surprisingly ended up shaking my tailfeathers for 3 hours.i recommend.
4	beautiful settings, with the water and fire walls.  The food is okay, and the churrascaria theme doesn't seem to fit here, and it's pricey. The drinks and the service are both wonderful.  But the one of a kind atmosphere really makes this place wonderful.
4	Long my favorite Brazilian steakhouse (churrascaria), at least until I ate at Fogo de Chao (which I have also reviewed here), Rumjungle is a restaurant until about 10PM when it becomes a nightclub.  The decor is pure Vegas, with fiery waterfalls, mood lighting and throbbing music.  I've eaten here half-a-dozen times, and have always ordered the same thing: the Firepit.  That's just Rumjungle's term for rodizio, when servers bring out meat on skewers to your heart's content.  All diners at the table have to order this, but if you are with good eaters, it shouldn't be hard to persuade them.  You are started off with a great Peruvian salad and then rice and beans, along with bread, fried plantains and a tasty chimichurri.  Then the parade of protein starts.  My favorites are the pork with pineapple, the sirloin and the bacon-wrapped chicken.  Predictably, rum is the featured spirit here and they have a very deep selection.  The specialty drinks are OK, but you're better off asking for a classic cocktail made with some of that uber high-quality rum.  The wine list is merely average.For the price of you meal, you can stay when Rumjungle the nightclub opens up.  It's not really a big enough space, especially when compared to some of the better known Vegas clubs, so be prepared to be packed in when the crowd picks up.
4	I came here for my birthday and had so much fun dancing - the DJ was great!! Great atmosphere and nice space - I loved the wall of booze that was colorfully backlit behind the bar. I love Mandalay and when I come back I will def head back to Rumjungle for some booty-shakin!
3	The rumjungle is a fun little place. But, I still have some complaints. I think that the venue is one of the nicer ones. However, I was not real impressed with the bird caged dancers. The DJ was pretty good, until he started playing things like ice ice baby and some other real funky techno type tunes. I loved the wall of bottles. That was awesome and just pretty as it was illuminated from within.  Voss water is the standard here, about $8 per bottle. At least it isn't like Cherry, where the bottle is 1/2 the size but the same price. The small stage on the far left was a real treat as there were dancers performing and even a circle of breakers/poppers. The walls were adorned with crazy art work and some were covered in water. The food was just OK for the price that it was. I have to admit, though, this place is always jumpin. The most surprising thing to me was the cost of bottle service. It is actually fairly reasonable.  I was impressed. My bartender was pouring some liquid fire but I have to say, delicious...despite his SUPER SOUR attitude and him rolling his eyes at my $5 tip for the first drink I ordered from him. Shit, have a lil gratitude!! geez. people work hard for their buck now...i understand. but, dang. . . being a part time bartender myself, i appreciate any and all tips. goodness! good times, diverse crowd, great pictures with friends and awesome refreshments. =P
4	4 stars is for service we received from bar tender.The restaurant was Vegas decorated with a very dark but interesting ambiance. We had went to Mandalay to see Lion King.  We didn't think to make reservations.  I guess on a holiday weekend not the best thing to do.It all worked out because it was still Happy Hour and sitting at the bar with the very attentive Calvin, Conner, Caleb (not sure what his name was) was a pleasant surprise after the rude hostess.  (she practically laughed in our face because of lack of reservation)Happy hour prices have appetizers and some drinks @ $7 until 7pm.So our meal was only $90ish.  Not sure if I would go back here for dinner @ a table or not.  I think we'd opt for sitting @ the bar though.  OH VIP section was rather funny :D
3	We went at 7 PM on a Sunday night, and it was pretty calm.  Lots of empty tables.  No pounding music and no crowds.  We only had a couple drinks and an appetizer... amazon chicken skewers... which was amazing.  I hear it gets pretty crazy crowded there later at night.
4	We all loved the whole concept of Rumjungle. The endless slabs of flavorful skewered meats, strong drinks & live hot entertainment. What more could you want, right! Wish we would have stayed for the club but, our reservations were at 7pm so, we hit up Eye Candy to pass time and unfortunately we got to tipsy to go back to Rumjungle. There will always be next time!!
4	Rum jungle....Delicious...... if you plan on dinning into this joint make sure you order the Rodizio fire pit.  It is delectable and totally filling.  I enjoyed the sausage and the pork the best.  They came out with this corn on the cob covered in grated cheese, muy bien! They also have a plethora of rum cocktails... go figure.  Careful if you order the Strokeano.... It will destroy you!
3	This is how it normally goes when I want to go to the Rumjungle...Me: "Dude, the Rumjungle looks cracking!"Friends give Interesting looks all around.Me: "But, there's are playing Nelly, when do you ever hear that in the club?"Boyfriend gives mixed expression. Me: Sigh fine.Rumjungle is a wild, crazy bar on steroids. Jello filled ass shaking, a divine booty bumping rum infused dance off. I am used to seeing go go dancers but these girls know how to get the party started. I literally could feel my heart pumping with excitement. When you have no reason to spend 1,000$ for bottle service or vip and just wanna go drunk dancing with your closest friends head to the Rumjungle.  Half naked girls swinging from wires getting alcohol from this tall tower of rum, crazy girls on the bar pouring down shots into eager men's mouths, waterfalls all over the club and a ton of Congo drums that appear to be levitating....The drinks here are the main reason why The RumJungle gets 3.5 stars besides the atmosphere... there are around 150 types of Rum. The house special is strong yet smooth and taste delicious. Def start with that and grab some rum cocktails. Went here with my best friend in the world because she has been taking over Vegas 3 times a year for 10 years strong. So she knows about all these types of places, we heart the Rumjungle!
5	Ever met someone who was bipolar and each personality was an extreme opposite - as in complete madness and complete joy? That would seem to describe rumjungle - a place that is sometimes a mad club with overpriced drinks and at other times a delicious Brazilian bbq with some of the most delicious food I have EVER consumed. We ordered the Rodizio fire pit, which is a $33 all you can eat Brazilian BBQ with both unlimited meat AND appetizers. First we began with a mixed plate that included a couple different salads, cold cuts of salami, cheese, and potato salad. The bread was warm, toasted on the outside but soft on the inside, and came with a pesto-olive oil like substance that was garlic flavored (you dipped the bread in it). It was tangy and satisfying, and I could have powered through a whole night of just bread and sauce had the meat not come. Oh and the cuban black beans served with pineapple white rice were fricking AMAZING. Then the meats hit.The meats that came out included:-Applewood smoked Bacon wrapped chicken (guava chipotle bbq sauce) - HANDS DOWN THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER HAD. Crispy outside, chewy inside and made me shake - it was that good-Chorizo-Free range turkey with habanero ginger sauce-Tri tip beef with rub of garlic and chiles-Top Round Lamb-Top sirloin with sugar cane and guava caramelized demiglaze - SOOOO TENDER and the outside was lightly sweet and joygasmic-Tamarind and rum glazed pork with pineapple - anything with pineapple just screams awesomenessWhitney, our uber cute hostess, brought everything with a smile, and I swear she was flirting with me. Unless she's that cool with everyone. Whitney, if you're reading this - send me a message! ;-)All of the servers who brought the meat out were really nice too and let me take pics of the various cuts. Service awesome, food AMAZING, and I left here having paid $50 (tax, tip and everything, although I only had a diet coke). It was kinda dark in here, but the food takes care of any atmosphere gripes.I would come back here in a heartbeat - for the food anyway. The last time I came here for the bar, it was utter chaos.
3	sigh...had I written this after my last trip to Vegas, it would have been 5 stars.  On my most recent trip, it was 80s night.  I thought that would be a kinda cool change from the norm, however, the DJ was 80s retarded.  She kept mixing in Black Eyed Peas and other assorted non 80s music, and it was always with poor timing.  I would fire the chick who was DJing July 8th.  Also, the crowd was pretty middle aged.  As a twenty something I prefer to dance with other twenty somethings, but my friends and I had to be the youngest by a good twenty years.  I was a bit disappointed because I have normally had an amazing time there.  The last time I went they had acrobat girls on the ceilings, great music, and guys on percussion matching the beats.  This most recent trip was quite the let down.  I hope that my next visit is a good one.PS...the bartender we had, which I refer to fondly as Nashville, was a doll.
3	This is a food review: We did the rodizio fire pit here. The restaurant was not very busy so they had all the diners in one small area so it felt kind of weird being in this island of activity in an otherwise empty room. The decor was pretty interesting to look at though. The servers here are all very well trained. Ask any question about the menu and they have a spiel ready to go. The cocktails sounded good, but no one else wanted to try one since they were so expensive, so I didn't get to enjoy since I didn't want to drink alone.Like I said, we all did the rodizio, which I thought would be more popular, but it seemed like the vast majority of tables were ordering off the menu. There is no buffet here. Instead you get a gaucho platter that has a selection of salads, meats, cheese, beans, and corn. I actually found this to be the best part of the meal. The salads were really good. You can ask for more if you'd like, but I held back since I wanted to save room for meat. You're also supposed to get bread, but we never got bread. They seemed to be somewhat inconsistent on that. The table next to us got bread right after they ordered, we never got bread, and the table across from us got bread after they had finished eating and looked kind of upset about it. It appeared to be just normal bread though. It would have been nice if they offered the cheese bread. That table that got their bread at the end seemed kind of cursed the whole time we were there. They were there before us and also both ordered the rodizio, but the gauchos kept skipping them. I think it was because they barely touched their salad. They continued to get skipped even after we were getting meat. The guy sat their the whole time glaring, but never said anything. They should adopt the red/green system here. Our busser was especially good. She never let our drinks go empty for long. This is my third trip to a Brazilian BBQ and I think I liked the meat here the most. The other places I have tried had more variety, but the quality didn't seem as good and also the seasoning they used wasn't as overpowering. That being said, I don't think I like Brazilian BBQ. It's just too much meat for me.
4	This review is for the restaurant...I never saw the crazy club part!  The Rumjungle is a split personality spot that is  one part Brazilian Steak house one part crazy club.We ordered the Rodizio firepit which is a bargain in Vegas at $33 per person all you can eat style with salads, sides and appetizers.  The cocktails were pricey (but hey, it's Vegas so sorta expected).  The meat from the firepit was melt in your mouth good and they were able to accomodate everyone (some wanted well done others wanted rare) They had many many sauces, but I was able to get them to bring me extra chimichurri (which I love) and I put that on everything.Delish......
3	When visiting Vegas for the first time and if this the first club that you go to then I say yes, GREAT TIME. However going here after experiencing other places on the strip, is kind of a let down. It's not as big as I thought it would be, and the dancers don't really build up any excitement...because you can't see them! They're so high up I wouldn't have known they were there. I do admire them for their awe-some bar display; compliments to their very high ceilings. And their bartenders seem to be more knowledgeable than most in regards to drink requests. Overall, average review. Didn't strike me as anything special.
2	What the hell happened to this place. If you think this is the rum jungle of like 3-4 years ago, you're in for a major disappointment.Gone is the sexiness, the awesome light effects, the dance floor and everything else. This place has literally been chopped in half, there is no cover charge and the clientele blows as a result. I'd rather pay 20-30 bucks a person and not feel like im partying in the 909. This is what rum jungle has become? This used to be my favorite place to grab dinner and then stay for the club, but it is nothing like it used to be. Fudge this skank hole. Go somewhere else.
3	We came here for our "family dinner" with all the work peeps in town for the tradeshow.  There was 19 of us & we signed up for the firepit at $33 a person. For a dinner for 19 with a great amount of food & drinks this place is pretty affordable for VEGAS. The food was "ok" and the drinks were pretty good  The one problem we have with this place is VERY slow and the dinner took almost 3.5 hours. It took almost 30 mins to get our drinks. I don't know if we will go back next year but the experience wasn't that bad.
4	Was here on 9/26 Saturday night. I'm not one for waiting in lines. I hate them in fact. Decided to come to this place to kill sometime while some other places' lines died down. We ended up staying the whole night. No line and was a smaller more intimate establishment. The DJ was good enough and cocktails were $10 a piece. Not too bad.Good mix of crowd young and old and of course you have your mix of crazies who think they're still in their 20's. Entertainment can't get better than that.After a long night out its definitely nice to just leave and take the elevator up to your room to crash. Don't know if I could have made it any further than that.This place did the job!
4	This is a review of the restaurant, not the club.We were in town for a bachelorette party, but it was just three of us the first night.  We decided to hit up Rum Jungle because the prices seemed pretty decent and it looked like a reasonably fun atmosphere.Admittedly on a Thursday night, this place was DEAD.  There was hardly anyone there.  Regardless, we were there for dinner which was excellent.  Two of us ordered the "fire pit" which was mass quantities of meat.  I barely ate more than one bite of each item.  My other friend who ordered just the jerk chicken seemed much happier since it was a more reasonable quantity of food.This is a GREAT place to take guys who like meat.  I wish my husband had been with us because he would have loved it.  It is a fun atmosphere too.  The lighting effects on the bar, the water features- all were awesome.Also, the bathrooms are a must see.  Sounds strange I know, but the ceiling is lit up like the night sky and it is so cool!
3	We were here for a party thrown by the Movement.  The DJ was GREAT.  We had a GREAT time dancing and drinking all night.   However, there was too much of the club dedicated to bottle service.  I would love to have a chat with the management to discuss their "strategy" or lack thereof.  Also, we had arranged bottle service in advance.  When we got there the prices were NOT what we were quoted.  All bottles were at least $50 or more than what we had been quoted.  But props to our waitress who gave us the quoted prices......However, she did it so quickly that it made me wonder how often this happened........booooo.Overall, I would go here again.  Don't know if I would get bottle service again, it probably depends on who I was with.
5	We ordered the Rodizio fire pit, which is a $33 all you can eat Brazilian BBQ with both unlimited meat AND appetizers. The food was SO good. Service was good. They kept coming around asking if we needed anything else. I can't wait to go back again.
5	This place is BOMB!We got the All you can eat for $40 bucks per person and the coconut shrimp. The CS was to DIE FOR and the coconut rice was out of this world.The all you can eat comes with coconut rice, salad, cheese/crackers, beans and chips...The servers came out with meat on their swords and cut pieces off from it.  Endless drinks, DJ was cracking, all servers males were buff, which is a big plus.Im totally coming back when I visit  Vegas...
1	We went here for happy hour the last time in Vegas. We were killing time before the UFC show and sat at the bar. The drinks were ok, nothing special, and the happy hour menu was really small.The food was awful. We ordered the chicken nachos and they were probably the worst nachos I've ever had. The chicken was weird tasting, the cheese was kinda like "cheese from a can" and the chips were all soggy. Pretty inedible. I'd hate to find out what their real food is like on the overpriced menu! Yikes!
5	I was surprised that this club was pretty cool.  The drinks are cheap, the music was good.  This was our first stop on the club hopping package.  We should have stayed here instead of going to Pure afterwards.
3	They make really strong drinks here.  If you want to get wasted, order the Volcano.  The last time I was here we tried the Conch and it was yummy.  I haven't tasted the full menu.  The music is good here, but the club wasn't as happening as it used to be.
4	This review goes for the restaurant and not the "club" aspect of this establishment.The server (also named Kevin) was excellent and extremely attentive.  As for the fire pit (your best bet here) my favorite meats were the chili rubbed fillet and the pork.  The tune poke appetizer is amazing (if your a fan of sushi grade room temperature ahi tuna that is).  There was a bit too much of the black pepper vinaigrette on the bermuda ensalada, but it was otherwise good.  For after dinner we tried the smores banana split which was absolutely amazing.  Its made with caramel, chocolate and vanilla ice creams which are all home made at the rum jungle.  I also tried the vanilla cappuccino, which was excellent. I highly recommend this place, especially if you are staying at the Mandalay.
1	If RumJungle were a person, I would take intense delight in running in place on his genitals.  Then again, if RumJungle were a person, he'd probably be one of those 250 lb. dudes that have a myriad of neck tattoos and work out just enough to have big arms but flabby man boobs.  And although I'm plenty sneaky, my record in my surprising number of street fights over the years is reminiscent of the current state of affairs with California's state budget.  So where does that leave my analogy?  Touche...
4	This Brazilian restaurant that turns into a lounge an club by night exemplifies Las Vegas. Hot chicks, great food and a ne'er ending night-life. The food here is great, specially if you love meat. I recommend you go with the fixed meat dinner which means they will continue to bring meat to you until you beg them to stop. If you dine here in the evening, get your hand stamped so you can return to the club without paying or getting in line. The cage dancers, waterfall and music add to the experience that you will never forget.
3	I've been to Rumjungle twice...first time was a few years ago for drinks. It was okay..a bit to loud for my taste.The most recent time was this pas Jan for dinner and the menu is basically Brazilian...food was surprisingly good.  I wasn't impressed with the size of table, lighting and service. Overall it was okay...nothing to get too excited about.
2	Review is for dinner. I actually give it 2.5 stars but they deserve to be rounded down... Menu for dinner was tiny, disappointing. Decided to go with the Caribbean jambalaya and it was ok, but the flavors were a little too coconut-y. The pina colada on the rocks-esk drink I had was ok. Food made me sick afterward though, maybe it was the way too sweet drinks (only had two so don't blame it on the boos). It annoyed me that we paid over $100 for two people for OK food, and they were trying to convert everything over to club mode so we were rushed out and the end of our dinner was ruined with loud music. This was only at 9pm! I won't be back.
3	I have visited Rumjungle twice. Both for dinner. First time- I was highly intoxicated. Food seemed impressive (it's Brazilian churrascaria)  and from what I could remember, turkey was really salty. Second time- I was highly sober. Food turned out to be not so impressive. I don't know if this is a result of diminishing returns or because this is true. Either way, food was still good, service was excellent, and alcohol is extensive as far as choices. Try the rum jungle drink, it's pretty good and loaded with lots of rum so you get your money's worth. Favorite meats: lamb and tri-tip. I also like their salad. The turkey this time around didn't seem too salty and the pork loins was very lean. Don't even bother with the breads they give you. Filler foods are for fools. (Nice alliteration. You know it!)After having this twice, I think I am done with Rumjungle. Would I recommend it? Yeah, sure why not! It is pretty good after all!
5	THIS REVIEW ID FOR THE BAR NOT THE FOOD OR THE CLUBI love RUMRJ has the best collection of rums I have ever seen. If you wanted to know anything about the rum just ask. They are more then happy to tell you about each of them. Not sure how one tastes, get there early and have a seat. They allow a little tasting as long as you buy something. * STROH 160 proof will burn your throat for the rest of the night and morning. Shoot is carefully.
1	Chill place to hangout but tiny back room dance floor. You can't even bring drinks to the dance floor back there that looks like an alley way haha  =/
5	This review pertains to the Brazilian barbecue: attractive men carrying around sword-like skewers with all-you-can-eat meat and carving it right onto your plate. Delicious.
5	More like YUM Jungle.Liked it . A lot. several meats on sticks.wished I had not worn such a slutty outit so I could keep on a eatin'.
2	The food was just okay... Honestly how can screw up Chicken that's why I ordered it!!! Because it's Simple!!! Good thing our waiter was cool though!
4	I am so lucky we stumbled on to Rumjungle. We were not going to eat here at first, but we couldn't find the Italian restaurant we were looking for, so we figured we might as well give it a shot. Sooooooo glad that we did. First of all the place has an awesome decor. Every couple of seconds the (huge) bar that is lit up these crazy nights turns a different color. They also have huge exotic drapes and exotic couches and pillows placed throughout the restaurant.As far as the food goes, I tried the fire pit, which is all you can eat. First they start you off with Brazilian salad, with rice and beans, corn on the cob, two different kinds of cheese (american and provolone), salami, ham, potato salad and some type of cucumber salad. They then come around with huge slabs of meat (it is not as barbaric as it sounds) for you to choose from. You can choose one or all and you just keep eating until you feel like you are about to pop! They have beef, chicken, turkey, sausage, lamb, and steak. Everything has a different type of marinade. It is all amazing. My favorite was the sausage and chicken wrapped in bacon. Oh and the beans and rice were super yummy too. I wish there was a good Brazilian restaurant in my area. Um, maybe I can find on through yelp :-)
5	The Rum Jungle is a five star experience. The food is out of this world. The fire pit is the way to go.They keep brining you skewers of meat until you cant take anymore. The flavor of everything was perfect. Rum Jungle's best feature is the drink menu. I had my favorite drinks of all time at Rum Jungle. Our server Lars was totally awesome. He really made our night amazing. If you are going to Vegas I would not miss the Rum Jungle for any reason!
1	I went here when I first turned 21...8 years ago!  Damn, that was tough to admit.  It was so long ago, I don't know how useful this review will be.  I remember it being hot as hell, with no place to sit, chicks puking in the bathroom sinks, and techno music with this big guy pounding on drums elevated above the crowd.I haven't been back since and I probably never will.  I can't say for sure since you never know what can happens when you're in Vegas.
5	My partner and I went to Rum Jungle on last weekend while we were in Vegas and it was amazing!  This was his first time he had been and it was my 4th visit.  I have been 3 times now with friends/family and I planned a company dinner their last June.  The service is always above and beyond, and the food is like no other.  Their servers always have answers to your questions about the food and their recommendation for drinks are right on.  The music at night, when it changes to bar/club, is also great!  I honestly do not have a bad thing to say about Rum Jungle and will certainly return when I am in town.
3	We don't go to many clubs, so I am by no means an expert on what makes a good one.  That being said, I'll share my thoughts on Rumjungle, which provided just enough of a good time without making me feel ancient.Having decided to go to a club in Vegas, we headed over to Mandalay Bay at around 10pm.  Very luckily, as we wandered through the casino, a lovely man in a suit offered us VIP entry.  This was mildly shocking, as I was with my husband and I am given to understand that doesn't usually help matters, but yay!  No cover!  We went in, to join the approximately 20 other people there.  Our drinks (both from the bar menu - we like to try something new) were roughly $15 a piece, and pretty watered down, so don't do that...probably a standard rum and Coke is more the thing.  Tables are reserved for those purchasing a bottle (didn't ask the price tag on that), and seating is otherwise just a few benches around the dancefloors, so leave any extraneous weight at home.  Rumjungle filled up by 11pm or so (this was a Friday), and the crowd seemed to be mostly folks in their 20s, dressed trendily but not so ridiculously that you felt like you were wandering through a Top Model commercial.  A few people were in their 40s, but they looked definitively uncomfortable.  There was one scantily-clad dancer over the entrance, where the DJ was, but no one noticed her.  We felt bad that she was stuck up there wasting her time.  The DJ was decent - played some good songs and then some boring ones - pretty standard.  We lasted for about an hour and a half before my heels were killing me, but the dancing was a lot of fun.All in all, assuming you don't have to wait or pay a cover (there was a line when we left around midnight), this was a fun place to dance for a few hours.  Be aware that the tram that heads back to the Excalibur stops at midnight, so either take a cab or walk it back to your hotel of choice.  And get your groove on!
4	I went here for my bachelor party. The drinks can be a tad pricey, but the vibe is awesome. If you are bored, just take a look above.
5	We ate at this location on a whim, lured in by the humungous rum-stocked bar, relatively reasonable prices (for Mandalay Bay), and a diverse menu. We were blown away by the quality of drinks. 1 and done! Strong mixes of rums justify the Vegas prices! We needed to take our drinks to go! Tacky, I know, but a suggestion of our server who knew we had a show to attend.The service was remarkable, almost perfect. Plenty of information was given on selections, suggestions were honest, and accommodations were made. Our service was outstanding but not overly attentive. The food, as well, impressed. We didn't have time to indulge in the array of meats being served but couldn't stop marveling at those who were treated to a barrage of meat choices. I settled for a jambalaya that I desperately attempted to finish but just could not.
4	A friend and I went to Rumjungle on a Thursday night and we were very impressed at both the ambiance (nice bar and dining areas) and the food.Way too many rums to ever try them all--but it is well worth the attempt.  The top-shelf mojito that I had was sublime.Brazilian-style dining with an all-you-can-eat meat and vegetables options for around $35 per adult.  One of the better deals--considering the very good food quality--in Las Vegas.Highly recommended, especially if you are already staying at or near the MGM Grand hotel/casino.
4	Will....die...for...the...wings......OMG! And I love their extensive selection of Rums!!!
4	This place has to have the largest bar I've ever seen that runs all the way to the ceiling!  I loved the ambiance and decor and if you're a meat eater you will not be disappointed because they have unlimited meats of all kinds.  Not be a major carnevor so I stuck the salmon and I was not disappointed.We were here on a Saturday night and if you can make it on the weekend then get here before 10 PM to have dinner stay until 11 PM  to see the place turn over into a dance club equip with an amazing DJ and go-go dancers.  Oh, and find Katie the bartender she's awesome.  Order the signature drink, the Red Hawk, make with organic Vodka. Need I say more? It's Vegas baby!
4	If you strictly  Love Hip Hop and R/B this is you placeGreat place to eat and party, I ate there once on my second time in Vegas I had the fire pit. which is $50 which is steep but worth it. Little that I know Rum Jungle turn into a club after the restaurant shuts down  so my  party stayed instead of going to another venue  and It was live this was in 2005. As I revisit there last November of 2009 It did not let me down Hip Hop and R/B all night Best spot If you like those Genres drink price's was Vegas but I must of been tipping the Bartender good because I got Bay Area  prices for two consecutive nights with the same bartender. So my verdict great atmosphere ,strong drinks,All different type's of rum Hip hop and R/B strictly man I have a hard time going to other club's while in Vegas after experiencing the Rum Jungle.
1	R.I.P rum jungle techno and reggaeton?  is the play list now ? Whats the change from seven month's ago. Are the trying to get a certain clientele now also they gave us free passes to enter and we left early but was able to get re entry stamp. Another one of my favorite club's is gone or garbage now.
4	An interesting take on brazilian steakhouse.  Great eye candy if you get dinner in before it turns into a club as well ;).
3	Refreshing drinks and friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable service.The food is anticlimactic exccept for the chimichurri served with the bread. I got the skirt steak which was pretty much flavorless not to mention tiny.The atmosphere is fun though and after dinner there is dancing. More delicious drinks while burning off the boring food!
2	I went to Vegas for my 30th birthday with BFF's who are English teachers. In their honor I am going to describe Rumjungle using only adjective:Weak. Lame. Pricey. Boring. Stoggy. Stuffy. Ho-hum. Humdrum. Flat. Drab. Weary. Wearisome. Tiring. Tiresome. Monotonous. Pedestrian. Dreary. Dry. Slow. Uninteresting. Unentertaining. Unsatisfying. Lackluster. Common. Lumbering. Expensive. Dull. Deadening. Irksome. Bothersome. Tedious. Insipid. Tame.
4	Outstanding food!  Service was pretty good, but not the best.  I have to say that the food was definitely worth going back for.  If you get to Vegas, I would recommend eating at Rum Jungle.
4	This place is a great time! The staff is great and the bottles are cheap! Me and a few friends went and bought bottles of Sky for 175 a pop. Compared to 300 in Boston, this is a great deal. Especially if you are going to be buying mix drinks all night anyway. It is Vegas so obviously there were dancers, they were a good touch. The bar had a great feel to it. If you have a table it is quiet and easy to get away from the crowed and when you get bored you can step right off to the dance floor. Security was great along with the servers. If I make it down to Vegas again I will definitely go back!
5	Chimichangas were amazing. Nachos were AMAZING.  Our server was friendly as hell and joked with my family when we made light of taking shots for my birthday and my eleven year old brother filled an empty shot glass with water. The only thing during dinner that was a disappointment was how dry the pork turned out. Every other piece of meat the came out was super savory and delicious. Even the rice and beans were special. Chorizo probably made the dinner. Absolutely 100% satisfied with my dinner experience. Came to the club later and although it wasn't packed I was still thoroughly entertained by some of the older guests that were too drunk to care what anyones opinion was. Classy.
4	cool spot to go to w/o cover. we went pretty late at like 1:00 or 2:00am. nice and spacious the time we went.
3	This place was just OK.  We ended up at Rumjungle after we left a club that was way too packed for our liking.  Rumjungle was the total opposite, not many people inside, most of them were sitting on the benches that surround the place.  The music was really bad, kind of technoish.  This was a Saturday night too, so I dont think it would be much better on a different night of the week, but I could be wrong.
3	i recently visted Rumjungle I made reservations through open table did the late dinner option as someone suggested on here to aviod waiting in any lines. The dinner was decent and the server was friendly as well as the couple of bouncers that we talked to. The drinks were good as well but with drinks at any club in Vegas they are pricey.The music was good as well current stuff was played and the go go dancers did their thing. My only two  complaints would be the group of guys who were constanly break dancing and sliding across the floor it was like a version of Step Up the low budget version. I felt like i was at a high school dance where people make a circle and battle LAME. The second complaint is the enforcment of the dress code its supposed to be upscale but i witnessed middle aged men in flip flops and shorts not club attire at all FAIL.overall i will most likely skip this club in the future
3	Went to Rumjungle on Saturday night for a few drinks, but it was CLOSED. Oh well, headed next door to Red Square for those drinks and found our favorite bartender from Rumjungle over there now. He said he didnt know if or when it would reopen or reopen as something new.
2	This is for the nightclub. It was pretty empty. No line, no cover. Most people have not heard of it.Mostly people there for bottle service since it was cheap there.Not the place to go for a Vegas clubbing experience.
3	Nice selection of rum. Matt was a knowledgeable bartender; a refreshing change. Good music. Unfriendly crowd of mostly guys trying to pick up chicks.
5	Don't miss this joint if you are within walking/stumbling distance.
3	Had I written this review when I first came here, I would have looked back at it fondly.  But now, that it's been about 6 years since, and I've been to so many more enjoyable places... Meh... I dug the atmosphere, and at the time, it was one of the hotter places in Vegas, but the last time I was there, it was starting to see a down turn in clientele... Which, I suppose is why it's now closed.Oh well... I've have fond memories of the place, and that's that.
4	I am sad to see the place go.Good food, good drinks.Tata.
5	Sorry to see this place closed. We stayed at Mandalay Bay for two nights before heading to Zion on our honeymoon. We came back every time we came back to Vegas. We felt pampered here. The salmon, the wasabi mashed potatoes, the coconut rice and those ribs were incredible. They gave us sames of different rum. I obviously could care less about the club scene. I wish I could get the recipe for those ribs.
5	I met my wife here, Feb 14th 2004. Crazy night! Nothing mor than the promise of a date the next night. We had dinner at China Grille, and she moved across the country and it's 2012 now.....I'm devastated it's gone, but what can you do? I have pics from the night but....it's all a memory nw! RIP Rum Jungle
