4	I've avoided this place so long. Because I was afraid. The exterior and location just made me think it was full of sketchy people doing sketchy things that I didn't want to be a part of. However, get a few drinks in me, and I'm up for (just about) anything. After snacks and several beverages at Jaded, my girlfriend and I were headed back to the Westside to call it a night. But as we drove, the itch to keep rolling on through the night persisted.Since the Water Hole / Daddy's / whatever they were last calling it when it went straight, our options on that side of town were nil. Then we thought of Oz -- not *too* far away, but scary as hell. We gave it a shot, and are glad that we did. Once inside the door, it was like Dorothy's dream, color everywhere, unlike her black and white reality. OK, maybe that was the cocktails tweaking my memory. But it is a kajillion times brighter and cleaner on the inside than it is on the outside. Plus, the bartender was so friendly and funny. He kept us laughing the whole night. The patrons were also very charming and nice. As a bonus - there's an awesome jukebox -- IF you can get your songs in. You might have to wait through a bunch of Madonna.I did dock a couple of stars for the limited beer and liquor selection.
4	what the Hell-when did they only gay bar on the Westside go straight? What an Effin' shame...Anywho, back to the task at hand. I love a good, friendly, divey bar. This place has it all: nice bartenders who pour a mean drink, good jukebox, cheap prices, pool/darts, and this place has had a patio where you can take your drink out for a long time-even before the ban. Granted, it's not the prettiest place, but it's not a shabby hole either. Sure you might get a crazy guy wander in from Crip-Town across the way, but they seem to get the picture pretty quick-you are welcome as long as you don't annoy the animals. everyone seems to get along just swell. Good place for a drink or two after work when you don't feel pretty enough for Cobalt, but not quite slummy enough for Cruisin' 7th.
4	Oz is a great local bar and a nice change from the bumping Charlie's (which, don't get me wrong, is still a good bar). Booker, the bartender, is the coolest and will bring you any of the toys on the back counter, so long as he has time. The cheap prices, awesome juke box (sorry Korina, we were probably the ones playing all the Madonna) and a chance of spotting Stephanie Ann--the most fabulous drag queen around who really knows her vodka--are but a few of the reasons why I  love this place. It's also walking distance from my BFF's house.
5	OZ has been having 2 for 1 drink specials until 8 pm everyday in December! YAY!The Saturday before Christmas. My family is in San Francisco at 'The Dickens Festival' inside Cow Palace, without me. I was distraught being separate from them this holiday.Low and behold! I walked into Oz and we had our own Dicken's Fest. I was so happy. My man even beat everyone in pool and won a $10 gift card to the bar :)Men in speedos and scarves dancing on mini stages, $1 jello shots, free pizza if you show your c*ck...Dicken's Fest!Happy Holidays Yelpers!
5	Don't let the outside of this bar fool you! Sure from the outside it does look a little shady and scary, but once you get past that it all changes! The people here are all so laid back and friendly, and they welcome everyone in and make you feel right at home. Plus, they have free darts, free pool, free wifi, and free popcorn - EVERY DAY. There's also karaoke on Friday nights, and go-go dancers Fridays and Saturdays. Oh yea, and 2-4-1 drinks on Mondays! The bartenders are all super friendly and will chat with you and keep you laughing all night. Overall, it's just the perfect little neighborhood hole in the wall type bar!
