4	Sometimes hotel restaurants are at best mediocre. Harvest Moon Grille at the Dunhill is off to a great start.  Located in the historic Dunhill Hotel uptown. From what I can tell, it's a simple menu, focusing on local and seasonal produce and meats.  My eggs benedict, with a southern twist of toast and sausage were delicious, served with potato and sweet potato hashbrowns .  It's a little bit on the hotel expensive side, but easy to pay for when you know it's good products and made with care.  Can't wait to try dinner! Two pluses, were good service and decent coffee.
2	Our meal here just kept getting worse and worse. They seem to be in a transition period as they convert the restaurant from Monticello to Harvest Moon Grille. We had a really tough time even finding the restaurant since there was no sign on the building. Also, their menu didn't even have a restaurant name on it. Bizarre. They really should have just shut down the place until they can fully open up the new spot!Nonetheless a big chalk board indicated they are now Harvest Moon Grille. Their brunch menu was kind of odd, and I had a hard time finding something really good to try. My boyfriend ordered the eggs benedict, and then at the recommendation of our server I ordered the "Eye Opener" which was something to the effect of a fried egg covered in hollandaise, sausage, all on a biscuit I believe. Came with choice of potatoes or grits. I chose grits.After we ordered, we waited. And waited. And waited. I realized it was going to be a LONG wait so I ordered some coffee to sip on. We probably waited for 20-30 minutes even though there were very few tables in the restaurant. I was a little peeved at all the servers/staff just standing around doing nothing. When the food finally came out, I first notice that I was given potatoes instead of grits. So I asked for the grits, which probably took another 5-10 minute to retrieve. Also the potatoes were sweet potatoes, which was not indicated on the menu. I personally like sweet potatoes and the concept of having them as a breakfast item; it was just odd this was not said on the menu.We also noticed that my dish didn't really look like what I had envisioned in my head. First of all, it was presented like a burger, which is another item on their brunch menu. I asked the server if she was sure I got the right thing, and she said yes. I couldn't see, or taste for that matter, the hollandaise that was supposed to be there. There was no biscuit, instead, a soft bread. And my egg was not fried, it was scrambled. So if that dish was indeed the Eye Ppener, they really need to fix their menu because that is not at all what I thought I was getting. We asked for additional hollandaise that never came.Finally, once the meal was over and we were paying our check, one of the staff members came over to fill our water glasses. Immediately my boyfriend noticed that there was all sorts of stuff floating in our water. We pointed this out to the server that had just poured us water and she seemed confused and sort of laughed it off. We were not given new waters- or even an apology. I would definitely not return to this spot. Not sure what their deal is as they transition to their new concept, but they have quite a few kinks to work out.
3	I want to be able to 5 star this place SUPERbadly. But I can't, at least for brunch. Flavors were solidly safe, portions decent (a marked improvement over the Hill's previously tiny servings) and ingredients of good quality (as my bright orange over-easy egg yolk can attest to). The service is confused - brekkie vouchers throw a wrench into the works that the crew has trouble working out. Plus I don't think I've ever received the side I ordered, either at the new place, or the old. I'm forever tweeze-fingering bacon strips off my plate or staring, enviously, at the grits I ordered but never got at the table next to mine.Space is vastly different from Monticello. Since I really liked the peeling-paint run-down white linen foyer that used to be here, I admit to being a little sad about the change. Still, it's cute, bright, modern.Hopefully they'll shake the newbie dust off and kill it. I'll wait 'em out a month and give dinner a shot. As long as they're willing to feed a veggie, that is.
4	Went to Harvest Moon for Sunday Brunch.  I ordered the Ashley Breakfast Burrito.  It was made with scrambled eggs and mashed potatoes together with a spicy salsa and mushrooms.  I found it to be well cooked and the flavor combinations worked well together.  My only thought was that perhaps it could use one more solid ingredient to enhance the soft texture of the other ingredients.  I haven't exactly been able to determine what yet exactly, black beans, chicken...?  It was served with a side of sliced apples and pears.My husband ordered the pork burger and given the speed at which he scarfed it down he seemed to like it!  His dish came with a side of salad.  The portions were a decent size and the food was very fresh.Note though that the place is quite small and lacks noise proofing so it can get loud in there.  We evidently hit the pre-theatre crowd because when we walked by an hour later it was completely dead.  Our waiter seemed a little unsure and new to the role but I guess we all have to start some where.Given that quality, farm fresh ingredients are high on the list of importance for me in restaurant dining, I would go back to give it another try for lunch or dinner.
5	Wow. That was the best meal I have had (so far!) in Charlotte. The service was amazingly friendly, including conversations about the local produce, internet technology and Widespread Panic (the band).I had the tasty butternut squash soup, then moved on the the braised rabbit (always a treat!) in a tangy ragu with sliced polenta and pungent mushrooms. A side of potatoes was hot and salty!  For dessert I took the recommendation to go with the sweet potato bread pudding and I was NOT disappointed. It was everything I hoped for... with a nice touch of a FRESH french press of DECAF coffee.... that was also perfect.I will be back for breakfast and a deeper exploration of the menu at this great restaurant!Frank
5	Harvest Moone Grille is the best kept secret in Charlotte right now! The entire menu is fresh and local, the staff is extremely knowledgeable about the menu and wine list, and the atmosphere is inviting and intimate. We went last night and had phenomenal food which was all perfectly paired with wines by the maitre'd who told us all about the concept and what we were being served. I will definitely be recommending Harvest Moone Grille to all of my friends and we be returning very soon!
4	I'm not entirely sure what to think of this place. I'm sure all of you super-observant Yelpers have noticed that I've given it 4 stars - because the food was truly very good - but don't I definitely waffled for a little while before giving them the benefit of the doubt.Most of the time, I believe that making delicious food is enough to give a restaurant two legs to stand on, in which case Harvest Moon has got it's balance. I came here for brunch on the weekend with a friend and ended up trying the Cinnamon-Sourdough French Toast, topped with fresh fruit and maple syrup, which was really delicious. The french toast consistency was just right, and the fruit was super fresh - exactly what I'd expect from a true farm-to-table restaurant. All sounds peachy, right?Well...almost. In the case of Harvest Moon, I just didn't quite feel like really good food was enough to squash the ever-present feeling that there was just something...off about the whole place. Its hard to put my finger on, but I think that being handed the lunch menu by the hostess when we arrived, deciding on our selections, only to be informed by our waiter (who took his sweet time getting to us) that they serve breakfast - and only breakfast - until 2:00 was just not the best way to start out the meal, and left me feeling...almost like a nuisance the entire time we were there. Our waiter seemed generally rushed and therefore was not real attentive. And it wasn't like the place was packed out or anything. I'm hoping it's just "new restaurant" jitters and that soon enough the waiters will be the warm and welcoming conduits of food I expect. Until then, good food alone will just have to suffice. I guess there are worse things.
3	I'll echo Julia S' sentiments and note right upfront that I wanted to *love* this place. Adore. Because, frankly, I LOVE their bright orange food truck. The actual restaurant fell just a bit short of a fabulous lunch. The restaurant inside is a bit vanilla. I was expecting a little more pizzazz from the local front. The walls are plain besides the photos of (assuming here) local produce & farms. Table cloths, silverware etc. is standard and fits into the hotel restaurant box. The service was prompt and efficient and I really have to no complaints here. Everything was delivered in a timely manner and he validated my parking, too! And now to the food. I ordered the prosciutto and ricotta panini. Meh. It was fiiiiine. And if you have a spouse and she says something is fiiiiiine, it's usually meh. Or she's pissed at you, whatever. The sandwich was exactly what it described but it was boring. No spice, no joie de vivre, no looooove. The fries, on the other hand, were delightful. Hot, fresh and crispy - they certainly cut them in house. Even ask Tonya P - the fry queen - she enjoyed them. I know I'll come back because I really love their food cart and I want to love this place. The local, farm to fork concept is true here and that definitely stands for something. I'll be back Harvest Moon Grille and I hope my next meal is delicious.
4	What a beautiful concept!  Local clean food, beautiful space, attentive service.  I'm very happy to have Harvest Moon as a Charlotte restaurant option.  We started with the peirogis...cheese and potato goodness just like they should be.  The night squash and potato soup was next...rich, but not too rich with beautiful layers of flavor.  I ended with the pasta toss with vegetables because it was the only vegetarian option that looked like it could stand in for an entree.  The sauce (white wine and butter?) was delicious, but the rest a bit bland.  The vegetables did not seem to compliment each other (mushrooms, broccoli, and cauliflower).  Overall, it was a great meal (and ps, my meat-eating dinnermates were very happy as well!).
5	Reading the previous reviews, I'm at a loss. Either there were some kinks with the opening, or people have some really bizarre expectations. The restaurant is "vanilla?" I don't know about anyone else, but when I go to a place that bills itself as a bistro or grille, I'm not looking to be wowed by their decor. But that said, what was wrong here? Nothing that I could see. The large photographs of the farm were beautiful and created a homey environment that was well in keeping with the "local real food" concept of the place.But that's just it. This restaurant is more than just a place to eat out. It's a place to go to support a CONCEPT, and the sad thing is, it's a concept that shouldn't NEED so much "support" from us diners, it's one that ought to go without saying, that ought to BE the standard not be fighting against the standard. Right now in America, most dining-out experiences are an adventure in self-poisoning. You're served meat and veg-of-unknown origin, harvested or butchered who-knows-how-long-ago, possibly even frozen for months before it was prepared for you, in portions so large you really OUGHT not eat them even if they taste good enough to try (which is rare).Not at Harvest Moon Grille. Your vegetables were in the ground no more than a day or two before you are eating them. Your meat wasn't frozen in pre-fab cuts, and you can bet your sweet sausage it wasn't raised in a 10x10 foot pen and force-fed hormones that you'll be lucky enough to consume TOO when you eat it. And you can TASTE the difference. My meal here was nothing short of perfection. Was it "simple?" Yes, I suppose so, in that "there was no 'bathed in a reduction of exotic, delicately infused with ingredient-I-never-heard-of, and scented with spice-I-can't-pronounce" kind of way. In other words, it was "simple" as in "unpretentious," as in "your self-image as a person who can splurge on expensive fancy food will not be enhanced by dining here and dropping the name." I don't know about anyone else, but that alone gets them the extra star from four to five in my book! I am SICK of restaurants claiming to be "fine dining" that are really nothing more than "pretentious" or "expensive" dining, with food that--packaged differently--would cost a whole lot less and tastes like it.Harvest Moon serves food that just tastes GOOD, no, tastes BETTER than other restaurants, *just as it is.* Case in point? My husband ordered the Pork Chop which was not only cooked to perfection, it came with a plate of sauteed vegetables (that was large enough for the two of us to share, thank goodness b/c I pilfered about half of it from him it was THAT good) that tasted so sublime, I had to ask the server what type of oil was used. I was SURE it was something exotic it was just so flavorful. To my surprise (and pleasure) it was just plain old EVOO! That and salt and pepper. Done. So why did it taste like heaven? Because the VEGETABLES were so fresh and sweet and colorful!  That's it. Same for the Carrot soup I ate (which, by the way, was the best soup I've had anywhere of any flavor). Every part of it was fresh and homemade, the chicken stock, the carrots, everything, and the result was so good I seriously contemplated licking the plate. As it was not THAT casual a place, I opted instead for another one of their HOMEMADE rolls, and the plate appeared as to have never contained food when I was done with it. I had to practically stab my husband in the hand to keep him from stealing too many tastes, and that's from a guy who said minutes before ordering "Meh, I don't really like carrot soup."It was drizzled with just the smallest touch of molasses, and that was that. But wow, blew my mind.But even that was nothing compared with the Brisket "starter" I had (which incidentally was large enough for a smallish meal, so I just had that and the soup and some of hubby's veggies and I was full, perhaps because the flavors are so full and rich, you don't need "more" just to be satisfied (now THERE's a concept we should ALL get behind!). It was rich and tender and served with a delicious horseradish sauce and some simple yams, but really, what else do you need when the meat is so fresh and cooked so well? Nothing but a good glass of red wine, which they ALSO had, and thankfully for me--the wine ignoramus--a knowledgeable and passionate server to recommend it!Desserts were great too, but I'm running out of space to talk about them so I'll just focus on coffee--French Press is standard. Need I say more? Bottom line? If you just love good FOOD, the real deal, natural, homemade, flavorful, where the chef is facilitator and not "artiste" with an attitude, EAT HERE. And when you do, you won't just be eating a great meal, you'll be taking a concept that needs support, the concept that real, whole, LOCAL food shouldn't be so darn hard to find!
3	The Apple Soup is DELICIOUS!I went for lunch yesterday and was completely underwhelmed by everything but this soup. I have no idea how often they have it (it happened to be the soup du jour), but seriously people, if it's on the menu, GET IT! You will not be disappointed...it's almost like a cross between apple cider and apple sauce, very smooth, and it still has a sweetness to it, but with a little kick that you wouldn't expect.I know it sounds strange, but you won't be disappointed!!
3	I met a friend for lunch here the Thursday before New Year's Eve.  The streets were all blocked off and so I had to park in the garage, so that annoyed me since it was $8 for less than an hour.  I went to walk in the front door but there was a sign requesting patrons to go through the hotel because of the cold air.  Apparently I am the only one who can read because everybody else just walked right in that door!The decor stinks, it just felt awkward and sparse in there, especially after walking through the nicely decorated public areas of the Dunhill.  I had the steak sandwich and it was good, as was the side salad.  The roll they gave us to start though was pretty bleh for me.  Our server started off okay and then at the end she just kept ignoring us.  We were the last 2 people in there and I kept trying to make eye contact with her, but to no avail.  Even after she had to see someone else clean our table off she still didn't come by to see how we were or if we needed our check, which we did!Overall, not in a hurry to get back but I wouldn't write it off completely.
4	We ate really well when we were in Charlotte and this place was no exception. Since it was connected to our hotel, we had lunch and dinner here and I was really impressed with both meals. For lunch I had the "Banh Moon," clearly a play on a banh mi, which was really good, which was served with my current obsession - sweet potato fries. For breakfast, trying to be healthy, I had oatmeal. Now, I've never raved about oatmeal in restaurants. I usually regret the choice because its boring and everyone else's food is better. This oatmeal was really good (though they gave me enough to feed 5 people). It was served with apples that had been sauteed in a light butter sauce, which added a really unique punch to the oatmeal. I'm pretty sure that I only ate a fourth of what was served, but it was very filling - super useful because the deposition went through lunch and I didn't get to eat again until we got to the airport at about 7pm. All in all, I was really impressed with the menu and the quality of the meals.
4	Great veg and vegan options; would have liked it more spicy though. Will definitely return.
5	I was in town on business and wanted something other than the multiple steakhouse chains downtown. Great dinner. Very knowledgeable Sommelier and an interesting wine list of reasonably priced treasures. Eclectic menu. Homemade cheese and sausage appetizer. Clever entrees that didn't try too hard. I can tell that the menu changes all the time so there's no point in saying what I had. It was all very good. Stop hunting and eat here.
2	yikes - I guess it is true that this place is a hit or a miss.Served a raw goat burger - and then I was served a way over cooked goat burger. It came as a recommendation of the server but it was terrible even flavor-wise.Awful service- and I paid $24 for a meal  I threw out when I got home.I doubt I would go back ...
2	Well food was fresh and delicious service was way behind the power curve though one of my pet peeves is an empty glass but we had four empty glasses and there were less than a dozen people in the restaurant. O well to many places to go with fresh delicious food and great service than this joint.
3	I wish I could put more stars as I truly appreciate the attention and support for local protein, dairy and vegetable & fruits.  However, other than the wonderful host and one of the chefs I got to meet, I've been disappointed with the service both times I have eaten at Harvest Moon Grill.  Once was for dinner a few weeks back.  The food was wonderful, but requested items for continuously forgotten.  It appeared to be a lack of help as they obviously had not anticipated anything on a Tuesday night uptown.  However, the food WAS quite tasty (I had the sweet potato cakes), that I chose to go back for a birthday lunch to try one of the other entrees.  To my grave disappointment, the lunch menu was basically nothing but burgers.  Besides that there was a hummus wrap (which I would either make at home or pick up at a deli), fish tacos, a Cobb salad and a sweet potato burger.  Since the fish that came in wasn't good and so no tacos, I went with the sweet potato burger which was simply a bigger sweet potato cake on a bun.  Again, the order was made wrong and the staff forgot, neglected or go wrong items for our table.  Everyone was nice, but it does get frustrating when they is constantly something.  Once again, it seemed they were not prepared for the number in for lunch.  At this point, I'd go back if someone else wanted to go but probably not because I suggested.  I hate to say that and maybe its just a learning curve.  Unfortunately, people can take their money elsewhere-quick.
5	The best bacon and grits I have ever had. The bacon was from a pig owned by the chef . The grits were amazingly delicious and really light.I was visiting and now have to prepare myself for being disappointed in any grits and bacon i eat for a long long time.
2	How can you have a cart and be the most delicious thing ever- but have a restaurant that is not as impressive?We went in April with a group of friends. There was nothing light on the menu. I was eating potatoes and carrots. It was heavy. Nothing felt "spring". It felt like a winter menu.Local food does not have to be bland. This was bland. Safe.  I was expecting delicious flavors to be exploding in my mouth (like Harvest Moon Cart)- but that did not happen.Also, there are not that many vegetarian options. That really surprised me.The prices are a bit steep. No side salad. Really guys. Give me a side salad. There wasn't even the option to spend an extra $3 for a side salad. Nope- the only salads were pricey salads that are huge. I enjoy a nice salad with my meals.I'm a huge fan of appetizers. I love to share. The appetizer menu was very limited and weren't large enough portions to share with a group. In fact, we couldn't even find something that would make sense for a group of ppl to share.They also have those new bowls that are so popular- the ones that you can't see what the person across from you is eating. Those bowls are hard to eat out of. A glass exploded in someones hand while drinking it (wine glass). My friend who has plenty of kitchen experience said that that was from how they are washing the dishes. An amature restaurant mistake- sort of surprising that a place this nice would make it.The manager was incredible helpful and friendly. The food was just too safe and expensive.  We also went with a very large group of people (something that I try to avoid doing). I think it might have overwhelmed them a bit (they were really slow and we made reservations)The following day- we went to Lulu's and they had multiple items from Grateful Growers on their menu. With incredible flavors and sauces. If I want grateful growers or local food- there are other options. I think if their food was more like the cart- then this would be one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.
2	Like so many others before me, I had high hopes for this place given it's commendable food truck heritage, but I regret to report that (as of last week) things have not changed and there still is nothing that shines about breakfast here.  It goes to show that even a farm to fork concept, while laudable, still needs a bit of inspiration and creativity to rise above the pack.On the whole I was taken aback by how "vanilla" the whole breakfast menu appeared.  Everything was traditional and pretty much egg-based.  You are going to get sausage or bacon with just about anything.  Not veggie-friendly, which is sad since gardens are beginning to burst at the seams for the summer crop.  Vegans need shop elsewhere.Service was also awkward with different folks taking orders, bringing out drinks, and then serving platters.  There was little coordination, though, as we were asked for drink orders several times.  I can't say anyone seemed overly friendly, but this may be due to the rush of people trying to eat and check out of the attached hotel within the prescribed timeframe.Sadly the food was just as uninspiring as the menu.  Sweet potato hash (the mandatory side to every platter) was perfectly cubed bits of sweet potato either lightly fried or pan sauteed plain.  That's right, plain as could be.  Never mind the mountains of fresh herbs springing out of the ground right now.  No rosemary or thyme, no flavored oil, no sea salt, nope.. just plain.  I also had to send back my egg order as over-medium apparently meant cooked thru to the kitchen on this visit.  They got it right the second time.  I guess this is just a lost opportunity right now.  With the growing movement for locally-sourced food, and plenty of providers to offer interesting options (micro-greens to add some color to the plates maybe???) there is so much more Harvest Moon could do here.  Until then, there is little here to differentiate between Harvest Moon and any of the diners or other breakfast stops in town.
5	Really great food, fantastic service with a great ambiance! I love the "farm-to-table" concept as this makes the food that much better as it is so inherently fresh. Now if you're a "huge portion" person, this isn't the place for you. However, the portions are big enough to satisfy most. Yet it is the food itself that is the star, and if you are a "high quality" person, then this IS the place for you! And Brian the Wine Steward has selected a small but high quality wine list that has something for everyone. He recommended an Owen Roe wine from Washington State that was the PERFECT accompaniment with our food. To top it off, the Chef/Owner Cassie made a personal appearance at out table to thank us for coming in. What a GREAT experience!
4	I've been wanting to try this place and I got the opportunity at Taste of Charlotte.  Can't say much about anything else, but the Moonitas (carnitas soft taco) was super delicious.  It tasted like California food, in the good way, where everything is super-fresh and local.  My friend's pulled pork sliders must have been good too because they disappeared real quick.  Will be heading in to give the restaurant itself a try.
3	Had a salad and drink for lunch and the tab put me right at $15 bucks. Service was sub-par, food mediocre.
4	One of my favorite places in Charlotte. Not only the food is yummy, but the menu is also very interesting and unique. Strongly recommended.
2	I really wanted to like this place as much in practice as in theory, but alas... I love that they use local ingredients, promoting farms and fisheries from across the Old North State. The service was attentive but not intrusive, and the chef took some time to emerge from the kitchen to check in with every patron, including me. I love that the adjacent hotel, The Dunhill (which I've reviewed), provides its guests with a comp breakfast here. The only problem, really, is the food. It's... good. Just not great. I had 2 meals here, dinner and breakfast, so I'll talk about both. I had a really difficult time choosing from the dinner menu: everything sounded delicious. More confounding: a lot of the appetizer offerings sounded more like entrees, such as the cornmeal-crusted catfish and a pork burger. I decided to start with farm-raised clams in a tomato and white wine bouillebaisse. The clams were not the greatest - maybe because they're farmed - but the broth was delicious: thick, rich and briny. Weird, then, that I had to ask for a biscuit so that none of it would go to waste.For my entree, I chose sweet potato cakes with assorted veggies and sriracha mayo. The cakes themselves were okay, but nothing special: literally just mashed sweet potatoes that had been deep fried. I didn't detect any sort of seasoning other than salt. The side dishes were a bigger challenge: the dish was supposed to come with mustard greens, cabbage and other veggies. What I got instead was a mix of sauteed veggies that was heavy on zucchini and no greens that I could detect. But IN ADDITION to that, my server brought me a bowl of the restaurant's vegetable of the day - another heaping helping of zucchini! Now, I love summer squashes in all their glory, but that was waaaay too much.The next morning, I returned for breakfast, called "The Mayfair." It's your standard, 2 eggs/pork of your choice/grits or potatoes/bread breakfast so common in the South; maybe common everywhere. But again, I was really disappointed in the execution. My eggs, scrambled, came out in a single blob, not fluffy or creamy at all. I'd say the consistency was akin to what you'd find in a fast food breakfast sandwich. The bacon, I believe from a local farm, was nicely cooked, but it was sweet. Not salty, sweet. A little sweet in my bacon is a good thing, but it should not be the entire flavor profile. The best thing on the plate was a sweet potato hash - nicely done but it was diced, salted and fried potatoes, kinda hard to mess up.I have to go to Charlotte about once a month and I'm going to give Harvest Moon Grille another shot. I love the farm-to-fork philosophy and really appreciate the support they're giving to local growers. Now they just need to honor the ingredients.
3	"Local Foods" From nearby in NC and SC - I'm not a fan yet!  Everything was good as in three yelp stars.  The service was better than good, the soup had Great Pork from Greateful Growers and was good the Clams were OK, though not a yelp A- OK!  I will return at some point because the Pork Burger was huge and looked great!  The Guy eating it said it was!
3	let me start by saying i will be back but i was not blown away by my first $150 visit to harvest moon grille, date night.  my rating is low on them bc of 3 things: #1, clam app was terrible, great clams, terrible broth and burned black toast points, #2 the lack of music, there were a few tables in there when we sat down, by the time we left there was one other group in there and without low music we could basically hear each others conversation, made it a little uncomfortable, and #3 the price, i felt a little shorted after spending $150.  but oh well cry me a river right?!  the food besides the clams was very good but NOT GREAT, i had a shrimp kabob "catch of the day" they were served over a bed of farro, corn, and cheese, it was really good but not worth $21.  my lady friend got a summer veg plate and it was good but again, not great.  i had a crepe desert that was good, a nice espresso, she had an irish coffee...we had a reasonably price bottle of white that was good.  there is some other stuff on the menu that i want to try and will be back to do so.  the space is very nice and the staff is GREAT, our waiter Z did a perfect job and Roger the host was extremely nice and knowledgable...i remembered him from zada janes.  id like to give hm grille 3.5 stars but i can so i have to give them 3 but again i'll be back to give it another whirl and next time im going with some of their pork and beef dishes.
4	Excellent brunch spot! We all liked what we ordered, especially the sweet potato home fries. I like that the menu offers a lot of local/sustainable/farm-to-fork foods.
4	After my first good, but not great, meal at Harvest Moon Grille many months back, I've returned for two more rounds - another lunch and a delicious breakfast. Because of these return visits and some kinks worked out in the kitchen, Harvest Moon Grille has certainly earned another star.In July I enjoyed a quiet and lovely breakfast to myself which included an iced tea and a delectable, uber fresh bowl of yogurt and berries. A first when the kind and efficient waiter set down the bowl, I thought it was a smidge shy on the portion. But oh no...I couldn't even finish it. The vanilla yogurt was perfectly creamy and accented beautifully with their house made granola. Which rocks. Big time. I left happy, full and healthy, indeed.More recently, I trotted back over for another healthful meal when I ordered the farro salad. I don't think I've ever made farro at home, so I was anxious to try this groovy grain. Again, a small-ish looking bowl of whole farro and seasonal vegetables with lemon-garlic confit dressing arrived at the table. And true to form I finished it but I left happy, full and healthy. The farro wasn't overdressed, peppered or salted and the confit dressing was the perfect light touch. This is the one time in my life I think I would have liked a bit more dressing, actually. If you're traipsing around Uptown and looking for a great meal with a fantastic local focus (all items sourced with 100 miles of Charlotte), Harvest Moon Grill is a great choice. They have defined eating local.
5	I'm a total fan! Their mission is to provide fresh, local, sustainable experience to their patrons as well as support local farmers. The food was delicious! From the beet soup to the fresh apple salad, the beginning of our dining experience set the stage for the main courses. The main course was fabulous! I ordered the Slow-braized Grateful Growers Pork Shank with grits covered with a moonshine-apple glaze. OMG. Depending on the season, they will have different entrees because they like to get their food within a 100 mile radius and create dishes based on what they can purchase...so kiwis probably won't make the cut. The drinks were refreshing! I had the blackberry mojito....tart and tangy.The location is great and they did a great job adding warmth and modernity to the interior. I love the glass at the front to do some people watching.
4	Food: 1) Baby back ribs with mashed sweet potatoes: OMG! This was FALL OFF the BONE DELICIOUSNESS!! The sauce was flavorful and paired with the mashed sweet potatoes, this dish was a little piece of HEAVEN!! I honeslty don't even like ribs but it's SOOO GOOD!! 2) Fish tacos with sweet potato fries: Deep fried fish is not really my thing but this was still pretty yummy! The sweet potato fries were really well seasoned! Service: My friend and I were just standing outside the restaurant and looking at the menu and the hostess was SOO NICE and walked outside to greet us and invite us in! We were immediately drawn in by the welcoming hospitality! The waitress we had was so friendly! I loved everyone that worked here!Ambiance: Large portraits of farming scenary and very modern earthy feel. I really liked how it reminded me Portland or Berkeley...someplace very liberal and hippy-like. Price: Kinda pricey but well worth the experience and the treat for your taste buds!Overall: I would totally come again! I had a wonderful dining experience and recommend everyone to try it! The menu changes daily to cater towards what's fresh from the local farm so everything is super fresh!!
3	Buy local and support local. I appreciate that. When it comes to food though, I'm like honest Abe. I'm unbiased, unadulterated simple and plain. The food, is eh, well mediocre. The Banh Mi sandwich was a bit salty and wasn't very Banh Mi-like. I appreciate the effort though. The salad, with chicken..well...When the chicken is boiled, plucked/pulled and has bits of dark meat, barely any breast meat how can you not be appalled? Is this some type of new age movement? Is it because it's organic you can get away with serving scraps?What's my honest opinion? The service is great, the decor is classy but the food is mediocre. I don't know if it's just the hype, the trendiness that has coaxed opinions but the food on their truck tasted better than the food in the restaurant.
3	I love love love the farm to fork, local concept. The decor is nice and the service was great. The food...it was ok, my husband had the pork shank which is their specialty, I'm not a huge pork fan, I thought it was a bit tough. Served over grits, they were delicious. I had mahi, it was nicely cook but not seasoned at all, served with very VERY greasy hard potatoes cubes, they were inedible, and  "apple chips" which were three paper thin strips about 1/2 inch wide and 1 inch long. They serve biscuits which would have been incredible but they were wayyyy too salty. I want to try breakfast there. I hope they can step up the food and succeed!
4	We ate here New Years' Day.  The wait was about 10 minutes.  Not bad considering we had three adults and three kids under 5.  While we were waiting we saw lots of nice looking food coming out.  Portions seemed large for the breakfast items. One adult had the pimento cheese BLT.  It was very good.  Cheese was flavourful the bacon and bread was excellent.  The tomato was deep red and flavourful.  We also had two grass fed beef hamburgers.  They were cooked nicely, on a very good bun and were served simply with a slice of tomato, mayonnaise, and a specialty cheese (I forget what kind of cheese).  The burgers were served with sweet potato fries which were good, and black eyed peas and collards.  I was disappointed that they did not have any pepper vinegar for the collards.  However, they gave me some of their eastern style BBQ sauce.  It was very very good, and complemented the collards well.We also got an apple/greens salad.  The vinaigrette was good, the greens were fresh and crispy.  The goat cheese was good, but the apples were cut into matchsticks.  I would have liked bigger chunks of apple, and more salad.  The portion was small, and for $10 I would have expected more.We liked the place, and would go back.  Service was superb.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  The burger was one of the best I have ever had anywhere.  The salad was nothing exceptional.  We would go back for sure.
3	I wasn't impressed with the breakfast here, the Ashley's Breakfast Burrito(with egg whites) probably would have been pretty good if it were not so watery.  I did enjoy the side of apples and sampled the sweet potato hash which was very good.  For an $11 breakfast, I guess I was expecting more.  Let's see what happens on my next trip.......
4	We got window seats and people watched all throughout brunch.  With a farm to table philosophy, I believe this city can never have too many restaurants with this type of superb quality.  Harvest Moon has a fabulous location, good ethics, fresh food, and a kind waitstaff.  While the decor is fairly moderate, the food makes up for any shortcoming this place might have (including a 93 sanitation score).I ordered the pimento bacon sandwich and it was out of the world.  Maybe the wheat bread was spread with some type of jam, but the sandwich was unexpectedly (and pleasantly) sweet.  The entree came with a light salad.  I'm such a sucker for good salads and this one was phenomenal.  With light dressing, apples, and pecans- Harvest Moon is able to make the simplest foods taste grand.I am very impressed with this experience and will definitely be back for some more!  Keep up the good work!
4	Standing outside of Harvest Moon ogling their menu, we were greeted by the manager (?) who suggested that we might as well come in because there was nothing better in town.  I don't know what else was close, but it was definitely delicious!  We were asked to make ourselves at home in the lobby of the hotel (nice place, by the way) while they prepared our table for two.   We were made to feel very at home and breakfast was INCREDIBLE.   Eggs benedict for me that was really delicous.  I can't remember what he had, but maybe I'll edit when I do.  That's what I get for waiting this long to write a review.I highly recommend the Harvest Moon Grille!
5	HMG is a farm to table restaurant, which means the food is grown/raised within 100 miles of Charlotte (except for seafood, which comes from the NC coast) and is always as fresh as you can get. Fresh ingredients means that the menu is constantly changing, allowing patrons to try food prepared by the season and with produce grown here in North Carolina.  My first visit to Harvest Moon Grille was a work dinner hosted by my manager where we got to try a ton of different dishes throughout the evening. Here's a recap:-Local Cheese & Ham plate: 5/5 stars - the cheeses were phenomenal and the ham was so very good (which makes sense since the owner and chef also owns Grateful Growers farm)-Pork Belly: 5/5 stars - although quite fatty (it IS pork belly), I decided to give this a try, and it quite literally tasted like dessert it was so sinful-Chicken Scappolini: 5/5 stars - so delicious with the root veggies and goat cheese fondue-Sweet Potato Grattin: 5/5 stars - best sweet potato dish I've ever had-Beignets: 4/5 stars - only because I've had the beignets at Fig Tree and nothing is as good as they are - but these are definitely still worth it As you can see, everything you eat at HMG is phenomenal. You will not be disappointed. Head in at your earliest convenience.
3	I gave Harvest Moon Grille another try recently and had a better experience. I ordered off the appetizer menu, rather than getting a full entree. I tried the "PORKetarian" soup option, a hot and sour style soup and a collard salad. The soup was more like a stew: loaded with tender pork, a few veggies milling around and a nice broth that wasn't particularly hot or sour but was good nonetheless.The collard salad comprised raw collard greens cut into thin ribbons with a hard-boiled egg and a bacon vinaigrette. The dressing was delicious, tangy and a little smoky, the collards fresh and bitter/sweet. The egg was strange: it was pink on the outside - which I assumed meant it had been pickled. But I wasn't able to detect any pickling flavors. So, not sure what that was about. However, the salad was delightful and I finished it off.And then the dessert: I ordered a salted caramel pot de creme and what I received was a little pot of heaven. The caramel was rich and not overly salty. It lay in a thick layer over a creamy custard. It was amazing. I didn't allow myself to finish the entire serving, but only because I didn't want to have to endure 4 hours of working out to compensate.I still have to say I don't love Harvest Moon, but I do really respect its mission to serve only local, seasonal fare. And I was perfectly satisfied with my meal on my most recent trip.
5	I went to a Yelp event at Harvest Moon's banquet facility last night. I loved the location, the service was excellent and the food was amazing! I love the fact that the food comes from no further than 100 miles away & really enjoyed the location -Dunhill Hotel. The biscuits (which apparently come with every meal) were delectable and I loved the smoked trout! We will definitely be returning soon. Also, the Yelp team did a great job with the event last night!
3	The biscuits are addicting. These little innocent looking balls of joy. If you make a visit you must try a biscuit or two or several dozen! The food is all from local farms and they get two thumbs up! The smoked Trout was phenomenal. I only had a few sampling from a Yelp event, so I can't give a very long review. Grab a biscuit and you will be a happy, carb lovin' gal or guy!
4	They make some mighty fine bacon at this place. Supposedly the head chef also operates a farm that raises their own hogs so it's no wonder their pork products are really top notch.I thought the home fries which included sweet potatoes in addition to the norm was also noticeably tasty.
4	The restaurant is small however the great food makes up for the tight accomodations. I had the Bratwurst Burger with collard greens and it was excellent. The portions are adequate for a brunch and the price was fair.
5	Wow! This place was great. The boyfriend and I were walking around charlotte looking for a place for lunch and this place did not dissapoint! I got a pimemto cheese bacon and tomato sandwich that was delicious. It came out on this subtly sweet multigrain bread. Supposedly they make all their own bread there. (it shows) my boyfriend got a pulled pork sandwich that was great too. Definitely recommend!
5	Awesome meal!  Most of the meals that I read about are locally sourced - GREAT JOB!We are outside and the day was perfect - great people watching.The Pimento Cheese sandwich was a great appetizer, split of course.The meatloaf sandwich was divine and the Guilford County Catfish sandwich blew my mind - KABOOM!RUN HERE AND EAT - NOW!  The service was great and the owner came around to say hello several times.Not inexpensive, but well worth it to support local businesses and growing operations.
4	First off, the staff where very friendly and welcoming. I felt like they cared I was there.  Quick to get extra requests and on top of what needed to be done to have an enjoyable eating experience. The food was great too. We had Local Omelets-one egg white and one with the yolks included, both were good. Thought they could of used a little more flavor and cooked less, but the mushrooms saved the day. Had french toast too. It was nice and subtle. The wonderful syrup brought out the flavors in the toast. Will definitely go back.
5	I try to eat at local places when I travel, so when I found out Harvest Moon Grille used food from local farmers, I were sold - sustainable and local! The menu items are more "upscale" Southern, but the food is authentic and the prices reasonable. This place attracts a fun mix of folks - during breakfast, I overheard conversations for stage blocking, lighting, and songs for an upcoming performance. Great atmosphere, great location.
5	The food here was actually really great - sweet potato burger is very different, fries were good and the pulled pork looked amazing.  The prices are slightly steep for sandwiches and breakfast stuff, but of course that's what you should be prepared to deal with if you choose to eat at a farm to table restaurant in the middle of the city.  What really gets 5 stars is the service.  I called to inquire about handicap accessibility and the people I spoke to were beyond accommodating.  They set aside a convenient table for us and it WAS ready and waiting when we arrived.  However, the two people in our group who actually needed the accessibility did not see fit to join us until the rest of the party had ordered, eaten, and were ready for the bill.  Despite such inconsiderate restaurant behavior, our server was kind, patient, nothing but friendly and flexible through this entire process.  When our very late arrivals came in and sat down, nobody seemed the least bit annoyed with us (which they had every right to be as our group was now sitting on a larger table twice as long as we should have been!)  The late guests were promptly served, no fuss.  Thank you to the staff here, great job! If you were annoyed, I understand and you were awesome at not showing it!
2	Two stars only for the local, fresh aspect they've got going on.  Unfortunately, here that also translates into bland and uneventful.  I wish we had just gone to McDonald's. And we HATE McDonald's. Anyway...My husband and I were visiting Charlotte for the weekend, and decided to check out a cute local spot for breakfast on our way out of town. The "local" ingredients drew us in, because that usually means they have some interesting, flavorful combinations on the menu.  We sat outside which was nice. I ordered the Farmer's Market Frittata, hubs ordered some sort of omelet. Granted, these aren't the craziest things to order, but I could have made them better myself at home.  SO BLAND. My fritatta looked and tasted just like his omelet.  That's laziness, people. Way to slap on different names for the same thing! Not only was the food comical, but I literally saw our server ONCE - when she brought my husband's orange juice and stayed to take our order. No personality either, that one. Three different people took care of us, one to refill our waters, one to bring our food, and one to take our plates. NONE OF WHICH was our server.  No one came to check on us during our meal.  We finally asked someone to tell our server we wanted our check. After a so-so meal, and being ignored we were ready to go. Literally 7 minutes later, my husband was ready to walk out without paying.  We ended up walking to the door and waiting there to find our server so we could pay the bill.  Some girl came up and asked if she could help us and who our server was. I said "I don't know who she is, I haven't seen her the whole meal." It's not like this is a large restaurant. I could understand if she had many tables and  expressed regret at not being able to take care of us adequately, but she finally showed up and was yakkin it up with the other servers by the service station before she even realized that she MOST LIKELY forgot about us.Big ups to the busser (?) lady who actually smiled at us and acted like she was happy we were dining at this establishment, and who was doing more work than our server who we were expected to TIP??  No way, Jose. We tip for service, not because it's required.  I've been in F&B for 5 years and am now a manager of a high-volume restaurant in Charleston, and I've only skimped a server twice in my life.  This is the 2nd time.  I wish I had a $20 to give to the busser who was actually working for her money.  Snooty people and crappy food.  We should have gone to Ri Ra.
2	I am new to Yelp but trying to catch up on reviewing some my favorite places but also some not so favorites. Granted, I have only dined here one time for dinner but our experience was not very good. The service was pretty slow even though it was not that busy. The food was the main disappointment.  We went here because of the whole "farm fresh" concept. Salads were expensive for the amount that was on the plate. Pork was pretty good but once again pretty high for what you get. I understand that they try to use local ingredients from farmers which usually result in higher food cost but when I got my bill, it left a bad taste.
3	I had been wanting to try this place since I saw the reviews in the paper and was excited to try it for brunch. I am sad to say the best part was sitting outside on a beautiful afternoon watching the tourists enjoy Charlotte. I ordered the eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast and although the bacon had a nice flavor, it was limp and very greasy. I liked that the potatoes were sweet, but they were tiny and hard to eat with a fork.. The eggs I ordered were supposed to be softly poached but they were hard. All in all, it was a fairly good meal but my expectations were higher for this place. I'm sorry to say I'm not sure if I will return.
3	Perhaps it was a full moon. Isn't that when odd things happen?Seeing HMG land on so many "best of" lists and after a pleasant brunch here a few months back, I returned for dinner with friends in tow.We were greeted warmly and seated in the main dining room on what was a slow evening. After ordering drinks, things went a little sideways. Our Heritage Trifecta sharing plate arrived not as advertised. In fact, it was kind of a hybrid of Heritage and their charcuterie plate. We shrugged and ate it anyway (as we are easygoing folk), though at $22 I'd call it a small share. One in our group never received the gazpacho she ordered, even after mentioning it when the main course arrived. (It didn't show up on the bill.) And while happy to select from the local/regional beer menu, two in our group kept getting different brews than what they ordered--either due to availability issues or sheer potluck. It was not a busy night, so we were stumped why things were so off-track, and some interactions with our server were just plain awkward.On the positive side, the pork chop is a beast and very well prepared. The organic vegetables on the side were tender and flavorful. I had the risotto, which was delicious and savory with roasted jalapeno. I would say, though, at $20+, an ice cream scoop's-worth serving was kind of a bummer.I really admire the fact HMG sources locally and for the most part delivers memorable flavors, but given the price we were expecting a more seamless experience.
3	Nice place great service. I had an omelette it was okay. I guess the big dreal with this place is that it is farm fresh organic eat local. Wasn't knock me out my socks nor  was ot the worst thing I ever had.
5	I had the Gilchrest Farms Goat Burger (Ground Goat, Sweet & Spicy BBQ Ricotta Spread, Onion Marmalade) at this authentic Farm-to-Table restaurant and I knew I was in for a treat. First it was very tough to pick something from their lunch menu, every description was appetizing and peaked my interest. I settled on a burger because I rarely have them anymore (long story about being vegetarian with too many exceptions). The size of their plates seemed small at first,but when you factor in the taste and quality, it was the perfect amount. This is by far the ideal balance of tasty/natural food.Forget about ordering fries, the dishes come with a side of fresh potato salad... it's amazing. For the record I did not try the fries, I am sure they are also very good :)
3	I am so sorry to have to give this just three stars. I'd have given it four, but the waitstaff was so busy that we were pretty ignored. After we got our entrees, I would have loved another glass of wine, but our waiter never asked if we needed anything. After our plates were cleared, we waited another 15 or 20 minutes without our waiter ever checking on us. We wanted dessert, we wanted coffees, but since no one ever asked, one of us eventually just got up to ask someone for our check. Our waiter was taking care of a big table upstairs as well as a lot downstairs, so he was pretty overwhelmed. My advice is if you want to go to Harvest Moon (which by all means, please support a farm to table restaurant in downtown Charlotte), go during the week. The food was wonderful, but our first time was disappointing due to the service issues. Now about the food: It's great. It's fresh, the portions are perfect, and there are vegetarian and vegan options, which makes me happy, even though the clear specialty is pork.Anyway, this restaurant really should get 4 or 5 stars but the organizational issues really pulled it down.
1	My second time dining at Harvest Moon Grille was on June 24, 2012 for brunch. My mom had friends visiting from out of town and she made a reservation for 5 of us at 11 AM. The first bad sign came as the host greeted us: "The kitchen is running about 30-45 minutes behind and your table isn't ready yet." Our friends were running a bit late themselves so we thought this would be OK. They arrived about quarter after 11 and we waited quite a bit longer before being seated around 11:45. The host also promised "As soon as you sit down we'll bring you some biscuits and jam." That sounded promising. Unfortunately only after 4 requests to 4 different staff members and about an hour later did said biscuits and jam appear. They were delicious - actually the best part of the meal - hot with fresh raspberry jam. I could have eaten 3 by that point but settled for 1.5.But the late-arriving biscuits could only do so much. For a party with a reservation, the wait time we endured is totally unacceptable anywhere. I was literally about to walk out. Two couples did. One had to be at the airport and they had waited over an hour for breakfast. I was embarrassed for the city of Charlotte as many of the waiting patrons were tourists. To think this might be their lasting impression of our fair city! Very unfortunate. I advised one couple to visit Queen City Q since it was past noon. I seriously considered getting up and going elsewhere again. I felt bad for the Dunhill, an excellent hotel, that its reputation may be scarred from its proximity to the restaurant. The front of the house staff could not have been nicer although our waiter seemed overworked and was probably avoiding us because he could not bring us anything to eat.We finally got our food just after 1 PM - yes, two hours after our reservation time. The catfish and eggs with grits is a unique and very tasty dish. Everything else was nothing special, similar to the previous brunch I had here. So disappointing. The concept of farm to table cuisine is admirable but based on my experience, this place does not yield satisfactory results. Harvest Moon Grille seriously needs to take a look at its business operations and be sure they have backup. And about those biscuits: they should come out gratis to every table as soon as folks are seated, even if the kitchen is running on schedule.Another negative note: parking is supposed to be free in the Dunhill deck when you eat at Harvest Moon. When we exited, it showed a balance of $2. Although this is not a big deal in theory, considering the strife we went through just to eat, this was the last straw. We went inside and someone had the audacity to tell us that it was $2 "because we were there too long". No kidding. They finally gave us the $2 in cash to use at the machine after a lot of argument. I'm not sure if this was the hotel or the restaurant but either way, the restaurant needs to figure out how to handle this issue as well. Good thing there are more and more places to eat downtown. Some advice: find another one.
3	I wish I had a bigger budget for food because I would give this a higher rating if I did. I will say I found the items ridiculously over priced for the amount of food and they could have been more forthcoming with the bread. The over-pricing was no more evident than in the minscule starter salad some of the ladies ordered with the thinnest watermelon slices I've ever seen. I'd be ok with the smaller portions if it was less expensive because I'm ok with trying to shrink portion sizes.However, while the meatloaf was average at best (my mum makes it better than anyone) the vegetables and garnish were out of this world! Seriously, I cannot express how delicious they were. There were seven people at my table and while everyone's variety of main dishes was just okay, everyone's vegetables was consensus "best I've ever had."I am a boarderline carnivore but if I get a bigger wallet and return, I will probably get a vegetarian plate of some sort becuase they were just that good. They were that much of a game changer for me.The main two reasons I gave a three-star review instead of higher was because of the price (too high for what you get in my opinion) and while friendly, the wait staff was not very attentive and even though it was not crowded at all, we had to wait a long time between drink orders and making our food orders, refills on drinks and between clearing the table to get our checks.
2	I was really excited to dine at the Harvest Moon Grille.  I heard the restaurant was the place to find really great pork dishes being that the owner ran her own farm that raised pigs.  It was also part of the pitch the dining staff gave to us and other diners as they went through the specials.  I ordered the Grateful Grower's Pork Chop, which the waiter indicated was a favorite among their diners.  I must admit I was truly disappointed.  First at the small amount of food that I received given the meal's price, and secondly at the dish itself.  The portion of side dishes was so small that it looked more like garnish; however I could have accepted that if the chop was outstanding.  However, it was served lukewarm.  While it was juicy, it was quite bland.  While I realize some restaurants don't brine their chops, which I love, this dish really was lacking.  I guess I expected more from a restaurant that prides itself on pork dishes.  However, I will say the wait staff was friendly and accommodating.However, you can get a better pork chop at Customshop  and at The Liberty (where's it cheaper and you get more).  If the place was cheaper I might would give it another try, but I rather spend my money elsewhere.  In the end, I found the place overpriced and extremely mediocre.
4	Did not expect this!! Fresh, local fare that is four star quality.  BTW, please keep it under your hat, I don't want it to get so popular that I can't get in!
4	Brunch was amazing!
5	Great experience. Great wine list. Excellent service. Lovely, cozy space. This place knows farm to table and lives it. The real deal.This is a true favorite restaurant for locals. Always one of 2 places people recommend when I am in town.
5	Limited choices because I was getting breakfast for free during my stay, but the harvest moon pancakes are OUT OF THE WORLD!! Great service and tea selection too! I came down again this morning and the waiter saw me and said "hot green team ma'am?". It's a small gesture, but it made me feel good.
5	I probably wouldn't have ever gone in this place if my fiance hadn't wanted to try it. I've been to a few "farm-to-table" restaurants and left unimpressed, if not downright disappointed. However, I checked out the menu before we went in, and I was intrigued. It took us a while to decide on food because there were several items I thought sounded delicious. I got the fish tacos and she got the beef burger. Both were very good (although I'd recommend the tacos over the burger). I was extremely satisfied with my meal. This place also has the best biscuits and gravy. We will be going back to try the rest of the menu.
5	This is fantastic locavore dining in downtown Charlotte.  Amazing food and charming service all 3 times I have been there.I love going for brunch.  I pick up GF focaccia to bring home every time I visit.  And they have the best grits in the history of the world.  You do not need to add anything, not even butter.
4	Came to the Harvest Moon Grille at the recommendation of a nearby hotel's manager.  I was in town on a business trip and my coworker and I were looking for a delicious meal after our day of 'business.'  A glass a wine.  Some meat and cheese.  Good stuff on the menu.  Two daily soups, vegetarian and porkatarian! Ended up with the goat & pork meatloaf.  How often are we going to get that chance again?  Not very often in my neck of the woods.  It was a lovely dinner and I look forward to returning on business so I can try some more menu items and maybe be able to confirm that fifth star!  Oh, and when you're done, go to the bar and Pete will make you a fantastic drink!  You never know who your going to meet at a hotel bar.  There were some pretty interesting characters when we were there!
4	After hearing great things about Harvest Moon I had to try it. A friend and I met for lunch today and was very impressed. My friend ordered the quinoa salad, and I enjoyed the fish tacos. Although the fish was fried, it was very light with a cole slaw aioli, which was very good. Will be back!
5	So, a five this time is due my amazing sweet potato burger...OMG!!! The place was packed, however the service is great and the attention to fresh ingredients is amazing. My friend enjoyed the shredded chicken Cobb salad. A true delight to the Dunhill hotel & I look forward to getting back again soon!
4	The food was very good! We had the bacon cheddar pancakes and the veggie omelette with sweet potato wedges. Service was above average. The only thing that didn't make our experience a 5 is that we were seated in the overflow dining area in the hotel. It was very quiet and we could hear everyone's conversation. A little music and this problem would be solved!
4	Have tried the food truck before so finally got around to try the restaurant for breakfast anyway.  We found the service to be on point and friendly, the coffee strong enough to actually taste and the scrambled eggs were some of the best we've had in Charlotte.  Moist, fluffy, flavorful (there may be something to this whole farm to table thing)  :) I was also looking forward to the sausage knowing it would be made from their Grateful Grower pork and, it met all expectations.  The only thing I would say that did not was the bacon.  While it was peppered and had a fresh, slightly sweet flavor, it was sort of limp and each piece had a portion that was undercooked.  I am not a crispy or burned bacon fan but this was a bit underdone even for me.  That's is worth just a one star ding in my book and I look forward to returning to try another meal and to keep supporting local!
2	Need more vegetarian/vegan options, really missing out on the vegan/vegetarian customers who would typically eat at a local farm restaurant.... With that being said, salads are pretty good but that's about all I could have as a strict vegetarian. My boyfriend enjoyed his seafood there but I was disappointed in the lack of selection. Don't promote yourself as vegan/vegetarian friendly if the only options are salads.
2	I had been here once in the past and really enjoyed the farm-to-table offerings; this class of restaurant is really missing in my town, Columbia. Unfortunately, on this visit, we had food that was just okay - which would have been fine, if the service wasn't TERRIBLE. I suppose we should have known they weren't going to be winning any service awards when the hostess just gestured us towards the back, from the back, instead of coming up to greet us. Server was pleasant but confused, got order wrong, kept having to come back and get more info. Beer was very slow to come out (~15 minutes after order). Food was 1/2 hour after that - and the server brought out two meals, and told my wife that hers would be "right out" (5-10 minutes later). The last thing kind of tore it for me. You don't bring out 2 of 3 meals and leave the last person looking at their hands for 5-10 minutes.I would consider this a one off but my dining companion from Charlotte said she has been having this happen more and more lately. Frustrating experience, would never go back.
3	Atmosphere: Clean& quaintFood: French Toast was pretty tasty. Buckwheat Pancakes did not seem nutty grain like I am accustomed. Oh well, they were ok. Fresh butter& maple syrup made them better. Really like use of farm to table. Service: Hostess was on point with seating people quickly. Our server was inattentive and did not know the menu well. We had to get her attention several times. We did not feel too bad because her other tables did the same. She just was not as sunny as her co-workers.Prices:  Pretty moderate for what you get. We will not be in a rush to return nor turn down if we are hungry& in the area...middle of the road experience.
4	Great food!
3	I have dined at Harvest Moon several times.  The food is always pretty good in my opinion - I do love the sweet potato burger that is sometimes on the menu - they definitely need more vegetarian options, being a Farm to Table restaurant.  If you are lucky the service is good but the last 2 times I have been there the service was pretty terrible.  The last time, we walked in the front, and the waiter at the front immediately seated our party of 4 at a table.  About 2-3 minutes later, the hostess came over and said, oh I was saving this table for someone, I'll need to have you guys wait a 3-5 min and then I can seat you.  Ok no problem, although it's weird to make a seated party get up, even if it was the waiter's mistake to seat us there.  The problem was when 3-5 minutes turned into 15, turned into 30.  Also, as we were waiting, the hostess gave us no updates or indication if our turn was coming soon. We also realized she never asked for our name, so now we were wondering if we were even on her list after several other people got called to be seated.  Finally my husband went and asked her what the status was since we were told 3-5 min.  Her response?  I never told you 3-5 minutes, what are you talking about?  Not a good response to give a customer.  Even if 2 people heard wrong, the appropriate response would be something along the lines of an apology and a status.  Needless to say, we left and made the 15 minute hike to Halcyon (another farm to table with organic food restaurant).  It's unfortunate that bad service happened to us twice.  I refrained from leaving a negative review the last time because I like the food a lot and had been there several times with a positive experience.  Like another reviewer said, the service used to be good but is going downhill for some reason.  Also my husband thinks I am being generous with 3 stars :)
5	My wife and I went here while on vacation for my brother's wedding.  We're not afraid to admit we're Seattle food and wine snobs but we had no idea what a treat we were in for!Great service, amazing and inventive food (great plays on southern comfort food).  EXCELLENT wine.  I'm not sure if people just don't order French wine in the south, but we found the prices to be amazing.  Would definitely go back!
3	Solid 3 star restaurant and deserves a 3 1/2 star if that was possible.  Farm to table with a new South menu (twist on classic Southern dishes).Sampled several appetizers (small plates).  Decent stuff but one of the plates had a gray smear that I think they said was pheasant or quail pate.  It smelled like crap and tasted god awful.  The head cheese on the same plate was actually great but the pate smelled and tasted like ass.Decent wine, beer and drink selection.Service was great.  Got to gives these guys props on their service.My entree was the pork chop.  It was decent.  Others in my party tried the fish and grits and fried chicken.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  My only minor compliant is the portion sizes are small, or smaller compared to other places.Last piece of advice, use Yelp or Open Table to make your reservation.
3	I have been wanting to try this place for breakfast and finally went this AM. Was pleased with the coffee and OJ (squeezed fresh) and ordered the Fried Green Tomato BLT made on some lovely wheat griddled bread. It was good but the side of potato salad made with garlicky mayo was the best part. The hubs got a falafel burger which he scarfed quickly due to a late night at Chima's! A cozy place for a casual breakfast.
3	This place has really good homemade food.  It is so homemade that the don't even serve ketchup unless they happen to make some for a special dish.  The jam is even homemade, but they don't even have it out unless you ask for it.  There was one weird thing, though, and if you are reading this, Harvest Moone, please learn.  When my friend and I walked in, the girl asked how many then she proceeded to ask the party behind us how many and then she said to follow her.  The people in the two parties did not even know who she was referring to so we all just followed. She proceeded to take us to another room where we were to wait.  We waited for about 2 seconds, and said follow me (again) and again the two parties did not know to whom she was referring so my friend and I just went first.  Then she took us to the table that we passed by on the way in, where she could've seated us by now.  Strange?  I am not sure about this  but I guess they don't think they have enough waiting room at the front door so they herd us all toward the back, another area near the hotel lobby.  I mean the place is really small.  But they are NOT VERY COMMUNICATIVE so we all felt like a bunch of sheep being herded every which way. Five words to sum it up.....strange experience but great food.I also thought it would not be a good place for kids unless they were well-behaved and quiet because it is so small in there and the tables are very close.
3	I ate at Harvest Moon Grille for brunch on Sunday, and I have to say I had higher expectations going in.  To start, the hostess threw me off a little bit with confusing chatter about whether or not she should put us at a table when she knew a reservation was coming in shortly (keep that to yourself - no need to explain how your seating chart works). Then on to my food.  I got the veggie omelette which was okay, but not terrific.  It had very little flavor and I had to pour on salt and then ask for ketchup to boot.  I get that the ketchup is homemade, but the consistency upset my stomach a little.  Too watery and had a lumpy texture. The toast and jam was delicious, the jam was homemade raspberry, but they sure did not bring out enough to cover the four pieces of toast they brought out.Glad I tried it, but will not go again.
5	Absolutely amazing! I had the bacon and cheddar pancakes and they were perfectly done with scrambled eggs on top. Our waiter was really efficient and nice and even made sure we had fresh brewed coffee (rather than bottom of the pot) perfect brunch place! A little small so not exactly for large parties.
1	This was by far the worse meal we had in Charlotte during our visit.  We came for Sunday breakfast.  There aren't a lot of places open for breakfast at 9:30 so our options were limited.  Although reservations were recommended there were some empty tables inside when we arrived.  We were told there would be about a 30 minute wait and that was just about spot on.We were seated outside which wasn't terrible considering the street traffic was really light and it wasn't incredibly hot out.  Our servers quickly greeted us and brought out a bottle of water and coffee.  For our meal selection, hubby chose Eggs Benedict with pulled pork and I chose their Harvest Breakfast- 2 eggs, sausage, toast and potatoes.  After waiting for 25 minutes, I had drank all my coffee and our food still hadn't arrived.  Finally, our food arrived via another server and my hubby's plate was WRONG!  He received sausage instead of the pulled pork he requested. I suggested taking it back but we were so hungry that we didn't want to wait.  My coffee was topped off eventually.  We quickly ate, asked for our check and left.  It felt like we had been forgotten about.  If I remember correctly there were 5 2-top tables outside and the other server came out frequently and even asked if we needed anything and we weren't seated at her table. They were busy inside but that is no excuse to not even visit your tables outside; we are paying guests as well.    It was very disappointing.  I don't know when we will be returning to Charlotte but we won't be returning to Harvest Moon.
5	The food is excellent--inventive, flavorful, and just damn good! We'll definitely be back next time we're in town!
4	This is one of those farm to table restaurants that I read about.The burger that I ordered off the menu was very good. The food here was well seasoned. A more finicky pallet can or less pallet ,such as mine, can tell that everything presented to you was from the farm and very fresh.The price was what I expected for a place of this level of quality of food.
1	Coffee was good, I asked for a non-dairy cream option they did not have one, but that's not a deal breaker I enjoy black coffee. Menu options were slim for a vegetarian (I reviewed the menu online before going and thought there might be more options since they claimed online that the menu frequently changes, but it was the same as what was posted online).  I ordered the veggie omelet, the eggs were cooked well, however slightly greasy for my taste. The menu said this is what should get in my omelet "Diced Onions, Mixed Green Peppers, Zucchini, Squash, and Ashe County Cheddar Cheese" I got spinach and tomatoes in mine. Oh and a very prominent hair. And not the kind of hair you can easily ignore it was the kind that looks very unappetizing. I was unable to finish and the waitress kindly too my entree off the bill. My husband ordered the bacon cheddar pancakes, he said they tasted good, but couldn't eat them because they were too gooey and under done.  I really had high hopes for this place and am saddened by the disappointing meal.
4	I love this spot, I go here often on my own for brunch. It's quite, close by to me, fast and the staff is always nice! I gave this place 4 stars only because since I do come here often and would like to see more variation on the menu, mix it up a little bit every once in a while. I have to say their eggs benedict is amazing and their coffee is delish! If you plan to come here from brunch come early as it does get busy, but waiting is worth it. I really do love this spot and will come back time and time again! :)
4	I have always loved the beautiful, old Dunhill Hotel and was eager to try Harvest Moon Grille.  We were seated promptly for dinner as there was no wait.The decor does not have a date night feel.  It is a bit bright.  There are also large farm pictures of the food that I presume is served.  A bit disturbing are the pictures of a lovely chicken and two pigs.  The farmer is shown petting the pigs, but we all know their fate.I love that they had a vegetarian soup option!  It was broccoli cheddar and so delicious that I could have licked the bowl.  However, on date night, that would have been inappropriate.My husband ordered the trout, which was served on a spinach pancake.  He remarked that the trout was fresh, and the pancake was flavorful.  I ordered The Ribbons without chicken.  I appreciate the attentiveness of our server to my request, as he repeated my order to insure its correctness.  My pasta was tender, and the broccoli and mushrooms cooked to perfection in a creamy herb sauce.  My dish did need salt and pepper.  Our server, noting my frantic shaking of the pepper, arrived with a pepper grinder.Even though the ambiance wasn't what we were looking for, the food and service made our night out memorable.
1	I as thoroughly disappointed by the Harvest Moon Grille.  My food was bland at best.  I went expecting to have flavorful, fresh food, and wound up with a poorly prepared meal.  Overall, it's a place I feel is best to be skipped.  I only wish it were forgettable, but it's truly one of the worst meals I've had in the last couple of years.
5	Everything is 100% fresh and organic. This is an amazing venue and it is open everyday!
4	I met a friend here for lunch and we both loved the atmosphere. Its cozy and quaint. It was also nicely decorated for the holidays, which created a very warm and welcoming environment. To my surprise, they offered both a breakfast and lunch menu. I love the ability to eat breakfast anytime of the day. So I ordered the veggie and cheese omelet. The veggies vary depending on what they have on hand. Today they had broccoli, onions, and spinach. It also came with homefries, which were a combination of sweet potatoes and regular potatoes sprinkled with coarse salt (maybe sea salt?). It was simple and tasty. To complete my meal, I added a side of bacon. The bacon was fantastic. They sprinkled it with ground black pepper. It was very savory. Our waiter was excellent. He was friendly and attentive. After we paid the bill, he even offered us a complimentary tea or coffee to-go. How sweet! It definitely helped me stay warm during my walk back to the car. I love little niceties like this. What a great place. The meal and service were delightful.
4	We ordered breakfast for takeout since we only live a few blocks away. We really enjoyed the biscuits and gravy and brioche french toast. The home fries looked average but we're actually freaking delicious and the bacon was as well! By the time we made it home the food was still yummy in our tummies!
4	This is a great brunch spot.  The food is locally sourced and I highly recommend anything with sausage, their biscuits, or grits as part of the meal.  They have crispy yet warm and gooey biscuits and the grits are thick and full of flavor (salt and butter, I presume).  The bacon wouldn't be kicked out of bed for eating crackers, either!!  Good coffee and don't be afraid to try the bacon and cheddar pancakes...somehow that combo works well.This restaurant is attached to The Dunhill so it does have a little bit of a hotel-restaurant atmosphere to it...not a great "impress-my-date" environment.  But, super yummy breakfasts (served until 2PM).
5	Just happened upon this place by word of mouth. What an amazing find! The biscuits are sweet, cooked to perfection and good with anything. The grits are creamy and well seasoned, even for someone who doesn't enjoy grits all that often. The staff was accommodating and knowledgeable about the menu. The baked apples are the shining star. Pan seared with cinnamon, maple syrup and and brown sugar, it's a sweet treat to enjoy, and highly recommended by our server. Small place with limited seating, but quaint and home-like feel. (Especially if you get lucky enough to hear someone play the piano outside in the lobby). We will definitely be going back!!
4	Deserves 3.5.  Breakfast was good.  Had a good menu.  Pricey for Charlotte!  Service was iffy.  Liked the place overall.
5	Now reopened in Lincolnton, NC
