2	Typical Scottsdale club with a cool interactive LED dance floor and an awkwardly placed taxidermied mountain lion. They were not playing disco music on the opening night.
3	ok, I went here last night & I can't vouch for its weekend atmosphere, but on a tuesday it was pretty dead. which is fine, even preferable, if you go with a large group of people.disco scottsdale is:-a club with an awesome (really awesome!) light-up dance floor. and a pleasant upstairs patio. and bored-looking go-go dancers. and the biggest mirror ball I've ever seen. and an inexplicable taxidermied mountain lion (don't hate, Sunny A. I love the mountain lion.)-a place to get ogled by men from the second-floor balcony. (I wouldn't expect anything less of scottsdale.)disco scottsdale is not:-a place to hear disco music (or Mariah Carey's "Fantasy," apparently, which I requested & never heard). you will hear a decent selection of top-40 hiphop.-a place to find reasonably priced drinks (I still cannot believe I paid $5 for a fucking stella. live and learn. and pregame.)-a place to go on a thursday. or a sunday. or a wednesday. they are only open tuesday, friday, & saturday, 10pm-2am. weird, huh?in sum: disco scottsdale could be just another douchey old town bar, but its light-up dance floor is a seriously redeeming attribute. if you go, pregame. 3.5 stars.
2	First rate DJ's such as DJ Steel spin here often and the light up dance floor is pretty cool but this place is always empty and it's the same bar that whisper was. Boring.
4	I had a great time here last night, went out and wanted to dance and nothing quite did the trick for me...and then we walked into Disco.  From the outside it looked a little empty but once we got in everyone was on the dance floor or upstairs watching everyone get down.  ;)  Loved it...perfect place for a girls night out, lots of fun boys to dance with and the drinks are delicious and not crazy over priced!
4	I went last night, Saturday, and I have to say it was a pretty good place. I was in the mood to dance and this fulfilled that wish. There was no cover and the drinks were reasonably priced. At first glance at the bar, it seems difficult to get to, but the further you get away from the entrance, which is close to the bar, the easier it is to get to. The dance floor was awesome for the lights as was the DJ. While the DJ spun, there were videos projected on the wall. And as mentioned, for a place named Disco, it doesn't play disco, which would lead me to assume they named the place Disco short for discotheque. The dance floor was surrounded with booths and behind some of the booths had the usual stripper poles which the girls love to dance on. There was still the stuff mountain lion overlooking the dance floor, which I did love lol. There were lots of different spaces in the club  to smoke, socialize and sit, which is quite rare; seating is usually scarce in my experience. The only thing I found unenjoyable about the place was the lack of air getting to the dance floor. The fans or air vents were only located in certain places and didn't circulate well.
3	This is actually a fun place to go to. Not exactly a five star club and minus a star for the lack of air on the dance floor. But overall it's a good place to get your dance on. I gotta say I do love the dance floor since it lights up and it's good to at least see what you're stepping on and how icky the dance floor can get with spilled drinks, a tampon, straws, and someone's broken heel... ok ok kidding about the heel but i digress. lol. I like that you can roam around, upon entering the club you see the craziness and crowd of ppl by the bar and dance floor which are surrounded by booths and stripper poles situated between the booths. You also notice on the walls two big screens where music videos play of the song that everyone is dancing to. There's also a second floor in which there are two ways to get up there, either by the winding stairwell outside or the back stairwell which leads you to a dark hallway by the restrooms. It's pretty nice because you can roam be like a creeper. Now, i've been to countless clubs and know a thing or two of navigating through a crowd to get close to the bar or get in the middle of a dance floor to get at least some shoulder room. The same rules apply to Disco. The bar is crowded by the entrance but as you get through the first two waves of ppl there's room to the bar to get a drink. Prices are reasonable by Scottsdale standards. Crowd is very low key and not as douchey unlike the patrons found down the street at PCL, DP, and Axis. And it's a mixed crowd as well. DJ plays a good mix, and overall a fun fun place to just dance. Of course my complaint at this DISCOtheque is the lack of circulating air. It seems the air vents are by the bar area and entrance. I think it wouldn't be too unreasonable and gaudy if fans were in place to at least alleviate the hotness permeating on the dance floor. Also, would it hurt to at least have a few more go go dancers... hot guys and girl dancers are not a bad thing. Just saying. But I like overall vibe, no cover, reasonable drinks, and good music makes this a fun stop in the old town circuit on Sat. nights.
1	Not sure who these clowns are.... "Potential Entertainment" , big deal L.A. whatever!  We went to this place and the only "Potential" it has is it's "Potential" to go out of business.   I give it 3 more months.
3	we were leaving dirty pretty when my friend and i were approached by this random guy on the street. turned out he was a promoter for disco. he got us some free shots and showed us the club. from what it sounded like, this place is pretty new. its a huge space. the main room has a dancefloor with floor panels that light up when you dance on it which is fun. theres also an upstairs patio which is nice area to chill out  and enjoy the fresh air. it was pretty empty when we got there and this was probably around 11:30...so i don't know it it filled up later on. we basically got our shots and left. =P
4	I was here on Saturday 10/30 dressed as a birthday girl while on a Halloween pub crawl in Old Town Scottsdale. The line outside to be carded was a little bit of a turn off, but we went with the flow. Disco would be wise to have two, even three bouncers carding to speed things up.While waiting to get in, I wanted to take a picture of the outside sign for my photo journal, but there wasn't one. Is that coming? hmmmmThere was a huge bottleneck at the entrance at top of the stairs while people waited at that bar for a drink. My friend and I by passed this and went inside. After a quick tour of the upstairs, with an awesome view of  the cool lighted dance floor and stripper poles, we went downstairs to dance. The former establishment, Whisper, didn't have this cool dance floor. Great improvement! The high ceilings and mirrored walls make the dancing experience even more enjoyable.  After a while, the dance floor got very crowded and warm, but we continued to dance anyway. (I had a long blonde wig on that made me even more uncomfortable with all that body heat.) How about more air circulation and ventilation, Disco management....as in lots!The line to use the ladies room was long, as it used to be when the place was Whisper, but, once again, we went with the flow.Several bartenders helped serve at the inside bar so we didn't have to wait long for drinks. That was great!Over all, I had a fun first time experience at Disco and know I will be back.
2	Ok, I came here Sat night to celebrate a pal's birthday. It was a cheesefest from the very beginning. They checked our id's, took our $10 cover and told us we'd better table-up now, bc Common was going to be here later. Really? Woozer! Is that why nobody is even here yet?? It's after 10 and it's basically all my bday party attendees and a few chubby gogo dancers! The birthday girls guy had secured a great table upstairs right off the second floor outdoor bar, so we were all taken care of. It just seemed funny to me that so many guys were there in suits, i mean seriously? Anyway, the music was pretty good, but after a couple of hours I'd had enough. AND- the valet offered us parking up front for a higher price, and ours was the only car upfront. Enough said I think.
3	I don't dance and I definitely don't go clubbing. However, I have a newfound love for Dubstep and Disco offers some pretty fun shows. My bestie, Cathrine L, her friend, and I went here in January to see Jakwob and I had a blast. The drinks are pretty expensive if you aren't ordering well, but if you are the prices are competitive. The light-up floor is pretty rad and makes for a lot fun if you've been drinking.Overall, it is spacious and the decor is very inviting. I really like that the drinking section is upstairs, because it makes for less crowded space. I need to complain about the creepers, though. I am not down with the creepy guy in cargo pants giving me elevator eyes. You don't even get the other two strikes, the white cargo pants are an automatic strike-out, buddy.
4	.
