5	Beautiful new studio with the latest, top of the line equipment. I've been practicing (on and off) since 2001, and this is the nicest studio I've been in.I first met Kelly at a different studio, then followed her when she opened up her own studio nearby. She's super friendly, precise, and a patient teacher who really focuses on the form and technique of the movements. I took classes at four different studios in Scottsdale looking for the right place to practice, and am relieved to have finally found the best.
5	This is the greatest pilates studio.  My results from training here for 6 months are unbelievable.  I feel like they have transformed my body.  I'm 1/2" taller since I started because they have manipulated my posture actively to engage my back muscles permanently to hold my spine more upright.  My back and abs are ripped now and I'm performing sports and other strength training exercises at a very high athletic level.  They are very sensitive to your past injuries and customize every workout for you.  The design of the studio is cool.  really modern and revitalizing.  If youre into fitness they will take you to a whole other level.
5	Great location, very clean and new with hardwood flooring and brand new equipment. I joined with the goal of building core strength for snowboard season, I can say that 4 weeks of private lessons that it really is a tough workout. Kelly is very professional and friendly - dedicated to helping me reach my goals. Highly recommended!
5	Who knew working out could be so fun?!?!  Remedy Pilates is a FANTASTIC pilates studio for all ages and levels.  The class sizes are kept small to ensure personal attention. The instructors check form, and alignment of each student for every exercise.   I am an active young woman, but every week Kelly (one of the instructors) kicks my butt into shape! She is AMAZING! Her knowledge, passion and experience shine through in every class.  The instructors can modify the workouts to fit your body's needs or limitation if you suffer from a previous injury, condition, or if you are pregnant.I have noticed unbelievable changes in my body since I began training at the studio about a year ago.  My core strength, flexibilty, and definition in my arms, and legs have greatly improved, and the best part is my work out at Remedy is something I look forward to every week. The ladies at Remedy (Kelly and Mandi) are beyond wonderful.  They are extremely knowledgeable, caring, and so much fun! When you attend classes at Remedy you feel like you aren't  just a client, but that you are part of the family.
5	Today I had an amazing workout at Remedy! After my 1st pregnancy I got introduced to Mat Pilates and really enjoyed it. Recently Remedy Pilates and Massage was referred to me and I thought I would give it a try. Today I had my 1st private class with Stephanie and am hooked.  Walking into Remedy Pilates I knew instantly my Pilates workout was going to be very different than what I originally experienced.  The studio is located in Scottsdale near Shea and Scottsdale and is designed really nice with Pilate Machines lined up in front of mirrors and other Pilate related equipment. I knew from talking with one of the owners that the workout is done via machines and not on mats, so I knew it would be different from what I was used too.  During my class I laughed with Stephanie because the machines don't let you cheat and I called my husband on the way home letting him know what a great workout I had.  What I really liked about the workout was that I really felt every muscle in my body being stretched. I can't wait to return on Wednesday and if you are looking for a great Pilates workout, check out Remedy!
5	Remedy Pilates and Massage offers outstanding services and is operated by a friendly and knowledgeable staff. Located West of Scottsdale Rd on Shea, it's easy to find. Pilates sessions are offered for one-on-one training or in a small group. The instructors focus on your goals and they will push you as hard as you want or help you still get good work out of a lower impact session. Massage, acupuncture and chiropractic services are offered also.I've been doing Pilates for a couple of years now (all @ Remedy) and it has become the foundation for my personal fitness. The focus on engaging your core muscles throughout the movements of the exercise makes for a much more efficient workout and you feel the results fairly quickly: Going up stairs, bending, kneeling, sitting and standing all feel easier, like my entire body is lighter. I feel lighter on my feet and my sense of balance seems to be greater. My energy level started increasing also.If you are banging away at the Gym 3 to 4 times a week, coming home exhausted, getting sore and still not seeing the results, time to try something else. And to any guys that are not quite convinced because it looks nothing like the traditional workout... That's kind of the point. Challenge yourself and find out if you can hang.
3	It's ok.  But I don't understand all the "5 STARS THEY"RE AMAZING!" reviews.Remedy Pilates is a small pilates studio.  The equipment is indeed new, but until very recently it was only tower reformers and no cadillacs.  They finally added one cadillac.  And there is really almost no space for matt work unless you count laying on the floor behind the reformers (which yes, I have done while people have to walk around you).Everyone is perfectly nice and the studio is clean and new.  They do employ a number of instructors who work elsewhere, so if you get devoted to one of them they can be a bit hard to schedule.I really don't have a complaint, but all these five star reviews compelled me to write.  If you like pilates or have wanted to try it, Remedy is a fine place to go.It wasn't that long ago that I was researching where to pick up pilates again (I did it for years in another city), and I did search locally and sort by stars.  Just sayin..
5	I love Remedy Pilates and Massage. I have chronic neck pain even after having a spinal fusion and pilates has been what has really helped me. The instructors at Remedy are the best and the atmosphere is so positive and upbeat as well.
5	Just got a massage win Antoinette(toni) she was amazingShe knows where to press and i was surprise of her strong hands.I have to say that was the best massage a Never had .Highly recommend it!!thank you remedy I feel better and I'm excited to try your fitness class!
2	They are just OK, not impressed....they have cancelled approx 3 or 4 times in a 2 week period.  They are nice about apologizing but still it is an inconvenience.  When you schedule and they offer that you take another class that you are not really interested in.
