3	My sister had just written her last exam of the semester, and so we decided to go for burritos to celebrate. Burritos rank pretty high up there for me on my list of favourite foods, so I was pretty excited to try out this new contender. Upon entering, I was immediately struck by the ambiance. I'm not generally picky about things like this, but the lighting was so bizarre and dim, and the ceiling felt unusually low - I felt like I was a mole stopping for some food whilst digging my way through an underground tunnel. There was a row of seating by the window and a couple of high-top tables, which seemed really sparse given the space. There was a huge menu posted on one wall, and after a cursory glance at it, my sister went for the bean and cheese, and I chose the halibut, after reading the rave reviews about it for another location of Burrito Boyz. Our burritos were customized to order, and then tossed on the grill. The whole process was a bit lengthier than I had expected, about 10 minutes or so from start to finish. I was apprehensive about the grilling of my burrito, and rightfully so (not to mention that, to my dismay, two people handled my burrito with their bare hands, despite there being a box of gloves sitting in plain sight!). Once I received my hot and hefty bundle and bit into it, it tasted far more like a "wrap" than a burrito. There really was very little that felt "Mexican" about it. The ingredients were fresh enough, and the hot sauce had a nice kick, but apart from that, it didn't hit the spot. Additionally, the halibut tasted a bit greasier than I had expected. It was disappointing on the burrito side of things, but it was a reasonably priced and filling meal.Additional note: most of the clientele, along with the employees, seemed to be small groups of university students. Take this as you will.
2	compared to the locations in missisauga and toronto, the waterloo Burriot Boyz was not up to par, maybe because its so new, it just seemed a lot less tasty then other locations.
3	Not a fan of the decor or the ambience as another reviewer mentioned. The music was way too loud and crappy; no way we would ever, ever eat in there. Take-out is a must.The food is quite good, but does take a long time to get to you; over 10 minutes usually, without a line in front of you. We waited over 25 minutes one time, but it was a lunch rush. Still that was a long time to stand. It is more of a grilled wrap, than a burrito, as another review mentions. Tasty though.No debit though. Seriously? It's 2011, get with the times Boyz. And the parking sucks; angled parking which you have to drive over a sidewalk to get to. Pro Tip: don't run over any pedestrians when backing out.
4	Best burritos I've ever had, and fantastic prices. Don't go in there expecting to find somewhere to sit down. It's optimized for the to-go crowd and there's plenty of standing room. A really nice touch is that all the burrito prices end up rounded to a quarter after tax (eg. the $4.87 small bean and cheese --my favourite-- after tax is $5.50).I eat here at least twice a month. I usually call ahead and they have the food ready for me when I get there to pick it up.
2	It was this or the shawarma joint at university commons. Decided to see what the buzz around boyz was since I haven't been to the Toronto location. My first impression was that it is a huge step in comparison to Bandidos or big fat. The restaurant is easily 4x the size of the former and 2x the latter. I feel like this was to capture the weekend partying from Phil's and probably does a good job at handling the volume. The pricing was a bit confusing as they do not offer two different tortilla sizes, instead the sizes indicated the amount of filling used. I got a small bean burrito without the cheese, and extra spicy w/ the works. Pricing was good and comparable to Bandidos! Meaning big fat's is still the most expensive of the three. The cook time felt longer than Bandidos and they also do not use a flat press to help with the grilling do maybe that's why it took longer to cook while coming out fairly soft. I enjoyed the softness of the burrito, though personally I do enjoy a slightly crunchier wrap. The longer cook time might be a liability during the post club rush =/ just a thought. I felt that the initial bite was underwhelming as the tortilla wasn't proportional to the quantity of filling, they really should get two sizes of tortilla. As I worked my way through the burrito it started getting better, their formula for the beans is very good though I would pass on the burrito sauce, and hot sauce. Both were poor quality with the latter being mild at best. Overall food experience was decent, but they haven't won me over as a loyal customer. I'll take their burritos when I'm in loo but if I'm in Toronto it's Bandidos for me!
3	I feel like their quality is suffering as they try to speed up wait times. I used to be a huge fan of Burrito Boyz, but I guess that phase is waning on me.
1	This location is horrible. I love the Burritos at the other locations, and I have been to this location a few times expecting the same quality. I've been at this location 4 times since moving to the city. The have managed to mess up my order 2 out of 4 times. The first time they messed up my order, they gave away my order and handed me someone else's (I ordered chicken and ended up with shrimp). Order was corrected and the staff were friendly about it. The last time i went (and it will definitely be the last), I ordered over the phone for pick up, had the staff read my correct order back to me and upon pickup, they added the wrong toppings and hot sauce. While halfway eating my burrito at home, there was a piece of raw beef inside.I am absolutely disgusted and will not be returning to this location. I would rather get somewhere else that can get your order right more than 50% of the time.
5	This is the best place to get a burrito in the area. Call in to pre-order and skip the lines when it's busy.
3	The burritos are decently sized for the price. It's about as good of tex-mex as one will find in Waterloo...
3	Good post bar food.
4	The perfect place to go after the bar or for a quick lunch.I had a small beef burrito on whole wheat and it was more than enough food!  They load it up with a lot of toppings which is great.  They will also ask if you want hot sauce.  I like spicy food but this hot sauce is SPICY so be careful!
3	Tried every burrito here and combination. Compared to all the ones i have tried, it seems there wrap here is cheaper. Other then that they know how to make good burritos and are consistent. If someone else opened a burrito place near by wouldnt be surprised if some of the customers would go there as it gets boring after you have tried everything.
4	I'm honestly shocked people didn't rate this higher. Burrito Boyz is awesome. A small is more than enough food, the hot sauce is super hot (I'm up to six drops!) and the ingredients are great. I think its way better than chipotle'sTry either one of the fish burritos; its a little different but they're really good. Great drunk food! Get one with everything!
5	Amazing burritos!One semester it was on my walk home from school and I don't even want to think about how often I used to drop in ;)I started off with the veggie soy burritos but I've since shifted to bean & cheese. Both are super tasty. The veggies are always so fresh and the burrito sauce brings everything together really nicely. Beware of the hot sauce: three dots is usually enough for me, although I've witnessed people get FOUR LINES!If you want to go for lunch I'd suggest getting there early because it gets packed! If you have a bigger order you can always call ahead too.
3	Great food but portions are hit and miss some nights. The staff is friendly and it's fast semi healthy food. Get the gift card and save cash....
4	Ordered a small halibut burrito... CRAZY good. The fish was so tender and didnt have that nasty fishy smell. Make sure you put everything in the burrito (hold off on the jalapenos if you cant take spicy). It was a decent price, and definitely very savoury. The portions arent as ridiculously large as chipotle, and taste just as good, if not better. Chipotle is probably healthier though. But amazing burritos overall!!
1	I've heard only good things from burrito boyz, so I was very excited to try it. I am vegan, and I've heard from a few people they cater to a vegan diet, and do it very well. I went in tonight, and asked the man at cash, what would be vegan. He told me only the guacamole was vegan... I asked "that's the ONLY thing that is vegan? The guacamole?" He told me yes. So I explained to him that I heard from a few fellow vegans that they had been able to get a meal there. He shook his head and said again, guacamole was the only vegan option. So, at this point im confused.  He then asks a coworker, and she looked him and also said nothing is vegan except for guacamole and the soy something rather. So I said I was going to pass, and left. Came home, and checked online. The online menu, states what is vegan... meaning there is in fact vegan options. So what the hell! Even if I had known before hand, what the online menu had said, the people working there obviously were not aware, and that makes it very difficult for a person with dietary restrictions to feel safe eating here.
4	I would rate this place SOLID.  Excellent value for price and my the lines at times, albeit broke canadagoose wearing students, shows it is proper.  The size either small or large is sufficient. Meat or sweet potato has flavor, is grilled well and ready in a few minutes.   There is nothing special about the burrito but being a solid meal in a town with terrible food options is great.
4	I love this place. Quick, "healthy", filling and affordable! I always get the mix chicken and steak and it's the best! One thing I find super awkward is when they ask if I want everything on and say and pick things individually. I CANT THINK WHAT I DONT WANT THAT FAST, IM SORRY! I always seem to get an "ugh hurry up look" That said it's delicious and $8 for a large that's basically football sized? Not bad at all.
1	So uncool restaurant. The people work there are not nice and welcomig at all.I wont go there again.Waste of money
4	The first time i had Burrito Boyz, I was at a meeting where the food was catered. I had no idea where my mystery burrito fell from. My first impression? It was the best burrito I've ever had. Brain: "Wow there like avocado in here too". What else can i say? They put everything you could possible want (and things you didn't know you wanted) in your burrito. I've been to the Toronto location a few times the food tastes the same. The quality, service, and price at this location however is not up to par.But whatever, you came for the burrito.
5	Out of all the burrito places I've been to (Chipotle, Fat Bastard, Mucho Burrito, Burrito Boyz), hands down Burrito Boyz is the best I've had. First off, it has guacamole included without additional costs. Most places charge you around $1-2 for it. Also, the burritos are very filling especially if you get a large. I normally get the large chicken burrito with everything on it which is excellent. I also highly recommend trying the veggie soy if you want something different. Note: the hot sauce is also very hot (i believe its homemade).
4	Their burrito is tasty and very big for a reasonably affordable price. Very  good for takeout if you feel like eating Mexican.
