3	I love hungry howies pizza, however on the easy coast where I am from and have had hungry howies more, things are a little different. This one has a drive thru so that was a nice feature. I wish they have the taco pizza, or taco sub. I think that would be a big hit here. Does take a long time on a Friday or sat to walk in and walk out with your dinner.
3	Being from Florida, Hungry Howies is one of our favorite quick pizza places.After several trips to this location over the past few months I just can't give them any higher than 3 stars. Love the taste of the crust, especially the garlic! The sauce is not as rich as other pizza joints. They seem to use a lot of cheese and veggies - meat lovers looks hearty with meat also.My main issue is the amount of time we wait each and every time we go in for pizza. The other night rather than call it in, we went there and ordered. One cheese/pepperoni pizza, Veggie Pizza, Turkey Club, and Howie Bread. Not a lot but we ended up waiting 25 minutes for our order. The thing that made me the angriest was the fact that our pizza and sub sat on the counter for an additional 7 minutes while we waited for the howie bread. They did bring the order out to us at the table and apologized for the wait. I am hopeful in the future they will get there act together. I just don't feel like there is any rush there unless you call in the order and get it delivered? But than we must tip and get charged a delivery fee. Just not worth it.We will continue to eat there because it is a great value for a larger family. But might have to see what other competitors can match them ;)
2	I am all about service and the gentleman that helped me tonight needs a course in customer service. I walked in to make an order and he made me feel as though I was inconveniencing him! In fact he kept throwing kitchen supplies in the back and when he hung up the phone with a customer before me he slammed the phone down. Even more alarming was after I have him my order he threw the pen I used at the register. I get we all have bad days and it looks like he was short staffed-- didn't see anyone else in the back- but geez cool your jets in front of customers. Service aside the pizza is decent and I love the Howie Maui.
