5	Love this Tropical Smoothie Location!Friendly, Courteous, Great Energy! The staff seems like they enjoy coming to work and Smiles are free. I love the Mango Moxic Smoothie (hold the peach) even if it isn't on the menu. And the Kiwi Quencher is so good after being out in the heat...Very Refreshing! I Love You...Never Leave Again!
5	Great smoothies and chicken and pesto pitas!
4	Don't know if I should bother writing a review for a drive thru smoothie run, but since Yelp will continue to remind me about my visit here, let's do it!Drove up, ordered, paid, received smoothies....amazing!The wait was very short, service through the window was with a smile, and of course, the smoothies are always good here.Not much more to say!
4	Great service. Friendly staff. Haven't had a smoothie from here I didn't like :)
4	Can you say amazing?! The staff is friendly and this location has never been too busy when I have gone in so the service is also pretty quick. The food is wonderful. I haven't had anything that I didn't like. And the smoothies... SO good. Get a stamp/punch card too so you can get a smoothie for a penny later on!
4	Awesome smoothies! I like tropical more than jamba!We love that there is a drive-thru for convenience and a military discount :) although their drive-thru display can use some tlc....I like the hawaiian breeze and my husband likes the sunrise sunset.
4	Yay for drive-through! No more walking in all sweaty after a workout. It's fast and accurate. Unlike most drive-throughs, they actually get your order right all the time. Tropical Smoothie Cafe is so much better than those fast-food places in terms of quality and service.I love their food and smoothies. I normally get a chicken pesto flatbread or King Caesar wrap, Paradise Point, Lean Machine or a Peanut Paradise. They use fresh ingredients and real fruit. Yum!
4	Quick. Some of the food is just too out of the box and it doesn't work, like the "wasabi caesar"...disgusting! Yet the jerk chicken is amazzzing. The smoothies are fantastic and they always have good coupons too. Winner, winner.
3	Tropical smoothie is delicious! But....This location seems to have an issue opening on time and since I have to get to base before the morning rush, it makes it extremely inconvenient when at least twice a week the lights aren't even on at 6am when they are supposed to be open.  Go figure, but I would want my business open all of the hours I say it should be.This is just a pet peeve.... Their drive through speaker is so quiet that I NEVER can hear them even shutting my truck off, it's quite annoying.Not that I'm looking for a handout, but when you go in every time in uniform and then 6 months later you are told there has always been a military discount, it's a little discouraging.Food is great, and service is good when it's there. This could be a 5 star if they could open on time and get that speaker working to where you can communicate.
5	Second update:5 stars! Intercom is fixed and I could clearly hear and understand everything and 0608 in the morning and they are up and running. Didn't ask for military discount and checked my check, sure enough, good to go. Great job to the owners and staff for taking care of the customer!  Just showing you care enough to try is more than most these days, great business!Update: I wrote a review a few days ago about some issues I felt could improve at this location. I noticed that the business itself comments back on many of the Yelp reviews. Within a couple days, the business has already put plans in place to enhance the service at this location and that automatically bumps it up a star. Kudos to you for running a business you care about!  Heading over this morning hoping they are open.Tropical smoothie is delicious and I will be a long-term customer.  Thanks!
4	I am a huge fan of Tropical Smoothie Cafe, and I'm really glad that one of the highest rated ones is super close to where I live! TS is a gem. They always have text deals and coupons in your mail floating around, so you really have to be active in getting/finding them if you want to save money on your smoothies! They workers were super fast at making our food and smoothies, and all of it was really tasty and I would definitely go back again. The only setback is that they sometimes work so fast that they forgot to make the smoothie I ordered on the receipt and didn't apologize!! But, it took them all of 3 minutes to serve it up, so I guess its okay--just a minor setback :) So join the text club and get yo smoothie on!!! It's about to be one hot hot hot summer!
5	I gave it 5 stars just because I didn't have any issues. The cashier gave us time to think about the order and I didn't feel rushed. The food and the smoothies are delicious. I also got military discount so that's good.They have good healthy choices that seemed very appetizing. The smoothies are all low fat. Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.
3	Hard to find any juice bars or healthy eats in North Las Vegas so I was excited when I found this on yelp. I thought I'd like it more though. Bahama mama (3.5 stars): Hint of white chocolate is really good. Couldn't taste much other than strawberry though. I'll definitely come back to try more and to try the food, probably one of the few healthier alternatives around here.Place is clean, 2 cute purple chairs to relax in. Drive through is awesome to have in the heat! Service was great! Lady that helped us was super nice.
2	This place had the slowest drive-thru I've ever been in! And the people are so rude! I love the smoothie but it took so long just to order.
2	I don't know what it is, but the drive-thru is excessively slow for some odd reason. Sometimes it takes 5-10 to progress up one car. And what kills me, is my smoothie isn't as delicious as it should be. So I stopped coming here. I've gotten 3 watered down or I taste more ice flakes than smooth greatness.
5	They are all so friendly!! I love the peanut butter smoothie a d it is AMAZING!!!! ALL of drinks are amazing and they use real fruit unlike jumbo juice. I love going to tropical smoothie!!!
5	Awesome unbeetable smoothie and baja flatbread!  The beets with berries make this yummy while being healthy.  Love the drive thru
4	Went to tropical smoothie yesterday and loved it. Had a wrap and a strawberry banana smoothie. Didn't even know that they served food. The wrap was on point! Smoothie was very comparable to Jamba...which is a good thing. Service was fast and Sarah at the cashier was a lot of help. She even gave me an extra cup for the extra from the smoothie. Going back for sure. -Joe
