4	great menu-breakfast lunch and dinner. VERY cheap & they deliver. I have eaten here on dozens of occassions delivery but today was the first time I ever went to the place to eat.Polaris is kind of an obscure street so I really had no idea where it was I kinda found myself at a deadend and it was sitting there in an old gas sttion kinda strange really. The place was packed for the lunch hour with construction workers from the area. There was plenty of seating with a few boothes, all with checker vinyl tableclothes & TV's throughout the place. It was very busy but they had my meal ready very quickly. I ordered breakfast-the farmers connection-3 scrambled eggs with diced sausage,pepper & onion coverd in sausage gravy & cheddar cheese with 2 pancakes & 2 sausage links & 2 bacon strips. It was way too much food but it was hot, crispy & tasty. The service was very fasy & friendly and the food was exceptional for a cafe I would recommend it.
3	The company I work for ordered breakfast from here for Christmas Eve.I have had take-out from here many times and it is generally good, mostly hot and almost always correct.I was a little disappointed since it is literally 1 block away the gravy on my biscuits was cold and they completely forgot my hashbrowns.Bacon was nice and crispy, but what the hell it was FREE.Cost them 1 star for screwing it up
3	I called and ordered the country scram for breakfast & this time they got it right-2 scrambled eggs over 2 biscuits covered in sausage gravy with hashbrowns & 4 strips of bacon. $6 and they delivered!! It was good with the hashbrowns this time.
2	I have ordered twice from here, because they deliver and I can't leave work to get food...  It is mediocre at best.  First time I wanted a "mexican connection" but apparently i have an old menu so I got a burrito that was supposed to have eggs, peppers, avocado, salsa - it comes w cheese n sausage too but i didnt want those ingredients..  Anyways, there was egg and avocado, a little side of salsa and thats about it, oh it came with hashbrowns.  The hash browns suck.  Today i ordered biscuits n gravy, asked for my hash browns crispy, they were not crispy.  They sucked again.  The biscuits were chewy and somewhat hard, gravy bland.  Did i mention the hash browns suck?  I love hash browns, thats too bad.  Got coffee too, it sucks.  Second star only because they deliver.
3	So this place is like a little gold mind.  A hidden away building that there is no way you'd find it even on accident, has orders all day long.  The owner has to be doing well for this tiny little joint.  So from the top, the outside of it kinda looks shady.  Meaning, I'd keep driving if I haven't eaten there before.  But inside is a small dining area, more of a quick stop and eat place.  But there to go orders is what does it.  Sit down and eat for 15 minutes, and you will see them shuffle out more food to their 10 delivery drivers than you could eat in a month.  They obviously are doing something right.  Their deliveries are free too.  Just tip the driver if you want.  I give it 3 stars mainly for presentation.  If you call to make an order over the phone, it sounds like there are 15 people running around in the background working.  They talk to you on the phone like they are busy.  Same in person, just shuffle in, and shuffle out.  But they have virtually anything you want to eat.  And the food is mostly all good.  Yeah I have eaten there several times and there have been some things I liked more than others, but mostly it's all good food.  Normal prices.  When you are just looking for some food at lunch time in your work day, this is much more worth it than your normal fast food joint you do every other day.  Good food, the rest of it, ehhhh.
4	Great little dinner! Great american food! My dad has been going for many years.
3	Mmm breakfast. I love it, but I seem to skip it so often... Probably because I also love to sleep!Every so often my boss skips breakfast as well, and from time to time he will treat the office ladies to something from one of the nearby eateries that deliver breakfasts. It just so happened that the same morning someone from Polaris Street Cafe dropped off menus to our office, my boss wanted to order breakfast. So we decided to give them PSC a try.Breakfast for 6 people was $30 (no drinks, and not including the delivery driver's tip). I personally didn't care that much for the Mexican Burrito I ordered, I don't think Mexican flavors is their specialty. My coworkers that ordered more basic breakfast items, like the breakfast sandwiches, enjoyed their meals. My boss had a breakfast skillet which was HUGE, they do offer half skillets which would probably be better if you are not a big eater. For the time being, I think Polaris Street Cafe is A-OK... I definitely think my first experience will not be my last and when I order something else off the menu there is a good chance I'd be a fan...
4	I like this place.  For a hole in a wall, it gets the job done- satisfies hunger.  The location and place itself is questionable at first, but the food is good and they do free deliveries.
3	Ordered a burger from here a week ago. It was pretty good and for someone like me who doesnt wasnt a huge beef patty - the 1/4 lb was perfect. The bun was good - not some crappy McDonalds style bun like some place. I love that they deliver for free - thats what made me order in the first place. I will be ordering the biscutsand gravy next time :)
2	Ordered lunch for 4 people (delivered)... every order was mediocre at BEST. I ordered the grilled ham & cheese, but I don't consider processed cheese slices "cheese" + 2 skimpy slices of ham & soggy fries. Definitely NOT worth the $8.55 it cost. Needless to say their menu is now in our recycle bin.
1	This was the first food poisoning in my life. Since Lunch Stop closed, our options for lunch at work decreased significantly. I don't always have the luxury of leaving work for lunch, and often times just order food and eat in my office while I work. I figured Polaris Street cafe was nearby and they delivered without an order minimum. That was a plus. What was not a plus was me hurling all afternoon and into the evening. I kept burping and tasting that awful burger until I finally could no longer stand it and threw up every last bit of it. It was pretty agonizing 24 hours -- lots of trips to the bathroom and copious consumptions of pepto bismol. It may have been a one time fluke, I don't know, but I will NEVER order from this place again.
5	This is the best breakfast in town.  My favorite is the Country Omelet with no peppers or onions.  Their prices are good, food is great, service is a good or better than any other breakfast place in town.  The Hash Browns are real and fresh - not like a lot of other Egg places in this town  - Yeah this is as good as it gets.  I left town for a year and Polaris Street Cafe was the only thing I missed
3	recently started to work in the area and heard this joint had quick delivery. Yes, the delivery was quick, however the food was just ok. I ordered the superbird lunch special which is turkey swiss bacon and tomato on sourdough with fries and I had them add avacado. My interpretation was that this would be a cold sammy. It was hot, very hot which kind of grossed me out. At least the fries were really awesome. I think I will probably order from here again but something else or ask more questions.
4	Thanks to a friend's recommendation, I went to the Polaris Street Cafe for breakfast this morning.  Never judge a book by its cover!  From the outside you think, "This is the place Ben recommended?"  Once inside, it's a totally different world.  Red and white checked tablecloths on the tables, movie posters, and photos of old actors and actresses on the walls, and a very friendly staff.I took a seat and a server brought me a menu and asked about something to drink.  I ordered coffee and he brought me both coffee and a glass of ice water.  The coffee was promptly refilled while I was there.I had seen the menu online and I knew they had a good breakfast selection.  I ordered the Ranchero omelette which is a 3 egg omelette with pieces of sausage, green chilies, avocado,  cheddar cheese, and topped with a ranchero sauce.  It comes with fried potatoes and toast or biscuit.  In my case, I ordered rye toast and they asked if I wanted it buttered or not.While waiting, I was surprised by the number of calls they got for delivery.  It seemed like someone was always on the phone taking an order.  In a short time, a server brought my breakfast and asked if I wanted any hot sauce.  Cholula, of course.  I was all set.The breakfast was excellent.  Hearty and really more than I should have eaten even letting the plates go with some of the toast and potatoes unfinished.  The restaurant has three rooms.  Two larger rooms and one small room off to the north of the building.  This is a warehouse, business section of town so there are bars over the windows and on the door.  Don't be fooled by the cover.  The book is great!  Thanks Ben!  I owe you.  Maybe breakfast at the Polaris?
5	Was getting car serviced around the corner. Had some time to kill and short on cash. $5 for a full breakfast and good quality food. Would definitely come back here when I am in the area. Will definitely recommend this place to people on a budget and people in the spring mountain area of Vegas.
4	I had eggs and country fried steak, plus biscuits and gravy and it was great! Everything cooked fresh and in big portions. It's only open for breakfast and lunch but worth it
3	Had delivery of the Super Bird sandwich lunch combo today ($8.65 with fries and drink). Buttered texas toast was good, decent amount of turkey and bacon. But you know what would make this sandwich better? Jam, like a monte cristo. Delivery was fairly quick. Fries were cold and hard upon arrival, but I think they might have been good at one point in time. 2 little packets of catsup is not enough, and again with the evil, evil styrofoam. What's up with that, Vegas? http://www.green-4-u.com/2008/05/22/why-styrofoam-is-bad/
3	Breakfast and lunch eats.I have never actually visited the place but have used them for delivery option on several occasions.They offer an assortment of American breakfast and lunch options. The food is actually very good and they give you a lot for your money.Delivery can sometimes be a little slow but my food always arrives hot and fresh, so never any complaints there.
5	I been here about 4 or 5 times already and all I gotta say is that if you are looking for great breakfast along with great service then you should definitely give Polaris Street Cafe a try. I agree with the user who said that this place is a hidden gem! I actually ordered food to go today and everything was great, they even gave me ketchup, jam, napkins and plastic silverware without me asking for it! Deserves all five stars!
5	This place is awesome I am from California on a business trip and this cafe has been great to eat for lunch ! Couldn't ask for anything better ! Great prices and great food
