4	It looks like The Cupcakery http://www.yelp.com/biz/rOqY1Vj8sQ6kL9XLVQRslw?hrid=uAzjdVfA6_GBBfK2cuhwrA over in Henderson might have some competition in the world of fancy cupcakes!Opening up only a week and a half ago, word is that Cupcake Lane Bakery has a franchise in mind.  I spotted this little store as we whizzed past W. Flamingo Road and suggested, "Make a right turn!" to my bf.  As we drove up, we noted the "Closed" sign and knew a return visit was a must.  Coming up with some cute names as "Road to Hana" and "Strawberry Fields Way", Cupcake Lane Bakery tantalizes your taste buds with their large selection of tasty morsels.  After reading through each and every description, my friend chose the "Michigan Avenue", the bf chose the "Lake Tahoe Boulevard" in honor of his hometown, and I went for the "Hollywood Boulevard."  (I technically should have gone for the "Lombard Street" or the "Ghiradelli Square" in tribute to my hometown!)The "Michigan Avenue" is a "lemon-infused cupcake topped with a zesty lemon cream cheese frosting and garnished with yellow and blue sprinkles."  My friend was impressed and knew she was in big trouble since this location was not too far from where she lived.  Not being a huge lemon fan myself, I was hesitant.  It was rather refreshing and light.  Sweet without being tart, and actually, pretty darn good.The "Lake Tahoe Boulevard" is described as "Sitting around the campfire and enjoying our take on the S'more.  A chocolate cupcake with a marshmallow center, topped with chocolate ganache and crushed graham crackers and finished with a drizzle of chocolate."  It tasted like a brownie with a gooey center.  It was yummy, but not that special in my opinion.Sticking with the basics, the "Hollywood Boulevard" is "a vanilla cupcake topped with vanilla buttercream and sprinkled with stars."  I felt this was the best way to truly taste the cupcake and the cream on its own.  The cupcake was moist, flavorful, and could stand alone.  The buttercream was sweet, not overly done, and not dependent on the cupcake to stand. I was impressed.  Cupcake Lane Bakery has a lot of promise.  The interior decor could use some help and they have two solo couches and two small chairs for sitting.  They also offer monthly special cupcakes, like this month's was the "Times Square" which had champagne in it.  At $2.25/each, or $23/dozen, they are definitely going to be fair competition.  I'll be back to try the "Savannah Street" and the "Park Avenue."Sidenote: They even offer a Pupcake, a cupcake made specifically for your furry four-legged friend!
4	it seems that the growing trend of specialty cupcake bakeries has finally hit las vegas.  recently, my lovely dining companion randomly discovered the cupcake lane bakery.   unfortunately, the place was closed, but we were determined to have a taste of their cupcakes.  the cupcakes have been named with unique or actual street names.  "Las Vegas Blvd, Park Avenue, and Strawberry Fields Way."  My lovely dining companion compares the classic/traditional cupcake in these type of specialty bakeries, so i had the opportunity to taste the "hollywood blvd"...vanilla cupcake topped with vanilla buttercream and sprinkles.  i have to say for such a simple recipe, i really enjoyed the cupcake.  yeah, the cake was moist on the inside, the buttercream was not overly sweet, but it had some type of crust on the cake that made it stand out in my mouth.I also got to try the "michigan avenue", which was a cupcake with the perfect amount of lemon zest (not too sour...not too sweet) that was topped with lemon cream cheese frosting.  i was really surprised b/c i dont eat lemon candy or dessert at all, but id actually order this again.in support of my place of birth i had to get the "lake tahoe blvd."  it was a chocolate cupcake filled with a melted marshmallow center and topped with chocolate ganache and crushed graham crackers.  i thought it was ok.  it tasted like a brownie, but filled with white frosting rather than actual marshmallow.I will be back for the "Pike Place", rich mocha cupcake topped with cappuccino flavored butter- cream and my default favorite type of cupcake...anything red velvet..."Savannah Street" described as red velvet cupcake topped with cream cheese frosting and garnished with red velvet crumbles.  oh yeah...that sounds real good.i am disappointed with the interior decor.  the place needs more decorations to make it feel warmer and cozier. once it bumps up the decor, the advertising, and customers, the cupcakery will have a run for its money.
4	I found this place from the first person who reviewed this place. It just so happened my Chiropractor's office is right up the street. It was interesting because it reminded me of this other cupcake place in Beverly Hills. I was curious if it was the same one. It's not Sprinkles. But Cupcake Lane Bakery. Sprinkles is about 36 a dozen. This Cupcakery is about 28 dollars a dozen with a 25 dollar delivery fee. This place was far less. Gourmet Cupcakes...new place. Interesting. After doing more research and a late night drive to survey this place so I can set a goal to indulge myself in comfort food goodness. I set out to see it this week. It definitely is not easy to find if you don't know where you're going. Pickup Stix is it's welcoming landmark. The storefront looks basic until you walk in. The colors are bright and cheerful and it's warm and homey. What more would you ask for a comfort food extraveganza. You can ask for smells. The sweet aromas of baking and sugars linger around the store. So cupcakes? Expensive? Why? It's really why not. Why not have a Red Velvet cake without having to feel like you indulged yourself in SIN? Lake Tahoo...According to Laura there, it's great when it's microwaved. Well she lied. It's not great. 15 seconds of radioactive poisoning brought forth a rush of memories from Hawthorne Youth Camp and fun campfire songs, good friends, and a explosive oral orgasm that lingered with s'more goodness. I also had the Road To Hana. Great moist chocolate cake, wasn't too sweet. I was expecting a bit more chocolate in the middle. However it wasn't as much as I expected. The Ghirardelli Square --- had a great balance of Ghirardelli chocolate and sugar.  There's this Savannah St Red Velvet Cupcake. Not overly sweet on the cream cheese frosting. Moist and Decadant like how red velvet should be. Yet still very familiar yet not too rich. The strawberry fields.....fanf*ckingtastic. Fresh fruit, whipped frosting and strawberry cake. It reminded me of a strawberry shortcake. The cupcakes here are not over the top. It's not like going to a grocery store and picking up store bought cupcakes where they all taste the same --- white cake or chocolate cake....This place gives you cupcake options. Options of buying a high end gourmet cake --- without feeling guilty of the calories.  I would like to see maybe 1 new edgy flavors.So yes I had 2 dr appointments this week.1 dr appt = 1 doz cupcake visit.2 = 2 doz cupcakes this week = FAT MYKEGood thing I share!
4	Last night the lady of the house threw me a party for my berfday. In lieu of a traditional birthday cake she brought home 2 -dozen of these gourmet Cupcakes. They looked so cool in the package- they tasted just as good as they looked.   My girlfriend said the shopping experience was a snap and the people behind the counter were very friendly. (Could you imagine being in a bad mood slingin' cupcakes, a cupcake Nazi?) Anyhoot, the cupcakes were the hit of the soiree and they were delicious. If you ask me I'd say the coolest part of getting a dozen of these is watching a bunch of 30 something's fighting over a freakin' cupcake. Apparently the "Hollywood Cupcake" is the hot item of the month because they are selling out like hotcakes... Hot(cup)Cakes ;)
3	Cupcakes are my favorite.  The strawberry cupcake was the best.The only thing was I asked how much the baby tee was and she said, "um, they're not for sale."  I was very confused because they were placed on the shelf as if they were selling merchandise.I am huge on customer service.  Maybe we went on an off day but it wasn't that great.
5	I received a package of these as a gift for the holidays and they are great!  The packaging looks really nice and the cupcakes were very good.
4	These cupcakes were really good.  I received a dozen as a gift and the assortment was wonderful.  The cupcakes were moist and fresh.  I don't know if I would pay that much for a dozen but they make a great gift.
2	Located in yet another brand-spanking-new strip mall, the inside of Cupcake Lane Bakery has a strong, sugary sweet smell that reminds me of grocery store bakeries. The brightly colored frosting and airbrushed decorations give their cupcakes a bit of a "grocery store" look as well. There isn't any seating other than a couple of kid-sized armchairs so be prepared to take your cupcakes somewhere else to eat them.  The bakery seems to be run by two very cheerful men, who gave me permission to snap pictures.  My favorite part was definitely the stripper-man cupcake cake.I got the Main Street (vanilla cake with chocolate chips baked inside topped with chocolate buttercream and rolled in mini chocolate chips) and the Michigan Avenue (lemon infused cake topped with lemon cream cheese frosting).Main Street:   Eating the soft chocolate frosting with the dry, artificial tasting cake is not unlike eating a cracker with peanut butter -- you NEED a glass of milk with this cupcake. Without a drink it feels like eating a melted Hershey bar on top of a dry grocery store muffin. Texture aside, the cupcake had a rich chocolate taste that was sweet and delicious, but ultimately tasted like a pre-packaged Otis Spunkmeyer chocolate chip muffin.Michigan Avenue:  This cupcake smells like lemon, but in a candy-extract sort of way.  It has a bitter aftertaste that tastes artificial and reminds me of grocery store cupcakes.  There is something almost plasticy about the artificial lemon flavor.  Together the frosting and cake have a greasy, bitter lemon taste that's frankly kind of gross.  I'm a huge fan of lemonheads and have been known to eat an entire box in one sitting, and this cupcake tastes exactly like the last couple of lemonheads in the box.  You know, the lemonheads you eat anyway despite the fact that your tongue is raw and you feel like you're going to be sick from all the sugar?At the end of the day, I'm going to have to recommend heading over to The Cupcakery -- although I loved the bakery and the friendly staff, the taste of these cupcakes is sub-grocery-store quality.
2	When taking a walk down Cupcake Lane, make sure you take your insulin or diabetic pills along and brace yourself  for a sugar rollercoaster ride. It was a friend's b-day so we thought we'd get him some cupcakes to celebrate. The box is pretty and the lavender/white polka dot ribbon is a great touch. As for the cupcakes themselves: the frosting on all of them was just way too sweet, in general. I couldn't really taste anything but the sugar. We took a stroll down: Savannah Street (aka Red Velvet): I'm a big fan of red velvet cake. This one just didn't do it at all or me.Ghirardelli Square: chocolate cupcake, topped with chocolate buttercream and Ghirardelli chocolate shavings.Las Vegas Boulevard: chocolate cupcake, covered with vanilla buttercream, rolled in toasted coconut and drizzled with chocolate.Lake Tahoe Boulevard: a S'More cupcake, basically.Cute streets that unfortunately do not take you to tastebud heaven.
2	I purchased a Hollywood Blvd cupcake as well as a Savannah Street treat.  The Hollywood Blvd cake tasted like it was purchased at my local Vons - not that that is a bad thing, but if I am purchasing cupcakes from a cupcake shoppe, I have higher expectations.  The frosting was extremely sugary - sort of like you want to barf after eating it.  The cake was moist but its flavor was overpowered by the frosting.The Savannah Street cupcake was very blah.  The cake had a sort of waxy taste to it and the frosting flavor was much too weak.I was glad I had the opportunity to sample, but I will not be driving down Cupcake Lane any time soon.
4	Good cupcakes! Not cheap -- about $2 a cupcake, but it's a nice treat. I highly recommend the Red Velvet one (Savannah Street) .... it's GOOD!
2	We went to the Cupcake Lane Bakery with high expectations.  Sadly, we all were very disappointed and for the money they charge that's just not cool.The cupcakes we tried were the Michigan Avenue, the Hollywood Blvd and the Savannah Street and not one of us really and truly enjoyed them.  The cupcakes were dense, the frosting extremely sugary and the flavors (especially the Michigan Ave) seemed to leave a bad taste in your mouth.When you're charged over $2 each you expect for these to be fabulous confections.  Not so much.On a positive note, our dogs LOVED their pupcakes.  :)
3	Our third stop on the LV Cupcake Crawl 2008 was Cupcake Lane, just a hop, skip and a jump from Mad Hatter. My question is, who thought it was a good idea to put two cupcake places literally a five minute walk from one another? Just wondering. The inside is unimpressive and has some strange, midget sized furniture. Whether you're are to eat your cupcakes on chairs that are two feet high is questionable, I can assure you it wouldn't be too comfortable. I give Cupcake Lane thumbs up for their attempt at cupcake merchandise, although none of it was that cute, it was the only other place than the Cupcakery that sold cupcake paraphernalia. We ordered the following- Savannah Street, Main Street, Michigan Avenue, and another cupcake that isn't on their menu, but was a Cinnamon Coffee Cake. Savannah Street- Keith A is a big fan of Red Velvet, so we decided to give it another shot somewhere else, since the guy at the counter said that "everyones Red Velvet is different". Sorry buddy, but yours wasn't very good! Initially, there wasn't much of a taste at ALL. Then, a biting aftertaste. Yuck! I am a HUGE fan of cream cheese frosting. In fact, I normally prefer it to buttercream. This cream cheese frosting was SOUR! It questionably went bad. Ewwwwwwie.Main Street- Vanilla cupcake with chocolate chips in the cake, topped with chocolate buttercream and rolled in chocolate chips. This was my favorite cupcake at Cupcake Lane. I loved the texture the chocolate chips provided the cake itself, and the chocolate buttercream was very nice. Not too sweet, not too bland. Just right!Michigan Avenue- Lemon cake with lemon frosting. The lemon cake was VERY good; however, the lemon frosting was too lemony and artificially tasting. The frosting overpowered the nice, subtleness of the cake. Crumb Cake- I really liked this one and think it would be great for breakfast with a cup of coffee. However, it would never get it if I had a cupcake craving. At $2.50, these were the least expensive cupcakes on our crawl. They were good... not fabulous. However, the value was good and I'd much prefer Cupcake Lane to Mad Hatter!
3	3rd stop on the Crawl - i missed out on the selection and discussion with the staff because my sis left her purse at the mad hatter so i had to drive back to get it - luckily the place is less than a 1/2 mile away - we got 4 cupcake stores in the valley and two of them are practically neighbors !!we decided to take these cupcakes to the nearby adam's ribs in order to eat cupcakes and drink beer.  my sis friend annette believes that cupcakes go better with beer then milk and didn't understand why the cupcake stores did not sell beer !!red velvet,  crumb cake ( kinda like a coffee cake ) , vanilla/chocolate,  lemon.ordered a leinie wheat to go with the cupcakes - that hit the spot !!!  the red velvet - geez, this thing tasted funny - very strange aftertaste - terrible !the crumb cake - ok  -  good taste but it just didn't taste like a cupcake lemon - not a big fan of lemon, but i liked this - i think it went well with the beer !!vanilla/choc with chips -  very good, the cake was moist and dense and not too sweet !i gotta move this up a notch from my last visit and given the price, it's better than cupcake lane
2	Tried this the other day, and found it wanting. For the record I had the S'mores cupcake. I thought the chocolate frosting tasted overprocessed and the cake itself was very dense like foam rather than moist like cake. Pass.
3	I liked their red velvet cupcake better than the Mad Hatter one.  Still nowhere close to Sprinkles but it was fine and took care of the cupcake fix.
3	i actually visited their booth at BITE of Las Vegas and bought a Red Velvet Cupcake $3. It was great. HUGE and very moist and tasty. I will have to visit their location.
2	Price is good compared to other places, but the cupcakes weren't that great. They were dry and they tasted like they were days old. Won't go back....
3	1st stop on my cupcake crawlI ordered 3 for $8+42nd Street--chocolate cake with a cherry cream filling, chocolate ganache top, and a whipped cream flower. Finished with a long stem cherryLas Vegas Boulevard -chocolate cupcake, covered with vanilla buttercream, rolled in toasted coconut and drizzled with chocolate Lake Tahoe BoulevardA vanilla cupcake topped with chocolate ganache, marshmallows, graham cracker pieces and finished with a drizzle of chocolate.Great cupcakes!!!! Very nicely done,!!!! Then I bit into it and it was very very dry. if it werent for the filling it would be unbearably dry.off to my next stop across the street.........
1	I am a total cupcake connoisseur, and I am amazed this place is still in business with the Mad Hatter right across the street! Cupcake Lane does have a cute little shop, and the cupcakes do look amazing, but I was highly disappointed with the taste. The frosting isnt sweet enough (too much cream chesse tasting) and the cake part was not moist-Just Yuk!
5	I love cupcakes, and I love cupcake lane. I have never been dissapointed with any of their products... They even have a puppy cupcakes, for my four legged friend. I realize that everyone has a different taste in cupcakes... But if you're looking for light, moist cake... With fluffy, light frosting that's never saccharin... Then this is the place for you! There are several other options very nearby... Madhatter in the next shopping center... Imho... To heavy, too sweet, with gritty frosting.And sugars up the road aways... Heavy dry cake with VERY sweet and thick, frosting.I would reccomend cupcake lane anyday, but for sceptics... Definitley worth a try!
4	I was visiting from Los Angeles for my little sister's birthday & was skeptical because I'm usually a "stick with what I know" kind of person. Oh, & I'm serious about my cupcakes! =) Well, Cupcake Lane did NOT disappoint! They were exceptional. My sister was excited & loved them. I will recommend them to all my local friends. Thank You!
3	i decided to get cupcakes as a gift for a friend and was a little disappointed. the final presentation was in a plastic clam like what you would find at the grocery store. It didn't look anything special and the cupcakes just looked OK. I was looking for cute presentable cupcakes but well, it wasn't there. for the cost you would expect more, or at least the option for more if its a gift.the cakes themselves got good reviews from my friend. best flavor was the smore's cupcake. none of the 6 i chose were dry or flavorless. so i guess that was the plus side.
2	The cupcakes are OKAY, but nothing memorable or different.  I have been a few times and tried almost all of them, none stood out.
4	This was the first cupcake gem of Vegas that we found.  I love the designs of the cupcakes and the flavors don't disappoint.  The owner was incredibly nice and the cupcakes themselves were very tasty.Savannah Street was delicious!  Loved the red velvet Lake Tahoe Blvd was good but I didn't like the chocolate ganache.  Probably was due to the fact that it melted a little and got messy.Michigan Ave was delicious too.  Great stuff here.
5	MOST FAVORITE-EST cupcake place EVERRR.I semi-coordinated a cupcake party with some friends while we were in Vegas, and if you can go mid day to a cupcake joint and get a dozen different cupcakes, that means freshness to me. There were 5-6 of us, and we split the price (about $35 for the dozen?) which was cool because we got to try so many without feeling like oober fat kids.I liked em all but the strawberry one the best. And they had doggie cupcakes too. I swear I'll have these things flown in if I could. Darn airline restrictions. No bueno.I come back every time I come to Vegas. It's a must.
2	Cupcakes are a big fad.  But when families are smaller, then an entire cake is entirely too much and a cupcake can be just right.  But because they are smaller, they really have to be exquisite.  These aren't.  It's hard to get pastries right in the dry air of Clark County, but these cakes were drier than they needed to be.  The Savannah Street (Red Velvet) had no chocolate taste, an artificial red color, and an almost sour cream cheese frosting.  The Graceland was the same -- barely a banana flavor in the cupcake or peanut butter in the frosting.  I'll stick to The Cupcakery.
5	I would say that this is (so far) my favorite cupcake bakery. They may be a little pricey, but for some reason I felt like it was worth every penny. The cupcakes themselves are a little on the thick side so despite their diminutive nature, is quite filling. Not that they lasted long enough for me to see, but I can imagine them getting a little dry if kept for more than a day. What really won me over was the cream cheese frosting! It is not too sweet and it is nice and fluffy without leaving any oily residue in your mouth the way some buttercreams will. I will probably never know what their secret is but I would describe it as almost a mixture between cream cheese, marshmallow fluff, and heaven? Would recommend to all my friends who can make it out to Vegas.
4	Of course everyone is different about how they like their cupcakes.Cupcake Lane definitely has a firmer cupcake compared to Mad Hatter. Cupcake Lane has just the right amount of frosting. I've also tried their sugar free cupcakes which are super yummy...doesn't have that awful aftertaste like the diabetic bakery. Compared to Mad Hatter, the Mad Hatter cupcakes have way too much frosting and the cake part is much more like a moist cake. Since I prefer a firmer cupcake, I like the Cupcake Lane ones better. I also like that they come in a clear box that holds each cupcake in individual molds, so they don't move around.
2	It was about 3 yrs. ago since I have tried a cupcake from this place until I found out that they closed their old location and opened up in a new location near my house. So, because they are so close I decided to try them out again - not to mention that their May cupcake of the month excited me "Cherry Limeade" :The new location reminded me of the old location except for their new Lime Green Walls-I love the color green!!! They are right by a gym so I wonder if right after a hard work out someone will cave into temptation & jog over and blow it on a few cupcakes, hell why not?The Cupcakes: Umm, O.K. would be the word. I just don't think they are that standoutish....The Cherry Limeade could have had a stronger cherry and lime taste. The cake was moist but I just wanted more of a bang!!! The Strawberry cupcake was topped with a real strawberry (I like that) and it was O.K....The Canal Street honestly tasted like we bought it from Walmart- it wasn't awful but it wasn't cupcake specialist worthy either. June's flavor is Watermelon so without a doubt I will be back to try this - watermelon cake- yup I've got to try that....FYI: They have added cupcakes for your dogs!!
2	We were in town for a bachelorette party and wanted to have some favorite sweet treats as favors.  We ordered the Savannah Street (red velvet), Pike Place (espresso cake, iced with caramel latte buttercream, and caramel drizzle), Lake Tahoe (think S'mores), and some naughty ones in honor of the occasion.  We looked online and by the looks and sounds of their descriptions, these babies were gonna be deelish.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. I have to give Cupcake Lane a couple stars... Their descriptions and photos on their website sure do look and sound mouthwatering.  Great marketing and presentation. But ultimately, their cupcakes did not pass the taste test.  I've had better gourmet cupcakes elsewhere and sadly even from Costco or any other grocery store bakery. And for almost $3.00 a cupcake, you would expect a lot more from Cupcake Lane.
4	My girlfriend says this is her favorite cupcake place in town, and while I don't exactly agree (there's a pretty awesome one just a stone's throw away), I do subscribe to the fact that their treats are delicious.Definitely a place worth checking out if you want to avoid a sugar overload that you might get from competitors.  The concoctions are simple and tasty, without trying too get too fancy and forget the fact that at the end of the day, its just a cupcake.Fun and inviting space, I can't help but be happy when I find myself at cupcake lane.
4	Favorite in Vegas! Ok, maybe they don't add frosting to the inside or little do-dads on top, but really a good cupcake doesn't need those things. Call me a cupcake traditionalist but ya know, I like the cake and frosting not the toys. The cake is moist (flavorful) and the frosting is delish. Nuff said. Try the Strawberry (yum) with a light whip cream frosting. Devine. Generally there are enough cupcakes left in the afternoons if a mid-day craving hits, but if you're needing a large # I'd call ahead to reserve your favorite. Lots of flavors to choose from which is fun (none of this 2 or 3 only a day). No seating inside, but I won't hold that against the owners. Price seems normal (normal for a Vegas cupcake place).
1	I usually don't enjoy giving places 1 star, but this has been the worst cupcake experience yet.My sister and I went to try these cupcakes. She had a red velvet cupcake, and I had a carrot cake cupcake. Both were topped with a 'cream cheese' frosting. We both experienced a very alarming chemical aftertaste from the frosting. The cupcakes were kept cold, which left the texture and flavor of the cake rather dry.We also picked up a few cupcakes for our parents, a banana cupcake with a 'peanut butter' frosting, and a coffee cupcake with a 'coffee frosting.' The frosting screams vegetable shortening, both in texture, taste and mouthfeel. I would not recommend this place for cupcakes, there are better bakeries in town.
4	This certainly gives the Cupcakery a run for it's money.  I love their selections and variety.  I had the Red Velvet and my partner had the lemon flavored cupcake.  The biggest difference between the two is that I think Cupcake Lane's cupcakes are more substantial.  I like mine moist and airy, but the cupcakes here were moist, substantial, and delicious.  I will go there again to try the different cupcakes.
