4	It's a puzzlement to me as to why this place is called Bacon.When I think of a restaurant called Bacon, I think of bacon all over the walls, bacon for water, bacon ice cubes, cooks and wait staff sweating slabs of bacon and the smell of bacon as thick as concrete... I'm thinking maybe the name "Bacon," is a joke.  It's not Bacon & Co. or The Bacon Restaurant; it's just called Bacon.  One word.  Five fattening letters.  Bacon.  I stopped in out of morbid curiosity.  I never would have seen the place if not for a guy dressed in a pig suit with a sign that said, "Now Open for Breakfast and Lunch," so I finally got around to stopping in to test the waters.  The first thing I noticed is that the interior is pretty comfortable.  I really liked its design.  There were comfy, squishy couches to sit on and a separate counter with a coffee and tea bar.  I ended up getting a sandwich called The Chick.  I can't remember everything that was in it, but it was really, really good.  It had chicken, some red sauce, some sort of stinky italian cheese (might have been parmesan, but I wouldn't testify to that effect).  It was good.The fries it came with were good.  Shit, even the cole slaw was good and I think cole slaw is a slimy, nasty mistake to serve as a side.  Yeah, their cole slaw was kind of fruity and tangy.  I really liked it.The more I think about it, the more I like the fact that this place is called Bacon.  They serve a vegetarian sandwich.  It's sort of like when your friend tells you that their other friend "Chainsaw" is a really cool guy.  You think, His name is Chainsaw?  What the fuck kind of name is that?  But then when you meet Chainsaw, he's a reserved, very intelligent guy who likes the same movies as you.  Bacon.
2	With a name like BACON it better be good! I saw this place a couple weeks ago and thought I'd go give it a try. I liked the inside, it was pretty casual with big comfy denim booths and red checker table cloths. They serve breakfast and lunch, the menu looked good (not that actual menu mind you, it was just a sloppily thrown together piece of photocopied paper). I was hoping for the best. So they don't have diet coke......... I order the BLT+2 fried eggs breakfast sandwich, (see pics) The menu says its served with home fries and baked beans.............. I got no beans. Everything looked wonderful as you can see..... The potatoes were awful and I was bummed, they tasted very very old. Seriously what's your name again BACON? I should be biting into the tastiest most succulent bacon to ever grace the lips of anyone but unfortunately this BACON was the most flavorless lackluster BACON on the planet. The whole sandwich was just so bland, I found myself reaching for the salt shaker and I NEVER put salt on my food. Oh and Please don't put old soggy tomatoes on my sandwich again, Thanks. I hadn't eaten after my workout and a few errands I had to run so I obviously ate the sandwich, not the potatoes though, but I Still cant get over the fact of how it had no flavor.For now I'll have to say 2.5 stars,  like the old saying goes, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.But to be fair I would possibly go again and try something from the lunch menu because honestly this place has tons of potential and room for improvement, I hope they succeed
1	As a big breakfast lover I was pretty excited when I found out there was a new breakfast place opening with a name as great as Bacon. I figured with a name like that it's gotta be good right? I was wrong. Maybe they have the Swine flu.My boyfriend and I went to Bacon last Sunday for breakfast. I ordered the scrambled eggs with (what else) bacon, potatoes and an english muffin. Boyfriend had french toast.It took FOREVER to get our food. At least 2 tables who sat down after us got their food before we did. When we finally did get our food, mine was cold. The eggs were pretty good but the potatoes were cold and blah and the bacon was thin and just okay. If you're gonna call your place Bacon you should have the best bacon ever! Not the case. Matt's Big Breakfast has much better bacon.At the end of our meal one of the employees came over and apologized for our long wait time and presented us with coupons and invited us to come back. I was pleasantly surprised until I looked at the coupons and realized they expired at the end of April, which at the time was 4 days away! Gee, thanks Bacon!I won't be going back.
1	Ok. I was so excited to ride my bike to a new old town breakfast joint. We walked in and I was sooooo excited to try the food. Decor is precious and it is a perfect location for a breakfast spot with plenty of parking for bikes and cars. I just don't think they are going to need much parking in the future....unless they get their act together, this place is going to get a VERY bad reputation.Just like the 1st reviewer said, you don't get a 2nd chance to make a 1st impression. We sat down and it took about 15 minutes to get our drinks. I ordered orange juice and it came in a clear plastic cup with a lid, as if I was not planning on staying for a meal or something. My friends got coffee and had to ask several times for re-fills, as our watiress could not possibly have been less attentive.We placed our food order and were chatting and having fun, but 1 hour goes by-----YES, 1 HOUR-----and we realize we had been forgotten. We were all starving and if 5 more minutes had gone by, I would have walked right out! When we flagged down our waitress, who hadn't checked in with us for 1 hour, she said there are 2-3 tables ahead of us in the kitchen. We start looking around and noticed that people who came in at the same exact time had already eaten and left. Most of my group was willing to wait, since we had already waited an hour. We waited 15 minutes more and our meals come out. I order the "3 eggs". It is supposed to be served with toast and jam, meat, fruit and potatoes. I got 3 runny scrambled eggs, which I didn't eat, no fruit and no jam....The manager Sally came over to apologize, once she had heard about our experience and comped our 6 person table's meals. It was probably the best thing they could have done because I'm pretty sure other patrons were noticing what was happening with our table. It was the right thing to do. Today was apparently the 1st day of table service, which was the excuse for why our meals took so long. I guess they were trying to do the 'pay at the register 1st, then bring your food to the table' thing, but they said that wasn't working. I think this place needs to sit down with some successful restaurant owners and learn that service is just as important as the food. If our waitress had checked in at the 15 or 30 minute mark, we might all have been a little more enthusiastic about this place. Hopefully, the owner of this restaurant knows about yelp and is seeing all these bad reviews roll in. They need to turn things around quickly, if they are going to survive.
2	My girlfriend and I were looking for a place to get some takeout food and coffee to eat by the pool during our weekend in scottsdale and we were referred to Bacon. This turned out to be an unfortunate experience.  Ok, so the place is new and they are just figuring out things, and I can give them a break.  But the way that they handled their obvious lack-of-order was unacceptable.  To begin with,  tt took 20 minutes to get a bagel, and when it came out it was cold-I guess it had been sitting on the counter for some time. Then it took even longer to receive the breakfast burrito that I ordered.  I had asked to substitute tomato for the sausage, which successfully occurred but they charged me for the substitution (does a slice of tomato really cost more than sausage?).  When I complained about this happening, the hostess, instead of apologizing and making an effort to accomodate me, became defensive and told me that "they weren't trying to ruin my day".  Can someone teach these people the meaning of "customer service"?
3	It is quite possible that the Proprietors have seen the reviews because my experience was significantly better than those described before me.  We actually ventured out on Mother's Day, expecting the worst, and were generally pleased.We were seated immediately.  I was a little turned off by the decor (which I know does not a restaurant make, but hey, I am allowed my opinion).  I said to those who were with me, "It reminds me of a modern Cracker Barrel," if you can imagine that.  I was further puzzled by the three televisions...I know many people cannot live without television, but I am not one of them.  Breakfast and sports news aren't my thing.Anyway, we were all pleased with the food.  I will say that I was offended that the food was not all brought to the table at once.  The minute or more I had to wait for my entree after the others were already served seemed like a lifetime!What I was impressed with was that 1) the Manager/Owner/Proprietor came to the table to ask about the food and the service, and 2) the waitress offered me another juice and then offered to give it to me in a glass to go (no additional charge).They are new and likely making adjustments on a daily basis, so I'll give it another shot.
1	I'm sorry I missed these reviews before we visited Bacon. I obviously did not look very well, unfortunately for us. Our original plan was to go to the Breakfast Club down the street but they had an extremely long line that snaked outside. I wish I would have waited. I would have waited the same amount of time and got a better meal out of the whole experience. My husband and I were having a weekend away and Bacon was seriously the only flaw to the whole weekend.We walked down to Bacon after we saw the line at Breakfast Club and proceeded to wait to even put our name on the list while a guy customer flirted with the hostess. Another hostess (maybe part owner) walked by us and didn't even say anything). We finally put our name down after they told us it would be a wait of 5-10 minutes. We ended up waiting another 15 minutes in line to sit down, all the while there were at LEAST 6 empty tables. They proceeded to seat a part of 10 that had reservation even though half the party wasn't there. I'm not in the restaurant business but even to me it was obvious how much space they were wasting where they could be seating customers and have more tables. We were finally seated in one of the booths that was empty when we first arrived. The owner/hostess seated us and told us she would let our waiter know that we were there and also let us know there was a party of 27 that was causing a bit of slow service. I think we knew then this wouldn't turn out good. The owner/hostess realized the waiter never got our drink orders and finally got us some juice. Our waiter finally arrived and seemed to be half there. My husband asked for French toast and he said they were out of it. Seriously? You're out of bread, milk and eggs and cinamon to make it? I think the owner/hostess could tell we were uhappy and tried to make some small talk. She asked us what we ordered and we told her. She told us it was her favorite! We waited, waited, and waited some more. I finished my juice which the waiter noticed and said he would get me some more. About 20 minutes later I finally received it. We watched as people who came after us received their meals and people who came before us still waiting. The table behind us no one even came to take their orders by the time we got our food! Word to the wise - if you DO decide to try it out try and get served by the bar area. They seemed to get their food right away.We were seriously to the point of leaving when our food FINALLY arrived. I had to remind the waiter about the fruit, my eggs were runny, he potatoes were blah and my husbands pancakes were burnt. The bacon was blah. Definitely not something from I expected from a place called bacon. The only edible items were the toast and the fruit. The owner/hostess stopped by our table and asked how everything was. We pointed out the burnt pancakes and my eggs, and she proceeded to tell us she would get us some coupons as she walked away. We told her not to bother since we wouldn't be coming back. The waiter came over and said the meal was comped and the hostess/owner didn't even have the mind to come and deal with us anymore.It's a shame. This place could be AWESOME if they had the right management, wait staff and cooks and decent bacon! It definitely needs a Kitchen Nightmares episode done on it. It's obvious to me that they're disorganized, ineffecient, and just don't know what to do! I wish we had just waited at the Breakfast Club.
4	I'm with Karri - I think that perhaps the proprietors have seen the reviews because I had an A-OK experience at Bacon this morning... or perhaps it's just that they had a very slow beginning?!Either way, I was so impressed!I left the gym and checked my phone to see a missed call and a text from Jared.  Here's what the text said (typos and all):"Headed to the bacon joint for quik brekfast its 10:20 right now..."So I called him and put in my order - something healthy please!I arrived ten minutes later to see Jared sitting at the bar of this pretty nice looking place.  Maryanna, the bartender/server took my order for iced tea and iced water and literally a few minutes later, I had my drinks and a beautiful egg white omelet with broccoli and mushrooms alongside a cottage cheese salsa and fresh fruit.  (FYI - this dish is called "the yogi" on the menu).  Although Jared had previously ordered me toast to go with it, I saw that they had whole wheat wraps and Maryanna promptly changed my order.  It was the perfect breakfast after a workout!Jared had the whole wheat pancakes with blueberry sauce and whipped cream and while I didn't taste them, they smelled amazing.  He must've enjoyed them because he 'almost' cleaned his plate!I was pleased to see that Bacon also makes a fruit, granola, and yogurt parfait and protein shakes with real fruit and protein.  They have a pretty huge coffee and tea menu as well as booze including "the bacon mary," mimosas, sunrise martinis, and more... In addition, they are green friendly!  That's right - they use biodegradable cups for to-go drink orders!Oh - and in addition, they serve some pretty yummy sounding lunch offerings from 11am - 3pm as well.Maryanna told me they did have a slow start with service, etc... but I think they are back on track now.  If you haven't been, go check it out.  And if you have been, give 'em another shot.  Tell Maryanna I say hi!  Maybe I'll even see you there as I plan on returning again real soon too!
4	Grilled Cheese was EXCELLENT!!!  Of course there was a MOUND of bacon on the grilled cheese!  My wife got some veggie thing (as usual) and liked it as well.  The manager walked around the restaurant so I told him about Yelp and his reviews.  He said that he has only been there for a couple weeks now and has cleaned house.  He was really upset to see the bad reviews and invites people back to try it again.  Next time we are in the area, we will be sure to go there for brunch again!
4	Sadly, I had to put my handsome son Zachary and his lovely wife Sarah on a plane back to San Jose...the visit was done...they needed to get back to their real life and quit hanging out with the old man.But, before they boarded the Greyhound Bus of the skies, they needed a hearty breakfast to tide them over for their arduous journey!Bacon lay right in the flight path:)It wasn't exactly on a direct line between the Valley Ho and Sky Harbor, but I didn't let that deter me from getting my kids a decent meal before their flight!And it was a decent meal...more than decent...it was pretty good:)I know Bacon opened recently and that they had some early "teething" problems (why do we call it teething problems?...the restaurant is not a "baby" and will not actually grow anything with enamel on it...it just doesn't make sense to me:)Zach and Sarah each got versions of bacon and eggs (I guess the breakfast meat nomenclature was too much for them to overcome:)I had sausage and eggs with the home fries...did you know that they toss their home fries in brown gravy before they serve them? I did not know that until the plate arrived, but the gravy earns them a "kudos"  (and an extra star:) from me...Gravy makes everything better, including breakfast:)The service was very good...I know, I know...it was 10:00 am on Wednesday morning and the place only had 6-7 customers, but Blake (our server) was friendly and attentive and helped Sarah get her order exactly correct.The portions are very large (not "Claim Jumper" huge, but more than I could eat for breakfast). Three big eggs, three large sausages, four thick pieces of wheat toast, a big pile of gravied home fries and a fruit cup...for under $9.00:)A good value, a good time and a good meal...maybe Bacon's teeth have grown in:)
4	We were looking for a place to grab brunch last Sunday morning in Old Town, and stumbled on this place. "Bacon"?I said "Oh that's not a restaurant, it's some sort of upscale massage parlor with a funky name", but she made me stop.I LOVE the way that this place feels inside-Jospeh Eichler would approve. And so do I!! It's a low-slung midcentury modern interior mixed with some tasteful homespun artifacts to remind you that you are there for comfort food.The coffee is great- the food is well, "OK", but honestly, the place feels so nice and relaxing and the staff is so cool that I think it makes you want to party- IN THE MORNING!I saw as many people drinking Mimosas and Bloody Mary's as I did eating!This will be a great place to bring out-of-town guests, but If the kitchen ever catches up with the ambience you won't be able to get a seat there on the weekend.
4	Woke up this morning....Ron's Birthday today so I suggested we go out to breakfast around 10am. We were going to go to one of our old standbys and then I remembered we wanted to try Bacon sometime. We got there and all of the sliding door/windows were open and the misters going. aaahhhh Scottsdale in the early summer. We were seated right away. Took a bit of time for our waiter to notice we were there, but he was very attentive once he came over to our table. I ordered the breakfast sandwich (cant remember the unusual name) that was scrambled eggs on and English muffin with Canadian bacon and Gruyere cheese. HEAVEN!!! if you love stinky cheese like I do. The side of potato's were done to perfection with fresh herbs sprinkled on top. There was also a side of beans that I though were unimaginative. Overall the food was yummy and the atmosphere and service very good. A definite new one on our list of breakfast places in Old Town.
4	If you want to get someplace on time and you want me to find it you need to allow for some getting lost time.  GPS was invented for guys like me and I don't happen to own one.  In addition to finding this place I had been asked to find another place as well for future reference.  So after 3 trips around Scottsdale Mall (which really needs one of those map thingies) I found the first place and off I went on foot for Bacon.  Using Google I had picked out exactly where the building should be and walked right past it and by the time I crossed the bridge I was getting worried.  So I went a ways down 5th and still didn't see it so I headed back the way I came knowing I had a couple of other options for breakfast.  The sign over the door is much easier to spot heading south.Bacon shares an address with Devils Martini and in fact may be dual usage of the same space.  I know there were Devils Martini placards on the tables.  If they do share the same space it would explain why it looks more like a bar/lounge inside than a coffee shop.  In any event I walked past it the first time without looking close because the building and parking signs I saw first said Devils Martini.  I didn't think to ask the question so maybe somebody will fill this West Valley person in with the answer.  In any event the easiest way to find it is to look for Vidal Sasoon and Bacon is across the street.I was greeted quickly walking in the door and I took a high top with a view out the window.  The person who seated me got my orange juice and soon Tori, my server, came to take my order.  I ordered the first thing I saw that included gravy and potatos.  I think it was called the Big Pig ($9.50, I could be wrong on the name) and when it came that is sure what I felt like (see picture).  3 eggs, 3 bacon, 3 sausages, ham, potatoes with gravy, baked beans with more bacon, fruit cup and a large English muffin.  More like a breakfast for 2 and if I had had a phone number for somebody I saw shortly afterward I would have offered.  In total volume I managed to finish off about 3/4 of it.Food.  I had no problems with the quality of any of it.  Overall it was very good.  The orange juice was about 1/2 ice cubes which was fine at the start but very watered down tasting by the end of the meal.  Subjective to my taste buds the German style sausages did not deliver, I thought they were too fatty/liquidy and lacked any real flavor.Service.  Tori waited on me hand and foot without being intrusive.  I did not have my camera with me and she showed me how to make the one in my phone work.  Looking around all the customers seemed pleased to be there.  One of the nice things about eating in the first wave before the crowds arrive is nobody has had a chance to ruin the servers day so everybody is pleasant.
2	Waitress warned us when we got here that two tables had already bailed after waiting an hour + for food... ...So an hour + later we got our food, and the check comped by the manager... seems they have some issues in the kitchen and with communication. First they claim they lost our order, and then brought the wrong food - 3rd time was a charm though.The food is good and the menu is refreshing for a breakfast place. For Scottsdale's sake I hope they get it together.
4	My pregnant wife (The Vessel) demands pancakes on Sundays and after each Dr visit. She seems to be booking a lot of Dr visits.As usual, Original Pancake House (OPH) was f'ing packed. Too hot to wait outside. We've driven/biked past Bacon a few 100 times since we live close by and kept meaning to try it. Unlike most times we try someplace new, we decided to forego Yelp first and not pre-taint our experience. With a name like Bacon, we knew the reviews would be polarized, regardless of what the place was like.AMBIANCEIt's late June and summer has finally kicked in with a vengeance. A little freaked out that 2 of the 4 walls were opened to the outside, when it was hot as balls. But once inside, instantly charmed. It's like you're transported to a little breakfast joint in Sonoma. Comfy, clean, spacious, modern, homey, welcoming... unexpected in Old Town. Looked like some money was put into it; yet retained a one-off feel, as opposed to a corporate smell. Lots of real wood, chalkboard paint, galvanized metal and food service sized cans on display. I hope the AC bill doesn't put them out of business.SERVICEThe young staff was attentive, friendly and timely. They engaged as much as you cared too, but weren't heavily scripted. Not completely relaxed and smooth like only years of food life can bring, but competent.FOODEggs Benedict is my benchmark for my first time at any breakfast place. Although the menu had tons of things I look forward to exploring, I had to benchmark it. Apparently they were out of canadian bacon, so they subbed a delicious slab of grilled country ham. The scale was a bit off, heavy on the ham side, but it was fantastic breakfast ham and the Benedict was excellent. You could actually taste the English Muffin and it was perfectly toasted. Great, from scratch Hollandaise, not too tart or salty.The Vessel's French Toast was excellent too. Warm blueberry sauce was the clincher. And the side of bacon was perfect, meaty and balanced between sweet and salty. Definitely cooked to order in our case it wasn't dried out.The home fries were unlike anything I've had for breakfast. Almost like oven-roasted potatoes you'd get with a pork roast. Loved em.BOTTOM LINENow after reading the previous reviews, it seems as if the appropriate asses were kicked or replaced. Everything was competent at a minimum, and mostly excellent. Great to welcome a cool, fresh, inviting breakfast joint to Old Town, since OPH is obscenely busy whenever we want to go, Breakfast Club is obscenely mediocre now and the other alternatives are either corporate or suck.Looking forward to exploring the menu. And since they have a full bar that can take advantage of how the place opens up, they are going to be open at night once the weather gets nicer.  Yay, drunk biking.Thanks Bacon! Thanks for transporting us outside of nuclear hot summertime Scottsdale. Until Cafe Monarch reopens in the Fall, you might just be our sole go-to breakfast spot in Scottsdale :-D
4	After driving by it on a daily basis to and from work I decided to give it a try. After all a place named Bacon has got to be a good spot right? The atmosphere was great, very comfortable for the morning. They have a full espresso bar as well to help jumpstart the mornings. A simple menu but some good offerings. I went with the protein pancakes (which I'm a big fan of in general) and they were awesome. They came with warm blueberries and whipped cream on the side but no need for any of that, as the maple syrup did enough. I will definitely be coming back to see and if I can try something other than the pancakes.
5	What a great brunch/lunch place.  The decor was great...The breakfast burrito was excellent, and the servers went above and beyond to satisfy the overly particular freak I was eating with.  I am definitely going back again, without the freak.  If I owned a restaurant/bar establishment, I would hire these two young ladies away from Bacon, in a heartbeat.
4	Poutine...a single word that can convey so much meaning!If you are a Canadian, the words and melody from "O Canada" begin to ring in your ears, as your chest swells with pride and you think, of all the Canadian exports...Gretzky, Oil...Pamela Anderson...this is the best:)If you are cardiac surgeon, you smile as contemplate your next Porsche, purchased with the fees received for the double, triple and quadruple bypass operations you will be able to perform on Poutine lovers:)If you are the folks at Bacon, you apparently think "what can we add to this to make it even "healthier":-)The Beautiful Carin and I took our lovely daughter, Whitney, to Bacon for breakfast this morning.Neither had been there and this was good chance for them to give it a try:)They had the "Yogi"...not named for the bear and the Yogi does not include a "pic-a-nic basket":)The Yogi is an incredibly healthy vegi and egg white omelet, that they both professed to really love:)Carin says this place stays in the rotation, so I know she was happy:)And when Carin is happy, I am happy:)I was almost transformed into a semi-vegetarian just by my proximity to their breakfast entrees!Fortunately, I saw "The Hangover" on the menu and I was saved:)The Hangover has a base of Poutine (french fries and popcorn cheese, covered in gravy:)...so bad, yet sooooo good:)What they do then is magical...they throw ham and bacon on top of the poutine and then slide 3 over easy eggs on top of that:-)I don't know who the genius was, that invented this little breakfast miracle, but I want to shake his or her hand before I have my coronary:)Sunday morning...no wait...great service today and everything was tasty and fresh!Tell me again why there's line at Breakfast Club?
4	This place is good to go, went there on a sunny saturday morning, following battling DB's at American Junkie. Had there big breakfast (forgot what it was called), and had a cup of joe and people watched. The food was awesome and the wonderful ladies of Scottsdale are entertaining, it's saturday morning and ladies are rollin in this place like it's a fashion show, to top it off one lady had to reapply her mascara a few times to make sure she was breakfast chic!! Awesome!!
2	The South Scottsdale area is sadly void of decent breakfast options. There are a few who do nice job, but not enough to keep the rotation fresh. I was greatly hoping that BACON would add another much needed breakfast boit to my mix. Sadly, after 3 tries that just isn't the case. I will try to avoid snarkyness, but this place misses on way too many points. Beginning with decor, the denim booth covers are certainly a matter of taste, not mine, but enough of my friends think that it is cute and unique that I will have to forgoe critcism. The open airy layout seems to just miss, and as with many new concepts there seems to be an identity crisis. Restaurant? Coffee shop? The place is cute enough to forgive a little confusion if redemption could be found in the food and service. First major problem, 2 of my 3 visits, the place named Bacon had no candadian bacon ????? The food in general is bland and uninviting, highlited by breakfast potatos that have a strange glaze or gravy that I do not quite understand. Lastly the service, its ok - probably 3 stars for pleasant, but back down to 2 for performance, Twice I had to get up for silverware before I could begin eating, and things do seem to take a while. I promised I would not be snarky so I am leaving out critical details. Trust me or not, a great many faux pas are a regular part of the dining experience. Bacon is the type of place I really want to do well, both for selfish and altruistic reasons, but I don't see this place having the core to climb out of these early snafus to be a decent place. It has been open long enough to make have made some strides by now. I will keep rooting for them from afar.
3	2nd chance today... Things are getting better at Bacon. There was no wait on a Monday at 10am. The food was served promptly and well cooked. They have recently added MUCH needed booths and I love em!It did however require pulling teeth to get our check and get out of here...Keep working on it guys!
3	eh....this is one of those hit or miss places.  The food is decent.  I've ordered the eggs in a basket (or hole) and it is served in yummy challah bread however they over cooked the eggs so it was really dry.  They ran out of Gruyere cheese so they couldn't make my boyfriends item, it's one of their most popular items......how do you run out of cheese????  Send someone to the grocery store, seriously!  It never fails EVERY time we go  we get the same horrible waitress!  It has now become a joke between us, you can't help but laugh it off and wonder what she's gonna forget this time.  They have an item called the "hangover" and it looks huge like it could feed a family of four some say its good.....I don't know haven't tried it yet.  Everyone there is friendly, but it seems like they are still trying to get it together.  I'll probably give them one more try before they are "black listed"
4	Bacon makes everything better. I know vegetarians who long for thick, salty slab of bacon. Crumbled on salads. Nestled between smoked turkey and baby Swiss. In potato salad. Reveered pastry chef Tracy Dempsey is famous for her bacon brittle. Yep. Even in candy. Bacon! Rejoice! So, needless to say I was excited to eat at Bacon. When we arrived I was loving the open, airy room with a bar straight ahead and lots of table options from booths to high tops. The doors were open and a lovely breeze entertained the room. But I got that vibe. Like we just arrived after some crazy ass rush. And I was correct. We waited a bit for our server to arrive, busied ourselves with a New York Times (for me) and a March issue of W Magazine (for Rickie...go figure!). We overheard a couple at the bar mention they'd been waiting 45 minutes for their food. UGH! I was ready to gnaw on the table I was so hungry. Well, we placed our order and received it within 15 minutes. And. It. Was delicious! Eggs Benedict (for me) and the Mr. Big (for Rickie...go figure!) did not disappoint. In lieu of Canadian bacon, I had a thick slab of ham...a little too much for the dish...but no major complaint. Everyone from the hostess, the GM and the bartenders and servers were very friendly. Though I felt for them, as brunch is THE hardest shift in the business. I always equated brunch (at least when I lived in West Hollywood) as hungover guests being served by hungover waiters. Dicey vibe baby. Can't wait to return to Bacon. Hoping, however, they up the OJ from a Sunny D like product to freshly squeezed.
3	I met a girlfriend for brunch on Saturday morning at Bacon. The restaurant is open and airy inside with a cute little bar. I sat at the bar since almost every table was occupied when I arrived around 11 am. The bartender, Mary Ann, was such a sweetheart and we chatted quite a bit while I waited on my friend.My friend and I both had a mimosa (seriously it's not brunch without one!) which was almost $9 each. Now granted you do get a little bottle Korbel so basically you are getting two mimosas for the price of 1, but with other Valley restaurants offering $1-3 mimosas at brunch, I thought Bacon was overpriced. It took us some time to decide what to eat since there were so many delicious sounding choices on the menu. My friend decided on the three egg breakfast, while I decided to try the breakfast burrito. I wish the food had lived up to how delicious it sounded on the menu. My burrito was average and I wish the bacon in the burrito had been cooked a bit more, but the real killer was the potatoes. I love breakfast potatoes, but these were a real dud. They weren't even cooked all the way and were too greasy for my taste.For our two mimosas and two entrees, our bill came to $35. For the price, I was just not impressed with the quality. While I will give Bacon a second try, I will not be racing back since there are better brunch options in the Valley.
1	Blah... Friends and I decided to visit Bacon for some grub at 2am after drinking and dancing at Devil's. It wasn't busy, we were sat and brought waters expeditiously. Water was the best thing we had here though... Like other posts, we found the menu enticing and lots of items grabbed the attention of our stomachs, but nothing we ordered really delivered. In true 2am fashion, i ordered nachos ($9)... They came with BAKED beans on them! Seriously?! I like baked beans, but they have no place on nachos. It was like some strange hillbilly version of nachos... Not very good. They were lacking in cheese (a staple to good nachos) and there was icky iceberg lettuce getting all soggy on them.  A girlfriend had a breakfast burrito which she described as having almost no taste. And the 2 others with us had egg breakfasts that were sub-par.The server was nice and accomodating, but we agreed that we would have to be pretty desperate to eat here again any time soon.Sorry Bacon. Not this time.
2	Unfortunately, I won't be going back here, nor will I recommend to my friends and family.Slow, but friendly service, and the food was just ok.Sorry Bacon, I really wanted to like you...
3	The food was very tasty. Conventional breakfast fare with a twist.  The gravy dipping sauce for the potatoes was a simple and welcomed fun touch. My breakfast sandwich was yummy and the breakfast burrito looked really good.  My only issue was with the wait for food. The server seemed to have too many tables and management did not appear to notice that the ticket times were far too long. I heard the chef yell to get the food out... A manager should have been there expediting. Having said that, I would still go back.
4	I first heard about Bacon through Yelp but kind of forgot about it after my first exclamation of, "This place sound great! I'm definitely going to brunch it up here." Then when I was driving around Scottsdale we went right past it and my excitement to give it a shot returned with avengence. I don't live in Scottsdale but am there frequently, and I am glad that the trend of brunch restaurants is catching on. We went on a Sunday around 10:30 a.m. and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. The place is really open with lots of sky lights and floor-to-ceiling windows that open up in the front of the restaurant. We were seated in the back corner but still got lots of natural light and felt part of the patron community. Unfortunately, we were seated next to a table of six people who were very loud/drunk and were there to party and watch football...which is weird. I split one of the protein whole wheat pancakes as an appetizer and it ended up being my favorite part of the meal, it was sweet and filling. Then I went with the mexican omelet (egg whites with pico de gallo, avocado, cheese, salsa) which was huge and I could only eat half. You could tell it was just whipped up and had all super fresh ingredients. It came with fruit (that was mostly finely chopped melon, aka filler fruit) and very yummy toast with blackberry jam. The owner's family was sitting right behind us and it was nice to see how he interacted with them, and how they interacted with the staff...like one big happy family. He was walking around the restaurant the entire time, helping out where needed and talking to customers, which is something that I really appreciate. He also stopped by and gave us a sample of the best apple fritter I've ever tasted yet they do not have on the menu...which was random but most welcomed.
2	I've given this place 3 trys. Bacon struck out 3 times. You know what they say...its 3 strikes and yoouuuurrree out!!! Every time the kitchen is SUPER slow and every time, something was wrong with the order. One late Sunday, we (2 ppl) waited 45 minutes for our food. The restaurant was NOT even busy at this hour. I was starving!! Wait! On top of that, the servers suck!!! Two out of my three experiences included sucky service! They don't know the menu, they forget stuff, get the order wrong, neglect you....etc....To make it worse, the food simply isn't all that great and definitely not creative. You know those places where the food is so damn good (IE Breakfast Club) that the long wait is worth it? Or an overwhelmed server is forgiven? Yeah! But not the case here. They really need to step up their game. Especially in this economy! OMG! I almost forgot to mention their incredibly overpriced alcoholic beverages!! The location is great. Has a ton of potential ONLY if they revamp the service and the food.
5	If Bacon was in Santa Fe, I would eat there at least once a week. Our waiter was a little bit flighty, but he looked like eye candy to one of the people at our table, so that was forgiven. The food blew us all away. Thick slices of ham, perfect potatoes, homemade English muffins, and thick slabs of toasted bread rounded out every order, and that doesn't even include the entrees!The restaurant space itself was open and inviting, the patrons were cooler than cool, and even my 97 year-old grandmother sang praise on the restaurant days later...Highly, highly, highly recommended!
3	I have been here 2 times in the last few weeks....1st time it was very good...2nd time I think I caught the end of breakfast and got some heat lamp food.....I think 3 stars is a happy medium
5	This place is dangerous! I went here last Sunday for a late brunch with my bff. We had gone out drinking the night before so we were ready for a feast! And feast we did!This place is so cute! Well planned, very spacious and I loved that they had tvs playing football, nice touch! It was pretty quiet, just recovering from a busy morning and therefore no wait. It took a few mins for the waitress to come by, but once she did everything from that point was great service, even to the point of a little entertainment (i.e. Singing to the music after sucking on helium, too funny)I decided on ordering The Hangover, I will be honest I wasn't sure what I was getting, but once I got it I was sold! A pile of French fries, with strips of bacon and cheese curds completely smothered in yummy brown gravy with 3 fried eggs on top! Oh MY!  It was so decadent and tasty that I didn't even pay attention to what my friend ordered!The bacon, must be mentioned as it is the name sake, is A-Mazing!! I am really picky about my bacon, and hate the fat, especially when you can tell it is fat...this bacon however was meaty and flavorful, and I made sure none was left behind.If you are looking for a great place for brunch or a late breakfast, I highly recommend Bacon! Yummo!
4	unlike my partner in crime Sara V. I'm gonna refrain from giving Bacon a complete five star. Last Sunday after a fun night out, I had mentioned to Sara V. that we meet up for brunch the next day, something that we ought to do more of since there are quite a large number of breakfast establishments in metro Phoenix. The original plan was to meet for brunch at Arcadia farms but I had woken up late from my slightly drunken stupor... so brunch became early lunch... we had breakfast so therefore was still brunch... so as a last minute change of plans of which I am infamous of doing, I changed the venue to Bacon. I've been reading reviews on the place both here on Yelp and the Phoenix New Times and it's one of the places I've listed on my list as a potential must try. So we met at Bacon and I was running late as usual... and after being told by Sara that it was directly behind Devil's South, which she did not kid... you'll miss it but it's right behind Devil's across from Vidal Sassoon on Goldwater. I loved the fact that I could park my car and sneak through the open windows into the restaurant... it's awesome! The layout is quite spacious... love the booths as well as the picture perfect white kitchen table. It's so open and airy and the tables are not bunched up together at all. Upon sitting, I was greeted by our server, Jessica who was a breath of fresh air. She was pleasant, and totally helpful... loved her! She totally understood the coffee with lots of cream or how she described as a cup of cream with a smidgen of coffee hehehe. I ordered, The Canuck, which is an english muffin sandwich with melted gruyere cheese, canadian bacon, and a scrambled egg. Think of it as glorified egg mcmuffin but way better. We also ordered a half order of the French Toast with the raspberry jam. The sandwich was delicious... loved the Canadian bacon... could care less for the english muffin but the gruyere cheese was yum! Loved it! As for the French Toast, I was disappointed it... was not too sweet but it was quite average. My coffee was so good that usually when I'm out somewhere having breakfast I usually only go for two cups but i had at least 3 cups, and a cup to go. So my overall experience was that I enjoyed what I ordered minus the french toast therefore losing a star to make it five. And I agree with Sara V that it's one of the breakfast places to come back to... Arcadia Farms you're next!
2	Rookie place. If you don't care about decor go to US Egg around the corner. Better service, food and coffee. Bacon took 25 mins to cook bad pancakes and serve cold coffee by a very annoying waitress.
3	5 stars for the service we received at the table, but my overall experience was neither terrible or spectacular. Middle of the road describes it well.+'s: Accomodated a large party of 15 (Actually 12 showed up, but they took on the challenge). Even at the end of the meal they let us decide whether to do separate checks, etc. which was a NICE touch!Really generous with refills even on the departing end. "Would you like a tea to go?" Our waitress asked. Crazy! But I almost always drink water, so that would seem silly. Tap to go!?If you've got kids, they've got a play area to occupy them.-'s: With a name like bacon, you'd think they'd HAVE to get it right... and that right would have to be every customers style of bacon right. If you like your bacon crispy, this is not the place. Their bacon is the thick cut style and is a bit more thick and gnawy like jerky. I appreciate this style of bacon, but I like mine crispy overall.Be wary of prices for items, most are $6-7, but an interesting thing a friend and I noted was that 3 eggs any style = $8ish with no sides and then you could get a combo with Eggs, choice of meat and home fries for the same price? Strange, no? Must be some order! Maybe I should try it sometime... Sunny side up without the sun... basically a fried egg white and NOT the kind out of the carton! Cracked and separated and dropped into a frying pan--my fave that not very many breakfast places are willing to accommodate.NO BELGIAN WAFFLES! I know this place isn't called Waffle, but it specializes in breakfast, so shouldn't it have all the cakes we associate with breakfast places? I'm not asking for doughnuts, but if you serve French toast and Pancakes, you should have a Belgian Waffle option as well.The last minus goes out to all breakfast/brunch places: Why can't you do a 4part breakfast--I want it all: Eggs, Meat, Cake and Fries? Why must I choose and order ala carte... and then when I do,  it's too much food!  (ie. 8 pieces of bacon, a mountain of Hash Brown, a Pile of Pancakes)... and why is it that Belgian Waffles always come solo... without a Savory strip of bacon to keep it company? Why?
5	This weekend we went to brunch at Bacon.  I was extremely excited to hear there was a restaurant that was named after one of my favorite foods.   Wonderful place, great staff and the atmosphere was open, clean and comfortable.  We even had a great view of Camelback Mountain.   Our waiter was extremely attentive and checked on us often.  A sign of a good waiter in my opinion.  Watching what I am eating for the moment, I decided to get the Jerk Chicken Salad and it was pretty flavorful.    Others at our table tried different things and they all looked great.  I did manage to snag a little piece of bacon from my partners plate. ;)Ambiance / Decor: BDrinks: A ( I had coffee)Food: AService: A+I totally recommend.  The nice thing was it wasn't packed and it had an affordable menu.   Check it out!
5	I'm in love. Bacon you have my heart and my stomach. After all- where else does everything come with one of my favorite foods attached to it? Even my Bloody Mary had a slice of crisp bacon in it along with a celery spear, olives and onions. Probably one of the best Bloody Mary's I have had in awhile. The location is a little off the beaten path which is why, I think, people are lined up to get in the Breakfast Club a couple of blocks away for mediocre food, and here at Bacon- the food and service is better and there was no line on the Sunday I was there. I was seated in what they call "the nook" located on the side where I had full view of the restaurant. The menu was well organized and entrees come with toast and breakfast potatoes and your choice of a side of bacon or ham. You can also substitute fresh tomatoes if that is your wish. The food came up quickly and was delicious! My ham and cheese omelet was perfectly done (all melted cheese and ham inside and firm eggs on the outside) and the side of bacon was crisp and tasty. Given the size, this easily was a 4 egg omelet. Breakfast with drinks ran about $20 which was cheap for all the food I got. But I would be remiss if I didn't talk about what really blew me away about this place. It's the fantastic service! Everyone seems to be part of a larger team. I was greeted by one person, seated by another and had at least three servers taking care of me. And countless people stopped by to ask how things were, if I needed more water for my tea, or if I wanted more preserves for my toast. It was unbelievable! While they have been open for 9 months- they had the staff of a place that has been open much longer. The ambiance is contemporary but is warmed up by the blue booths, checkered table cloths, and some mismatched dining tables in the center that can be expanded for larger groups. There are also antique food cases lining the walls filled with tins of chocolate, and other food "cues". I also liked that they have those "roll up" doors on the one side that bring the outdoors in and seats outside on those perfect days. If I lived in Scottsdale- this would be my "go to" brunch place. What I don't get is why people are waiting in line at a place around the corner that left me a little cold. C'mon people. If you haven't checked Bacon out- you should. After all- what's not to like about, Bacon?
4	I had a really great experience at this resturant.  the food was great.  the bacon thing was not overpowering, and really the best bloody mary ive had in a long time....including bacon.  the resturant also looks really good.
2	Our first meal in Scottsdale was at Bacon--and interestingly enough bacon seemed to become the theme of our entire trip. Bacon chocolate chip cookies, bacon brittle, bacon-infused vodka, and bacon Bloody Mary's? They're all available somewhere in Scottsdale, but you can find the famous Bacon Bloody Mary here at Bacon.This is a cool space for a breakfast spot, with indoor-outdoor seating and lots of light. Our server, who seemed to be a bit overworked since he was the only waiter, was very friendly and welcoming. We ended up ordering one of their special bacon eggs Benedict with a Mornay sauce to share, plus a side of fruit, and the main reason we'd come here: the Bacon Bloody Mary.While my sweetie was in the restroom, his Bacon Bloody Mary arrived. It looked great, even though Bloody Mary's are not my thing, with a nice stalk of celery and some pimento-stuffed olives. But something seemed to be missing. Hmm, what could it be? Well, unless the bacon had been blended up along with the other ingredients, it was the BACON that was missing in the BACON Bloody Mary! Bacon FAIL!We mentioned this to our server when he brought our food and he was properly dumbfounded and apologetic--yet he never brought a slice of bacon to garnish the drink, nor did he offer us another Bloody Mary. Huh?He redeemed himself, however, when he brought us a quarter of a fresh pineapple studded with fresh strawberries that we hadn't ordered. He explained that when he'd seen the pitiful 1/4 cup of barely-ripe cantaloupe the chef had put on the pass, he'd said he couldn't serve just that to us.I'd be willing to try Bacon again when I'm in town next, especially since they included a $5 off coupon with our check, but neither the food nor the service stood out on this visit.
1	We just had our worst experience ever today. Our large family group decided to try this new restaurant for brunch. After ordering, it took an hour and a half to get our food. Even then, the food came out a few dishes at a time with about 10-15 minutes in between serving! Awkward when half the table has food and the other doesn't!  The bread on toasted sandwiches was burnt, the potatoes were undercooked, and one meal wasn't even the "Special" the person ordered because "they ran out!"  The wait staff and even the manager had nothing but excuses and blamed the kitchen staff. This establishment is very poorly managed to say the least. I would not recommend this eatery to ANYONE.
1	Went to bacon for breakfast on 02/28 and man I should have stayed in bed. This place has no business being open, why? Because of the following: 1) this is just another "trendy" restaurant  that is run by people who want to make money...and NOT provide go food and service that exceeds the customers expectations. 2) incompetent management and waitstaff who where not full of smiles but rather full of excuses as to why our damn food had not arrived in an hour after waiting a half an hour for a table.  3) if you think that the food here is worth waiting for...then you are glutten for punishment.  Denny's is better than bacon. I mean when I looked at my food as it arrived an hour later... My first thought was man I wish I was going through McDonald's drive thru for a sausage mcmuffin it made my mouth water. Instead, I had to deal with what was thrown on my hurried plate a few cold eggs with bone dry bacon and where was the damn toast I ordered!!!!! I mean this is not a free meal !!!! (though it should be) because it was free of any taste, imagination, or flavor.  4) instead of taking responsibility for their mismanagement the managers and servers think that customers want to hear excuses like "we didn't expect it to be this busy" or "the kitchen is a bit overwhelmed" WHAT!! That is YOUR problem BACON!!!  Paying customers just want to have their food as promised. If you can't deliver on that then get the he'll out of the restaurant business.  Food is not a child's game....you can't screw with peoples appetites and then be flippant about it and not expect us to respond with an ear full.  I could go on and on, however, anyone considering this place at anytime be warned read these reviews, I wish that I had and I would not have gone to this faux eatery which is a step below Cracker Barrel.  Bacon owners if you read this my gut and eyes tell me that your Restaurant is on borrowed time and won't last another six months. Once people are onto your business model which is poor service and tasteless food at a kings ransom in this economy...the only thing in Bacon's future is foreclosure where it belongs. My hope and desire is that when you people shut done your empty Restaurant and are left standing and scratching your heads....that you will take a moment to reflect on your service failure and then watch how McDonald's who will by now have taken over your location gets food out in a timely manner.   Bacon your days are numbered and you cook staff sucks...college kids with tat's and piercings....not in my food and certainly not on my dollar. Take a pass on this place truly not worth it they specialize in bad food and bad excuses and not much else.  Zero stars would be generous here.
1	Bacon is a total waste of time and money.  I went there this past Sunday for brunch with some friends visiting from out of town.  We got there at 10:30am and the place was slammed.  We put our name in and the hostess said that the wait would be about 15-20 minutes.  Not too bad we thought.  We decided to go order some bloodys and mimosas from the bar.  However, they cannot serve alcohol at the bar until you have been seated apparently.  This was Strike 1.  We were not only starving but now we couldn't have a drink?!?  We all ordered water and sodas and just waited for our table.  We waited close to 30 minutes for a spot.  Once seated, we put in an order for 3 bloody marys and one mimosa.  Our waitress seemed completely inexperienced and had that deer caught in headlights look.  It took about 15 minutes to get our 4 drinks.  Then came time to place our orders.  We placed our orders around 11:15 and did not get served until noon.  Strike 2.   We were so hungry at this point we almost started eating the jelly packets.   Between 11:15 and noon, NO ONE came to our table to explain the wait or apologize.  Our order was also messed up and we were missing an entree.  Strike 3.   We were all ravenous and one person didn't even get their meal!  They did comp the late plate which I thought we deserved.  As far as ingredients go, the bacon that came in 2 of our breakfast burritos tasted burnt and the breakfast potatoes were extremely salty.  I will never ever go to Bacon again.  If you are in a time crunch, do not go here.
4	Order the BLT Breakfast Sandwich w a Bacon Bloody Mary and you will be so happy you went...I go here almost every Sunday morning after a LONG Saturday night out and leave feeling amazing.  It's not too loud so it's great for chatting (and a headache), they have magazines for your convenience and TV's always playing sports or the news. The decore is nice and bright with natural lighting from the North wall of floor to ceiling windows and the skylight in the center of the space.  It's very country cozy, w that blue jean material and red/white checkered fabric.  It's cute.i always order the BLT Breakfast Sandwich because it's filling and refreshing with the amount of Lettuce and Tomato they put in there. Plus with the 2 eggs and crisp bacon-it's to die for.  they also serve it with these delicious BBQ baked beans and a side of potatoes-Uggh, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  TRY IT.  You'll like it.And don't be thrown off by the piece of bacon in the bloody mary, (which is made with Clamato juice not tomato juice so you know it's good) it adds a nice flavor-just be sure you eat it first or set it aside because it's not so good when it gets soggy.ENJOY!!
2	Went to what seemed like a cool spot for bite for brunch, but was bitterly disappointed.  The food was just alright, and the service was horrible.  We had to ask for silverware and hunt down the bartender for drink refills.At one point, a couple came in and sat near us at the bar, but the bartender wasn't present.  A waitress came behind the bar, filled up a couple of glasses with ice (the ice bin being directly in front of the couple,) all without a second glance at the customers.  She didn't bother telling the bartender that new customers had come it.Overall, it was a very unsatisfying experience.
2	Grilled cheese with bacon? Yes. Absolutely yes.Co-workers raved about Bacon...said they went all the time...so I went with them to try it out. Loved the space. Open, comfy, and just a little bit kitch in an Old Town kind of way. The menu was okay. Our server was nice. The cooks in the kitchen were creative. Very creative...and I don't mean this as a good thing. Apparently, they didn't have enough veggies to grill for my co-worker's veggie wrap, so they um made it up. Put in what they had...which included some interesting choices. And they didn't tell anyone. It was a first-bite surprise.Our server comped her meal...but a little head's up from the kitchen staff could have let her pick one of the other tasty creations that ended up at our table...like the breakfast burrito or the BLT.
2	I went here on a Friday afternoon, towards the end of the lunch hour, so I was anticipating pretty brisk service since there wouldn't be too many people in the restaurant. I wound up having to wait 2 minutes before anyone even walked up to seat me. The menu is pretty simple and since it was lunch, I decided to go for one of their sandwiches. I ordered a cafe au lait and their grilled bacon and cheese sandwich. The waiter actually came back to me and had to ask me how a cafe au lait was prepared (he got it mixed up with a cafe americano). That didn't bode well for the rest of my meal. I actually got my sandwich pretty quickly (which, btw, you have to order a side separately from the sandwich). Instead of the anticipated cheddar cheese, I got cheese that tasted very similar to Velveeta. The bacon, which you would expect a restaurant of the same name to get spot on, was chewy and not cooked as much as I would expect. It tasted like good grade bacon. It just was way too flabby for my taste. The one thing that was spot on was the bread. The bread was grilled to perfection. Nice and crunchy on the outside with still some softness on the inside of the sandwich indicating fresh bread.I only wound up eating about half of the food on my plate. When the waitress came to give me my check, she took my plate away and came back a minute later saying that the chef noticed I hadn't eaten a lot of my food and wanted to know if I had not liked it. I indicated my disappointments and she said that she understood and went back away with my check. I finished my cafe au lait and was walking out of the restaurant when my waitress caught back up with me. She said that the chef was sorry I hadn't liked my meal and wanted me to have $5 off my next meal so that perhaps I could come back and try another dish to see if I liked it better. So, overall while the food was definitely lackluster in quality, and the initial service was a wee bit on the slow side, I will give their customer service 5 stars just because it's rare for a restaurant to respond like that.
1	Let me start by saying that I used to love this place. It is bright, airy and the staff is very nice. We were always taken care of, and food came out promptly and was decent enough. But the last time I was there (two Saturdays ago), I don't know what happened. The place was a complete disaster, an utter chaotic mess. I met my friend for brunch at 11 am. He was seated at the bar, where we were planning on having our meal. The bar is small and there were two to three people behind it at all times, yet it still took a bartender at least 10 minutes to greet me and ask me for my beverage order (including my friend and me, there were five guests at the bar). I ordered an iced tea, and we asked for a some menus so we could order. (As a former bartender, you want to offer your guests menus, try to build your clientele, get some regulars, so this was not impressive service.) After about 5 more minutes we had to wave down the bartender to give her our orders. We watched her write them down, punch the touch screen on the bar computer, and still 45 minutes later, we still had no food. She never talked to us, never ran back to the kitchen to check on anything, nor did she get a manager involved. The other three people at the bar came in at the same time as us, and were served in a timely manner. Normally, we would not wait that long for food, but we set a leave time for 12:15 PM and just sort of watched the chaos of the restaurant to see how things would pan out. What we noticed was an overstaffed, poorly managed restaurant. We watched a couple other tables complain to management about long wait times (one guy had waited an hour for his food). Finally 12:15 rolled around. Still no food. We gave some other girl behind the bar $5 for the tea, told her we were not waiting any longer and left. She looked like she had heard that from her guests before. I left feeling like I just walked out of an episode of Kitchen Nightmares.
4	Time flies when you're having fun...It's been almost a full year since my initial review of Bacon, and I've been back probably ten times or more.I've seen a lot of transition with the employees but I can say that their service has gotten much better since the beginning.  The casual atmosphere is right up my alley for a weekend breakfast, and my yogi omelette / protein pancake orders have stayed consistent too.  I was there earlier today and while the service was spot-on, I did find a piece of ham in my otherwise veggie omelette - but I overlooked it and enjoyed my meal nonetheless...My husband has been to Bacon even more than i have, and he told me he recently sampled what's to come on their new lunch menu (think pastrami sandwich).  So, go for breakfast, go for lunch, go for a Bloody Mary or a Mimosa... just kick back and enjoy your meal!
1	This place is way over priced for regular breakfast food.  Might as well go to Denny's for half the price.  Even the bacon (namesake) was not even thick cut bacon.  It wasn't burnt I guess..  And why do they have hershey bags everywhere?  I didn't see any chocolate on the menu...Oh, and they have a strict lunch can only be ordered after 11(?) policy.  It was 1040 when we ordered...  that's pretty harsh.
3	Yummy!  Had breakfast here last weekend with a friend of mine.  It was both of our first times there and for the first 5 minutes is was a pure delight!  Then we found that we were sitting at our table waiting for our server for some time.  The manager came over and apologized for the delay and personally made sure our experience was a delight.  He provided us great recommendations, comped  our bill and provided us a discount when we return.  The food was very filling and good.  Great place for brunch!
4	There is nothing better than trying to piece together the night before over brunch with friends. Bacon is a great place to go this. We had to wait forever for our server to stop by our table, and even had some other servers stop by and ask if our server had been over. We were dying for a drink of water so (finally) the head server came over and ended up taking over our table service. We had no trouble with service after that and even got our drinks topped off on the house. That said, the food and drinks were fabulous if you like greasy traditional American brunch. We got mimosas and the house specialty Bacon Bloody Mary. It was one of the best BMs that I have ever had due to the hint of bacon (yum!) and thick tomato juice. You could barely taste the vodka, but make no mistake, it was there. I asked for mine to be extra spicy, which it wasn't. So, I had to just add some Tabasco at the table. For food, I got the BLT with eggs. Fabulous. Not overloaded with mayo, and excellent proportions. My friend got 2 eggs in a hole, which she let me try. They use a special bread (Challah maybe), which in my opinion, really makes the dish delicious. I didn't try the other dishes that my friends got, but they seemed very satisfied. They got the protein pancakes with the blueberry sauce and the breakfast burrito with a side of grilled jalapenos and homemade salsa.
2	The food was good, but the service was so horrible, I won't give this place a second chance.We came in for Sunday brunch and were sat at a hightop right next to the bar.  The air conditioning was on high, freezing, and the vent was right above the table.  I mentioned the gale force freezing a/c to the hostess that sat us and she told me it was the wind.  So we sat freezing for about 5 minutes wondering if we had a server or if the bartenders were our servers, if we should go to the bar to order when our server finally arrived.  We ordered two cocktails and two waters.  We received the cocktails but no waters.  While we waited for our breakfast, another server dropped off a couple sodas on our table and ran off.  They weren't ours.  The bartender walked by, and we asked to order another cocktail and waters from her, and we let her know the drinks weren't ours and she took them and brought us our drinks and finally water .  (On our way out, we saw those drinks at the table next to ours, so they were close).We waited about a half an hour for our food to arrive.  My friend got the Hangover and I got the day's special French toast.  When our server dropped off the food, he said he'd return with syrup for the French toast.  My friend wanted more gravy for her dish and planned to ask the server for it when he brought the syrup.  Well 25 minutes passed and I never got the syrup, he never returned to the table, and my friend got annoyed.  The French toast had pineapples on it, so it was sweet enough without the maple syrup, so I didn't miss it.  The French toast was really good.  My friend's Hangover dish really needed that extra gravy she wanted.  We told the bartender we wanted the check.  He dropped it off and tried to run off.  I yelled at him to come back because I already had my card out.  When he brought back the check for me to sign, he thanked me us for our patience.  He didn't address why he came to our table 4 times total (to take our drink order, take our food order, drop off our food, and drop off our check).  I didn't want to leave him any tip at all.The food was good, but needed something extra that unfortunately we weren't able to get because we had no server and we have no access to the kitchen.I had a lot of hopes for the restaurant named after my favorite breakfast meat.  I hate being disappointed.
2	For a place called 'Bacon', they really need to work on their title dish. I have been to this bustling Scottsdale joint two times now and each time left disappointed. While their breakfast is satisfactory, it is nothing to write home about. Bacon offers traditional breakfast options, and not really much else. You would think with a place called Bacon that they would manage to serve their title dish well enough to do their name proud. I found the Bacon on both visits to be luke-warm, dry and absent of any flavor, it was like eating tree-bark that had a mild essence of bacon.The service was also mediocre, at best, on both occasions. The server noticed upon delivery of my food that cheese was missing from my eggs (as ordered), and without me prompting her, she brought the dish back to the kitchen. Sadly however, when she returned it was just a couple of shreds of cold cheese sprinkled on top (really? come on.).Later when the waitress returned and saw my barely touched plate and asked if everything was fine, she did't really offer any solutions when I said it was simply "alright". Normally, I would be fine with this, but when a restaurant like "Bacon" is charging a $15 check for a really basic breakfast and coffee, I expect better service.Sadly, I will not be returning to Bacon until I hear of some changes. Until then I recommend The Breakfast Club or Cafe Carumba in Scottsdale or Matt's Big Breakfast in Downtown Phoenix.
4	3rd try yesterday. 1st was their grand opening week, my 2nd about 3-months after opening. I can now say with great enthusiasm that Bacon has matured. The service was tops, the menu is unusual and exciting, pricing is fair, and the atmosphere remains open and airy. You may now consider this most excellent breakfast option.
3	I would give this between a 2 and a 3. Here's the bottom line after three visits: the food is pretty amazing and the service is horrible. They likely get some reprieve because we all know that finding a breakfast place in Scottsdale without an hour wait is near impossible, so you struggle through it. We have even been "helped" by the owner, who is about as helpful and attentive as his HUGE staff that congregates consistently chatting instead of tending to customers.
4	I love this place!!!  Great vibe.  Very committed owner who is there all the time and overtly interested in building his business by making sure you are happy with everything start to finish.  I love it when I have that experience at a place.  LOVE the Egg BLT...LOVE the breakfast burrito but you have to ask for it with shredded lettuce and pico de gallo...lots of great flavors and textures in that...Both those items are so good, I haven't bothered to try anything else.
1	I have given this place 3 chances and it still disappoints me. The food is subpar, the ambiance is terrible and the servers are rude. I was there a few weeks back and my friends and I after a night out were reminiscing and our waitress was the biggest snob listening into our conversation and giving her opinion.  She was rude enough to the point we almost walked out before our food, after a 45 minute wait, was even served. This place won't last long in old town. With mediocre food at best, slow service and rude employees there are too many other great spots in old town people will venture to.
4	Great place fresh food. Awesome ambiance
