4	I've been shopping around for a new bike for my hubby and a place to fix up my old one, and we stopped in at Uptown on a Monday night. There were about 7 people trying out bikes on the stationary tracks; I almost thought we'd interrupted a class. The clerk let us browse around and came over to offer assistance a few moments later. He was super knowledgeable, which was great because we have some requirements that make the majority of modern bikes a non-option. We left with his card, a catalogue, and a clearer idea of our bike options.Plus, their prices are more affordable than other places we've been around town, and their bikes have the cutest ice cream paint jobs I've ever seen! We're definitely going back in the new year.
4	There really aren't a lot of options for servicing or purchasing a good Tri-bike in the Charlotte area.  I was kind of surprised to find that out considering there is a rather large Tri community.  Uptown Cycles a step above the rest when it comes to customer service and mechanics.  There supply is a little lacking but they make up for it in friendliness and knowledge.  Angela is a sweetheart and she told me all about there cycling classes that are completely computerized.  Really cool.  Give it a "spin" (that was awful) and stop in for a minute.
5	Uptown Cycles is the perfect home-town cycle shop. They are Charlotte's one stop cycle shop. If you are just needing a town bike or want to race, they have it all. Chris and Robin are a class act. They show you the bike you want, fit you for it, then train you harder than anyone in Charlotte. The wrenches (bike service team) are Grade A service people and always do work fast and right the first time.
2	The attendant was really smug and snobby about biking. I did not like his attitude.
4	Ran in here to grab a light for the future wife's bike since she's been riding in the mornings now when it's still dark, and they were super helpful.  Quickly showed me what they had, and talked about the pros and cons of each set and got me what I needed without a lot of hassle.  My fiancee has had her bike worked on here and liked what they did, so from that perspective I'd say they're pretty solid all around.  It looks like they have a lot of training bikes and training going on, so if you're a real saddle jockey, this is probably your spot.
5	I took my girlfriend's vintage Schwinn here for a tune up. They called before completing the work and told me the bike only needed a "safety check" that would save me a little money. They could have easily charged for a tune up and I would have never known the difference. I really appreciate their honesty and clear explanation of their expert opinion regarding the bike's issues. I would definitely bring another bike into this shop in the future.
5	Can't thank them enough!  They took excellent care of my bike.  Very friendly and helpful.
5	To start off, parking was easy and convenient.  Store was easy to find...when I went inside the store was very organized and had a good variety of products.  I was greeted right away...I needed a tire for a stroller fixed. The guy was able to do it right then and there, and it didn't take him very long and the price was very reasonable. I will deff go back here for any other problems I might have.
5	Can't say enough about how awesome this shop is - they'll take great care of you, and really help you to understand what you're getting into if you're buying a road, mountain, or casual city bike.  Mechanic is top notch, and Chris has been in the game a long, long time.  They know their stuff.Pop in, ask questions, and get to know your way around bikes before making a big purchase.  These guys would love to help you out.  Always a pleasure to pop into the shop.
5	I visited this bike shop about a year ago to look into buying a trail bike.  The shop was busy but the owner was quick to say hello and said he'd be right with me as soon as he finished with his current customer.  Once we got started I explained what kind of riding I wanted to do and my price range and he was very helpful in recommending some bikes.  He also let me take one for a spin on the greenway which was a really nice gesture.  I ended up going with a different bike that was not available at Uptown Cycles but I returned just a few days ago to have two bikes boxed up for shipping.  Again I received excellent polite service at a reasonable price.  They even allowed my friend to pick up my boxed bikes without me as I was scrambling through errands for a big move.  I would strongly recommend you give this bike shop a try, they are top notch!
