5	I am a huge fan of this place. It has a great range of prices (some of which I have a hard time justifying to my pocket book) but majority I can afford. The quality of the garments are good and I love the fact that no one will have your same outfit on. I am a loyal Rowdy customer and highly recommend... oops maybe i should not share my fashion secret. Also the owners who are usually always there are super friend and helpful.
4	This is a fun place to shop if you're tired of mall-shopping.  You'll definitely find unique clothing that you can't find anywhere else.  Prices are moderate.  I love that if you accumulate $300 spending, you get your own canvas Rowdy bag.  Also, they have "Rowdy Days" where you can get one regular priced item for 40% off and if you have a Rowdy bag, you can bring it in and get a free gift w/purchase.  Their clearance rack is also full of fun-finds.  The only thing is that they do not accept returns if you got an item on sale.  So don't do any impulse spending (as I did and got stuck with something I now regret).They do have a comfy sofa for your significant other to hang out and chill while you shop.  During Rowdy Days they have wine and treats to enjoy.
5	Went in for "Rowdy Days" sale today (and yesterday- oops!!)  I got a pair of jeans and two tops for $150.  You can't beat that!!  This boutique gets better and better.  They had tons of 50% off clearance items, all of their jeans were 40%, and their Rowdy Day-40% off any 1favorite item in the store really is amazing.  I'm so glad they aren't in Scottsdale.  The owners are two local fashion-forward divas and they are so down to earth.  They seem to make it their mission to bring fashion-sense to us central-Phoenicians.  Thanks Ladies!
5	I love the girls and the clothing at this place. If I had a bigger budget I would go there every week. They seem to bring things in that you just don't find any where else. Every time I wear something that I bought at this fabulous local business, I get asked where I got it. The girls have a great eye for what is hot right now and they keep me looking fashionable even though I'm gettin old.Keep up the great buying girls so you can keep us in great clothes!
