1	Don't waste your money. First, they are the most expensive nail salon in Avondale but they don't back it up with higher quality. They offer gel manicures but complained the entire time that they don't like doing them. It took two hours for a gel manicure and they were done so poorly, I had FOUR nails break in less than a week! I had gotten the gel done two weeks prior to my wedding so they would be at the perfect length by the big day but had to go get an entire set of fake nails put on b/c Nt did such a poor job.
1	Pedicures are OK but they seriously did an ass nine job with my full set! The color job was horrible (I had the guy which is supposed to be better according the other yelp reviews...I can't imagine what the girls are like).  A nail broke the next day and when I went in on the day after that (only 2 days after getting the full set) they kept saying it was all something I did.  Then the woman who was seeing me kept talking in an aggressive tone to the others in her language which made me feel VERY uncomfortable as I'm almost positive it was about me.  My sister got a pedicure & asked them to trim her nails short...they obviously didn't understand enough English because they did nothing except gently file her toe nails.  Will NEVER got back there!
4	Thank you ladies for a great job... Im glad I started to go back to you... Thanks for taking my picture and posting it.
1	Horrible! I'm mad that I have to give them 1*. They deserve 0. The wretched lady scrubbed so hard, she removed multiple layers of skin, even after I told her to stop rubbing because it hurt. She wiped off the blood then had me soak my foot. Then poured alcohol on it. When I confronted the manager, she put the blame on me. After saying it wasn't bleeding, then proceeded to tell me how it was my fault. First saying that I had a cut. Then it was a blister. Then speaking in whatever language she spoke as to why she thought it was my fault. All I wanted was acknowledgment that the woman hurt me and she would admit to nothing. Then said she would fire the lady. Ridiculous! Her name was Tina and was the manager. You'd better believe I'll call every day until I speak with the owner. I'd been once before and had a great experience so this was definitely a huge disappointment.
1	I warn everyone and anyone to never go here! First off, they have no clue what they are doing! Long story short with that, I had to tell them how to mix certain powders together, and sit their and do their job for them because no had no clue what to do! Second, they are rude and disrespectful. The owner to be exact! Save your money ladies and go to an American nail salon, maybe they will know how to do their job plus you will be able to understand what their saying. No stars!!
