4	The Shoe Shop is a wonderful, neighborhood spot. To really make living convenient, this location is at the Southwest Corner of 40th Street and Camelback in the same shopping center as Wild Oats. They repair all types of shoes, mens, womens, childrens, from high heel designer offerings to everyday flipflops. Another specialty is leather repair, which they can work on broken or damaged straps, handbags, and belts. If your new diet is working so well that your belts are too big for you, the guys in the store will punch you a new hole to save you from having to buy anything new. The service is always prompt, and the turnaround time is excellent, more often than not, int less than 3 days. Overall, if you need any repair that involves your shoes or leather goods, please visit The Shoe Shop in Arcadia.
5	I was so sad when my favorite leather flip flops broke! I had them in my car for about two months before I realized that right next to the new fresh & easy on 40th and Camelback was a shoe repair.  I went in the guy said "no problem I can fix this" and said it would be ready the next day. I came back the next day and not only were they fixed to perfection they were polished and beautiful and looked new. I will definitely be going back! Oh and did I mention it was all done for $14.95, pretty good.
2	Please note that I went to The Shoe Shop to repair two leather jackets-so I can't speak to their shoe repair services.I had two leather jackets with tears on them. One down a seam and the other on the arm(not on a seam). The gentleman that helped us was very short and rushed when quoting us a price. After being a bit flustered and agreeing to the $80 for both jackets to be repaired, we left. He told us we should expect to have our jackets fixed a week from when we dropped them off.Three days later we got the call that the jackets were done. (Which was a plus as the turnaround time was quicker than originally quoted). When I picked up the jackets the lady behind the counter was much nicer and more accommodating than the man that helped us when we dropped them off.She brought our jackets out in a plastic trash bag and I looked them over to see the repair. The jacket with the tear on the seam looked to be repaired well, yet the stitching used to fix the tear was black, while all other stitching on the jacket was tan. I brought this to her attention and she asked if I wanted to send it back to be redone. I told her no, as I wasn't very thrilled with the idea of another interaction at the shop. The jacket with the tear on the arm looks to have been glued, and the tear (now glued back together) looks to be bigger than it was when I dropped it off.For $80.00 I would have expected more. Maybe this shop is better at shoe repair than leather repair. Disappointed overall.
5	I am totally happy with my experience with this awesome shop! They were so pleasant and did the job quick and perfectly! I brought in 5 pairs of shoes (3 pairs of boots and 2 pairs of stilettos). The cost was $15/pair to repair the heel and shine and polish each shoe. I've NEVER been to a shoe repair shop before, so I can't compare the prices (actually i'd be interested to know if anywhere is cheaper). This place is on my way to work, so it was convenient, although I live in Glendale, so I'd be curious about quality spots. Great service, quick turnaround. They have my business!
5	I am amazed!I wear heels...all the time. I fall in love with certain pairs and inevitability need to have the tips of my stilettos replaced. I had been putting it off, because I thought I would be without my favorite pairs for a few days. I called The Shoe Shop. They were so friendly and said if I can in before 2pm they could fix my shoes while I waited. What???I got there about 1:30 and (having a blonde moment) was wearing one of the pairs i needed fixed. The gal took the shoes I was wearing and the other pair to the back, where the magic happens. She came back seriously 2 minutes later with perfectly repaired heels. I could not believe it! The cost was $12.50 per pair, quite a deal when they are done this fast!I am a forever customer, it was a perfect experience!
3	I'm torn on this one. I love supporting local, family-owned businesses more than most people I know (try me!), but price is definitely an unavoidable factor as to whether I can continue to patronize a shop like this. I took a pair of heels and boots here and it was $90 total to get them both fixed. Granted, they weren't in the best shape, but that still seemed extraordinarily high. I will give them credit for two things, though: 1. The workmanship was stellar. Worth paying for but maybe not quite that much :)2. They open at 6am on weekdays. How awesome is that. It gets old for businesses to only open between 9am and 5pm as if somehow the world can get all their errands done during that timeframe. Kudos to these guys for offering that flexibility. 5 stars for quality and hours. Minus 1.5 for the price. 3 star result. Hate to do it, but the wallet is crying loudly on this one.
5	How could someone walk in this place and not have a great experience. I value my expensive Italian shoes and when the leather starts to crack and they are in need of a pro job count on this place. I just reviewed a nightmare shoe shop about a month ago down the street. This place puts the other place to shame. This shoe shop is run by authentic Italians that work hard and deserve more than their underpriced work. Thank G-d I finally found a proper shoe repair and shine store that I can count on doing not only a fantastic job but not ripping me off.
