4	What a freaking dive... the place is as basic as you can get and I think that's what adds to its charm. Horrid decor, cold service and very yummy yummy food. And by no means did I say authentic Chinese food or healthy, but just damn tasty goodness to enjoyable to pass up. The fried Spring Rolls were oily but so tasty I can't even understand why since they were vegetarian. The little dipping sauce was awesome.The Dumplings in Spicy Peanut sauce were awesome. If only for the fact that the sauce did not taste like they melted down a jar of Skippy. Crispy sesame chicken... HEAVEN. Crunchy, tangy and had this fruity punch to it I can't put my finger on but sealed the deal.This place has suddenly become my new pit-stop for Chinese on Ste-Catherine's. It's a dump, but in a good way. Awesome.
3	A run of the mill Chinese food - so the USP is price and quantity! yes this is the best bargain in the neighborhood. The house special is the fly -lice (pun here) the fried rice comes mixed with pork, shrimp, chicken and egg and the quantity is huge..I dare myself to finish this in one-sitting and I always loose.The plus side is the menu here offers a good variety of dishes - in fact, I can easily spend at least 5-6mins deciding what to orderHeres my vote on thingsa. Shrimp with Tofu and Pork sauce (very tasty - by good I mean tasty)b. Fried fish with broccoli (nice but not a very good companion with rice)c. Kung Pao chicken (not my style - won't have it again)d. Phad Thai (in between passable - good)e. Deep fried dumplings (good)Service is cold - I usually prefer to take out. Price includes tax (not sure if that has changed recently). Decor is not worth mentioning.No Wifi
1	DO NOT get the wanton soup or anything wanton for that matter. One order of wanton soup comes with 4 pieces of wanton. Each wanton was 98% wrapper 2% meat. Total rip off!! Worst wanton in my life!
1	If I could give them 0 stars, I would.Authentic? No.Tasty? No.MSG-drenched? Probably.Cheap? Yes.Portions? Large.Rats and bugs? Infested.I don't know how people can simply turn a blind eye to the fact that this place is a dump, and cooking within a dump is not healthy nor enjoyable at all, for any price whatsoever. The last time I stepped foot in here was when I saw a rat with my own two eyes running around the kitchen. I stormed out of the restaurant, and if I had known better, I would've called Health Services to take care of it. Some people have written how this place is so tasty, despite all that is wrong with it, but why is it so tasty? Because it's drenched in MSG? Because it's drenched in garlic dressings and whatever sauces to confuse your taste buds from realizing you're eating something horrible? Everything served here is low grade, deep fried, and over-sauced, let alone cooked amongst insects and rats. If someone paid me a million dollars I wouldn't eat here again. To those of you who can, I feel bad for your palate.
3	Wicked hot and sour soup and general tao chicken. Nobody cares about the ambiance and atmosphere of places like this. Don't waste my time, reviews of places like this are strictly about the food. Of course this place is a dive, it's down right dirty but who cares! The food is great and they've been serving it up for 30 years.
1	As someone else noted, if I could give this place a zero star rating I would!  Also somehow we should warn folks that this pace is now calling itself Star Noodles and to beware.We've been here  in its previous incarnation and we had mixed reviews. We come for F1 and stay a week to experience all Montreal has to offer. The first year we tried this place we found it quaint yet I felt that something was not quite right with my chicken wing appetizer. ...  As if it wasn't quit good but not enough for sure to say it was bad. The next year I swore to try it again and everything was ok and in fact pretty good. Now I'd like to state at this time (2011) it was very late and so super busy that we barely got in. We actually waited a reasonable time to get our meals and by that I mean 5mins or so.  This year we are late going in that it's the last day of he weekend festivities and we are super early for Montrealer's eating time (7ish).  Now the bad part....I will NEVER come back here again. My husband ordered the pork spring rolls as an appetizer and that dish is the best we have to write about but even that was delivered in less than 30 sec. Yup I'm not kidding.   Then a true test for me of any place ....the hot & sour soup.  Gross. I mean bad but I kept at it hoping I am wrong; you know when you keep thinking "we'll maybe another spoonful". I left it half empty and they didn't ask why.  The main dishes. My husbands Orange Beef came again in seriously 30 sec to 1 min absolutely tops. It is so heavily coated like a bad chicken ball from some dive and I wonder how did they do that in less than a min from appetizer end?????  You can figure that out.  Then the worse part - my main dish #79 garlic spicy beef and I'm looking forward to all that it says.  Oh my Lord gross gross.  It was so heavenly laden with salt and/orMSG that i could not eat it and I did try.  No one came to ask how any thing was and this even tho the place was not even half full. When they came to get the plates it was obvious that my plate was barely touched but still no questions. So I say "that was terrible and so full of salt it was unbearable". He smiled, left, and brought us the bill for the full amount. I left $1 tip.  Not sure they got the message or if they whether they care; somehow I doubt it
