4	I know it's a chain, but awesome selection, great service. I got absolutely no sleep last night and it showed. Massive dark circles under my eyes. The lady who rang me up at the register said, "Oh my! Get some sleep! You can't come back here looking like this, you poor thing!"She reminded me of a sweet old grandma! As I was walking out with my sandwich, she said "Remember what I said!!!" She had me laughing. Super nice people working here. Service with a smile, definitely choosing this over subway, 100%.
3	We like the subs and the people are always friendly. However, they are probably the most disorganized bunch of sub makers I've ever seen. Called in an order the other day and I get there... Oops, sorry we forgot to make your sub. Even ordering in person can be rather frustrating at times due to how confused their sandwich makers get when faced with a decent lunch crowd coming in. Today we ordered over the phone for pick up and they again forgot to put the bacon on it, get your shit together!Once they get their issues resolved and get more on the ball I can definitely see giving them another star but for now they're just making a 3 in my book.
4	We were here for lunch today. The line was a wee bit long (one person coming in and ordering for the entire office ya know) but as usual everything was made fresh right when you ordered it. I got the Turkey Provolone on wheat and it was good. I like Jersey Mikes better than Subway cause they don't mess with the bread. Its just wheat or white. Deal ya know? I hated when Subway changed the bread ... but I digress. There is a large flat panel tv to mindlessly stare at while enjoying your meal and its pretty reasonably priced. What can I say, its personal preference but I like Jersey Mikes and when I want subs, its my first choice.
5	One of my favorite sandwiches ever! Thinly sliced meats... were talking tissue paper thin! delicious!No substitutions No difficult orders... very straight forward. I can literally recommend every sandwich on the whole menu! Great staff too but the food stands alone!
5	chipotle philly cheesesteak!
5	Way better than Subway and a bit more expensive too lol!  About once a month they send out coupons for two regular sub meals with drinks for $13.99.  Great deal and totally worth it.  They also slice the meat and cheese right there in front of you.
5	Great sandwiches and service.  The meats are excellent quality, and I think their bread is the best.  I go to this location for lunch at least once a week.  The owners are always here, so things are tip-top.  This is the best Jersey Mikes in Vegas, in my experience.
5	I love the subs here and the customer service can't be beat. I used to work here before I left for the Marines and Gary always hooks me up when I come home. Great food and even better service will always keep coming back.
4	I love there roast beef. Employees are very friendly.
