3	It's a beautiful cafe with a cool mint color that kinda reminds me a bit of Bouchon Bakery's colors/look. There's seating inside and outside on the shaded patio to enjoy your libations while at Tivoli Village. A nice touch is by the sweeteners and creamers they keep a water vase with ice, cucumbers and lemon. I wonder how long that'll last before they take it away for all the people who will run in for a "free" drink and run out. They have the usual coffee drinks hot/ice, a bit of tea drinks and smoothies. I was hot and just needed something fresh so I got a basic iced tea (large $3). It was good, but standard tea, no special flavor to it.  Other than drinks, they have some pastries, pretty desserts, sandwiches, quiches and salad. We saw a sole almond croissant ($4) so we grabbed that as our goal is to try it everywhere in the city. The BFs mom has a obsession to find this particular kind of croissant that doesn't exist but we will try anyways. It was good, but for $4 I wouldn't go for it again as there's a better croissant down the street at Manon. The asked for my name and everyone gets Jade wrong as "Jane" or "Jay" so I always spell it out and as I do it, point to my credit cards name as I'm handing it to them. I was standing there for a while as apparently I am "Jean/Gene" and took a while to sort out that was me.  When the girl hands my my tea, she just walks away....where's my croissant? I ask for it so she tells a girl near the desserts to box it up for us to-go. Later they flag me down because she "couldn't find it". I pointed at it in the counter and she goes "oh I thought that was a beignet". They clearly need to iron out a bit of their service since it's new. Not bad for a treat if you're here, but not somewhere I would specifically come here for.
3	I was here tonight for the Yelp book club's bi-monthly get together.  It wasn't the best place to meet because the music, albeit nice, was a bit loud to hear everyone as we discussed our book.I got an iced chai tea latte that was tasty.  It could have used a bit more chai flavor.  None of us got any pastries, so I can't comment on them although they looked very nice.I like Leone a lot.  If you're having your coffee in house, they give you a number and deliver it to your table.  I can see coming back here in the early evening, sitting on the patio, sipping a latte and people watching.  There is a lot of room at the outdoor patio.The place could garner an extra star when I go back with a great coffee and some good pastry.  We'll see.
4	How do you make a non-aerodynamic location, without flight attendants or pilots smell like an airplane? Simple: 1 part new building smell, 1 part central air-conditioning, 2 parts roasted coffee beans, and voila! Instant airplane smell!Like most new places in Vegas, this place looks really nice, but the setup is a bit strange. It feels like I am in a train station or airport terminal. Again, this may just be because it smelled like an airplane and my mind just drifted to those associated memories, but the mind is a funny thing. I digress. The reason I am giving this place 4 stars, and it's a big reason is: The opera cake is delicious. I've had opera cakes before, but this one takes the cake (pun fully intended). In the words of the barista that recommended this selection, "It will change your life." I don't know if I would go so far as to say that I left with two stone tablets and 10 commandments to share with the chosen people (read: facebook), but I definitely left with a happy tummy and warm memories of ganache spread across layers of chocolate mousse and fluffy chocolate pastry. It is definitely worth ordering, especially if you love chocolate. Definitely not airplane food.And with that, you are now free to move about the cabin.
3	Located in the whimsical Tivoli Village, this beautiful cafe is the picturesque place to sip drinks, grab a light bite (salads, sandwiches, sweet treats), and people watch. A beautiful place such as Leone Cafe should have amazing drink concoctions crafted by skilled baristas, right? I'm still on the fence about this. I ordered a Chai Tea Latte, which was too sweet. I even thought about adding more milk to it to dilute it, but alas, no non-fat milk on the counter (only half & half and 2%). It needed more spice, not more sugar/syrup. Next time, I'll ask them to cut back on the sweet. The pastries behind the glass display looked delightfully delicious, and I was tempted to try one. Maybe next time.
4	I like Leone Cafe. They serve some tasty treats and some delectable drinks. I've tried their Tiramisu and a bite of their Opera Cake. Both were very good. I've also had a Double Espresso and a Large Mocha. The Espresso was OK, but the Mocha was delicious without being overly sweet. And somehow, the coffee art managed to preserve itself through most of that large cup!My first time at Leone Cafe was a little strange. For some reason, the place totally smelled like I was in an airplane. I thought it was purely due to the coffee aroma, but Jade W appropriately pointed out that it could be the new building smell. I guess it's a combination, but in any case, I didn't get that feeling on my second visit.I'll be honest. I still prefer Sambalatte. I just like the atmosphere over there better. But there's absolutely nothing wrong with Leone. It has a pretty interior with ample seating. I'm a fan.
4	My litmus test for coffee shops is the hot chocolate.  If they make a mean hot chocolate, I am intrigued and will come back for more.  I am pleased to report that the hot chocolate at Leone Cafe is very, very good.  The only thing that is disappointing is the price.  $2.25 for a small hot chocolate and the portion is about the size of an espresso cup.  But I'll take quality over quantity.The cafe is large and comfortable.  I think it worked well for the Yelp book club because we all could sit in a big circle and not be crammed. Free wifi without a code! The outdoor seating area will definitely be the place to see and be seen once Tivoli Village has more than 3 stores.  I prefer Sambalatte because of their unique coffee drinks and brewing methods, but I will be back to Leone to try the opera cake and other items.
1	I knew something was wrong when I entered Leone. It didn't even smell like coffee. The atmosphere was not what I expected either; it didn't have the energy of a coffee shop--it felt like a cafe in a casino. I ordered an iced latte, but what they handed me had no coffee flavor at all. I took it back to the counter, where another customer was saying that her chai latte didn't taste right. The employees decided they must have switched them. I don't think so--there were certainly no chai spices in my drink. They attempted my drink again, and handed me an iced coffee. I gave up seeking accuracy and accepted it. I have never tasted such terrible coffee. It was inferior to instant coffee (and I'm not a fan of that either!) It had all the bitterness of a very dark roast coffee, without any coffee taste. My husband had an iced mocha, which had an okay chocolate flavor, but again...the coffee seemed to be missing. He also had a pastry, which was definitely past its sell-by date.
3	I really like Cafe Leone, but their coffee is only ok.  Cafe Leone offers a great place to sit outside and enjoy a cup of coffee or two. There is free wifi and plenty of room to sit outside. The seating area is mostly covered, so you can stay out of the sun which is nice.  The pastry is also about average as well. There's nothing that distinguishes Cafe Leone except the comfortable, ample seating outside and that's enough for me to frequent the place.Bottom line - coffee is a 2 and atmosphere is a 4. Average 3.
4	My husband and I thought this was great.  He had the Italian Steamer coffee and it was delicious.  I had the standard, iced cappuccino which was also good.  We also had an apricot pastry...again delish.  When we went in the first thing I noticed was how nice the decor is...really keeps with the feel of Tivoli Village.  Everything in the pastry case looked good...fresh and beautifully displayed.  My only criticism...we were the only ones at the counter checking out the menu.  Instead of the staff just staring at us, it would have been nice to have been acknowledged and asked if they could answer any of our questions.Will that keep me away?  No, we're already planning our next visit.
4	We hit this place every Saturday morning with our dog. We LOVE the coffee and I absolutely go crazy over the breve. They have a wide variety of European style cafe breakfasts, but even though we have ordered the same plate five weeks in a row the plate has been different each time. (still tasty but different) This is probably the only drawback for us. We love the environment overall and the don't get the orange juice. The smoothies are good I hear (they look good too) and when you order for dine in they have adorably dressed service persons deliver the food and coffee to your table. If the food service was more consistent we would give it a five start for sure.
5	This place rocks! 1.The Lemonade is to die for.2. And the I've had just about every salad they have each one was more delicious then before.3.the inside is beautiful4.the prices were much cheaper than I expected considering how nice it is inside
5	I'm tripping out on the number of stars this place has, I totally think it should be 5.  Vegas should be excited that we have a coffee Shop like this in a town where Starbucks and strip malls abound.  This place looks amazing, the iced drinks are great, the tap water has lemons in it!!!! What else do you want?????Cute date spot, great place to bring your family
5	Coffee Granita on a hot summer day and people watching. What a fantastic spot! Here's why I love coming here:1. Covered parking spot (important when it's 105 degrees out there)2. Located conveniently next to the escalator (once again important weather)3. They are not cheap on the AC4. Drinks are delicious.
2	I really was hoping that this coffee shop was enjoyable. The sitting area is really enjoyable and spacious, inside and outside. I was hoping to be able to come and enjoy the surroundings on nights I wish to drink coffee. I ordered a breve. The coffee had a very odd burnt/chemical taste. It was stingy and astringent, which are two words I have never used to describe coffee. The employees are friendly, but do not expect any latte art. They do not really seem to be especially passionate, or at least, well trained in coffee prep. This shop seems to rely on the aesthetics of an upscale coffee shop (aprons and flat caps, traditional menu, classy dishware), lacking decent coffee. I couldn't even finish mine.
4	Quick and friendly! I love the new menu and the Mediterranean breakfast is delicious.
5	An Italian Cafe in Las Vegas?! Thank you! I came with my son and ordered a Latte for here. They serve it in a ceramic cup. There was a heart shape in my foam. Everyone who works there is smiling. The cafe is indoors and outdoors. I love it! A great way to pass the time. Worth the drive considering there is nothing else like it that I've found out here.
5	my coffee was great. and my wife loved her tea and beignet.  it a wonderful environment to sit and enjoy our time together in the morning.
5	If you are wanting an opportunity to do some effortless globe trotting, I would heartily recommend a visit to the Leone Cafe.  As soon as you egress from the decadently designed escalator lobby you are immediately teleported straight into a Tuscan dreamscape.  Oppulent stonework, both on the walls and floor await you as does a small village cafe atmosphere; it is not a rare occurance to gaze out the window and catch eyes with a street performer jovially juggling some object or a man on stilts delighting onlookers.  Sure Vegas is a place where we invent our own landscapes, but I haven't to date found a locale that does so with the authenticity that Leone has been able to capture.  Of course the perfect environment means precious little if the product is lacking; fortunately in my experience it is not.  Sampling a decadent pastry or a fully loaded deluxe sandwhich has been a favorite experience of mine; and the coffees are smooth and far from the bitter or "over cooked" taste that so many chain stores put forth.  Your latte will come with a playful pattern entrenched in the foam, which is sure to further warm your insides.  I would highly recommend a trip to this corner cafe, especially on a Saturday.  You can people watch, enjoy a satisfying breakfast and then peruse the weekly farmer's market while finding much needed solace and escape that our fast-paced souls require.
3	Wifi is fast which is a plus. Atmosphere very cafe like which you don't find in Las Vegas at all. A nice change of pace. Very wheelchair accessible and friendly staff. As far as the food I had a breakfast sandwich on ciabatta bread w turkey bacon , eggs, three cheeses and tomatoes. Great stuff ! Coffee on the other hand was so so. Had the iced coffee so how can you screw that up? This place did . Having worked at Starbucks for 5 years I may be spoiled. But the coffee tasted burnt and as if they used tap water. Unfiltered water makes the coffee taste horrible . And that's what I tasted. Other than that it was an enjoyable experience and I will come here for the food and a soda.
2	Meh! So we frequent Tivoli Village, and we've stropped in here one time before but they werent helpful and we didnt get to place an order. I figured I'd give them another shot since my son loves hot cocoa!We walked in and the staff were both at the pick-up window and I thought one of them had greeted me and I said Hi and walked up to them and they looked at me like I was nuts : ( She then asked for my order and all that jazz, I ordered a iced coffee with hazelnut and my nugget got a hot cocoa. We paid and I looked at my receipt only to notice they charge an additional dollar for flavor! No bueno! We got our drinks and went to the play area. We sat and my son took a swig and was mortified! He got mad at me and told me the cocoa was really hot! I guess we are used to Starbucks where they do the childrens cocoa at a lower temp... I was kind of annoyed because I'm sure its not that difficult to adjust the temp of a drink : ( I took a drink of my iced coffee and was not satisfied; it had no hazelnut taste!  Also, the coffee itself wasnt amazing, especially for the price! I've had better at McDonalds! Perhaps I just got a bad batch or something, but I wasnt pleased as much as I wanted to be!
4	I usally stop here for a coffee and a snack before going to the farmers market every saturday. The coffee is excellent. I like the iced vanilla latte. I get it to go so I can drink it while I shop.This time I got a palmier. It was huge. Sweet pastry cookie with delicious roasted sugar layers. I loved it.The staff seemed more efficient than previous visits. The first time I ordered they gave me a number and brought my togo drink to my table. This allowed me to enjoy the fresh air and wait for my drink outside. The second time I ordered though they insisted on calling my name and making me wait in a very busy area. I hope this will change.
3	Good place for brunch/lunch. Coffee wasn't the best or worst I've had, but the freshly squeezed juices are good.  The breakfasts are fresh, tasty and very generously sized...didn't leave room for dessert, and I still dream about their cake cabinet...must go back just for cakes and cannolis one day!
3	Tuna melt was a little odd. won't have it again, breakfast sandwhich is better. Main virtue is sitting outside in Summerlin in a place that feels 'alive' -- Tivoli village :-)
4	Stopped in for a coffee and a bite while we were shopping at the farmer's market. My mom was desperate for a coffee so she got a macchiato and I got a Nutella cappucino. We also ordered a beignet. Coffee came and it was good - I will be trying their other drinks. The pastry was also good but probably would have been better hot. They were slammin out orders. We must have been hungry cause everything looked so good as it went by. Wifi was fast and not spotty so that was a plus!
1	Really really want to love this place since it is in Tivoli Village which I think is great. However "Leone Cafe" just doesn't understand how to prepare and serve good food. Hashbrowns were way undercooked and cold. Omelette breakfast came with "breadbasket" which was a roll of French bread better served for dinner. Service was slow and uninspired. The server asked if my breakfast was satisfactory and when I told her about the hash browns she said "yeah, they should cook it with less oil" and left it at that. Come on guys you can do better than this. Goign back to Sambalatte...
4	I love the atmosphere at Leone Cafe! It feels like I'm sitting in a small European Village and not the middle of the desert. I took my friend here to catch up and talk over some Nutella coffee and some cake Yum! The coffee was very flavorful and didn't realize till later very potent. We also had the vanilla/strawberry cake and the chocolate cake. Forgive me I don't know the proper names of them. The cakes were fresh and moist. It was beautiful to sit there and look into the night at the Christmas lights.
5	Staff is amazingly nice, Dustin is awesome, and you feel awesome there :) A+++ ... Drinks are great and they have free wifi :) Enjoy! :)
4	Try the leone latte especial.It was a mix of cappuccino,honey and cinnamon. I really liked the combination, it was nice. We really liked the look and feel of this place as well.
5	We've been a couple of times now, and it was really good both times.  The first time, we had a soup/sandwich combo that was just delicious.  The last time, we had a full size sandwich that's served with a small side salad.  Both were very good, the side salad having just the right amount of a wonderful vinaigrette.  We enjoyed sitting on the patio and people watching.  We're sure you'll like it, too!
4	We stopped by this place for coffee and desert. Ordered a cup of coffee latte and a cappuccino. They both tasted rich and creamy. Almost like the ones I had in Italy minus the accent and the fact that everything tastes great when you are in Europe. I normally prefer my own home brewed coffee at home (I LOVE my peculator) - unless I'm in Italy or if I'm rushing to work and don't have time to brew my own. Nevertheless, this is as close as you can get to good coffee in Las Vegas. And if you like to escape the ugly paper cups they give you at Starbucks, then you will definitely enjoy this place.
4	I come here every Sunday. They make a MEAN latte and the Mushroom Quiche is pretty unbeatable. The breakfast sandwiches are really good and cheap too.The rest of the menu is so-so and the service lags when they are busy, but I keep going back so they are doing something right.
4	I came here for the first time while wandering Tivoli Village today. LOVE the way the place is designed. It has a European flair - sophisticated but comfy.  Even a tad old-fashioned. It's also very shiny and clean-looking, which I always appreciate when I'm eating somewhere.I got the "white" hot chocolate, which was very sweet and tasty. A friend raved over her chai latte. They have pastries and sandwiches in a very nice display, and serve hot breakfasts- yum. The ambience strikes me as being more business-like and efficient than casual and laid back like a Starbucks or Sambalatte, which is fine. I could definitely come here and relax for a short while with a magazine, but I don't know that this is a place I'd want to hang out for a couple of hours as I would at the other places I mentioned.  This is a charming place, though, and I appreciate the effort to make it so.
5	What a great place to have a great breakfast or lunch. Just love the atmosphere and Jordan Jewett is an awesome waitress.
4	I had a soy chai latte. It was simply divine. It rolled over my palate smooth and creamy with the perfect amount of spices. Simply wonderful. To eat I had the spinach quiche. This may be one of the best quiches Ive had. It was fluffy and the crust flakey. Perfect!The atmosphere was very elegant and charming. It was clean and well run. There were water dispensers filled with cucumbers which I thought was a nice touch. I will definitely be back :)
4	I love me some coffee shops, and this one happened to be in my line of vision when my bf and I were exploring Tivoli Village. I veered in and thought I'd try their lattes, but their hot-chocolate-with-a-shot-of-espresso snagged me instead. I had just stuffed myself with a burger at another restaurant.. but I when I saw the dispay case full of beautiful goodies I *had* to get a bite of something sweet too. Honestly, I felt like a country hick in this pretty place, so I said, "I'll have that thing with the almonds and the strawberry on top," so I could get the hell out of the way. The total for my small drink and dessert surprised me: over $12 before a tip! Instead of yelling about highway robbery, I just paid it and hoped my bf didn't hear that I'd just dropped that much on food when I wasn't even the slightest bit hungry. But the guy hands me my cake slab in a tiny To GO box, and it had smooshed the top of my cake! You can smoosh a $4 cake, but this is an $8 cake, and I refuse to eat it smooshed! The guy immediately gave me a new one, in a bigger box, in pristine condition. Bonus points for fixing that without rolling his eyes at me! My boyfriend raised the very good questions, "How is a slice of cake $8??" and more importantly, "How can you even be hungry after that lunch you ate?!" Well, I wasn't hungry, and I didn't know it was going to be expensive, but since I had it I was at least going to make a valiant effort to see what The Eight Dollar Cake tastes like. Just take a bite or two and toss the rest, right? WRONG.  Leone Cafe has the best damned cake I've ever tasted.  It was a strawberry shortcake type deal, with almond slivers coating the outside, and a fine layer of dark chocolate on the bottom. The strawberries were not too tart, the cream was not too sweet, the light fluffy cake layers were somehow not soggy, the almonds were toasted exactly right, and the ultra-thing layer of dark chocolate on bottom was just delicate enough to add a hint of flavor without overpowering the whole thing. I ate all of it. The entire time I was telling my bf, "Mmmph! Mmmm, mmbbbllgg!" (Translation: "Holy crap, this cake is delicious! You gotta try it! I don't care if you're full! Try a bite! Not this one, this one's my bite.") Seriously, this cake was PERFECTION! If I had to do it over, I'd just skip the burger place for lunch and go straight to the $8 cake slice. And what you should do right now is stop reading this and go get one too. You're welcome.
4	staff were very helpful and my order came out fast.  The set up was really great, like a REAL COFFEE SHOP.  There was a performance in the middle of the street and the tables were outside over looking the street of TIVOLI VILLAGE . overall, i enjoyed it and i loved their coffee(:
3	Food and prices are okay. If you sit inside the service is alot better than sitting outside.I've only been here twice.  The first time I ordered the casear salad they drenched it in  dressing so it was extremely salty.  The 2nd time around I made sure that I asked for dressing on the side. They are quick to address a mistake and the environment is clean
5	We went there this afternoon after flying in from San Diego.  My dad lives close by and he wanted to show us the new shopping center.  Leone cafe was there so we stopped and had some smoothies.  The smoothies were wonderful.  We got mango and strawberry.  The service was good and the size/price was appropriate.  The cafe was soooo clean and pleasant. The entire center has a neat layout and interesting stores.  We met the owner who introduced himself as interestingly enough he recognized my son from an early plane flight from San Diego.  Good customer service and very personable.   Small world that of all the places we went to, it was here, but I am glad we did.  I plan on going back to try the salads.   Great place.  Highly recommend it.
4	Great espresso! We had breakfast here (Italian frittata). It was "good", but I think next time it'll be a snack place, not a meal place. I will come back for the espresso though! Great outdoor seating as well, very nice set up.
5	Just decided to enjoy an afternoon coffee and a chat with a girlfriend.  This, of course, was the perfect choice.  Parking is a breeze.  If you park underground, the escalator pops you up right in front of Leone's doors.  Service is very nice and attentive.  Prices are reasonable for quality.  Seating is extensive, both inside and out.  I chose an item from the special board.  The ice blended coffee toffee.  I ordered, sat outside with a few mags, and it was politely delivered to me soon thereafter.  It was served in a large glass.  $4.  Absolutely delicious.  On a previous visit, I've had the joy of the nutella cappucino - also a big winner!!!The place to go for excellent coffee shop ambiance and delicious product!!!
4	Hands down one of the best locations for a catch up session with galpals. The smell of coffee filled my senses as I paced towards the cafe, carefully savoring every detail of Tivoli Village. You can't go wrong with its exquisite European touch and sophisticated vibe but I can't help but question the quality of their fruit smoothies.$3.75 (tax included) for a small fruit smoothie isn't bad. Plus, you can add up to 3 flavors (including mango, strawberry, blueberry, banana, pineapple etc.) with either orange juice, apple juice or regular as its base.  I opted for mango-banana with a milk base and despite it sounding really healthy, not to mention, being made at a really classy location, it lacked a certain je ne sais quoi. There was just no wow factor to it. In fact, I believe I tasted way too much banana and almost no mango. My friend had a medium strawberry-banana smoothie and she didn't seem so enthusiastic about it as well. There's hope though because our other galpal couldn't stop raving about their yogurt (with fruits and granola). I don't exactly know how much it was and I tell ya, she had nothing but good things to say about it so you might want to try that out instead. Nonetheless, the smoothie pulled down the rating a notch. Perhaps it could redeem itself next time I try another item on the menu. We'll see!
5	I love this place! It was my first time coming to this place and love the ambiance and the location.. Leone Cafe is located in Tivoli Village in summerlin area.. Great palce to be on the weekends, they have a farmer's market and live entertainment outside.. Great palce to sit around and kill time.. You may even bring your dog and hangout.. I ordered the Chai Latte and the Passion Fruit Tea.. all for $6.00.. Pretty cheap.. trust me you will love it! This is a new hangout place for me..
3	This place has such extreme positives and negatives it was actually difficult for me to rate overall. Here's how I did it. Got to Tivoli, first time here. They have valet. I'm already at 5 stars in general. I see intended cafe. Looks awesome. Lots of cool outdoor seating. It feels like Europe.  Still 5 stars. I ordered quiche with a salad. And a granita. The granita tastes amazing. Still 5. I taste the salad. Bottled italian dressing. Really? That's something a 1 star place would do. Quiche is a little too wet and soft inside but tastes good. 3-4 stars. Waitress never comes to get my plate. I have to bring it inside after like 30 mins of it sitting there. I bring it inside and politely ask where it goes. A girl inside smugly says "usually you just leave it outside but here" and has me hand it to her. I notice like 5 staff inside doing nothing, just hanging around. Two were folding napkins. Clearly too busy to clear off my table of old plates. That's a 1 star moment to me.That said, it's a very comfy place to hang and have a coffee and people watch. Or have a business meeting. And the food doesn't suck. So...3. Final answer.
5	Excellent espresso coffees, varieties of selection in pastries & desserts, great selection/ well presented/ reasonable priced/ luxuriously decorated interior design and friendly and inviting customer service, this place will almost make you feel like you are not in Vegas but somewhere peaceful europe or hip/hidden gem cafe in California. Crowds are pleasant and there are lots of outside/ inside sitting area. Decoration is done from ceiling to floor. Foods are under spoken by all these fancy ambience, but delicious healthy and esthetically. Quiche, salad, sandwich, paninis are all excellent. I highly recommend this place! Must visit
3	From all the other reviews I read it appears my experience was the same as many others: great atmosphere, good good, terrible service. I go up for a refill of my coffee and a worker is standing in front of the espresso machine pouring herself and drinking espresso shots. After standing there for about a minute I finally say something to her, "Could I please have a refill?" She then decides to acknowledge my existence and hastily pours me a refill. The coffee tasted great and so did my sandwich, but I don't think I should have to wait for the barista to finish her self-poured shots of espresso before I'm allowed to get my refill.
3	Good atmosphere, nice place to go and chat with friends or simply ignore the world and be on your laptop.  They have a variety of coffee and sandwiches. The Nutella coffee is a good option as long as you like your coffee in the sweet side!
5	oh my gosh! how i never reviewed this when i came here the first time (not long after tivoli opened) is beyond me!my local friends complain that the place currently buys everything outside instead of making all things in house like they used to. however, despite what they didnt like, i still loved the food... and so did my vegan and vegetarian brothers.count me in every time im in vegas. love the service. love the food. worth the $50 youll spend on breakfast for four.
4	I like this place for an obvious reason, and a somewhat less obvious reason.More obviously, I like their drinks. Although I haven't had a ton of experience with their coffee, I have had their smoothies and lemonades more than enough times. I approve. They seem freshly made (aside from when you simply watch the make stuff fresh) and not overly sweet.The pastries on display... skip them. They are on the bottom end of mediocre. This is a real shame. I don't know much about their sandwiches/wraps/salads.A little less obviously, I like the outdoor seating area an unusual amount. It genuinely reminds me of an actual French cafe I've been to... in France. Except in France the tables only seat 2, are jammed together, and drinks are served in 8oz glasses and carafes. These factors I do not miss. I recommend getting their lemonades. Especially when it's hot. With some mint (which they offer) they are a great way to cool down and enjoy a stroll around the rest of Tivoli Village.
5	Great start to your morning!
4	great spot to study and grab a bite. Great sandwiches and Earl Grey iced tea! Free refills unlike Sambalatte across the street
4	Cool atmosphere. Hidden treasure at Tivoli Village
3	Cute place in the Tivoli Village shopping area. Good coffee and lattes. Desserts are tasty too. I loved their white cake with almonds, cream, and strawberries. The cake was very tasty - the perfect amount of sweetness and very moist. Would highly recommend that cake, even though I don't know what it's called.
3	I absolutely used to love this place. I drive over from Mt Edge several times per week to have coffee here. Went Sunday and not so impressed. First of all it was cold outside and freezing inside. The outdoor heaters were not on. I was waiting to order and no one came over. A girl that worked somewhere in Tivoli walked in and they ran right over. Of course they had to chat and I had to wait. But I am not in a hurry, so I stayed patient. I ordered a Breve. It tasted good, but was only lukewarm. My teeth were chattering so I drank it fast to leave. The server made some smart comment about my fast consumption of beverage. Ah, tomorrow Sambalatte. And everyone wonders why they don't make it?
5	I had such a great experience at this cafe! Not only is it an adorable cafe, but the service and food is amazing. Everyone had a very upbeat and charming personality. They were extremely helpful and were happy to help you find something that you would like. The food was fantastic! The quality of their pastries and desserts is exceptional and their lattes are to die for. Best chai latte I've had...and I've had a lot of chai lattes. If you're in the Boca Park/Tivolli area it's a must!
4	I love the atmosphere and the coffee is terrific. Salads are excellent
2	They told us they were out of croissants after we ordered and paid, but tried to be super nice about it. My mom ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich that one one slice of avocado on it. My husband's cream cheese and lox sandwich had almost zero cream cheese. My breakfast croissant was served minus croissant and on a bagel instead. The server saw that I was checking out yelp on my phone and then brought over one stale pastry to placate all three of us for our screwed up orders... The atmosphere and service were nice, but none of our food was correct. Bummer. I really wanted to like this place. =(
4	I came here on my birthday after eating next door at Kabuki. We figured that since it was my birthday some cake was in order! My husband is a fitness junkie and I am a non fitness junkie that shouldn't be eating a lot of sweets.We settled for a big slice of Black Forest Cake and a chocolate round ball of goodness. It was a very rich dessert but it was delicious!
4	While in Vegas I love eating at the Leone Cafe for a nice italian breakfast and cappuccino.They serve healthy oatmeal, an italian breakfast wrap with hummus, mediterranean omelets, paninis and more!Delicious food, great atmosphere, wonderful friendly staff. Check it out this yummy cafe in the Tivoli Village across from the Sun Coast Hotel.
4	When you need some ambiance and great cup... this is the place to go. Add in a pastry, table service and sometimes live music and you truly feel you are not in Vegas anymore. Lovely outdoor cafe with quite a few tables, so seating is not usually a problem. Truly has a euro feel.... Did I mention breakfast.? The Mediterranean eggs were drenched in feta and the plates are large enough to split. Had a pumpkin latte which was rich and flavorful, but  did not rely on sweetness (like some other coffee shops that overcompensate flavor with sugar). Go on Saturday, when the farmer's market is at Tivoli and watch the world go by!
4	Best Coffee Shop food around and the staff is super nice.  A bit pricey though.
4	Great little place for a good expresso and nibble!!!
2	I was elated when this place first opened up used to look forward to going there for brunch the food was great even though they were inconsistent with their dishes  and the service was not up to par but as time went by the food got worse. They started getting cheap on the ingridients. The location and decor is really nice and the outdoor seating is a plus. That's why the two stars.I have to say since being disappointed  a few times this place just pissed me off! This place is CUT!
5	Great customer service, great food at a great price.
5	I love this place. Some of the most friendly and helpful staff in town. Certainly doesn't hurt that their coffee is delicious either!
5	This little cafe makes the best Vanilla Chai Tea Latte!
5	Great vibe, great food, great service. Had the tuna melt w/ chips and was HAPPY with my choice. Will go again...
4	Another coffee house marked off from my to-try list.Located at boring, deserted Tivoli Village, this coffee joint reminds me of something I would find if I went to Venice, Italy. The decor...music...even the athmosphere in general made me forgot I was in Vegas for a sec.Prices here are great...cheaper than Starbucks and that overrated Sambalatte just a couple blocks down at Boca Park. At first I was gonna go for my usual Iced hazlenut latte but the Cappuccino Carmello caught my attention. The barista said it can be compared to a caramel macchiato. I was like hey, perfect! That sold me in an instant. My boyfriend got his usual ice blended mocha frap sort of drink. Both medium sized beverages cost me $9.19 with tax. My coffee tasted good, strong coffee taste but not to the point where it's bitter, but....I don't know... =/ it won't be a place I would go out of my way for.
4	Perfect for people-watching on Saturday mornings during the farmers' market
5	Great meeting place or place to just chill in the beautiful Tivoli Village.  It kind of feels like a getaway from Vegas...They have really yummy coffee, breakfast and lunch foods, too.
4	love this place:I have been coming to Leone Cafe since they opened at Tivoli for an afternoon coffee or business meeting because they serve great coffee and pastries in a very nice setting. Last saturday morning I took my wife and daughter to Tivoli for the farmers market and we enjoyed a very nice breakfast at Leone. this is certainly a hot spot in mornings (which I had not previously experienced)we ordered the following:Belgium waffle -  topped with fresh fruit and had blueberries inside along with a trio of sirup, nuttella and jam to accompany. yogurt parfait- granola and fresh fruitegg sandwich- very good and served with a side saladIced Mocha OJeverything was great although the sandwich tasted a bit "par cooked" but I am sure they are working with a minimal cook line and trying to make it all work.we especially love the outside seating on a day where there is so much happening in the shopping center and a band playing.see you next saturday!
5	Great nutella cookies! and the Chai was great
5	Great great spot and a gem for Las Vegas.  Too bad the locals don't appreciate it more.  Hard to find places like this with olld european ambiance.  Nice  outdoor seating that for a moment you think you're in France or Italy.  Nice pastries and good coffee.  Service is also good.  Also liked the touch of self serve fruity water. Recommend
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this cafe ! It's so cute and a close tie with the neighboring cafe Sambalatte. It is much more roomy than Sambalatte which I enjoy and the ambiance is beautiful . I love sitting outside where I can enjoy Las Vegas's version of a little Italy. The servers are extremely nice and welcoming and even attend to you at your table although its pretty much seat your self etc. I had a bagel lox and it was delicious, they don't hold back on their portions too so that's a plus. Although the food is a little pricey for a cafe, i don't mind at all since the service and the ambiance is remarkable . Its located in tivoli village and when i came there was a farmers market going on lining the streets which gave it a little more uniqueness compared to the rest of Vegas. I did not get to try the desserts which is partly why i went there but I will definitely be coming back :)
4	I am always impressed with this place. The food to price ratio is great, its not too expensive yet they give good size portions. They have screwed up my order a few times so that was frustrating but other than that the food is amazing and its a chill environment.
1	Needed to get out of the house after being cooped up inside all day and decided to go get a cocoa and play some scrabble with a friend.  While heading to Sambalatte, I checked yelp and realized that they were only open til 9pm (a mere 15 minutes from when my adventure had started) so I began looking for an alternative location with good reviews.  Behold, Leone Cafe! 4 solid stars and what seemed to be overwhelmingly positive reviews, and it was open until 10pm according to the great yelp, a true find.But it was too good to be true.  We got there excited to try a new place and were informed that they were closing at 9... Fine, Yelp hours have been wrong before.  Then we ordered.  Per a previous yelpers suggestion I went with a small white hot chocolate, something I get often at Starbucks/Peet's/friggin every coffee shop on the planet.  The bf ordered a large tea because he likes watery leaves, fine, more power to him, give me the sugar.  And on a whim we got a tiramisu at the last minute right before she printed out the receipt.While one barista made my cocoa, I was asked the following "are you sure you don't want some chocolate in this, it's weird...""no, no, I just want a white hot chocolate" I repliedAfter being handed my absurdly small drink I was informed that "I tried that and it tastes really strange, you are weird." THANKS barista, not that I needed your super insightful comments into my drink choices, but you are free to have your opinions.  So we headed outside since they were closing to try and enjoy our snacks. Only to look at the receipt and realize that this 1 inch by 3inch tiramisu cost a whopping $6... I wish I could say that it knocked me off of my feet with its amazing flavors and depth and character.  But it was lukewarm to start (not the best beginning for any dairy based dessert) and with every bite I could just feel my super weird weirdy weirdness weirding the eff out over how angry I was at this place.So I spent $13 for 16oz of water and a tea bag, a 6 oz cup of weird milk drink that tasted more of a bag of sugar than any kind of white chocolate, and an overpriced tiny tiramisu.  Next time you need anything coffee or pastry related, go to Sambalatte where they won't insult you or rob you blind.  Get a nutella latte and some fabulous macarons.
4	Great cafe. All the pastries are made fresh. The scene is very cosmopolitan/ french with an elegant European flare.  The music always makes me feel like I am out of town.  There is indoor/outdoor seating.  Dogs are welcome to sit outside with you. My favorite is  pastry is the "Charlotte": Lady fingers, custard,  and fresh fruit. My aunt adores the pear star and the peach brioche. We come here quite a bit and highly recommend it for a coffee and desert!
5	Love this place! very cute decor and love the atmosphere~! great coffee and friendly staffs!
4	I had brunch here this morning with  my brother.  The coffee was outstanding and the Mediterranean Omelet was very very good!!! Highly recommend this place.
5	This place is wonderful. Its located in Tivoli Village which makes it convenient for shopping after your meal. Along with the decor and ambiance this place definitely stands out with outstanding food choices. I recommend the blueberry waffles. It comes with a large variety of sauces; maple syrup, Nutella, butter, strawberry jam, as well as cinnamon sprinkled whip cream. Absolutely delicious!
5	I had the bagel and lox and a mocha latte. The food was delicious! Nice portion of salmon...the mocha was great. Service was quick and friendly. Great indoor/outdoor seating...definitely recommend!
4	A vacation away from Vegas! My wife and I love coming here. Every time we come we feel like we are on vacation in a different town, even though we are still in Vegas. The food is delicious, the coffee is excellent, and the setting is very nice. In cooler weather we sit outside and it is very relaxing. Their omelets are delicious but HUGE-I think they use 6 eggs. I am a big guy and a big eater and we always split the omelet and I'm still stuffed. The bread that comes on the side is hot, doughy, and delicious with the side toppings. Their Mediterranean Omelet is my absolute favorite. Their pastries are also to die for, the "Charlot" I believe is my favorite. This is where my wife and I go when we want a relaxing, romantic Sunday brunch.
5	I love coming here! The staff is always friendly and helpful. The coffee and pastries are yummy and they have a nice assortment of salads, panini, wraps, quiche etc. You order and pay at the counter and then they will bring your food to you. I def recommend the "Charlotte" pastry ;)
3	This is a nice place, and has great appeal. On the service during this visit, I am ambivalent... The child that took my order and collected my payment seemed to be the most outgoing and friendly of the staff. As far as the setting, it is ok. Better than most Sbux with a lot of room for seating.
4	As far as Cafes in town go, this is really convenient, and I like that I can order non dairy alternatives besides soy milk. The food is good & reasonably priced- especially when compared to Starbucks.The staff is always super friendly & helpful. I have NEVER had a rude encounter here, and I come here at least once a week for the last year. The manager (owner?) is very friendly an helpful as well. Staff makes the rounds to see if water, coffee/tea refills are needed. They've cleaned up after my toddler numerous times, telling me not to lift a finger- even after she broke a salt shaker this morning.I love it here & prefer to come here over other coffee shops because its convenient to meet up with friends, there is a playground near by for children & I can always find a seat and am served quickly (and with a smile). The only exception to the quick service is on Saturdays during the farmers market (obviously). I didn't give 5 stars because I am hoping for some healthy food/snack options soon? GF pastries? Fruit (that isn't atop a tart) perhaps? Other than, it's perfect and I will continue to support this cafe!
5	Amazing coffee!! So good I bought a pound of espresso. The turkey BLT wrap was so delicious. Only did a to-go order but the place was clean and busy. My husband was having dental work done and the receptionist recommended this place. Give it a try!!
5	Awesome coffee, awesome service, great atmosphere!
4	This is a nice place, and is my favorite coffee shop in Vegas to go to when I want to play make believe that I'm back in Italy.The patio area is large and allows you to enjoy the nice ambiance that Tivoli Village offers. They offer both Almond milk and Soy milk which is a huge plus in my book...being lactose intolerant and all. They have a good selection of desserts. I wasn't too fond of their biscottis but their cookies and tiramisu were excellent. Great place too stop before, during, or after shopping or dining in TIvoli Village.
5	This was my second time here.  The food is outstanding! Today I had a simple bowl of yogurt with granola and fresh berries.  They have many choices of coffee which are very good!  The atmosphere is relaxed. There is indoor and outdoor seating. Both the times I spent here was outdoors and today was a beautiful day to spend outside! I highly recommend this place.
4	Great for light bites. Must try the granita (I'm pretty sure that's what it's called) so good but very rich coffee drink. Small is big enough for two. Also according to my nephew best hot chocolate ever. Plus he likes that they gave him extra whip cream.
5	This place is an European-Monte Carlo looking place that in my opinion has the best service quality in Las Vegas. The manager Leo is an unstoppable hard worker that always makes sure the customers are taken care of exceptionally well. I am from Italy and I can see this place succeeding in the best area of Italy. Also, not to be overlooked are the lunch selections. The portions are perfect and the food is great. That's why I gave Cafe Leone 5 stars.
5	Awesome coffee.  Awesome setting.  Very attentive staff.  Good food :) perfect Sunday morning spot.
4	One of my favorite spots for a salad! My favorite is the apple chicken salad, but the other salads are delicious as well. They also have great omelets. Love sitting on their outdoor patio where you can sit in the shade or soak up the Vegas sunshine! The service is always top notch, but can be a tad slow when super busy. But understandable.
4	Food is good and the environment is nice, but the food/ drinks are a little pricy for a cafe...
5	We have been here several timesThe breakfast omelettes are large  enough to share....with fresh ingredients...served scrambled or omelette style....loaded with sides: cottage cheese, tuna salad, olives, toasted french bread ....and accompanied by  a dish of green or fruit saladThe sandwiches and wraps look appetizing...haven't had them yetThe croissants are buttery and flaky...YUM !!!!!The coffee is hot and full bodied......and refilled often by the staffThe staff is friendly, efficient and professionalLeo, the manager, is always smiling and ready to pleaseThe prices are moderate..the restaurant is CLEAN
2	This review is for coffee and the pastries. I came in with Amelinda L. and Teresa S. last week after we had just grabbed dinner at View Wine Bar. After walking in, we were informed by one of the staff members that some of the pastries were 1/2 off. Great. As we took a closer look at the cakes and tarts at the counter, we were appalled to see a lot of not-so-hot looking little guys there. We're talking smudged frosting, and fruit that had been sitting out too long, i.e. strawberries that were shriveling and browning, plus a dried kiwi. Oh wait, no, it's just a kiwi slice that has seen better days.When looking at the pastries we asked a couple questions:Us: What is this pastry here? Guy: Uh...this is the caramel, and this is the strawberry, and I'm not sure (runs off to ask a coworker)Girl (who swoops in): That's a caramel, this is the strawberry chocolate, and that's the chocolate. It's my favorite!I love nondescriptive answers! Thanks for the enlightenment. Like I couldn't figure it out by the caramel drizzle, the strawberry sitting atop the second choice, and the chocolate garnish on the third. Worst of all, the conversation when ordering went like this:Me: I'd like two Nutella cappuccinos and the pumpkin latte - all medium size please.The same guy as earlier: Um, what size do you want the latte?Me: A medium? Guy: OKMe: I'd also like the strawberry chocolate cake and the carrot cake.Guy: OKMe: How much are those?---Guy runs off to check, and at this time the girl in the front proceeds to tell me again that some of the pastries were 1/2 off---Terrible. Hot mess express. When I pointed out that some of the tarts were severly dried out to the girl, she said "No, those are fine!" What a lie! Seriously, is this amateur hour? The two stars are for the barista..who seems to actually have a clue, since our drinks were totally on par. The rest of it though? No thank you.
4	Breakfast is good, but their coffees are to die for! I mainly go because it is definitely a different scene and their breves are delicious!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've never ordered anything I didn't like.  The chai latte and the latte especiale are to die for.Always save room for a little dessert, you earned it! ;)
5	Their salads are amazing!! My husband loves their panini's!! I highly recommend the  champagne berries chicken salad, it is delicious!!!! Great ambiance!! Friendly service!!! And free wifi!!
5	Amazing everything,  I love spend part of my days off here. :-)
5	I'm sure that is the best place in Las Vegas for breakfast and lunch. They make their own fresh squeezed  juices. Portions and prices are extraordinary and the service is fantastic. Also wifi dose not require a password.P.s. The manager Leo is always very accommodating and a very hard worker.
3	Cute little cafe in tivoli loved the leone latte especial and the ambiance was great ,!! it's a good spot to catch up with friends or people watching , was gonna give it 4 stars but the snooty stuck up barista girl up in the front smirked when I said leone latte special instead of saying "especial" she asked me 3 times what drink it was knowing exactly which drink I was pertaining to , whoopee big deal now go fix me my latte and stop worrying about how I pronounce the drink!! Other than that love the cafe .
4	Leone Cafe is always fun!  The drinks are excellent.  Today I had the iced tea, really good.  The Chinese chicken salad is espescially good. (If you don't like garlic then this is not for you!)The servers work very hard here.  It is just a great place to go.  And Tivoli is beautiful.
4	While I am not a big Coffee drinker(I'm 5'7" in new shoes)..... my wife is the biggest coffee addict in Vegas! She's on the Finnish Super-Model diet...... 5 pots of coffee & 2 packs of cigs a day! Ha! Just kidding, sometimes she only smokes 1 pack a day!We met another couple at Leone Cafe, just to hang out & for her to catch up with her friend. This was the first time that I have been to The Tivoli Village. I have to say I like the layout & European feel to the whole place. It's nice just to wander around & window shop. It's almost like going to a cleaner, nicer European town.About Leone Cafe, very friendly staff, huge areas both inside & outside to sit & enjoy your beverage. None of us had any of the wonderful looking desserts or treats, but we all went through a few beverages. The Nutella Cappuccino seemed to big hit with the ladies. I liked The Americano. For the hardcore, Leone Cafe, does not have the best coffee or coffee based beverages in the world, but they do brew a decent cup. I also wish that their proportions were bigger, for the price. The main charm of this clean cafe, is the huge open seating area, where you & your friends can sit, relax, enjoy your refreshments & gab to your hearts content, without other people's conversations interrupting your own groups musings. The staff also, never makes you feel like they need your table for other customers..... no matter how long you stay, even if you don't all order refills. Bottom line, this a great place to meet up with friends from the other side of town & gossip. Let the college kids & soccer moms keep their Starbucks..... Leone Cafe is my kind of Coffee House.
5	Great spot. We've had the Mediterranean breakfast, Spinach quiche and some OJs and it was great! Love this place.
5	We've been coming here for years since their grand opening!  Our weekend breakfast hangout!  Their service is excellent and their pastries are delish!!!  Fresh pastries every Saturday morning.  You have to try the chocolate croissant twist.
5	I've been here a few times for coffee when at Tivoli and I really like the setup they have and they have great coffee drinks and even better pastries.  This place is totally worth a stop when doing some shopping or after a meal in Tivoli.
5	its an escape from the Vegas Scene. The atmosphere and vibe is refreshing. not only are the breakfast and lunch plates delicious ... the drinks are also well made.although its a bit pricy to eat here on a regular basis ... its worth it. They say, you get what you pay for ... and the whole package of food, service, & ambiance is on point. It really gives Tivoli Village the spark it needs.one of my faves!!
5	Good food, great service, & some of the best coffee in the Valley. Oh yeah, and not to mention the fun atmosphere of Tivoli Village.
5	My girlfriend and I eat here every time we are in town. Their food is amazing and the ambiance is even better. Tried some mouse and it was unbelievable, as well as their banana & Nutella crepes.
4	Its been a while since i ate there so i dont remember exactly the name of the item i had but it was a breakfast wrap with spicy chicken eggs and lots of fresh veggies. At first i was a little put off because it took a while to come out but in the end it was very good and a nice big cup of coffee and oj. Plus the atmosphere,although a bit manufactured at Tivoli (WHAT ! were really not in Italy? Damn !) is nice I also like to get my car detailed here while i consume my delicious meals. Next up at Tivoli is the Poppy Den..more to folow.
5	I love this little cafe in Tivoli Village!! They have top notch service, such delicious food, and the best chai is ever had!! They even offer lattes with almond milk, it's fantastic. They are dog friendly with an outside seating area that makes you feel like you've stepped into Italy. I will continue to return to this adorable cafe!
5	The best chai latte! So much better than Starbucks this is the best cafe I have been to in Vegas and I'm addicted!
5	Only place where you can get a tasty cappuccino in all Vegas and Henderson. Samba latte is too sturbuksy over roast beans that taste burned. In Napoli Italy we have a dark roast but bitter and burned taste aren't required. No sure if I would get an espresso it's a complicate one to do. Coming soon Napoli Italy for your espresso.
1	I know lots of people love this place but for me it is mediocre at best. I have been here five times or more and had high hopes each time and each time disappointed. Today I had the California club sandwich with chips, fruit cup, lemonade and macaroons. Other visits I have had breakfast items and their "famous" Nutella latte. Everything I have had has been bland and over hyped. I asked for no cucumber and an extra side of aioli on my sandwich today and brought it home to hopefully enjoy. Well to my disappointment there was extra cucumber and almost no aioli. I had to put mayo on it so it wasn't horribly dry. There was a lot of meat which was surprising. There was almost no cheese or tomato. The chips were delicious but too thick. I moved onto the lemonade and which I was looking forward to because how can you mess up lemonade. Well it was not fresh squeezed or fresh anything. It was clearly some kid of powder and not good at all. The macaroons were the only thing that could have saved my lunch. They looked exactly how macaroons should so I was excited. One bite into it and I was not thrilled. I had lime and raspberry and they both tasted like chemicals. You couldn't tell the two apart! The last time I was here and had the Nutella latte I was disappointed because it didn't taste like anything! Very bland food and artificial tasting drinks and sweets. The service wasn't good either. The guy putting the order in was rushing everyone and obviously didn't put the orders in well. Everything took over 15 minutes to come out. I have already given this place too many chances and won't be back again.
4	We come here a lot for breakfast because the ambiance is good for hanging out for a long time, reading the morning paper and using the wifi connection. They also have a good outdoor seating area which is a great place for people watching especially on a weekend when they have the farmer's market or another activity at Tivoli. Their coffee and expresso drinks are nice and strong. They cook with fresh ingredients and their portions are big enough to share. As a bonus, their service is excellent! The wait staff often come around to offer refills.  I am also a fan of the owner who appears to keep a very tight ship.  There's no slacking here!
5	great pit stop
5	Wonderful enviroment and very friendly staff. Excellent food and coffee. This is my new favorite breakfast place.
4	A great place for a stop after dinner to people watch.  The coffees are great and the pastry selection is always tempting.  While I would not come here for everyday coffee (prices are bit high) I love making them my stop for a snack with friends and a place to sit and talk and watch.  The apple pastry is made from phyllo-dough and if you don't know what that is you may think the pastry is dry - but it is supposed to be as it is flaky with the glaze and apples.  It's simple, not over sweet and a great match with a black coffee.  The raspberry tart is also a great small pastry.
4	Lovely location nestled in the beautiful Tivoli village. I loved the ambiance and the fancy cafe decor. The ambiance is clean, comfortable, classy, and quaint. The cozy wicker seats and dramatic chandeliers reminded me of the many Italian and French themed restaurants located on the Strip. They have a large covered patio with a lot of seating and I especially admired the large antique inspired chandelier on the patio, it was a gorgeous touch. We decided to go with the Iced vanilla latte. It was rather milky, not too much vanilla flavor, not overly sweet, and not too strong in coffee flavor - yet we enjoyed it. It was addicting and a perfect after dinner 'dessert' coffee.I wouldn't necessarily make my way over here for my morning caffeine (kick in the ass) on a work week - but for a lighter type of dessert coffee, this is the place.
4	Finally found a decent outdoor cafe in Vegas! The coffee/drinks selection here is insane! The egg sandwich I had was excellent. Mind you, it sounds crazy, but it's difficult to find a simple egg salad sandwich anywhere here, and for it to be good, bonus! The pastry selection looks good but honestly I've had better. Coffee wow! I'll be back with my little puppy soon! She gets to come with me next time. Yay!
4	A great cafe overall. Outdoor seating is nice, and they have good coffee. Omelettes are nice and fluffy, sandwiches are great too. Fresh squeezed OJ is really good there. Pastries are a little hit or miss, but service is really attentive.
5	Service is fantastic.  It has very European vibe. With great drink selection. They also let dogs on patio which is a must for us.
5	This is the best coffee shop in town. I have never been disappointed here. He owner is very hands on and personable,  all of the staff are also very pleasant. For me, service is everything. They have great options for not just coffee but food as well and everything is fresh and excellent tasting. The patio is covered and offers a lot of space between tables. Looking for a place to relax, do business or meet with friends, this is the perfect spot for that. Enjoy!
5	Stopped in here because the ambiance was adorable.  Looks like a Cafe in Italy,  plus I was hungry. I ordered the chinese chicken salad, an iced coffee, and a slice of tiramisu. The salad was light yet packed full of flavor,  not drenched with dressing. The tiramisu is rich and not sweet.  I got to sit out on the patio and enjoy my lunch. Service was fantastic too! Definitely worth a visit. And I will be back!
4	Nice friendly and accommodating staff. He FREE wifi is strong even while sitting outside in the patio! The menu gives you lots of choices from teas, coffees, lattes, salads, sandwiches and deserts! It's a great place to relax and get some work done or surf the net! Luv this place and the location being at Tivoli makes this cafe even more pleasing to at.
4	I have to say after not coming here for a year they have made huge changes food is really good and consistent. Glad to see that they actually fixed the problems. Now I will be coming here more often. I always liked the decor and atmosphere in this cafe
4	A great Vegas cafe that serves espresso drinks have perfect ratios. The atmosphere is perfect. Feels like a European get away.
5	My fav breakfast place in town. They will draw cute hearts or flowers in your capuccino and the atmosphere is absolutely stunning! 2 thumbs up for Leone Cafe!
5	Absolutely love this place and come at least every week if not twice a week and it's an easy 15 min ride. The patio is perfect for a nice relaxing lunch with the view of beautiful Tivoli Village. I always get the same thing cause I'm addicted to it, garden omelet with egg whites, no cheese and a salad. It has veggies and pesto sauce! I get Stryder the grilled cheese sandwich with chicken and chips and he loves it as well and you can't for get his macaroon he has to have each time he comes! I've also had their hot tea and coffee and they both come in a French press as well as a couple of their specialty drinks and have never been disappointed!Their manager is awesome, short guy with an accent, if they ever make an order wrong he always makes it better with a croissant! :) Highly recommend this place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. It is casual but still feels higher-end cause of the location and how they take care of you, great attention to detail!
4	This is a charming European feeling Vegas cafe spot that serves wonderful espresso!
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in Vegas.  The location is amazing, Tivoli village is a lovely area and Summerlin is the spot.  More than anything, the staff makes this place exceptional.  They have found talented and friendly baristas who know their craft.  Food is a bit pricey but everything is made fresh in house and it's all delicious. Some of my favorites?  The Southwest breakfast wrap, the fresh chocolate chip cookies and the Leone Latte Especial.
4	I would consider this place not just a coffee shop but also a bistro. It's larger than the average coffee shops, and they were serving pasta dishes which looked really good. The white mocha was great along with the Oreo frappachino.  I also got the croissant which was very good. It's located on the corner with a large covered patio which is nice to sit out on. Prices were comparable to Starbucks, but drink quality is better.
5	I have completely fallen for this place! The service was extremely fast and courteous, the salad was absolutely delish (I had the berries and champagne chicken salad) and huge, and the coffee granata was the perfect sweet drink for this 106 degree day. They get get huge bonus points for have lots of seating, while still maintaining a really warm, chic ambiance.
5	Love this place. My 9.25 drink they just tried charging me for at samba was only 5.95 here. And it's delicious. The service is on point and everyone is so nice. Their food looks exceptional and their menu options are unique and fun. I will definitely be coming back here.
3	Great coffee and decent food. Prices are about average. Their help is the only thing that needs work. Very unfriendly young kids working. A smile and some courtesy would take them much further.
5	Awesome coffee!  I love how the servers keep going around refilling customers coffee.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Tivoli Village but the Yelp app suggested it when I searched for coffee in the area. Heads up, this place is in a corner space across from Cantina Laredo- not sure how I missed it, but on the Tivoli Village map it is listed as space 165 and so is the Interior Vision store.Busy cafe, right near where you come up from the parking garage escalator.Not thrilled with how their menu is divided between hot and cold beverages- it's hot outside but I want coffee, and the majority of their cold options are frappes. Coffee =/= dessert, IMO.The Monte Carlo blended is tasty and has more of a hazelnut taste than a sugar rush, but the iced chai is more like what I'm looking for.Service is friendly, location is busy but clean, pastries and lunch sandwiches/wraps available for the hungry.
4	Great, perfect little cafe with some GREAT menu options! The green tea latte was PERFECT! The breakfast egg salad sandwich was light, crisp and YUMMY! Mind you, this was on a Sunday, busy, crowded yet everyone was great!
5	I love this place, and I love Tivoli Village (where it's located).  I could hang out here everyday.  It's like sipping coffee in a cafe in Italy, the way it's all put together.  Omigosh.  And I not only got a hot mocha, I got free refills of some pretty darn tasty coffee too.  They come to your table!!  You order at the counter, but they bring you your coffee and then send servers around to see how you're doing, offer you refills and take orders for more goodies if you want them.  LOVE IT!  Can't wait to go back!
5	Great coffee and pastries here! The food selection is big and the staffs here are very friendly and welcoming. Definitely coming back again
4	Great place to sit and enjoy coffee or some light sandwiches or salads. Service is wonderful and i enjoy the outdoor seating which has the best location of Tivoli Village. It's a weekend habit to hang out here and enjoy the atmosphere of this great Cafe.
4	Great locationGreat coffee.Great breakfastsFun on a Saturday when the farmers market is on.
5	Great food and I love the atmosphere. My champagne salad is amazing. You order your food at the counter then they deliver meal. Very family friendly and the pastry counter looks to die for.
5	This is honestly the best coffee I've found in Vegas. I absolutely love the atmosphere and the employees are always so sweet. Amazing pastries too! Try an iced cappuccino, delish!!
5	Wonderful European atmosphere, great service and even better food. The Greek Salad is large, fresh and delicious.
4	My bike group often uses Leone Cafe as a base for our weekly rides. . And for good reason! ! The food is wonderful, healthy, and oh so generous! ! The gals in the group often can share a plate and both come away very satisfied. The guys love the hearty tastes. The service is great with servers running around refilling coffee cups, clearing empty plates, making sure that we were happy. I shared the Meditteran breakfast , lush with feta, spinach, and lots of eggs. A wonderful little tomato cucumber salad accompanied it along with salty olives, tuna salad and some bread n cream cheese. Fabulous!  I loved the coffee too. Just coffee for me and it was so smooth I just had to have another cup. A bonus for Saturday's is the farmer's market! Fun! But be warned.. because of the farmer's market. .. the cafe gets busy early!!
4	Great Breakfast and Brunch Location! You feel like you are in Europe!My secret?MUST try the Almond Croissant!
4	All day breakfast which is one of my favs.  Many different types of coffees which are made by good barristas.   Outdoor in undercover and they have misters which keep it cool in summer.
3	I've walked past this place 50 times but have never tried it. I had a regular small coffee and the tuna panini (just under $12). I sat out on the patio.Pro: 1) the coffee us fresh, strong and IMO tasted really good 2) free refills on regular coffee (good buy $1.50)3) service is great (you order at counter, pay, and the bring your order to you, and check in to see if you need anything)4) inviting and large patio seating with misters, some tables, more in direct sunlight, have umbrellasNot so pro: 1) I sat on the patio at a corner table and I saw a desert roach crawl near and past my table - I get that these guys hang outside for most part but, it scared the crap out of me. I noticed some dead ones by the wall so, clearly they are spraying the outdoors for them, it just wasn't ideal.2) the panini had great flavor but got soggy quickly3) I think the quality and quantity justify the prices, but others may find it a but pricey.
5	Love this place. Everything from their food to dessert to coffee to service and ambience is awesome.  I come here at least once a week. Very dog friendly they always offer to bring my dog water without having to ask. Best coffees ever!
4	I like to study at Leone. The drone of the patrons and restaurant work well for me, and I've always been able to sit near an outlet. I've only ordered plain coffee and (once) a bagel. Neither were disappointing (or superbly fantastic, I suppose). What's great about Leone is that the server is fantastic at doing rounds and always clears your plate and refills your drinks in a timely manner. The gratis water infused with fruit is also delicious between my cups of coffee.
2	The first time i came it was delicious and had fast service. Second time I went i ordered a breakfast sandwhich without spinach salsa or peppers. Got it to go. It took forever. And it had more mushrooms than anything else. It didnt even have cheese and it came with peppers. I even asked before getting the bag if she had made sure it was no spinach pepper or salsa and she said yes. What a waste of $9. All i can taste is mushroom.
5	Back again!  Great place to sit and enjoy the view!  Tivoli is so pretty.  The egg white wrap is wonderful!  This place is so much fun!
5	I have been visiting this place frequently for almost two years now. I have never been dissatisfied! Their lattes are my favorite, honestly the best lattes I've ever had, and I really love their smoothies too! Actually, I have never had something just average here, everything has always been exceptional. I definitely recommend this place, they have lots of room including a comfortable patio outside too! The only problem I have with this place is that there isn't one right next door to my house!
1	I used to love their wraps until today. Took a bite and a very sharp chicken bone cut the roof of my mouth. My office is here at Tivoli and I often ordered from here. NO MORE!! I could not even finish eating the wrap today...two bites and a cut mouth was enough to scare me away. If swallowed that bone would have caused serious damage.
5	Still the best place to get a Vanilla Chai Tea Latte!!
3	Love the food here but jesus the wait is so long! Ordered one thing for pickup they sajd it will be ten minutes. It has already been 25 minutes. No food. Also a tad expensive :/And everytime I come in there are flies everywhere
5	This is a great place to study, work, or meet up with a friend. They have tea as well, which is perfect for me since I'm more of a tea drinker! I usually order the Earl Grey or Jasmine tea. They bring it out in a French press and brew it for you! So you can make about 4 cups of tea! Today I'm trying out the Chai Tea Latte for the first time and it's delicious. I recommend this place, they have free wifi and outdoor seating.
5	Great selection of food on the menu custumer service is everything you expect in a great experience.  Ambience is nice and relaxing.
2	Hanging out at Tivoli with my kid, he wanted to stop by Cafe Leone for a snack. Who am I to say no? Especially when desserts are involved. Their display is on the small side while prices are on the high end. We can blame their Tivoli location for that. Everything here seems to have a sizeable mark-up compared to other off-Strip spots.The tiramisu ($5.75) was not good. It was almost all cream with very few lady fingers and lacking the liquor or espresso flavor that it should have. The cralin ($5.75) was much better fortunately. Chocolatey, crunchy, sweet, but not overwhelming, it was a huge step up from our first dessert, but still not on the same level as desserts found in the top tier bakeries on the west side.
4	When i hand out four stars here it isn't categorically for the food and drink; i would give the consumables three and a half stars if i could. The half star bump is for having the coziest spot to swig some java. Though some of the clientele can be.. well, let's say chatty to be nice (what I'm really thinking is obnoxious), there is always ample seating inside and out. There is also something very satisfying about the lack of kitsch decor and pop music.Expect Korean style coffee preparation though less foamy and not too hot. Cup sizes are correct (meaning a macchiato will be coming in around four ounces) with larger size options available. The drip is automatic sadly, and there could be a bit better consistency with the espresso pulls but the coffee is thankfully not Colorado River. The pastries are serviceable but can get pricey, stick to the layered cakes for best taste-to-value ratio. Overall i recommend stopping by and sitting for a while, this is definitely more of a ceramic than paper cup locale. Just don't set your expectations up to high.
4	I don't know why I haven't written a review for this place yet! Located in Tivoli Village, this place gives you a little bit of Europe in Vegas. Go in line, place your order, and if you're dining in, they'll give you a number to place on your table. Sit anywhere you like but I definitely recommend the outdoor area. If you're hungry, get the champagne chicken berry salad and for coffee, my favorite is the cafe milano with almond milk. They have the option of soy milk or regular milk as well. Once you're done with your drink, there's free refills for coffee. As for dessert, I have never skipped out on it here. There's a pastry case in display and I usually will get a slice of cake. So far, the coconut cake wins it for me.Leone is not the quietest but I used to frequent this place to study. Free wifi with no password and outlets available. Now, I tend to go here on days off to enjoy the ambiance. I try to catch the 9a fresh52 farmer's market held every Saturday when I can and stop by here to grab some coffee. Overall, solid coffeeshop. The ambiance definitely pushes it to another level.
5	This is a wonderful specialty coffee/breakfast (or lunch) spot! We ordered the Mediterranean omelet and could not BELIEVE how much food you get for $11.75! (In fact, we split it!) And it was absolutely DELICIOUS. We both ordered the Latte Especiale ... YUM. We sat outside on the lively outdoor patio and enjoyed our brunch.. Excellent service too! Love the Euro feel.. We'll definitely be back!
4	We love Tivoli Village! It is so quaint, the shops are cute. It is one of our favorite spots to go! It is our go-to when we have out of town guests! It is a great destination to check out!When we do go on the weekends, the is our go-to spot to grab a little bite breakfast, coffee, etc. As simple as the menu is, it is always quite tasty. AWESOME Lattes! Love the outdoor patio! Great place to people watch!They tend to be pretty busy on the weekend, but quieter on weekdays.The weekend staff usually seems a bit stressed out. Sometimes they are friendly, sometimes they just want your order and for you to MOVE ALONG! That area is a bit hit or miss. Overall no matter how busy, they are efficient and food comes without mishap. So it works.
3	5 star atmosphere, 2 star food....I love the outdoor seating area of Leone Cafe...I could sit there for hours, sipping a pot of a tea and writing letters/notecards.  The food on the other hand is pretty standard. Slightly overpriced but good sized portions. Service is efficient and friendly. I ordered the Chicken Alfredo Pasta and it was okay. Not bad...at least the pasta itself was cooked appropriately, but it wasn't that flavorful and it was really only saved by the fact that they provided red pepper flakes on the table. Meh, next time, I'll just stick with the tea. And maybe try a pastry because the desserts looked pretty tasty!
5	Got the Alfredo pasta and a smoothie- soooo good! I love that the smoothies are real fruit and no syrup. It's rare to find that! In addition to the amazing food, the service was amazing. On a very very busy day (during the harvest fest) Selena came to the table and noticed my friend didn't like her sandwich and she gave her a whole new lunch to go! They also gave us a whole new iced tea to go! Love this place!!!!!
2	I have been to this location five times and order the same thing. And 3 out of 5x's my bagel was burned. How hard is it to toast a bagel without burning it.  But today I had it, My experience with my order was unbelievable my coffee was bitter then normal and the batista, argued with me that he added the correct amount of flavoring. I didnt feel like arguing, but he insisted on remaking my drink. Which was excellent customer service on his behalf. So I had time to wait for two drinks and my bagel still wasnt ready. Which I thought was odd!   When the barista gave me my bagel I inspected it, and it was burnt, and hard.  The waitress asked me if I didnt wanted it well done?  I was thrown off, usually well done bagels are acquired taste. I said I didn't order that, she asked me well how would I like it toasted.... again I was thrown off!  I said regular not burnt!  Not interested in eating a bagel hard as a rock!!!!   This alone pissed me off, I dont plan on coming back, the outcome of my experience,  was unnecessary,  and with the prices they charge you think they would be a little more courtesy.   So I rated this place with a two stars... AND CALL ME OLD FASHION BUT WHEN TAKING ORDERS I HIGHLY DOUBT ITS PROFESSIONAL TO EAT YOUR BREAKFAST OR TEXT ON YOUR MOBILE PHONE IN FRONT OF PAYING CUSTOMERS. So that 2 stars might be a generous rating considering my numeruous experiences
2	So we went to have breakfast at leone and the guy behind the counter started cleaning the glass and was stepping all over the counter with his shoes on and then not even wiping the counter when he is done!!!! Touching coffee filters with his shoes the to go cups and covers etc etc!!!I guess I won't be coming back here again!!!!
1	Update- Makes me so sad to post this. One of my favorite breakfast places really disgusted me this am when I saw the manager walking all over the food counters to clean the shelves during operating hours!!! He didn't even clean the counters when he was done and I even saw his foot touch the coffee filter staged near the coffee machine. There was coffee and food being placed on the same counters!!!! Has this guy never heard of a LADDER??? Do they not realize you clean the place when it's CLOSED?!?!? Not only was he walking on counters, he was creating all this dust when he wiped down the shelves!!!! Yuck!!!!If they can do this in front of customers, I can't imagine what they do in the kitchen.
5	I came here last night with some friends. I ordered the Nutella cappuccino and Oreo cheesecake. It was one of the best coffees that I ever had in town. The cheesecake was out of this world!! I would definitely come back.
4	Great local spot for some good coffee drinks if you're in the Tivoli Village area of Summerlin!  I'm a fan of their Nutella Cappacino and also sometimes have them make a Nutella Latte.  Their Cafe Milan (cinnamon and nutella) was good, but a bit too sweet when I had it.  The crepe there wasn't my cup of tea, it was a bit doughy and the filling just didn't do it for me.  The other desserts I've tried there that weren't too bad were the chocolate dome, truffles, and tiramisu.The staff was pretty friendly there too.
5	The place is favorite in Summerlin. It is  great place.to have coffee, lunch and late light dinner. Terrace is the place where you can feel European atmosphere
5	I don't know why I haven't been here before!! This place is pretty darn amazing. The food is delicious, and the servings generous. I had the Italian omelette, which came with bread, a fruit bowl, and your choice of juice ($11.25) as well as a latte. The omelette was AMAZING- seriously one of the best I've had. Packed with chicken, cheeses, mushrooms, spinach, it was flavorful and fresh, and perfectly cooked. The bread was rather forgettable (I have a particular aversion to crunchy bread), but the orange juice!!!! I know, it is just OJ, but this orange juice was AMAZING!! Just delicious- I could seriously drink it all day long! The latte was also very good, strong and flavorful, and of course with a fancy design in the foam.This place is very popular, so of course it gets crowded and you may have a bit of a wait for a table, especially on a nice day. There is outside seating, and both the inside and outside is lovely. My only complaint is that it is a bit of a trek to the nearest restroom, but that's not really the fault of the restaurant. I will definitely return, and hope to be able to sample some of the yummy looking desserts, too!
5	I have been to this Cafe numerous times and I will keep coming back. Very friendly staff and an awesome selection to choose from.  My wife and I had breakfast there and it was delicious. I am not a coffee drinker,  but my wife loves the coffee. Desserts were not overpriced, and were very tasty. Nice place to people watch and just hang out and talk at Tivoli Village.
5	I climaxed!   I usually go to Sambalatte!  I'm loyal!  I don't cheat!  But I was there a few hours ago when I friend suggested coffee and of course there!  I said lets go to Leone Cafe it by my jeweler Jeff White Designs and she has never been..I like introducing people to knew dope places!  I used to come her with my ex husband and I just preferred to sit outside Samballate so if I ran into him I could run lol but u said Leone's today...my friend got a bagel with bacon and eggs and a bowl of fresh fruit with a mocha ...I git a new signature hot drink called Cafe Leonard it was extra hot and minty and like a hot mint fudge drink.  I ordered the smokey eggs which was a copious amount of smoked salmon, pouched PERFECTLY eggs, radishes, spring mix, red onions, omg I can go on.  CRAZY COOKED PERFECT!  Micheal and Domenic served and cheated our table and the handsome owner greeted and spoke with every table...PATRON this amazing independent cafe!!!!  Well Done!!!
5	My favorite meet-up place with my friends (not my husband)...the coffee here is just wonderful and the pastries are to do for! Very classy! Highly recommend! In the heart of Summerlin at tivoli village.
4	Great food and service.  A little crowded but otherwise good!It's a great place to hang out with friends on a warm day.
4	Love this quaint little spot for a quick bite and coffee.  They have great patio seating, and there is often live entertainment at Tivoli on a Saturday morning.  I often see people with dogs on the patio, which as a dog lover, I appreciate!  This weekend we ordered sandwiches, and they were wonderful.  I had a croissant sandwich and my daughter had an egg salad wrap; both were excellent.  The coffee was wonderful, as was the service for refilling cups and taking dishes.
2	Leone Cafe has the potential to be amazing - they have incredible and creative drinks, a great ambience, scrumptious pastries, but their customer service is severely lacking. I've been in three times, and each time I've ordered the same drink - chocolatte espressionale. It's hot chocolate with a shot of espresso and it's absolutely delicious - strong and not overly sweet. This morning, I ordered the same drink, and it came out iced. I went up to let them know I was given the wrong beverage, and the barista rudely told me it comes iced, and I needed to specify hot. I take issue with this for several reasons - 1) I've ordered this several times and it's always come hot. 2) If this is accurate, the cashier is responsible for asking me iced or hot - I am an ex-barista, this is a standard. 3) It says HOT chocolate, how does it make any sense for it to come iced by default? I pointed at what I ordered on the menu and repeated it, to make sure we were all on the same page, explained myself again - at this point another person working told me it comes iced. It was a busy morning but they were visibly annoyed, which is not acceptable. I knew there was miscommunication but there was no way I could have explained myself again a different way - the baristas were just not listening. I went back to my table, looked at my receipt, and saw that they charged me for a chocolate latte, which costs more  and does come iced. However, if the baristas had listened to me and looked at where I was pointing, this miscommunication would have been instantly understood. But they weren't. At this point I was a little frustrated, I went back up and explained what happened AGAIN (I feel like this is their responsibility) and asked if they would just give me a larger size coffee to make up for the price difference. At this point nobody had apologized, which was annoying. Their manager came over, and I explained what happened - since she was listening to me, she instantly knew what I was talking about - the cashier heard my order wrong (understandable) but the baristas didn't listen when I brought it to their attention and tried to tell me I ordered wrong. She apologized for the way it was handled and I let her know it wasn't a big deal, it was just poorly handled when I brought my drink up. She was very nice and got my coffee out to me quickly. I know this seems like a such a small thing to complain about, but their customer service needs work (aside from the manager working, who was lovely.)  I really do enjoy this place, love the coffee and the atmosphere, but my experience today was not top notch.
5	They have great coffee...every meal Ive eaten there has been fantastic...The servers are right on top of everything making sure your drinks are always filled...love this place..
4	Have only tried the coffee so far but it was excellent and a really nice atmosphere for sitting and enjoying conversation while you sip.  Super friendly staff too! The food I saw coming out of the kitchen all looked excellent and I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some. :)
