5	Garrett Plumbing did some work for me on our rental home.  His rates were very reasonable he arrived when he said he would and performed all of his work in a professional manner.
5	Dave is simply wonderful. He will make sure that you are well informed and he will keep the costs of repairs affordable. you will be in good hands.
2	In November 2013, our water heater developed a leak. The warranty was for 5 years, but the company stated that the warranty began " when we deliver it to the contractor, NOT when you buy your home." So, we call Garrett for help. He showed up very quickly and shrugged his shoulders and said most water heaters are the same. Advised that we buy a 5 yr warranty replacement. Thats what we did. And surprise we ended up with the same company as before.When I voiced surprise, Garrett explained that this way there was less for him to do to get me up and running.So after cutting two pipes he was able to install the water heater in less than an hour (still cost $278) labor.Final chapter of the story, some of the pipes he removed are dripping. Again he came out quickly and gave me an estimate of $280 (parts and labor). As a retired physician, I understand pricing factors and overhead costs. Just figure that the original job took much less time that he had estimated, so that he might take it into consideration on this job. No such luck.If you have time and aren't over-flowing, you might want to make a few call as there are other plumbers out there that are happy about repeat business.
5	David was Great! Our bathroom sink had a random sewer smell and of course the day David came there was no smell. David stayed for a couple of hours, unfortunately never located the smell but he cleaned pipes and all those other plumbing technicalities and the smell is finally gone!!!! I would absolutely recommend Garrett Plumbing!
1	I called Dave shortly after my home warranty company sent over my details and notified them that my water heater was not working.  Dave was able to quickly respond and head over but was short and generally unpleasant on the phone.Dave and his son showed up at my house only 10 minutes late and that's when all the fun started.  Right away Dave complained that there was no way for him to get through my narrow side alley with his tool box.  I offered to carry it for him to held, Dave declined.  His son then offered to do the same and Dave again declined then simply carried it himself through the ally just fine.Arriving at my WH Dave tried to light the pilot, I pointed out that I had turned off the gas line to prevent any possible danger the night before when I noticed the issue and he turned it back on.  He too was unable to keep the pilot lit, put the temperature control knob in the off position and began to disassemble the unit.  His son pointed out that the gas line was still on and Dave snippedly stated that he had the temp. valve in off.  This is actually not safe when you are taking apart the gas and pilot assembly, his son was right...I backed up a few feet for safety.  After doing a bit of triage on my WH, he said it was not installed correctly; that it shouldn't be on the ground nor should it be outside without an enclosure and this was causing water to get under the WH preventing the necessary airflow for it to work.  I have a gas WH.  Note: it had just rained the past two days straight hard and heavy and much of my yard still had standing water.  Having been here when this was WH was installed and having done the research myself on which WH was best for my situation a couple years ago I found this assessment interesting.  I told Dave that I purposely purchased this unit because it was an outdoor WH and that I watched the other plumber install it and verified all the measurements after his work to make sure they matched the installation guide from the manufacturer, which they did.  Additionally, I again reviewed the manufacturer's installation guide which did not require any sort of enclosure or lift / rise.Dave simply responded that he has been doing this for 40 years and knows what he is talking about and that both the other plumber and the manufacturer's instructions were incorrect.  He said there was work he could do to raise the WH, drill some holes in the bottom pan, and build a protective enclosure but that warranty would not cover any of the work.  I questioned his assessment again stating that I find it hard to believe that both the other plumber and the manufacturer would both have been wrong not to mention the fact that the previous WH was installed in the same way and place for 10 years prior without issue until it started to leak.  Dave got extremely defensive, started using a ton of profanity, calling me some not so nice names, and insulting my character.  At his point it became quite obvious why Dave works for himself and has no other employees; no one could possibly stand to work around someone with such a horrible attitude.  I ended the conversation stating that it was completely inappropriate and unprofessional.  He asked what I wanted him to do with the WH and I requested he drill the holes and put in the lift as he recommended.  He then argued and said that was not what he recommended.  I asked him to then clarify what he recommended and he through his hands in the air.  I said to just put it back together and I will have someone else come out and look at it.  He told me to "blow it out my a$$" and started to slowly reassemble to unit.  When he was finished and started to walk away I pointed out that he missed a wired clip, he then came back and fixed the problem.  The second time he started to walk away I pointed out that he left the gad line on which was dangerous and that I would go ahead and turn it off for him.  Standing right next to it he argued with me that he had already turned it off...I pointed right at it and looked at him, nothing.  I turned it off and they left.  He then called my warranty company and told them my WH was not installed nor maintained correctly and should not be covered.  Can you believe this guy?  Later that afternoon I spent 10 minutes outside, cleaning away debris [leaves, dirt, spiderwebs, etc.] from the area so it would dry faster.  Low and behold, it worked fine another 10 minutes later after the water in the area dried up.  It has rained 3 times since then, very heavy, and no issue with the WH.  This guy is a joke.  Dave has no idea what he is doing from a plumbing perspective, has little attention to detail, has a horrible, insulting, and off-putting attitude, can put you, your family, and your home in danger, and acts in spite to try and 'hurt' you if he doesn't get his way.  I also called my warranty company and filed a complaint against Garrett Plumbing, apparently I was not the first.AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1	Interesting, not once when you were here did you mention it needed to be relocated indoors.  Your recommendation for repair was to simply raise the water heater off the ground and drill holes in the bottom pan to allow for better draining.  Searching for any reason possible to support your poor service after the fact is in no way going to change people's impressions of your capabilities.  This is even more alarming that you point out in the owner's manual by Bradford White, which I had present when you were out, a solution that is different than your own assessment at the time of the service call.  This shows you make rushed, uneducated decisions on repairs in lieu of taking the time to research the specific appliance, the manufacturer's recommendations, and the correct repair.  Moreover, your recommended repair was to drill holes in the unit which would have voided the manufacturer's warranty and obviously not been the correct repair as no unit should need to be physically customized such as that to properly work.  Lastly, you point out that relocating the unit inside would have fixed my issues.  To clarify, this was the first and only time I had an issue with the water heater and it has worked fine every day since I took 10 minutes to fix it as I originally quoted.  It has rained like cats and dogs many times since you were out with no drainage / operational issues.  I strongly suggest you take some courses or professional counseling in customer service, effective communication, have some sort of safety checklist or other process by which you can ensure you take the right precautions when entering and leaving job sites due to your lack of detail or knowledge creating potentially very dangerous situations as addressed in my original review, root cause analysis of systems failure / triage, and acceptable repairs within both manufacturer and the National Fuel Gas Code guidelines [in the case of gas integrated systems].  For now, all prospective customers should look elsewhere for better service and prices.  It's not worth saving $50 on a repair that causes even more damage or puts you and your family at risk nor paying much more for a repair when the proposed resolution is more extensive and incorrect; no saving there.  Plenty of better options in the valley.
5	Dave was professional, courteous, and personable. He educated me on everything he was doing. We installed a pelican water softener/filter combo. He let me know if I needed anything to call and I'll definitely take him up on that!
5	Had a shower leak. Called after lunch on my day off and it was all fixed, by just before dinner. Dave was curtious and very knowledgable, stepping me through the process. Would definatly recommend to others.
5	So far the water softener is doing great. Dave's services were well worth it. He was at my house from 8a-2p installing it. Thanks Dave!
