4	Wow ~ what a busy place, especially on a Sunday morning ~ yet even with the rush of people the staff stayed pretty friendly and the food came out quickly.  Einstein Bagels has really stepped up their game ~ they have coffee bar drinks that rivel Starbucks  . . . their latte may actually be better : )  PLUS you can refill your cup with their drip coffee that tasted fantastic.They are now featuring new lite and healthy selections featuring bagels that on 1/2 the thickness to save on calories.  I tried their veggie with mushrooms and asparages.  It was terrific!Competition is good sometimes ~ in this case having several other breakfast locations in the area has really invited Einsteins to step up and re-invent itself.  It's exciting to see their rebirth and growth.Blessings : )KC
5	Einstein has the whole bagel thing down pat!  Crusty crust with a soft and chewy inside.  They toast so well and their varieties of Schmears are awesome!  I love having odd combos, like the Garlic bagel with Almond Honey Schmear.  This location was clean and very busy on a Sunday morning.    The staff was very friendly and helpful.   Even though it was busy we were in and out with their "Hate to Wait" bucket.  13 bagels with 2 tubs of schmear for $15 --Not bad!
3	My friends and I came here for a late breakfast this morning and were set on having some quality bagels and drinks.  Once we arrived, we were shocked that the line to order was about 20 people deep.  This didn't deter us as it seemed like the employees were working quickly enough and orders came out pretty fast.  Surprisingly, the place was filled with high schoolers, even though it was 10 am on a Tuesday (?).  The line was quick, maybe about 10 minutes.  I have never been to an Einsteins before and was unfamiliar with ordering, but apparently you put in an order first and then there is someone to pay about 10 feet away.  The girl that took my order was extremely rude to me about moving forward to pay and when I checked my order, which of course she had messed up.  I ordered a regular sized chai and she charged me for a medium (more money) and didn't give me the bagel special that came with the drink and thus I had to pay about 3.50 for a bagel and creme cheese, wow... $$.  She had rushed me through the line and her attitude was not the greatest, not okay.  The man at the cashier made up for her rudeness and was so pleasant that I didn't complain or change my order.  My order was placed and came out directly after I paid and I had a pretzel bagel with reg creme cheese (yumm, tasted like a delicious pretzel!).  But the drink, and iced chai; OMG soo sugarrry I almost went into a diabetic coma after having two sips.  Ugh, I poured it out and got green tea instead which was pretty delicious, so I was good to go after that loll!Overall, I like Einsteins; but not such a fan of this location now and I think you have to try it out a few times before you know what you like!PS~  random story; there was a woman in front of me that stuck her HAND under the soda machine and got a HANDFUL of ice... Um, icky blech, not very sanitary...
4	Damn I love breakfast sandwiches and the new maple ham egg and cheese that I linked up with last time I went in there was fairly impressive. The house brand orange juice isn't fresh squeezed like it says on the cup. The cashier informed me. Tasty none the less.
3	OK, it's an Einstein's - enough said. Great coffee, good bagels, lousy service. You know the drill.
4	When it comes to bagels, the various types of cream cheese based spreads to put on them, and some good coffee to wash it all down with, it does not get much better than Einstein bagels.  This location gets pretty busy on weekend mornings, but weekdays are a breeze.  It is less than a mile from my house, so definitely one of my fave places to go for carbs.
2	This place is very small and gets crowded very quickly. It is a frustrating experience every time I go in there. People are standing around since there is little seating and the line goes right into the dining area. Too small! They are also pretty slow at getting the food out to the customers which is surprising since it's just a bagel shop. Their coffee is terrible, too.The actual food is good. I get the Lox and haven't been disappointed, I just hate going in there to get it.
1	Rock hard Panini- nasty. They messed up or order a tad but the GM- Rich,was super friendly about it and took care of it. Regardless of who is at fault, being pleasant about it makes a huge difference between "never again" and "repeat business." But I won't go back
3	What I just dont under stand is why they always seem to run out of the Best Bagels. I love the six cheese bagel and it seems so does everyone else. Unless you get there bright and early, its the old "Sorry, were out of that bagel. So you have to pick your second or third or fourth choice depending on whats left. This is at 10am!!! Really??
1	Gave them another chance, Saturday morning, 9am, they are out of these bagels: 6 cheese, plain. Asiago, and two more, I dont remember the names. That was the last straw. I left and went to another location at Baseline and Gilbert rd. They had a complete selection. I cant go to the Val Vista store anymore!!
3	Bagels are fantastic!  Service varies, usually just okay.  Bathrooms are so bad they are creepy - just avoid even looking in there, it is like a horror flick.Nice place to go on a Saturday if you don't mind a limited selection or an afternoon when there are less patrons.  Just leave before you have to "go".
3	If you are patient and don't mind waiting for the cashier to make the person in front of you a double macchiato or chai tea before they check you out than you will like Einsteins Bagels and  Coffee.  They have the best coffee and their bagels are pretty darn good as well.
2	After being dissapointed twice I have to sadly write this review. The winter blend coffe was watered down and lacked any flavor this past winter when I went it. It was previously my favorite all time coffee and I look forward to the day it comes out. This past weekend, the cinnamon sugar bagel was so dark it was nearly impossible to chew and had almost no cinnamon or sugar. The quality control just doesn't seem to be happening at this location.
5	I didn't go in to get my food, my boyfriend did.  And the food was great, he had deli sandwich and I had grilled cheese, I will go there again, regardless the size of the place.
1	This location is a joke.   10:30am on a Saturday and out of all decent savory bagels to make a sandwich, line nearly to the door and barely moving, fountain machine not working, and less than friendly service.   I will make sure to choose a different location next time!
3	I come here quite often to pick up bagels for weekend breakfast. The servers are often less than friendly but that's not my biggest complaint about this place. There has to be a way to change the layout so that you don't get bowled over by the stroller brigade while trying to get your coffee. The space next to the coffee machines is used as the main walkway and with tables pushed all the way to the back there is very little space next to the coffee dispensers. If the line gets backed up, between that and all the entitled mamas who think any space should accommodate their hulking strollers and baby carriers it's nearly impossible to fill your coffee without bumping into anyone.
4	The service is always pretty good sometimes they are a little slow that's why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars. Unfortunately that do sometimes run out of certain bagels by around 11am, but all in all it's not a bad location a little small and congested but nothing crazy
2	I like that I can get an iced coffee and get my own refills. I also really like the sun dried tomato schmear. Beyond that, I kind of hate this place. It's always small and crowded, often having to weave around people constantly to get my order, go to the table, wait in line to get creamer, etc. It's just annoying how crowded this place is. They also seem to not be capable of keeping some types of bagels in stock, even on busy weekends. Then, you have the poor attitude of the rude kids behind the counter. It's just frustrating coming here, so we avoid it and choose other less mainstream joints.
1	NOT happy....made a very simple order this morning- Everything Bagel Lightly toasted with extra cream cheese and a white chocolate mocha. What do I get? A burnt bagel with NO cream cheese and a disgusting iced mocha. Not at all what I ordered. Seems like they really did not care about what I actually wanted and ordered. Great way to spend $8 to treat myself (which I can never afford to do) Thanks for ruining my day...next time listen to your customer.
4	"Bagel Dog"  promotion today was awesome and Yummy, too !Gilbert location is our favorite.
4	Ok Update..... They still run out of my favorite Bagels a lot but you know what? I find another one I also like. Nice people work here. Favorite bagel is the six-cheese!! Woo Hoo
1	Save your time and just go to the Einsteins up the road at Gilbert and Baseline.  The staff at this one recently changed again and this location is suffering for it.  They are constantly running out of a lot of the bagel types (walk in to find a bunch of empty baskets at 8am) and the location is not as clean as the others.  The staff is unprofessional and they don't take pride in their restaurant.  I see them spend time throwing food items around and joking when the coffee needs refills or the tables need to be cleaned up.  LOVE Einsteins but sadly this location is subpar to every other one I have been to.  I stopped going here after my last visit. Only positive is that this location stays pretty slow and quiet compared to the others.
2	The food is great, the service is terrible!!! In the last two orders we have had they have been messed up. In fact, when we were there today the table next to us had a mess up in their order as well. They also had two people walk out because of how many bagels were out of stock. Then we saw a worker answer her cell phone and go in to the back. If they paid attention to the orders as much as they did their phones they would be an amazing establishment. I will go out of my way now to go to a different location. Such a bummer!
