5	I went to this place for lunch today. I was excited to see if it was good, cause the only other Greek place in this area, is Daphne's Greek Cafe , and My Big fat Greek wedding (which I avoid), so I was hoping Gyro's Place was going to be good..and it is!!I ordered the regular Gyro with fies and a drink, and I love it! Their fries are Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside..well salted which I love! The gyro is packed with meat, I could make two sandwiches out of it! I only wish there was more sauce! But besides that, I am very pleased! Hope you enjoy as much as I have!
5	This is another one of my favorite places.  I always get the Gyros value meal and there is more than you need, enough meat for 2 sandwiches, best $7.00 meal, with tax, in town.
4	I am a huge fan of gyros and greek food and try all different places and this one is a great one. I ordered the Gyro/Fries./Drink combo and it was great. The gyro was over flowing with meat with just the right amount of veggies and lettuce. The tzatziki sauce was applied in the right amount to get every bite and was very good. The fries are wonderful as was said by another reviewer. They were nice and crispy outside but soft and cooked well inside, they are also thicker somewhere between a McDonalds fire and steak house steak fry. The only thing that keeps me from giving a full 5 star was some of my meat was a little dry. Overall I really like it and will come back for more.
5	I had no idea this place was in the plaza until some co-workers told me about it and I fell in love with it. I always get the gyro plate, which is the #1 and it is amazing. The whole gyro sandwich with the sauce and the lamb/beef meat is absolutely awesome and if I lived closer to the place, I would be there at least twice per week because that is how fantastic this place is.My co-workers like to get the chicken kabob plate, which I hear is quite delicious with its rice and pita bread on the side. It is a must have!
2	Pro: Mom Pop store (probably originally from greece) Service good, Portions large. Good tasting sauce in the pita Cons: Ordered the Shish kabob. Got unseasoned (read no salt, brining or any basic marinated cut of beef). They used the worst part of beef hence the shish (skewered) meat was super tough still contained gristle (no trimming done) and was flavourless. Sauce though tasting good should ideally be made of only yougurt. This also had a mayolike base. Salad that came as a side was watery and tart Sigh! another option to find my ideal eatery shattered.
3	I was in the mood for a good gyro, so I turned to Yelp and found this local place.  My big fat greek just doesnt quite do it for me.  For some reason when I go to a new small restaurant I dont like to appear like I haven't been there before.  Therefore I order quick, like I'm ordering my usual.  I ordered a gyro and they asked if I wanted fries with it, "sure" I replied.  Since it was lunch time there were only about four tables inside, so I sat down in between some old folks and waited patiently.for.my order.  Thankfully it was nice out so I could grab.an outside table and enjoy my meal alone.  The gyro was great, exactly what I was looking for.  I could have done without the fries.  Too much food, and they werent that great anyways.  Overall, good place, good gyro and lookin forward to going back and trying some other menu items.
4	Since the place is called Gyros Place, I figure my best bet is to order a gyro.  Fantastic choice by me!  The meat was so tender and flavorful.  The pita was so soft and yummy.  There was just the right amount of tzatzaiki sauce in it.  I really only like fries if they are criss-cut or crinkle cut.  Lucky me they serve crinkle! This was probably the best gyro I've had at gyro joint in the Phoenix area.  It makes me sad it's in east Mesa and I'm hardly ever out there.
1	Hand Down One Of The Worst Gyros I Have Had Not Sure If The People That Like This Place Have Had Other Gyros Before Or Not. I Tried A Lot Of Gyros In Other States And Other Countries Even And The Gryo Meat Here Is Not Good At All. I Honesty Didn't Want To Eat The Whole Thing.
5	Great little mom & pop gyros place.  The portions are huge and the food is always tasty and fresh.  I am a creature of habit, so I always only order either the Gyros sandwich or Chicken Shawarma Sandwich.  Both are excellent!
4	Overall, this is very good place. We've eaten here at least 25 times and were always happy. The chicken kabobs are consistently very good and the salad and tzatziki sauce is always really fresh. Request extra tzatziki if you like it, very well worth it and tastes freshly made.The prices are good and, it's likely the best Greek food in the East Valley. Don't expect much atmosphere since this is mainly a take-out place.
3	Based on the yelp reviews and since I was in the area I decided to give this place a shot. It was a little difficult to find since they are buried at the back and end of the shopping center. I had the gyro pita and fries. It was pretty good and was served hot. My only complaint was that the meat was a little greasy but they sure do give you a lot!  Not a big fry person here so I guess they were ok. I will agree with the other yelpers on the sauce though. Ask for extra.
4	One of the best gyro places in Arizona!  Large, flavorful, hot, fresh portions with fabulous tzatziki sauce!!
5	Fantastic gyros, amazing fries and MUSHROOMS! I have been going here since it opened about 8 years ago and it's still out of this world!
4	Pleasant find.  Hummus was fresh and tasty and gyros pita had plenty of thinly sliced tasty gyros meat cooked just perfect.  Will become a regular spot of ours for sure.
5	Wow, I have not had this good Greek food anywhere in town. The atmosphere sucks, but then it is a small (emphasis on the small) business; better to get your food to go (I noticed the large number of people doing just that while I ate). I had the souvlaki, which they make from pork and it is amazing! The combo came with rice and salad, I dislike rice most of the time, but I cleaned my plate; even the salad went down. So I said to myself, they passed the first test, time to go to the finals. No good Greek place exists without good baklava in my opinion; well they had two, original and pistachio. I went with the pistachio and came to the realization that I never had real baklava in my entire life until that moment. I did not try the gyros, however, my sweet honey did and she enjoyed it; said it was as good as most places in town.(though she was enormously jealous of my souvlaki to which I lent her a bite) I will be returning here, if for nothing else, the baklava.
4	We have been here five times. We always have the same "test" meals to judge Greek restaurants; falafel pita, hummus and fish and chips.  They are all very good here. Delicious, freshly made fries. Don't like the woman at the counter here. May be a language barrier but I always wonder if she got the order right.This is a small place with about six booths and a couple small outside tables.
5	Shared the hummus & pita, gyros and dolmas.  Really enjoyed everything for a great late lunch.
5	Good food, chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great. Gyros are fantastic as well, they put just the right amount of sauce. I've been here about 4 times in the past year and they are definitely consistent.
5	My number one gyro play, and I eat at a lot of gyro places, this is the only one I will give 5 stars too
5	Great place to get gyros!!! It's a small place about 5 tables inside and cozy.  Our second time here and we left full and happy.  I got the gyro sandwich combo with the greek salad ($1) more but it's worth it.  My yobo got the gyro with the fries and my Jazzy got the jr version of the sandwich.  We tried the dolmas (veg) stuff grape leaves.  It was just ok, but not for me. I'm gonna be returning and try other things. See ya soon.
1	Went there awhile back and got a gyro to go and noticed the lettuce was slimy and wilted! Gross!! How do you not notice your putting slimy brown lettuce on someone's gyro!!! that's all I think about when I drive by this place! We have never been back there!
5	This place is hands down the best greek food in Mesa. Big portions of deliciously flavored food. I always go with the classic lamb and beef gyro. Get extra tzaziki sauce and the fries are pretty good too. The price is right as well
5	This is such a great ma & pa place!  Authentic Greek food, the best in Mesa.  The gyro meat is delicious,  the baklava homemade.  Our fav is the triple platter - hummus, tabouli, & baba ghanou served with pita bread.  Tastes like your yia yia just made it!
5	Tried their hummus today with my wife and that's delicious as well. Lettuce is crisp in the salad, not limp, and veggies taste fresh. Another good experience here!
4	We go here all the time for takeout.  Owners are super nice.  Food is what you'd expect from a hole in the wall Greek place.
5	Go there for lunch Food is one of the best Greek food you can find around in east Mesa  friendly service, especially after hiring owners cousins for service and ordering, I bumped their device to 5 star, almost everything made from the scratch on the site. I suggest folks to give this place a try.
5	Family operated and you can tell! This place is super!  Great food Great Service for over a decade.  Tiny eat-in area but still awesome.  Take out never disappoints.  Straight Up Best Gyros!
