5	Def a favorite park of mine here in Vegas. It's very calm, and out of the way. Very spacious. There is a diverse playground for kids, a number of athletic fields, bathrooms pavillions and barbeque grills. Really everything you could want from a park except maybe a fountain or something, but hey, it's the desert!
4	This is a really nice park for birthday parties. There is a large gazebo you can reserve in advance or use on a first come first serve basis. The park is very clean and there are lots of trash cans which helps when there's a party. The playground is well kept as well. It's not as elaborate and it doesn't have a water feature like other newer parks but it has the essentials. This is a great place to have a BBQ or family events. Lots of parking too!
4	I came here to celebrate the first birthday of my friends son. It was my first time at this park, dedicated in 1998. While this park offers several things the baseball and softball fields probably yield the most attention. They have 5 of them and they are well kept. From the O'Bannon Dr. side you will find 4 of the 5 fields and plenty of parking from that entrance. From the W. Oakey Blvd entrance is the other field and picnic area that you can reserve. The picnic area is first come first serve if not reserved. Even though my friends reserved the spot months in advance and the paperwork was posted showing it was reserved, people had already posted up in the spot when they arrived and had to be told politely that the spot was already taken. The picnic area is nice and spacious. Lots of tables under plenty of shade and plenty of surrounding tables out of the shade. My friends also hired a taco man and they had plenty of space to set up. There is a running faucet and counter area. The faucet/sink needs work because the faucet was bent and the bottom of the sink was black. Cans are set up for trash and recycle and working outlets meant we were able to play music which was nice. They have a small playground area with slides and swings as well a water play area that the kids at the party had a great time cooling off at. There are plenty of big trees where the large imported pinatas that were brought to the party hung and the kids had a blast. When it comes to the fee for reserving the picnic area (there is only 1 picnic area) I can't believe how affordable it is. For just $25 the picnic area is yours from 8 am - 10 pm. My nephews first birthday was at a park in Henderson and the fee was much, much more and the picnic area was smaller with less options. For parties larger than 50 you need to call and find out about possibly getting a permit. You will also need a special event permit if you plan on serving alcohol at your party. When making your reservation make sure and let them know if you plan on having a DJ or bounce house.
