1	Fox sucks.  Booked our vacation through travelocity so didn't pay too much attention to the car rental company. Our hearts sank when we arrived in the car rental terminal and saw 20 people in line with one worker running the check-in. The line took an hour with no apology or perk to compensate us for our wasted time. Will never use Fox rental car again.
1	This is a lot like Alamo when they started out.  After they got sued several times they cleaned up their act.   I suspect it will take some lawsuits to get Fox to clean up their act.    For a recent rental in PHX, they tried to give me an "upgrade" for "only $20/day.   When I refused 3 times, they gave me the upgrade since they did not have the car I reserved,    When I returned it, they tried to charge me the upgrade fee.   They also tried to charge me an extra day even though I was returning 20 mins early.    I had to go back to the rental desk and screw around for 45 mins to get it fixed.
2	SO the pros ... the best rates out there.The cons ... IF you can brave the wait (always the LONGEST lines at the rental car terminal by a factor of 5-10), and IF you don't smack the agent in the face for speaking so condescendingly to you in the guise of selling you an upgrade MULTIPLE times (told a couple next to me "I guess you must be ok with how small and tiny this compact car is ... " after trying no fewer than 4 times to get them to upgrade) - an ... and IF you are OK with a car that may or may not have been maintained or cleaned the best ... you will likely be OK with Fox.I had rented from Fox 2 years ago and had the same experience. I gave them a second chance thinking they had had some time to get their act together. Not so much.Know what you are getting into, plan accordingly ...
1	I CAN'T WARN YOU ENOUGH TO STAY AWAY!!!!  This is SO not worth saving a few bucks (and I love a bargain).  First off, it took over an HOUR to pick up a car...and there were only three people in line in front of me.  When I dropped off my car, there were literally probably 20 people in line.  I had to extend my car---doubled the price and I had to leave a message on a VOICEMAIL box with the most unprofessional message I've ever heard in my life.  But WAIT..here's the real kicker.  When I dropped off the car, they asked where my damage slip was (who knew I had to save that??) and walked straight to the car and came back 15 seconds later saying there was a hole in it.  And there WAS...a tiny hole under the bumper.  Who could see that in a dark parking garage?  NO ONE.  Because this is a SCAM!  Luckily, I took a picture of the car when they brought it out because it was so crappy and dirty inside I couldn't believe it. SERIOUSLY STAY AWAY!!!
1	I will never rent from Fox again. We just rented a compact . Along with other customers who had reservations, we waited over one hour in line. Then another 15min downstairs waiting for the car. The car was fine. The wait was not. Not worth the few dollars saved at Fox.
1	I rented here on 4/26-4/27 and can fully agree with the other reviewers.60 minute wait to get a car and 30 minute wait just to return it.The place seems understaffed with no processes in place.STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS!
4	We were purchasing a new-to-us vehicle located in Southern California, under a small window of opportunity.  It was way too expensive to fly out at such short notice and we did not want to pay for driving two cars back so we looked into doing a one-way rental.  Fox was by far the cheapest out of any of the companies, but we were hesitant to book based on the reviews here.  In the end we decided the price was too good to ignore and we booked with Fox.In short, our experience was great.  We picked up the car at 8am from the Sky Harbor location and although we were not the first in line the wait was only about 15 minutes.  The girl at the desk was very happy and friendly, stating that it was a great job and she had been there for about 15 years!  I'm not sure what the issues are with the other reviews here but maybe the key is arriving first thing in the morning if you can to avoid heavy lines.  The vehicle, a Chevy Aveo, was in good condition and clean with no funky odors.  We did not have any mechanical problems with the car, however the gas mileage was not as good as we had hoped and the vehicle did not come with cruise control! Guess we should have gone for the upgrade.The only thing we had problems with was finding the drop-off facility in Santa Barbara.  They gave us no indication where it was on the Phoenix end even though it said the location was John Wayne Airport.  After driving around a bit I finally looked it up on google maps and found that it was not at the airport, but near the airport although a bit hard to navigate to.  When we dropped off, we were in and out in moments with no problems or extra charges.  The guys there did kind of laugh at the price as I guess it was really cheap compared to California rates.All in all, a good experience and I wouldn't worry about renting from Fox again.
1	Get what you pay for I guess...  I waited over an hour in line and that almost killed my plans.  I had really given myself a lot of time to get to the out-of-town wedding in time, but that wait at the rental place at the airport really put me back and I BARELY made it in time for the wedding.Do yourself a favor and if you value your time, spend some extra $$ and don't rent based on the lowest rates.
1	DO NOT STOP AT FOX, I REPEAT DO NOT STOP AT FOX.  Go all the way somewhere else.  Do not be fooled by the prices!Their customer service stinks.  When we arrived to pick up our vehicle the 4 reps behind the counter were all arguing with a customer.  After several minutes someone attended to us.  When we returned the car we were told there was a dent on the hood that we were responsible for.  This dent could not have been caused by contact with another car or object based on where it was located.  Also, the rep noticed it immediately and it was not an obvious dent.  It felt more like a trap.  The car was filthy inside and out.  Pay the extra money and be assured of professional service and a decent car.
1	I made a mistake by booking a rental with Fox on Orbitz. Well, I made 2 mistakes. The first was booking with Fox, the second was for not double checking the date I scheduled it for (which happened to be in 3 weeks, not sure how that happened). I understand that I made the mistake in the first place, but the events that followed prompted me to make sure that I tell everyone I know to avoid Fox.Since we were planning a drive to San Diego, we arrived at pickup at 5am. There was no counter agent (as expected that early) so I headed down to the garage for pickup...but there was no one there either. I had to wait ten minutes for the grubby lot attendant to "help" me. After we were told that the reservation was made for the wrong date and there was nothing he could do about it, he told me to "call Orbitz" and change the reservation. I cancelled my original reservation and attempted to make a new one, but by then they were out of cars (which they weren't because said lot attendant said they had plenty).I tried calling their 24 hour customer service number and they did not pick up. I went back down after finally being able to make a reservation online and then they said that it takes 2 hours to populate in the system.Had to cancel that reservation. By now, it is 6 am  and the counter agents still hadn't arrived, but I was able to get thru and make a reservation on their reservation line. Then, back downstairs to pick up the car since it was now 6:20 and the Fox employees still hadn't shown up for work. The lot attendant then told me that he could do nothing for me since it was after 6, and the counter agents were now on duty. Except they weren't. They were gabbing in the garage.I go back upstairs. Only to find out that all car rental companies have changed their policy to: if you don't have a credit card you're screwed. I guess people steal their cars all of the time, so the standard $250 deposit they usually take from my debit card wasn't enough. ...and the worst of it? They were going to do a credit check. Like I want a point taken off of my credit score to rent a car. So I left and thought it would be better to chance a trip across the desert in my 15 year old Buick.We made it and had a blast.To sum it up, yeah, I made a mistake, but Fox's customer service is absolutely horrible. If you are in a rush or don't want to have a credit card, AVOID FOX AT ALL COSTS.
1	Booked their economy car from 6/1-6/3... I already decided I wasn't going to pay more than I saw advertised on Southwest.com so as I made my way through their waiting lane, I put my game face on.The guy behind the counter took one look at me, and decided since I had boobs, I was probably going to cave in to his suave sales talk. Yeah, not really. So the conversation went like this: Do you want to buy the extra insurance? No thanks.  Do you want to upgrade to a mid-size sedan? No thanks.  Are you sure? Yes, I'm sure. Do you have kids? Yes, I have two. Well then you should upgrade to a mid-size since you need a lot of room for all their stuff. No, I only have an umbrella stroller & don't need the extra space. Well are you planning to go shopping? Um, maybe...?Our economy cars don't have a trunk so where will you put your things so other people don't see it? (By now I've had it with the arm twisting). What do you mean the car doesn't have a trunk? Our economy cars are hatchbacks, no trunks, no power windows, no power locks, it's just basic. Ok, that's fine- basic will be just fine-- I only need it for a couple days.Obviously defeated, he graciously shut his trap & continued to explain to me that since I was using a debit card, the deposit of $70 was now going to be $250 (WTH? At this point, I just wanted to leap over the counter & smack him with my purse). He assured me I was going to receive a full refund of my deposit within 10 days of returning the rental. I figure, I need the darn car, and I have now your full name, physical description & contact info. You better not be fibbing.It turns out when I went to pick up my rental, my cute little economy car DID have a GINORMOUS trunk, power windows, power doors, and thank God Almighty, AC. Sure, I felt like I was driving around in a Barbie Power Wheel, but the gas mileage was awesome!No thanks to Rico Suave at the counter. Note to Fox Rent-A-Car... lying to your customers won't bring back our business.
1	The service wasn't bad, it wasn't the fault of the people who work here at all.  In fact the gentleman who served us was very sweet and patient. It's just that I was given a quote when I had made a reservation weeks ago online, upon arrival, (as expected) extra fees were slapped on, alright understandable, but the price went from $143 online to $440 in person. Why such a significant jump? Was completely unexpected and very dissapointing! Next time, will call Enterprize ahead of time since they are more accurate with quotes and don't waste any time!!!!Very dissapointed.
4	Great service at this Phoenix location. I was checked in quickly by a friendly employee, given a step by step of the fees and process then directed to where to pick up my car. The fees they charge are the most reasonable for a car rental agency. We ended up getting a compact car for 15/day which you cannot beat!Upon returning they were friendly and prompt. The staff even rushed to give me my purse that I stupidly forgot on the front seat of the car. I love Fox and will continue to use them when available. I wish they were on the east coast though.
1	I have been through PHX 6 more times since my last review and have never been back to Fox.FOX SUCKS!
1	Slowest rental car check in ever. Took over an hour and I wasn't even sure what the hold up was as there was not a big line at all.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I should have heeded the warnings and not used this companyMy gripes:* Selected car was not available. No apology or upgrade offer.* I was given a Jeep and told I had to remove the roof myself (and that it was really hard ..."the book is in the glove box." Gee, thanks!)* Surly and/or stupid staff* No walkthrough of car condition with staff at outset; told to do it myself in a dark garage because they were busy. I just happened to miss a crack in the windshield in the corner in black tinted area -- a crack they quickly discovered when they did have the manpower to do the walkthrough at the returrn end. I wonder how many people have paid for this particular crack.These folks are a joke. Don't get saucer-eyed over the price. Go with a reliable company.
1	This review is for the Phoenix Airport Location.I wish I could give the establishment and endless supply of negative stars, but alas...one will have to do! Currently renting a Jeep Wrangler from Fox for a 10 day road trip. Thought it was going to be a smooth ride but unbeknownst to us we got SLAMMED with additional fees! Beatriz made several up sells that seemed like they were for the week, when in fact they are for the day. My hat is off to her, she is a good saleswoman, and should probably start selling used cars...she could make a fortune. Going further, their customer service is horrible over the phone. We were transferred several times, each time the person on the other end of the phone knew less and less. The only thing we did find out was you can not change or cancel any of the add-ons over the phone. My advice to everyone is go with a company that treats you with respect, and does not take full advantage of you. Go with a reputable company like Enterprise. Fox should change their name to Wolf.
1	As others said time and time again, zero stars would be more appropriate.HUGE mark-ups with fees.  These guys are crooks.  Don't make our mistake selecting Fox.I promised my boyfriend I wouldn't waste any more time upset about Fox writing a long review, so in short I will just say THEY ARE THE DEVIL.
5	I decided to take a change on Fox despite all the horrible reviews I read. I rented from them back in June and decided to take the chance because their prices beat out everyone by huge amounts.  As worried as I was, i found no problems whatsoever.  In face the experience was great.  The price was just like I was told and the car was amazing.  It was a 2011 low mileage mint condition mustang convertible for the price other companies will give you for their economy car.  Everyone was nice and the service was quick.   They did try to get me to purchase their insurance.  Sure, if I purchased it my price would have went up considerably.  But I new going in I was going to say NO, no ,after how hard they tried to sell me.
1	Our cheap rental is turning out to be $450 more because of the dent on the hood they insist was our responsibility. BIG TIP: Make a representative walk around the car with you and sign off on the no dents before you take the car off the lot or you could be the next one duped. I have never given a company a bad rating and I should have looked  here before renting at Fox since not many people had anything good to say.
4	Not sure why the bad reviews. We had a very good experience with Fox at the airport...got a GREAT price which was much lower than the others. Had a Malibu that was clean and big...mileage was a little high(58,000 miles on it)...but no biggie.- Short bus to the rental center...no line...fast check in...quick pick up downstairs and fast drop off afterward. - The above are all I need in my rental company. Foxy!
2	For those of you don't want to read a long review. Think twice before you book this one. You get what you paid for. The only good thing about this company is cheap. that doesn't it, nothing more. I saw a lot of bad reviews for this company. Since I am only going for a short get away, I don't want to spend a lot on car rental. I decided take my chance. Like other said, they really trying to up sale you stuff. We only have two ppl and reserve a full size. First of all, we waited for half an hour in line. The lady tried to get us upgrade to a convertible. I said no. She said then you definitely want to get a SUV, it is much better performance on the road. I almost want to say are you crazy lady, we only have two ppl why in the world I want a SUV and spend double on car rental and gas. I said no. then she tried to get us buy the damage protection. I said my credit card has damage protection. She started talking bad on the credit card. I keep saying no. I can tell she was getting mad. Finally, she said you have to get liability insurance. I said I have liability insurance, that cover rental car. She started saying she never heard about my insurance company, if I don't have liability it is illegal. If cop stop me, they will take me to jail. I keep saying no. She was mad, but have to give me the key. That took almost half an hour. Finally, we got the car. It was an older car(50k miles on it). A lot of scratches all over the car. I will really think twice next time if it is worth it to save a few bucks.
2	This review is in regard to the location nearest the Phoenix airport. The customer service here is absolutely AWFUL. We waited in line at the ground level check-in counter for nearly 30 minutes while a confused employee tried to sort through another customer's rental paperwork before being told that he couldn't help us and that we must AGAIN wait at a different check-in counter downstairs. Once at the second counter, more customers were complaining about the limited cars available (don't people know that reservations are the only way to secure the rental you want?). The station served by one employee required manager assistance and instead of allowing the manager to take care of the "problem rental" and the employee to take care of others in the growing line, they both stood and baulked at the computer screen. We must've waited at least and hour before being talked to. Once we made it up to the counter, our reservation was taken care of and we were in a car within minutes.The lack of efficiency and common sense at Fox Rent-A-Car is why it won't get my business again any time soon. The prices are very reasonable but who wants to deal with such a low level of customer service? (Not me!)
1	I had booked a car for a AZ roadtrip via a consolidator called carrental8.   They then provided a voucher for Fox, which seemed okay at the time.  However, in addition experiencing a long check-in over 30 minutes due to a ill-trained employee and understaffing, I got another nasty surprise.  Fox claims that renters must produce on-demand proof of drivers insurance to law enforcement should they be pulled over.  They highly recommend purchasing additional liability insurance.  I've now read that this is unscrupulous, and the CA attorney general has filed suit against Fox there.  After really feeling I was being shafted, and worrying about what type of road service I would get off in the desert of AZ, I returned the Fox car and went over to my trusted friends at AVIS.  Plus, the price was less after removing all the insurance and extra driver fees!Don't be foolish and try to skimp here.  Go with a reputable company.  Sure, some of the employees are nice individually, but they work for a shifty organization.
1	I reserved a Jeep Wrangler a month ago for my 5 week trip and got multiple confirmation emails. I got there and they said they have no wrangler and haven't had one for months. They sent no warning, they showed no empathy to my situation and admitted no fault aside for offering me a Hyundai for the same price. Don't go here. Ever.
4	Pretty much get what you pay for.  Ask for a Hyundai, they almost always have free satellite radio
4	I live in Scottsdale and went out of town to Southern California for 4 days and booked this rental. The price was $116.00 total and I got there at 6 am on a Thursday so there was no line. The woman was nice and didn't try to up-sell me AT ALL. I didnt have a credit card so I had to put down a $400.00 deposit which was annoying but manageable. Brand new Chevy Malibu with 4900 miles which ran great. Brought it back at 3pm on Sunday with no line. Overall, I was pretty impressed. Last time we took a trip to Sedona and used Payless at the airport and it was horrid. I would rent again from Fox.
2	You get what you pay for with Fox. We reserved a Chrysler 300 for a long road trip from Phoenix to Park City, UT. When we went to pick up the car, they said they didn't have any cars in a luxury size. It took 45 minutes for them to give us a Nissan Altima at a 15% discount. The guys behind the counter seemed to be lost and confused the entire time. The car smelled strongly of smoke. And once we got on the road, it sounded like a wheel bearing was going out. We had to get on the phone and see when and where we could exchange the car the next morning since it didn't seem smart to take the car on a long road trip. They did provide a Jeep Liberty once we took the Altima back the next day and gave us the Altima price, which somewhat redeemed the terrible service of the previous day. Fox was definitely a hassle, but a lot cheaper than the competition. You can take a gamble and save some money, but you may have some issues along the way.
5	Great experience with this company, best price, no problem with service, car was great, no problems at return.  I would advise booking at their company website and to stay away from travel aggregators it only expedites the process.
1	Place is joke.  Do your self a favor and rent a car from a respectable place, you'll thank yourself later.
5	I travel to Phoenix a lot. I have use just about every rental car company in the Phoenix airport.  Fox Rent-A-Car is now going to be the only Rent-A-Car company I am going to use in Phoenix.  Not only is their price competitive, but their customer service is fantastic. There is a person working the front counter by the name of Zina who is friendly knowledgeable and a good customer representative.  I had an issue with renting a car, other companies weren't able to help me, Zina although she was booked was able to find me a car and help me with my rental.  it's nice to be able to get good service for a good price and this Fox Rent-A-Car in Phoenix airport provides it.
5	====================================FOX RENT A CAR  is fine and can be 2/3 the price of some other rentals and the car was good.  But as people say you need to:1---Note any damage to the car WHEN YOU GET ITand get the agent to write up a damage report and give it to you, and2---You need to keep your final gas receipt  when you fill up the tank before you return the car.================The car I got had cosmetic  damage  and because I had the document from when I picked up the car 10 days earlier I was not liable.----------------------------The line to pick up the car was very short at Phoenix  --note FOX shares a counter with 2 other small agencies.  Returning in Vegas was fine---but note the Vegas return location is like 1 mile south of the airport.good luck! ========================================
1	Arriving in PHX at 9 pm we made our way to the rental car area. There were about 10 people ahead of us in line. We waited in line for over an hour and I'm pretty sure that the lone guy behind the counter  helped one person in that time. I finally gave up and went over to a bigger name rental company where the guy matched fox's price and had me checked out and in my car in about 10 minutes. Save yourself the hassle and headache and go through a reputable rental company
1	Bottom line: Fox Rent-A-Car is a dishonest, disreputable business. On top of that, the staff at the Phoenix airport location are incompetent. The cars they rent often have 'issues'. Don't rent from them, but if you are forced to, note every scratch and scuff and make them sign off on it. And check your contract very closely before signing it. Because it probably won't match what they verbally agreed to. BEWARE of Fox Rental!
1	One hour wait in line-22 people waiting for a car at 11pm on a weds night .  Never again
1	Never again. Had to wait over an hour in line to obtain my reserved vehicle. Only two clerks checking people in, and one left 30 minutes after I arrived. The remaining fellow was pleasant enough, until I told him I was declining the insurance coverage. His customer service turned into irritation and borderline rudeness. He never informed me that there was a deposit placed on my credit card (which I found out when I returned the vehicle the following day). Also note that the line was just as long when I was awaiting the shuttle after returning the vehicle. Just like other reviewers have noted, skip this company and you'll have a lot less frustration in your life.
5	Just rented from Fox for a 9-day driving trip out West,where I picked up a full-sized SUV in Phonix and dropped off said SUV in Vegas. Prior to this trip, I had never heard of Fox, but after reading all of the scathing reviews on this site, I was very nervous about what I would encounter when I went to pick up my car in Phoenix.  Still, Fox was more than $500 cheaper than the major rental car companies because of the dreaded one -way surcharge, so I had to take a chance. I am so glad that I did! I can honestly say that I had a wonderful experience with Fox. I wouldn't hesitate to use Fox again  and would highly recommend Fox to friends, family and anyone on this site. The pick-up experience in Phoenix was seemless and we were given a new, clean, low-mileage  Tahoe. The rental car counter in Phoenix was in the same location as all of the major rental companies. There was no line there and the price on the contract was exactly as quoted in my reservation. We had absolutely no problems with our vehicle throughout our more than 1K miles of driving.  Our drop-off experience was also seemless - no lines, hassle or hidden charges.  My only complaint is that the drop-off location in Vegas was a bit convenient and required two shuttle rides, but this minor inconvenience was well worth the hundreds of dollars that we saved!
3	I have used Fox rent a car her in Phoenix now on two separate occasions. If you are going for a bargain rental car, then that is what you are getting. The car selection is more limited and the "accommodations" are not a plush as others. But in my experience I have gotten in (although the wait line is normally longer than others), gotten my midget economy rental, gotten out, and gotten on with my trip.Nothing special up or down. Adequate to a tee.
1	I rented a vehicle from Fox in September and to now in November I'm dealing with the nightmare of fixing a charge on my credit card that was unauthorized.  I prepaid my vehicle through Southwest Airlines and Fox decides to charge me 400 to rent a compact vehicle for 3 days.  I think not.  I didn't agree to pay for any add ons. WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.  2 hours of back and forth with  third party reservation company and credit card company and FOX who has numbers that don't connect when you call.
1	After waiting in line for a full hour to pick up my car, the attendants were extremely rude. They were actually joking about how long the line was and how it must be frustrating to wait in such a long line. Upon returning the car, I left a jacket in the back seat. After making over a dozen calls to them only to be told they'd get back to me "within 2 business days" (they never did. Upon follow up, same "within 2 business days" line) I gave up dealing with them. I spend about 50% of my time traveling for work and have used many different rental car agencies. Saving the few dollars to rent with Fox Rent-A-Car is not worth the headaches. If I could give these guys 0 stars I would. Do yourself a favor and rent from anywhere else.
