1	I brought my son to this facility for an x-ray. First of all, the staff is not very organized nor professional. I waited for almost two hours and the funny thing is that when we showed up there were no patients at all. Every time I asked how much longer , I was told wait another 20minutes. I finally got up and left and needless to say my son didn't get an x-ray. I wouldn't recommend this facility to anyone.
1	Disappointed with sloppy billing department, poor error correctionI had a procedure done in January of 2014.  It was incorrectly coded as "infertility" leading my insurance company to deny it.  When i called AZ Tech Radiology asking them to resubmit the claim with corrected coding, I thought the matter was fixed.Then...two months later, I found that my bill had been submitted to collections for my failure to pay it.  This is a huge hassle for me, and it was based on THEIR initial error.
2	I like this building's location, centralized parking and thought out medical plan.  They have the Radiologists on the 1st Floor, Orthopedics on the 2nd Floor and Physical Therapists on the 3rd Floor.   As with any medical facility, you have to be assertive about your wishes and needs. I've found the front desk staff somewhat lacking in professionalism.  They're automatons processing paperwork and seem to have no connection with the Radiologists or assistants, who work the machinery in back. This seriously interrupts the time flow, and TIME IS THE TRUE CURRENCY OF LIFE! If I can't be seen, within a reasonable amount of time (say 30 minutes tops), I reschedule.  They do offer a van/car pickup service.The reception area is quite small and it doesn't take much to get crowded.  It offers the usual flat screen television and magazines.  What I especially love, since I'm claustrophobic, is that they offer two doors.  A lobby entrance and office exit/entrance. This allows me to quickly assess their patient flow.  If they're not doing it moving, I'll quickly reschedule and I'm outta there!In the back, I've found the Technicians professional and machinery up to date.   As a result,I the tests don't take long. Naturally they offer small changing rooms, lockers and bathrooms. I''ve had MRI's done by Hospitals before.  The front desk hassle here doesn't compare to the Hospital's, so grit yo teeth and bear it!
