4	On the 3rd Monday of every month, comes a special night to promote a local non-profit.  For $23 ($20 + service fee), a very special evening can be had.Held at The Vinyl, it's an intimate setting, small venue with a powerful presence.  Great talent can be seen here, a lot from live Vegas shows that happen to be dark on Mondays.  Thus, the name.  All this for a worthy cause.Bravo to Mark Shunock and team.  Well done.
5	Wow! This show really is as good as it gets!Thanks to your multi-talented host, Mark Shunock, who also plays the character Lonnie in the hit musical, "Rock of Ages".This show is scheduled on the 3rd Monday of every month up until December. It's purpose is to support a different local charity every month with a goal of raising at least 10,000 dollars.Tickets start at 20 dollars and are general admission, first come, first served type of format. If you ask me I think that is a great deal. What Mark showcases for about 90 minutes are various celebrities and known performers most especially locally from right here in sin city.On this night, January 20, the specific charity was for the NSPCA (Nevada Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals)From my recollection and not necessarily in any order, the entertainers for this night were Melody Sweets (From "Absinthe"), Scott Nevins (Comedian and Co-Host of the hit show  "World's Dumbest"), Jasmine Trias with Ben Stone (American Idol Finalist and Vegas Headliners), Travis Cloer (From "Jersey Boys"), Feliz Garcia and Martin Kaye (From the "Million Dollar Quartet"), Brandon Nix and Jason Oles (From "Rock of Ages"), Adrian Zmed (TV, Film, and Broadway Star), Cheaza (Star of "Peepshow"), and the cast of "Evil Dead, The Musical". Hats off to those performers that took time out of their busy schedule to help out in this great cause. That's right folks, these fine people donated their free time to raise money on this night. Not only were there talented people performing on stage, but from what I noticed, there were some celebs in the audience as well like the wild and crazy hypnotist, Anthony Cools, Magician Murray, and the whole cast of Raiding the Rock Vault.So if you get chance to watch this show, I highly recommend that you do for you will thoroughly be entertained! Plus you will feel better knowing that the money spent for your ticket will be going towards the 10,000 dollar charity donation goal! Of course when you attend, you can donate even more if you want. Thanks to Mark Shunock and his crew for putting on a monthly event to help out local charities.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #24
5	"Exceptional up close performances by top strip entertainers"This is one monthly event I can totally recommend. For a measly $20 that goes 100% to charity you get to see up front and close the A-LIST top artists who performs on the strip. Last time in June I saw performers from Rock of Ages Vegas, Jersey Boys, Mamma Mia, Jasmine Trias, BEN STONE, Million Dollar Quartet , Zowie Bowie is Chris Phillips, Raiding The Rock Vault, Bella Electric Strings, Lydia Ansel. The sound at Hard Rock's Vinyl lounge is amazing. You never know who shows up, but I look forward to the next one.
5	Monday's Dark with Mark Shunock may just be the most fun series of shows I have had the pleasure to attend in Las Vegas!  Mark, a performer in the great "Rock of Ages," each month assembles between 10 and 20 Las Vegas performers on their night off from their regular show to come together and put on a show for charity.  It's a different charity and a new theme each month.  Thus far, the theme's I have seen are boy bands, Broadway, Soul and Funk, and Classic Vegas...with Country music next up.  Each performer generally does 1 song each so there are no down points...with each performer doing their favorite song.  There will usually be a comic or magician at some point to break things up as well. Mark is a personable and down to earth host and the whole night just feels like a bunch of friends (including the audience) getting together to have some fun.  With no dressing rooms or backstage area, you ARE hanging and partying with the stars the whole time.  It's nothing but good feeling and great entertainment while helping out a deserving charity at the same time.  At only $20 a ticket, it is an amazing value....and you never know what big name celebrity might surprise with a quick performance to bring the house down.Monday's Dark is on the 3rd Monday of each month at the Hard Rock Casino on Paradise and Harmon and has become the night I look most forward to each month.  Highly recommend checking it out!!!
