3	It has become a must now every time i come to Vegas to hit this place up. not for the gambling but for the big slushy drinks which "You can add and extra shot for only $1". And yes i always cough up the extra $1. What else to go with the drink than a snack.. Freaking "Deep fried Twinkies". i never had any luck playing here, the place looks divey and the girls standing outside passing out beads seem old and tired but damn those deep fried twinkies keep me coming back.
3	Can you say "crack ho"???  This place is dirty, as in the pits of hell, but yet  oddly fun.  Yeah go for the footballs full of a slushed out watered down red drink.... if you can drink the whole thing you might get a buzz.. er or whats really in those drinks anyway?? Yeah this place is a bit on the shady side but you can always bet you will see "something" here.
3	This has to be 3.5. Ok so what I like about Mermaid's is the approach. It's old gaudy tacky Vegas. They have 2 girls outside bringing people in with drink coupons/raffle coupons/ and Mardi Gras Beads.I hate these beads. If beads are cheap their color rubs off on my neck so I look stupid! :( Mermaids is just a casino. Seen one slot seen em all....The bar doubles as a "slurpee station." If you read my review on Fat Tuesday's then you understand. They also only hire girl "bartenders" or 7-11 graduate. The funnest and trashiest part of Mermaids is their cutting edge cuisine. Next to Slots of Fun - they have great hotdogs. Chili cheese to their greek dog. But what sets them aside is thier deep fried twinkies dipped in batter and dusted with cocaine....err powdered sugar. Another experience to try is the deep fried oreos. Yu - MMY! So ultimate cheap meal with yer dinner drink of a yard - blue - red - green and white.
2	There's a snack bar in the back of Mermaids that sells two culinary masterpieces, in the same genre as the dearly departed Ho Dog: a deep fried Twinkie, and deep fried Oreos.  Both were covered in a thick layer of heavy batter.  The Oreos had a bit of chocolate flavor.  The Twinkie's creamy center helped enhance an otherwise nondescript piece of fried dough.  I was a little disappointed.  They were neither good enough nor bad enough to be memorable.
5	It's nice to see that as much as Las Vegas tries to create some bizarre family-friendly image, there are still places like Mermaids that remain vigilant in the face of opposition. This is the antithesis of "family fun". It's dirty, it's rough around the edges and the kitchen(?) serves nothing more costly than $3. Lots of slot machines, beer, and fried twinkies, that's all you need when you show up there, and that's all you'll get.
1	No wonder I never came to downtown Las Vegas. It sucked. My husband and I decided to come here and try their famous deep fried oreos and twinkies. They were ok but I don't think we wil be going back for seconds. We heard so many rave reviews from people so we thought we had to check it out. NOT... I am not returning to this place. This place is dirty and reminds me of Reno. There was a bunch of people there that looked like they were smoking crack... Totally not my kind of scene. The snack bar serves cheap food so I guess that is what keeps those crack heads coming --cheap food and cheap drinks.
1	Waited in line for a deep-fried Oreo, to be greeted by a disgruntled employee-- "WHACHU WAWNT?" "Uh, deep fried Oreo?" "You TWENNIE ONE? You got EYE DEE?" "Er, yes." [shows ID]"Aight."Got a hot dog thrown in my general direction(not for me, someone else's), paid my 99 cents, and thought I would high tail it out of there! But I kept getting stuck behind creepy Downtown Vegas crackhead-lookin' people. Oh God, I need out!Needless to say, those Oreos weren't worth walking all the way to the back of this hellhole for. God bless Fremont Street.
5	This place is fucking great and anyone who says otherwise is a pretentious a-hole that hates shitty beer and the smell of 3 day old fried food.  I often thought to myself while eating a twinkie - "I've had enough of this god damn rabbit food - there HAS to be some way to make it tastier and get rid of all of the tree-hugging hippie healthiness of it."  It looks like the good people at Mermaid's have solved this problem for me by offering a deep-friend twinkie for only 99 cents!There are no table games here, but table games are for losers.  The REAL action is in video poker and slots.  I have hit 4 aces on their video poker machine both times I have been there, and then subsequently lost my winnings at other casinos chasing that high.  I will never quite get there, but I will never stop trying.  Mermaid's has the best price on Fremont street for the gourmet specialty drink "football full of beer".  You have the choice of either Icehouse or Miller high Life.  I recommend getting one of each so that you don't leave with any regrets.  If you're not "down" for the football sized beverage, you can have any kind of off-brand mixed drink brought to your seat by a cocktail waitress not wearing a uniform who seems to want to take her own life. All in all - Mermaid's is a must visit when you're on Fremont Street.  Get a fried twinkie, a couple of footballs, hit 4 aces, and feel good about the fact that you can come and go as you please and don't have to wait for the end of your shift.
4	I won $14 on penny slots, had a super strong vodka cran served by a 'seen better days' cocktail waitress, and enjoyed a 99 cent deep friend oreo. It's not a high rolling come to be seen kind of place. It's stinky, it's smokey, it's dirty, and it's awesome.
5	My boyfriend and I visited Fremont Street 2/16/08 -- 2/17/08The drinks here were so weak, we hardly tasted any alcohol. The boyfriend decides to ask if we could get shots. They said yes! Their shots are about half the plastic cup full! We got hammered! My advice, cut to the chase and ask for shots. AVOID their cheap almost non-alcoholic cocktails.We did not try any of their snack bar itemsI popped a quarter into the machine right by where the waitressess get drinks and won 25 bucks ;)
4	Mermaids is very simple: cheap slots, cheap drinks, cheap eats. The not-quite-showgirls in faux Carmen Miranda getups passing out cheap carnival beads and free spin coupons at the main entrance may seem to promise more, but that's all there is. And really, what else is necessary?The cheap slots are just about wall-to-wall. The cheap drinks are about what you'd expect: mixed drinks are weak on alcohol, shots and cocktails will just about knock you out. There's also the ever popular football full of beer, if you want. And the food! The food is amazing, in weird and wonderful ways. There is a Nathan's hotdogs hidden in the back corner of the place. Along wih their usual fare they offer fried Oreos and fried Twinkies. Not the best choice of nutrition but that's part of the novelty, right? Nothing I saw on their menu was more than $3. The Twinkies and Oreos are 99 cents. The cheap and greasy eats and slots attract a crowd that's also cheap and greasy, along with a few folks who just appreciate the cheap and the greasy. I fall into the last group and I love hitting Mermaid's whenever I'm downtown.
3	I came to downtown because i heard about the "Fremont Street Experience" and wanted to see what it was about. Mermaids has large picture ads all over Fremont Street for their 99 cent hot dogs, deep fried twinkies/oreos, chocolate dipped bananas, and margaritas. after watching the light show on the world's largest projection canopy, i went into Mermaid's for a deep fried twinkie. i'd never had one before and since it was only 99 cents i figured it would be ok if i didn't like it since i wouldn't have wasted as much money as if i would've tried it at the Orange County Fair.. so i waited in line a total of 10 minutes, there weren't many people in line but there was only one person taking the orders and filling them.the twinkie was actually decent, it basically just reminded me of a doughnut with extra powdered sugar and some chocolate sprinkles.the casino is smoke-filled and kind of old, but it's not the worst i've seen.+ almost everything is cheap- smells of cigarettes
4	Gotta give this place four stars, it accomplishes its mission very well.A tip:  Enter the side door facing Fremont Street if you wish to avoid the gals at the front door giving away beads.  I didn't go to Mermaid's for the gaming, but for the deep fried Twinkies and some pork byproducts on a bun.  Pig lips and assholes, actually.  With sauerkraut and onions on top.The employees at the Nathan's stand were friendly and helpful, although they were missing some key teeth.   Many of the patrons were missing key teeth as well.The deep-fried Twinkie is something to behold.  You must try one if you're ever in the neighborhood.  Better than anything you could obtain at a State fair anywhere in this fine country of ours.  The snouts were good as well.
3	Next time in Vegas, make sure to hit up the Fremont Street Experience.  And while you're there, you're bound to see the signs: 99cent deep fried twinkie.  99cent deep fried oreos.  99cent hot dogs.You're not going to find this on the strip.  Take a look at the pic I uploaded of the twinkie.  But seriously...buy ONE and share between two or three people.  If each of you orders two for yourself (like what I saw while I was there) I'm going to feel sick...oh and shake off some of that powder too.  we're not going snowboarding here.
5	One of my favorite spots in downtown!! Where else can you drop $8 and walk out with 2 nathans hot dogs, 1 deep fried twinkie, 1 deep fried oreo and the 1 football beer!! The pretty ladies in the front either lay you or bead you when you walk in as well. The slots are fun if your into getting wasted on drinks and playing pennies or nickels. The cheap food is definitely where its at for me and next door is the cheesy souvenir store as well as the Gultch. Downtown Las Vegas is where its at!.
4	Didn't spend a lot of time here. I had a whiskey sour that I had gotten for free from another casino. It was about noontime and I was purchasing the fried Twinkie and fried Oreo (what else?). They were both good and well worth the 99 cents, but they did not go well at all with a whiskey sour. It was almost a culinary episode from hell, but I managed to keep it real.I tried a drink my friends got here later, and it was pure rocket fuel. They had purchased one of the 1//2 yard containers made with Everclear, and then apparently added another "shot" of Everclear to whatever they bought. They both thought it tasted like a normal drink, but um yeah, they probably weren't sober.Yes, this place is *sigh* just a casino, so if you're looking for an overpriced shopping mall, the Strip is for you. This scene is not for everyone, though, so if the ridiculously strong drinks and fried Twinkies are not appealing, not much of a reason to go here.
4	Only been here twice, but each visit never left me disappointed. My friends and I had fun playing their nickel slots and we LOVE their daquiris. My favorite is their Brain Freeze. Beware their daquiris, whatever the flavor may be, are creepers. Moreso if you add an extra shot to them. Beats downing shots though! They also sell fried twinkies and oreos, which I have yet to try.
4	this place is always on our list of things to do downtown(where the actions at) ...it is a small casino packed with action...a good scene to observe...tourists and locals, yukkin it up, getting hopped up on cheap drinks...(football beers and high octane yards) and great snacks....live a little and have the deep fried oreos,twinkies and one of several hot dog variations.....nothing stuffy about this place....ive seen pimps, ho's, bro's and an assortment of drunks...all getting along....everyone needs a little mermaid in there life!
4	3.75- this is solely based on the food, and has nothing to do with the casinoWent to the Fremont exp. in downtown Las Vegas last weekend and was craving a "lite" snack before dinner.  As we walked by all the casinos, they were advertising their specials ($8.95 prime rib, $9.99 surf and turf, etc...).  What really got my eye though- fried twinkies and fried oreos!  I had meant to try this at the San Diego County (er Del Mar) Fair this year, but didn't have room after my Mexican funnel cake.  The best part- these deep fried goodies were only $1.  SCORE!So we walked into the casino and went straight to their eatery.  It was cool, they had a good variety of frozen drinks as well, but we were on a mission for deep fried goodness.  We walk up to the counter, and ask for a deep fried twinkie and oreo.  The guy tells us they are just about to close and that all they have are twinkies.  We're CRUSHED.  The man working behind the counter looks at my wife though and changes his mind, and puts down a fresh batch for us.  Word up hombre.So the addage goes that deep fried anything is good, right?  You damn straight.  We tried the twinkie first, and were pleasanlty surprised.  Both my wife and I thought this was MUCH BETTER than we anticipating, and really enjoyed the deep fried, cream filled goodness.  As for the oreos, the man gave us 3, and they were pretty gooey as well, but still sweet and tasty.If you're looking for "carnival food", and are downtown Vegas, check this place out, you'll get your fill fo sho.  At $1 a piece the twinkies and oreos alone make the trip to Fremont worth it.
2	This is the place that first started serving fried Oreos and Twinkies in Las Vegas. This is also the place that has scantily clad women in front handing out beads. This is a slot machine only type of casino that we walked in and out of because it smelled of the same skanky oil it smelled like when I was last here about 3.5 years ago.
5	5 stars just for the deep fried twinkie and oreos. If I could, I'd give you a billion stars just for that (and because those deep fried things are a billion calories alone).
2	This is where I come to get my Carnival fix.  And by Carnival, I'm not talking about Brazilian samba dancers and colorful outfits.  I'm talking Carnies (Circus Folk. Nomads, you know. Smell like cabbage. Small hands).Mermaids provides the ultimate in carnival eating.  Hot dogs dressed eight different ways, chocolate dipped bananas, and the Holy Grail of Carinval Fare: the Fried Oreo a/k/a White Trash Beignets.  These 99 cent gems are smothered in powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles, and pair well with cheap alcohol.Speaking of cheap alcohol, this place doesn't disappoint.  24oz Icehouse drafts for a buck, and plenty of those frozen knock-out drinks for the ladies.  The top shelf liquors here are some of the most obscure brands you'll ever see, and probably cheaper than the crap in the well at your local dive bar.  Classy!The entertainment at Mermaids is phenomenal.  I've never seen a live band or anything, but one day I saw some chickenhead singing/slurring Rick Springfield hits while pounding on a poker machine.  Another time this chick went apeshit nuts when she thought her boyfriend/pimp stole her bucket of pennies.  Yeah, every time I come to Vegas and I don't come to Mermaids, I friggen kick myself.
3	Carnival in a casino.   I had walked by this place for years but never dared enter inside since it's a casino which only consists of 'one-armed bandits.'  Slot Machines - for all those who don't understand the lingo.    Anyways, one of my friends saw the glowing LCD display advertisement on  Mermaids which shows a pretty girl consuming a fried twinkie - from which you see then nothing but the cream filling from the twinkie around her lips as she gives off a gleaming smile.     hahaa!  *suggestive?*          Well it tempted my friend to grab me by the arm as she pulled me inside.    "noooooo!"   Place was pretty trashy as perceived.    Loud colored carpet and loud, shameless tank-topped patrons from the mid-west.     'hey, lil ole brotha!' (in a deep throaty baritone)   We made our way straight to the back where they serve their artery clogging foods.      My friend ordered the fried Oreos and fried Twinkies.  I ordered the 99 cent hot dog,   just to see what 99 cents would buy me.  To be honest -  it was THE BEST 99 cent hot dog I ever had.   They are very generous with the sauerkraut  and I slathered on the yellow mustard.      So good - I had to go back and order another one!     I grudgingly took a little bite out my friend's fried Twinkie - delicious as well.    But when I think of how horrible it is for you body -  disgusting!   Anyways, it was an interesting experience.    I'm glad my friend pulled me in the casino, as I violated one of my own rules by avoiding Mermaids in the first place:   'free yourself from the imprisonment of preconceived notions.'
5	I LOVE this place. I always hit this place up when I am in Vegas. I'm not a fan of the food but my friends love the crap. I am a fan of always winning cash money when I am there. Never walked out with at least $50 more then I went in with. The drinks are plentiful - the waitresses are quick and my drinks never have fun out. It is such fun to still have the smelly change cling cling out of the machine when you win too. It is a DIVE I love it love it LOVE IT.... I ill see you in a week Mermaids.
3	99c hot dogs / chilli cheese fries/ deep fried oreo / deep fried twinkie /...just had some last night and honestly you cant beat the price at all. the twinkies were great and a nice end to a long crazy weekend.
4	wow, wow, wow. i'm coming back!when i heard we were stopping by here for some deep fried twinkies and/or oreos, i was about to die. heart attack in a bite, is what that sounded like. so i went straight for the bar instead. i ask the lady for the 1/2 yard filled with jack n coke. she asks if i want it regular or strong. without a doubt i say strong. she then gives some white trash attitude about not giving lame 2 dollar tips. i'm thinking in my head, ok, is three bucks enough then?! cuz when you ask like that, you're not gonna get much......then i see her pouring in some ice......then the jack......and she did not stop!!!!!shit was filled almost to the brim with jack. then she passes by asking if we wanted coke... um yeah please! i don't want to die tonight, mind you it was about 2 in the afternoon.i shared this lovely concoction with 3/4 people, and suffice to say, we didn't finish it by the time we decided to "take a break" around 8 before we headed out later that night for some real partying/gambling/madness. what i love about the 1/2 yards is that when you return to you hotel/time share, you can refill the thing with whatever you like before you head out again.and yes, i gave her more than 3 bucks for tip. did i mention it was only 16 bucks for a 1/2 yard?! on the strip, that shit's easily 25.oh, we ended up buying some deep fried oreos, i took a bit, and i didn't have a heart attack. it actually tasted like funnel cake with oreos, mmm.
2	I came in this place to grab some of their cheap munchies they have advertised on the outside with banners. 99 cent deep fried oreos & twinkies, plus hotdogs & margaritas.This place is packed with gungry drunks trying to save a buck. The angry cook told me it would be 20 minutes before they could get to my twinkie so i just got the 99 cents hot dog-Nathan's brand supposedly. Well I scarfed down the little hotdog which had no snap & most certainly wasn't like any Nathans hotdog I've ever eaten. Finally I got my fried twinkie and it was covered in chocolate sprinkles and powdered sugar, I knew I'd need a beer to wash this hot son of a b--- down. Corona for $2. The twinkie was a sugar rush! The freaky old ladies in costume trying to intice people in to gamble are gonna be in my nightmares for ages. Not mermaids of any sort but carnival people really. This place is so small I didnt notice it was a casino, it has the bar & snack bar along the one wall & you barely notice the machines. Really a dive spot downtown.
1	Yes, I came in because of the deep fried twinkies and deep fried oreos.  I can admit this.  I was curious.  The place stinks but I waited in line at the Nathan's counter and finally got to the front and the gal said the fryer wouldn't be up for a half-hour.  Walk around the rest of the "experience", watch the light show, and then go back, and get some fried.  Frankly, both things were disappointing - the oreo was just mushy and I barely tasted any chocolate.  The twinkie was odd - I didn't get the twinkie flavor either, and just barely tasted any of the creme filling.  Certainly no need to ever repeat this taste, and the unfriendly staff both inside and outside the casino help reinforce the lack of return visit.
2	Ah, the lure of mardi gras beads being passed out by the gussied-up showgirls standing out front was enough to draw me inside this small casino on Fremont St.  They have slots only....no table games that I saw.  In the back is some kind of snack bar (maybe a Nathan's Hot Dog stand - can't remember) where they sell deep fried twinkies and oreos.  Sounds gross to me, but having never tried one I'll reserve judgment until after I've had the experience, if I ever get up the nerve.I did order a hot dog (I was drunk) from the cracked-out tweaker behind the counter.  Geez, what was I thinking?  The 2 or 3 tables were absolutely filthy, as was the adjoining men's room.  I guess this is all part of the FS "experience".  I suppose it could be fun if you are totally inebriated with a group of friends, but it really is a dump.
4	Ok, I got suckered in, by the girls outside dressed up in flashy costume and handing out beads. How can I say no? If that wasn't enough, the 99cent deals on deep friend twinkies, oereos, chocolate dipped bananas, and margaritas sure was good bait. This was not my first time in Fremont street, so I walk in a was not surprised by the atmosphere. Very gritty feel. Raw and real Vegas right here. Walk straight to the bar and inquire about the 99cent margaritas. They are in those small, maybe 5-6oz cups. There are several flavors to pick from though, where as the ones on the strip are only strawberry or regular lemon/lime. Same size cups as well, but again they had over 5 different flavors to pick from. The huge difference though was the strength of these drinks. Here the drinks are actually strong. You can definitely taste the alcohol, and you will feel it creep up later. So buy 2 or 3 and you'll definitely feel a buzz.Grabbed a 99 cent chocolate dipped banana as well. The banana seems to be chilled and the chocolate dip is melted and fresh. They will dip it as you order it, and because of how cold the banana is it will harden the chocolate. Then toss some nuts on there, and there ya go. Hard to beat the prices on cheap snacks and a cheap buzz. But if you are use to lavish and grande casinos you will probably hate this place. It's not the cleanest and the friendliest and some might even find it intimidating, but if you don't mind all that, you'll probably enjoy it here.
4	If you want to eat cheap and get drunk..this is the place.  I swear the waitresses were competing with each other to get you drunk.  I actually had to toss a couple beers because multiple girls were bringing them to me.  I liked it!
4	Last week, I went to a restaurant in NY and they had deep fried Oreos for $8 bucks and I thought to myself, "I'll go to Mermaids next week and get some."  The draw for me is the $1 deep fried twinkies and $1 deep fried Oreos.  They have more $1 food offerings, but these are the only two I've tried.  So good...
3	I too came here for the deep fried happiness.Waited an hour (was quoted 30 minutes) for the goods, and I was kinda disappointed.  Their twinkie was pretty good, but the Oreos were way too thick on the coating.  I could barely taste the cookie.I'm certain I've reduced my life expectancy by 5-10 years, but you only live once.
5	Came here again for my deep fried twinkie and oreos. The fryer wasn't ready yet so I decided to play the penny slots to kill some time. Hey that's 100 credits for $1. That should last me a while!Good thing I did though. I put in $2 and played twice at 25 lines at 1 play each (25 cents each bet). The first 25 cents I didn't win anything. The second 25 cents won me $50!!! Not a bad return!And when I finished gambling and collected my earnings, the fryer was ready and I got my deep fried goodies.
4	I LOVE TWINKIES and OREOS!!!! and its only .99 cent that cheap. I got to say though I like the fried Oreo's better than twinkies maybe a 2nd time around I might like it better.
5	This maybe the greatest place in Vegas. Deep Fried Twinkies and Oreos.....MMMMMMM. Not to mention the atmposhere here was awesome...everyone have fun and friendly. It was more like a party than a casino...but if you go on Saturday nite be ready to wait in a line for the twinkies and oreo, but sooooooooooooooooo worth it.
5	Fun place to get  a drink and grab a snack, good slots and there is always action here.  GOOD TIME
5	Oh yeah! Nothing says good loving like deep fried loving!  YUMMMMMM!!!! Gotta to say for .99 the deep fried Oreo's and Twinkies is the best! Wished they'd have some assorted deep fried candy bars, but then again who am I to complain? I'm just happy they happen to have my favorite cookie deep fried! Which tasted like a warm doughnut  hole with a Oreo center! The Twinkie's was a bit of the same, a warm doughnut with the familiar Twinkie taste we all love!  Enjoy!
3	I thought I was a sucker for a $.99 cent hot dog served up with a side of DEEP FRIED Twinkie and Oreo's. It sounded even better with an Ice Cold beer. My stomach disagreed.Immediately I waddle back to my hotel and lie on the bed.  Right when I'm about to fall asleep my stomach always picks the right time to have a conversation.My Stomach, " WHY? Love WHY?  grrrrble errr brrgg brrrgg What have you done? grblgrblgrbl brrggg brrggg gurgle gurgle gurgle"Me, " Look, I make sacrifices for you. You think I like eating salads all the damn time? Grow up. Take one for the team. We're in this together."My Stomach, " You're a bitch. grrglr grrglr"Me, "I'm sorry, I promise we won't go back for at least a year. Now get some rest, we'll deal with this in the morning."My Stomach, " Grrgl grrr grrr, You wanna mess with me huh? I'm not waiting till the morning."Me, " Quiet down, you'll wake the neighbors."As I run to the bathroom, the other half walks in the hotel room, "Smells Funkay?"My Stomach, " She wanted to wait till the morning but I'm calling the shots now. Team this."Me, "Oh it's on now, pass me the menu, I want to order room service."My Stomach," And you wanted to fit into your bikini by summer? Ha, Fat chance Fatty."Me," Okay you win, we'll get those abs by summer, no more deep fried twinkies."
1	OK, Deep fried Twinke.  This is why we went in.  I've never tried this but always wanted to.  We go into this place, walked around and was wondering where the damn twinkes were.  It was mixed into the super dirty Nathans hot dog area.  I mean dirty looking(I rather go the a ecoli dog person).  As we ordered the guy behind the counter must have been tired becuase he went right to the fridge and got a red bull.  He then tried to open the can with his mouth only cuase he had gloves on, since he couldn't open it, he then opened it with his hands and gloves.  Now infecting his gloves with any spit that might have got on the can.  He did down the can!  Anywho, I looked past that and ordered up the fried twinkie.  I of course shared it.  Twinkie itself  had way too much batter or something cuase thats all I tasted.  After a couple bites each, we threw the sucker away. So, two people, two small bites and both didn't like it.  And yes, I love fried food so it wasn't that.The casino itself was also super dirty.  Dirty restrooms too.  There were no tables there and maybe 75 slots.
1	I go here whenever I happen to make it downtown only because my husband is looking to have a heart attack before age 35.  He loves the deep fried twinkies this place sells.  I however think this has got to be the dirtiest places you could grab a snack.  You can smell the greese from the street, and I'm not sure that is a good thing.The small cafe in back sells only a few items like soda and hot dogs.  You can also get deep fried oreos and chocolate dipped bananas.  The last time I went there, my order of only one item, was wrong.  Pretty hard to screw up one item.  The bar sells giant booze slurpies in football shaped cups which are pretty cool, but at about 18 bucks seem kind of on the high side.  I couldn't taste any liquor in mine and my friends red drink coated her intestines so deep, later on she thought she had mortally wounded her guts.  By-the-way, cash only.I won't even bother with the slot machines here.  There might be a few new ones up near the front but most are still coin machines.  God forbid your machine gets jammed because no one will help you.  I had to ask two cocktail girls to grab someone, twice went up the cage for help and still had to wait more than twenty minutes for someone to come fill the hopper, just so I could take my bucket back to the cage.  You can find a nicer place to play and I say eat at your own risk.
5	This place is grimy as hell, but I loved it. Some guy asked if we wanted to buy cocaine. The cocktail waitress brought me two beers at once because I'm Chinese like her sister in law. I kept winning on the penny slots and the ringing and lights were enough to excite me. Overall, I think those factors are what Vegas is all about - grimy, drunk and fun.
1	Time is not a friend to this casino.  I had a friend in town that was craving a deep fried twinkie, so against my better judgement we came here.  They ran out of twinkies and deep fried oreos, when I tried to order one.  My husband got his because he beat us to the line.  My friend tried to play a slot machine and when she went to cash out the machine could not print a ticket for her own damn money.  Not a win or a jackpot, they had to hand pay her her own money.  It took forever and by-the-way it was less than one hundred bucks.  Such a ghetto place I swear.
3	I'm torn about this place. The "Mermaid" girls out front are pretty grotesque and I'm still confused as to why management feels they will attract, rather than repel, customers. Nevertheless, they offer the infamous deep-fried Twinkies and Oreos. They are delish! The place is crowded with douche-bags in their mardi gras beads and the drinks are mixed with rubbing alcohol. It isn't a hotel, so it closes at midnight. Here is the strategy: go in, close your eyes, feel your way to the back and order a Twinkie. Leave the same way.
4	My favorite place on Fremont street.  It's not fancy like the newer casinos, but it has the old vegas feel.  They sell drinks by the yard.  It's great!  The strawberry is 151 rum and strawberry...ask for an extra shot!  That stuff will creep up on you!  I love running around putting quarters in the slot machines.  And when you win, quarters fall out of the machine!  Not those silly tickets that the new casinos have.  There's just something about the sound that makes me :-)
3	There is only one reason to go into this dump and that is for the Deep Fried Oreos.The girls in front are scary, the machines are old and you have to use and recieve coins which are filthy and gross.Make your way all the way to the back (trying not to touch anything on the way) and just past the bar order up a 99 cent hot dog and an order of deep fried oreos.
5	their 1/2 yards have gone up a dollar, but not down in quality, yesssss.so we got a different bartender this time around, and i was sad b.c i thought we weren't going to get a strong drink. boy was i wrong!! i guess all the bartenders here are awesome!!i asked for a jack and ginger ale, and boy did i get my money's worth.and don't pass up the fried goodness! it may be bad for you, but then again, you are in vegas, and what good will you get done here?!
3	Ok, so NO this is not the WYNN or Caesars, for that matter, but it is a cute little joint with friendly cocktail waitresses yearning to make a dolla and get you drunk so you holla....hee hee...I love going to mermaids, they have updated poker machines the last time we went we played for almost 3 hours with 20 bucks..and had so much fun...another time I played just 5 dollars and won 40 so not bad at all...we always stop by here everytime we go to the downtown area and we always have so much fun....IF you want to get buzzed OR  S-faced drunk stop by here and the lovely cocktail waitresses WILL take care of ya....
5	this place was awesome. nice and cheap. there drinks were really strong and service was grade a top choice. threw some money on the tables and i was out of there.
5	Its all about the deep fried Oreo's.....!
4	This place is so awesomely bad, it's great!Friendly waitresses constantly checking on you.  Big frosty drinks served in football glasses, Nathan's hot dogs, deep fried twinkies, loose slots.... does it get any better?...and the crowd that goes here is friendly.  People actually talk to each other here.  Not that I'm saying the casino's on Vegas Blvd are bad, but this one has much more personality.The only bad side....the slots still pay in nickles, unless you win big.  Then you'd have to wait for an attendant to come around & pay you.Letter grade:  A-
4	So, I think the fact that some of my friends come here weekly means that the service we got was a little different. All the waitresses knew my two boys, so I knew we'd be in for a good time. At one time, we had drink orders in with three different waitresses, and we weren't gambling at all. We werent even pretending to.Drinks arent well made, but for the sheer volume and speed with which they come, it's a "cheap place to get your drink on," as my friend said. Definitely an interesting flipside from my stay at the Wynn.
4	Curiosity brought me here, and now I go back every once in a while.  The normal order for us is usually fries, deep fried oreos and deep fried Twinkies.  I don't really care for the Twinkies, but LOVE the oreos!  You definitely shouldn't eat these all the time, but if you're in the area it's worth the walk through the tiny casino.
4	Yeah so it's a dump but its fun and  thats what going to Vegas is about fun. I go there everytime I go to Vegas.
3	What drew me in to this place a couple of times this past weekend in here, was 1. free beads (when I'm drunk anything shiny and free seems to do the trick) 2. 99 cent cheap deep fried junk food.  (aka: Twinkies/Oreo's) so I didn't eat everything on the menu, only 1 order of oreo's cause my curiosity was challenged. I've been to numerous carnivals and fairs and have refused to pay $5 for that crap. But I thought hey if I think they are disgusting I can throw them away guilt free. I purchased my 99 cent deep fried oreo's and had to wait by this really drunk guy that was slobbering and yelling... lol, but got my order and dived in.. Not at all what I was expecting.. I really thought the oreo's would be soaked by the oil, but no.. it was like eating a donut with a dry oreo in the inside.. weird.. I only had a few bites and threw most of it away... Hey I tried it and I'm still alive..
4	get yer lottery ticket & beads from the hot showgirls at the door & have a great hot dog.  very cool, original, gimmicky . they have like 6 kinds of hot dogs & great cheap desserts(fried twinkie & oreos).  if yer broke, this is a nice pit stop. i enjoy going here , but stay on guard due to some shady guests. it's not always this seedy/shady, but sometimes , especially late nite, it's very shady.  you could take yer 'ol lady here in the daytime. for people who love coin dispensing slots, that's what they got(no voucher slots).
4	Mermaid's A true Fremont Street staple! I don't think I have EVER been downtown without stoping in here. It's usually later in the evening during my quest for something to eat. The deep fried Twinkies are delectable, but hard to come by. Why are they ALWAYS out of Twinkies?? I picture the guy running the joint, "Hmmm today I will order 23 Twinkies, yeah, 23, that will be enough, don't want to order too many, 23 Twinkies for today will be good." WTF man? Get some more Twinkies! So moral of that story is Early Patron gets the deep fried Twinkie! So now that I don't have a Twinkie I've probably been in here about 5 minutes, let see, do a little mental math, yeah I've probably had at least 3 drinks by now. If you took a shower this week and have most of your teeth, the wait staff will descend on you like flies on shit with more free drinks than you can or should handle. Okay great, 'cause I like drinks and more than drinks I like free drinks, but the booze in these things, well I already know it doesn't come from a glass bottle....from the taste I'm guessing they have an alcohol secreting goat in the back. Who knows, hey it's free right? So yeah, the hot dogs are good, most of the people are friendly. I usually wind up talking to some random tourists in the food area, that's always a hoot. Why not 5 stars? Whew, this place isn't too friendly to the olfactory organ, but don't let that ruin your quest for free booze!
1	There's a way to say "No, we can't service you" nicely.  This establishment hasn't figured it out. I walked by with my 4 1/2 year old (Hello, little girls love mermaids due to Disney) while the ladies dressed as mermaids were handing out beads.  We were rudely told we weren't welcome.  I asked "Can I have a brochure? What if I want to come back when I don't have my kiddo?" There answer.  "NO. You can't. These are for our customers." I'm still explaining to my daughter why the mermaid ladies were so mean.  You can be sure I'll never step foot inside..kid or no kid.  I understand there are laws prohibiting promoting gambling to minors but it is necessary to be rude in front of an innocent child.  What lessons are we teaching? Vegas just isn't kid friendly.
4	Ghetto.  Really ghetto.  But fun!  You get to use real quarters on the machines.  So, yeah ... you get your fingers black but who cares, it's more exciting and involved.  And yes, your machine will likely run out of quarters -- but again, it's exciting when you win and see that endless pouring of quarters. The reality is that I came here to try their fried twinkies and oreos.  OMG ... okay, twinkie is bread on bread -- too much.  Something you want to try once but you'll probably only be able to just take one bite.  Also, the oreos are awesome.  But insanely rich.  I preferred it over the twinkie but you'll want to try it once every 10 years.  People here are ghetto ... mostly locals getting crazy drunk -- but it proved to be entertaining for the one hour I was there before returning to the strip.  =)
4	I'm giving this 2-3 star place 4 stars because of how great the deep fried oreos and twinkees were.  To be honest I don't eat either one of these "foods" ever and they were great.  I only went here because No Reservations showed it and Tony looked happy while eating them.  He's right.  This casino itself is really dirty and old and didn't seem like a place you'd want to gamble at.  Its a place you end up after you were wasted and have no idea how you got there.  It's all part of the freemont experience and I loved it.
4	I was walking around the Downtown Vegas area when I saw all the signs for deep fried oreos and twinkies for 99 cents!  Way cheaper than the fair!  Like everyone else said, the oreos are much better than the twinkies.  They use some kind of pancake batter to coat them with and stick them in a vat of oil.  You get three oreos or one twinkie on a stick for 99 cents each - both are covered in powdered sugar and sprinkles.  They also have other 99 cent deals like plain hot dogs and margaritas, which I didn't get.  What a great deal!  The rest of the place is small and kinda dirty.
4	I never thought you could get deep fried Twinkies anywhere but the fair. So when i saw the sign that said deep fried Twinkies, my face lit up with a huge smile. As i go in and walk towards the back, i hear a noise that i haven't heard in forever, i hear actual coins coming out of the machines and falling into those little plastic tubs. Ahh, the nostalgia. So i finally walk up to the place and order my food and what does my fat ass see, a sign for deep fried Oreos, Nathans Hot Dog, and Chocolate Dipped Banana all for .99 cents each. WHOOHOO! I felt like i just won the jackpot.. So the bf, bff, and i order 3 hot dogs, 2 deep fried Twinkies, 2 Chocolate Dipped Bananas, and 1 order of  deep friend Oreos all for about $8.00 or so. WTHeck! All that for about  $8.00! Cause i swear when i went to the fair i paid close to $10.00 for an order of deep fried Twinkies and an order of Oreos. Everything tasted SO YUMMY! I wanted to go back there everyday that i was in Vegas, but i'm not sure my poor heart could handle all that deep fried goodness. This place is pretty ghetto and dirty, but what do you expect when your in old downtown Vegas. Mermaids, i just want to you to know that i heart you!
4	Nathan's Hot Dogs and Deep Fried Oreos!!!!  Everyone should stop by here just for the laugh factor (see Amazon.com's "Three wolves and moon T Shirt" reviews) and to play the penny slots.  Walked out with a a buck fitty more than I walked in with and the same in cholesterol points.
4	The bad about this place is it's a total dive, the good thing about this place it's a total dive! There's no table games, only slots and some surely seedy raffle game that goes on. You are greated at the door by some ridiculous costumed girls and are typically ID'd by them as well on the way in. Overall a total dive casino with real coins in the slot machines! A Vegas jaunt to get away from the strip and to slum it a bit.
4	So my journey began two years ago when I was in Greenwich Village during a street fair and saw a trailer selling funnel cakes and deep- fried Oreos. Oh no, I couldn't. But oh yes, I did, and all of a sudden, there was a tray full of those tempura-looking Oreos ready to pop into my mouth in record time. Then a few months ago, I saw Anthony Bourdain on his Vegas episode of "No Reservations". There he was in Mermaid's devouring a deep-fried Oreo and loving it.A few weeks after that, I saw Kathy Griffin on her D-List show taking Bette Midler to the same place where they had the same thing and actually looked like they enjoyed it. Finally, this past weekend, Jamie W. and I found ourselves at the Fremont Street Experience and made a beeline to Mermaid's where we had to squeeze ourselves around the multitude of slot machines. In the back next to the restroom is not an upscale Michael Mina restaurant. Oh no, it is a sea of deep frying oil with a queue of people waiting to see what will come out of it.Jamie and I ordered a couple of deep-fried Twinkies for 99 cents each and a trio of deep-fried Oreos for another 99 cents (see photos). They were buried in powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles. Every time I lifted one up, an avalanche of sugar landed on my jacket. Was it all worth the journey? Hell yeah. There must be something about all those encrusted chemicals melted by the heat because they were delicious in a God-knows-this-is-bad-for your-body kind of way.FOOD - 4 stars...deep fry anything, and you have me at helloAMBIANCE - 2 stars....oh my dear, it's an absolute pit with no apologiesSERVICE - 3.5 stars...they serve them up fastTOTAL - 4 stars...so what the hell else are you gonna do for the hour between the video shows up on the canopy?
4	It had to be done.One deep fried twinkie, 99 cents.Three deep fried oreos, 99 cents. My rule of thumb is that any restaurant that needs to advertise itself in big gaudy lights isn't worth going to, but there are exceptions. You know, for the kitsch.Of these two items ordered, my vote goes to the oreos. But the big winners were the enthusiastic bantering folks working that counter. Unlike the whithered gamblers staring soulessly at the endless blinking machines that slowly suck their money and dreams away, the people working the fryers and cash register seemed high in morale and rich in quips to each other and their patrons.
3	Okay so i felt compelled to leave a review for this place, not for the twinkies, or the Oreos, but for the sweet deal on Liqour. So from the street you see the entry-way of this dive and you see two 6 foot tall swamp donkeys in what looks like some special bed sheet showgirl outfits, But just above the goddy head pieces these "monsters" are wearing you see a glistening rectangle of lights telling you to come get a football of beer, or your favorite blended drink for $6.00. Now, those of you who have not seen these, "Footballs", that is exactly what they are. 52oz of ice cold impairment. The first time you buy one it ends up costing you $12 for beer and $14 for blended drinks but when you go back for a refill the $6 deals begin. The 55 year old woman behind the counter greets you with the farah faucet look serving you up your drink while attempting to flirt a few more cents into the tip Jar. All i have to say is remember your football next time you come down to the experience other wise the trunk of your car begins to look like a young P.E. teachers ball bag. Everytime I have been in this place filling up my ball, I smell the grease ball snack bar in the corner, sorry to the oreo lovers but it smells like old oil and you walk out of there smelling like a teenager leaving the obyss of deep fryers after picking up the bi-weekly paycheck.
2	Soooo glad there isn't a hotel here!  I would be scared to even think about what the rooms would look or or the condition.   Smallest casino on Fremont. This used to be fun to come here first and get swarmed by drink ladies nearly fighting to all bring you as many drinks as possible - and these are strong drinks! Once I even declined a drink and she asked "why?"  When I said we were leaving, she said "so!"  Who am I to fight with a drink lady in a crazy neon-sequined get-up?  I took the drink.  Another favorite was the cheap hot dogs and deep fried Oreos! Three Oreos to an order and you have to split it for sure - almost guaranteed to induce a diabetic coma! However, on the most recent trip, I found myself a little disappointed. They still use coin, no paper tickets like all other casinos in this decade. It almost isn't fun to win because you have to take the stupid bucket of coin to the cashier and wait in line.  Drink ladies were a little scarce and kinda scary. (One friend mentioned he didn't want to eat or gamble at Mermaids because the only thing he would get there was a disease!)  Oh, and they don't have olives for my vodka & soda!  Really?? Eh, not excited to go back.
3	3-Stars and that's just for the deep-fried Oreos (the twinkie is ok) but the Oreos are a steal at 3 for a buck! Waited in line for the first time yesterday when I took my dad and his girlfriend who were in town visiting. Nothing bad to say about the Oreos (when they are willing to make them for you). One time the guy told me to come back in 45 minutes, I came back and it was a different guy (shift change) and he told me it would be 30 minutes!I feel for them in a weird way working in this dump of a place but come on... you got a great opportunity to make some decent tips with a friendly and outgoing demeanor. Especially with the number of people that go through there just to try the twinkies and oreos. The staff yesterday was ok. One girl was pretty friendly and kind but the other girl seemed mad at the world.Also as mentioned in another review... the so called Nathan's hot dogs didn't taste like any Nathans brand hotdog I have ever had but for 99cents its not bad. They should just stop advertising it as Nathans (no point if they are that cheap anyway). The casino itself is dirty, smelly, filled with some miserable looking people and employees, and in a strange way somewhat enjoyable.....but maybe thats the Oreos talking.
4	This is one of the few places we take all of our out of town guests. I know it sounds crazy, but this is a must stop because it is old Vegas at its trashiest. Easy drinks, sketchy location, cheap food, and your $10 gets you further than other places on the slots. Unlike other reviewers, I don't care about getting actual money back when I play, and since most other places don't have this, our out of town guests usually get a kick out of this. The wait staff are usually very friendly, and serve you quick. This is not what I would ever expect from a place that looked like this. The only thing that we've ever encountered is that just about anytime you are cashing out at a machine and its more than $5 you have to wait for a slot attendant because the machine is empty. But since I am not a big gambler, and only go here when being touristy, its always a good first or last stop when out on Fremont Street.
2	Mermaids is a freaking gong show! I don't do drugs, but I sure felt like I was on them! I had me some deep fried oreos. Afterwards, I had a heart attack.. died & then came back. They were good. I think I shouldn't have had them though.I don't know man, I'm really confused.
5	In my never ending quest to help you get through the rough spots of life (stylishly of course), I realize that many of us need to accomplish things on a budget.Hence.A little hint on where to end a love gone bad on the cheap.Everyone loves Hot Dogs.Slow down Freud Lite, no need to go all Minister on RentBoy.com.Sometimes a Hot Dog is just a Hot Dog.So.Where's the best place to break up while shoving a thin casing covering meat down your throat?Ok, that was funny.But. I digress.BEST HOT DOG PLACE TO BREAK UPMERMAIDS CASINO32 Fremont StLas Vegas, NV 89136(702) 382-5777There's no better place to chow down on a Foot Long Coney Island Hot Dog covered in everything God created to give your soon to be Ex a massive coronary than Mermaids on Fremont Street.The Dogs here start at .99c and the Skank watching is gratis. The place is a cacophony of loud music and emergency sirens. The noise covers any screaming that may ensue and the small ducats spent mean you can run out in a manufactured huff without having spent a paycheck.By the by. If the now Ex leaves first, have a Fried Twinkie.Yum.http://vegasstyleguy.blogspot.com/
5	Mermaids "Nathans" hot dogs are the absolute best!!  Whenever my boyfriend and I have a "cheat" day...a hot dog at Mermaids is on the top of our list of wants.  They pile it on thick--whatever you want, (kraut, japs, onions, chili, cheese) and a million sizes.  Then you can top it off with a little bar of different mustards, mayo, etc.  The bun fits even the biggest dog.  And I'm not much of a sweet person but some of my buddies when in town have chowed down on deep fried twinkies, oreos, chocolate covered bananas.  I like to wash it down with a football sized alcoholic beverage for $15.  If you came to Fremont to blow it out...don't miss Mermaids!!
3	Go here for the deep fried Twinkies, free beer, and to see "What Not to Wear."  If you're into mardi gras beads, well, hell, get those too.
1	Come here for the novelty of eating deep fried twinkies or oreos, then run the other way! The deep fried junk foods are interesting and over-the-top hedonistic in a guilty pleasure, grease-pie sort of way. The hot dogs are better at 7eleven though they have better peppers here. There are pregnant cocktail waitresses swimming through a sea of cigarette smoke, which should break at least a few laws. One of the waitresses got into an argument with our friend while we were there while another screamed at a guy about not touching her face, just everywhere else. No place to sit while you eat, because it's a TINY casino with a huge turn over so standing room only. If I get a soulcrushingly needy craving for a deep fried twinkie, I -might- go back...if I'm already there. Novelty- yes. Hang out spot- heck no.
4	Mermaids advertises .99 Hot Dogs, Fried Twinkies and Oreos.The FRIED TWINKIE IS 1,400 Calories.  One Bite is potentially 200 cals!!!The oreos implode after the first bite.And the Hot Dogs are NOT a foot long.   And extra for onions. ($.50)Try it.  Other places on the strip charge $4 for Oreos and or Twinkies.I don't want to say it's the best thing I ve ever eaten.  But it's a fund one time plunge!
1	Rating is for the poor attitude of the guy behind the counter and for the fact that there is NO sign that fried Oreos/twinkies aren't served after 11pm. But I've heard from a little old lady in the elevator that the Oreos are better than the twinkies
4	Mermaids is my favorite spot to hang out in Las Vegas.  Yes, the hot dogs are great, the bathroom is awful, the staff is great, the drinks flow like a river, and generally, the nickel slots are worth your time and money.  Be kind and tip the waitresses.  You'll get more attention and they are a hoot.I'm flying in early Friday morning, and plan on stopping off at Mermaid's first, and often.
3	If I'm on Fremont I always stop at Mermaids for a frozen slushie beverage of some sort.  They aren't anything special but much better than many of the watered down (ie - no alcohol) ones that you find at many casinos on the strip (i'm looking at YOU imperial palace!)If i'm going to shell out $10 for a slushie drink, i want it to be good...at mermaids it's pretty good.
1	I really don't see how anyone can recommend this place. yes it's the only place you can get a deep fried what ever you want but beware this is a very very unsanitary place.
4	I just have one thing to say. Air conditioning please. Wow it was hot when I went in there last time. And I don't mean the ladies passing out tickets and beads. I like enough to go again and again.
4	Mermaid's is SO much fun! Where else can you get beads from drag queens as you walk in, yards of crazy flavored slushy alcohol, Nathan's hot dogs for a buck, and shots for $2? NOWHERE! It's loud and bright and some of the best people watching ever! I never miss a trip to Mermaid's when I am in Vegas. It's a must see! Woot, woot for Freemont Sreet! http://www.city-data.com/businesses/856267018-mermaid-s-casino-las-vegas-nv.html
3	The chocolate covered banana is great. You use real nickles, quarters, etc. in most of the slots as they don't give you tickets when you cash out. Some of the customers look like they are right off of filming an episode of Springer but that adds to the fun. If you tip the waitresses they will bring you drinks constantly!
3	A heart attack not from loss of money, but from the eats they serve up here.As others have stated, I've never stopped here to gamble (don't usually make my way here til I'm broke, ha), but to seek out their artery screaming heart wrenching eats that are cheap and sure to put you in a greasy/sugary overload. Ordered the $1 deep fried Twinkie and $1 deep fried Oreo (3 of them).Twinkie was nay (the filling changes taste or its to sweet for me), Oreos were yay! Sugary food coma commence.
2	If you come here for the cheap eats, you're in the right place, but if you come in here for a good time and good old gambling....turn around you're in the wrong place.  For the food I would say they get a 3 or maybe even a 4 but the place is very misleading.  We walked in and there's no table games, it's strictly slots and it's very run down.  If you want fried twinkies, fried oreos, chili dog and yard stick of slushies, then here's your place.  Don't expect a grand casino.
1	This place is a D-U-M-P! The only redeeming quality is the carnival food, and I promise you that the decor & clientele matches that of a carnival. The fried Twinkie is delicious & I hear that the fried Oreo's are as well (although I can't personally attest to that). Both are 99 cents so you can't go wrong. They also offer other fried foods (french fried, corn dogs, etc.). I've had 2 friends describe this casino in equally hilarious but differing ways. One described it as the movie Total Recall OR what the world would look like in 2060 (yes he specifically said the year 2060) after a nuclear bomb was detonated. Another described it as the Mos Eisley Cantina from Star Wars. I can definitely envision, and chuckle about the thought, of the Mos Eisley Cantina music being played here at some point in it's existence.To say the gambling options are limited is an understatement. You're options are slots, slots, slots and oh...more slots. They handed out a ticket/voucher for a drawing (I believe it was along the lines of $10,000-$15,000) that the "hostess" claimed was being drawn in 30 minutes. I can say with great certainty that this drawing never takes place & is only a ploy to keep you in this neon light hell.Anyone vacationing in Las Vegas should certainly make time to check this place out...but only for no more than 15 minutes, which is just enough time to order & eat your fried Oreo's or Twinkies.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting. The idea of fried twinkies or oreos, with a heart attack on the side, is one I still cannot comprehend. They could give them away, and I would not even be tempted. Still, they are obviously appealing to some market because the line for food purchase at 11pm was insanely long. Maybe if they AT LEAST kept the place a bit cleaner it wouldn't be as bad. But I guess that type of food deserves that type of ambience.
4	Great staff, awesome hot dogs, strong cocktails and beads to boot.   I celebrated my birthday downtown with gal pals and when I went to cash in my nickles I even received a special birthday string of beads.   Not for the snooty Strip crowd.
4	Oh, Mermaid's Casino, how I'm fond of thee.With your ghetto style little casino with your overly strong drinks that cross between consumable and something similar to Windex, your handing out of plastic beads and raffle tickets, and your location next to a strip club that says ridiculous things like "Zounds!" and "Indeed!" when the video models take off their tops.The real pull is the fried wonderments that they serve.  Fried Oreos and Twinkies?  Those deserve a "Zounds!" of their own, and they don't even have to take their tops off to get a response like that.The real pull for me, however, are the hot dogs.  Their Nathan's hot dogs.  It's weird: These are hot dogs you can easily buy in a grocery store, but they do something apparently magical to them that make them delicious.  And they're cheap as well.  The truly weird thing is they actually taste really good whether you are sober or inebriated.  You truly can have it all here!  And those employees behind the counter with their clearly bogus little nickname name tags?  Oh, you scamps you, with your witty ways....People are frequently drunk here, whether it's the slot play and comped drinks, the regular stupidly sized yard long drinks, or just wandering in from other venues.  Even their video signs are amusing to watch as the models they have are enjoying their food and beverages WAY too much.  I can't help but doubt their sincerity a little, but their bravado must be applauded.As gaudy as the place is, it works for the venue.  Actually, I doubt it would be as entertaining if it actually were refined and trendy.  But seriously, their hot dogs are strangely compelling enough to die for.Well, perhaps not, but I sometimes get the "evil eye" from overly techy patrons in there.  It must be my need to collect as many bead strands as possible.We all have our vices....
2	Located on Fremont Street, and not far from Golden Nugget. This place probably seen better days. The only reason why I go here, is for the cheap Deep Fried Twinkies in Las Vegas. Can't beat the 99 cents deep fried Twinkies. Even though, I know its not really good for me, but got to love the deep fried Twinkies. But, they could probably clean up the deep fry station and better customer service. Really didn't need some one telling me "Don't forget my tip." With that remark, why would I tip you for being some what rude. But I guess 10% of a dollar, is probably all she'll get from me. But the place itself, can probably look better, with out the slot machines that doesn't seem to work, time and time again. If the place was just a place to have a deep fried Twinkies and a slushy bar. Then it would be nice. But with the old school slot machines, and not so happy staff. I believe that this could of been a better place with a better review. If you're into gambling or putting a quarter in a slot machine, this is not the place to do so, cause you'll probably not get any service or any help, probably in 30-60 minutes later. The slushy drinks and the deep fry station in the back, is probably a good place to get them.
4	How can you not love this place?! This place just has flair. You're greeted by two showgirls handing out beads and a drawing ticket as you enter the door. If you're here, you're here for one thing. Cheap eats. This isn't a place you want to hang out in all night long. They have the food counter located in the left back of the casino floor. You have a plethora of cheap food options to choose from and they are all terrible for you, but delicious! 99 cent deep fried twinkies and oreos, chocolate dipped bananas and a lot of other nitrate filled goodies to choose from.I'm partial to the deep fried oreos, but everything is worth a try for that price. Just to say you did. This place has got a kitsch all it's own. The experience is worth the effort it takes to get there. Just to say you've been.
5	Wanna get drunk as a skunk under 5 bucks?? Just sit at a machine over here and play pennies while cocktail waitresses bring you drinks incessantly. The moment you walk in they take your order. I suggest the "Adios Motherf*ucker". You'll thank me later.
2	Drinks are insanely strong. And they have no problem with two at a time. The old fashioned slot machines are awesome-nothing beats winning five dollars in nickels. And the drawings for cash are legit. But the lack of AC, dirty floors and chairs, thick smell of grease, and nasty costumes on the ladies that look like strip rejects from the 80s just make this establishment sketch. Oh, and was it me or were the majority of chicks pregnant? Go to say you did. Then leave. Quick.
3	Whatup fried food!
5	If you have not had one of their frozen mixed drinks in the football cup, you are missing out. Get the Long Isalnd Iced Tea! It's amazing. Perfect flavor and never waters down! $15 will keep you happy for the whole day and refills are way cheaper. So, if anything, make your way past the bead girls to get a drinkie poo!!
3	Went to Fremont to do the Zip Line Thingy.. The same time I've heard and been wanting to try their Guilty Pleasures - Fried Twinkie and Fried Oreos..Fried Twinkie: I like twinkies cause they are simple, nostalgic and just a nice fun treat. Now Deep Fried.. Umm, I think it was too over the top. It was fat, greasy/oil heavy, soft and sweet.. Like a donut filled with cream and surrounded by batter. It was ok.Fried Oreo: same difference as the fried twinkie but I thought it was better. This was more like a donut hole with an oreo stuffed inside it. The slight crunch of the oreo gives it some depth and that familiar chocolatey oreo goodness. This was pretty good.Defintiely not for the faint of heart munchers but I say its worth trying at least once!
5	Still fun and the machines pay!!
4	$1 for deep fried twinkies?!?!$1 for deep fried oreos?!?! HELL YEAH!Employees rude, fried food good!Dirty surroundings but thats the charm of it!!
4	The $1 hot dogs and fried Twinkies definitely give this place an edge. But they also still pay out coins, and they still have quarter Slotto!!  Granted, I have never won much at Slotto, but quarter bonus machines have always been my favorite, and when it does pay out, its amusing.  I honestly have never really won anything at this casino, its usually just a place I wander into for a few minutes while making my drunken rounds in Fremont Street.  But still well worth checking out, for the atmosphere and sinful food.  And I give props to any casino with machines that still accept/payout in coins, they are a dying breed.The crowd is A+, too.  Last time I was there, I was next to a lady who was probably celebrating her latest welfare check from a nearby trailer park, and she was going on and on about how I was on the lucky machine, because she won a whole whoppin $60 on it a couple weeks ago!!!  Now you just don't get that kind off high-roller glam at the Bellagio or Aria!
2	I came here after enjoying a nice dinner at Firefly's. It was just across the street and my boyfriend asked me if I wanted to try some deep fried oreos/twinkies. Of course I jumped at the chance!We came into this dinky, run down, old, casino that seemed to be saturated in smoke. Don't get me wrong...sometimes places like this have KILLER munchies. However, this was not the case here. There was no line, so we went straight to the front. We still ended up waiting about 10 minutes though because the cashier was on a smoke break while on her cellphone a few feet away.  We just kept looking at her and she didn't seem to care at all. When she finally came over, we ordered deep fried oreos and deep fried twinkies. I swear the two plates came out within one second. I probably should've questioned that, but I was just too excited to try the treats.We walked outside and proceeded to take a bite our of our deep fried deliciousness. I guess I was expecting something a little hot, extra sweet, and pretty tasty. I was totally wrong. These deep fried concoctions were COLD, pretty damn dry, and ridiculously oily. There really should be a sign that reads: Deep Fried Dried Nastyness, cuz that's exactly what they were. There was absolutely nothing satisfying about these at all. Dry and cold on the outside with an extra oily, soggy inside. Does that sound appetizing...at all? Maybe I just came here at the wrong time. Maybe everyone just wanted to take cigarette breaks and not do any work, so they pre-fried everything and waited for people to order them. Who knows? What I do know is that I will never come back here, EVER.
5	The ultimate in cheap and drunken dining on Fremont.  Saying a place has "character" is just saying it's a great hole in the wall.  And this place certainly has that!!  On that note...I would never eat here sober.  I'm not sure how long the chili topping for the hot dogs has been sitting there.  My friends are too drunk to think about the weirdness of the cheese topping on their nachos.  Is this napkin CLEAN?  Who gives a flying frig?The deep fried twinkie looks like a KFC chicken breast on steroids.  All 3 deep fried Oreos for 99 cents are able to fit into a human mouth all at once.  $6 for chicken fingers is "splurging". Phallic jokes always break out when someone gets the chocolate dipped banana.  And mayonnaise on hot dogs tastes surprisingly good after 3 shots of tequila (no more no less).
4	I was craving sweets but wanted a bit of adventure, so these 3 deep fried Oreos covered in powdered sugar were PERFECT.  First you taste the deep fried outer layer, followed by the melted Oreo cookie that lingers in your mouth. My only regret was not ordering a large glass of non-fat milk. Guilty pleasure well worth it.
2	I have been here before and I enjoy the fried Twinkies & fried Oreos. However, I was there this weekend, Saturday night. We walked in immediately after the midnight canopy light show and stood in line at the snack bar. We ordered fried Oreos and were told that they stop serving the twinkies & oreos after midnight. Not that the snack bar was closed, not that they ran out, but for some arbitrary reason, they chose to stop serving those things at midnight. The fryer was still warm, the oil was still in it, and as a result, the entire line emptied out. Poor business model. The only reason I give 2 stars at all is because when I can get those items (which is rare as it is because they tend to turn the fryer off when it's slow, but they will turn it back on if you're willing to wait 20 minutes for it to be ready), they are delicious.Additionally, the machines are kind of fun because they pay out in actual nickels...except when people put their half filled cups into the nickel dispenser bowl...it's not a trash hole!
4	Super cheap drinks n there NOT weak. No table games. Great place to people watch. Always crowded.
4	If you can finish a whole deep fried oreo wthout getting a stomach ache more power to ya! They are good, but after you eat one.. you have to have a strong stomach. I can only eat a few bites and I cannot continue.  The prices are REALLY good. This is downtown so mostly everything is well price unlike the over-priced strip.
3	Went to the Fremont to do the ziplinez thing and went to Mermaid's to samps (sample) the fried oreos and fried twinkie.And oddly enough, it wasn't as gross as I expected!Call that my compliment of the whole experience =) lolUltimate in fattening gluttonous food!
5	Deep fried twinkies and oreos! Wow, I never had them before and had to stop at this place for them. The taste is not what you expect, but it is ooh soo good. The prices are dirt cheap (they have other items like fries and hot dogs) and they're fast. If you don't a "dirty" work area you'll love this place.
4	Just a note: This place has some inexpensive yard drinks as well. Make sure you keep the container since refills are 1/2 the price! I'm always on the lookout for downtown deals!
3	worthwhile visit, but don't stay too long.This place gets seriously packed and is pretty disgusting but its cheap and worth a trip for a couple fried snacks at least once, the clientele and some of the staff are an interesting bunch, seedy looking etc.. i will recognize that the tables/floor @ the eating area were clean on the last visit, and the bathrooms at least appeared to have had an effort made.  i know their deadly but I'm hooked on the fried Twinkies!!! its tasty w/powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles. I've also had their corn dogs & a bite of the frozen banana.  the menu includes various meals and a la carte items ranging from 99 cents to about $4 (think chicken fingers, frozen white castle burgers & mini chicken sandwiches, fries, chili cheese fries, Nathan's hot dogs, corn dogs, taquitos) 99 cents items are: fried Twinkies, fried oreos, hot dog, chocolate dipped frozen banana....upon walking in we were offered drinks, nice to know they've not gone stingy thru the tough economy.
3	Daiquiris, deep fried oreos, deep fried twinkies. Well it is worth trying at least once I guess. The drinks are good but not as good as Fat Tuesdays. The deep dried oreo and twinkie are very greasy, messy, cheap and tasty.However, I have had once and not gone back. The place is a little sketchy and dirty so, I don't want to think about how often the fryer is cleaned.
2	Does anyone ever win their drawing? When walking into Mermaids you are offered some wannabe Mardi Gras beads and a ticket to win money in a drawing. Does anyone win? Probably not, but lets check out the inside. To sum it up it is a pretty run down casino. My friend gets drinks without having to play a game, so I guess that is a benefit. God knows what disease he picked up for that perk, if you want to call that a perk at all. Would I go back, no. Will my friend probably drag me here another half dozen times, yes.
3	Ahaha! The deep fried twinkies gave me the runs! And it was served cold.. But It was cheap($2) and after trying the one at the San Gennaro festival, I wanted to see if it was as good...and no! The tables were left uncleaned as well.The people that work there are very friendly though. They have their girls at the door to greet you and give you some goodies too! They also have the old school slot machines that dispenses nickels which is awesome!
3	Don't judge me for judging a business...well, ok, judge me if I have a heart attack after visiting Mermaid's again. Let's be honest, the women outside in Rio costumes giving out beads isn't going to get in you into their casino, unless of course you might have won a jackpot previously, then of course you might. However, what will? Deep fried Twinkies, deep fried oreos, and of course chocolate dipped bananas. My heart is racing and cholesterol going up simply at the thought of such foods. They certainly exist and are made in perfect orchestration in the Mermaid's Casino. Is it great, no, but it definitely is good and you would be stupid to not pass up the chance to try such a unique and amazing combination!So...in the event the world falls into disarray and the movie "Resident Evil" does come to fruition, I'll be heading straight to Mermaid's to find their perfectly preserved Twinkies....ready to be deep fried of course!
1	I was stoked to see 99 cent deep fried Oreos and Twinkies as they reminded me of State Fairs so fondly. However, the lady behind the food counter was not having a good day. She was rude and took order only from those standing "directly" in front of her... then told us that she was out of Oreos and Twinkies. Really?? I could of swore I saw a few boxes full of them behind her to her right... but clearly she wasn't having any of it.Didn't stay to play in the casino. They did give out mardi gras beads though.
3	Food......yech. Everyone was really nice though. Drink servers are very attentive.
3	pretty packed inside, waitied bout 10 mins for the fried twinkie and fried oreos, not baaad.
4	Had a lot of fun here.  At first I was just watching the people I was with gamble and the nice, very attention russian waitress brought all of us, including me, drinks.  The margarita was so good that I decided to put a fiver in and see where it took me.  The Elvis machines were a lot of fun.  I cashed out at $160 (I don't really gamble).  The only thing that took a bit of gloss off of the experience was that the guys had to come and refill the machine because there weren't enough quarters to pay me.  Kind of like the Wizard of Oz "man behind the curtain" effect, but playing the machine itself was fun.Though I suspect no one wins the drawing from the ladies standing by the door, still kinda fun to play and hope.
3	The crazy showgirl/flamenco dancer hybrids handing out Mardi Gras beads outside of this casino are weird, sure, but I was not to be deterred after spotting signs for 99-cent deep fried Twinkies and frozen bananas. The casino's slot machines are very old to the point where cashing out means plastic cups of nickels and quarters, not tidy paper tickets. My hands were dirty from all the coins. Ew. I didn't spy any newer video slot machines, just lots of the old school ones.For me, the real draw was the snack bar with Nathan's hot dogs, 99 cent deep fried Twinkies, and 99 cent frozen chocolate-and-nut covered bananas. I'm still dreaming of the banana and the Twinkies, they were that good. I stayed at the Golden Nugget which is very close to Mermaid's. We'll most likely go back - both to the GN and to Mermaid's.Oh! And the frozen drinks! Be forewarned - a plastic football-shaped cup full of tropical frozen drink goodness will set you back around $15, but a couple of sips might have you meeting the floor. Sample the flavors before buying if you're not interested in drinking straight alcohol with just a bit of fruit flavor. The bartender was kind enough to add ice and soda water to my banana daiquiri which made it almost drinkable - but then I'm not a huge drinker to begin with. Girl Drink Drunk was never so easy.
3	This place is definitely old school. But that is not necessarily a bad thing. We hung out here for a few. They definitely draw you in with the cheap fried oreos, fried twinkies and chocolate dipped bananas. Everything is about a buck!The cramped little kitchen was filthy, but it wasn't stopping anyone from enjoying the one dollar fried goodness.
3	This place is OLD SKOOL...to the point where their slot machines spit out real coins, not paper tickets.  There is a snack bar with Nathan's hot dogs, 99 cent deep fried Twinkies, and 99 cent frozen chocolate-and-nut covered bananas. Reminds me of State Fair foods...How can I forget to warn you of the frozen drinks...a plastic football-shaped cup full of tropical frozen drink goodness will set you back around $15, but a couple of sips might have you meeting the floor if you opt for the "extra" shot.  OMG it made my pina colda so damn strong...to the point I wasn't even upset I dropped it & most of it spilled out. There is no way I could've finished it all & still stood up on my own.  You can sample the flavors before buying.
2	I only stumbled in here because there was a sign that said they were selling Deep-Fried Twinkies for 99 cents. Even though I pride myself on eating well and working out, I cheat like a sonofabitch. The casino itself is slightly more ghetto than its brethren on Fremont St. I think they know people are only lured in by their food specials. This was pretty much confirmed when I noticed the line for food practically had more people in it than the casino, and it was a short line. The braided black lady who took my order was a total bitch. I cackled when her coworker shouted out a reminder for everyone in line to "make sure we don't forget to be tippin'". I'll be sure to take that into consideration, thanks. The deep-fried Twinkie tasted like a bigger Twinkie. All they're really doing is adding more breading and fat to it. It's one of those novelty items you'd eat at a white trash country fair just to say you'd done so. I can't imagine anyone legitimately likes to eat them this way. I also got a 99 cent All-American Hot Dog, which somehow managed to taste like total crap. I'd suggest stopping in for something quick and unhealthy if you're drunk enough. Stick with the novelty fare, like Twinkies and Oreos, and skip anything else they're trying to pass off as actual food.
5	Great prices at Nathan's towards the back! My babe a corn dog and we both got deep fried oreos for only four bucks! Wow!! What a deal! Can't wait to go back!!! Dollar hot dogs! Wowzers!! :D
3	Janky ass little place for some good n greasy snacks. I came with some old and new Yelper friends for dessert. I like deep fried oreos best and you get 3 (more than enough for me) for 99cents. They were just freshly made so they were delicious and warm. They're not too sweet when they're fried up in batter and they turn soft. Sometimes it sucks when it's not busy then they might give you a batch that has been sitting there. Boooo. If there's no one there, ask if the batch is cold already. I come back when there's a line.They have standing tables so you can chomp down, but they really need someone to clean those tables. Ours had ketchup, chocolate and nuts on it and collected more nuts and powdered sugar after we were done. These are messy type foods being eaten by a good number of drunks so they need to be a bit more diligent with the tables. You can't beat the price for a snack so it can't hurt to stop by, but it's been hit/miss.
5	Tiny casino, but I ALWAYS come when I get a chance to get the deep fried Twinkies and Oreos. Great value at the snack bar.
4	Kinda hokey, a little run down, but a lot of fun.They've got 99cent deep fried twinkies, nickle slots and waitresses who bring you free booze. My girlfriend even won 800 nickels (40 bucks) which was very exciting.
1	I went in Mermaid's Casino just to try their deep fried twinkie and deep fried oreos. Apparently they cannot serve you if you are under 21 and both the order taker and cashier asked if I was of age and I said yes both times. Why don't you check ID's then if I appear underage to order me some deep fried desserts? I did not even get carded once while playing in the casinos, but get asked twice in 2 minutes for ordering food. I ordered then went to pay; not bad for 2 bucks. As I was paying, the lady that took my order and was making it was asking me a question. I could not hear her over the loud music and she had to repeat herself. I finally said, "I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the music." I finally could make out that she was asking if I wanted both oreos and a twinkie so I said, "Yes, I wanted both." She then goes and talks down on me and rudely says, "That's what I was asking you!" Talk about a bad attitude. I picked up my order and left since I did not want to see the lady anymore and the tables were dirty to eat on anyway.The twinkie and oreos had an overload of powdered sugar. I liked the oreos more than the twinkie. The oreos are made of chocolate so I could at least taste the chocolate sweetness in them. The twinkie just tasted like fried batter altogether. I definitely will not be back to this place because of the rude lady with the attitude problem unless I was absolutely craving for the oreos.
4	Deep Fried Twinkies, Hot Dogs and Choco Dipped Bananas. The casino is kinda cheesey. But they have alcohol and food and give you beads. Plus anything fried is awesome.
4	OK so when in Vegas I like to slum it. I stay downtown. No fancy eats for me. Mermaids is a dirty run down dive of a video poker/slots casino. They will serve you a ton of free miller light draft and rotgut liquor mixed drinks though while you play penny and nickel slots or poker. One of their major draws though is their cheap food. Drink a lot and you won't notice it is not exactly the kind of place you want to eat. They have Nathans hot dogs for a buck a piece and then you can top that off with an awesome trio of fried Oreos or a fried Twinkies. The oreos and twinkies are coated in a funnel cake batter and fried. I tried both and the Oreos were awesome. The batter combined with the chocolate and cream of the Oreo are just right. Then throw in some powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles!  Really you have to try it. Sure it is bad for you but you are going to die anyway so why not have fun.   I did not care for the Twinkie as much but it was still good. Be ready to wait in a line though as this place is packed. 2 Nathans dogs and 3 fried Oreos for 3.xx is a great bargain. Might as well wash it down with a Four Loko from the store next door for a total ghetto experience! Warning this is a 21 and up place only.
4	Whoa! This is a strange place... The drinks flow fast and free here, plus they have $1 Nathan's dogs! Also try the deep-fried Oreos and Twinkies if you dare. The waitresses are very friendly and eager to get you hammered. BTW I will never listen to The Monkey's again after their themed slot machine wiped me out of $40 while incessantly playing their songs.
4	Who knew. Deep fried oreos and twinkies could be so awesome. At only 99 cents I got a bit carried away after ordering $20 worth in one night. Sugar rush was crazy. They should try deep frying some ding dongs, ho hos, or cup cakes. There also some decent hot dogs but I wasn't there for that.
3	Call me a sucker for the "Old School", but i made sure to stop into Mermaids in Old Vegas.  There isn't a whole lot of special going on here, except that their slot machines still accept and give coins!!  There is something really exciting about watching those nickels fill up your dirty plastic cup as the slot makes annoying noises!  I am a strong believer that any Vegas first timer needs to get down to Old Vegas.  I also believe you need to experience slot machines at the Mermaid!
5	This would be my 2nd or 3rd trip to fremont street (sorry i forgot if i went here two yrs ago -memory loss kicked in lol.) Usually theres a lot of food deals going on down here that are much cheaper than the strip obviously. My bf and i were drawn to the ladies giving out beads outside of mermaids...then our fatty-ass radars kicked in and saw 99cent deep fried oreos!!! Now back here at home, my first deep fried oreos were at the OC Fair ...so I knew they had to be as good as the OC ones..if not prob better. Usually I stand with my bf when we order food together but I wanted to go save a table for us b/c it was crowded already. Also since I did not like the cashier's rude atitude this past December when we went..I made my bf order it bc I didnt wanna deal w/her atitude again. Their deep fried oreos (3 oreos to be exact) are 99 cents! Now you cant tell me thats not a deal right there! Immediately my bf and i fell in love...we order two orders of deep fried oreos, 2 meal orders of chicken fingers, and one all american hot dog (99 cents)...yes we were sooo hungry and fat. We havent ate since 12 that day..and it was 9:40ish PM when we ate here. Everything was delicious, worth every penny and the wait as well. The line was ridiculous after we got our food..it wrapped around the slot machines  towards the restrooms! SOOOO worth the wait though- deep fried goodness!
2	I am scared of this place. Too many loud noises and bright lights. I feel like I'm on mushrooms when I'm in here. A bad batch of mushrooms.This is an all-slots casino with no hotel attached. This means that you cannot enter, under any circumstances, if you are under 21. Not even to order food from the filthy deep-fried counter that serves up fried oreos (hell yes), fried twinkies, and a billion different kinds of hot dogs. The oreos are cheap and dipped/fried fresh, so it's worth it to stand in a line 20-deep with a sticky floor to get to them. But actually hanging out here and gambling? No way.
5	Went to Vegas with the family. You have to make a special trip out to Mermaids if you're in the area. Located on Fremont St they only allow 21 year and older in (no hotel connected to establishment). In the back corner they sell deep fried Oreo (3 pieces) or a deep fried Twinkie for $0.99. Also my kids love the chocolate covered dozen bananas which are $0.99 each. If you've never tried any of them it will be an experience (in a good way). I can only do it on vacations but Vegas is the place to indulge.
3	We stopped in here for some deep fried 99 cent oreos. It was something that required me to have tons of alcohol to even consider this. The oreos were pretty good but then again I was drunk and would possible eat a pizza off the side walk. So not sure what this review is worth
2	The only reason to visit this casino is to EAT the artery clogging food at Nathan's.  Hot dogs - American, Jalapeno, White Castle burgers, Fries, Chocolate dipped banana for 99 cents...Deep Fried Oreos!This is just a casino with no hotel attached, so kids can not enter.  Machines are old style - no tickets. Girls in brightly colored outfits hand out beads to all who enter. I had the Deep Fried Twinkies and it was just as imagined.  Hot, thick slightly crisp around the edges batter enveloped the Twinkie.  A mound of powdered sugar and chocolate chips topped it all.  Yum.  Major sugar rush.Be prepared to stand in line.Worth a visit for the cheap food.
5	Word of warning: you most likely will get carded and it's 21 and up only inside this casino since it's a casino without a hotel.If you like your cheap indulgent desserts or state fair-type things, then definitely stop by the food vendor in the back corner of this place. It's 99 cents for a chocolate dipped frozen banana (with a healthy amount of chopped peanuts), and it's 99 cents for THREE batter-dipped deep-fried oreos (with an unhealthy amount of powdered sugar and chocolate sprinkles).  Great values for the hot dogs and fries and other things on the menu too, although I'm thinking they might be overcharging for White Castle sliders.
3	I felt like I needed to wash my hands when I entered, midway into my visit and then again before I left.That being said, Nathan's restaurant in the casino is the most delightful SIN!  I had a fried Oreo and a fried Twinkie.  More magnificent when you have the "munchies"I will be back and even try to make this heart disease enhancing dish at home.
4	Old School Vegas and cheap junk food at it's finest! I love this place, it's always one of my first and favorite stops on Fremont St.  Is it dirty? Yes.  Is the food cheap and awesome? Yes! I have never sat at a slot machine for more than 45 seconds without having at least one cocktail waitress ready to take my order.  Word to the wise: if you want the booze to keep flowing in a timely fashion TIP at least a buck or two on every drink.  All it takes is 1 or 2 bucks on the first drink and they usually have another one in your hand before you can blink.  The good one's remember what you're drinking and don't need to ask. I love the penny slots in the row to the right of the front door. Just bear in mind that it's better to put smaller bills in the machines because when you cash out you either get nickels you have to take to a cashier or for large amounts you have to wait for a "hand pay" which can take awhile but hey, with free gin and tonics steadily coming my way I've never minded the wait.  Oh and for the love of god get rid of the free beads before you move on to the next casino, it's a red flag for how drunk you really are and tends to make your cocktail server wary and and therefore slower
4	You won't find any fancy restaurants (or fancy anything) at Mermaid's Casino on downtown Fremont Street, but it is THE place to go for some ultra-sweet and just-the-right-amount-of-greasy deep-fried Twinkies and deep-fried Oreos. They are a steal for only a buck at Steve's Coney Island counter deep inside this casino.That's right. Twinkies and Oreos dipped in a thick batter, fried until golden brown, and blanketed with powdered sugar. Simple! Greasy! Delicious!This snack bar also serves Nathan's hot dogs, chocolate-dipped bananas, and cheap yet powerful margaritas, if you prefer to avoid a sugar rush but are craving an inexpensive snack.You can also find similar deep-fried snacks on the strip at Big Hurt's Snack Shack, a food truck that is usually parked in front of the Carnaval Court outside of Harrah's. While their fried offerings cost a little more, they also sell fried pickles and chilli cheese fries if you want your heart stopped by something savoury.
2	This casino is g-h-e-t-t-o, but the main draw of this place is for the fried Twinkies and Oreos (or as the lady helping me called it...an order of heart attack). The line moved extremely SLOW with three people behind the counter taking their sweet time - two helping with the food and 1 at the cashier. I seriously felt disgusted while waiting in line just seeing all the greasy food (not that I'm opposed to it), but it was obvious why this place was a hit with the above average weight crowd. Also, the area was filthy (the guy cleaning the tables just wiped the food onto the ground). The guy behind me and myself both had tissue stuck to our shoes at one point.Aside from the ghetto casino, the nastiness of the restaurant, and the long wait, the fried twinkies and oreas were damn good!
5	My first time and I LOVED it !! Great service, I actually won more $ here than at other casinos. The manager Steve Culp was on top of everything. We experienced great customer service and I had a great time. The food is so cheap and that's what we were looking for.  I highly recommend this casino. IT's a MUST if you want to have fun and forget about the facade of other fancy hotels where you wait forever for your drinks hahahha....  Seriously!
3	Mermaid's is a Fremont Street staple. No, I doubt it's steeped in rich history. Or maybe it is. Who cares.The point is that Mermaid's is that tiny hole-in-the-wall casino that everyone goes to for their cholesterol fix. Forget Heart Attack Grill. Come here to get your arteries clogged with deep-fried twinkies and deep-fried oreos.I used to prefer the twinkie over the oreos. Now, I don't really like either of them. The truth is that they are over-battered, the oil frequently tastes old, and there is way too much powdered sugar that ends up all over your clothes, the table, and the floor. They're worth trying once though. I mean, they're 99c!But I've recently seen the light. I should have listened to George Bluth in the first place. THERE'S ALWAYS MONEY IN THE BANANA STAND! Yes, I'm a frozen banana convert. I feel like it's the least unhealthy of the 99c dessert snack options. Frozen, dipped in chocolate, and covered in peanuts, it's truly an afternoon delight.
4	Deep fried goodness from the snack bar in the back of Mermaids!I don't go here to gamble or for the drinks. I go for the unhealthy snacks like the deep fried twinkies or oreos, or even the hot dogs. The place isn't the newest or the nicest and in fact, this time around, some of the clientele seemed seedy but I wasn't there to make friends - I was there to eat! I didn't have one but the have hot dogs for a buck. Not too bad if you need something in your gut other than the booze you can get cheap at the bar or anywhere on Fremont Street.
1	I'm not one to write a review, but, it seemed necessary for what happened to my sister today at the Mermaids casino. My sister is muslim and wears a hijab on her head. She wasn't in the casino for more than a minute when she was told to "take this off" while making a circle with his finger around his face. She said no, that it is a part of her religion, and he persisted by yelling "take it off or I will throw you out." She said no, and he grabbed her, picked her up off the ground and carried her outside forcefully. We went inside to talk to the manager, but he insisted that they politely asked her just to take her hood off. These people are racist pieces of sh*t.
2	Look for the shady crackhouse looking place that they turned into a slots only casino. I know Downtown is a step down from the Strip, but this takes the cake.If it weren't for Anthony Bordain's feature of the deep fried oreo's this place would get no action. 3 for .99 is pretty impressive. but that takes this place from 1 to 2 stars. The crowd and workers here are a joke. Too bad they don't have a take out counter because I'd rather not step foot in this place. Mermaids you suck!
4	great place to soak up the alcohol with fried twinkies, oreos, hot dogs and french fries on the cheap.
3	Mermaid's is known for only one thing and one thing only: the fried twinkies & oreos.OK, maybe two things...Just down the street is a place called Heart Attack Grill. On Fremont, we don't count calories, fat, or cholesterol content. Las Vegas is one of the few places where its totally appropriate to deep fry our junk food.VARIETY: In addition to the fried up sweets, you can order fries topped with a mound of fake cheese and chili, a massive quarter-pound hot dog, or even some of those White Castle mini-burgers which honestly look like they were microwaved. CHEAP-EAT PRICES: Battered and deep-fried, an order of 3 oreos or a single twinkie will run you a whopping 99 cents per order. A single hot-dog is only 99 cents. Fries are 99 cents and for an extra $1 you can top it with chili cheese. Basically, everything is dirt cheep. FOOD: I personally liked the fried oreos. My best friend was more partial toward the twinkie. Its a tourist-trap but at least it wasn't expensive. We didn't finish either but they were good for the first bite or two. An order of both will only cost $2. Why not? You might get diabetes tomorrow..... And you can proudly boast that you deep fried a preservative laden desert and ate it.TIP: MERMAIDS IS CASH ONLY! THIS INCLUDES THE BAR!
4	To Scott A. from Santa Monica:You're a joke!  Sorry that Mermaids isn't a Panera Bread where you can get free WiFi for your ipad.  I like it BECAUSE of the people who play and work there.  I have had more drunken revelry and seen more hillarious stuff there on a Tuesday night than anywhere else in Vegas.  Who cares about fried Oreos?  I go there to get drunk and laugh my ass off with my fellow customers and tourists.  If you think you're above it all than stay away, we don't want you.  Just remember while you smear nasty purell all over your unwashed hands because you get stage fright at a public restroom that you already have the disease.  The cure is to realize you're just as weird as everyone else.
5	Super delicious food, drinks, and slushies! Great service, especially Ling Ling! Me and my friends just went and had a ton of fun, definitely will go back
4	Deep fried twinkies only reason to come here. Hot dogs look good.
2	I know down town is a step down from the strip but honestly we all know this place is known for one thing only, its famous fried Oreo's and Twinkies. Something I've been dying to try. Maybe the sweets were calling me or my curiosity of this secret place where they deep fry oreos and twinkies that brought me here. What ever it was, lets just say its a one time adventure. Twinkies & Oreos: This was my favorite thing on the menu. not exactly what I accepted CASH ONLY CASINO?: YES! there's a cash only casino. Weird right? To my surprise everything there was CASH ONLY. The slot machines, the fried deserts, even THE BAR! I was so surprised and also disappointed. I don't carry cash because I somehow end up loosing track of paper money so debit/credit is the best way to check my funds. I wanted to enjoy a nice fat Tuesday with my twinkie but unfortunately because they don't accept debit I couldn't :(Like I said its more of a one time experience, because not only did the place look run down like a crack house. The only reason people probably go there is to experience their deep friend twinkies & oreos.
4	I have a serious love for all things deep fried. A number of BBQ places offer options for deep friend Oreos and Twinkies but the price is a little higher than I want to pay for a heart attack inducing treat. While the ambiance at Mermaid's is a little... um, you know, you can't beat the price (under $1 for each and the Oreos come in a set of three). I'd come by once before and they were out, but today there was no line and they had plenty of deep fried goodies. They came out nice and fresh (burning the roof of my mouth a bit) and were fabulous. No, these are not gourmet and they are not served in a cute little restaurant playing country music. But I will definitely be back when I'm on Fremont St.
4	Small casino, no table games, only slots. There are girls dressed up in mardi gras outfits handing out beads out front with a ticket. They call ticket numbers every 30 minutes for a chance to spin a big slot machine. The best thing about this place is their fried foods. $2.50 for some bomb chili cheese fires & 3 fried oreos for $0.99!!
4	I love this casino! It's loud, always crowded, rude bar tenders and just fun. It's totally a perfect example of the bright lights loud music scummy kinda place you picture when people talk about shady casinos in vegas lol. I never go in there expecting anything more...They're deep fried foods of course are the bomb and those women behind the counter rock! Being local and visiting often it's nice to go to a place that more often then not you meet friendly people who are enjoying their job as much as you are enjoying their food! (The food service is separate from the bar service for sure and is waaaaay better)
3	Was showing some friends Fremont Street and this was a must stop for the sexy greaters and deep friend Oreos and Twinkies! They blew some money in the slots and everyone left feeling good and buzzed.
3	The few things that makes the Mermaid so attractive are the cheap (sometimes free drinks) and the bounty of fried desserts. A Twinkie, not unhealthy enough? Let's batter it up and fry it. A few Oreos, too healthy? Let's repeat the last order and cover it in a layer of powder sugar. I won't lie, my inner fat kid screams out for this stuff every once in a while. If too much caution is thrown to the win, the inner fat kid might just be the outer one. When people come to town and we are walking around downtown, this is a fun place to take them. Leave it to Vegas and county fairs to make a staple out of these items. Everyone must try this at least once. I have done it a few times and have sworn it off after each. That resolution never lasts too long.
5	We were in Vegas last week and during one day we went to Freemont Street. I had read the reviews on Mermaids on YELP and it was a to do location, as the wife and I love dive joints. Mermaids lived up to all I had read and actually I was a little disappointed, as the casino is not quite the dive YELP reviewers made it out to be. I would say it rates with Slots of Fun or Osheas. We did have the Deep Fried Oreos for $1.07 with tax and $1.00 tip (be sure and leave me a tip honey) and they were fresh and hot, delish. On the next trip we will try the twinkee. We gambled and hung out for about an hour and my wife also won the ticket drawing, and got $3.00 (so people do in fact win the drawing, just to correct some incorrect assumptions). The tables were clean and the wife loved to get real coins for her winnings. I got some pictures taken with the Mermaid girls out front and all in all we had a great time at Mermaids Casino. We will be back.
2	Tiny casino filled with people talking to themselves.  Drinks made with half a shot of alcohol and the alcohol appears to come from the 99cent store.  They only take cash and do not tell you until after you order.  Two stars for the cheesy girls outside handing out beads.
5	absolutely love coming here for the yard drinks. by far, the strongest, yet not overwhelmingly powerful (like when you were 19, in college, & thought it would be cool to add a splash of 7-up to water bottle full of vodka) yard drink i have every had. definitely add the extra shot for $3 more, unless you can't handle it, and then i recommend hittin' up circus circus, because that's where u belong. remember to try and keep the plastic yard container, as refills are half off! also, it's great this casino still has a few machines that pay out in coins, which gives you the feel of being in old school vegas. i'll be back in early june!
3	I shouldn't be in here. I know what the consequences are. I'm going to be paying for it later.. but you only live once right? Deep Fried Twinkie - 99c. It taste pretty good, the batter is light, and after frying the hydrogenated whipped filling actually transforms into a pastry cream like substance. I would give it 4 stars in fact only if the guy didn't pre-fry them. But, I understand since there was a line of 10 in front of me and a line of 15 behind me. Now I'm off to the gym for the next 2 hours!!!
3	Wandering over to Freemont Street after our Philipine style breakfast at California casino up the street.My friend says this place has FRIED OREOS! Three hot and crispy for 99cents!Intrigued, I followed her there.Mind you, I knew Vegas was a cheesy place, but Mermaids is pretty low rent! There are girls out front in neon feather outfits (the outfits are dirty and so ratty looking) handing out beads and raffle tickets you put into a fishbowl for a drawing for a chance at a free pull at a slot machine for a chance to win $10K!Anyways back to the fried Oreos...if you can look beyond the run down facade of this place and the Wal-Mart clientele schlepping around, then this place is ok.This place is mostly patronized by locals...oh and it's CASH ONLY!!  wtf???
5	Plump, repugnant, festering hot dogs stewing in water so salty it would make the Atlantic Ocean look purified in comparison. Mermaids has these hot dogs for around three bucks a pop. You can load them with a myriad of disgusting toppings that were probably purchased in cans at the 99 cent store. My self-inflicted hot dog flavor of choice? The Greek one. This thing is loaded with hunks of feta cheese that look like Lincoln Logs. There's so much feta on this thing that it looks like someone dumped demolished drywall on your hot dog. Not to be outdone, Mermaids tops the whole thing off with olives (no, not kalamata, but rubbery black ones). Here comes the point where you dunk these things in that basketball hoop you mistakenly call a mouth. This hotdog is not only perverse and disgusting; it's an attack on your nervous system and a slap in the face of Greek culture. But it's so good. The woman working the counter was shocked and appalled that I came up for more than one. And wait, Mermaids is a casino? I didn't notice that part. I'll have to look around next time when I'm not blinded by a sodium induced coma. Sober rating: ADrunk rating: A+++++++++
4	$1 hot dogsdeep fried oreosbeadsand actual coin slot machinesthat is all you need to know! Go!
3	If you are looking for a cheap clean place with friendly service for a snack, do NOT come here.If you are looking to try a fried Twinkie and/or fried Oreos with low expectations of the actual eatery, go to Mermaids.  It's on Fremont Street across from Golden Nugget.  You can't miss the huge signs.The Twinkie and Oreos were greasy fried goodness!  Doubt I'll ever go back for more but was definitely worth the experience.
5	was there again this past weekend, and i must say, i will always be a fan of the yard drinks. it has become a tradition that after checking in, i gotta get a yard drink at mermaid's. perhaps they put something other than booze and happiness in the mix?
5	Yes, the lines for food were long.  But the slots are nostalgic.  Dispensing real coins when you cash out.  I cashed out $200+ in quarters, took forever and jammed 4 times.  But it was fun to fill buckets of quarters which you can take to the back for cash.  The waitresses are pretty hot too.  Always a plus.  The slots are loose and pay in real coins, where else are you going to find that!
4	I'm a fan to practically anything fried.  The stars are due to Nathan's for serving up those appetizing, deep fried, calorie bursting, treats.    When I saw the sign I rushed in with two kids in hand and got blocked by 2 showgirls that were handing out beads.  "Sorry you can enter but not your children."  one of the girls told me.  So I handed them off to my husband and promised my children I would return with deep fried goodness.  Oh mother of Batman.  I couldn't believe my eyes for the deals of such deep fried deliciousness.  99 CENTS Twinkies and Oreos.   I think my stomach just grew a bit bigger when I read the price list and I went berserk.  There I went ordering a way.  -My Order 2 orders of deep fried Oreos (99 cents)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d6_UHGiMQb5_m8mi_tRc2Q?select=FnmRCTxZRqkN1UJB7egHZg#FDyc7nJlcwpyzdhNBuzjHw2 orders of deep fried Twinkies (99 cents)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d6_UHGiMQb5_m8mi_tRc2Q?select=FnmRCTxZRqkN1UJB7egHZg#6Fp47qTHRGLYU_Tut8NojwAll American Hot dog (99cents)2 corn dogs ($1.99)Worstecher Hot Dog http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d6_UHGiMQb5_m8mi_tRc2Q?select=FnmRCTxZRqkN1UJB7egHZg#9HHi80uXyaXyRhYRlNGy_Q2 orders of friesAs I said my order frantically, I noticed that the worker didn't even write it down.  "Uh, are you going to write down my order?" I questioned him.  "No, I got it all up here." and he pointed to his head.  He recited the order again and I decided to add on some H20 to help me eat it faster, fountain drinks for my hubster, and cu-sin-sin.  As I scanned the menu again I added the chocolate dipped banana. When it comes to desserts I'm a bottomless pit.  The cashier was quite nice as well and jokingly said, "someones quite hungry over here."  "I have a family out there waiting for me," I replied.  "Sure," he laughed.Out I left with a box full of treats to a husband shaking his head and disapproval.  The deep fried Oreos and Twinkies were gargantuan compared to what I'm used to.  My mouth couldn't open wide enough to engulf it.  The Casino- I've gambled here before and they still have the slot machines that dispense coins!  It's just a different excitement when you hear your winnings 'clink, clink, clink.'. Drink servers are readily found and start up a conversation.  Definitely try those deep fried goodies or experience the slot machines that dispense coins.
2	This is where you come to catch a disease.I come here only for the deep fried oreos, and candy bars.  Im a sucker for deep fried anything.  Although their bad for you I could care less, its vegas, its once in a great while, you deserve to bloat!  Deep fried crap place is in the very back "Nathans" love their food though. Also the casino frozen drinks are the cheapest here. $1 more an extra shot works for me.Get past the old slot machines, granny's in wheel chairs, and sketchy people that look like they are gona rob you and lick the walls after, its not a bad place to get some yummy treats.
5	This place got better for me this year.Last year, I was full as heck after going to different establishments on Fremont Street. This year, I actually went twice when I was not stuffed, and the food was pretty awesome.The 99 cent deep fried oreos seemed fresher than I'd remembered, and although they're not really crunchy at all, they ooze with chocolately and creamy goodness.The 99 cent deep fried twinkies are actually large enough to be on par with the oreos in value, and the crunch on the outside balances the gooey melted cream on the inside perfectly.The chocolate dipped banana wasn't that good this time. I don't know why.Next up on my Mermaid's checklist: somehow being able to try the 99 cent hot dogs and the cheap fries here without it being post-dinner overkill. Stay tuned, folks.
4	We loved this place!  It's totally sketchy looking and run down but fried twinkies and oreos make it all alright.  We were haggard rolling in here on Sunday afternoon but there is little that some greasy fried food and mardi gras beads can't fix. I wish I hadn't felt like death or I would have taken advantage of the frozen drinks (I did drink a totally unnecessary bloody mary while losing lots of pennies on the slots, it wasn't a great idea in my condition.)  I ordered a corny dog and the guy at the snack bar started preparing a "coney" dog and when we realized the confusion he was like "you're from Texas right? Only Texans call it a corny dog" and I was like "YES!" (it was invented at the Texas State Fair and originally called a corny dog, that is it's TRUE name!)  Trashy Vegas is more my steez than the new school "classy" stuff, I can't help it!
3	I've always wanted to try fried Oreos and Twinkies and finally had the chance to try them here recently.  I'm more of a Twinkie person and thought I would just absolutely love the fried Twinkies but they were just too mushy in texture and lacking in flavor for my taste buds.  I definitely like the fried Oreos better which were crunchy and more flavorful.  Overall though they were just A-OK.I wish they could re-do the food area for a more comfortable food experience as there are tall tables for standing at only and if they are taken the only other place to eat inside the casino would be at the slot machines.  So not comfortable.  Plus you need a table to catch all the powder that falls off as you take bites from your fried treats - my new dress I had just gotten dry cleaned was stained because of that.  (We came here after eating dinner at Oscar's Steakhouse nearby.)  Btw the chairs are worn-out and filthy!  It is definitely an experience eating at Mermaid's that's for sure :p
1	This is the most disgusting casino/Nathans Hot Dog stand I have ever experienced. Where to start? Nathans: Terrible customer service and the hot dogs are oddly colored. I eat Nathans as a second job back home and I have never tasted one I didn't love. These tasted "off" and so I gave my second one to my hubby who paid for it later that day. Poor baby. The tables for this restaurant are the stand-at kind. When we ate here they had not been wiped down in some time. There were flies dancing all over just as happy as can be. I picked the cleanest one which also happened to be the one closest to the bathrooms. The Bathrooms: The most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen in vegas. Stinky, flithy, and with plenty of graffiti on the walls. Attention Jason and Sarah: I don't care if you were married in Sept 2012 in Vegas. I don't think anyone else does either. Considering your maturity level (writing on bathroom walls) I suspect your marriage will be over in less than a year. Idiots. The upside to this establishment were the employees centered around the casino "cage". It's not really a cage--it's just a counter with a sign that asks that only one person be at the counter at a time. Very secure. If you're drunk and not concerned with foodborne illnesses I highly suggest stopping in for a delicious and authentic Nathans hot dog. If you're slighly concerned about contacting e. Coli or Staph, I highly suggest you stay away!
4	Kind've dirty. Service is so-so. lines are super long, but overall foods good. CASH ONLY!! Everytime I go to visit Vegas I always go here for their deep fried twinkies. They are usually fast and you have to yell your order, so when you get there make up your mind quick, because we all hate waiting!!!!! No chairs, just standing tables, if you're ordering big and taking "to go" make sure you have your own bag since they do not have those there. People just usually stand and eat. Right next to casino playing area so it's smoky around so not kid friendly. Actually I dont' think they even let kids in, well I know for sure at night.
3	This place is sketchy to the power of 10, but that's not a bad thing. It's a no nonsense, you get what you think you'll get kind of place. Very small, very dingy, quite dirty...someplace you won't want to spend your whole evening, but you'd be remiss not to at least stop in.Perhaps the greatest part is that you get REAL money...that old timey Vegas sound of real nickel hitting real metal that you will never find on the Strip (or in most places downtown for that matter). I mean, come on...that's cool. I also tried my first fried twinkie here. Gotta say...not a big fan. But for 99 cents, you've got to try it.
3	very small casino.when u walk towards the back left, there is a grungy nathan's hot dog.this is where you can purchase the 99 cent oreos (3 deep fried ones) and 99cent deep fried twinkie.i preferred the deep fried oreos over the twinkies. when you fry them, i guess the oreo and the twinkie melts so the cream filling inside the twinkie disappears and the oreo cookie becomes cake-y.
3	When I saw Anthony Bourdain eat a variety of fried delights on an old school Vegas episode of No Reservations, I knew I had to make a pit stop to Fremont Street during my next trip to Sin City.  And by golly, I did just that.  Like I was going to pass up some fried Oreos?!?  Please.  Now sure, Mermaids seems kind of like a dump but really, it's charming in a way.  I just wish they had more seating (not just tables) at the back of he casino by the Nathan's.  Being able to sit down while enjoying my fried treats makes the experience just a bit more enjoyable.  I was quite impressed that you still get coins when you cash out and not a printed voucher.  Awesome!  You don't see that very often these days. Loved the fun and colorful exterior of Mermaids and especially enjoyed the jovial attitudes of the employees as well as the people playing and eating around me.  Again, not a top notch and high end casino but worth checking out while hanging out on Fremont Street.
4	the  the deep fried oreos over the twinkies ? heck no I like the Twinkies better and the hotdogs were EPIC . The beer - I think it was hamms   on tap but who cares .... this place has charm and mermaids .
4	Best place to go after a long night of drinking and gambling. Deep fried oreos for $.99! Yum!
4	Tasty frozen drinks and quarter blackjack. Your hands get all AIDSY from the coins, but a fun place overall!
5	Ok so the place is a tad rundown, and seedy. However at the snack bar are two hidden gems. Deep fried Twinkies and Deep Fried Oreos, for one dollar each!!! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	For me, this is the ultimate downtown experience!  Since we only moved here 3 months ago we still have to do the whole touristy-check-out-downtown-and-watch-the-fremont-street-experience thing every time someone comes to visit, and Mermaid's is always a must stop.  So this place isn't the classiest joint you're ever going to step foot in, and it's a bit smokey, but walk towards the back and you will see the real draw to this casino - the snack bar.  Fried treats for 99 cents, cheap hot dogs and tables to stand and eat your food.  You get enough of those fancy pants restaurants when you're here - live it up and get the hot dog and fried oreos for lunch or after a few drinks downtown.  You know you want to!  Then fork over some quarters for that authentic casino experience.  Coins may not have been the most convenient (or hygienic) way of gambling, but man do I love that sound.  Cha-ching!
2	I just want Jon from mermaids to leave me the same generic response he writes to every review. This place is definately NOT clean and sanitary. It closes late at night, and there are no table games. It's just a bunch of old school slots that pay in real nickels and quarters. That's it...nothing more,,,no bells and whistles.
3	Yeah, this place is sketchy. If I were 19 and drunk I don't know if I would even notice. I'm much older now and have a few bucks in my pocket, so I instinctively moved my wallet to my front pocket upon entering. Just follow the smell of old oil to the back corner snack bar. The deep fried Oreos and Twinkies are very good in an EVIL way.You can't do this kind of food all the time, but since I only get down here once or twice a year I'm good to go. Drop a few bucks in the slots and have a good time.
4	FUN, FOOD, AND FANTASTIC MERMAID EMPLOYEESMermaids ended up being one of our favorite bars on Fremont. We walked in and were handed a raffle ticket for a cash drawing that is called every thirty minutes.  The numbers called for winners were never anything close to our number, I wonder how many of these raffle tickets actually have a winner!  I scoped the bar area with it's frozen treats, and husband immediately started looking around for the food he'd seen pictures of out front: fried twinkies and other goodies, and Nathan's Hot Dogs! After seeing the long line in the food area, and hearing the prices for frozen drinks, we decided to sit down at one of the nickel machines.  The max bet is fifteen cents and it's fun, even though it's quite simple. I enjoy that kind of gambling (from time to time.) A cashier in the back cashed in all the nickels the machine gives you when you cash out. (Don't expect a ticket here!) It's husband's favorite - who doesn't like the sound of actual money coming out of the machine! We didn't brave the food line the first night we were in there, but made a note to come back. A couple of nights later, there we were again! Fun! More nickel gambling! The small casino was well-stocked with employees so drinks came out quick to the people betting their money. Not only were the girls working in cute outfits (like most casinos) but they were very friendly.  Even though neither of us were very hungry, we decided to get a few hot dogs. Not bad.Overall, very cute casino for being so small - it was really warm inside but mostly near the back in the food area. Much nicer temp. near the front entrance.
3	Half female half fish women out front? Check.  Free "bud light" in plastic solo cups while you play slot machines? Check. Deep fried snack foods such as Twinkies and oreos? check. Slot machines that still dispense coins? check. Mardi gras beads? check. Bathroom like the one at the Greyhound bus station? Check. Super friendly and fun servers? check. The feeling that everyone in here is gambling away their monthly disability payment? check. You know what 7 checks means? A touchdown! This place was great. Just the right amount of seedy fun. Worth a look if your downtown.
5	me and my friend come here almost every week because we are ADDICTED to the fried oreos lol it really is a hidden gem on freemont street but its so worth your time and money to come to this place. Cheap delicious food and the slot machines are looser than the ones on the strip! once you get over your germaphobia from the nickels, YOU WILL HAVE A GREAT TIME!!
4	K this is no strip casino.  Its a kitschy downtown casino that hasn't changed in ages.  However, if you like to see old Vegas and you like chocolate dipped frozen bananas for 99 cents then this is the place to be.
4	I really loved this place because it is old school. The machines take coins and when you win they spit out the change making it sound like you won a lot. Once you win you are greeted by a lady dressed up in feathers giving you your winnings. I love the atmosphere. Also the deep fried Oreos and Twinkies for 99cents. So bomb!Not a big casino but still good.
5	If your looking for a quick heart attack/ treat please try the deep fried Oreos and Twinkies! They're a buck each and melt in your mouth! The fries are pretty darn good also and only 1.25$ a must try.
4	Its kinda grimey, but you get 3 deep fried oreos for a buck! What a deal! Those suckers are like 5 bucks or more at the OC fair. They are yummy, but share, or you will feel a little sick if you eat more than one!
5	Old Vegas on Fremont street is definitely a different atmosphere than the strip.  Two years in a row we have been to Mermaid's Casino and we don't go to play the slots.  We go for the great deal on the food.  They have quarter pound hot dog that is big enough to split between two but the fried twinkie and fried oreo is a sure win!  I had never had either which could be surprising to some considering I live in Texas.  All the powder sugar and chocolate sprinkles on top of a heavenly fried twinkie is great!!!  Hope you are not on a diet while visiting Vegas because Mermaid's is not one to miss out on.
5	One of my favorite casinos in Vegas!We were greeted by a lovely lady dolled up in a show girl costume, bosom galore, who was all smiles and flirtation. She crowned us with mardi gras beads and spanked us with her strands of beads as we walked in! The casino is pretty small but has a good selection of slots -- a lot I haven't seen since I lived in Portlandia. Lots of cozy old school slots. And they're some of the few slots you'll find that still spit out coins. Beware if you win big! You'll find out how heavy and clumsy nickels really are.At the back of the casino is a two-man eatery offering hot dogs, chicken strips, French fries, fried twinkles, and fried Oreos. Definitely a must try, especially if you've got your buzz on and want some fat-filled drinking food. There seems to be a consistently long line here, but it's worth it.This casino pays out! Give it a shot. Just don't tell everyone the secret of this hole-in-the-wall gem.PS: the daiquiris here are delish.
2	Very cheap and smokey.  We only stayed for a few minutes
3	The food here was pretty good especially if you've been drinking, the prices were also fantastic, however the wait was LONG. Don't think I'd wait that long again. We only paid $9.00 for 2 hot dogs, 1 fry, 1 deep fried Oreo and 1 deep fried Twinkie.
3	This is an older casino, it's past it's prime, but I'll be honest, it was still fun.  The ladies in their Carnivale gear greeting you at the door, the free beads, and if you tip them, they encourage you to put it in their cleavage.  I found MONKEE's slot machines here. I was really hoping I could play them, but alas, they were not working. So I wandered the floor while the rest of my party got in line to get deep fried Oreos and Twinkies (Fair food, at a casino? Who would have thunk it?) and settled on a game i wasn't even familiar with how it worked.   But I plunked in my $20 and set the reels a-spinning.A half hour later, I hit a bonus game and I ended up walking out with $60.08, 3 more strands of beads and a free drink.  I'd have to say, I'd certainly go here again, just to see if it's loose slots or Lady Luck who befriended me tonight.
5	Deep fried Oreos for .99 cents, awesome hot dogs for $2.  I always stay on the main strip, but I make it a point to stop by mermaids for some deep fried Oreos on All my Vegas trips.They only have slots, and the people who work in the casino, are really nice.  I don't gamble much here, but I do love to eat.Try the deep fried Oreos on your next trip to Vegas, and please mermaids keep them at .99 cents.
3	Yes!!! This is the ONLY casino that I've seen where you can put in coins to play and win coins too! I liked that and I felt like I was doing old Vegas and whatnot! The gimmicky thing was the coin and stuff but the food too but I love fried oreos, twinkies, half pound hot dogs and other food that can kill you with grease. The only thing that can be eh is that it looks and feels REAL dirty and old inside and you have to pay for a small cup of water. Would I go back? Eh maybe but it'll probably be for the fried heart attack food when I want a cheap snack but I'd leave right after
5	Hidden gem!This place is our favorite place on Fremont Street. My wife and I spent a couple of hours here playing nickel slots and had a great time.Our main server Connie was SUPER nice and made us feel very welcome. We poured money into those machines with a smile on our faces because of her. Another server was a bit snappy and rude, but I can't remember her name unfortunately.Regardless, this place was a great time and worth a stop, especially if Connie is working!
3	Great Oreos, Great bratwurst, Good Hot dogs and a new item Deep fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Besides the good heart stopping food the place is a dump. They offer terrible service, smoky, and just overall dirty. So eat the food and get out but still worth the trip.
4	I like that this place is still coin-op and dispenses real quarters when you cash out.I will definitely return, I think it is very novel and fun. I recommend checking it out, even just briefly, for the overall vibe and the machines.
2	Use to be WAY better. Sat down and had to wait a long time for a drink, seriously why else come in here with so many other options ? After a waitress finally did show she was rude and said "You have to gamble $25 to get a drink." Really ? Since when ? Also I had been sitting there and had already spent that, so I just left. Mermaids use to know who they were, a little joint that went out of its way to show people a good time to keep their butts in the seats. Now, i'll spend my $ elsewhere. Which sucks because this was always my fav spot on Freemont.
5	I love this place for 1 reason and that is the staff!! I enjoyed going to Mermaids and sitting at the back bar talking to a bartender named Raquel. She was the reason why I came to this place so often. I recently stopped by there and found out she no longer works there and was bummed out. She was super friendly and always served me and my friends with a friendly smile.
1	If I could rate zero I would. The lady or man up front wearing the traditional casino feather costume. Verbally abused my 8 year old son who asked for a simple bead. I even offered to pay her but she berated us. I felt so humiliated by her or his antics. I'm sorry idk if she was female or male but there's no reason to embarrass my little boy. Horrible customer service. Ghetto trash.
1	I loved Mermaid's until tonight. I go to casino couple times a week and tip well $5 or $10 per drink. Well tonight I was at bar and had $80.00 to cash out on slot machine, this is a hand pay anything over $50. I waited over 20 minutes and this is first time I did not tip the waitress due to long wait. As a regular customer I think 20 minutes is way too long to wait for a payout.  I will not go back to Mermaid's until management apologies for this screw up.  This happened Sunday June 8 at about 10:30 PM check your cameras. Again will not be back until someone contacts me,  Jim.
5	We been going to Vegas since 1978 an this is the first year to stay downtown, easy walking everywhere friendly people an found the Mermaid Casino by accident, wow what a great place to have relaxing fun, we spend 4 nights there playing the slots an the video poker, didn't win a lot but we won every night, Connie was our main waitress an she took very good care of my wife an I with a smile on her face all night, she would give us a quick story on the downtown district an was always there with fresh drink for us even when we walked in the door, Mermaids will always be our gaming place from here on out, all the girls working there were very nice to us, its a lot bigger inside that it looks so give it a try one evening an you wont be sorry. Thank You Connie for making us feel at home an for your kindness, we will be back.   Bill & Ellen Woods
1	This casino has the worst staff. From cocktail waitress to security guards. They are very rude. If this business wants to stay in business, they should hire people who make you feel comfortable. Not scare you away! Rude! Rude! Rude!
4	This is one of my favorite places to stop in when I'm looking for something to do. Its nothing special at all but its crowded and fun to grab a free drink, cheap snack and play actual coin slots near open entrances with the activity of Fremont street. The long line for deep fried Oreos is worth the wait!
5	I love this place! Small but great service and awesome deep fried deserts for $1. They do have Nathan's hotdogs for $1.25. The cocktail waitresses are mostly very friendly. There's one that won't give you the time of day but plenty of others that will be right behind them.
2	How is this place even still in business??There are girls in huge head dresses posted outside for photo ops to lure people in. They girls are either super old or not very attractive. They also have signs posted at the entrance for deep fried diabetes (Oreos and Twinkies). They don't even allow kids inside. So if your kid wants some deep fried crap, better leave them outside with all the weirdos and get it yourself. Upon entering, it's super small. The machines still use nickels that you have to go enchanted back at the cashier. The bar is cash only. The employees look like they hate their jobs. And guess what. They close at 1 am! Isn't that crazy?! In the whole Freemont experience, there's a place that even closes at 1?? And drinks are pricey here. I can go across the way to the Golden Nugget and get a better drink for less money. Now I know why this place sucks.
5	Love, love, love this place! The employees there are always super friendly even when it is slammed. Great atmosphere. One of the best casinos around!!!
5	Great place to play the slots, Connie took very good care of us an made us feel at home every night, going back in Sept of 2014 again an will be going to the Mermaid every night. Bill & Ellen Woods
4	My mom and I ordered a fried oreo and tried twinkie and shared them. Our first time trying both. We both loved the atmosphere!! We have played there before and are never disappointed :)
4	I love this place! Old style slots, the back was serving a bunch of unhealthy food but I only had the chocolate dipped banana which was super good. Fremont street was a lot of fun to visit. I highly recommend checking it out at least once.
1	Went there on Saturday. was greeted by a flyer and some beads. After walking in one of the girls outfitted by feathers and a sour look on her face stopped me, pointed to a sign and said "are you even 21?" I replied with yes I'm 24 thanks for the compliment, she then rolled her eyes and shooed me away from her. I understand you're doing your job but the attitude was highly unnecessary and my whole party left immediately.
4	I have walked by Mermaids  for years on my many travails to Vegas. I always stay on the south end (ok, mostly downtown because who stays in their room when in Vegas....I like to spend my $$ elsewhere). I  always wanted to try something from this place however, lines are always too long  ( also sooo freakin' bad for you but I digress).... I ran 6 miles and walked around 5miles so, I decided to do the 'splurge' and go for these deep fried oreos. This was the best splurge, junk, unnecessary indulgence ever (a coronary is a possibility for this level of fried food)!  My analysis: worth the trip to possible death! I was not disappointed (and who cares because it is the cheapest eats you can get virtually anywhere in downtown so, no harm no foul). You get three Oreos' (very generous portions for a whopping dollar). I could eat about 1.5 of those babies and that was a ton (then I could not move for hours...seriously). The people watching alone is well worth more than anything on the menu costs, so, entertainment is an added bonus. Yes, it is Vegas and downtown at that so, you get a plethora of random characters attracted to this place (drug dealer, business man on 'vaca', couples, 'out on the town' folk, trailer trash, etc..) all indulging in the fried wonder served up in classic red/white paper serving containers (very chic in that carnival ambiance way). I am always fascinated by the folks that can scarf down: fries, sliders, shakes, AND the desserts in one standing (no seats). There were a few people actually eating more than one thing on this menu (put the ambulance on standby). All the portions are HUGE at this place! The Oreos' are SUPER filling, greasy (beyond Mc Donalds), probably two days calories, three days of fat, but really worth the splurge.The batter is the same as funnel cakes (super yummy!). You can see from photos (I will leave that to the other yelpers with better camera phones for you to review) that they come with a very generous coating of powdered sugar and jimmies. I would suggest you leave Mermaids upon receiving your food and eat elsewhere (anywhere is better after you have waited your token time and seen all you can see at this place). The place is a casino, after all. The area is: dirty, smokey,  and  highly unappealing, for actually ingesting your food (smoke with my Oreos' please....not!).  The five stars were not awarded due to super long waits. Time clocked in for five people ahead of me was around 16 min. I do not know if I would wait in a line again since time is money and I personally do not do lines for anything (yes, you know us millennials do not like waiting). This establishment needs to figure out how to serve up the food in an expedited manner (tip: feature prepay and order via an app so you can get a text when food is ready). I like to offer solutions beside criticism when possible). Every place needs to 'tech up their game.'  Reiterate: no five stars due to unnecessarily long waits, however,  thumbs up for the ultimate junk food experience (a must do if you have time to spare, a hearty appetite, have not met your fried food quotient for the time, and you are in the area).
3	The smell of the place is totally rank but doesn't stop me from visiting when I'm in Vegas, cheap booze and fried food it's the perfect late night stop to plug a few bucks into the machines and hangout before calling it a night, and free beads on the way in!
5	Came here to gamble and drink! My slots didn't get me any winnings but the drinks at the machine will have me coming back! Hopefully next time I'll hit the jack pot!
3	On several previous trips to Vegas, my wife and I have enjoyed Mermaids.  Deep-fried twinkies/oreos, cheap slots, and fast/friendly cocktail service.  During our last visit on October 1, we were told by a large, German-esque waitress that we'd have to both be playing at least $5 minimum to get service.  Um, haven't had to do so in the past, and after her treatment, the next 2 or 3 servers sure didn't mind taking care of us.  So, either the first waitress was wrong/cheap, or the following were being too free with Mermaids' beer.  Either way, we ended up having fun, and the twinkies/oreos are still worth the visit.  As for German-esque waitress, I hope she didn't mind not taking our tips.....
4	Fried twinkies and fried Oreos!!! Do I need to say anything else? I think not! Ok, their hot dogs are pretty good. Tell the bartender that the drinks are weak and they'll throw in more liquor...
3	If you crave a hotdog this should be the place to go to if your in the neighbourhood, serving Nathan's hotdogs you can't go wrong.  The workers were also very friendly, i have not tried anything else but the hot dogs.
3	I come here for the fried Twinkies, oreos , foot long hot dogs and the free warm beer while playing actual coin slots. Oh and also there hourly drawing for cash prizes.
4	hey man 99 cents for deep fried basically anything and lil bit over a dollar for some hot dogs in downtown.. how can you go wrong. If you go there its not for the ambiance but the sheer crazy that is downtown.
5	Gabriella made this the best day of our  vacation!!!!! Let me explainMy boyfriend and I recently came to Las Vegas to celebrate his birthday. We stayed in a swanky hotel on the strip. I chose the strip to stay at seeing as it was his first time in Vegas, but after a couple days I convinced him to take a short cab ride to old Vegas.We walked around a bit and were headed to the Golden nugget when all of a sudden we notice the two vibrantly dressed woman's at the  entrance. I looked up and saw White Castle hamburgers and said we must come in. When we first entered it was definitely the smallest casino we had visited. We planned staying just long enough to get a burger. Before we had a chance to get in line Gabriella came up to us insisted we take a seat and have a drink. We had about five dollars in our pockets so we decided to hit a slot while we waited for our drink. She was back to us before we had a chance to insert the money. It stayed like that for the next four hours! Even when we said no more, she insisted just one more. All while cracking jokes, paying compliments, and taking care of the many other patrons. We ended up spending 60.00, had a huge buzz and a dollar hot dog. When we originally came in for just the hot dog. Gabriella's excellent customer service and awesome personality has made us rebook a second trip for next year. This time staying in old Vegas! This chick deserves a raise!Thank you so much for and awesome night Mermaids!
5	Love it here! Fun to waste time with cheap drinks and old video blackjack! Me and my boyfriend go all the time- I hope this place never changes.
2	They spend a lot of money upgrading the slot machines but men's bathroom looks like a public park restroom. Let clean it up and keep it clean the local gangs should not control mermaid's.
5	I love this place. It's the best hipster dive in Las Vegas! You can get deep fried Oreos.. For real. The girls are always super friendly and the drinks are fast and strong. What else could you want?!?
5	This is by far my number one go-to place when I'm in Vegas, if only for an hour or two. As of the time of my last visit, this was the only casino I visited where you can still gamble with actual coins! There's nothing quite like the thrill of the clattering sound of dozens and dozens of nickels pouring out of a slot machine!
