4	This was my go-to for my morning sunshine and muffin.  Nothing unique (compared to the run-of-the-mill Starbucks), but lots of tables and prompt service.
1	You know what, if you were to ask me whether I liked Caffe Nero or Costa better I'd say Costa. But my recent experience at Nero was just weird and SLOW. I went inside this Nero to get my free coffee from finishing my stamp card (woohoo!) And there was just me and another person in the line to get a coffee and it seemed like it took a good 10 minutes. The staff member who was making the coffee was forgetting orders and being chatty as if i was his best friend. I dont mind when people say hello, but when I've got family waiting for me outside, I like to keep it snappy. After I politely answered his question 23498 question being, 'Where are you from!?" the coffee maker pulled the.. "oh, so you're canadian then and left canada to come to cold Scotland, what did your boyfriend think about that?" ugh. I dont like the lame pick-up lines and sneaky questions to find out if I have a boyfriend. You're service sucks sleezy nero guy. I just want a coffee.Way to make Katie feel uncomfortable and feel as though she's in a bar, lame!
2	Not my favourite place....I regularly end up in this coffee shop in the morning due to the fact that my colleague works nearby. We buy a coffee and have to suffer the minutes of sitting and waiting for our coffee to come to light. Also recently there has been a staff member (blonde) who speaks to you like you have dementia which is always flattering. The coffee is bitter and makes you jittery - apart from that at least they let you use the wifi for as long as you want!All in all I'll use it because it's free internets. but I hate their coffee and their service
5	Cafe Nero is back on O2 priority moments for a free hot drink. I got my free Mocha served with a lovely smile from a very polite barista, top marks all round.Oh, they also have free Wifi which is ever so useful.If you collect 10 stamps on a loyalty card then you get a free drink too.
3	Not bad - good for proximity to Usher Hall.Does Genius GF chicken salad rolls so a plus point but service wasn't the friendliest last time I was in and the coffee isn't the best.
5	This is one of my favourite places to go with my mum to have some cake, grab something to eat and have a chat with my boyfriend or just sit on my own and use the free wifi. It's so cosy! The cafe is clean as well as the toilets, the seats are comfortable and the atmosphere is very good especially during the winter time. I love coming here. A must-try is the cold milkshakes from the fridge!
