5	I love The Cookie Bar! They have the cutest set-up and their cookies are delicious. I had one of everything throughout the weekend at the Foodie Fest. It's hard to say which is my favorite but the Pina Colada cookie is definitely on the top of my list. You wouldn't believe the flavor in their cookies, so fresh and delicious and the service was fantastic too.
5	The cookie bar makes the best chocolate chip cookies in the world. They call them "Buzz Kill " made with 3 kinds of Chocolate. My favorites. Wendy and the girls are the best. You can ususally find them at first firday and Vegas streets. they also do some of the farmers markets or just order off the website.  www.ccokiebarlv.com
5	I picked up some of their treats from the booth they had at the Vegas strEATS festival.  I'm not sure if these are made in a home but they sure taste home made.  And that's fantastic in this day and age where nearly everything we consume is mass produced and preserved.  Looking forward to trying some of their other selections next time around.
5	These treats are just delectable! The Oreo Kitchen Sink & Buzzkill cookies are my guilty pleasure. The gals are always a pleasure to chat up, also.  Absolutely one of my favorite local businesses!!
5	I'm not big fan of alcohol in my food but every cookie we had was amazing.  We were in Vegas for a friend's bday party and I wanted to get some special treats for the girls.  The cookie bar worked out great.  We ordered pina colada, snickerdoodle, mojito, booze munch, and white russan.  Everything was delicious.  They were were professional, returned my call promptly, and dropped off my order at my hotel included in the price.
5	I'm so glad I heard about this before I went back to Chicago:1) The staff are wonderful. I got to chat with them for quite awhile, waiting for my perennially tardy friend. 2) The cookies are huge and filling. I think my Peanut Butter Chocolate Sink will last into 2014. Bring friends so you can split and share.3) Booze in a cookie is the most Vegas thing I can think of. Unless Elvis fed me the cookie on the top of Hoover Dam.I highly recommend the boozy munch, which tastes somewhere between peanut brittle and pop corn. I also recommend getting a bottle of milk from the corner gas next door.
5	I just had a wonderful experience at this charming little place! The cookies are adorably presented as well as perfectly named by the sweetest staff. The Cupid's Kiss is delightful and pairs well with the Twisted Krispie. I couldn't believe my perennially punctual roommate found this little hole in the wall the other day! It was helpful to know that it is inside the Cannery, as you may get a tad lost otherwise. We will certainly be frequenting this "dessert" oasis.
5	We were in Vegas for a softball tournament and a fellow parent had shared some of the wonderful treats with the rest of us. Oh wow!!!! Words cannot describe how good everything is. And the presentation makes is seem like you aren't paying enough for what you get. We made sure to stop there on the way home and grab some up to also give as gifts to friends and co-workers. I wish you nothing but HUGE SUCCESS!
4	You know those alcohol infused  cookies you get at the foodie fests? Well you dont have to wait to have them there now. The Cookie Bar has the Drunk Pumpkin Punch and the Booze Munch right here available to buy! Here meaning in a kiosk inside the Cannery West right next to Village Pub.  Just follow the sign that says "The Cookie Bar". It's a huge banner, you cant miss it when you are driving down Flamingo. In fact that's how I spotted this place!Love the cookies, cool concept, they carry both alcohol infused ones and without booze. Booze infused ones tastes better though!!They are open limited hours so check before you head on over here.
5	I saw this place at first Friday's. I did not have a chance to pick up any of this delicious bakery, but I did get a business card. I am happy I had a chance to try the Drunk Pumpkin Punch(alcohol infused of course)....ok I inhaled this cookie and could go for another one. I also picked up the Pina Colada & Oreo Kitchen Sink and cant wait to try those to. I will definitely be back to try other flavors and treat others.
5	The Cookie Bar had a booth at Best Buddies annual Friendship Walk recently and I purchased the "virgin" Pina Colada cookies and their chocolate chip cookies.  The Pina Colada cookies were absolutely amazing as they were so different--rich, yet light and truly a delightful creation!  Now I have to go to their store!
5	Awesome sweets! Very 1950s moment when I was handed a coke in a glass bottle and a cookie and just sat at the bar chatting. Love it here! (Hint: get the black Irish!)
5	What a hidden little gem! I was getting a car wash and when I was walking to their indoor waiting area, a huge cookie bar sign caught my eye! There's a special little place in my heart for cookies haha so I walked over and the lady was explaining to me that her and her mom make the cookies fresh and that the cookies with the white string are alcohol infused and the one with the red string are not! What a great concept! Alcohol infused cookies and there were also alcoholic drinks available too. But since I didn't have lunch in my tummy yet, I settled for just cookies. I got the pina colada, chocolate mojito and red velvet. All of them were amazingly moist with the perfect balance of sweetness. They were also not too cakey and not too chewy, again, the perfect balance! The Pina colada is  two pineapple coconut flavored cookies with this delicious cream between them. The chocolate mojito was my favorite!!! It had Andes mint chocolates in it with lots of chocolate and almost a brownie texture yum!!! The red velvet, I've yet to try because I got full! Haha but I'm sure it will taste amazing like the other cookies. Make sure to check in to get a free buzz kill cookie!! They will definitely be seeing me again soon!
5	I hope everyone is able to try this place!  Ok, so I am getting my car washed after a LONG trip to Oklahome (and mulitple dead bug bodies on my car-necessitating the car wash) and it was super busy.  My friend pointed out a sign that said "cookie bar."  I thought she had lost her mind, but there was the sign.  So we walk in...and there it was.We got to talking to the owner who told us her and her mother make everything, and their cousins make the aprons and hand paint the martini glasses.  So cute.  So what did we do?  Try a little of everything.I got the alcohol free versions (it was still a work day and we had to go back to work after the bug bodies were scraped away) but my friend was bold and got the alcohol version of the chocolate mojito.  I didn't try that, but I did split the non alcoholic mug shot with my secretary.  Amazing!Then I got the booze munch (without alcohol) to sneak into the Smith Center that night and it was fantastic.  A lot of work to make.I also just remembered I bought a kitchen sink bar that is still in my fridge.  I have to eat that.She also gave us (GAVE US) a twisted krispie she is testing out...a krispy treat on a stick shaped like lips, with caramel, chocolate and sea salt.  It was fantastic!!!I hope everyone comes here!!!!
4	Items Selected:Buzzkill - Chocolate Chip Cookies with Dark, Semi-Sweet, and Milk Chocolate ChipsPB Kitchen Sink - Chocolate Chip Cookie Base, Peanut Butter Cup Middle, Topped with Chocolate BrownieWhiskey-Doodle - Fireball Whiskey Snicker Doodle topped with Whiskey ButtercreamDrunk Pumpkin Punch - Pumpkin Walnut Cookies, Rum Cream Cheese Filling, Rolled in Chopped WalnutsBlack Irish - Guinness Stout Infused Dark Chocolate Brownie finished with Irish Cream ToppingNot a drinker save for the occasional cocktail or rare glass of wine with dinner yet thoroughly intrigued by the crowd-funded mother/daughter project entitled "The Cookie Bar" it was the smiling face of owner Wendy Baumgartner that welcomed me to the small Cannery West kiosk, but it was her infectious passion for the project that truly won me over.  Opened early this year after a trekking the catering and festival scenes the concept of The Cookie Bar admittedly seems a bit kitsch up front but with boozed-up riffs on classic American confections befitting the moniker of Sin City lining the shelves and comparatively low prices by 702 standards it can only be said that "bar food" jokes aside these ladies can really bake.  Featuring intoxicating flavors both alcohol-infused and virgin it was with a duo of tender triple-chocolate 'Buzzkill' cookies that I began and with soft centers amidst crisp edges the classics tasted oven fresh, a characteristic no less notable in the red-hot cinnamon snickerdoodle, both individually bagged options a mere $3 and just as delicious as upcharged versions found on-strip.  Moving next to a similarly priced beer-brownie punched up with a tablespoon each of Guinness and Bailey's before transitioning to the actual 'Punch' of the densely spiced and cakelike Drunk Pumpkin it was last that I turned to a veritable 'best of both worlds' in The Kitchen Sink, a 6oz block of flavor with textures harkening fudge while flavors hollered Reese's - an Oreo version also available and beckoning me back along with the Vodka kissed Krispies and signature Booze Munch.
5	I concur, this is a 5 star Cookie Bar... It's alcoholic cookies! How isn't this a 5 star idea. Located on East Flamingo, inside the Cannery West Shopping strip mall, The Cookie Bar is located next to The Village Pub. You will see a massive banner to show where it is, but just look for the cannery west sign and walk in.After seeing a few quite decent yelp reviews, I decided to give Cookie Bar a try. Packing my bags and taking the trip from Summerlin over to East Flamingo we arrived with an intriguing sense of wonder as to what the Cookie bar was. Once we walked in two pleasant young ladies who happen to own the cookie bar, showed us everything they had to offer.The first cookie that grabbed my attention was the Black Irish, Guinness flavor with a mix of chocolate!! Put simply, Heaven!!!! Next up was Tipsy Velvet, a nice mix of a lite alcohol and red velvet!!! I will say the blend is great. You can taste the alcohol but it isn't overpowering.Checkin and get the free Buzz Kill Cookies...They also provide Non - Alcoholic cookies as well!!! Most are in both versions of the cookies so don't feel you can't drop by because you don't drink alcohol, they are just as good!!!! The young lady also gave my son a Twisted Krispie on a stick which I can't seem to get off him!Service here was amazing!!! For a family run business that has not been opened long, I give massive props!!!  Once the rest of yelp community swings by and grabs some of these amazing cookies, maybe they can open in Summerlin!Cookie bar doesn't just sell from this store, you can order online and they cater weddings and other special events. OverallService: 5-5Cleanliness: 4-5Cookies: 5-5FYI: They also sell these sweet little kids cars that the parents can control by remote and also after a little bit, control can be changed to the driver!!! Pretty sweet
4	"Cocktails Served Baked, Not Stirred."This is a tag line from The Cookie Bar's website since they specialize in alcohol-infused baked goods.  After reading reviews by Michael U. and Trev W. I knew that I wanted to partake in of some of the offerings, too.  The good news for someone like me who doesn't drink that much alcohol is the Cookie Bar's items come in non-alcoholic versions, as well.  I went in on a recent Saturday morning right after the Cookie Bar opened at 11:00am.  A kiosk inside the Cannery West building, just look for the Oasis Car Wash on East Flamingo.  If you go on a weekend like me, you'll probably see the car wash's customers milling around waiting for their car to be done; they were all over the parking lot and in front of the building that at first I thought there was a protest occurring.  Wendy, the Cookie Bar owner, was very helpful and gave me the great news that Saturday is buy one, get one free day--oh, happy day!  Not only did I get the Buzz Kill cookies for free with my Yelp check-in, but I also only paid $9 total and walked out with 5 items in my box of sugar.Buzz Kill:  two fat chocolate chip cookies w/ dark, semi-sweet, and milk chocolate chips.  These were the free cookies via Yelp check-in, fresh and tasty classic cookies.Twisted Krispie:  A big, dense Rice Krispie treat on a stick:  browned butter, sea salt, white chocolate.  This tasted a little too salty for me.Tipsy Velvet:  two red velvet chocolate chip cookies with white, dark, milk, and semi-sweet chocolate chips with a white chocolate drizzle on top.  I got these for my son, the red velvet fan.  He let me sample and I liked it very much with all the different chips in there.  I would buy these again.Mug Shot:  a root beer butter cookie w/ buttercream frosting.  I gave this to my co-worker, so I don't know if it's good or not.PB Kitchen Sink:  chocolate chip cookie bottom, peanut butter cup middle, fudge brownie top.  This I got for the peanut butter-loving boyfriend and he loved it.  They have one called the Oreo Kitchen Sink that I want to try next time.This is a great local small business offering up some tasty desserts; I'll be back to try more of their other items soon.  Maybe I'll get my car washed, too.
4	The desserts here have almost rendered me speechless- they're that good! Luckily I'm typing. I found this place looking for a treat while in the area for work. It's inside the Cannery West shopping mall area as a tiny kiosk right inside the door, decorated in lots of pink and Jenny is there with a smile. She was just unpacking and setting up at 11AM when, and she was happy to chat with me about the company she and her mom started, baking alcohol into sweet treats fresh every morning. I opted for the PB KITCHEN SINK (cookie bottom with brownie top, peanut butter cup in the middle and on top), which was huge and delicious- BF inhaled it. Anyone allergic to peanut products should just give up on life for not being able to partake of such deliciousness.Also got the IRISH STOUT- giant, fudgy brownie infused with Guiness beer and topped with a dollop of frosting. BF went nuts for this as well, as he is a chocoholic. It was a bit too much for me, but flavors were good.Lastly, with our purchase, we got a free new item Jenny and her mom are trying out: an ORANGE CREAMSICLE cookie sandwich. It is heavenly and was by far my favorite, with sweet cookies (possibly a blondie?) that were so soft and chewy, my favorite cookie texture! The light but sweet cream between wasn't too sugary and only had a hint of orange flavor, courtesy of the Grand Marnier they are spiked with. Divine!Thrilled to have found such a secret sweets spot!
5	I finally got around to checking off this bookmark yay! Cookies/brownies and alcohol do mix. I had the black Irish which I ate before I could think of taking a picture of it. :( it was delicious. I also love it when businesses offer checking deals, this place offers a buzzkill cookie, which is also delicious. I just wish they would open up a location on the westside of town because that's where I live.
5	Love, love, love the cookies here! I first found The Cookie Bar back in February when I was putting together an Anti-Valentine's Day party. I now stop by every few weeks for a treat! All of the cookies are amazing and they make a great alternative to typical dessert options! What I really love is that you can get non-boozy cookies too, which makes it great when I'm going to a family type function!
4	Me want cookie! The Cookie Bar is a small sugar infused bar inside a weird building that's wedged in-between two other businesses; super interesting location. The cookies, oh the cookies! Holy food-gasm, these cookies are amazing and there's so many to choose from. The case is full of freshly baked alcohol infused and non-alcohol, sugar mixed doughy delights. I went with the non-alcoholic cookies...I mean, I was working. I ordered the "PB Kitchen Sink, this was more like a "Brookie", (Brownie + Cookie = Brookie)  super rich and full of different textures and flavors, plus they add a peanut butter cup to the top of this beautiful "Brookie". My GF ordered the "Tipsy Red Velvet", which is a red velvet, white chocolate chip cookie with a white frosting drizzle. This cookie is almost worth the diabetes, seriously I could eat about twenty! I also tried the "Buzzkill" which is the standard, well not that standard, chocolate chip cookie. I don't know how the Cookie Bar does it, but their ability to keep a cookie crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside really amazes me. The Buzzkill is the perfect pairing for a tall glass of milk and by the way, it comes FREE when you check-in to the "Cookie Bar", booyah! This place is awesome and I love seeing local mom + pop shops, although technically this is a mom + daughter shop, flourish and thrive. Plus they just got a brand new cookie food truck, so they are available for parties and mobile induced sugar comas.
3	A nice place to try if you're in the area and in need of some sweets. The oatmeal bar was my favorite. But a couple of the cookies were a little on the dry side for me.
5	This place is the absolute cutest! it is located inside the Cannery West center, right next to the pub. it is a hidden gem. I indulged and got quite a selection. The Drunk Pumpkin Punch, The peanut butter kitchen sink and the oreo kitchen sink, the mug shot, and the buzz kill. They were all delicious! The mug shot is my absolute favorite, I shouldn't have gotten just one. I'm not a big fan of root beer but this wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, has wonderful slight cinnamon taste, perfectly soft and chewy and the frosting was light and fluffy, not thick or overpowering. The Pb kitchen sink and oreo kitchen sink were to die for too, its a brownie, cookie, and peanut butter cup (or oreo) all wrapped up in one, how could you go wrong?! Wendy wrapped up my goodies in a cute little black box with pink tissue paper too, making it feel even more like a decadent gift to myself (and all for about $15!) Everything was perfectly fresh and they all come individually sealed so i'm still munching days later and they are just as fresh and delicious! I perused the non-food items she was selling too and there were these adorable embroidered aprons which she notified me were hand-sewn and beautiful painted martini glasses. There were also these little gift sets, with a martini glass and cookie all wrapped up with tissue paper and ribbon, super cute and easy gift ideas! I will definitely be back, already craving the goodies again.
5	Tried The Buzz Kill along with Lemoncello,  non alcohol infused,  and  The Nookie Cookie. They were  delicouis. I had my dad taste them too and he enjoyed the flavor of the lemoncello best. Which you know must be good when a fellow baker of 30 years compliments your baking.  I love having a great desert shop on the east side. Will definately visit again since it was close to home.
1	Drove all the way from North Las Vegas to try this place out and they were closed. Sign says they're open at 9am and there was no one in sight at 10 and 11am.
3	I am an absolute cookie junkie and was thrilled when I came across this little spot- not far from UNLV.I love the concept of a mom and pop type cookie stand. I also love the idea of alcohol infused cookies. The customer service was great, and their setup was decent considering that it's kind of a drab entry area (located in entrance to The Cannery). I had their feature cookie, a lemon based cookie, and a chocolate mint cookie. All had great flavor, but were too dry for me, even though they say they make everything fresh daily. Frankly, it didn't taste fresh baked. I really wanted something exceptional, and what I got was a decent, basic cookie experience.
5	Yum, just yumm! I got the pina colada cookie and it was so good. Very special. I love the flavor - the pineapple and cherry!
