1	Awful. Completely awful. I wasnt going to write this review because i hate seeing negative reviews but after i saw my credit card statement i am leaving it bc this is a dirty business. Went here for breakfast with my family, restaurant is completely disgusting and dirty, the service was awful and the food was worse. They ended up taking off one if our plates bc THE EGGS WERENT COOKED. Like, at all, and the man tried to argue they were "over easy" over easy means the yolks arent broken, not that the whites arent cooked. Ok so total comes out to $36 after the one is taken off, $7 tip. Credit card statement: total $49. They added the food they took off into the tip so they would get the money for it. COMPLETELY DIRTY AND ILLEGAL. This business will not succeed because of the dirty business practices you do. You serve shit for food and like i said i wasnt going to write a Negative review bc the food did suck as well as the service but i did bc of the dirty business practice of this skeeze ball. You can have MY $6 because you will pay MORE than that because you stole from me and because you are dishonest and disgusting. Good luck with your shitty restaurant.
1	When you first walk in you notice the aroma of a musty basement.  It doesn't get better from there.  The food appears good  on the menu and website.  WARNING!  iT Does not taste good or look good in reality.  They were out of hamburger meat on a Friday no less.  The service is the only thing I can say positive about the place.  The owner's attitude is horrible and the only thing Brooklyn about this place.  'On the other review, I saw the thing about the credit card being overcharged.  Same thing happened to my co-worker.
1	Went there for lunch today and had to walk out.  Waitress had major problems understanding and speaking English.  She was not familiar with the menu either.  I asked her what the soup of the day was and she didn't have a clue.  She went to check and came back to say they were making the soup....but it would not be ready.  Mind you, we walked in at 11:45 am....wouldn't a diner make sure they had soup ready for their lunch crowd?!  By the way....we were the ONLY diners in the entire restaurant.  I asked the waitress if they made their salad dressings in-house and she said no.  We then turned in our order and regretted it instantly.  We didn't feel our waitress even took down what we asked for.  She was nice but obviously unsure of herself.  We asked her to cancel the order & left.  The place smelled really funky!  Music would have helped the big, empty, eerily silent restaurant.
1	If it was possible for me not to give a star then that is how I would rate this place. This was one of the worst if not worst dining experience. Everything we go was disgusting. I ordered an appetizer sampler that was so burnt it was inedible. It was also missing items listed on the menu. I also ordered the buffalo shrimp and it came out as regular fried shrimp with cocktail sauce. I said um this isn't buffalo shrimp and he said yes it is. He said buffalo is too spicy but he could bring me the "sauce" let me make my own determination. The rest of my party hated their food as well. There was some coleslaw and I use the word coleslaw losely as it too was gross. But what upset me most about the experience was that we left a cash tip and i noted cash on my cc reciept but they went an added an addtional 7 dollars to my amount. I would complain except I left the receipt and frankly I never want to go near that place again. We were so creeped out being the only people in the place....don't waste you time and money unless you want a horror experience.....
1	I agree with all of the bad reviews that i have seen posted. Hand's down the worst experience that I have ever had at a restaurant. The food was inedible. We seriously threw it in the trash when we got home. I'm not exaggerating, ordered pizza after spending almost $40. I can't believe it's still open.  Not for much longer I'm sure. The owner is very shady. Doesn't deserve the one star. I believe the cashier was around ten years old.  The owner's daughter, real professional.
