5	If I were going to be visiting a pediatrician, Dr Judy is THE ONE pediatric doctor that I would like to see.Dr Judy explains everything, answers all concerns and she is even prepared with valuable knowledge for the "just in case"/"contingencies".  She tells you, if your child is taking this medication, you might see these symptoms and what to do if you do see them.  When I first met Dr. Judy, I honestly thought that she talked far too much.  But as I got to know her, I began to appreciate the information she provided.  I absolutely trust her knowledge and advice.  She has young children and she will honestly tell you what she'd do with her 2 or 4 year old.  She's very good about that.  The office is staffed with caring and sweet nurses.  Linda, Libby and the other ladies that work there are awesome.  I can't say how happy I am to call that office and ask questions.  I've called the office during the day with questions and I've never felt like I've called too much.  They welcome my questions and encourage it.The office is also staffed with 2 other doctors.  I would imagine they are as wonderful as Dr Judy Clark Barnes.NOTE: this practice was "Saguaro Pediatrics"
5	We LOVE Dr. Judy Barnes Clark. She is truly amazing.  She has been my son's Dr. since he was born and we couldn't be happier.  She gives you complete information and answers any questions you might have.  I chose Dr, Judy because my bosses son recommended her. He said he liked his Dr. the most out of all of them because she would talk to him, and ask him questions instead of just his mom.  My son has had some health problems and delays since birth and Dr. Barnes has really worked with us to in prove his health and find the answers we are looking for.  I think one of the best things about this office is you can always see a doctor the same day if needed.  So if something comes up they can usually fit you in somewhere.
5	Love this place - started with Dr. Gross since he took preemies and was super happy with him but he left and we merged to Dr. Clark and am super happy with her. She follows up on her own time and checks to make sure your child is doing well! She is so happy and friendly. And the staff! Amazing they really helped me and did all of the leg work to get my son the Synagis shot. Love this place!
5	My son has been coming here since he was born. Dr. St. Jacque is phenomenal. He has excellent bedside manner and addresses any questions or concerns without hesitation and with kindness. The only downside to this office is two things. Some of the nurses can be a bit brute and bedside manner suffers with them. As well as the temperature of the rooms is almost unbearably hot in the summer. My husband and I trust Dr. St. Jacque and his knowledge and abilities as a pediatric dr. We will be coming here for years to come.
5	We have been taking our 3 boys to Dr. St Jacque since birth, we love him and his staff, esp. Linda and Katie, they have all ways taken care of my boys even if we did not have copay money or ins.
