4	Fi-na-lly! Target has arrived and it's every bit as fun and interesting as I thought it would be. I went on the opening day, brimming with excitement, as I've been waiting over two years for this retail giant to settle.I wish I took a day off and went sooner 'cause it was packed with people and shelves were coming bare. I still managed some excellent finds, particularly in women's apparel.Target is young, modern, trendy, it's not the Zellers I was used to from the 90's and it's not as low key as Wal Mart. I actually feel cool for shopping at Target! Store is clean, spacious, but well stocked. There are many exclusive brands and collaborations with big names in fashion, household goods and decor that are a step up from no-name labels, lots of groceries, personal care items and soon enough, their own built in pharmacy run by Brunet. They even have a Starbucks if you need a shopping boost ;)Target is true to how they have been advertising themselves:  a one-stop shopping destination for affordable, stylish, quality products. The staff is all smiles, extremely courteous and helpful. Even the uniforms are cute! Fitted red blazers and khaki skirts on some of the personnel reminded me of airline hostesses. Thank goodness there is something to occupy that ever desolate Portobello mall, we now have something to buzz about!The only thing that disappointed me is that they did not print a flyer for this opening week or have any special promotional items. Maybe I got there too late, I couldn't even find a festive balloon! Prices are reasonable, not any more expensive than their competitor, plus, they price-match, so I'm looking forward to upcoming sales.Btw, you can sign up for their credit or debit card program to get 5% off all purchases, make sure you inquire at their customer service desk. It'll be worth it long run!
4	And them BAM! They are here. Been shopping at Target cross the border but it's finally great to have the stores here. The prices certainly don't seem to have adjusted (I'm sure it will take time) and not all the brands are here, but it's nice to see the core brands and actually have some design in the store. The shelves stocked, neatly, though we will see how long that lasts. No playing hunt-the-wumpus if you want to scan a UPC, like at other stores (Why is it so damn difficult to actually put in price scanners so I don't have to carry around stuff looking for the scanner and then dump it, so they have to put it back and create more work for themselves?)The store is bright (yes, they have LIGHTS). The colours are vibrant. They offer 5% if you use their CC or their debit card issued by RBC. It will be interesting to see how they adjust to Canadian tastes and prices as they start to import more directly to Canada. I'll spend a few extra bucks to avoid having to go to stores that aren't consumer friendly and grey.
4	I don't know if it's only because its the brossard location but this location is very quiet. You can easily shop around with no hassle. They are very upkept and the store is very clean and tidy.
