1	Make sure to see this apartment complex before you sign anything or give them any money.  My family moved across the country in July and quickly needed a temporary apartment while looking for a house.  Based on their website we applied, were accepted, and paid a deposit.  When we arrived at the apartment we discovered it was in a run-down and dangerous looking neighborhood and was misrepresented on the website.  The manager refused to refund our deposit when we did not take the apartment.  Neither my wife or I felt safe walking around the complex and witnesed several tenants with grafiti on their run-down cars.  We were also put off by the mandatory alarm systems on all doors.  See other reviews on Google Maps and apartments.com for other scary details from tenants.
1	This is one of the worst apartment complex I've lived in! The leasing office ladies don't know how to do their job! They charge us for random shit when we pay, they don't fix anything just tell you they'll call you bout it then don't call. There are bugs inside like if it's infested they won't do anything bout it. They charge us all differently in rent. They say utilities were gonna be included in the beginning then hit ya with it was a mistake that they said that once the bill comes. They're just very uncoordinated and unprofessional. And should probably reconsider how to do all this leasing and put more effort into these apartments if they want people still to rent them out. I would start recommending not to recommend people renting here at all! Worst first experience ever!
3	My roommate and I moved here about a year ago and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of space we had in our apartment. Of course it depends on which side your on, but ours was relatively quiet, and if there was ever an issue with noise it was dealt with promptly. We have a washer and dryer inside which provides for a lot of connivence. As far as safety, it's Maryvale, which to my knowledge doesn't have the greatest reputation but people pretty much stick to themselves. I like the ladies at the office, their helpful & insightful. And do their best to resolve any issues.
