4	Pretty nice new atmosphere. It seems larger than the Westgate one. Staff were very friendly and helpful.
5	I am thrilled to have Hy-Vee in Fitchburg!  Before Hy-Vee, I would have to go to several different grocery or specialty stores to get all the items I needed.  Now, I only need to go one place.  Hy-Vee has everything, including specialty items that other stores generally lack. In addition to carrying specialty items, they have an impressive variety.  For example, at other grocery stores in Fitchburg, I have struggled to find coconut milk, and the stores that carry it have a limited selection and supply.  In contrast, Hy-Vee had a wide variety of brands and flavors of coconut milk to choose from! Another pleasant surprise was how quickly I was served.  At 5:30pm on a week night, I did not have to wait in line to get deli meat or to get fresh bread sliced at the bakery.  At other grocery stores, I typically wait at least 5 minutes to be served. When I was ready to check out my groceries, I did not have to wait in line at all!  The staff was very helpful and friendly.
4	We tried a lunch here not knowing what to expect. Expect that you will get a delicious satisfying meal, well worth the price. Various members of the wait staff kept stopping to ask if we needed anything.y girl friend and I both had the chicken special cooked with garlic herbs and a mango glaze sauce. Not only was it delicious but the asparagus spears and potatoes filled the plate. The plates are deceptively small because neither of us could finish the meal.    All in all, if you want a nicer meal than the usual, the Market Grill is the place.
5	Love the new Fitchburg Hy-Vee.  Clean and bright, very friendly and helpful staff.  They seem to have just about everything I need, no need to bounce around multiple grocery stores.  Cool racecar shopping carts for the kids,their fast-food Chinese is decent, take n bake pizzas are good, bakery made an awesome birthday cake for me, and butcher helped explained meat cuts to me for a Pinterest recipe.  I could go on and on!
5	A great addition to the Madison grocery scene. Love the selection of fruits, veggies,organics, and local products. Usually offers samples and features a fresh salsa and hummus bar. Not a bad option for dining - Chinese and salad bar are my top choices when eating at the store.
2	Less than impressed, primarily because of the pricing.I swung through the liquor store to pick-up a few house warming gifts for a friend... let's compare:1L Cabrito Reposado Tequila @ Woodman's = $17.99750mL Cabrito Reposado Tequila @ Hyvee = $26.99750mL Cointreau @ Woodman's = $22.99750mL Cointreau @ Hyvee = $26.992011 Decoy wine @ Woodman's = $14.992011 Decoy wine @ Hyvee = $22.99Boo. The Cabrito is especially egregious - $9 more for 250mL less? No thanks.
4	Very clean, new, awesome place to shop.Prices are a bit higher than Copps down the street, but I trust the meat and produce from Hy-Vee way more.
5	Couldn't ask for more from a grocery store. Great selection, especially in the fresh meat and seafood sections. Store is incredibly clean and well kept, and the staff is much more friendly than your average grocery store staff.
