5	YUMMY IN MY TUMMY! (c) Yo Gabba Gabba.I first encountered this glorious food truck @ the first ever Food Truck Rally downtown. Now I am a huge fan!Their pizza & wings are perfect; not like any I've ever tasted.  The sauce on the wings are plentiful, not overpowering. And the sauce...OMGEEEEEEE! Delicious! As of now, they're on a hiatus due to an unfortunate fire on the truck; however, via their twitter, they hope to be "back on the road" again soon.
3	So, I was way stoked to try out Wingzza. I'd heard multiple mentions on TV, from friends who live out of town and from a few other Yelpers. I follow these guys on Twitter and was always hoping they'd camp out in the Southpark area one day to draw a lunch crowd. To no avail, I was forced to wait until this weekend! Happy to find these guys at Small Bar in the NC Music Factory for PBR Fest. Churning out pizza and wings for the beer crowd. I had heard multiple cheers of praise and glory about this truck's pizza and wings. I was even a little intimidated approaching the order window. The staff were all very friendly and helpful with describing all of the menu items. We ended up getting two slices of cheese, a slice of the buffalo chicken and 5 Carolina Buffalo wings. We sat down with 24oz tallboys in hand and went to town. I was happy to say that the wings are AWESOME. Perfectly cooked, a little crispy on the outside, not dry, tender, slathered generously with amazing sauce. The Carolina Buffalo is a winner. Mustard-based bbq with a plethora of buffalo sauce thrown in. My taste buds were happy. Uhh...they need to make a Carolina Buffalo pizza. (No brainer, yeah?)The only thing that sank my happy sailing dinner experience was the pizza. A little lackluster and the sauce was a bit reminiscent of box pizza from the frozen section in the grocery store. Maybe our slices had been sitting out for a bit, but didn't have the freshest of textures. I did appreciate the crust and enjoyed sopping up the remainder of the wing sauce with them. I can't say that the pizza was banging on all cylinders or a culinary breakthrough, but is definitely reliable. The combo of wings and pizza in one meal from the street, though? Baller status. Grab a tallboy and it's all over. Foodtruck heaven. So happy to have finally tried these guys out and can't wait to see them at Chowdown Uptown in the near future! Carolina Buffalo Pizza, guys! Let's see it happen!Cheers.
4	Fantastic foodtruck! I had my first opportunity to try out Wingzza out at the Chow Down Uptown event after I decided that I still wasn't full from eating so much from the other food trucks!I decided to give the wings a try, and the owner was happy to answer all my questions about the different sauces (Mild, Medium, Hot, Spicy BBQ, Carolina Buffalo, The General, Mambo) that you can put on the wings. I decided to go with their Mambo sauce (which also is their most popular sauce), and it was AMAZING, it was mostly sweet but had maybe a really, REALLY tiny kick of spice. Now, I normally like my buffalo wings spicy but this was a good change and I wouldn't hesitate to get the mambo sauce again! The wings also had the perfect amount of batter, fried to perfection and were tender! Easily some of the best buffalo wings I've had! Next time I'm going to order like 30 wings and eat it ALL myself!
4	Love their buffalo chicken pizza!
3	Was running late for a meeting and needed a quick grab-n-go lunch.  Wingzza was sitting just outside the door, great luck!  Menu is pretty rudimentary: either wings or pizza (slice/whole).  They apparently have taken a limited menu approach: not a lot of options...a good business model for quick turn-around. First, I'm not a huge fan of wings (too much effort for so little food and WAY TOO MESSY) so I opted for a slice of peperoni at $2.99.  The crust was toothy (a good thing) and didn't droop over my hand while eating it.  It did seem a bit greasy.  One or two slices should be plenty for lunch.  They offered standard canned sodas to wash everything down.   I did find the packaging, the slice sandwiched between two paper plates wasn't the best idea.  The cheese that melted onto the paper stuck and wouldn't let go without taking some of the paper with it.  The positive thing is that it's greener than styrofoam, maybe.   for you wings fans:  you can order as few as 5 ($4.30) or as many as 100 ($70) at spicy levels of: Mild, Medium, Hot, Spicy BBQ, Carolina Buffalo, The General, Mambo
3	Wingzza was parked at the Ballantyne Corporate park area on Wednesday, so I thought I would give it a try.  Ordered 10 wings (5 spicy bbq, 5 mambo) and a peperoni pizza slice.  After taking my order, took about 7 minutes before food was ready, reasonable time if making them to order.  Went back to the office where I ate my lunch.  First the pizza, I was not impressed by this.  Though okay, it smelled and tasted a lot like the Harris Teeter (grocery) ready made pizzas... I mean, almost exactly like them, possibly was (which are cheaper too).  The pizza bread is thick and toppings okay, would likely skip this if I go back again.The wings were good, though they could have done a better job separating them since they were two flavors.  The mambo had a slight sweet taste, while the spicy bbq had a sweet tang too it, not really spicy.  The spicy bbq was better overall from the two I got.  Sauce was everywhere, very messy as wings go.Overall was okay, they are over-hyped though.
3	I have been trying to track this truck down for months and I was finally able to do so since they had a spot at Speed Street this year.  I ordered the special(slice of pizza and wings) which were both pretty good but nothing all that special about it.  They offer several wing flavors and I tried the lemon pepper wings since they are my favorite....nice dry rub, again nothing special but I would like to try the mambo wings as I hear they are more popular.
5	This food truck is GREAT! The wings are really good and are a good size. Tax is included in their prices and they have great combo deals. They aren't expensive, but don't expect a 50 cent wing kind of deal. The food comes out hot and fresh. Their staff is very friendly, I'm always greeted with a smile. Their mambo sauce is AMAZING! Even better than the mambo sauce in the DMV area! The pizza was good, but not much different than any other pizza I've had.  The only thing I hope they improve on is operating outside of lunch hours. Now that they sell mambo sauce online, I've even got out of town friends dying for some!
5	I love that Wingzza has a sauce named after our NBA team...I had 5 Hornets for lunch and they were just as described, a balance between honey and hot!  Lots of reviews point to the mambo (spelling?) sauce.  I ate one of these as well and loved a couple of things that I want to point out:1). The "viscosity" of the mambo sauce was just right.2). The mambo sauce reminded me of a very well executed Polynesian sauce...MMMMM!The Hornet sauce was not quite as thick and a little hotter than mambo.  This flavor is my favorite, but I do wish the viscosity of this sauce was thicker to be aligned with that of the mambo sauce.
5	I'm seven months pregnant right now and as soon as a coworker said Wingzza's food truck was outside I waddled my tail down to it cause I heard great things. I got one...ok two slices of pepperoni pizza and MAN THEY WERE TASTY. I was actually full after the first slice (didn't stop me from eating the second one tho), that's how big the slices are. It was definitely worth the heartburn. The pepperoni was plentiful and I even ate the crust which is rare. I'll have to try the wings next time. They take cards so that was very convenient. The staff I encountered were nice. I inquired about a pizza on their website with pickles but sadly it wasn't available on the truck.
