5	In short:  This place is excellent!  Found it on craigslist in a brief, and very humble posting.  Called, spoke to Chase, and knew I found the place I would take my brand new Jeep (under 200 miles) to get a DVD receiver installed.  My experience:  Chase was impressively knowledgeable with everything electronics related.  The shop is extremely clean, and organized.  Chase is very meticulous and his 10+ years of experience shows in his work.  I really can't say enough good things about this place - it's what every small business should be like. Owner/Operator run.  Does vinyl wrap also, and can set you up with an awesome deal at the tint shop next door if you want (I did).  Super quality work, good prices on parts and labor (got me everything I needed, including head unit, in 3 hours), and LIFETIME install warranty.  I've recommended this shop to all my buddies and will be back for all my electronic needs.
5	I was in a bind and had been without tunes for nearly a month which was brutal. I already had a used deck that i needed installed and i had heard great things about Chase and quality car stereo. They scheduled my installation right away and everything was great except the deck i had didn't have an iPhone connection. So i called Chase and he gave me an excellent deal on a brand new deck with all the bells and whistles. The installation was done right away, and now i have all the music i need with superb sound quality. I am definitely planning on returning to further upgrade my system. Awesome service and great prices. Highly recommended.
5	I found out about this place through a friend and have had both my toyota Tundra and my Camry in for stereos. Both my vehicles had been hacked up prior to chase working on them and were a rats nest to say the least. Chase takes great pride in what he does and it's evident in the finished product. I work very tightly with Phoenix fire dept and will send everyone I know to gilbert from now on. Thanks man! sounds great!Jim KolkmanEarthlink, Communications
5	Chase is the man to go to! He gave me a great price, was extremely friendly, and great service. He even let me listen to his personal stereo system, I highly recommend coming here for your stereo needs!
5	Chase is fantastic to work with. He actually talked me out of about $500 in new speakers because he wanted me to hear what he could do with the factory speakers before I purchased new ones. That's a man you can trust! My system is absolutely amazing. I've used several shops in the past to outfit my cars and boats, but I am by far the happiest with Quality Car Stereo. I found his pricing to be substantially better than other Gilbert shops as well.
5	In a word FANTASTIC!!! I had been looking for quite some time to have a new stereo and in meeting Chase (owner), I knew I had found my place. He wasn't a "pushy" salesman, but incredibly informative.In comparison to the "other guys" prices, he hit a homerun! I would definitely recommend Quality Car Sterro to anyone that was looking for top quality, great customer service and a GREAT PRICE!
5	Chase and Mike are understanding, knowledgable, and honest. Worked out a solid deal on a full stereo system... Came in for one thing, wanted more, and they worked a deal. Support the small shops. They'll treat you well
5	I stopped in to Quality Car Stereo completely unplanned but have been in the market for a new stereo for my SUV.  I have been to some of the local competition and $1 install shops and thought I would stop by to check out the selection on pricing.  Chase greeted me upon entrance and I told him what I needed.  Chase was very informative and I could immediately tell he knew his stuff.  Additionally, I knew I wasn't going to break the register with my budget minding purchase and was impressed that I wasn't made to feel like 'i needed to spend more or that 'I was wasting his time which is how I have felt elsewhere.  I was very pleased with the service, selection, and pricing and made my decision to purchase immediately because it is obvious that this local business knows how to treat their customers and is interested in doing business the right way!  Not only will Chase and Mike get my business, they will also get very positive feedback to anybody in the market for car stereo equipment from this customer!
5	I stopped here because of all the great reviews I read.  I looked at best buy, amazon, etc and never got the answers I was looking for.   After walking in all my questions where answered, I got a quote on the pioneer I wanted, and my timing was great because they just finished a car early and got my truck in right away.  Needless to say I drive away in 45 mins with my new stereo in my dash and I couldn't be happier. Price, service, and friendliness are 5 stars!!Coming back to get some work done on my daughters car.
5	after reading some reviews, i brought my brand new tacoma to quality car stereo. the store is located in a good area, it was spotless inside, i was approached by chase that was very friendly and informative. he installed two amps for me and the bill was very reasonably priced. i went back a couple weeks later and they installed a set of component speakers and dynamatted the doors and it came out great !!!  thanks again chase, i will be back for you guys to make me a custom box .     bottom line.....  stay away from all those other OVERPRICED and HACKER shops here in the valley and just go to quality car stereo !!    these guys do great work 5 stars  !!!
5	I came here just looking around and with how great everything was wound up leaving with one! I worked with Chase and his product knowledge was amazing. He talked to me for a good hour on all my options, most places would be annoyed by that point. His pricing was amazing, he was only $10 dollars above what the stereo was going for on amazon (100 dollars less than retail price on pioneer.com) and his install price was great. Only took about an hour and a half and it turned up perfect ! Would recommend to anyone in the market for a car stereo. He's not pushy either. Let's you decide what you want.
5	Quality Car Stereo is, hands down, the only stereo shop I will ever go to in the valley. Chase knows a ton about car audio and got me a head unit that perfectly fit my needs and my budget when I gave him a few criteria. I was recommended here by a friend and have since brought a friend who wanted a head unit and my moms car to get work done! These two guys do clean, quality work that won't break the bank and are extremely personable and helpful. Definitely recommend you stop in for a quote if you are looking to get some audio work done to your car.
5	Great job. Great service. Clean work. No scrapes or scuffs on install. Clean professional install bays. Great guidance in giving me just what I needed. Important to support smaller local businesses for our community. Give these guys a try. You won't be disappointed. Thanks again.
5	Finally a stereo shop that you can go to without feeling like there's an angle. They are straight forward and won't try to sell or charge you for stuff you don't need. I had them wire up a sub and amp in my car and they used wire-loom on everything so it looked exceptionally clean. Everything they sell carries a manufacturers warranty and there was no trying to sell me one like some of the other shops do. The shop is very clean and organized. They also only carry a handful of brands so you know they stand behind their products. And everyone that works there has all their teeth so that makes things a little easier in the consumer confidence department...
5	I was so impressed by Quality Car Stereo. I purchased a remote start from them for my car. They truly went above and beyond. I will definitely be back and work with them again.
5	I have a travel trailer and just purchased a 1000W pure sine wave inverter for it.  I needed custom length 4 awg cables made for it.  I found Quality Car Stereo online, knowing that they would probably have amp kits with 4 awg that could be cut to length.  I called in and spoke to Chase on the phone.  He told me that they have amp kits, but they also have spools of 4 awg to cut to length.  I headed down and they were more than willing to accommodate me.  The technician was knowledgeable, friendly, and efficient.  He looked at my setup, measured the lengths needed, and constructed the cables.  Thanks both of you for your help!
5	Great store and service. Very professional
5	Chase is a top notch guy. Great customer service and professional. He installed an amplifier in my new truck recently. I'm planning to return soon for new speakers as well.
5	So while sorting out a newly purchase used car, it became evident that the deck and speakers were in need of replacement. Quality Car Audio had great reviews and they didn't not disappoint. Chase, the owner, was really helpful. The tech who installed the said items was great as well. They have earned my repeat business in the future. To me they are one of the top audio shops in the valley.
5	Let me start off by saying Chase and Mike are GREAT at what they do. They know their stuff and they know how to explain everything to the average person. Their prices are great and the service is unbeatable. They built my whole system (4 12s) and after a year of constant daily pounding, they still go hard! Highly HIGHLY recommend Quality Car Stereo!!!
