4	Newly opened Taiwanese-style restaurant that serves boba/bubble tea and hot foods. Affordable, quick, and tasty -- all awesome in my book.I give it a 4 stars because I'm actually not 100% sure if it really is Taiwanese. Firstly, they serve many Cantonese dishes. But more importantly, Taiwanese cafe standards do not exist here -- where is my Taiwanese fried chicken!
5	Wow - a fantastic new Restaurant / Take Away which serves beautiful traditional Chinese food including Bubble Tea. New, bright and vibrant contemporary high quality interior with easy level access and amenities. Owner and staff could not be more welcoming or more helpful explaining the subtleties of their mouth watering menu. I will definitely be back and will recommend to all my friends, family and colleagues. I can't recommend Lian Pu highly enough.
5	Another amazing traditional Chinese meal tonight at Lian Pu. We will be back again soon to continue our exciting exploration of the mouth watering menu. Always made very welcome by the staff too.
2	Was super excited to hear of a 'Taiwanese' cafe/restaurant opening up in town.. food from the motherland.. Yeeeesss~!!Unforunately my excitement was premptive.. half the dishes aren't even 'Taiwanese' and a lot of the dishes have been 'Europeanised', which is to be expected but with the growing Asian population in Edinburgh, I really don't feel like it's necessary.The sweet and sour really lacked any sweet or sour, my beef soup had good flavour but having two pieces of pak choy as the veg component was rather disappointing. The hong sau pork packed a lot of flavour and would probably be what I'd go for if I was to return.I'd ordered cold taro bubble tea but it came warm.. overall, yes, it's affordable, it's quick and some of it is tasty, but I'm really not in a hurry to return.
1	I heard from many people that there's a new place for Bubble tea. It was very disappointing. First the take-away cup I received was not properly sealed. Then there were bits of the Matcha tea (hard bits) in the cup. I went back in and they replaced it with a new again not properly sealed and this time it was not cold, and taste less.The two cups that I had were the worst bubble tea I had in my life. Don't bother go there for one, go to frisky instead.
4	Came here a few times during my few months in Edinburgh. Honestly, I was really excited because they advertised Taiwanese food. Unfortunately, I wouldn't say that this is Taiwanese food...even the website says "Oriental"...but it's easily the best Chinese express food place in Edinburgh. It's more akin to NY-style Chinese take-out food (which many expats will know is different than UK-style Chinese take-out food). However, it's good for sit down (just make reservations for larger parties, as it's fairly small). I usually sat in and I usually got the beef ramen, chicken with broccoli, or kung po chicken when I was there. The beef ramen was more like Taiwanese beef noodle soup and not Japanese ramen, but this and the chicken dishes were always very delicious...absolutely no complaints. The food servings are large enough for 2 meal portions and very reasonably priced. I always got matcha green tea or taro milk tea and sometimes got the tapioca bubbles. Very good standard of drinks.
