3	Always CLEAN and PLENTY of room to EAT-IN. PLUS they always remember your face even though they may not speak english they KNOW what you want. The murals all over are very soothing TOOConsistent. Always the same thing. Burgers & Fries are REALLY good. Tacos are good, NOT very spicy though, red & green sauce are a little mild. They do not grill the tortillas. Which is good if you don't like the mess BUT if you like them flavorful you WANT grilled tortillasA MEDIOCRE MEXICAN TACO STAND A real nice lunch spot. If you only have 30 minutes and you just wanna get full this is good for you. YOU need to special order here and tell them to add chileS to everything to spice it up but the MEATS are very tender & good NOT that OTHER stuff. If you want a GOOD fast food burger try one and the fries are ALWAYS fresh. EVERY thing is MADE TO ORDER
3	Scott D. has this place pretty much spot on.  We usually order the Gringo dinner (I think that is what its called) which is burger and fries with 3 tacos.  It's around $6 and its all pretty decent.  Its cheap and quick, basically.  Similar to Tacos Mexico (which is just down the street), if you live in the area its a good place to go but I wouldn't go out of my way to get here.  We would usually hit it up on our way back from the Palms.Don't expect much more than typical mexican food with some american stuff thrown in and you'll be happy you came.
4	Very good and affordable.
5	I am shocked this place does not have more reviews. Truly a hidden gem for Mexican food in Las Vegas. Easily the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. I come here at least once a week. I always order the super especial which comes with 3 tacos (carne asada), chips and a drink. All for $3.99. Rigos delivers on taste and the prices can't be beat.
3	Their soups are really good. I enjoy their taquitos with the rice and beans. I wasn't a huge fan of their Chile Relleno. I've had way better elsewhere. Their teak fast items are yum, too.
5	My favorite taco spot in town! After moving here from Los angeles i was looking for something similar to king taco, i finally found it! Definitely a regular here its good and cheap! #goodEats #dank
4	I was visiting Vegas from Chicago. I went here solely on the yelp ratings. It was well worth it. Good food. Good price. Clean. Lots of guys on their lunch were there, which tells me its good eatin.
1	We had beef burritos. Food was bland.  Would not go back.
1	The food was OK at best. Tacos were dry, enchiladas were 90% cheese, guacamole was runny and strangely sweet (obviously powder package). On top of the mediocre food they wouldn't take the restaurant.com coupon which was the reason to try eating here in the first place. Bottom line is I wouldn't go back.
1	Im not sure how people call it clean! DIRTY!!!!! DISGUSTING!!!! DIRTY!!!!! Small, dirty, hot, disgusting place! No AC, just a ceiling fan. The food is OK if you like grease! I ordered a steak quesadilla and the grease was running down my hands. The portions are huge, prices are low. Nevertheless, I will not go there again.
