5	Fountain Hills is an oasis in the desert, marked visibly by its world famous namesake. Quiet and serene, the town feels like a entirely different world bordering the hustle and bustle of some of the larger cities in the phoenix metropolitan area. A golfers paradise, Fountain Hills offers multiple highly rated courses with greens worth the drive. However golf isn't the only reason to cross the border into town. Local eateries provide a wide range of style, price range, and atmospheres to choose from. In addition, twice a year, the town becomes a mecca of arts and crafts enthusiasts, when it hosts the Fountain Hills Arts and Crafts Fair.While its reputation leans towards that of a retirement community, Fountain Hills has proven a wonderful place to raise a family. Tight knit school systems provide the foundation to promote long lasting relationships between students and faculty, while ensuring a multifaceted education. With well maintained parks, local sports organizations and outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy a safe and beautiful place to participate in a variety of activities. Jungle gyms and small water parks provide hours of entertainment for the whole family. Fountain Hills is the well needed escape from the growing concrete jungle surrounding the phoenix area while still being tuned into the culture and vibrancy of the cities it neighbors.
4	I've been coming here for 19 years and recall when it the surrounding area was almost barren.  It is still an oasis of green park in a different landscape now, but most enjoyable!
4	Home Sweet Home.
4	Fountain Hills is a true jewel of the desert secluded on the northeast corner of the valley due to the surrounding spectacular views and the great fountain located in the epicenter of the city. It has a small town feel to it with no tall buildings, large businesses (as far as I could tell), and no major shopping areas except for the typical strip malls highlighted by the familiar grocery or department store chains such as Target, Bashas, Frys, or Safeway. I'm sure residents choose to call it home due to it's serene environment and beautiful scenery unlike anything else that you can witness within the Valley of the Sun. As you enter town, you can't help but be in awe by the beautiful mountain range lining the perimeter of your view from the north and east sides of the horizon. To your west you are greeted with the equally stunning view of the McDowell Mountain Preserve, which is 6 to 10 miles within reach and is welcome to the public for easy strolls, hiking of all sorts of difficulty, mountainbiking, dogwalking, & most certainly site-seeing. As you drive around town, I can't say you'll find much activity; however, you should visit for the peace & harmony. Contributing to that theme is the city's namesake located in the center of the city: a great fountain, which faithfully shoots a plume of water for the first 15 minutes of every hour. The fountain is truly a site to see that invites surrounding residents and visitors alike to congregate for leisure, exercise, and public events. Surrounding the fountain is a large man-made lake bounded with green grass and a paved walkway. As you traverse your way around the lake, you'll find pieces of artwork, a tribute to our nation's military veterans, and an open theater. The grassy areas also invite a game of frisbee golf. To sum things up, Fountain Hills is truly unlike any other area or town within the area and is a getaway from the typical feel of the suburban surroundings. It's worth a visit or perhaps if you're so inclined, a place to call home.
4	Better during the weekdays so you can enjoy a quiet stroll around the park.  Don'tLet the little ones feed the large geese.. They are mean !  Although you will get a good jog out of it while trying to put some distance between yourself and them.
3	Nice one time visit. For those with kids, there is a water park with little squirting water fountains.
3	The mountains surrounding this town give it sort of a rugged, majestic feel and that is good, but there is nothing rugged about the town itself. There were a few typical tourist shops on the main drag selling mineral, rocks and items with prickly pear, kind of like in cave Creek, but more upscale. Only two or three restaurants on Main street including a new hot dog guy who won the Tempe salsa challenge. He gave us a sample and I can recommend trying some if he offers it on his dogs. Otherwise, the shopping centers contain the usual target and chain stores, but everything just seems a bit prettier and the house/condos line the streets heading into town. almost makes you feel like everyone knows who is entering their little slice of paradise. Oh and that fountain, well at noon it didn't go off and I nearly stormed the chamber of commerce, but at 1pm the thing went off for a grand total of 3 minutes. Have your camera ready to roll and if the winds are over 10mph, the fountain will remain silent. It's nice, but it's not 540 feet. Still worthy to see on a day trip and eat at Encanto.
