4	Whilst this place has the negative aspect of being part of a chain as well as getting hideously busy downstairs at the weekend in its favour it does have have three very well stocked bars, usually enough staff behind the bars to keep waiting to a minimum (you're best trying to use the upstairs one though as the space at the main lower one is reduced to a prety narrow strip due to two supporting pillars), a good menu containing a decent number of offers and pleasant waiting staff. Without the restaurant side of the business I'd probably only give this a 2 but with it it's a very well rounded venue. Having been invited to try out one of this place's new main courses for free last week it would have been rude not to go along. The new Italian Sharing Plate was a good starter between two. My Tuscan Chicken (breast with mozarella wrapped in parma ham) was reasonable although it looked to have been cooked too quickly whilst my companion's salmon would definitely benefit from the inclusion of some sort of sauce (that said he opted to not have the lentils that would normally accompany it so possibly they would have made the difference). Otherwise business as usual and still very good vfm.
2	I don't get the big deal with this bar, a lot of my friends love it but I just don't get the attraction.We had our uni Christmas ball here one year and the place was so packed it was hard to breath with all the sweaty souls. The floor was wet and there was drinks everywhere, it just wasn't very pleasant. I have also been here on nights when it has been empty and there is no atmosphere. We visited this bar during the day as a potential venue for an event and while it looked lovely during the day, I couldn't forget how much I didn't enjoy the Christmas ball here. I see the gimmick with all the random drink combination's and vodkas but I think I would prefer to go to one of the fantastic cocktail bars that Edinburgh has to offer instead.
2	Also known as Vodka Rev to the student crowd, this place is quite popular most days of the week, particular of course on weekends. It's relatively cheap place with various bars located in different rooms. (which are all open on Friday-Saturday nights, not through out the whole week).They have primarily a large variety of vodka flavours, and you can try a choice of these on vodka "sticks" a selection of shots.Both occasions I tried these sticks, I thought what a waste of money- all the flavours offered were disappointing and a few disgusting! Tye also serve exotic looking pitchers of cocktails.Thing is you think you are getting a good deal, until you realise than most of the pitcher is composed of ice cubes.There is a dance floor and the crowds can vary from students to more... well to more chavvy to put it bluntly. It's the sort of place that's trying to be sophisticated and swish without really achieving the ambiance for this. Instead it comes off as a bit cheap for a cocktail bar, but more of a cheap and cheerful place. During the day they also serve food, and their veggie burger is quite good and comes with under cooked chips and a rather bland salad. But they do have 241 deals on food most days of the week anyway.However, eating in a darkly lit, windowless bar with TV screens blazing out videos promoting vodka deals and people partying is rather strange. There are lots of couches and bars and it can hold quite a few people. You can also hire out one of the rooms for functions, but call first to arrange this. Oh and on  a weekend don't forget your ID the bouncers are very particular(and rude) about this, unless of course you are a girl in heels with minimum clothing.Somehow this makes you over 18.  I still don't understand what all the fuss is about.
2	Smashed glass on the floor, straws littered on tables, sticky seats from spilt drinks, it's all here at 'Vodka Rev'. Sounds terrible doesn't it, but read again and you'll notice such shoddy characteristics are not the fault of Revolution itself, its more the clientele. Catch Revolution on any weekend night and it's just plain rowdy. Its popular with students, locals, even a few meaty bruisers and this forms an unruly lot.Still they don't exactly mitigate the issue either, the liberal amounts of cheap vodka sours and heavily alcoholic cocktails (not particularly nice either) are the catalyst here.Best avoided.
3	A chain bar aimed squarely at students, mainstream nightclubbers and tragic 40-somethings who still "love to party" and have Bebo pages, Revolution is rarely tolerable and never pleasant, but I suppose that during the week at least, it serves it's purpose of getting students very drunk for a fairly reasonable price.At weekends, it becomes a lot more sinister and attracts the usual Saturday night yobs and tarts that ensure I rarely venture into town at weekends. I'm sure they all love it.
3	Revolution - or Vodka Rev as it likes to be known amongst the student crowd can be a bit hit or miss. Some of my most memorable nights have been here - and I'm not just talking about good memories.Some nights, you can spend a brilliant evening here, having fun and enjoying the atmosphere of a full and cool club that is one of the best places for different types of vodka I can think of.Other times you are crushed, hot, stuck to the floor by spilt drinks and you wonder why the hell you ever came to this place at all. I mean, Secret Arcade is just 5 mins walk away, right?Thats just the evenings mind you, during the day Revolutionm tries its damned hardest to be a hip and trendy gastro-pub, but really just sells burgers with some kind of vodka twist (burgers flambe'd with chilli vodka is actually really good!). The food is decent and the ser ice is quick and efficient. So there you go, the food and service is good during the day which is great compared to the hit and miss times you'll have once the kitchen is closed and vodka rev gets going.
3	There's nothing that particularly offends me about Revolution, but then again, I've never once woken up in the morning with an alcoholic thirst that I felt could only be quenched with a rack of shots straight from the bar here. I actually think  there's some really good bar space going on at Revolution, and compared to some of the other far more dubious hostelries in Edinburgh, I really don't have any issues with coming here for a few stop off beverages.I still think of Revolution as being Beluga, which it was for aaaages, and which I always found a bit on the pricey side. Revolution is less on the pricey side and has a few drinks deals going on, with a fairly people pleasing, classic bar food menu  that's been pretty decent on the few occasions I've tried it. There's a lot of drinking room on the downstairs level, but not so much on the upper level, which is a smaller space and tends to get pretty cramped of a Friday and Saturday eve. Highlights are the big cocktail pitchers, and the flavoured shots that are a random Russian roulette of tasty and potent
5	One of the best Revolutions we visited on our trip to the UK. Their food seemed higher quality than the rest of those in the chain. I may fly back simply for the Moroccan Bean Burger.
2	Frankly, I expected better from you Revolution.  Having visited your counterparts in different cities up and down our fair isle, I was disappointed by the lacklustre service and poor organisation I encountered at this branch.I was in Edinburgh for a water polo away match, and afterwards both the Manchester and Edinburgh teams wanted to fill their empty stomachs with some food, so we headed to Revs where an area had been previously reserved for us.  Despite our afternoon reservation, the staff seemed utterly baffled and flustered by our desire to order food.After several had placed their orders at the bar,the confused bartenders asked the rest of us to take our seats where someone would be around to take our order, yet after 10 minutes, none of the tables had been attended to, and we resolved to go back to the bar, where we were eventually allowed to place our order.The lighting in this particular area of the bar is really dark, which would be fitting for an evening setting, but not entirely appropriate for 3 o' clock in the afternoon.  In addition, the tables and even the menus, were really sticky.  This I could forgive, if they'd been busy and having quick turnovers, but again, we'd reserved this area, and they were expecting us, so there's not really an excuse for uncleanliness.The food took ages to arrive, and was really staggered, so that by the time half of our teammates had finished their meals, half of us still hadn't been served.  There's also NO phone signal in this place, which I know isn't strictly Revolution's fault, but is still very frustrating.The only good I can say is that we got a pretty sweet deal for our money.  We managed to get some sort of deal where we got a burger/pizza and a pint for a fiver, which is pretty good really.  The food didn't taste half bad either, once it had arrived.  But I probably wouldn't go back, as I'm almost certain I could find somewhere else that provides much better service and still manages to produce reasonable food.
3	This place varies massively depending on which day of the week you go and at which time.  If I were to go, it would be for quick bite to eat in an evening or in the afternoon at the weekend, where they offer some tasty, very reasonably prices food options.  A varied menu will cater to almost all tastes they have plenty of space, and can cater to large groups.I have found the service to be questionable on the whole, not bad by any means, just not all that attentive and it can take a while between ordering a drink and actually receiving it, even when it seems fairly quiet.Its a modern, fairly trendy place but without any pretentiousness as its a 'cheap' bar at heart and caters to the student types with the promotions and offers for cheap food/booze.  On a Friday or Saturday night though, rammed with drunk people, shots and cocktails everywhere, not really my scene.All in all, it wouldn't be my choice for a night out, or a quiet drink with friends, but for a cheap, quick and tasty eat, its a winner.
2	OK service, and Half-priced Mondays are real treatstoo bad music loud
2	i have rather mixed feelings on Revolution.  it's got a wee bit of a soft spot in my heart as it's where i met a close friend a number of years ago but at the same time it's really not my scene.revolution is a place where people go for cheap drinks (well cheaper than george street) and a bit of a dance.  the bar is alright, it's a chain so they clearly have a formula, but it's nothing that great.  i do appreciate that there are a large number of seats both upstairs and downstairs which i find ideal on a night out.  but it's certainly not the type of place you go for a quiet chat with a group of friends.  this place is for the younger lot (ugh am i old???) who want loud music, rows of shots, and a big space to dance the night away in.  it made a decent venue for some pre-dinner drinks, but it's unlikely i'll be back on my own accord.  either i think i'm a classy gal who only drinks in chic establishments or i'm just too old to deal with the loud music and shots on offer.
3	After having been to the one in Sheffield years ago as a night hot spot I gave this one in Edinburgh a try for a late dinner.  As long as you finish up before 9 you'll probably be OK. (This was a Friday). The burger was good, the Italian style nachos an interesting treat, and the vodka selection is average.  (Skipping the fruity trash, talking real vodka here). That was the good part.... After dinner it started to convert to it's " night" scene.  The music was american top club hits, nothing special.  It does seem to be a magnet for very young folk.... I felt very old there and made an early exit seeking better digs.
2	It was spotting Elizabeth G's review last week that reminded me that I had, in fact, been to Revolution. But it really wasn't my cup of tea, so I promptly forgot about it and haven't been back since.It's got a certain personality, that's for sure. Dark, moody, loud music, big jugs of fizzy, sugary cocktails. Lots of promo offers on food and drink, but the quality reflects in the 'cut cost' elsewhere. Not that it's bad. But it's just, again, not my cup of tea. I'm going to sound snobby here, but any cocktail that's made with lemonade isn't a real cocktail in my mind. I'd rather just have a southern comfort and lemonade, or a proper mojito. Not somewhere in between.I think it appeals more to students, and I think I would have liked it when I was 20 and had a small budget and wanted somewhere to go with big group for feeding and drinking. Just not any more.The staff were nice enough although it feels a little impersonal. With so many great bars round the corner (Bar Kohl, The Villager) serving good food and drink, I just can't ever see myself going back here.
1	I'm actually less of a fan or Revs post their renovation. The food arrived cold and over-cooked, since my table wasn't drinking, the music made 'cranking it to 11' seem like child's play, it took forever to catch the eye of a waitress and no sooner than I had put my fork down, they were taking my plate and handing me the bill... Poor show and 'reinvention'. I don't think half-priced Monday's is going to draw me back anytime soon.
3	I've been in "Revs" a lot for drinks over the past 4 years, mostly because all of the uni societies I was in had 'Revs Cards' which give you discounts there. Never before, though, had I been in for food (actually, that's not strictly true, we organised a Christmas buffet here once, but other than that, never sampled their menu). As an after-last-exam treat myself and a group of 7 friends went for dinner to Revs last week. I had pre-booked a table for 6 but when we turned up there was no table ready for us and we had to wait 10 mins before a table was set up. They admitted they hadn't checked their bookings, because they "don't normally take bookings on a Monday". Which is strange, because the online booking system was pretty complex and required a phone-call confirmation of the date. But, oh well. They were flexible enough to accommodate for 2 extra party members so I didn't complain too much.The food was good - even better considering it was 50% off (a Monday exclusive). The choice on offer is standard pub fare: burgers, mac cheese, fish and chips etc. My peppercorn burger went down a treat and came with a generous serving of fries. Staff were very attentive and friendly. We also stayed for the pub quiz, which was unusually completed via a Smartphone app. Confused? So were we, but it turned out to be good fun. Doesn't come close to good ol' fashioned pen and paper though!
