5	The other day a friend said, "If you like buffets, you've got to try Golden Corral."  I said, "But it's clear over past 75th Avenue, half way to L.A."  He said, "If you don't think it's great, I'll pay you back for your gas!"  Move over Hometown; here comes Golden Corral!  This place rocks, with a huge selection of delicious goodies, including things you've never even seen at a restaurant before. (Brussels sprouts!  Don't like 'em?  That's because you haven't tasted THEEEESE Brussels sprouts!!)  Grab your keys!
4	Ok I have been here many times now. I love the salad bar. Steak cooked to order. Cabbage and Meat Loaf. All food is excellent and price is great too. Also the weekend breakfast is very good and includes your beverage for about $8.50. Give it a try.
4	I'm not in the business of enjoying many buffets these days. My girlfriend doesn't appreciate my ever expanding waste line and my new found squishy qualities as much as I do. So where's the first place I go on a weekend away with the dudes? Buffet.Nope, the food isn't spectacular, the service isn't worth raving about, and the atmosphere is pretty reminiscent of a fancy high school cafeteria. But, it's a buffet. You pay a small, small price for an endless supply of food. Best part? I had steak, New Orleans chicken, gobs of rice, heaps of ice cream, and some other stuff I can't remember because of the food coma, AND all of it was either respectably OK or even fairly enjoyable. Golden Corral will forever have a spot in my heart and a gaping hole in my stomach to fill.
4	Wow, it's going on 2 years since I reviewed this place!  I still eat here often & love it, but I'm subtracting one Star because the tables along the front wall, where I like to sit, always have a cold wind blowing on you from the A/C.  Bring a sweatshirt along with your big appetite if you choose this location of Golden Corral.     :-)
5	Yummm !! I was wishing I hadn't eaten breakfast before visiting this place for an early lunch. My senses were just getting started as I went back for a third plate, & by the time It was gone two things were clear:ONE, I had to use what little room I had left to sample a few the desserts that were calling my name from across the room and...TWO, I have to make it back here soon with a BIG appetite!     =)
4	It's surprising, but not all the outlets of this chain are alike. This one avoids the problem of overcooking items like pork and beef, and our server was remarkably attentive. The place was clean and they keep things were well stocked. I like the salad bar. The main thing for a good salad bar is having lots of fresh ingredients. Keeping it fresh requires lots of traffic, and this place has that. Salads are easy to make, but having a dozen or more fresh ingredients at home would take a lot of effort.Like most buffets of this type it's crowded and noisy at peak times, and the food is tasty, but without much spice. If you want stately silence and dedicated personal service, you should be somewhere else.Golden Corral is a good deal, and this outlet is well run. The weekend breakfasts are the best deals, unbeatable.
5	I've been coming over here fairly often, but it's been over a year since an update so here goes:The old trick of arriving here just before 11 on Saturday or Sunday mornings for a much lower cost of admission than after 11 doesn't work anymore, but that's fine.  You still want to get here about 10:45 AM for maximum wonderfulness!What you get here is a vast selection of tasty breakfast items, including bacon, two kinds of sausage, really delicious ham, corned beef hash, Sh*# on a Shingle, biscuits & gravy, eggs fixed all sorts of ways, & so on, for a total selection of 153 items (today), not counting all the liquid toppings (or the many new items that come out at 11!).  You want to grab all of your breakfast favorites fast, & wait for soup & salad, because many of the hot choices are changed out quickly at 11.Ah, 11 AM!  Great Clam Chowder, zillions of things to put on your salad, & all sorts of great lunch choices (which vary some from one visit to the next).Breakfast &/or Lunch here will run you less than $9 at this Buffet restaurant that really brings it!     :-))
5	Stopped in again yesterday about 10:45 AM to take advantage of both the breakfast & lunch buffet items.  This place still rocks & everything in my Update from last December still applies.  Yum!!     :-))
1	Food was cold and took a long time for drink refills. Is also not as clean as it should be
5	With Great China Super Buffet on 75th Av. having sadly closed, I was "forced" to come over here for the booby prize.  Poor me, having to put up with zillions of tasty treats out for the Sunday Breakfast (& then Lunch) Buffet, having arrived around 10:45 AM.Actually, the only suffering you have to put up with concerning this place is waddling out the door SO FULL!  This is ONE GREAT RESTAURANT!!  YUM!!     :-))Sunday Breakfast Buffet $8.79/$7.99 Sr. including MANY non-alcoholic beverages to choose from including sodas, real juices, milk, chocolate milk, coffee, & so on!
5	Most of the stores I frequent for my regular shopping have locations conveniently placed right along 75th Av. between the 10 Freeway & Thomas, so I headed over here today.  To be sure I didn't get vacuumed into Golden Corral, right across the street from 99 Cents only, I ate something before I left home.Ok, that didnt work.     :-)Oh what a feast this place always is!  The menu doesn't change a lot, but you can know that there will always be a huge selection of mostly regular American food, served at the right temperature, cooked & seasoned properly.  Today was no exception.This time I started with a bowl of Clam Chowder, salad including good cottage cheese (hard to find at Buffets), a bowl of chili, mild but meaty (& I added some more Picadillo beef taco meat to it), then tasty fried chicken, just cooked & piping hot, many other main dishes, & ending up with excellent Hot Lava Cake with whipped cream & a Hot Fudge Sundae for dessert to the dessert.  YUM!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $8.39/$7.69 Sr.Note:  The voice mail Hours of Operation in service today are wrong.  They open at 10 AM for lunch, not 11.  Also, they no longer serve the Breakfast Buffet except Friday through Sunday from 7:30 AM.     :-)
1	needless to say I think they need a good manager for the past three visits the food was not that great I have been eating here for years about 7 or more I have always liked the food but this manager sucks. I have owned three restaurants that I sold and no they were doing great when I sold them I just got too old.  last time there the ribs were cold, nothing like cold lard to make you gag.  The chicken wings were nothing to write home about and most of them were not even put out. I was serving myself to some wings the manager grabs the tray from me so I had to wait on him for the ribs it was 10 past 4pm and he kept telling the cooks not put the ribs out until some of the lunch crowd left.  The other time he was entertaining some guys that seemed to be pushing drugs or something from the corner table but they kept going up to people and talking to the manager been there done that so I knew what they were doing.  Anywho the last few times just had the melon and soup this place has started to suck.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Always enjoy having lunch here!  Today I was joined by Mike C. & Jackie C. & the food was good overall.  There were a couple of minor issues this time, though::*  There were two kinds of soup, plus chili, but no soup spoons out.  I had to ask an employee for one, & it took her minutes to find one in the back (& they weren't particularly busy at the time, by the way).  I have an idea Golden Corral...  BUY 500 SOUP SPOONS & PUT THEM OUT WHERE YOU USED TO HAVE THEM, IN THE BASKETS NEXT TO THE SOUP!     :-O*  There was a Hot Fudge warmer but it was empty.  I have an idea Golden Corral...  EITHER HAVE HOT FUDGE IN THE WARMER OR GET RID OF IT!     :-O*  The soft "ice cream" was absolutely bottom drawer...  (Skim milk?)  Come on!  EITHER SERVE UP DECENT SOFT SERVE OR GET RID OF THE MACHINE!     :-ONow this IS still a good place to eat, but it isn't 5 Stars when they're running a sloppy operation!  I went to Old Country Buffet at Metro Center on Saturday and everything was RIGHT.  That's how it would be here if I were running the place & they need to tighten up their act!     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.49/$7.99 Sr.
5	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Finally made it back around to this Golden Corral today after 8 months, joined by Mike C., & they were in top form!  I started with some excellent Clam Chowder, & YES, they had soup spoons this time!     :-)Next it was on to their great salad bar, including tasty 4% Cottage Cheese, Greek Peppers to go with it, plus chunks of ham, beef, turkey, Seafood Salad & all sorts of other treats.  Yum!Next it was on to a bowl of tasty chili, fried chicked, mashed potatoes & gravy, meat loaf, Macaroni & Cheese, Brussels Sprouts (where else can you get THEM?), breaded fried shrimp, pot roast & so on.  A beautiful All-American feast deserving of 5 Stars!     :-))Lunch Buffet served every day.  Weekdays it's:  $8.59/$7.99 Sr.
2	This was my first and last time eating here. The food was gross. The bbq chicken was cold. The dinner rolls were burnt at the bottom.  I just stuck to the vegetables I thought you can't go wrong with something that comes from a can.
1	The only reason why I even gave it a one is because the salad was fresh  but then again how can you go wrong with salad .... anyway the whole place reeked of pee and the food was unappealing .... NEVER AGAIN .....and then the bathroom was one stall and it was filthy ...... by the time I made it home two of my boys were complaining of stomach aches and I had the runs .... They should just SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN
1	This particular location is filthy,disgusting and horrible. If you don't mind these things you'll have a great time.
4	The services are great! The food options are great! The price is not bad for buffet $10 average and you got it all! The pizza tasted not good. Pasta sauce flavor is just ok. It tasted just like plain tomatoes.
