4	After having my car backed into a couple weeks ago, the insurance company of the man that hit me told me they made a reservation for Enterprise at a location next to the auto body shop.  It was very hard to figure out  exactly where in the car dealership the Enterprise desk was at.  I had to ask two different people, because you either have to walk into the dealership garage & all the way in the back is a dirty door you walk through or you walk into the dealership & pass a few car salesmen to get to the middle of the building.  Once I found the desk, I was greated with a smile and a brief review of the car size.  I was told that I needed to give a $50 deposit but I had already been told that when I called the day before to tell them the approximate time I would need the car. I sat in a nice waiting area with a modern style while they had my car brought around.  Jon walked me out to the Kia Soul and quickly reviewed the small printed document he had on his clipboard.  There were notes on the right hand column with charge amounts typed in and I reminded him that the insurance company was paying.  He said "yes" and said I had a choice to choose my own insurance or Enterprise for the optional damage waiver.  He said if damage did happen to the car, Enterprise would cover the cost for the $9.99 per day or I could file a claim with my own insurance which might affect my rates.  I initialed to select the Enterprise coverage, knowing that the insurance carrier was covering the costs.  When I returned the car, I was told that I owed that amount because the insurance doesn't typically cover that.  I said that I must have misunderstood, but I know that I didn't misunderstand.  Everything else went smoothly.  However, the car did smell strongly of smoke & no matter how much Fabreeze I used it never left.  I ended up putting $17 worth of gas in the car for 5 days of use and I didn't drive far.  If you rent from this location, make sure you understand what you will pay for upon return of the car and mention if you are sensitive to smoke in a car air conditioner/heater.  Maybe some hand sanitizer if you enter through the garage door too. Ha.
5	I've been using them for a few years now. They are always very busy and I've seen the worst of the Worst of rude and ghetto ignorant customers from all walks of life. But not once have any one of the staff returned evil for evil. Somehow they always keep their composure and try to satisfy their customer. I would've been fired within a blink of an eye if someone spoke to me with such Madness! They always go above and beyond to satisfy customer's needs if extra attention is requested. The few people I did noticed not satisfied, left without forcing everyone in the Universe to hear their nonsensical rants! Being dissatisfied with oneself because you have no License, deposit or other than an IOU aka "can I pay when I bring the car back?" is not Enterprise's fault! Trust me, as much as I'm here, I should also rent a corner spot for a cot! I've seen & heard a lot! Bottom line,...They don't give Customer Service here,...they all give Customer Care! This is something far and few now days. They're honest, helpful and compassionate. They will treat you more like family than a mere customer, while ALWAYS smiling! Try it! Yell! You'll still get a smile! They are Professionals! They are not Representives to me, they are Family. If a car doesn't suit you, no need to get your panties in a bunch, let them know right away and they will do their best to suit your needs. That simple!
1	We made a reservation for a mini-van to have for 1 week.  We were told to call this location to schedule pick-up at our home.  We called, and the phone message said they were closed.We were confused, but thought that perhaps their phone system was malfunctioning. So, my husband left work and we drove over there.It wasn't their phones malfunctioning.  It was their customer service.  They were closed.  Doors locked, lights off, no body's home.We received confirmation yesterday about our pick-up today.  We asked what number we were supposed to call and for what location, and they clearly stated it was this number at this location.I located the first Enterprise I could find (Flamingo) and he gave me the number to call for Corporate.  I spoke with a supervisor who told me that the rental was reserved for a different location - on Drexel and transferred me there so we could get our vehicle.More to this story for the location on Drexel at Ann & 95 here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/enterprise-1-800-rent-a-car-las-vegas-8#query:enterprise%20rental%20cars
