5	Best fast food breakfast around!  Love the mornin' melt panini with bacon and tomato!  Their homefries are wayyyy better than those hashbrown greaseballs they have at most places....the coffee is great and service is very friendly!
5	This place went through a complete transformation! I have been coming to this Wendy's for 7 years and I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked in today. Saying they  remodeled is an understatement. The layout is completely different. The ordering process is much easier since the person taking the order is no longer the one fulfilling the order. Much faster and the food is good too!
5	Alright, I don't usually do reviews for these types of fast food restaurants because they usually speak for themselves.  Medium quality food with somewhat expensive prices. So this might be the only one I'll do.Anyways, I used to dislike Wendy's growing up.  Was probably one of my least favorite fast food places.  Probably 2 years ago I retried this location (before the remodeling) and I was impressed.  They seemed to overhaul the quality of the food so that it was actually enjoyable.  So I went here probably 4 more times before they changed the building around.So now they decide to fancy up the building just like all the McDonalds all around town.  I walk in and the place looks great for a fast food restaurant.  Open, spacious, really clean and the staff were nicer than usual, and yes, they kept the Coca-Cola freestyle machine (every restaurant should have these things!).The food (yes a little pricey, it is a fast food restaurant) was as great as I remember, or hell, maybe even a little better.  Wendy's is probably my favorite fast food chain now because places like Burger King and Arby's seem to want to go downhill. This location is the best one I've been too and it's gotten better.  Check it out
5	When it comes to fast food, Wendy's has always had better quality food. Whether it be any healthier, that's a different story. However, when it comes to customer service with Wendy's, it's usually a hit or miss. This one in particular has service that rivals Chicik-Fil-A. Every time I come in, I get friendly greetings from the staff and the manager personally ensures that your order is complete and full. 5 stars for a Wendy's:)
