5	Sooooo good!!!! Way better than Auntie Anns although Auntie Anns is not bad. I love the plain pretzel (butter but no salt) with cheese. Sooo much butter and cooked to perfection at Wetzels. I watched the girl making them too and she was a pro! The hubby and I can't help but to get one of these when we are wandering around the Chandler Mall which is usually after having dinner at a place in or around the mall and going to see the puppies at puppies of love. That tells you how much we love these pretzels. We are usually already full but we have to get one anyways!!! My new motto: "There is always room for a pretzel!"The only thing I have noticed is that these are a bit slow. Not sure why when they have everything already made and all they have to do is grab it and give it to you.... hmmm
4	These are really great pretzels and way better then Auntie Ann's. I love the pepperoni twist and my daughter loves the Wetzel's bits. My only issue is that sometimes the location in Chandler tends to open a bit later then they should..We've gone to other locations at other malls and they are open exactly at 10pm..At Chandler on the other hand they sometimes don't even end up opening until 10:30am or even 11am and if they are open on time they tend to lacking the 'speciality pretzels'. I'm the type of person who will have a pretzel for breakfast and well, sometimes I just don't want to wait around for them to get the pretzels ready.
1	I walked up while the manager was cashiering. He was talking.inappropriately about a girl who.asked for an application and made it very awkward when ordering. I dont appreciate sexist people so I'll order from Auntie Anns now.
1	I was very upset, not with the quality of food but with the quality of management. I witnessed a manager say inappropriate things about a young girl and spoke about Wetzels and how they determine who works there. I'm sorry - but if she bought a pretzel and asked for an app, there's no excuse for rude behavior. Also, before you make snide remarks about customers, you should realize that customers pay your measly salary. Auntie Anns from now on.
4	90% of the time these are really good. Once in a while they taste like they have been sitting for a day or so. I really like the cinnamon and sugar pretzel. The prices are reasonable and they have a punch card where you get one free after so many. The person working the register is usually very nice and they have a great lemonade. If you want a snack while in the mall they also have smaller "bites" that are good since the pretzels are pretty big and filling. Great stop for some carbs!
5	Best mall pretzels. Better than Auntie Anns! They are very doughy and buttery (which I like). My friend got the pizza pretzel and said the dough was not like the pretzel dough, so I would not recommend that one. My kids always ask for them at the mall, it's hard to say no because I want some too.
4	This review goes out to Marc M. and is the only reason why I'm writing a review for a pretzel stand.  :PWho doesn't love a sinfully warm soft-baked pretzel?  Throw in some processed cheese sauce and it's a party!  I tend to find myself gravitating towards their Wetzel Bites with easy salt when I'm strolling through Chandler Fashion.  It's small enough where you can hurriedly pop them into your mouth when you suddenly find yourself in need of grabbing items and it's in a convenient bag so you can shove them into your purse when you've decided you've had enough.  When I do find myself wanting a regular pretzel though, I like to get the pepperoni with the cheese sauce.  It's a pizza pretzel!  No matter how you get it, which flavor you purchase, or which sauce you'd like the buy, it'll always be a tasty and unhealthy bite.  Feel that grease coat your mouth and don't think about how many carbs and calories you're consuming.  Just enjoy that pillowy buttery goodness. The outside crust is always crisp, the inside is melty like ice cream on a hot summer day, and the cheese sauce is always given to you warm and gooey.  Mmm!  They also do a two for $5 pretzel deal so bring a friend! Ever since Cinnabon closed down, Wetzel's Pretzels are my go-to snack when I'm shopping at Chandler Fashion Center.  I'm not knocking Auntie Anne's since I do buy pretzels from them as well but Wetzel's has the better location!
