3	I went here on a whim for a mani/pedi.  They got me and a friend in right away even though they seemed busy.  Got a deluxe pedicure with sea scrub, mask and parifin wax plus a manicure for 51 bucks on a special.  The pedi was pretty good, even though the callous remover got on the top of my foot and burned my skin and they left a bunch of wax stuck on my leg.  Oh yeah and they cut me, other than that it was pretty good.  LOL I know that sounds bad but it turned out looking fantastic on my little tootsies.       My nails, not so great.  I think they forgot to scrape under the nail and smooth out the top with a file.  By the time I made it to the heat lamp they were looking pretty gangly and rough.  By the time I paid, one was allready chipped.  Maybe I'm sexist but my friend, who had a guy manicurist, seemed to be getting a little better service.  It's all good they have a fairly balanced staff.  I will probably go again.
2	Came back here again for a quick pedi without all the bells and whistles and that's exactly what I got.  The polish is all messed up, not even in color and most piggies are missing polish on the sides making my nails look freakishly skinny.  Oh, and the burn they gave me last time I was in gave me a scar.  Blah.
3	I was in the neighborhood a couple of weeks ago and got a manicure and pedicure. They have a weak magazine selection, charge extra for callous removal (really?) and my technician tried to upsell me 3 times to a $50 package. I am not likely to go back.
5	This is my favorite nail salon in Vegas. It is located by North Decatur and 215 in the same shopping center parking lot as Costco.David is my manicurist. When he puts tips on they stay on until I have them removed. Seriously. He's did my nails once before I went on an international trip and they were still on 2 months later! Only once have I had a nail break and he fixed it for free. The selection of tips are also great. Usually I do pink and white but he has numerous other options. The ones I've tried are Royal Flush, Playboy, and Louis Vuitton. For the pedicure I always get the "Deluxe" so I' don't even know what their normal pedicure consists of. The deluxe is very pampering, includes callous removal, extended leg massage, exfoliation, and massaging chair. Usually there are movies playing on the flat panel tvs. Brenda does my eyebrow waxing. She shapes them better than I can do myself.  I found this place by referral. It has never been close to where I live but it is worth the drive. I won't go anywhere else in Vegas anymore. Been there, done that, and this is the only place I trust to do a good job.
5	Only time in my 20 years or so of on again off again acrylics, one NEVER broke or lifted...had them on for 9 months straight with NEVER one gone...the pedicures are awesome, massage is absolutely fabulous...my first time having a man do it, and he was amazing.  But everyone i ever had there gave a great massage
1	Extremely over priced for crappy work. My skin had more acrylic and gel on it then my nails do. My nails are thick and they look horrible. The polish and gel look chipped and warn an hour after I left  as if they we're done a month ago. I went in for a fill French manicure and gel cover. They charged me $28. My fingers itch so bad. I will never go back. Giving them 1 star is 1 to many.
1	I ignored the negative reviews because it's so close to my house. My mistake.So sloppy and careless. The guy that did my feet cut the nails unevenly, half assed polished them, and then globbed on a top coat. I told them twice it was sloppy. He pretended to fix it by wiping the polish off my skin, but never quite doing a good job.Two days later, the paint is peeling off. Now I have to wait for the nails to grow out so that I can get them done right.....someplace else!
4	Surprised about the negative reviews.  Been going here for a while now, so have several friends, and we are always very pleased...it's the only place i've gotten acrylics and NEVER had one lift or break in over a year of getting fills. Is a bit pricey tho. My gel pedi is still perfect after 4 weeks!  Helen rocks.
1	This is my last visit here. Careless sloppy work and like others said they up charge for callous remover! The man who just did my pedicure didn't even dry my legs before applying moisturizer so basically had a crappy massage and no moisturizer. He was in a hurry to get out the door. he was miserable with no personality at all. Seriously worst pedicure in years! There are a million other places to go so do that!
5	Great pedicure! One of the best ones I have ever had. Mike was great company! :)
1	Horrible! They do a terrible job and have horrific customer service! Do not go to them...
1	I was going there for a while,trying different people but getting same thing done. When it came to paying I was charge differently all the time didn't make sense . They also charge extra for everything!  The girls are always learning new designs to make more money scammers!!! Everywhere else is a flat rate up front . Not them!!! Also think is very rude that employees are always speaking other languages besides English hello!!! This is America. Treat your customers with respect!!!! They really need to work on customer service.  Will never go back! I had to give it 1 star because it won't allow me to give ZERO stars.
5	I love this salon.My nails are so unique and fabulous!! Great service, friendly, quick, and they are very sweet!Thank you so much for hooking my nails up, I love them. I will deff return.
5	Great place. Being new to the area it's hard to find a place that isn't going to very super expensive.  Got a pedi and my mom got a mani /pedi.  They took the time to take good care of both of us and didn't do a rush job. We are both super pleased and will be coming back again.
5	I have been coming here for years. The treat me well and they always do a great job. Almost all the techs are great. They do gel, acrylic. Their deluxe pedi rocks! I love this place!!!
1	I usually go to a different salon, but this one was on my way so I decided to give it a try.  I was charged $43 for a pedicure that left me reaching for my pedegg when I got home.  My feet are so rough they are picking on the carpet.  I was also told to put my feet in water that was boiling hot after I kept saying it was too hot.  I will not be going back and wish I had taken the time to read reviews first.
5	I love this place. I have both my pedi and mani's here. I even do my waxing. If you come here ask for Hana! She is the best! I also have my husband coming here! I've been coming here since 2008. Great place to have everything done.
4	Love this nail salon! Greeted right when we walked in.. Got the deluxe pedicure which is $43 BUT it's worth it! Can't wait to come back to get my full set nails :)
5	I have been getting my nails done for years and this is absolutely the best they have ever been!  Hannah does amazing work on my toes and my nails. I have been coming here for over 6 months and I have never had a nail so much as lift, let alone break. I love the gel on my toes, the polish lasts forever.  I can't say enough about the quality of work by Hannah and she does it with a smile.
5	Diana was very friendly and thorough. Prob the best manicure I've ever gotten. Loved that she didn't cut my nails too short like most other places. I'm very satisfied and will most likely come back again.
4	I have gone to this spa a few times and will continue to go.  Jenny gives the best and longest foot massage ever.  Like another review says, they do try the hard up sell, like getting gels for the toes, but just say no and it will be all good.  The massage chair works pretty good too.
2	Not sure what went wrong, but when I got home and looked at my newly gel'd nails, they looked like I did them at home, with my left hand! The service was great, but the quality of work was not good. I'm sad, cause I wanted so much to like them. I might go back, but I'll be very hesitant.
1	I recently went for a pedicure and manicure. While using a cheese grater type device on my feet, the technician cut my toe. This was while her head was turned talking to a customer near the door. I required urgent care attention with shots and medication. I was in pain for over a week and could only wear sandals. Follow-up with the owner has been of no use. Would love to give 0 stars.
4	Not sure why people are so unhappy with this place, but I love it they are always willing to take me in without an appointment and the wait time is not bad, being half Korean I understand the language barrier and I do not think it is fair to judge working people on that alone and they do offer me upsells like more glitter or do acrylic instead of gel but I just say no and always get charged the same, if you don't want to be charged more than just say no. Overall I give them a 4 out of 5 and the only reason is because I wish they were just a little more personal with their customers.
4	Fashion Nails & Spa is a great salon. They always have plenty of technicians on duty, who take pride in their work. They are friendly and take good care of their customers! Appointments and Walk-Ins are welcomed and you can get in and out quickly! Cory, David, Diana & Helen are all great, but so is everyone at this location! I just don't know them all! Tell them Rita sent you!
