4	I have to agree with Hannah on this one, the owner is something else. He complained when I asked him for a few pounds coins in change when I bought my Americano. I sat outside and watched him sulking around the venue, hating the world a little more with every step he took. A small complaint from my end, every table we sat at hadn't been cleaned properly. I found myself battling the table just to unglue my coffee cup.Great coffee, but the owner needs a hug.
3	The first time I came in here, it was to make use of the take away services that this place has - as I waited for my paninni and crepe for me and my girlfriend (she lived just down the road from here), I sat at a table. Only to be moved quite agressivly by the owner of the cafe. Now I would have understood if the place was packed and there was a bunch of old women coming in who might die if they didnt sit down, but the cafe was empty bar me. Still, he made me stand in the corner until I had my food. Hmm. And now I know this seems to be a regular thing, its happened to me more than once and various other stories reveal no more compasion to others.Its quite a testiment at how good this place is then that I still give it a good star rating. The food is great, and apart from the owner the service is good too. I do recommend it - just avoid the owner.
3	This is a lovely little cafe in Marchmont. i think that's doing it justice.I came here with a few friends and was not met by the most pleasant atmosphere. We were causing problems by moving seats around (there was 6 of us) and the displeasure could not have been made more clear. When we eventually sat down, all my friends ordered bacon rolls while I went for the Minestroni Soup. Bad choice. It was tasteless, watery and somehow rubbery, whilst my friends said their bacon rolls were amazing. But you can't really get them wrong, right?!When we came to pay there was a bit of trouble with splitting the bill, but we managed to sort it out amongst ourselves as the waitress was being really awkward with it.It wasn't the best experience, but I would go back to give it another chance.
3	Cafe Artista is an inviting-looking cafe in Marchmont which sells decent food at reasonable prices.  I didn't meet or even see the owner when I was in, but the food just took ages to arrive and the waitress had some beef wth me asking for a sausage and fried egg roll.  What's so difficult about just sticking an egg on whilst you're cooking the sausages?!!  In the end I just had a sausage roll which was pretty nice and my mate had a panini which he enjoyed.  The place is clean and the decor is nice enough, but the service isn't really up to scratch.  It was quite busy when we were in, although this doesn't justify waiting almost half an hour for a roll and a panini.  Cafe Artista's good food and prices are certainly not matched by their service.
3	When I sat down in Cafe Artista I thought I was in an ordinary Italian cafe. It seems I was wrong.  The staff at Cafe Artista seem to be in another world. It's a bit like being in a sitcom. The quality of drinks and snacks is good, but the staff seem to be on autopilot when it comes to work. I was served with barely an acknowledgment of my existence. Seemingly oblivious to the customers the staff carry on their arguments or debates (it was always in Italian so I'm not quite sure). In fact you are actually happy for the attention received if your coffee is slammed aggressively in front of you. That's your small and only part in the drama. However this is all part of the fun and unique environment that coincidentally feels a lot more genuine than most cafes. It's also great to sit outside on a warm summer day, in a convenient location that is still a little removed from the very busiest part of the town centre.Recommended.
1	I contemplated keeping this review civil, but Cafe Artista, or its staff at least, deserves no such favour!I went there with some friends a while ago, had some pleasant chat with a man, one of the staff, and sat down. We then took a look at the menu, and decided we'd like to have something else (which I hope is still allowed!). As we were leaving, the previously nice man shouted after us, saying we were unwelcome any way, especially if we couldn't afford the menu.. and I believe he said he only wanted customers that could pay anyway!It's probably not very tasteful to swear on Yelp, so I'll just say the service was awful and he was a real (insert expletive here). Thank you.
2	I don't think people should reward the owner of cafe artista for being rude. As bizarre as the scenario may seem, he is not in a sitcom, he is definitely not a stand up comedian, he is just being rude.He continuously ignores the existance of customers, sweeps beneath their feet, growls when bags are poking out from under tables, and stops conversations mid sentence without any explanation to take a smoke/start betting on horse races. When you are finished eating, don't expect to hang around. He will want to clear your table and get you out of here as soon as possible. The pizza here is decent, and the coffee is not bad, but considering that there are plenty of other really fantastic places where staff treat customers with more respect, I wouldn't recommend this place. It's a shame, considering that the chef, on the other hand,  is really lovely.
4	A regular haunt for pizza and occasional brunch.  Proper delicious non greasy Italian pizza.  Tasty pasta. Nice service. Good banter.  Last time we went, they had super tasty organic Sicilian lemonade that the waitress recommended to us.  On sunny days you can sit outside.  Thumbs up!
