5	Sex on bread! My friend and I discovered this gem while going to Moreno's and figured we would give it a shot. The Torta Dominicana is a coma inducing pile of awesome served on hot fresh bread. Imagine this please! Breaded steak, ham, refried beans, avocado, tomato, grilled chilis, and onions stacked high and blessed with hot sauce. Thinking about it takes me to my happy-place and makes the back of my head sweat (just like the sandwiches). Definitely try the Dominicana with breaded chicken instead of beef. It won't just knock your socks off, it will knock you out, steal your socks and point and laugh at you the whole time
4	This restaurant is very hole in the wall-ish but don't let the looks fool you. There is amazing food to be had inside.My bf and I ordered an Arizona torta, Cubana Huarache (had no idea what this was, the name intrigued me), and a Carne Asada Quesadilla to share. Our eyes must've been bigger than our stomache because we had enough food for days! The torta was good. Bread was toasty. It came with lettuce, tomatoes, avocado slices, jalapenos, ham, chicken, and a fried egg. Fries came on the side with the sandwich. The huarache was enormous! It was like a giant sope. Grilled oblong shaped masa topped with deliciousness. There was a thin spread of beans and large amounts of different flavorful meats that were generously sprinkled on top. It was my first time having a huarache and I am now a serious fan. The carne asada quesadilla was also good. I never had a quesadilla with carne, beans and avocado but I thought this combination of flavors worked really well. My bf really enjoyed it. He says its the best quesadilla he's ever had. Everything we had was great. Portions were large. We spent about $30 and were stuffed to food coma status. We even had leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day!Minus one star for the cleanliness of this place. Some people may be a bit put off by the esthetics of the place but if you can look past glitz and glamour, I'd highly recommend you try this place.
4	Very cheap, huge portions, amazing food.  Very much a hole in the wall place, borderline dumpy location.  Don't let that stop you.  I don't even know what Latin  American country the food comes from, but it is so good I can't even believe it.  This is on my list on every visit to Arizona.
5	As Colin G. said "Sex on bread!"Excellent home cooked style tortas aguas frescas and many other foods! I wasn't even in the mood to eat, i had just eaten and was full but once i got a whiff of the torta de hamon and carne asada i decided to eat again and MAN was it worth the bloated stomach LOL. The sandwiches are big, very fresh, the steak fries are awesome, and the aguas frescas are made from real frutas or rice, not from mix packets. Ive gone back several times and never disapointed yet! Definitely worth every penny; its a mom and pop shop i would endorse with my own money if i had some!
5	Best mexican food I have had in Arizona and a great value. To me eating here is like a full experience, you novelas playing on the tv, drinks in a glass bottle and food that is really tastes authentic.It's not "serranos" authentic it's authentic!
5	after driving around looking for mexican food we spotted this little hole in the wall restaurant. This place was great, food was cheap and it probably was one of the best mexican food places I've had in the valley in a while.  definitely worth checking out.
