2	Pro: Sugary Krispy Kreme, friendly staff. Con: Not fresh enough. Came here after the first day of CES for sugary goodness before dinner time, was a bit disappointed by the fact that this location was only a drop off location, but the service was fast especially have we would tired as hell. Would come back again if around this side of the strip, but still, not beats fresh Krispy Kreme.
4	Love their donuts!But kinda pricey at $1.30/each.Highly suggest the filled ones.
1	Love Krispy Kreme when the mood strikes.  So we walk up to the counter behind a huge family that can't get their "crap" together. The Indonesian/Thai woman behind the counter has no control and can't understand their language, I believe it was chinese.  They are going back and forth for 5-10 minutes. Finally it's my turn and I order two donuts-custard filled and a chocolate glazed.  This woman puts the donuts in the bag but I noticed that she grabbed something not from the area I wanted.  I check the bag and sure enough the wrong donut is in there.  She tells me she thought I said something else, I said no problem.  So I tell her again what I want and she proceeds to put another wrong donut in my bag. I had to explain to her and point to the donut I wanted, which showed the same name I told her.  She gets all bent out of shape, I basically shove the bag back into her hand and she hastily takes it before finally getting it right on the third try.  What a moron.And the only reason I put what I think is her nationality is because I don't know her name.Replace this woman, KK.  She's an idiot.
2	Expensive and not hot and fresh.  $1.30 for a donut.  I am a fan of Krispy Kreme, but I do not recommend this location inside Circus Circus.
3	Them donuts will make em go nuts.... It's legit Krispy Kreme , but being inside the casino causes it to kinda take a price hike. Expensive for a half dozen... But then again what is cheap inside casinos on the strip? Few cocktails and a hot hand in a dice game and you can go crazzzzy... 2 dozens fo some lovin booiiiii
2	It's mad busy here and donut was kind of whatevers.  If you're in a donut craze and desperate, then why not here?Drinks are expensive here.  If you want a soda or simple drink, go to McDonalds upstairs.
5	The best kosher doughnut in the world is Krispy Kreme unbelievable how they have one everywhere and all over the place why because people love them America needs Krispy Kreme I Arity 85 donuts and I think I'm tapping out but I might just have to have one more if my wife lets me doesn't look like she's gonna let me but I'm going to sneak one while she's sleeping and we need another donut that's how good they are and if they get caught in the morning it's worth it that's how delicious these donuts are only talking with the regional forget about all the creamy stuff The chocolate the sprinkles and all that other stuff is good but the original is the best or did you know is the best tank you wonderful today it's no wonder people say Krispy Kreme is like crack even though I don't know crack is but this is good
