4	Great place to go dance, drink and have a blast. The girls dress very nicely in here. The beer is cold and very cheap. I have seen Pittsburgh Steelers in here before. Casey Hampton with a bottle of Grey Goose in one hand and his shirt lifted over his head with belly hanging out. Hines Ward, Ike Taylor, Deshea Townsend, etc. Wouldn't be surprised if Jeff Reed was there too breaking something in the bathroom. The place is actually really dark inside and if you just want to chill, there are places to grab booths. Also, the Marlboro people are usually in here handing out free stuff.
4	Margaritaville has specials every night of the week on food and drink. A large draw for the college crowd is their 25 cent draft night on Wednesday, but others will enjoy their 10 cent wing night on Thursdays. The highlight of this bar has to be their karaoke night. Since the bar doesn't attract only one type of person, you're likely to get a mix of music as well with everything from Oasis to Kanye West with a lot of cover band favorites thrown in.
4	Ten cent wing Thursdays! Not the best wings, but pretty damn good and real cheap!
3	Hit or miss. 15 cent wings on Tuesdays are nice but this place is very off with drinks: twice I got margaritas here and each time, I was overcharged. And the last time, my drink was in a little plastic cup, because they ran out of glasses! I paid more for LESS alcohol. Not a good look.
4	25 cent beers with a chance of blackout.Yes, you read that correctly....25 cents....That is how much a beer cost on wednesday nights. I know what you are thinking. "no way is a full beer 25 cents." As a matter of fact, youre right, its a half of beer, perfect chugging size.Now if you find yourself ballin on a budget be aware that everybody else is also ballin on a budget. You aren't going to rub elbows with the elite of the Pittsburgh working class, but does that make it less fun? Not at all. On wednesday nights it's a very mixed crowd. I have drank with homeless men, guys with rolls of hundreds, and the normal working american. Friday and Saturday nights are good too, just like the rest of the south side. You wont spend more then 2 bucks on a beer between 10-12 and the frozen margaritas are just delightful tequilla slushies which is never a bad thing.
1	Heard a lot of word-of-mouth about this place, and decided to accompany my fiance and her friend for her friend's birthday celebration on a Saturday night.  Interesting that NO ONE seemed to be drinking Margaritas in a place called Margaritaville.  Security at the door is standard at a lot of Southside places, but clearly there is a need for it here..  I believe I actually interrupted a drug deal in the men's room.  It got more crowded as the night progressed, and overcrowded to the point where we felt unsafe.  I was afraid to let my fiance go to the restroom alone, and insisted they go together.  They ran out of glasses while we were there.  Mixed drinks in plastic cups are for frat parties, not a professional establishment.  Maybe it's better during the week, but no more Saturday nights at Margaritaville for me.
1	Margaritaville is what I would categorize as one and done. Meaning I have only gone there once and would never return.  The bartender got into a screaming match with a customer not cool and it made me feel very uncomfortable.  The bathrooms are disgusting and every surface in the entire bar seemed to be covered in some sort of sugary slime.  Margaritaville needs a hose down.
1	This is going to be short. If you walk in to a bar and the first thing they do is frisk you...turn around and walk right back out because you're in the wrong bar. We also walked by later to see three policemen outside. That is all.
3	This is an okay place to go when it's not crowded (weekdays!!). I've noticed lately on Fridays & Saturdays that it's the hip bar to head to. The line to get in & ID'd reminds me of Diesel.  It seems to be the go-to place since Levels closed down. The line to get in and your waist checked for weapons wraps around the side of the bar.. weird. I don't remember it being that busy before. Anyways, I head here on a week night when they have good specials. On the weekends, the crowd is just too packed and rowdy for a smaller space.Our bartender was nice and their fresh cut fries were also good.  $1 well drinks Thursday 10pm-midnight
1	Awful place.  Disgusting.  Filthy.
