5	I am completely in love with this shop!  Far and above the best make-up I have ever used!  Ciara was absolutely amazing, such a fun woman!  She helped me find the best products for my skin type and coloring, and even got me out of my comfort zone on a lip color (which I get complimented on every time I wear it!).  I can't wait to go back and finish replacing my make up drawer. Bottom Line:  the amazing staff at Era will go above and beyond to help you find the products you will love, and that will have you looking your absolute best!
5	I love this makeup boutique and owner, Ciara is amazing and such a sweetheart!! While my BFF Lily L. was visiting from NYC, we visited Tivoli Village for an afternoon. After walking through The MarketLV, we stopped into ERA by Ciara and I was very excited that Ciara was there! We looked around at specialty makeup brands like DuWop and Lola (she's the only authorized seller of Lola cosmetics in Las Vegas!), admiring the beautiful packaging and unique selection. Then, we had some fun! Both Lily L. and I had the opportunity to try a few different types of lipsticks and shades, making sure we had colors appropriate to our skin tones. We both absolutely love the Lola Pin-Up Pout Plumping Lipstick in the color "Sophia" - a gorgeous red with a creamy formula that went on smoothly and felt moisturizing. It also came with a built-in mirror in the cover! I also got the DuWop Reverse Lipliner (a colorless, matte pencil that is creamy and when applied to the skin surrounding your lips, prevents feathering) and DuWop Tinted Prime Venom (a satin matte balm with sheer color that plumps and moisturizes) in the color "Tango" (described sheer black currant). We both left feeling so great!Ciara is so knowledgeable about cosmetics and particularly these brands! I had such an amazing experience with trying new lip products! I didn't think I needed new lipstick, but now I don't know how I'm going to live without these Lola and DuWop lip products! I seriously LOVE my new lipstick (even when I'm not wearing any makeup, the lipstick completes any look with pizazz) and the tinted plumping balm is great. I bought it to wear on top of my lipstick for added color and moisture, but I've found myself wearing it solo and love it!I saw that ERA is moving to a new spot that'll have better access! That's exciting! So, if you are in need of amazing new makeup, see one of the talented artists at ERA and I hope you'll have the opportunity to meet Ciara!
