3	Went here for a quick lunch one weekday afternoon.  Decent food at a decent price.Atmosphere - Clean, basic, small, busy, pizza shop-ishFood - I ordered the Chicken Kabob which came on a wooden skewer.  It was accompanied with a Greek salad, Steak fries, and a pita.  The Kabob was tasty but the salad was drowning in dressing.  The Steak fries were awesomely crisp with a tender inside.  The pita was fresh tasting.  Service - It was prompt with hints that the owner was present as any question was quickly answered in a way that seemed to say the responder cared about answering you correctly.  I was a little disappointed that the food came on a Styrofoam plate (see photo) but this place is more geared toward takeout. Overall - While the salad was more or less ruined by the amount of dressing, everything else was tasty.  I would stop here again...but would recommend to anyone when ordering to get the dressing on the side.
2	We went here for lunch, hoping for authentic Greek food. However, both are meals were disappointing. I had the chicken souvlaki platter, and my wife had the gyro platter. Both salads were literally swimming in dressing - way overkill (but tolerable). However, the meats, which should have been the star of the dishes, were both less than stellar. My chicken had little flavor, and was slightly undercooked. My wife's gyro meat was 'mushy' and tasted like a hot dog. (My guess is that it was pre-sliced from the gyro 'log', then kept warm in water.)We ended up just leaving and going to Moe's...  I would not go back.
4	I discovered Akropolis Kafe during my first week at my new job.  I'm glad I did.  The inside is pretty plain, but since the place strikes me as being a quick lunch spot for office workers more than anything else, that's not surprising.  You don't have time to linger on your lunch hour, anyways.Anyways, I order the gyro with a side salad.  They gyro was very good, perhaps one of the best I've had in Charlotte outside the Greek Festival.  The meat was well-seasoned and juicy, with just a hint of char.  Mmm.  The salad was a little more disappointing: as others have mentioned, they ladle way too much dressing on that sucker.  Next time, I'll order fries or ask for the dressing on the side.I definitely recommend Akropolis for a quick lunch, and I will be back soon.
5	Best Greek chicken salad in Charlotte.  Eat it a lot.  Plus used this company to cater a 22 person lunch.  It was perfect.  You should give them a try.
5	The place is VERY clean.  It's the type of place where you order off the menu which is listed above the cash register and they bring the food to you.  The hummus was probably the best hummus I've ever had at a restaurant.  I ordered a Gyro & Greek salad for my meal.  The gyro was so delicious-had green peppers, onions, feta cheese, and yogurt sauce on it.  Probably my favorite gyro as well.  The salad was fresh and good-just a little too vingerage-y for my taste though. the prices were good and the food was great!!
4	Great food nice staff clean
4	This wasn't a planned lunch stop, but in the end, I'm glad my friend and I ended up here.  The place we wanted to go was closed for some reason, so we jumped on Yelp to find another place nearby.  I had a gyro sandwich was was really good.  The pita was fresh and the tzatziki sauce was not too runny.  I don't live in Charlotte, but if I ever find myself back there, I would go to the Akropolis Kafe again.
3	Great place for lunch -  Food to good and the combo's come with fries or salad.  Salad dressing and sauces are yummy.
4	Great little casual joint that serves up good Greek salads, chicken kabobs, etc.   They are super quick, which is nice when you are busy.  As the other reviewers have mentioned, the place is nice and clean and service is friendly.  Definitely a great go-to place for a quick & affordable lunch.
4	Good Greek/Mediterranean food. But every time I go there they have a new waitress. I wonder why...
2	To the ever so pleasant, disinterested child working tonight. You are rude, you are inaccurate and give horrible customer service. The puss face, nasty toned lady on the food side - smiling is free and so is preparing an order THE WAY IT'S ORDERED. To the owner- these two people are hurting your business and I will never return to your establishment.  I have been here many many times before tonight. I live steps away from Zetouni and I like different items on the menu from each. The staff at zetouni is pleasant, attentive and efficient. There were 2 tables of 2 when I came in. The teenager working doesn't say hello, doesn't look up at you. As she's looking at her phone says "what do you want to order". RUDE. I ordered one of the specials for the night. Gyro sandwich and SALAD. Fine. Seems easy enough for a Greek restaurant no? I nicely asked for extra tomatoes and onions. The nasty lady behind the counter gave me a dirty look as soon as she heard it. Fine. 10 mins go by as I watch the child working stomp her feet around the restaurant in her leggings and Tshirt - very professional. My food is ready and again, without looking up, "utensils?"  I reply "no thank you, may I have some tatziki sauce on the side. The nasty one in the back chimes in "that'll be 70 cents". The child proceeds to turn to me and for the first time actually looks me in the eye "it's 70 cents". The lady in the back will not hand her the sauce yet. Fine. I only had a debit card on me so that's what I handed her. SEVENTY CENTS. she swiped my card for seventy cents. Good luck with that credit card processing fee owner!!! I have NEVER in my life seen anything like this. She slaps the receipt and my card on the counter, nasty in the back hands her the sauce. She puts it on the counter and walks away. I am really not a difficult customer nor do I expect anything I don't pay for or deserve. That being said WHEN I ORDER AND PAY FOR SALAD IT'S MIND BLOWING THAT I GET HOME TO FREAKING FRENCH FRIES. ?????What gives here? It's a shame because the food is actually good. Which is why I gave the extra star but after my experience today- whether they care or not - they have lost me as a customer. It really is too bad because there used to be a very sweet lady running the counter who couldn't have been nicer. I don't need to drive out of my way to be treated like a second class citizen bothering nasty people who are being PAID to be there and provide customer service. Will not ever go or recommend again. Your loss. No thank you. Hope your seventy cents came in handy.
1	The food was decent for a quick lunch spot. The price is ok but it would be better if they didnt kill you with all the extra charges for every little thing. The service leaves a bad taste in your mouth. The man behind the counter was very abrasive. The negative customer service coupled with the extra charges does not make a customer want to return.
4	I think this place is family owned so they have that personal touch that is really nice. The falafel pita is crazy good. That's the only thing I've eaten here, so if you're into falafel, this would be the place. The atmosphere is pleasant enough. It's a casual eatery and is pretty busy during lunch time, but the service is fast and courteous.
4	First time here, just got two gyros with salad. Everything was very good, meat did not seem "microwaved" and the pita was soft and slightly crispy. Salad was fresh. The woman behind the counter and the one who served us couldn't have been nicer, coming to check on us a few times.  Finally, my SO wanted some more pita and tzatziki,  went to order it and they gave him a couple w/sauce on the house.  Maybe the place was just having a bad day when the very unhappy reviewer visited?  They seemed very friendly and competent tonight and the food was very good.  Will def be back.
