5	I've never been so excited to come home and see how my house looks until today! I found Miss Lizzie Maids through Yelp and I'm so so so happy with their customer service and thoroughness! I've been searching for a cleaning company to stop by the house every month and I seriously hit the jackpot. The owner is a sweetheart and extremely attentive with what you are requesting. For example, I mentioned my father would be sleeping while they were cleaning (since they were showing up early) and to not bother with his room/bathroom until the very end. One of the girls (I believe her name is Nelly) called to ask, "Is the noise from the vacuum going to wake up your father? I was instructed not to wake him up until the very end." I thought that was great! Not only that, but she waited until he woke up on his own instead of knocking on the door to clean his area. Very, very sweet women. The house was spotless and I am so relieved I don't have to do a scrub-down this weekend!side note:  They are running an awesome special right now - $139 and the entire house is cleaned top to bottom (dusting, stove cleaning, etc.) included! The best part is there is no time limit on their services... they stay at your home until the job is done. I have already referred them to a few girlfriends and I can't wait to use them again!
5	I just had a baby so my apartment has been ignored and I really needed a cleaning! Miss Lizzie Maids did a fabulous job of cleaning my place and left my bathroom sparkling! I can't wait until they come back. The customer service was great and I like supporting local small businesses.
2	I think that this is a hard working group of people. Very nice but I think that apartment cleaning may be better suited for their skill level. I was even less impressed with their office running and their customer service person Ginger.  I wish them the best but was sorely disappointed that I had to go over and re clean some of the work that they had done.
4	We've now used Lizzie Maids twice. The first time we got a deal from one of the major daily deal sites. I think the offer is similar in price/savings as what Lizzie Maids has available here on Yelp. Millie has been very nice to work with. The first time we opted for baseboard cleaning (an extra) and was satisfied with the overall. I believe there were 3 people cleaning, and they did a full 3 bd/ 2.5 bath 1800+ sq foot home in under 2 hours. Efficient! They did a thorough job cleaning, dusting, vacuuming, and mopping the floors.  A very nice treat to have your house cleaned thoroughly every so often.
3	I think they did a great job considering my house was a disaster but they showed up 10 minutest early and they left 25 minutes early. Things I thought housekeepers did was vacuum inside the couch or underneath it. Straightening out rugs after vacuuming didn't happen. I have only had one housekeeper company here in Arizona but I was happy with my house being cleaner, THANK GOD but I was disappointed with what was done with 4 people. I also don't think it's appropriate to not stay the entire time cleaning of things like vacuuming in the couch.
