4	ACE is the place for service.  The newest store (5) is hidden away in a strip mall on McDonald Drive with ample parking between Hayden and Pima.  I found what I needed on my first trip but had to return a couple of bathroom items plus was missing a set screw in a towel bar and needed a couple more items.  I was directed to the back of the store for a set screw replacement and someone was there to greet me.  This took a few moments and on my way out picked up two other items.  When I got to the front the clerk was busy but had already loaded the return info in the computer.  The other clerk was ready for me and all that was needed was to scan the two new items and I was on my way.  In and out in less than ten minutes.  Try to get that kind of service elsewhere!
4	This is in my hood too...I have been in a few times (to have keys made, and buy some paint). The folks are very knowledgeable and friendly, the selection and pricing is reasonable. I guess we have all been spoiled by the Home Depots of the world, though in most cases I still prefer my local hardware shop :)
4	In a pinch you can always count on Ace Hardware!I needed some stake tape for my tomato plants and it was a tomato emergency so off to Ace I went.. being that its my local neighborhood store you'd think I would have been in here before. The Mr LOVES this place and is constantly making up reasons to go here.. I think he just likes the Ace points for discounts on future purchases.. anyhoo.. they had the tape and my tomato plants were saved from ruin! Thank you Ace!! You're my neighborhood hero!
5	great service, amazing staff, they know their stuff.....whatever it is they have everything i need and even stuff i didn't know i needed
5	I love the service in this Ace location.  The moment you walk in the door, there is always someone there to assist you.  We stop in so often that we received a hand-written Xmas card from the manager.  Nice touch!
5	Paul's Ace hardware is excellent, forget about HOME DEPOT and their big box baloney (or bologna), we gotta support these smaller local businesses.  Personally I have never met Paul but based on the customer service I've experienced as well as free popcorn I'm gonna have to go on record and say he probably is pretty kick ass.  Quick story: When I was there last 2 kids came in after school because they saw the free popcorn.  They politely asked and the man at the register if they could have some and he said go ahead, didnt make them buy 2 x 4's or a bucket of paint :).   Its nice to see some community and customer support/respect at its forefront!
5	These people are the friendliess people ever. There is usually enough people in the store where at least 2 people or more ask if you need help. They know so much and one cashier even knows our company name and enters it before we get to the register. Way to go customer service!!!!!
5	This is a wonderful neighborhood hardware store!  The customer service is great and the people in the store seem to know their stock very well.  I came here looking for hardware to hang something; I ended up walking out the door with all kinds of things I needed for other projects: RIT dye, a new shower curtain liner, STP fuel injector fluid for my old car, and free pop corn to boot!  I will be back!
5	Paul's Ace Hardware truly turns my to do list into a to done list. Very helpful, easy to find what you need and with my big paint order even delivered. They are currently helping me with new Z-Wave locks by Kwikset. Great customer service. Can't find what you were looking for, just ask one of their knowledgeable staff. Pricing is reasonable. Support your local businesses.
5	This is one of the newer Paul's Hardware stores and I love it. It's a smaller version of the flagship store at Scottsdale and McDowell, tailored to the needs of the neighborhood. That's important. They try to stock items that will be helpful for repairs of the type and vintage construction in the area as well as a vast array of tools and household supplies. So, the flexible in-tank fuel line for your weed whacker decayed and broke. They have it! It's on a spool by the foot. Buy some extra. Need a duplex outlet plug in Decora white? They've got it. Need some art brushes to do some touch-ups or need some appliance touch up paint? They have it. A/C filters? Just ask for the size and they'll offer about three grades. From pool sweep hoses to fifty kinds of glue, they have it here. In the odd case they don't have a particular item, the main store downtown probably does and they can call and find out for you. This is a local, family-owned business. Paul's daughter runs the company and she's hands-on. They are all about customer service and won't ever walk right by you without offering to help like in the big box stores. Prices are very competitive with those Home Labyrinth places but Paul's was here long before those companies even existed. They've been helping local people for decades and it's a pleasure to be one of their many happy customers. Oh yeah, free popcorn!
2	Disappointed with the service I received here the other day (or lack thereof).  I needed a few light bulbs, and this store is within walking distance.  After looking for someone on the floor to assist me for 5 minutes, I finally decided to wait in the checkout line, patiently, to ask the cashier to page someone.  When I reached the cashier, she said she'll send someone back, so I went to wait by the light bulbs again. I had a few to get, and had no clue which ones I needed.  Both the cashier I encountered and a second one were standing at their lanes with no customers for another 5 minutes, and nobody ever came to help me.  I eventually just walked out and told her I didn't want to wait any longer.  They didn't seem to have any sense of urgency in helping.  I left without buying anything and will make a point to go somewhere else from now on.
4	The have shelf liner in many shapes and sizes (3rd place I tried, so glad they had it!), plus ice cream to sustain us through moving day - and excellent service, to boot! The rest if their selection looked pretty good, too - a little bit of everything.  Much smaller and cozier than a Lowes, and probably covers a lot of the average person's needs.Glad they're just down the street. We'll be back!
3	Temperatures are too low for my liking these days so I took off to the closest hardware store in search of a space heater and of course an extension cord to make it all possible. Luckily, the closest hardware store is Ace. I prefer Ace because it always has that good ol' neighborhood feel to it. Paul's certainly has that, he even sells local honey. After scanning the aisles for a bit, a man asked me what I was looking for and directed me to the right direction. I found him again once I realized I'd almost forgotten the extension cord. He was helpful, but not really friendly. In fact, I felt a bit rushed to get out by him. The cashier was really friendly, making small talk and being really upbeat. Did they have what I needed? Yes. Was it a truly memorable experience? No. Overall, it was a basic stop at Ace Hardware but even a basic stop is still better than Home Depot.
