2	I went here because I was on nights, it was 2am, and the foot spa that I like on Spring Mountain was closed. Needing to get my massage "fix" I decided to give it a shot. Not the best I've had to be honest. I don't think I would go back...the price was good though.
5	Sometimes after hours of standing on the way home I will get foot massage. Decided to try this place around 2 am because of the $19 half hour sign. Got bumped to hour for $38 with addition of neck, back and shoulder massage. Well worth the money.  Masseuse named Tina worked so hard I almost felt bad about the low price for the service provided. I recommend tipping - Get 10 massages the 11th is free!
4	great place. construction is going on next door but is still relaxing. some of the girls have me take my shirt off and some don't?!?
4	My mom and I wanted to get an hour of reflexology on our feet together so we headed over to china town. On the way to our destination we passed a sign that said, "$20 for an hour of reflexology" and decided to give this place a try instead.The environment is cozy and relaxing. When they started massaging my head I thought maybe they misunderstood what I wanted due to the language barrier. However, I went with the flow and figured it wasn't that much for the full-body anyway. Although most of the time was spent on our feet they massaged our heads, necks, traps, legs, and stomachs as well. The individual working on me checked in with me a few times, asked about pressure, spoke softly, and was very sweet. When all was said and done I couldn't believe they only charged the $20 as advertised. I tipped them $10 each for the amazing job. I would definitely go back. This would be great for people working long hours on my feet.
1	1st of all we were rushed to the back and we asked for clarification is this 20$ per person? They said yes. The lady I had rushed my massage. She had her cell phone the whole time. The other masseuse  was on his phone. There was a lot of noise as if someone was moving equipment in another room.  It was four of us. Since my two friends were finished they made our masseuses finish us fast. When it was time to pay they tried to tell my friends 40$ per hour but the sign said 20$. She tried to argue abour a scalp massage was additional.  We didn't buy it so she said ok 20$ but its a 10$ tip. It was empty in there. We should have considered that. I didn't even have a chance to relax. NEVER AGAIN!
