4	big rooms...decent prices...free breakfast (omelets, hash browns, sausages, waffles, cereals, toast and bagels)  even if ur not a guest it seems like u can just walk in and have a free breakfast.....shhhhh!
4	So far so good,...got checked in literally, in under 1 minutes. Nice rooms, with living area and mini kitchenette with microwave and fridge.Very easy to get to from the aiport and the Arizona Mills Mall is right across the street!For you female business travelers, after your done working you can wander over and hit up Off 5th, and the Nieman Marcus "last chance" store, and all the other outlets....there's no better way to get some exercise when you're on the road than to power walk it through a big mall! It reminds me of the Great Mall in Milpitas, Ca.
2	The rooms are nice (for this brand of Marriott) but the service was pathetic. It may have just been the girl who checked me in, but that's all it takes to make an impression. It will be the last time I give them my business.
4	Very helpful employees (Derek you're awesome!) & fantastic hotel accomodations. They had a great continental breakfast, although they should add bacon to their spread. Clean rooms with a small living area. Bedding is clean & comfortable.
5	I'll stay here again, hands down.  I can't thank Derek and his staff enough for the excellent service we had during our three night stay.  Very welcoming staff. The shuttle picked us up at the airport and offered to take us to our off site rental car location.  We were allowed to check in early.  Anything we needed Derek made it happen.  The rooms were clean, comfortable perfect for us to come back and relax after the long days we had.  I just wanted to say that it was a very wonderful experience to stay here.  Derek made the trip less stressful making sure we got to where we needed to go.  Keep up the good work, its rare to find that kind of customer service these days.
4	The actual hotel is nice and rooms were clean. Lobby is great to sit on your laptop and work on emails.  Free internet. However, there aren't that many great restaurants in the area, and the surrounding area isn't the greatest compared to some other local hotels.  Mall is near by and continental breakfast is great and FREE.
4	Love Marriott. This one was a bit hard to find at 9pm, but when we got here check in was fast and parking was easy. Negative: a/c in room is very loud and sounds like its dying and the toilet handle needs to be held down to flush. Also rooms are a bit narrow and don't feel very roomy.Positive: beds comfy, breakfast (oatmeal, eggs, bagels, waffles and such) is good, mini kitchenette in room, good location, very clean, 2 tvs (one in bed area and one in front of couch) and separate sink vanity from shower/toilet.
3	Like other properties in the Springhill Suites brand, this one has all-suite rooms (duh), free wifi, and a pretty good continental breakfast. Unlike the newer hotels shown in current TV advertising campaign, however, the decor in the rooms here is fairly dated. It feels very anonymous.
4	Visited family in Arizona this place is good value for the money. The rooms were nice and updated and the service was great. Will stay here again on my next visit!
5	i stayed here on business a few weeks ago. my employer didn't make reservations for a me and a couple of my co-workers, so on the day we were supposed to stay, the front desk agent who took our reservation was accommodating and helped us reserve our rooms. when we checked in, the agent was also very nice. she explained breakfast and checked us into rooms near each other. this spring hill suites is very nice and well kept. it's quiet and located in a great area (close to arizona mills). the only thing that was unpleasant was the light shining in my room all night while i tried to sleep. this is entirely my fault because i did not check to see if the curtains were black out curtains. wish i would have known! would have gotten way better sleep, hahahaha.
5	Stayed here for a week. The room was like home and the had a view of the pool. The hotel has free beer and food till 7:00 that is nice. Clean rooms and the management was great. Jeff Brown the manager let me stay over time with a friend by the pool because of a flight delay. No charge. Even brought us a water by the pool. Great guy.I now stay here instead of the Holiday Inn down the road. I now am a Marriot Gold member.Plus a strip bar within walking distance...
3	OK, room.  Spotty neighborhood.  Great price
5	We could have not asked for a more pleasant stay. Sam & Amanda were perfect at the front desk. They went out their way by allowing us to drop off our bags behind the counter while we caught the early Angels spring training game. Also, while away, our housekeeper managed to clean the mess of bottles, bags and food and provided us with clean towels. We will most definitely stay here again.
5	Our savior from our bad experience at another hotel.The room was clean and very comfortable. The layout is great with a small fridge, microwave and desk by the sitting area. The bed was beyond comfy as well.The staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was tasty, even tho the coffee leaves a little be desired!! Both the room coffee and the breakfast coffee was a bit weak but, with that being the only con to our stay, that's ok. There's a Starbucks nearby to make up for it.We'll definitely be back!!
5	I always try to stay here when I'm in town. It's close to good restaurants, circle k, laundry, Arizona Mills Mall, movies, grocery, the list goes on and on. The staff if great and super friendly. The breakfast is amazing! The pool area is beautiful and the pool is so warm. I live to stay here.
