4	Stayed two nights.I picked this place for location, but the location was not where I thought it was but that is my fault...getting old ya know. But speaking of location I suspect I will not stay here again since it is not well located for my needs... too bad for me huh.We checked in early and was greeted by a very nice young lady. See gave us a choice of floors two and three, we opted for the third. The room was set well with two queen beds and each had four smaller pillows, very much to my liking.The table with two chairs and one occasional chair suited us well as did the refrigerator. They did have in room coffee but that was the one icky thing, not good coffee. The beds were comfortable and the shower while not overly powerful was ok.Other guests were an annoyance, but were taken care of by the night desk clerk, well done.What surprises me about most hotels - motels is the fact of no controlling of noise with insulation and sufficient windows and the huge gaps under the hall doors. This place is no different in these areas.They do offer a decent breakfast in a nice room with plenty of seating and tables. The woman who does the set up and tear down was very sweet so another plus.So if this location is good for you, give it a try.
1	I stayed here for one night because my usual hotel chain in this particular city was not pet friendly. I should have kept driving. Despite their insistence that they are "Inn of the Year" for 2011, this was the most uncomfortable hotel I think I've ever stayed at. The bed was more like sleeping on a rock. The air conditioner did not work well and the room stayed quite hot all evening. Even after driving for over 12 hours, I could not fall asleep in that dreadful bed. It made the next day of driving nearly unbearable. Kudos for being pet friendly, but the rooms need a serious upgrade.
5	I stayed here for five nights. Great location really close to the shops and restaurants. Very clean quiet and I had a excellent hot breakfast included in the price. I would definitely stay here again well worth the money.
5	The first thing that really stood out was how friendly and helpful the front desk folks were. Jaime and Monroe made us laugh after a long day of driving, and trust me, that matters when you deal with a lot of mediocre guest service on road trips. The room was also very spacious and clean, we really enjoyed ourselves. Thank you!
