3	"Guess what?! There's a sale at Kohl's!"This is the running gag between my parents. There's always a sale at Kohl's. And not just a lame-assed 5%, but 15-20$% off. Google for printable coupons before you go.Sometimes they also hand out coupons at the store with your purchase, for your next visit. Their Return/Exchange service is quick and friendly, and the dressing rooms were very tidy.I shop for clothes here every year when I visit. Granted, my taste in clothing is a bit unusual, so clothes shopping in chain stores is a challenge. But somehow I always manage to find stuff I like at Kohl's. They carry a range of designers, from "trendy" names (snicker) like JLo and Lauren Conrad to more basic Croft & Barrow type stuff. There are almost no skirts sold in this store, except for a couple of generic business skirts and some gynecologist-friendly miniskirts by Candies. Overall though, it's still worth checking out.
3	This was okay. Similar to other Kohl's Stores. The staff was friendly at the cash registers, the floor staff was a little short staffed it seemed. When I was looking for assistance, I didn't see anyone in sight. (usually, I tend to be happy wandering around the store without needing assistance, but this trip I wanted help with an item and could not find anyone.) I ended up not making a purchase of an item that I was looking for. But on the bright side, I found a bunch of other stuff to spend my money on as usual. LOLI like the selection of clothes, shoes and household goods here. If you catch a good sale the pricing is fair and the quality of the items are good.
3	When I'm in Casa Grande I try to stop at this Kohl's because it's usually not busy and they keep it clean and organized.  The one closest to my home in Chandler gets trashed!  Today I had a specific need to replace my cute black boots that were falling apart with another pair of black boots and also found a nice pair of grey boots.  So I cart my boots to the front and the cashier proceeds to be really pushy about getting their credit card.  It's as bad as Barnes & Noble trying to get me to purchase their "discount membership".  Dang it.  If I wanted your damn credit card I would have it.  She brought it up 4 times, and I finally had to take a deep breath and just tell her with a straight face, "I've thought about this very deeply and at great length, and I'm at peace with not having a Kohl's credit card."  I think she thought I was a weirdo.  I don't care.  The pushiness to open a line of credit really annoys me.  Some people are good with their credit and some aren't, and I don't think they should be credit pushers.  Calm the hell down Debt Pusher, but if someone doesn't know about the Kohl's card they have been living under a rock.  Hmmm.  I guess that annoyed me more than I thought it did. My point is, I like this Kohl's alright.  I'm trying to figure out how to circumvent the credit card question the next time.  They seem to be getting more pushy.  Gotta think of a funny answer the next time I'm asked.
4	We enjoyed a small bite but really enjoyed our Intelligentsia coffee's - the place was buzzing from the Hot Chocolate Run and the fact that it is located at the base of Obama's election campaign HQ!
