1	First of all, this address is located at Gilbert & Germann on the north/east corner (the map attached show is north of the 202; it isn't!)I work locally with teens who go in there all of the time and come back to my crying that they are treated poorly or meanly by the employees. I've worked with a lot of booksellers myself over the years, and so I went in there myself. I was with my young child and treated terribly. I was accused of being a liar and cheat by a bookseller who demanded my ID card while trying to buy something with CASH. It was terrible. I later called the manager who was just as mean and noncaring as her employees. Forget this place. I now send all my business to the Chandler Mall Barnes and Nobles!!
2	I use to love Barnes and Noble. Me and my best friend would go in there late at night and each find a book, and sit and read for hours. Me and my boyfriend even do it sometimes. But every time I go now, I swear it is the last time! They seriously harass you. "Are you a member of our secret secret club?-no"Do you want to be??"-no"It will save you money"-no thanks."okay." can I have your email so we can send annoying emails to you everyday?"-no.and then they annoy you some more. It is seriously easier to just order books online so I don't have to deal with people.
3	I like to study here with friends. It beats the libary. I like the fact that I can look at books to see if I actually want to buy along with music CDs & they have an all right Cafe.I do feel they are a bit overpriced when you compare things to other stores. They ask way to many questions at check out, but other than that they r an alright place.
4	My daughter loves to read, just like her mom.  We have been to this location several times.  Typically I will pick some books, like cook books, and then we head to the children's section.  There are chairs for the parents to hang out while the kids look at books.  I have been in the store when it was very busy and other times, not so busy.  Recently on a Saturday afternoon we arrived and there were a couple of other children there who did not seem to have any parent with them.  They were throwing books and when they started talking to my daughter I kept an eye and ear out to see what she would do.  She picked up the books and put them in a neat pile.  The other kids were running and making a lot of noise and one of the employees asked where their mother or father was and they said they didn't know.  The employee then took the children to find a parent.  Shortly after that, the parent and children came back to the childrens section and then left.  Staff told the parent that she could NOT leave her child unattended. The parent mutterd something and then told the children it was time to go.   I'm so glad that they do that.  However I'm sure it's irratating for the staff to have to hunt down parents to tell them to watch their children.  The staff here are not babysitters for your kids.  They are there to help you find a book or answer a question.  This is a nice store with nice staff.  I have never been asked a million questions when I purchased anything.  Then again, I have a Barnes and Noble card so I get a discount on a lot of things.  It's good to have and I believe you get a discount in the cafe also.  Thanks B & N!
4	What's not to like - discount books, comfy chairs, coffee - sounds good to me.  There are never a lot of people here so I can always grab a seat.  My only interaction with the workers are when I pay and I've never had any problems there.  This is my relaxation hot spot!
1	So I went there to buy the new Nook HD as a Christmas gift.I might as well have been buying a magazine for as much customer service I received. There was a display of all the Nooks, but nowhere did it say to go to register to buy it. The display, nice as it was, could not answer questions I had. This is not my first Nook purchase as it seems they come out with a new one each year, however I still had some questions. I went to the customer service counter and asked where I could find the Nooks to purchase. He curtly told me they were at the register (as if I was to have already known this). I went to the register and was helped ( well, I wouldn't really call it helped) by a woman whom I'd really like to name here, but won't. Her disinterest in my purchase was evident and I was guided in buying the wrong screen protector.  Again, this wasn't a cheap purchase, and I was the only one in line until an obvious off-duty employee came in and they exchanged their hellos. The gift was well-received, and with the gift receipt the recipient was able to exchange for the correct screen protector. This wasn't one employee giving bad customer service...this was 2. It's a no return store for me.
4	Nice experience. I loved the fact that I wasn't constantly harassed by sales staff. I love good customer service but get very annoyed when they keep asking if they can help you. This wasn't an issue at all at this location. There was a great selection of books and I loved that I could go sit down and look through them and decide if I wanted to purchase them. The store was clean and quiet which I appreciated very much. The restrooms weren't as clean as I would have liked but I'm finding that more common in most stores lately. My only other dislike would be the whole "club" joining pressure upon checkout. Overall experience was pleasant and I plan on returning!
