4	This is the closest coffee shop to ETC where I go to school and on rare occasions when I get a few minutes off, this is where I run to get my coffee fix. They have a nice selection of super sweet coffee drinks and your basics: latte, mocha, etc., free wifi, pastries, and when the weather's nice they open the big glass garage door in front.
2	The first time we visited a Crazy Mocha, they put ice cream in the coffee. Now THAT'S crazy!But they don't do that anymore. How dare they call themselves crazy?! They have absolutely NOTHING crazy to offer. Now that they got rid of this unique add-on ("it was such a hassle" the barista explained), it's really just a run-of-the-mill boring coffee shop. I do like the convenience of the computers available inside...we frequently use these to check the movie times before heading to the theater. The roll-up doors are also a cool feature. But coffee-wise, it's basically a big "eh" from me. The service is okay at best...a recent Craigslist job posting from them reveals that they only pay their baristas minimum wage, so they do the minimum amount of work in return. At one location the barista kept going outside to smoke and chat with her buddy in between serving customers.I don't know...I love to support local businesses, but it helps if they have something unique or memorable to offer in return.
2	I used to come here often since they are open till late. In the past, they had so so coffee, usually cold even when they just serve you. Now I tried tea thinking it will be a better and hot option. The water is even not boiled, so disappointing! It is just matter of having a kettle on the deck... i like the casual feeling of the place and friendly stuff, hope they will improve their quality, and won't take their customers guaranteed.
2	Call me crazy but I just don't approve of Crazy Mocha's appearing on every street corner. The coffee is good but not great. I can buy a bag of flavored coffee and brew it at home. I've had better lattees and specialty drinks.
2	Worst iced coffee ever I I ordered a small iced coffee with pumpkin flavor and soy milk there must have been only two ice cubes in the cup not a hint of pumpkin flavor customer service was good so two stars instead of 1
5	I love this place.  Free wifi, tables with privacy for laptop use, power at every seat and even a tv.  Oh yeah, and the cheesecake is real good also.
3	This is a great little coffee shop in the South Side. I think there are so many coffee options in this area that it sometimes gets left out.It has free wifi.Plenty of table/sitting space for work or studying.There is a small seating area outside on those random sunny days.The bathrooms are clean.I get simple drinks when I go so I can't judge the drink situation like any other coffee person because I'll drink just about anything.They have a wide variety of packaged baked goods and I love the mugs they sell with the goat logo.The inside could use a makeover for sure, but overall it's a nice place.
