4	I'm only giving this 4 stars, because it is a chain.  The service here seems to be pretty good, and whenever I've been there they seem to have fresh veggies (unlike the Subway on Lichtfield and Bell).
4	Food of course tastes the same or very similar to every other Subway.  I did want to get on here and say the service was decent and fairly quick, considering the dinner line that was there when I showed up.
3	I was ecstatic when I learned a Subway opened right in the exact location that I had suggested on their website. But today was my first chance to try it out. Boy, was I disappointed! I asked for no onions (they upset my tummy). What do I find when I get home? Onions! Lots of them! Ok, mistakes happen, right? But where's my napkins? They generally give you a couple in the bag, but maybe the guy was distracted by his girlie that had just walked in, so I'll give him some slack. But wait! Here's the last straw: my footlong was NOT cut in half! How the heck do you eat half a footlong unless it's cut? Ok, so I'm at home, I have a knife, I can cut it myself. The thing is, yes Subway is a chain so you expect them to all be pretty much the same, including the service. My advice to this employee, go back to work at Jack's!
4	Subway is always good for three stars, but this one gets four!  They are always especially good at breakfast time at this location and have coffee ready to go and the breakfast sandwich they make is pretty darn good.   Count me in as a fan of Subway!Love the breakfast melt on english muffin with egg whites.  Pretty tasty!!!
4	Always busy which is a good sign that they do a good job at this store considering there are 3 others within a 3 mile radius. Store is always clean, staff is attentive and friendly, and fast. I don't have to repeat myself 50 times with what to put on my sandwiches either which is something I do appreciate. All in all a nice place to stop by for lunch on the go!
2	I try.. Really I do. But I am a ToGo's girl. I grew up with my #9 pastrami sandwich. This location was fast, they did good with our food, well as good as you can with processed meats. :/ My only complaint is the layout of the store. Could have been configured better. I only gave it 2 stars because when I do eat here, I always get sick. Now if I lost weight, I'd give them a star back! Haha!
2	It's subway. There isn't much else to say. The employees always look dead inside. It has that fake fresh bread smell just like all the subway locations. I usually end up going here when I go to blockbuster and smell that sickly addicting smell for 10 minutes while browsing for a movie. I'm almost always disappointed, but overall you can do worse in the fast food realm.
4	Great as usual. Staff was friendly and quick. I like when the store is kept clean - which they were. Exactly what you would expect which is good.
1	Is it just me or has Subway gone downhill lately? My husband and I visited this location last night and it was sub par for sure. With all the new competition in the sandwich business you'd think they would step up their game but I guess not. All the veggies looked like they were from last week, and the employees were less than thrilled about their Friday night shift! But how is this my fault? Also when I got home I was only able to eat half my sandwich because one bite into the second half I found a long hair... my hair was up in a pony tail just sayin'. I'm about to give up on Subway
