5	Cool place with nice gently used designer clothing for men and women. Not a bad men's selection either which is not common. My wife stopped in with about 10 of my shirts and some of her clothes and they gave us $60 cash which was enough to buy some jeans and a few shirts. I'll start making this a regular stop to check it out since there were shirts for as low as $7 and designer jeans for $25!  Small little place is next to Heidi's deli on the NW corner of T-bird and 83 ave.
4	I have to say that I was pretty excited when I saw this place open up next to the children"s consignment shop. Let's start with the positive, because that's the way I like it! I have had two experiences with selling clothes and both times have been good. I make sure the owner is there when I bring my items in. Trust me on this. They are fair with the prices, it is what it is. I bring in as much as I can, this way your not making multiple trips for 18 bucks. You can choose store credit or cash. The store credit is always more than $cash$ and can be used at either resale shop! I love this!! The one star review is a bit harsh, I must say. But, I do agree with the comments on the poor customer service given by the young ladies. When the owner is not there, the store suffers in that department. The ladies have never been rude to me, but I see a lot of room for improvement. I want to say that the store is really well organized and clean. Upgraded fixtures and wooden hangers make this place super chic and with great bargins to be found!
5	anytime I'm in the area I stop in to cop some gear! great prices on top brands.
5	Large inventory of designer jeans at fantastic prices!Great selection of handbags and accessories too.  I shop here for my daughter but was pleasantly surprised to find a rack of name brand plus size clothing.
2	I can't say I had a great time here. A bit pricey and not a lot to show for it. If you're planning to trade in your clothing and accessories for cash, know that they pay lives up to the title "cheapskate". $8 cash for a bag they resold for 9 times what they paid me? Give me a break.
4	This is my second time selling here. The ladies are all very nice, a very different vibe than Buffalo Exchange. If it's Summer take in Winter and Fall. If it's Winter take in Summer.
1	Do not sell your clothes to them. Either they're taught to try and rip you off or they don't know brand names. I get it's a second hand store, but most places in the valley will give you way more than they do. Their prices on clothes should be much lower compared to how much they pay for them.
5	Love this place! Visited for the first time today and found a lot of cute things in my size (l-xl). They also were able to give me a decent amount of store credit for my used clothes. I will definitely be shopping there again soon!
5	I love this place!!! Josta was great with helping me pick a outfit for a special event. If your looking for a cost effective cheap last minute this is the place to go!!!! Plus you can resell items you have bought before and items in your closet.
