5	When I mentioned to some friends that I was in search of some local pet boutiques, my friend Allyson B. gave me a list of some of the ones that she knew of... Mackie's Parlour was at the top of the list.  I looked it up on Yelp and saw there was only one review, so I figured I'd go check it out for myself.  I couldn't believe that I'd never been in before based on their location alone.  They are located in the Hilton Shopping Plaza next door to Blue Wasabi 2 and near Cupcakes.  They have a cute little door (like a good parlour should) and they are dog friendly.  Minnie came too and was instantly wagging her tail when we walked in she smelled all of the scents of treats, dogs, people, toys, etc... so much to see and sniff!As S W said in her review, this store really does have everything dog!  They have an excellent selection of dog collars and leashes; dog beds, coats, dresses, bowls, an even sunglasses/goggles.  Mackie's Parlour also carries homemade treats made locally and bullies (I think is what they called them) that are made in the USA (compared to other treats) and Minnie instantly went to sniff!  Of course, I was looking primarily at all of the dog goodies, but if you are a cat person, they have plenty for you too!As Minnie and I shopped around, Vince and Tony (the owners) apologized because they said they were low on inventory as it's just after the holidays.  I thought they had plenty of inventory though!  They were extremely friendly and informed me that they've owned the boutique for 6 years now!  Minnie and I missed taking pictures with 'the real' Santa Claus by just a few weeks - damn!  I also learned that they've recently been voted the 'best pet boutique in the valley' by Phoenix Magazine for the 2nd year in a row.If you are looking to pamper your pooch, this is a great place to do it!  Or, if you are looking for a gift for that dog or cat lover that has it all, go to Mackie's - I guarantee you'll find something unique and different!Minnie gives '5 wags.'  I give 5 stars!
5	Thank you to the 2 owners of Mackie's Parlour - Max has some pretty yummy shampoo that is perfect for his sensitive skin!!They had all of the BLING you can imagine for all pet lovers - from treats to toy, studded collars and posh beds!! This is the place for happy pets make!Max gave it High-5!!
5	A must!  I would NOT shop anywhere else in Scottsdale for one of a kind dog accessories!!  Vince and Tony are the best, and will take great care of you and your furry friends.  You can rest at peace knowing that you will be in GREAT hands.Mark Siebelhttp://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
5	always smiling and happy.they have all the goodies you need when you want to spoil your hairy friend.
5	Hands down, the best place to shop for your pet anywhere in the country...believe me, I have looked in pet stores everywhere my travels take me to!  The owners, Tony & Vince, make the experience so enjoyable.  They truly get to know you and your pet and make recommendations that are always spot on. They have the most unique items from clothing, jewelry, toys, beds etc.  Everything we buy for our dog, Lily, comes from Mackie's Parlour.  I love that they gave her a VIP card too...guess that means we buy a lot there!Trust me, you must check this place out if you are a pet owner...totally worth your time and money!
5	Gilligan and Brinkley LOVE Mackie's Parlour!  They look forward to going to the store every Saturday to see one of their most favorite buddies, Nigel!  Nigel loves to see Gilligan and Brinkley also, and let's them know how excited he is by talking to us!   They also have fabulous merchandise, and if they don't have something, they can always order it!  We love the boys at Mackie's Parlour!!
5	This store is super cute and I love it. The owners are awesome & are always so friendly, even in sad times for them recently. My dogs love it here, especially cause some of their products and toys are on the ground, so the dogs can see it! I buy all my pup cakes here and ALL their food and treats are good for dogs, instead of made in china crap. They also buy a lot of stuff from local small business owners, so instead of a cheap (or unknown where it's made or what its in it) the item you get is great quality that lasts, so it of course costs more. Recently one of the owners gave me a new treat they were starting to carry and my dogs loved it, which one of my dogs is overly picky. It is made from a local guy in Sedona. Yea kind of pricy, but healthy, natural  and I'm supporting  local businesses, which feels good!  I wish they were open later during the week, But hey they are always there and prob want a life too ;) Thanks for always being so nice and welcoming! Max and Ralphie love u guys and we will be back!!! Thanks for always being a fun place to visit!
