5	My go to, absolute favorite grocery store.  Sure, I love Trader Joe's and Whole Foods for specialty items for dinner or entertaining but they aren't one stop shops like Safeway.  This location has recently gone through a renovation and a lot of great changes.  The staff are friendly and helpful too.  Just beware, the snow birds flock here and sometimes hold up the lines while writing checks or scrounging around for exact change, so come with some patience.
2	My first visit to a Safeway since leaving New England.  A pretty good experience overall.  They were celebrating a remodel and having quite a busy Saturday.I asked a very tall woman (we're talking WNBA stature) with an overlong and sparkly rhinestone belt which way to the bakery.  She decided the best thing was to escort us to the bakery.I have been escorted off the premises, I have been escorted to the restroom, I have even been "...warned and sent, copy, over."  But I have never been escorted to the bakery.We opted to pass on the croissant we came in for since they only sell them in bunches.  Instead we picked up some doughnuts and stopped at Starbucks on the way out.  The doughnuts were discounted but only if you have a Safeway card.  The clerk refused to scan a generic card or give the discount unless I could provide my info to be in the system.  Oh yea, I remember why I quit going to Safeway.  The woman behind us offered her number so that we could get the discount.Safeway remains one of the bottom dwelling grocery chains in my esteem.
5	The sandwiches at the Signature Cafe are amazing and so is the Fresh Soup.  I shop the sale items for the Fuel Perks.  I must say the bakery makes some really good fresh bread!  Plus the Safeway Signature Frozen Foods and other items are better then the brand names!
4	This particular Safeway has an amazing wine department.  They even have a wine room!  It's a beautiful thing to behold.  Upon my first visit I was admiring the wine selection when an employee asked if I needed any help.  I told him I was just admiring all the wine and I said it was a beautiful department.  He thanked me and handed me his card.  It turns out he runs that department.  Now I'm not saying this is on a par with someplace like Total Wine or Bev Mo but they do have a nice selection. I also know they offer specials if you by 6 or more bottles.  Don't forget your Safeway card for the discount.  The rest of the store is well kept, clean, and easy to find what you need.  They do have good sales on stock up items each week.  I shopped at Safeway when I lived in California.  Here in Arizona there are so many stores to choose from but if Safeway has a good sale on something I'm there.  If you like wine and live in the area you should come check it out.
4	It's a good Safeway.  Predictably good meats and produce, and some of the bakery items are pretty good too (artisan breads).  Not the cheapest of the groceries. Shop the sales and you can save some money.This one is particularly cool because they cater to an older crowd (Sun Lakes).  So they have some better stuff, in my opinion.  Less of the kids junk food (Lunchables and that crap), and more stuff to appeal to grown-ups.  They have the kids' stuff, too, but you can tell the difference when you shop here.
1	The worst shopping experience ever. Went in for a simple bagel, butter, banana & sprite. My light lunch of choice working a delivery job in the heat. The bakery was dark midday, odd. Bagels not well displayed, very few choices.Asked if I could get it toasted & some butter. No we don't toast, ask the deli for butter. Asked the deli, NO butter is not on our condiment order list. Check the bakery.A big disappointment since Bashas offers to toast it and ask how many butters you'd like when you are selecting a bagel.On a positive note, the wine department & steward looked impressive.
3	It's Safeway.  Similar to most Safeways.  This one is perhaps a bit more up-scale because it is very near a retirement community (Sun Lakes).  At least it seems to be.  The meats and produce seem to be of good quality.  Safeway can be a bit pricey, but they sometimes have good sales and their new "app" gives you further discounts.  All you need is a smartphone and a Safeway shopper's card.
5	The store is super clean and usually not too busy. I am a huge fan of their pharmacy. They get your prescriptions filled within minutes. Fry's will fill my prescriptions in 30-40 minutes. At Safeway, 10 minutes is the longest I have ever waited. The pharmacists are super friendly and work fast.
4	An absolutely great food store.  Their "$5 Fridays" are fun and I love the sushi window.  But most importantly is the amazing service.  Everyone is very friendly and helpful like they are at just about every Safeway facility - but it seems particularly sincere at this store.
5	OMG! Ron the Wine guy, and Darren the Cheese guy are superb! We were visiting Arlene who lives down the street and came in everyday for: well - wine, cheese and produce. Beautiful store, great selections, alert and helpful staff. It's a fun place to shop. Also, the Starbucks people were lovely as well....makes me wish I lived in the neighborhood!
5	Since the remodel this has become my new favorite store. I used to go to Frys (the occasional panhandler turns me off) but prefer SW since its cleaner has more options for fine food and has deals during the middle of the week. I ve noticed more organic and diet options are being added as well.  This one has a gas station which is a nice convenience. Good CS is a plus as well. I think they have stepped up a bit. They should as this is in better area of Chandler.
4	I live next to here and it's everything I like in a supermarket.  I love to daily grocery shop and this Safeway is always clean, fresh produce, fresh baked goods and pretty good meat/fish counter.   Customer service is always friendly.
