3	Hmmm...not quite sure what to make of this place.  It's right on the corner and has a nice patio for people watching.  Inside is a good sized bar area, an open floor area for standing or dancing, and a few tables and booths around the exterior.They offer food during the day and early evening and then become a nightclub at night.It just seems like another new place without much to set it apart or make it feel special.  It might have a slightly older crowd but in general it's the same people you see out all the time.  I get the feeling people are here because it"s new but that will wear off soon in my opinion.
5	Very cool new spot in the Old Town Scottsdale area by Maya. Was surprised when this opened because there was no hoop-la on FaceBook or Instagram however it was totally packed the first two nights it was open. Awesome atmosphere! I haven't been for the food yet but according to new times they will serve breakfast and lunch, even dinner until about 11pm when it turns into a bar / club.
5	WOW!!!  First off, the place is gorgeous.  Hats off to the designers and craftsmen that put this place together - well done - very well done.  I attended the friends and family opening the other night; a good friend of mine Tay Black invited me..  Tay gave me a tour and I was really impressed.  I was especially impressed with the coffee shop.  Tay told me they will have coffee on tap; that is not something you can really find in Scottsdale so I'm super excited about that..  On another note I wanted to point out how professional and courteous the security staff was. Their security is obviously not your run of the mill old town "bouncer"..  Between the awesome staff and good food and great atmosphere I'm sure Dakota is going to be the new go to spot for Scottsdale's young partying professionals.
5	This place is by far the new hot spot in Scottsdale! Dakota has it all. Amazing food, excellent staff, great nightlife and breath taking decor. I highly suggest you check this place out.
5	My wife and I live in the area and are pleasantly surprised by how nice Dakota came out.  Contrary to the other nightlife spots in this area, Dakota has a great morning and daytime vibe.  The interior is crisp and clean yet inviting. Now the best part of our visit was the coffee.  The cappuccino was smooth, the milk and coffee seemed to blend perfectly and create and almost silky texture.  I can say it was the best cappuccino I have had in AZ.  We will definitely come back for breakfast and will likely try lunch as they have a no mayo Tuna Melt.
1	Went for dinner with friends tonight. The place itself looks great, loved the lighting and projections on walls. That is the only thing that we found we liked. The music was a little loud and played during the commercials on TV, it was good club music though. When game came back on they switched on the audio for TVs. This was so loud that we could not talk across the table or even to the person next to us without raising our voices. This would not be a place to sit down for a relaxed meal and enjoy the company of the people you are with. Staff were friendly and for the most part attentive although apologized a lot for things they did not yet have. We visited the website for the restaurant which is quite well done, the phone number listed though goes to a property management company that is not open on weekends. This number is on the website as well as on their facebook site. The menu on the website looked very good with a lot of options, once we got to the restaurant there was a limited menu. This was explained as they were trying some other options. The menu was so limiting as to have no appeal. Since they were trying out some options you would think they would come back and ask you what you that of them but this never occurred. There were salads but no appetizers. If you drink alcohol there were certainly options available. However, when ice tea was requested the response was the company they contract with had not delivered it so there was no ice tea yet. Certainly picking up a few bags of cold brew tea at a grocery store could solve this until vendor delivers. As to the food itself, the short ribs had good flavor however they were cold inside. There was an Navajo fry bread option that had lamb on it. The flavor of the lamb, although a tad bit salty was overall very good. The "fry bread" itself was inedible. It was nearly impossible to bite through and the taste was unpleasant. Of the three slightly bigger than silver dollar sized fry breads less than one of the actual bread parts was eaten. The meatballs were underwhelming and another ravioli/noodle dish looked so unappetizing as to not want to eat it. The Caesar salad was unremarkable and nothing about it wowed us. Portion sizes were small when based on price. The dishes almost seemed like appetizers rather than entreesHope this is just the issue that happens with a new opening and that they have success. It is concerning though if they have been open for less than two weeks and are already trying new menu options. The online menu was certainly appealing, the menu in the restaurant, had it been on line we never would have gone. Based on quantity and quality after we got done eating there we left and went out to eat. Do with the Dakota success however based on tonight they have a ways to go before they will be ready for primetime.
5	Great ambiance, absolutely love the decor, very inviting and comfortable. The layout is great and not awkward when it's crowded. Went on a Friday night, good crowd great group of people. They have a great brunch went on a Sunday and lots of TVs for game days! They have a DJ on Sunday's too . During the week they have a cute little coffee shop on the side for a quick coffee, pastry, and small snack that opens at 630 am. Great customer service easy to get a drink, definitely will be back!
4	I visited Dakota on a Saturday night and had good time dancing with friends. The place was very roomy, the dance floor is a decent size, the bouncers and bartenders were friendly, and the music was great. I will definitely be back in the near future. My only con is that there are not many placed to sit. Unless you reserve a table, it appears the patio Is the only place to sit.
