4	I had a really great shopping experience at Nitsa's and TOTALLY recommend it for brides or mother's of the bride. They've got a great selection when you first walk in for mother's of the bride, I found their selection to be very refreshing amongst the same old dresses you see every mother of the bride (or groom!) wearing. Very classy, and I thought the prices were very decent. The sales people were very helpful, I explained I was looking for a dress for my mom and they put me with a different sales person they felt would be a better help - she was such a nice woman and genuinely wanted to help me find a dress for my mom. She even held up the dresses and let me take pics with my phone! Which is a HUGE no-no in any of the places in NY I have looked - they don't allow you to take any pics and won't even tell you the names of the designers who make the dresses because they don't want you going elsewhere to get it. This place was totally not like that! I breezed through their bridal section looking for jewelry, and didn't have luck there but they did have a nice selection of dresses.
5	Naomi is amazing!!! She is so patient and she can take a simple dress and accessorize to turn it  into a one of a kind creation. This is the only place in Charlotte I would recommend to get the gown of your dreams because I trust Naomi to help thru the process and not just trying to make a quick sale.
1	Disappointed doesn't begin to explain. I now spent $350 on a bridesmaid dress that will never be worn. It is the wrong size, they won't alter it. They will do nothing and now I do not have a dress to wear at a wedding that is 2 1/2 weeks away. Hailey the assistant manager is clueless and unhelpful. She knew nothing about the dress which is why it is wrong. So I thought maybe the manager Hannah would help. NOPE. Nothing. They even made the bride call the manufacturer herself, talk about poor customer service.I would NEVER recommend Nitsa's. I would even give it one star.
1	Totally disappointed in the service at this bridal boutique! Nobody would help us and they were eating in the back. Very snobby would NEVER recommend this boutique to any bride! The store was empty and they acted like they had no time for us!
