5	There are so many great perks about coming here. They have free wifi, free laundry soap, the place is CLEAN. You will not find a mess in here. The staff is nice and friendly, the place is kid friendly which is very important.  I recommend to anyone that needs to do laundry.
5	Very cheap "self service laundry"  the guy in this laundry was very helpful.  They also have a drop off service they charge per machine approximately 5$.I recommand this address which is 3 miles from the strip
4	Enjoyed doing my laundry here. The location is fine and the place is clean. The crowd here is largely Hispanic and everyone seems friendly. Prices range from $1.50 - $5 for a front loader based on size (I'm a single man and did all two weeks' laundry for $4 + dryer), or $1 for a few old top loaders. I used my own detergent (but there was free powder available) and everything came out smelling great.The attendant on duty at the time I visited was EXTREMELY helpful and friendly, even helping me figure out what size I needed for washers.Change machine for $1 - $20 bills available at no fee. There is also water on hot days, and coffee, all for free as well.WiFi was free, but unfortunately very flaky. Perhaps WiFi should be password only to speed it up. This is my only complaint. However, the washer and dryer finished up in about 45 minutes altogether, so I didn't get too bored.
5	I brought a TON of items/uniforms here to get washed for work, honestly it was a HUGE amount. I brought it all specifically separated (but didn't expect that they would leave it as so) and requested to please have it sanitized. I asked it be ready in a day/day a a half and when I went to pick up I was VERY happy with what I received!! Everything was clean and nice smelling and it was separated as specifically as I had dropped it off. Everything was folded and made my life so much easier when it came time to put it all away. All this for only $35!! I will definitely be coming back and using Waschen Guer's service. :)
