4	Where in Phoenix can you go  for an eco-friendly make over for your home?  aka Green has got your numberHeat resistance counter top made of recycled materials?  Absolutely, and  will you be taking that in glass or paper? Low emission paint?  TotallyAlternative flooring? Check And these stuff look good too...the aka green people were friendly and informative...I had a blast window shopping...and I'd be back when I'm ready to renovate
5	Go Green with a.k.a. green.  You'll be glad you did.I can't emphasize enough how expert the staff at a.k.a. green really is.  They test every single product they sell (and don't sell) and that's amazing.a.k.a.Green co-founder Mick Dalrymple helped start the Arizona Chapter of the U.S. Green Building Council and now serves on the national Board of the organization.  Additionally, he worked with a task force to update the Scottsdale Green Building Program's residential checklist, which launched in September, 2006.  Currently, he's advising the national council on developing a single, all-encompassing green certification for products - something the industry (and customers) desperately need.I had the opportunity to hear Mick speak at one of Scottsdale's Green Building Lectures, and I came away with two pages of notes, as well as a newfound love for clay paints and cork flooring.You get what you pay for at a.k.a. green, so if you're remodeling, be sure to check it out.  You'll find deals, too, sometimes.  The last time I was down there, there was probably 25 gallons of beautiful clay paint for half price.  Cork flooring is cheaper than you think, too... much cheaper.Seriously.  This is one of the best green products dealers in the nation - if not the world.  Check it out.
5	aka Green is an eco-building dream. It's also a fun and accessible place to browse. They have all kinds of goodies here: Yolo and other low-VOC paints, kirei board (google it, you have to see the pictures), marmoleum and other cool flooring, compact CFL bulbs, and a boatload of cleaning and stripping products. If you've ever used Jasco to strip something and wandered around in a daze for two weeks, this is the place for you. The owners and staff know what they're doing and are extremely helpful. Green products often require shifts in perspective and technique. I've always found the people here to be honest about the positives and challenges in working with materials (like pressed sorghum boards) that weren't readily available until a few years ago. Tip: aka green is heavily involved in community events. Check the calendar at akagreen.com . Four stars for innovative products, 1/2 star for above-and-beyond dialogue, and 1/2 star for thoughtful activism.
5	I actually buy materials here (even though I live in California) because of its incredible selection and very helpful staff.  Think of AKA GREEN as a environmentally-friendly products HOME DEPOT, well, a very small one.Best service and great selection!  Highly recommend it
4	Unfortunate, but this business is closing down its showroom. Their email newsletter says:"We realize this may come as a surprise to many but, due to a variety of reasons [including the obvious economic elephant], we have decided to close the retail operations of a.k.a. Green in mid-December. "Inventory is being liquidated at 15% to 55% off, and they have some cool stuff. Check it out if you need anything.
