1	I stopped in here to eat while waiting on a tire change at Discount Tire.  I thought this was supposed to be a family restaurant. The waitress (girl) had on shorts so short, she probably should have been working at the Candy Store instead.  SHAME on Pizza Hut for not enforcing a better dress code. Sitting in a booth & having someone come to serve you your food with their rear end hanging in your face is not very professional.  Sorry... will not go back.  Can't even remember how the food tasted because this ruined the whole experience.
2	My Family has stopped here and picked up Pizza Before and they've never really complained, so after seeing the commercial about the $10 dinner box I decided to get one of them here, upon arriving I got out of my car and smelled a horrible odor which I Figured was coming from one of the tire shops on either side (Fat Boys/Discount Tire) but upon entering the building the smell actually worsened, it smelled like stinky feet, as for the actual customer service - I have experienced much better. after sitting down and putting up with the odor, the manager (i guess) and what appeared to be other workers started lecturing another employee on how to be a better employee (the way they were talking it sounded like they were once military instructors) very disturbing even for just waiting for my order, what if i was in here having dinner with my family or something, I surely would not want to hear a lecture while I was trying to enjoy my food. upon leaving there was several employees outside texting in the reasonably small parking lot
4	I'm stuck-I really don't know what to rate these guys! We ordered take-out. I called in the order, and the guy that answered was very friendly and professional. I heard the other line ringing and I asked if he needed to answer it, and he said no, I was his only customer; which I thought was great. He said the pizzas would be ready in 15 minutes and confirmed the specifics of the order. Dave went and got the pizzas, and they were ready when they were supposed to be. So good service! I haven't had Pizza Hut in a long time; but I expected the quality to be consistent with my past experience. I grew up on Pizza Hut, we used to drive to the next town (7 miles) over for this treat (yes, I'm from a rural place)...and no matter how long the time passes, it's always that same greasy crust I know I shouldn't be eating, but yet I love to eat it. Anyways, the veggies and topping were good quality, my only complaint is that the crust was too doughy; neither the pan pizza or the hand tossed were cooked long enough; which did lead to my disappointment. So why don't I know how to rate them? I love pizza and eat it all the time. If I was going to rate them on taste alone: 2.5 (doughy crust); service: 5; uniqueness: 2; however consistency, turn-around time and service in this location was good tonight! So they earn 4 stars; hopefully they will adjust the cooking times in he future! It's not gourmet, and I've definitely have had better, but it's decent.
3	Pizza was small and overly greasy.  Otherwise it was good.  The atmosphere for dining inside is rather dated and limited.
2	I mean it's Pizza Hut what do you actually expect. But I can say there a new pizzas are terrific and actually tasteful!
