4	It's in the middle of a short strip of great places to get a quick take-away meal in the airport.  Options like this usually make me stress, especially since all the little stands looked exactly the same.  There's a sushi one, a bagel bar, all mini-versions of some restaurants in the Montreal area.This one's unique for its pizza offerings, but I got the grilled veggie sandwich.  It was on a crunchy, crispy ciabatta loaf, with some provolone cheese.  It had peppers, asparagus, and tomato on it, as well as an amazing pesto spread I wasn't expecting.  They heated it up and put it in an adorable little white box.  It was trendier than I was.Best of all? It wasn't even impossible, at all, to eat on the plane!Minus a star for the blaise attitude of the cashier when I was standing in line for 20 minutes... They had four people making egg salad croissant sandwiches, and one guy taking orders, and this woman and her annoying prepubescent daughter were arguing about chocolate milk in front of me and the daughter was imitating Gollum from Lord of the Rings and I barely made it back to my flight in time... But I did. And I had pesto-y asparagus.  My precious.
4	Good food. Not just pizza and sandwiches. I had rack of lamb it was awesome!
4	it's funny how the airport counter has a better yelp rating than the sit down one downtown.  the one downtown is deafening.  whomever designed the acoustics must be going deaf.  the kind of unce-unce eatery where you don't have much to say to each other since you can't hear them anyway. thankfully, this is not the issue here.  known for their pizzas, they have other items that were quite appealing.  it was still early and i opted for a buttery croissant with ham and cheese.  the coffee was flavorful and tasty.  had i not gone for brekkie, the sandwiches looked divine.  something i would have ordered if walking around town and not the crappie turkey ones with wilted lettuce that has an expiration date of " best before..." take it to go or eat it at the table seating nearby before you jet off.i didn't get the meh attitude allison m. did.  my server was quite nice and patient.  the employees that day seemed on point even when the manager was doing a drive by.
4	Airport food. It's often been used as a insult, hasn't it? Well, let me tell you, there is nothing to insult about Weinstein & Gavino's. When I saw their display case I stopped dead in my tracks. How could I not? These are some scrumptious sandwiches!The choices are vast, including a veggie option that contained more than just the standard lettuce, tomato and cucumber. It almost won me over, but at the end of day, my heart belongs to ham and cheese.One thing that did surprise me was that my sandwich was heated. It's not stated anywhere that this will happen, and as such I wasn't expecting it and was slightly put off for a moment. I was already feeling a little overheated from being on a plane, and had been looking to a cold refreshing meal. Then I opened the box and inhaled the amazing scent of melting cheese and juicy ham and decided not to judge too quickly. This sandwich was one of the best I have ever eaten. From an airport! Are you serious? It just goes to show that you never know where you might find great food. Sadly, there was one giant flaw for me that kicked a star off this rating. No mustard? No option for mustard? Nope. Had this sandwich been cold, this would have been dry as a bone as it had no sauce of any kind. I should start traveling with a bottle. Mustard Emergencies are all too real.
4	This may seriously be the best Airport food at YUL transborder. The name reminds me of Dean and Delucas in SOHO and the food is similar styleI dropped by and was questioning myself....should I eat a smoked meat at the kiosk close by? Hmmmm...no.....grossly over priced sushi down the hall? Mmmmm. No! Okay then I'll try W & G's. I ended up choosing a healthy size piece of tomato, spinach with light garlic and it was fantastic! A bit on the soggy side ( all those fresh vegetables will sure do it) but devishly good!  The attendant cut the slice into 4 small pieces and it was perfect. They do have sandwiches and other pizza to choose from. All looks like gourmet food!Service was pleasant and polite. What else can you ask for?
