5	they always do great job! Love this place and all the staff here are friendly!
1	These Ladys where allllllll up in my business.They actually ask my boyfriend and myself who had the better paying job. This embarrassing to my boyfriend, had his first dedi experience ruined. They even started treating him differently after asking who was paying. My  other issue is that out of all the other customers, I was the only one they asked to pay before finishing my treatments. I know this because we where walk-ins and watched several groups come in and go out.
4	So far the best nail service received in Charlotte. The color on my nails is going on week two and still has barely chipped. My toe color hasn't chipped at all. The service itself was excellent. They really took their time on both the mani and pedi, and you can see the result! Even better, they have drinks available if interested. Nothing like getting a relaxing Mani/pedi with a glass of wine! They are located in quail corners. Very very clean inside, decor however is a little outdated. My massage chair was broken too and did this weird sorta of vibrating thing.  Love the chandeliers tho! Will definitely go back for round two! If you are looking for a nail place that takes their time and provides great quality, definitely worth testing out this place.
2	Went a second time and did not have a great experience. Sat in a different seat and that seat didn't work as well. Had to tell the lady that my water was too hot and burning my feet, then it ended up being too cold. Customer next to me had to let them know that her water was close to over flowing. Received a drink, and after finishing it, noticed a bug in my glass. Pedicure turned out good, but manicure not so much. Pointed out that one of my nails had too much polish on it which caused a pretty large bubble. They fixed it, but that caused another nail to smudge that they tried to fix by rubbing a little bit of nail polish remover on it. It didn't work. I won't be going back.
