4	Hilton Garden Inns - honestly, they were my home the past month throughout the country. Traveling for work is good and all, but when you forget what day it is and what city you are in, that's never the best sign.Anyways, I liked this Garden Inn. The rooms were pretty decent, although the renewal of the login for the internet access was inconvenient. The bathrooms were nice and the shower's temp and water pressure was really good. Beds weren't as comfy as other HGIs, and thats mostly because they weren't the adjustable firmness beds, so it took me a bit of time to get used to it. Fridge, coffee maker, and microwave - all standard in HGIs - were decent, although they did have Starbucks coffee, which was better than what they normally have.The breakfast in the morning was not good, period. But aside from that there really wasn't much to dislike about this place. The staff was friendly, the maid service was on par, and the prices were somewhat reasonable.
5	I stayed here last weekend when I was down here for a wedding.  The group rate I got (on a holiday weekend) was $109 a night.  I didn't know what to expect because I had never stayed in a Hilton Garden Inn before.  I wasn't surprised when I saw the microwave & mini fridge, but I was wonderfully surprised to see the the Mirra chair & the adjustable bed!  I loved how I was able to adjust the softness of the bed because that feature isn't even offered at some of the nicest Vegas hotels I've been to.  There was an ample amount of channels offered, which was nice since I stayed in my room my first night since I wouldn't have access to my rental car until the next day.  The toiletries were Neutrogena products, which was good to see because I love the scent of Neutrogena soap/shampoo/conditioner.  The only downside were the prices of some of the items in the Pavillion Pantry.  $4 for a cup 'o' noodles-like soup bowl?  $7 for a mini pizza (that costs less than a buck at a grocery store?  Well I guess that's what you pay for convenience & they do have to make their money back some way.
4	I don't really require much out of a hotel. Pretty much in my head as I enter a room the thoughts are something like this:Bed? CheckNo bugs? CheckSeems safe? CheckBathroom? CheckAs long as those criteria are met I'm pretty much happy. The Hilton Garden Inn met these expectations and more. They have comfy beds, a swimming pool, a nice little breakfast area and (the thing that won me over) free wireless Internet. Plus the people working there are super friendly and personable.For the price you'll likely be hard pressed to find a better deal I imagine.
4	Friendly/helpful staff, bottled water daily, refilled soaps/lotions, clean room, breakfast made-to-order (omelettes and eggs/hashbrowns). Drawbacks: my trash wasn't taken out one day, so I had to call to have it taken out that night. And I was on the top floor, which was half smoking - my room smelled slightly like smoke one out of my four nights there (also, I didn't even know there was such a thing as a smoking hotel room still? maybe i've just lived in California too long) ;)
4	Comfortable bed, free Wifi, convenient location, excellent pool-- what more can I ask for?  I stayed here for two nights, as we had a layover in Phoenix before we headed out to Hawaii for vacation.  The Hilton Garden Inn was surprisingly pleasant.  The lobby was beautiful, the room was new and clean.  The employees were all personable and the price of less than $100 a night was right on point.I would definitely stay here again if I needed to spend a night or two in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  Nothing fancy, but it's quite comfortable.
2	We got to the hotel and our plans had changed. 15 minutes later, we decided we weren't going to stay. The hotel wouldn't cancel our reservation for us without charging us for a half day, even though we had spent less than 5 minutes upstairs and hadn't touched a single thing in the room. It's not like the hotel wasn't nice, but the lack of human understanding and customer service was disturbing. It's unfortunate that any sort of one time gesture couldn't have been made. With all the options out there, I will certainly not be staying at a Hilton again in the future.
5	I thought this Hilton hotel was beautiful!  The staff were also very friendly. The list goes on with the friendly things they did to make our stay pleasant. 1. They opened the doors for us and greeted everyone when we came and went. 2. They offered free coffee and fruit flavored water in the lobby every morning. One evening when they were out of water the receptionist even offered me a free bottle of water. 3. Another evening they were handing out free cookies that I took up to my room to enjoy. Our hotel room was nice as well. We had a coffee maker and tea bags which is always a plus. The only downside was there were too many kids at the pool and I wanted to swim a little. Can't blame them for wanting to splash around in the pool on a hot day though.
5	I couldn't be more happy about our stay at this hotel. My friend and I drove overnight (11 hour trip) from San Francisco for spring training. We pulled in to town at 8 am and obviously we were exhausted. We went to the hotel not only did they let us check in at 8 am (regular check in 3 pm) they gave us a complimentary breakfast. The rooms were clean, spacious and quiet. I didn't hear anyone once we were in our room and I know on Saturday night there was a loud group of people across from our room (I could hear them in the hallway) but didn't hear a thing in our room. This hotel is walking distance to Old Scotsdale and the Spring Training stadium. I will definitely be staying here next year!
4	This was the hotel my guests and I stayed at for my wedding.  Even if you don't include a group block rate, the prices at the Hilton Garden Inn are incredible for North Scottsdale.  This may be one of the cheaper hotels in the area.  The staff is also easy to work with and very accommodating.  Lexy, the sales manager, was wonderful about addressing all of our concerns about reservations and arranging transportation for our guests.The rooms are clean and spacious, and each has a microwave and mini fridge.  The shower had great water pressure, and I have no complaints about the comfort of the bed.  I didn't watch very much TV, but I believe there was a full list of channels not just the standard hotel package of 10 to 20 channels and HBO.  The outdoor pool is well shaded by the building and trees around it, making it a perfect spot to cool off on a warm summer afternoon.If you're looking for a basic hotel, this Hilton Garden Inn will surpass needs.  If you need more amenities, there are several resorts in just minutes away.
5	My friend and I stayed here during a friend's wedding weekend.  We had a rate of $109/night.  We were pleased with all aspects....except their tiny bar closes at 10pm.  The rooms were nice and clean.  The bathroom was clean and modern.  The water pressure was good.  The beds and the pillows were comfortable.  A fridge, microwave, and a keurig machine were provided.  We couldn't have asked for more!The lobby is very nice.  Complimentary cucumber and lemon water are offered in the lobby as well as coffee.  The pool area looked nice.  There's a gym.  Breakfast is not complimentary.  We found a fantastic breakfast spot called Over Easy that's a short drive away.I don't think there's anything within walking distance of this hotel.
4	They have THE best cookies in the evening at the reception desk! The rooms are clean and up to the usual Hilton standards. Disney channel? Check! Food Network? Check! Clean beds. Good location on the border of Phoenix and Scottsdale. No complaints here.
3	Nice place with friendly staff but not worth the $230 a night price, hot tub was broken both days so they lost a star. Free coffee and infused water in the lobby were nice.
5	I stay here often, the beds are awesome, they adjust to your preference of firmness, if your looking for a good night sleep this is the place.
