3	This place has been here for over 25 years. They have had good times and bad times. Right now must be a good time. The place look great, fresh and clean. The service was ok but the manager dude was great. The food was good and they have some decent choices now. We had a fish plate with 2 big filet's, slaw, frys and hush puppies. I had 2 fish tacos and lobster bites. The plate was shared by both kids and they eat the majority of it and liked it. I had the tacos and while there are no good fish tacos in AZ these did alright. I would prefer not so crusty breading though. The lobster bites are fantastic but be sure to share them as the butter flavor get a little over powering and gross after 15 or so. Over all it is better the McDonald's and cheaper.
1	My husband and I just stooped in real quick to pick up some fish to go. 12-26-10 at 1:30 PM after some after Christmas shopping. The young lady did not add any condiments to our to go bag and when I asked she was rude to me. My husband now refuses to go back again.
4	Hands down, Long John Silvers has the best fried fish and I'm not joking. I've been going there since I was a kid, and I've never been disappointed, and that's coming from someone who doesn't really like fish. The fish is of great quality and the crispy batter is delicious. The cole slaw is also tasty. The one thing that could be improved upon are the fries, but the hushpuppies kind of make up for that.This particular location is very clean, and has a fun nautical diner-like interior. The manager of the place is super nice and always greets me and my family when we come in. I just wish the location was closer to home--they need to open some LJS restaurants in Scottsdale!
4	Fried LJS is always great, but not healthy of course.The baked fish entrees are yummy, and healthier.  But portions are barely enough. I wish they would put out coupon sheets in the mail or newspaper more often like they used to. Prices are a little high for the meals that come with drinks.  10% corporate discount is nice, even though some of the personnel have to be reminded that it is still valid.  The managers always approve it.  Usually the restaurant is very clean.  I wish they had the small ice cubes that look like rabbit droppings. They changed it some time ago and now it is boring plain ice.Overall, a good place.  Prices just a little high.
2	This might be the scariest long john silvers on the planet. Its right next to a sleezy check cashing place, so there are a ton of interesting people in the parking lot. The manager was super cool and hooked us up with a bunch of hats for our pirate party.
4	Martin Mull is trying to seduce Terri Garr and she ain't having it!  Oops, must turn off TV to write about delicious $.99 fish tacos at the great, wonderful, fantastic LJS!  If you don't like fish or are put off by the smell, have no fear, batter and oil are here.  And if you've had a hush puppie you know what heaven tastes like.  Well maybe not heaven, but 65,000 ft or so...  Good fries also.
1	I wasn't expecting a five star dining experience, but this place is disgusting. The food may even be worse than Jack in the Box and you're better off eating the food at the bottom of your freezer from years ago! My dad even told me that when he used to work there, there was a grease bubble that popped in the kitchen onto the wall and the peeled it off and put it into the fryer. Never going back. EVER.
1	I knew I shouldn't have stopped.  All my other visits over the years had been terrible but I was really craving fried shimp and couldn't imagine how they could screw it up.  Well...$8 later after eating 3 flavorless greasy shrimp and picking at the fish I threw it away because I knew I was going to throw up if I ate any more.  It was THAT bad.  Where is the corporate or owner quality control on this product and to make it worse the cashier was an idiot lost in his own world - What's a combo...dah it's a number 9 with chicken.  OK what's a number 9?
3	This LJS is decent. Service was okay, but a bit slower than I expected. The food came out fairly well.
3	Not a five star experience but please tell me what fast food place is.The food is always well made and hot. It takes some extra time especially if you are in drive thru and they really don't give you enough sauce. Regardless I will go here once a month or so, its a reasonable amount of food at a decent price to feed my little family.P.S. The batter crunchies are AWESOME
4	Long John Silvers is a great place for fried fish.  Do yourself a favor and sign up for their text messaging promotions.  Great deals for whenever you are in the mood for fried fish.
4	Always hot food. Staff is friendly.
1	Waited 30 minutes for my "fast food" when I did get it my hush puppies and fries were soggy.
5	Sometimes you just need some fish!!!!  When I have the craving for fish( in a timely manner) I go to Long John Silvers.  Not only is it good but you get allot of it.
3	Hubby found himself with a sudden craving for Lon John Silver's, and turns out this is the one closest to us. He thought there was one by the Harkins North 16 but it seems that has been gone  for a few years now...So we made the trip to this one.Service was good, food was OK. Place was clean.We got the 2 meals for $10, and we both selected the fish and chicken plate.The only things were that they were out of tartar sauce and we had to wait a while to have it refilled. Also, I asked for lemons or limes and I was utterly surprised when they got me some plastic packets... yes, I am that naive, I was expecting real life lemons, but that says more about me than about them.Bottom line, if we find ourselves again with a crave for greasy fish, this will be our destination... : )
4	If you are in the mood for their fish, shrimp or chicken, this is one of the best locations I have found. Very nice and friendly staff, they do an excellent job and take care of people here. Also have signed up for the text messages and that gets you freebies, which makes it even better!
5	When I was growing up long john silver was a weekday event we always looked forward to. Then unfortunately there were no more around. Fast forward years later and the combo KFC/LJS shows up In my area of Raleigh,NC. I was thrilled till I are there and found it not to be anything like I remember. Now in Phoenix I thought I would give it one more try.So happy to report this one does it right! It always clean and the staff is friendly with oldies playing which I know my husband enjoys that gives a warm feel to this place.On to the food- it's fresh perfectly cooked from my favorites of chicken, shrimp and fish to items such as baked cod. If you like seafood but didn't think you could find it in fast food this is the place. I consider it my weekly calorie splurge that doesn't break my bank account.
3	There aren't many of the original Long John Silver's left. Many of the newer ones are incorporated with Taco Bell and don't offer the full menu. This one does, which is one reason to come here over others.This location is clean, counter people are courteous. Food is delivered hot. The food is fried and super salty, but it delivers the same Long John Silver's flavor you remember from years ago. They also offer broiled healthier options at the ones that have a full menu. They have broiled fish or shrimp, rice, green beans, salads, and corn along with all the old favorites.
