4	I stopped in for my third visit to Carmel's Coffee & Bakery today and decided it was finally worhty of a great Yelp! MIchelle was on the bar this morning and made the most delcious iced dirty chai I've ever tasted. And to top it off Meghan offered me a brown butter scone that I could not deny... It was slighty sweet, a litle bit savory, and all around scrumptious. The first bite made me the happiest girl on the block. Their iced toddy needs to start lifting weights... It was yummy, but not to die for and simply too weak for my taste. Service was friendly and fast. The shop is almost too cute to handle (just like it's barstas!). And last, but certainly not least I will dream about their baked goods and crave those dirty chais.
5	Delicious baked goods and friendly atmosphere. A great addition to the Arcadia area dining scene.
5	I was tickled with excitement when I learned about the arrival of this new local caffeinated business to enter Aracadia, so of course I had to drive right down and see if it was worth the excitment. To sum up this review, yes it was, but let me explain a little bit more in depth. The little cottage surrounded by welcoming tables and chairs in its front yard practically smiled at me as I walked up. It was around 4:25 PM as I walked through the doors. As I entered, the barista looked up and said they were closing. Tear. She must have noticed my look of disappointment, because she asked me what I was planning on ordering. When I mentioned that I was planning on getting an iced coffee, she pleasantly said that she could assist and welcomed me inside. Phew! So with that, the customer service earned this shop a point right off the bat. The coffee shop is intimate and quaint. It has the memory of the former tenants yet they've rearranged the interior to give it their own coffee shop twist. To the right, I noticed several small booths perfect for an afternoon of working. I was impressed at how many tables they fit inside, considering the size of the cottage. I wouldn't suggest that you meet here with your study group of ten, but if it's just you or maybe one or two others, it's a nice little spot! Baked goods such as muffins, pie and scones lined the counter. I was tempted, but I knew dinner was just around the corner so I fought temptation. Next time though! I ordered the medium iced toddy. Normally I drink iced coffee with non-fat milk and a hint of sugar free syrup. This toddy would have worked without either, but I couldn't avoid adding at least a little non-fat milk to it. The coffee was good and had the caffeine kick I needed to get me through the day. I also like the fact that they use Cartel products. I like Carmel's because it has the Downtown Phoenix coffee shop vibe for the Arcadia crew. It isn't stuffy in there, it doesn't feel like your typical corporate coffee shops that surround Arcadia and Scottsdale and it has a nice independent feeling that fills this cottage with character. Once I walked inside, I would have never guessed a Jack-in-the-Box was just next door. I think this is a perfect location for this coffee shop and it'll be nice to stop in and grab a drink and baked item...and probably stay and work for a little bit too! Thanks for opening your doors Carmel's!
5	Super yummy!! I got a caramel latte (I asked for it to be just a little sweet and the barista did a fantastic job of just the perfect amount of caramel for my early morning sweet tooth!). My counterpart got a cappuccino. We were both very happy with our coffee. The place is cute and modern without feeling like your in a Mac commercial the way you do when you're at Lux (I prefer Lola's but now live closer to Arcadia and I know Carmel's will be my new hangout). We got a blueberry muffin that was delicious! There were real whole blueberries in it. The 2 other tables of patrons also raved about their pastries/breakfast items to the employees- which resulted in a visit from the baker. I love meeting the people who make my nourishments! Though I didn't talk to her much, she seemed very nice and was very sweet.
5	Me and my "bestest friend" went in for a cup of coffee, of course a muffin and a chat.  The latte was delicious. The strawberry muffin...YUM! I love it that the owner named the place after his mama.   I'm all about supporting the local businesses. We'll be passing on a good word, hope it does well!
5	I wanted to wander around "La Grande Orange", but of course the parking lot was full. I drove around and found this treasure instead. Outside it looks like a little cottage (with cat claw climbing up one side of it! tres magnifique!) with quaint french white and blue furniture for a coffee on the patio. There actually was a table of Frenchmen doing such on my second visit! Inside the tables have bright flowers in little vases. (see attached photo) Annnnnd there was a chalk elephant and monkey on the floor! Art house oils on the walls enhance the aesthetics. It just has this simple and wonderful charm. There were whole fresh strawberries embedded in my muffin. So goooood. It had those flaky crumbles on the top too. In front of the pastries are little placards. They have descriptives like "elegant" or "scrumptious". The owner smiled and said his girlfriend is in PR and she's responsible for that. I thought it was beyond endearing. The owner, in fact, is really amiable. He asked my friend and me if we'd like to see the patio. It's not ready yet for sitting... But! He plans to paint it "terracotta like", plant some bougainvillea, buy some hotel valley ho inspired umbrellas, plus misters for the summertime. I absolutely cannot wait. Oh! The Iced Toddy was pretty damn good. It had complex nutty and chocolate undertones. Right now the place is only open from 6AM-3PM. But I think it's going to blow up soon and have to extend its hours.
5	Owner is super nice. Great coffee. Amazing bakery items. Yummy. Perfect coffee stop on the way to the airport.
3	I'm still a fan. But I went back and the delicious brown butter scones were gone. As was the pastry chef. Why ruin a good thing?! I will go back as I hear they got a new chef that is making yummies in the oven.
5	While on vacation, I found this place thanks to yelpers. I had a caramel soy latte & a bacon w/ a scrabbled egg croissant sandwich. Yum, simple, just as I would make it. Fresh baked goods. Nice employees--- I think it was the owner that I was talking to, very nice & helpful.If I lived here I would be a regular.
4	Of all the establishments that have been in this space, Carmels is the BEST.   Great pastries.   I am not an egg fan, but I heard others oo-ing and ahh- ing over the rest of the menu.   My only complaint was the drip coffee.   It had a chemically after taste.  It wasn't bad...it simply should have been better.   The owner made me feel welcome immediately.  Not a requirement, but a huge plus.Definitely a place to add to the rotation.
5	Friendly staff Great croissant sandwiches and aforementioned blueberry muffin. I had a mocha which tasted like coffee not the crazy sugar taste you get at sbux or other chains
5	The owner is always very friendly. The space is designed very well and has a nice "California feel." I would definitely recommend coming here instead of La Grande Orange for coffee if you are in the area. The baristas are much better trained and they are always very helpful. Also, you can always get your drink very quickly at Carmel's, which makes this the go to place for business people. Definitely worth a try!!!
2	Disappointed..maybe it was an off day for them. Man behind the counter was rude, just not friendly. The scone was hard(I like them slightly soft). The coffee was ok. Wanted to like it but it didn't get better. Might give them another try, hope the service is better.
1	Guess I'm the only one who noticed $3 drip coffee (from a thermos)......a bit too pricey.
4	Just visited this morning and had a great experience. The staff was friendly, and the coffee was great. I had a raspberry muffin and iced toddy. Muffin was large and full of flavor. The owner was kind enough to give me a sample of the toddy (iced coffee brewed for 24 hrs i believe) My husband got the quiche which was light and fluffy and I'll order next time for sure. I loved the vintage plates they give you, and the atmosphere is inviting and airy.  It is kind of a cramped space when busy, but worth any wait and maneuvering.
5	I made a yelp account just so I could review Carmel's. Yes, that's how good my breakfast was this morning. I got the bacon and egg croissant sandwich. The croissant was perfectly flakey and buttery, the eggs over easy were full of flavor and the bacon was cooked exactly the way bacon should be, not overly or under. Carmel's uses  the high quality bacon if you're a bacon snob like me. The sandwich is surprisingly large and is enough to fill a hungry man.The picky eater I was with had the crepes and she was beyond satisfied, I stole a bite and it was delicious. I took two blueberry scones home for my roommates because they looked so fresh- They were gone in about 30 seconds of arriving home and said they were the best pastries they've had. I'm giving this place 5 stars because the food was above any expectations I could have hoped for and the interior was very comfortable and warm. (Love the bar setup if you're alone). The owner Pat was helpful and friendly. The person beside us ordered the traditional breakfast with sunny side up eggs and it looked great. Everyone seemed very content with their meals. WIll be back soon and highly recommend. I think this is a very good if not better alternative to the other great breakfast spots in the area, and that is saying something.
5	Carmel's is my new favorite coffee/breakfast spot. If I didn't work during the day, I would enjoy their lunch too! The baristas are friendly and always smiling (HUGE in my book, especially early in the morning), and you can taste the love that the bakers put in their food. :) The crepes and brown butter scones are my go to as of now, I still need to work my way thru the menu. I love that it lacks the annoying crowds that i dread facing at other restaurant/cafes, although I know it's just a matter of time before word gets out that this place is the real deal.
4	Very quaint place with personable staff. I tried the Iced Toddy (love that for a beverage name, I couldn't help but think of "Hot Toddy, Hot Toddy" from Will & Grace :) It was quite flavorful. I added Skim Milk and Agave Nectar to it. Yum!Had I not been on a very strict diet I'd have tried some of their delicious looking pastries...so in other words, I'll be back!
3	Great little coffee shop, staff is friendly, place is clean, and the Quiche was excellent.  Iced coffee was a little weaker than I like, but I like my coffee like mud. Carmel's is a little off the beaten path for me, so I would probably not go out of my way to get some java and baked goods from here, but would definitely stop by when in the area.
4	Adorable bungalow building: CheckQuirky, cute, mismatched thrift-store dishware: CheckDelicious, buttery, flaky croissant breakfast sandwich: CheckSuper friendly staff: CheckI went here for the first time yesterday and thought it was great. My friend and I both ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich, which was super delicious and filling. Even though I knew that I'd be full from the sandwich, I couldn't resist snagging a brown butter scone when I saw it was the last one. Definitely made the right decision on that one; I'm a sucker for brown butter anything and the scone didn't disappoint. My friend ordered the Iced Toddy which was really good-- spiced but mellow. I ordered a latte and didn't like it quite as much. The owner was super friendly and remembered my name for the 1.5+ hrs. my friend and I lingered in the shop. He even gave me a (delicious) orange-zest filled strawberry muffin on the way out! If I didn't live so far away, I would be here all the time. As it is, I'll definitely be back soon.
4	Think of it as LGO lite; a nice breakfast alternative that doesn't ask that you park 5 blocks away.  The limited menu is good, the ambiance comfortable, and the art worth buying.  One gripe is that the prices seem a tad high for a place that puts off such a bohemian vibe.
4	Had their morning sunrise plate. Cooked perfect. Caramel soy latte was great! Very friendly and welcoming staff. Down to earth atmosphere. I will be going back.
2	I had high hopes for this ultra cute bungalow coffee house and bakery.  Walking in I loved the eclectic style of art and feel to the place.  Even the dishes are a mix of grandma's high tea to casual plastic cups.  The breakfast and lunch menu are a small which I actually think is a plus in a small place like this. I figured with a small menu you would master these few dishes making your coffee shop even more appealing.  But to my dismay this is where the coffee shop lost it's charm.  The quiche was odd.  Weird to say that but it was and I LOVE QUICHE!  But the consistency was undesirable.  It was like flan and turned into mush in my mouth.  It also only had a few veggies on the top layer but not throughout.  I think (and this is only speculation) but it may have had some cream of mushroom or something as the base.  It was just not very good.  I ate about an 1/8 and threw it out.  I felt terrible about wasting the food and money.  My boyfriend had the croissant sandwich with bacon and eggs.  Again, it was a let down.  It was super boring and it could have easily been made in my own kitchen.  As for the coffee, since this is a coffee house, was also not what I would have expected.  The iced coffee was super watery.  It had a decent taste but it lacked boldness.  We also tried the lattes the day before and they were nothing to get uber excited about.  Really let down because reading the reviews and seeing the place for myself it seemed like a charming urban coffee shop.  It definitely has potential if they could master the dishes and more importantly the coffee.
3	The only thing I can write a review on is the breakfast croissant I ordered and the ambiance. First off, the decor is cool and I like the quaint little coffee house with surprising seating inside. The outside seating is a little less appealing being pretty much right on Camelback. Has a great feel to the place. The Breakfast Croissant was fairly plain. You would be much better off getting a La Grande Commuter Sandwich. The croissant seemed store bought and I only got like one strip of bacon on it. Probably don't need it so I guess not too bummed about that. Hopefully the food can be improved. I will give the coffee a try next time and update my experience at Carmel's.
4	I was introduced to Carmel's because of #CoffeeWeek (CoffeeWeek.org)...glad I was! Great service, delicious food, and loved the Iced Toddy.  I'll be back for sure....but most likely not until the heat of Summer passes.  The air conditioning either wasn't working or wasn't really functional, so the temp was a little uncomfortable.  But the staff, food, and coffee more than made up for it!
4	Small and inviting. Good Iced Toddy. Parking can be scarce. More spots out back.
5	LOVED this place! Location is prime (parking is a tad tight, but ok), ambiance is adorable and staff is friendly and attentive. I had the croissant sandwich and only managed to eat half. It was huge and so were the scones that my friend enjoyed (and only ate half). I'm not a huge coffee coniossier, but I had a non-fat iced vanilla latte and it was delish. If you're looking for a small and convenient place for a breakfast meeting  - look no further. This is it!
5	Seriously some of the best Iced coffee I've ever had (and I drink a lot of it!). They use a unique brewing technique for it and call it Iced Toddy. It takes the bitterness completely out of coffee. You will never go back to Starbucks after visiting this little hidden gem.
5	GREAT coffee spot.  Unpretentious, friendly atmosphere (the owner is awesome and unobtrusively friendly and extroverted).  The coffee is WONDERFUL and the pastries.......oh man.  My favorite is the browned butter scone.  Remember those blue tins of Danish cookies popular around Christmas?  That has been captured in this decadent and perfectly crunchy-on-the-outside, oh-so-soft on the inside work of baked art.  I will be a regular ; )
5	Great coffee, service-oriented staff who really seems to enjoy their customers and working there, and a very cool retro-but-not-over-the-top vibe, including a "recycled" back patio just opening up.  Baked goods made fresh on premises include to die for brown butter as well as blueberry scones.  And perfect, generous sized (and reasonably priced!) quiche if you need more substance.  Free wifi, good music mix and very entertaining owner (say hi to Pat when you come in - you'll know who he is) makes it a very frequent stop!
4	Carmel's has a cute house atmosphere with plenty of seating and a band of regulars that makes it a really fun, intimate place to go. The croissant sandwiches are delicious and not too pricey for what they are. This place used to be Chestnut Lane and they really did a great job making it their own with the redecoration. Also, I hear a liquor license is pending - does this mean mimosas are in our future? I hope so!
4	I love this place! It's got that funky coffee-house vibe that only a non-chain can accomplish. The location is absolutely great to meet clients and I can't wait to treat myself to a few more coffee breaks on the patio, now that weather allows. I recently had a vanilla latte and quiche, but I am going to refrain from reviewing the food for now, as I arrived at 10:30am and there wasn't really much left that was appealing and the quiche was pretty tasteless. I am anxious to try the muffins soon, and will wait until I have visited several times before reviewing whether/if Carmel's can carry off a food menu.
3	The locally-owned joints are the ones that steal my heart -- as long as it's good.  I tend to stay away from the big chains, opting for the local holes-in-the-wall and their unique ambiance and flavor.  Carmel's is good on the food as well as ambiance; the coffee, however, wasn't what I was hoping for. The breakfast croissant was delicious, but the coffee needed considerable help from Splenda. Some positives: The people behind the counter were very nice. There's a bar area for single people like me who don't want to take up a whole table. Nice flat screen TV, and free water pitcher with cups. Some negatives:  There appeared to be Wi-Fi, but it was locked and the password wasn't given or available. Parking is extremely tight -- I had to park way in the back.
5	I drive 20 minutes out my way at leats once a week just so I can have an iced toddy with almond milk from Carmels. Every single time I have had excellent service and the crepes were amazing. I wish there was one in Tempe
5	I have only stopped in this little gem a few times, but each time has been a great experience.  I usually order a hot orange rooibos tea and a brown butter scone.  The space is small and cute, they have a fair selection of breakfast and lunch items, coffee/espresso and tea, fresh squeezed orange juice, and the staff and owner are always very friendly and helpful.  Me gusta!
5	Very awesome coffee house and dwelling place. Great scones and granola....the music and vibe here is fantastic....the counter girls extremely attractive and friendly.....the owner cool and makes the place comfortable to hang.  Great find.
5	I drink this coffee and all the colors seemed brighter, like Dorothy opening a door to a technicolor world.It's really cute inside. The owner is also a gentleman. The back patio is really nice, and the pastries are doubleplusgood. Come!
5	This is my coffee place. Should be open later.
5	My new go-to spot in Arcadia. Pat (the owner) is almost always there to greet customers and make sure you have an excellent experience. The back patio is a great place to relax, go check it out before it gets too hot. Wifi, great espresso (the barista use to work at Stumptown in Oregon), nice staff, good food. Recommended to all, let's help this place succeed.
4	Locally-owned coffee shops are the best. Always looking for a new place to try, I heard of Carmel's from a graduate student of mine. Tired of going to LGO, I decided to give this a try today. I ordered a medium chai latte. It was delicious - and I only ever get them at Cartel's! The guy behind the counter added a hint of cinnamon (how did he know that's what I usually put in my coffee?). The extra ingredient did it justice. I went around noon today and the place was semi-packed. Great music (a little bit of Jack Johnson) and I had a great Tuna Salad. The owner (or so I think) was very friendly. I was studying and he came by to thank me for coming in, which was nice. Also, there's a small patio in the back for people who want to read and enjoy the nice weather before it hits 100 degrees. I didn't have my laptop, but on my iPhone I saw that the Wi-Fi was locked. I didn't ask for the password, but I'm sure they would provide it if needed. Parking was scarce. Hard to find, but manageable. Overall, I would definitely come again for the chai latte!!!
5	I love this place!  So many high points - the breakfast is great - fresh squeezed orange juice, delicious scones.  I love a good Americano and they definitely do a great job.  Parking is a bit sketchy, but if you pull around to the back there are more spots.  I love that the owner is always working and actually seems genuinely excited to see me (and everyone who comes in!)  I love it - I need to come here more often.  I do wish they were open a little later, sometimes I like a late afternoon pick me up and they're always closed around 3pm.
5	Stumbled upon this place after leaving LGO because I couldn't find a parking spot.Once inside, I picked the owner's brain a bit about what to order.  I ended up with a freshly baked blueberry scone and an Iced Toddy (some sort of altered iced coffee).  Both were great and reasonably priced ($6 total, I think).Carmel's has a nice, laid-back feel to it; small but open space with simple decor. The staff was very pleasant and welcomed me like I had been there 100 times before.I am definitely going back.
5	This is my favorite coffee shop. I go here EVERY Wednesday after stopping at the Town & Country farmer's market, and lately I've been convincing the parents to join me for brunch after church on Sundays. Guess you could say I'm a regular.I always order the same drink because it's just so good - iced almond milk mocha. Sometimes I'll get a little crazy and add some caramel. Watch out. Everything I've eaten there has been fantastic (and I've eaten a lot). If you've been to Paris and you are aching for a croissant, but those huge undercooked limp things in the Starbucks refrigerator case just aren't doing it for you - you have to have one at Carmel's. Perfection.Make sure to go out back and enjoy your latte or crepes. They made the best out of that little area. Pat, the owner, is awesome. I love chatting with him about old music. One day I came in and he was snacking on a fresh orange behind the counter - he randomly just stuck out the plate to me. I remember that just putting a huge smile on my face.Little things go a long way....and Carmel's is full of them.
3	This place has all the variables to be a hit. They have been open for about a year now and I have come here on and off for that amount of time. The best thing they have going for them is great coffee consistency. My toddy and americanos have been good every time. I would go as far to say they serve Lux coffee better then Lux does. However The pastries have been hit or miss. I think the key is to come in early when they are fresh out of the oven. Every time I have come in (once a month or so) I swear there is a whole new set of employees. This doesn't effect the coffee quality and customer service (surprisingly) as much as the food. I would think after a year the kinks of running a shop would be worked out and you would retain your team but not the case here.But this is why Carmel's get 3 stars, they raised the prices and the food is not good enough to warrant the price hike. Their original prices along with great customer service and coffee consistency is what kept me coming in. This has changed though. Granted, the coffee is still good and ultimately that's most important but I am not going to go out of my way to drop by.
5	Best iced toddy around...friendly staff as well. Food is excellent as well
5	The french toast was delicious! Toddy was especially good
4	Really cute place!  Great atmosphere- we see the owner almost every time we're there.  Menu is simple and good.  We get the breakfast sandwhich and ice lattes or ice mochas every time.  Most of the time the food is really great, only every once in a blue moon they must have a substitute cook who is not as good as the normal one.  Usually we have breakfast here on weekends!  Highly recommend!
5	I like this place for a good coffee.  They have good beans and cool atmosphere.  I think they are from Lux.  The owner is always there and you would never know unless you ask.  He is really nice and I like the home made crescents with eggs on them.  Will continue to go.  Not a lot on the menu as far as food but most is really good.
4	I love this place! Great coffee,  good food, friendly staff, laid back atmosphere, and lots of charm! I'm quickly becoming a regular, and so it happens to be that my favorite item on the menu is The Regular =). If you wanna read my whole review, check out my blog.
4	Really love this place.  Drive from Scottsdale every Sunday to have coffee and breakfast.The coffee is good and well made.  I really like the cold tody.The food, overall, is very good.  I love the breakfast croissant .  I was disappointed in the french toast and the crepe is not a crepe by any means.The service is very friendly and it's a fun place to hang out for a bit on a Sunday morning.
4	I just have to say, Carmel's has the most appealing, least obtrusively horrible art of pretty much any coffee shop in the valley. Go, you guys! (Thoughts of Portlandia, anyone?)Digressions aside, we ventured over to Carmel's to give their coffee and brunchisms a shot over the weekend, and were all pleased. The breakfast crepe with tomatoes, eggs, goat cheese, and spinach was definitely the stand-out, but the breakfast croissant and egg white omelet got ravaged, as well.However, when we ordered half-caff almond milk lattes, the girl at the counter went, "umm... okaay...." (motions to barista) "do you know what 'haaalf-calllf' is???" To which he replied, "Yes." They turned out to be the best in the area I'd say, *turns nose up at LGO* so that all worked out, but we laughed about it for the next 20 minutes. Half-calf? Like part baby cow milk, part grown-up cow milk? He-he-ha-ha-ho. No. But again, I digress.
4	very cool little spot that I had never really noticed after passing for years.  Very glad I finally went into this little gem.  I'm not holistic at all but some places just have good energy and this is one of them.  People were all very nice and the service was great.  Food was also good, the menu is limited, but everyone should be able to find a few things that spark their interest.  Also ordered a couple of drinks from the espresso bar that came out great.  Overall, I'm glad I tried this place and will be back again for sure.
4	We had brunch here for the first time last weekend and it is SUCH a cute little place. Very quaint and unpretentious both inside and out, with eclectic decor and classic music playing (we heard several Beatles tunes while dining)The staff are very nice - we were welcomed right away by a gentleman who seemed to be the owner or at least manager. He made sure to point out the breakfast items on the boards and made some recommendations when he noticed that it was our first time there. There is a counter right by the kitchen as well as a bar top within the dining room. Additionally, there are several 2-top tables set along a banquette on one wall. We did not sit out on the patio but it seemed cute - it is tucked behind the restaurant, the seating is not in front as is pictured in some of the Yelp pictures. We ordered the breakfast burrito, banana nutella crepes, and the simple breakfast (I can't remember what it was technically called - eggs, bacon, toast) The breakfast burrito was a good size and came with a little dish of salsa - I felt it definitely needed the salsa to complete the flavors of the dish (the burrito was a little bland but the ingredients were all good) The banana nutella crepes were yummy (it is hard to complain about nutella for breakfast) and the eggs/bacon/toast dish did it's job. The coffee was delicious. The only downer food-wise was the blueberry scone: it was a bit dry and not super flavorful.  Pricing is pretty high ($36+tip for 3 of us), especially for a place where you need to help yourself to silverware (set up on a station to the side of the entryway) and that doesn't provide some small niceties like butter (for the scone) automatically. Lastly, we brought our 1-year old son, as we are wont to do for weekend brunch, and after ordering we discovered to our dismay that they do not have highchairs at the restaurant. We had not brought a stroller, because it is usually so bulky that it inconveniences other patrons, so we did not have a great solution for corralling a very busy toddler. We managed though, creating a space for him in the corner of the banquette, but it definitely made for a less relaxing brunch than we would have liked, especially at that price point. Now, perhaps it is one of those places that proudly does NOT encourage children (in fact there is actually a sign on the back porch that says "unattended children will be given espresso and a kitten", which is good natured but still pointed :) ) Anyhow, it was a nice spot, very picturesque with yummy food and coffee, and we will likely go back - perhaps with out of town guests  and when we can leave our peanut with sitters so that we won't have to stress about seating for him.
4	Finally wandered in here after living across the street for 9 months, and I'm glad I did. If you're looking for a quick tasty breakfast in a dare i say "cute" setting. Carmel's is the place. Also their coffee drink selection is excellent. Give it a shot if you are up early in the Arcadia hood.
5	So cute and truly best cappuccino I have had in Phoenix.  I have recently been going different places to study and read, and Carmel's my favorite place to go. They have a super cute garden patio in the back.  For some reason when I am there, I feel like I am on vacation. Leisurely sipping my perfect cappuccino, nibbling on a breakfast pastry, reading outside on the garden patio. I want to go tomorrow ! I can't wait to try more of the breakfast food there, as it looks super tasty. Always jealous of everyone's food when it comes out of the kitchen.  Oh yes, and they have free wifi too and comfy stools at the counter seating.
5	Cute little restaurant that serves up an excellent chai latte. Service was cheerful and very friendly, and they offer almond milk as well as soy for milk alternatives.  I was even given a sample of the chai concentrate to try out before it was made for me.  The chai had a nice mix of spices and had a smooth, deep taste.  We brought our dogs and sat on the patio, but the corner we were at had a lot of ants running around so they sat on our laps for most of the time.  I'd definitely like to come here again to try more drinks and to try breakfast!
5	This place is too freaking cute!!!  The OJ is literally one of the best glasses I've ever had.  I had the typical eggs, bacon, and toast and it was amazing.  The bacon was crispy without being burnt, the toast had just the right level of buttery goodness and the eggs were folded such as a crepe and fluffy goodness.  I also tried a bite of the pulled pork burger which was amazing, and the touch of apple put it over the top.  Another plus was the garden patio area that feels homey like someones backyard.  I will definitely be back to this cozy establishment!
4	I really like this place. Friendly staff. Great location. Delicious mochas and super yummy treats. Very cozy inside. Will be back many times for sure! :)
5	It's patio weather and Carmel's has a fantastic patio!  Fact.They use Maya tea, from Tucson, in their chai.  Best tea out there. Fact.The owner is super friendly and on-site daily. Love that! I didn't eat today, but the food looked amazing and there were lots of people there eating it, so I'm guessing it's pretty great.  I'll definitely be adding this place to my coffee shop rotation. :)
5	Very quaint coffee spot, that also serves breakfast and lunch. Their coffee is consistently good and they have almond and soy options for lactards like me. I've had both their breakfast sandwich and tartine which they were able to make lactose free (sans butter) for me, both were made using fresh veggies and herbs. I now crave these dishes on a regular basis.
4	One of my favorite places to visit to start the day off right.  It's cute and charming, the coffee is smooth, and can't get enough of the baked goods and pastries.
2	Meh.  Had the breakfast burrito, which was nothing special (eggs, bacon and cheese in a tortilla).  The pico de gallo on the side was the only thing that saved it from being totally bland.  Cute place, blah food.
5	What a great place!  I met a coworker here for breakfast a few weeks ago and had a great experience.  The employees were all super friendly, gave great recommendations and took good care of us.  The atmosphere is quaint and comfortable.  The food was excellent - great tea selection and delicious breakfast crepe!  I'll be back for sure!
4	Great pastries.  Great fresh food.  Friendly folks. Cute atmosphere.  Love it Ordering can be weird when it's busy... And the self serve coffee fixings is not simple.  Ask for cream but sugar is out on table??? Annoying.
4	When it finally dawns on you Over Easy is over-rated and poorly served sludge head on over to this joint.  Cozy with a makeshift charm about it, they have terrific food and friendly service.  The food is not rushed to your table, which is nice.  It also means they are doing it properly rather than trying to turn and burn the tables like the aforementioned dive.  Teas and coffees are stellar.  Prices are quite fair and the music is good too.
5	Wonderful, friendly place. Food was healthy and delicious. Coffee was excellent. Visitor from KC
5	Carmel's is simply the Shiznit!  The chai tea is perfect (that is how I judge coffee joints being a non-coffee drinker) and the food is unassumingly well done.  My favorite part is definitely the staff though...they always have girls at the front with so much personality and feistiness (sp?)...I love it. 2nd favorite...the quaint neighborhood vibe of the little nest they have built.  Good for Carmel's!!!
4	Better than Starbucks. That's all I got, but its enough. Check it out if the yuppies don't scare you away.
4	Order at the counter type of joint.  Grab your own silverwear etc -The price is reflective therefore appropriate..Double espresso - not quite a double, but well pulled.Tartine:  (Open face toast w/goat cheese, two poached eggs, asparagus, roasted cherry tomatoes) - asparagus was perfectly cooked, cherry tomatoes nicely done but a separate component. poached eggs just right but too much loss of egg white. Something was missing.. maybe a little but of sea salt on the asparagus while cooking and/or a sprinkle of salt to finish the dish. Something was needed to pull the flavors together.The plating could have been better.. the dish itself was too big therefore the illusion of a stingy helping. (I'm not complaining about the portion).All in all a pleasant experience.
4	I came here twice for breakfast.  The first morning I had the Tartine and the following morning I had the Sweet Crepe which is basically the Tartine, but in crepe form.  Both meals were very good.  The portion size was not very large, but for around $7, I'm not complaining. Both mornings I had a cafe latte.  Their coffee is excellent.  It's very smooth. I would have to admit with another yelp review that it is better than Starbucks by far.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  They answered all of my questions and gave me recommendations from the menu.  When I am in town again, I will definitely come back.
5	Oh my sweet heaven. I have been here twice a week in the last month since this review. I have been addicted to the strawberry muffins back fresh daily.  The muffin is almost in a light biscuit batter, I can't describe it well because it's really hard to figure out, since its dense in texture , but the taste is like a really good biscuit .  I also had the crepe with goat cheese, Spinach, Tomato and an egg, its ridiculous how good this is. I want to try more , but I always have to battle my craving for the strawberry muffin.
4	Great iced coffee, delicious tuna fish sandwich and BLT sandwich! We loved it, but we were a bit put off by having to pay for a refill for iced tea so that part was a bit bad. However, the food was delicious.
5	Carmel's is straight out of a movie.  Cozy, charming, authentic, original, good food, great service, price is right. No two chairs match. No two pieces of silver wear are the same.  Proprietor is a great guy.Don't tell anyone...as it is the best kept secret in the valley.LOVE IT!
4	I don't know how else to describe Carmel's other than absolutely charming. Great little spot to chat over brunch and a latte- fair prices on great menu options and a cute homey space with an outside garden patio. Very pleased.
2	I live in the neighborhood and used to stop here often for a morning coffee.  The lattes are some of the best in town and the pastries are made fresh and delicious (especially the brown butter scone!).  Recently i stopped in and was very disappointed by the service.  The cashier was unfriendly, distracted, and neglected to give my coffee order to the barista.  I waited for several minutes before realizing this.  No one apologized for the error, and I had to wait several more minutes before my order was ready.  The coffee and pastries are delicious, but not worth the money when they clearly don't appreciate the business.  This place was a lot better when they first opened
1	Food was poorly made. Pouched eggs thrown on a thin layer of stale sour dough bread with a touch of goat cheese that was very hard to find under wet asparagus and over cooked cheery tomatoes.
4	What a cute spot. Absolutely love the feel of this place, I hope they never change a thing.Iced Latte was excellent. Can't wait to go back and try their breakfast items. I agree with a recent post by another person, this is definitely a 'best kept secret'. So lovely!
3	The food here is good, but very few selections to choose from. The service was bland and the price for the portion is a bit much. The croissant french toast was tasty but the bacon that came with it was overcooked and gross. The breakfast panini was delicious and I loved that it came with fruit.
2	The place is cute--and i understand the charm--but $7 for a medium sized hot tea and spongey scone is outrageous--can get much better for less in lots of other places--no plans to return
5	It was great!  Charming!  On our way back from seeing the Biltmore Hotel.  You can't find this kind of atmosphere.  We had breakfast and sat out back.  Just a friendly,laid back place that the locals love.
5	By far one of my favorite breakfast spots in the phoenix area. Pat, the owner is a sweetheart and is constantly making positive changes.  Miguel, the new chef was one of the guys who opened Le Grande Orange back in the day when it was a fun place to go and still had great food. He has made changes to the menu and made the food better than before!!  I love the egg white turkey omelet with his custom made pico sauce!!!  I highly recommend this quaint little coffee house with its original art and awesome baristas!!!  Five stars all the way!!!
3	This place is very cute...like ridiculously cute. I always thought it was going to be very small from passing by, but it actually is quite large and comfortable. They serve Lux coffee (woohoo!). The reason for only 3 stars is that the food just wasn't anything terribly special. Now, I may have ordered the wrong thing...I got the savory crepe, and it was fresh, but just not that flavorful and lacked any texture. The BF got the waffle with bacon, and he also thought it was just ok. I don't think I would go out of my way to come here again, but if I were in the neighborhood, I would definitely come back.
4	Amazing breakfast menu, can't wait to get back and try some of the yummy offerings! As for this virgin visit, I tried the house coffee and my friend ordered the cinnamon toast - both superb! Get to this community coffee house ASAP :)
4	I've driven by a zillion times always wanted to stop. The owner was very friendly luv's what he does. Engaged us both laughed and joked. We just came for a cappuccino & chia this time but the menus looked very inviting made me want to stay and eat..... Next time for sure. Outside seating street side and in the back. Small inside seating.
5	To quote what  another Yelper said, "Carmel's is straight out of a movie.  Cozy, charming, authentic, original, good food, great service, price is right." Couldn't have said this better myself.I have had breakfast and lunch here and both meals were great. For breakfast I ordered a breakfast sandwich and everything tasted very fresh and the bacon was good. For lunch I ordered a turkey sandwich and it was VERY good. This is coming from someone that doesn't like turkey, at all (I know, it's weird). The turkey on this sandwich was REAL sliced turkey and not deli style turkey.As far as drinks go, I have ordered the Toddy (which is very very good. One of my faves in the valley) and I have had an Iced Dirty Chai (they have almond milk!) which was also delicious.All of the staff have been very friendly and attentive. My only suggestion would be to expand the lunch menu.
4	Carmel's I love you! The OJ is fresh and yummy!! The service is spectacular..Atmosphere: adorable! It can get very crowded but boy oh boy is this place super cute!!Outside sitting is cute.The CHAI is fantastic.. Get the tartine., yes you'll have asparagus pee but it really a great treat. They only have one bathroom.. HA wait till you see the awesome recyclable cups. Reminds me of kids cups.
5	Cheery spot on camelback. Cold brewed coffee was perfect.  Service with a smile. Great place to do work/study or just meet up with a friend. Fresh baked goods and breakfast/lunch menu with variety. Main reason this gets 5 stars is the godfather painting on the wall by the espresso machine.
4	Rare air to be able to feel the welcome of the owner who is intent on giving us an old school homey yummy space to coffee up, meet, visit, and think! I will be a regular when ever I am in town.
4	We decided last minute to grab some breakfast here and it was a good decision. The place is small but fast. I had a great toddy and a hand and cheese sandwich (which is weird for breakfast but their ham was so good!).You go in and order and we agreed we would try everything on the menu, it all looked so good. Anyway you order, grab a number and get served. Nothing better than that. They have a cute back patio too.We can't wait to go back for more.
5	Love this place. We recently stopped by for breakfast and will definitely be returning. We got their poached eggs and they were delish. But everything looked good so I can't wait to try some of their other offerings.It's such a charming little place and they have a cute outdoor patio for when it gets a little warmer. Also love how friendly the staff is. We will be returning soon!
4	This place is good, especially if you don't want eggs and bacon for breakfast. I ended up with a BLT and Earl Grey first thing in the morning, and it was very good. Though the restaurant is small, the food is excellent. It has a very quaint feeling and I would definitely go back here again.
5	This place is super cool, a peculiarly unique venue. I've been to a lot of small coffee shops for business meetings (I can't stand Starbucks), but this place stands out the most in my mind. I met with a business client here, and he introduced me to the owner, who was very friendly and personable, taking up the front lines alongside his employees; not afraid to get his hands dirty.The atmosphere is awesome, the place looks completely awesome, and like I said, very unique.  I didn't grab a bite to eat, but I had the cappuccino, and it was definitely in the top 1% of all coffees I've ever tasted!  Take a friend here, Meet a client, or just stop in to say hi to the staff and have a cup of Joe.
4	Very friendly staff homy atmosphere. Food was ok but that was the best chai I've ever had, ill be back just for that!
3	Location great, food was average.
1	The one positive was the friendly cashier. I ordered the Sunrise breakfast.  The eggs and toast were saturated in grease and burnt.  The "side of fruit" consisted of 3 small chunks of unripe honeydew.  I ordered 1 pancake on the side which was the size of a silver dollar, burnt, and extremely thin and it cost me $3.50.  The small cup of coffee was also $3.50 and did not have free refills.  My total was $28.00.  I will never be a patron of this establishment again and my hope is this review will encourage the owners/staff to reevaluate their pricing and cooking methods.  No pancake should EVER cost that amount, especially when served in such a condition.
5	Been in Phoenix for 4 years after moving from LA. I've Ben searching for something's that is quite, small, comfortable spot and I found it. This spot is the exact opposite of the typical big box/large chain, low quality food that is rampant in Phoenix. This place is awesome. Food and coffee is amazing!! Service is great. Outdoor seating is so calming and relaxing. Great people fill this place and it's a must for everyone. Definitely coming back
4	I will be coming back and love their omelettes.
5	One of the best coffee shops in the Valley. Also, love their brown butter scones. Classic and favorite.If you are craving Mexican coke, available here as well.
5	I had the savory crepe and it was excellent.  The eggs were poached just as I requested and the outdoor seating made for a most pleasant meal.  Nothing fancy, simply good food cooked to perfection.
2	Disappointing, really.  They didn't get our order right and there were only four people in.  The plates and glasses were all chipped up.  The coffee was mediocre and the inside was full of flies.  Won't be returning, but had hopes for this place.
1	I love food. I love small family owned restaurants. I call them gems. I was super excited to try this restaurant. Upon walking to the front door it has a great CA beach vibe. Unfortunately our experience after this point was not good. There's very little room once you walk in. This area is for ordering and waiting for coffee. Although they have large coffee makers next to the register they only offered coffee from their Barista.  A barista he was not. I'll bullet point from here: * coffee was terrible. Barista was leveling the coffee off with his hand. They have a tool for that. * sat outside (A/C unit needs some work. Very loud) * staff is VERY rude!!! Barista was so overwhelmed he refused to answer any questions or address requests. Although asked numerous times he REFUSED to even answer. * the waitress although willing to bring us silverware refused, REFUSED to bring a packet of sugar as well. * my order came out wrong. I didn't want to complain. I started eating it. The waitress came out with my dish and acted like it was my fault she brought the wrong dish. * the bacon and the waffles were good. The breakfast burrito was tasteless. The eggs runny That area has so many great breakfast options. With so many things wrong here go somewhere else and enjoy.
1	Americano took 15 minutes to make. Unacceptable. Asked the brunette making it and she told me they would call my name in the rudest tone. Won't be back. Cashier wasn't friendly. No smile. Decor was cute and cool. Good coffee, terrible service.
3	The place is cute and charming but the food is very plain. The muffin my husband had was hard, the burrito was bland and the salsa that came with it had no flavor. I give 3 stars because the service was good and quick but the food just doesn't stack up. If you want really good breakfast don't go here but if you just want a coffee or freshly squeezed oj go for it, that was good.
1	This place looks good on the reviews but my experience proved otherwise. I ordered 2 scrambled eggs and a pancake. The Eggs were overlooked and pancake was burnt! We also ordered coffee but that was less than mediocre. I'm not sure why this place has 4 stars.
1	This place gets one star for the nice people that work there. Breakfast was plane as a white wall! My latte was the best thing!
3	Croissant breakfast is simple but yummy I've tried the burrito and chicken & waffles but had to return to the croissant. The vanilla latte was lovely as well, the portion sizes are correct so don't expect to leave full. Side note the don't take AMEX :(
5	Tried this place this morning and loved it! We ordered the honey crepes with the Nutella and bananas on the side (why not?!). They were delicious! And both my iced mocha and my husbands iced toddy were really good. And I am ways appreciative of places that are willing to make drinks decaf! They were very nice and helpful there and made plenty of great suggestions. We will be coming back!
3	Visited this place for the very first time the other day.  I really enjoyed the energy and spacing of this place.  It was nearly impossible for me to make a decision on a meal, but I ended up getting a croissant breakfast sandwich.  It wasn't anything special but I am sure I will be back to try out the crepes!  I can't comment on the coffee.  I am looking forward to going back and trying out some lunch entrees!
4	Awesome place! Love that it is near camelback mountain and open early. Great food, dog friendly, shaded patio. The only thing that could be better is if it was full service.
5	The best granola I've ever had in my life! Every time I go I buy it in bulk to take home with me to CO. The owner is just as wonderful, very warm and inviting!
5	I love this place! The crepes with honey, powdered sugar, bananas, and Nutella were amazing. I crave it all the time now. I didn't like the vanilla latte though. I'm not sure how you can mess up a vanilla latte. Anyway, the staff is super friendly and the service was quick.
5	I love this place! Nice atmosphere, great people, fantastic food, and won't break the bank!
5	Had a breakfast burrito and loved it. Substituted the bacon for ham. Good portion size for the price. Cool location and the staff was very friendly. I would recommend this to anyone and I will go back for more.
4	Great spot for the atmosphere, and absolutely fantastic coffee. Food is good for the majority but some misses. We go here every Thursday for work meetings. They have great coffee and pastries. I've tried both the breakfast burrito an the breakfast panini. B. Burrito- YUMB. Panini -- meh not so much.
5	Amazing little place! The decor and place itself are cute as can be! The food was fantastic and fairly priced! Highly recommend!
5	The owner here is super cool, the employees are friendly, and since you are coming for the coffee-you will leave with your tastebuds reverberating with flavorful essence. That's just another way of saying the coffee is amazing, and you need to come here instead of Starbucks. :)
5	Great spot for the atmosphere, and absolutely fantastic coffee. The Food is wonderful. Love It!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Yummy! I went here to have breakfast on Saturday after being terribly disappointed by Vincent's Bistro "farmer's market"(ha!) down the street. I'm so glad that Vincent's was such an underwhelming experience, otherwise I never would have stumbled across this place. I had the most delicious asparagus, poached egg, and roasted tomato tartine with goat cheese. Topped it off with an iced chai with ALMOND MILK!! Yay! I love places that offer an alternative to soy milk (gag) for people like me who need to minimize their dairy intake. Service was fast and friendly, food was awesome, and the atmosphere was comfortable. Thumbs up!!
5	So sad Carmel's is closing. It's been my neighborhood breakfast and hangout place for years.  A place where I made friends and had some great tea!
5	Adorable little coffee shop with wonderful food and drinks!  Come here to grab a coffee, tea or cocoa, and if you're lucky enough to be hungry, a tasty croissant or scone.  The breakfasts are wonderfully flavorful and the staff is warm and welcoming.  Plenty of seating crammed into this little place, both inside and out (although none of it is in the form of couches or arm chairs, just so you're prepared).  The decor is quaint and eclectic, complete with hilarious signs.I've been here several times and I'm looking forward to my next visit!
4	We were in the area and hungry. Yelped and found Caramel's. Breakfast was quick and delicious. Very homemade with great homebrewed coffee and hot chocolate.  The apple muffin was also very delicious. Seating was located inside and outside so we chose to sit outside. Weather was very nice; towards the end of our meal we came across some really bad smells from the surrounding area.  It is my understanding that this location will be moving soon. I would definitely come back for the food and to experience their new location. I would recommend for a good breakfast that is slightly high priced, but with large portions.
5	Unfortunately, this location is being bulldozed for a new LGO concept restaurant.  I thought they said they were moving, but I can't find them and their phone number no longer works.  Anyone know where it can be found now?
