4	Blis (located in Founder's Hall in uptown Charlotte) is a great place for a last minute card or gift.  I went in and made a birthday gift basket for my mom and she loved it!  The only word of caution is that it is a bit pricey (not unlike any other gift shop of its kind).  The ladies that work in the store are very nice and their giftwrapping skills are wonderful! You definitely won't go in and leave empty-handed!
4	I agree with the girls - great place for a last minute gift! Also a great place to wander around if you've got some time to spare. It's a very cute shop with all sorts of items to look at, such as signs that say "I Kiss Better Than I Cook", cocktail napkins with funny sayings (see pic) and all sorts of candles, lotions and tabletop items. It would be very hard to leave here empty handed! And the staff is very friendly and accomodating. Be sure to check out their jewelry; although a small selection, what they've got is great and reasonably priced. I saw a great pair of earrings for $20. Happy shopping!
4	Blis is  a great little store in Founder's Hall with an eclectic selection of items for last minute gifts or for hard-to-shop-for folks. Ware ranges from candles to jewelry to funny napkins/cards to baby items.  You can honestly find something for anyone in here (including North Carolina specific foods and dip mixes in the back corner).For those who've been, it's a bit like Paper Skyscraper but on a smaller scale and with less edgy items. Another plus is that they gift wrap for free, which helps those who tend to shop five minutes before the event is supposed to start. Two small things to note - the items can be a bit pricey, and the parking can be difficult if you're not already uptown for work. But when factoring in the convenient location and the fact that they wrap gifts for you, the few extra dollars is totally worth it.
4	What a great spot to have in Uptown Charlotte when you're in need of a great gift, or treat, from cards, candles to toys, jewelry and a lot more. They recently relocated to expand the store and they now offer even more specialty items. I was in hunt for a farewell gift for a friend/co-worker and loved the selection.Prices are a little higher than normal, but not outrageous. Cute spot!
2	Although I still find Blis is a great spot for unique gifts, I have recently been truly disappointed with the service. After two recent visits, where it appeared I was disturbing the woman at the counter, who was talking to her friend on the phone, when I had a question about an item. After deciding on a purchase, she was very rude and again felt bothered I was disturbing her. I returned today, for a last minute gift, and again received the same attitude, as well as witnessed the same woman providing another customer with the same attitude. Are they not there to assist customers, and make sales?? Sure hasn't felt like it during my last two visits.
