5	A few weeks ago I started a topic about Laser Eye Surgery in the Valley because I had no clue where to start. I got a lot of feedback (Thanks Yelpers!), it was all fantastic, but I chose Bob B.'s recommendation of Jay Schwartz in the end because of credibility. Seeing that he is the team ophthalmologist for the Suns, Diamondbacks and Coyotes - I was immediately sold. I called for an appointment and was immediately scheduled and even mailed a packet of information with pricing and forms to fill out prior to my visit. I was already being educated before walking in the door.The consultation for Lasik eligibility was free. And we're not talking a quick in-n-out sales technique. I spent almost 2 hours being informed even further about the procedure and then going through a series of vision tests with not one...not two...but 3 experts (2 Doctors) - the final tests being performed by Dr. Jay Schwartz himself.I had many questions and each of them were answered clearly, in depth and with genuine care. I was never left alone for longer than a few minutes at which time I was comforted by the signed Marion jersey on the wall. I don't even watch sports, but the entire office has jerseys from our lovely Phoenix sports teams and I'll admit it was pretty reassuring. I never felt pressured at any time during my visit either. In fact, it was quite the opposite and I had to ask to make an appointment to schedule the procedure. So next week, I will be going in for the surgery and I'll be able to see. It's obvious Dr. Schwartz is an expert and I couldn't feel more confident about my decision. I will post a follow up review in a few weeks to share my experience!
5	I promised an update - so here it is!!!!I have four numbers and a symbol to sum up my final thoughts: 20/15My only unanswered question is, why did it take so long for me to start researching and finally decide to do this?????The day of my "surgery" ( the word "surgery" is SOOOOO OVERRATED) I was a complete disaster. I tried to stay as calm as possible but I was nervous beyond all belief. Nonetheless, I went in as scheduled, ran through a final round of short tests and then off I was - lined up in the small room with everyone else in line for laser treatment.I will admit, it was a little odd sitting next to others in preparation for the "laser". And in my brief moment of nervous insanity I thought I was in a mental institution as I watched others next to me be handed their Valium. I just couldn't wait to get mine!But true to form, when I get nervous or feel awkward I confront it straight on so I lightened the whole room up with some casual conversation. I doubt I'll ever recognize the fine folks ever again, seeing as my eyes had numbing drops and we all had hair nets on with stickers on our heads.You can hear the laser in the room next to you as you watch others come in and out. It's actually a little freaky but also a bit calming since you can ask them how it was, etc. So finally, it was my turn. I literally walked in, took a deep breathe to relax, laid down under the contraption - was coached and talked to the entire time (awesome support docs!) - felt some pressure on my eye - stared at a blurry light. Repeat. 5 minutes later - I WAS DONE?!?!?!  Wait.That's it?!?!Yes. That simple.It was actually quite humorous - seeing as I've had more uncomfortable experiences at the dentist office. No wonder it's not that big of a deal for them to line you up in a room with others. It's literally NOT THAT BIG OF A DEAL. Doctor Schwartz checks out your eyes under the microscope at the end, and you're on your way!!Your eyes are a little blurry and shocked but I could tell my vision was better immediately. My driver took me home, I slept the rest of the day and night, and my follow up appointment the next day was 20/15.Although there was very little interaction with Dr. Schwartz the day of (he's in the OR the whole time) - his staff is absolutely INCREDIBLE. I could not be more satisfied with the final results and experience as a whole. I would HIGHLY recommend this business fellow Yelpers - but more importantly so glad I did this for myself!
5	I had a great experience at Schwartz Laser recently. After years of contacts and being anxious of this procedure, after a quick 3 minutes I now have 20/15 vision. Dr. Schwartz is great at answering all of my questions before the surgery and on the day of surgery. I have had five scheduled follow up appointments with Dr. Bloomenstien who is also very nice. The office staff are very friendly and appointments are easy to schedule. Of note, on surgery day my partner had to wait in the car because the small waiting room was standing room only.
5	20/15 with no Halos or Complications whatsoever!Schwartz Laser Eye Center is the Best of the Best! I researched this very thoroughly before I had it done. I went to another very reputable Dr./Laser/LASIC specialist, and I chose Dr. Schwartz.The interaction that I had with Dr. Schwartz was something that never happened at the other place. Dr. Schwartz was there to personally answer any questions that I may have had before my surgery date. This is what sold me on Schwartz Laser Eye Center!The surgery went pretty well. It was hard to stare at this blurry flashing red dot, while my eye is being pushed into my skull (not that bad) but some pressure for sure. Post Op I did have some serious trouble falling asleep. I recommend taking the Tylenol PM right when you get to your car, and take a lot! I took some when I got home, waited, waited, and waited, and it was very uncomfortable. I then took some of Tiger Woods favorite meds Ambien and that did the trick. Slept all day and most of the night. Woke up the next morning early and it felt like I had a scratch, or piece of sand in my right eye. Duh, obviously I just had major surgery.My follow up surgery was 20/15 the very next day! I am going to go for my one month follow up tomorrow. I will let you know how it goes.I would have to agree with the other reviews...why did I wait so long, and 20/15 Vision is Awesome!
5	20/15 after my 1 month check up! Everything looks great! Just used my $150 Off Coupon for some new Maui Jims!
5	Getting eye mods at Schwartz Eye Center is hands down my favorite purchase over the course of my life. The experience was positive the entire way and I believe I chose very well in providers. Now that, I've had my corrected vision for almost 4 years, I can give a good assessment.I went to Schwartz Eye Center in 2007 to investigate Lasik. With pretty severe nearshightedness, I fell just within the range of enough cornea to get Lasik. However, one of the assistants early in my visit gave me a heads up about phakic IOLs (Intra-ocular lenses), which are kind've like a contact lens inside the eye. I didn't know a lot about the tech behind it, so I asked Dr. Schwartz a lot of questions about those versus Lasik during my screening. I have to say Dr. Schwartz could also be my favorite doctor I've worked with (though my surgical experience is limited to this and some wisdom teeth removal). He's candid, but takes things seriously. He made time for my questions and gave very honest opinions. It was definitley a medical consultation and not a sales pitch. Throughout the process and up to the surgery, he was easy to trust. He's just a really good guy and that comes through up front.As for the intra-ocular lenses, they were about twice the price of Lasik. So, I needed to do some good research before making any decisions. In the end I was sold and everything I found matched well to what Dr. Schwartz was telling me. The lenses are a pretty amazing option. They are placed in the eye and don't create any permanent changes to the eye like Lasik does. So, while they can sit in my eyes for the rest of my life without problem, they can also be removed and updated with better technology in the future. I'm a sucker for transhumanism, so I like to leave the options for the future open. Other practical points were that the smaller incision for surgery meant faster recovery, the halo effect was much less than Lasik for my very strong prescription and the material the lenses are made out of provide some minor UV protection (a nice bonus for a blue-eyed person in Phoenix at the time).The lenses were great from the start and I've had 20/15 vision since, regularly forgetting that I ever wore contacts. It's just weird how far I can see now. Though, just being able to read an alarm clock in the morning is a more practical bonus. I'm really glad I found a provider who was updated on the newest technologies and ready to install them for me.I also have to say that I really liked the staff as well. I got some fun moments in the office when other doctors would drop by the room and say, "Oh, you're the guy getting the lenses. Very cool." I don't think too many people as young as me opted for them, even though they're one of the coolest long term investments for a person in their 20s with poor vision. The admin staff was also really friendly and helpful. Billing was painless, which is a definite exception in medical care. Everyone was just so nice the whole way through.
5	I had intra-LASIK here three days ago, and am completely happy with the results. I researched a few LASIK providers in the Phoenix area (to which I am a recent transplant), and based on a combination of reputation, referral, and price, chose Schwartz for a free consultation. As an attorney, the quality of my eyesight is absolutely essential to my livelihood and wellbeing -- if I can't see, if I can't read, I can't do my job, so finding a reputable surgeon was the most important thing to me; I was willing to pay more to have it done right.The consultation was (as far as I can tell) comprehensive; a range of tests (which included dilation), after which Dr. Schwartz recommended a particular treatment. At no point did anyone try to sell me anything or pressure me into agreeing to anything. Dr. Schwartz indicated to me that in his judgment, based on my test results, I was not a good candidate for regular LASIK, but was one for the newer (and more expensive) intra-LASIK procedure.A few days after my consult, after determining that I could afford it, I elected to have the procedure done there. In advance of it I got three sets of prescription eyedrops, which ran me about $400 -- definitely expensive, but in the context of having my eyes fixed, and properly, isn't prohibitive in my opinion.My appointment was for 2:00. I filled out some paperwork (the informed consent forms, etc), and was taken to a back room near the operating room, where I was given a series of eye drops and verbally given some instructions for what to do after the procedure (when to take drops, go home and sleep, etc). At this point they called my driver, saying I would be finished in about 15 minutes. Then they called me into the operating room, where you are laid down on the table. Dr. Schwartz and his assistants verbally confirm your identity and the procedure they will be performing on you. My entire procedure took, by my estimation, about 4 minutes. It was a little jarring, and it wasn't easy to concentrate on the blinking light given that my corneal flap was pulled back, but, everything went completely fine.After it was over they walked me out of the room; my vision was slightly blurry, like I was underwater, and there was a strong foreign-object sensation in both eyes. I took two Tylenol PMs I had brought with me, and was walked out to my driver. Went home, slept, and woke up with 20/15 vision. The first follow-up visit was the next morning, where they had me read the lines on the chart like any normal eye appointment. After two decades of blurred, miserable vision, I really haven't got words to describe how wonderful this is, being able to see better than perfectly. I am taking the prescribed medication, and having no discernible side-effects or complications. My last follow-up is on Friday.I'm supremely pleased with the entire experience there, and would definitely recommend this place to anyone considering LASIK.
3	I got my lasik done here in 2007. The results were great but as time has passed my vision has faded no longer 20/15 as it was right after the lasik. Schwartz is professional and the staff was pretty good. The only negative is the price I paid $5000.00. He is probably the best in town but if I could go back I'd have done more shopping to try to find a better deal. His work is great but the price makes it 1 or 2 stars. So the work 4 stars price is 1.5 stars.
5	Awesome place! Doctor is very caring and will give you the time of day. He's willing to give you the time of day and ensure that you are well cared for. His staff are exceptional as well! He was actually priced right in the ballpark of the top lasik doctors (if not a little bit cheaper) in Phoenix.
4	Well it's officially 1-year since I had my surgery and I'm headed to my checkup. I was very impressed with Dr. Schwartz and his office staff. I found myself without insurance and it was costing me about $700 a year in new glasses and examinations. My nearsightedness was pretty bad. Although I was use to wearing glasses/contacts my whole life, it still really sucks, and is a pain when camping, swimming, etc. My last eye exam (for glasses) the doctor told me I would be in bifocals soon. I'm way to young for bifocals! So I figured if I invested that $700 towards a more permanent fix, I could avoid the bifocals, glasses, and contacts all together. I asked around and Dr. Schwartz came highly recommended by my boss, physicians, nurses, and medical staff she worked with. I went for the initial consultation and my cost came back at $4000 ($2000 per eye). I talked with them in length of the cost, which I felt was high. They weren't offended and just helped me understand my individual needs and she even looked for coupons. The coupon they had could only be used towards cash paying customers. I was going to take advantage of the 0% interest care credit. So, armed with this info I did schedule the surgery, but fully knowing I would cancel if I found a better deal or felt uncomfortable with anything. As I was in the waiting room, I saw another coworker from another department come in for her checkup. Apparently this is the guy to see if you want/need your eyes done! I soon discovered that my boss also paid $4k and it wasn't way off base. Another coworker chimed in saying "that's way too much, I only paid $2K for both my eyes". I just felt so comfortable with Dr. Schwartz and knowing our own medical staff recommend him I kept my appointment. I wasn't nervous, but they do provide medicine to help you relax. They also put a series of drops in your eyes and take there time preparing you for surgery, ensuring your 100% ready. You go in and literally 10 minutes later the world has a new look...clear! All you see while in there is a series of lights. It was like I was in an alien spaceship. Then it's over quickly.I'm so happy with the decision to go and loved donating all my glasses! I gave 4 stars as I wish they had more promotions/coupons to save money. I know this is an elective surgery, but for those of us who have to use heavy glasses that burrow themselves into the bridge of your nose, this feels more of a necessity. My vision is 20/15 now. My eyes are a bit sensitive, but I just use drops each day.After my surgery, getting back to work, the $2k coworker divulged the truth. She said her discount eye doc. didn't numb one of her eyes completely and she felt the whole surgery! Now her 1 eye get's bloodshot. She said it was the worst pain she ever felt! Wow, I couldn't believe that was her argument for going to a cheaper doctor...and she didn't disclose that to me until afterwards!I'm not sad at paying the price I did, especially knowing how well I was taken care of. It is a surgery and you shouldn't go bargain hunting when it comes to your body. Clothing yes, your health no. He is a good doctor, well trained, been doing this forever, takes care of all our sports teams here in AZ, and I do recommend. Just be expected to pay a little more for quality and think of all the money saved in a lifetime of not buying frames-n-lenses anymore. :-)
5	I got Lasik here in 2010 - still see great today. Lasik was one of the best decisions of my entire life. Being able to wake up, and see, without having to find my glasses or put in contacts is a miracle, which I have grown to take for granted. No more irritated eyes on airplanesdryed out contactslost framesbent framesDr. Schwartz was great., he was direct with his recommendation. I'm no expert so I just took his advice. I also foudn the whole staff to be very friendly. Had my consultation, I  believe I had a re-check before the actually operation. Then I got the operation, and then came in for 1 more recheck. 'All in all - this what an investment that was well worth it. Highlight recommend. Dr. Schwartz is not the cheapest game in town, but I am not going to gamble with my vision. I'll save the quick cheap jobs for my oil change, but when it comes to my vision, go to the best!
1	I heard LASIK wasn't an option if you're eyes were dry, therefore I went in for a consult and dr. Schwartz told me I was a perfect candidate so I set it up.  Insurance wasn't an option so I forked out $4000.  Procedure was slightly painful and on one of my eyes it seemed like I smelled a burning smell and that eye took longer to heal.  Vision was good for roughly a year, then my vision starting reverting.  After the procedure I was able to drive and watch tv without glasses, but know it was hard.  When I requested an enhancement I was told that now my eyes were too dry.  He gave me a bunch of drops and sent me home.  3 months later...eyes still too dry so he suggested plugs, which he was going to charge a ton for, so I had them done at nationwide for $400. I was upset.  Three months later, eyes still too dry for enhancement so he suggested restasis.  Gave me a few samples and a prescription that cost over $100 to fill.  For the next 21/2 years I was there every 3 months only to be told my eyes were too dry...no enhancement.  Why did he approve me in the beginning?  About 2 years after procedure he put me back in glasses which he was going to charge me full price for until I asked for a discount which I thought was fair.  I've been wearing them ever since.  He offers a guarantee that he will give enhancements if necessary, but apparently I was never eligible.  I actually called today to see if I could get my eyes checked to see where I stood with my vision and was informed that would be $100 for the visit.This was a waste of money that I regret spending.  He doesn't want to do anything about it, he just wants my money so now I'm out over $4000.  I'm a single mom so this is a lot of money too me.  I'm actually headed to walmart vision center for a $49 exam to update glasses that I shouldn't even need...what a complete letdown
1	Unfortunately I am unable to comment as far as actual LASIK because Schwartz Laser Eye Center canceled my appointment one week before I scheduled to fly in for the eye evaluation and surgery.  If you are thinking about flying in from out of town to visit Schwartz, I do not recommend it.I live in Los Angeles, and decided to have LASIK in Phoenix because I have family out there who could drive me to and from both appointments.  I booked a flight, took time off of work, and had a family remember request both days off of work so they could drive me to the appointments.  I received a call yesterday that they needed to reschedule because Dr. Schwartz was going out of town.  I reminded them that I am specifically flying in for this appointment (and she even confirmed this information was in my file... meaning, they knew about this prior to calling me), but the receptionist just said "I know, we are really frustrated too."  Right, but the receptionist didn't just waste a couple hundred dollars on a flight and ask family members to take time off work.  To top it off, I received both a text message and an email this morning confirming my appointment for next week.  Call me crazy, but if you are going to cancel appointments last minute, you probably don't want to send out confirmations directly afterward.  I'm shocked at the level of customer service I received from a doctor that is in the business of performing elective surgery (that can cost upwards of $5,000!).  It seems as though other people have had great experiences with Schwartz... I just wish I could've been one of them.
1	Horrible staff. Waiting room is a cattle call. Payed $4000+ for "custom" LASIK and it stopped working after two months. Now I am in glasses again, suffer from dry eye which I never had before, go to a cornea expert and have to wear plugs. I would never recommend anyone to go here.
5	I recently had the procedure after 30+ yrs.of wearing glasses, it has been a life changing experience..I just wish I would have done it sooner, the whole staff was friendly and helpful. I think I have a crush on Tamara (please don't tell her). If you are considering this procedure you should definitely use Dr. Schwartz and his team.
