5	Friendly, personable, professional. Everything a first time mum going for her first ultrasound could want. I can't recommend this place enough. It's priced well, it's a lovely environment and the owner is a caring, friendly woman. My experience here was wonderful.
2	The facilities were VERY VERY NICE. Extremely well kept, smelled great, area for children and it came with free stuff! Lots of free formula stuff. Which is cool. She wasn't a terrible person. But to say she is the nicest woman I've ever met would be an understatement. We wanted it to be a surprise for us and she kind of made it seem like an outlandish request because a previous customer complained to her. I felt a little weird because having a gender surprise these days seems to be like it would be pretty normal IMO. Prices were good, although the "potty shot" was extremely unclear. With that said, I do believe in her determination. She is experienced and surely saw the parts she said. However, the picture was not a classic shot and is very very unclear.
1	I did not have a good experience here at all! The receptionist, Sharon never called me back when I left a VM, I had to call again. Then she lost my phone # and email. I wanted to change my appt from 2d to 3d and she never did it. When they called to confirm they said it was only 2d.  When we got there the sonographer and receptionist didn't say a word to us for several minutes. I was also told to come 15 mins early for the 3d. Well we ended up sitting in the waiting room those extra 15 mins. The sonographer was very cold to us. She didn't introduce herself or ask what my husband or daughters names were. She didn't seem enthused at all. It's supposed to be an exciting time, right? Finding out the sex of your baby is supposed to be one of the most thrilling moments in your life. Not here. The whole reason we went with 3d is because it's says online is guaranteed! 2d doesn't say you will guarantee leave knowing the sex, but 3d does. So we debated and decided to pay the extra $25 and do it. What a waste!!!!! She was having a hard time finding the gender on the 2d, so I asked for her to use the 3d so we could know for sure. She said it's better on 2d! What?! Why did we even bother then?! I don't even think she knows what her website says. She also told me some thing about the baby being a certain way on the placenta and how I wouldn't feel movement yet. I feel movement everyday. I asked my doc and she rolled her eyes, saying she has no idea what's she talking about.We are so excited to know the sex! But other than that, I honestly would never go there again or recommend it to my friends or family. Just wait for the 20 week appoint so you have someone who really cares about you and wants you to be comfortable. Also, someone who knows what they are talking about.
