4	Great customer service and prices. The staff were courteous and willing to spend time to speak to me as a person versus just hurrying me along. Very happy with the service and product.
4	This Big O Tire is fantastic, and the people there are professional and nice.Here's the story of why I ended up there, I recently had a leaking tire on a Saturday evening on the other side of the city, I ended up at a location that did not treat me very well (NOT this Big O tires).  I think (cannot prove) that they "added" a brand new screw along the rim of the tire to make me have to purchase a tire, instead of just fixing the nail that was in the center of the tread for $20. Interesting how both were in the tire at the same location, not much imagination by shifty people I guess. They conveniently had only one left of their brand of tire I would require, and it was quite expensive; much more than a quick search on my phone for a matching replacement showed. Feeling that they were just ripping me off, I limped home on the donut spare at 50 mph, pissed off, you know how it goes.So I ended up searching for another place and was specifically looking for a place that was open on Sunday. Big O Tires is local and had a few good reviews. Now they have one more.After describing my situation, Paul at the front counter explained several tire options, what they had in stock and what they could order, there was no pressure to buy a specific brand and they gave me a good price and said about an hour. Well, they were very busy, people constantly coming in, so it took a little longer, but that is not a problem when you understand the situation and how professional they were about it. Gary and Roberto took care of my car, remounted the new tire and put the spare away as fast as they could. Gary even double checked the TPMS  to ensure the low pressure indicator was working.  Thanks guys.Looks like I now have a place to go when I need to replace my tires when they are worn. That is how you build a business.
5	When my truck was having a hard time turning over (starting), my mom became concerned that I'd be stranded somewhere.  35+ weeks pregnant and the summer heat = not a good combination.  So when I was out visiting her on her side of town this past Saturday, she suggested we stop by Big O and have them test my battery, starter, and alternator.  I pulled up and she went inside and asked the guy at the counter if they could run the few tests.  They guy said it would be about 20 minutes and asked what was happening.  My mom then said, "Well its my daughter's vehicle...she's outside and she'll be able to tell you better than I can."  They walk out to the truck and the guy asks me what was going on.  I explained to him how it was not turning over like it should.  He told me to pull up to a bay door and someone would be out to have a look at it in a minute.  I guess him seeing I was extremely pregnant, he didnt want me waiting.  I pulled up to the bay door and a service guy walked out to the truck less than a minute later.With 5 minutes, everything tested out fine.  The tech said that something was possibly draining power away from my battery (robbing it from the starter).  He made his suggestions to which I took them. I go inside and ask what I owed for the diagnostics.  They told me, "Just a smile and for you to have a nice afternoon."After doing what the tech suggested, making sure the A/C is in the off position (as opposed to leaving it in the auto position), I haven't had any issues with starting my vehicle up.  It starts up lickity split. I tell you what, if I lived on that side on town, I'd make that Big O location my regular stop for any type of service needs.    :)
3	First stopped in to have a battery replaced under warranty.  They were quick, polite, and got us out in time to get to work without being late.However, when my wife went back alone to get an oil change she was told she needed a serpentine belt replaced as hers was "showing a lot of cracking and going to fail."  They provided her an estimate for over $150; $23 for the belt, $60 to install the belt, and an additional fuel system clean for &79.99.  Problem 1: her vehicle does not have a serpentine belt, it has 3 desperate belts to run the AC, Alternator, & Power Steering pump.  Problem 2: none of the belts are showing any cracking.Seems to me that the person she dealt with either got her vehicle confused with another one or was just trying to sell her some work that wasn't needed hoping that she'd agree because she didn't know better.3 stars because the first interaction with the battery was very good (4 or 5 stars) but the second for the oil change was very bad (1 star)
5	This place is awesome.  If you go in talk to jerry. Had problems with my car and when everyone else was gonna charge me an arm and a leg he took care of it for CHEAP and it was done well!!
1	I waited 3 hours and 15 mins just for a realignment. I was there seating..waiting for 2 hrs and then i saw my car still in the parking area. Then i ask them if my car is done already..and after 10-15mins they took my car..after 30 mins i went to check on my car but it wasnt there where they fix the cars so i asked where is my car and then they said it should be ready in 30 mins. But i waited for more minutes. Shame. Poor customer service. I guess their priority that time was the uber people who was there to let their 'future drivers'  have their car be approved before driving for uber. I don't know smh.
