3	This well-known chain opened up a new location here and being close to my work, I decided to give it a go.I ended up trying out the 2 piece chicken with fries and salad. Everything was made to order and the wait wasn't too long, maybe 5-7 minutes at most. The chicken was moist and had enough seasoning to satisfy. As well, I ordered the hot version so it was quite spicy if you are into that sort of thing. The fries were mediocre but not terrible and the salad was nothing to write home about.All in all, it's good if you need some grilled chicken and don't mind going to a very casual restaurant.
4	Great lunch at Da Silva's today.....We had the Portuguese codfish cakes (pasteis de bacalhau) to start.  They were authentic and delicious.  I think the Frenchie influence came in with the drizzle of mayo.  It was yum! Curt had the Bifana (pork streak sandwich) with piri piri sauce and mustard.  It looked and smelled amazingly good.  Apparently it was because it was gone in a hot minute. I had the grilled chicken Cesar salad.  I was expecting it to be a hum drum typical salad, but it surprised me.  It had capers, bits of bacon and a wedge of lemon for garnish and flavor.  I was surprised at how flavorful it was with those simple additions.  Pros: Portuguese restaurant located in Le Village.  Clean establishment.French flavor and flare obviously because it is located in a lovely Quebecois city. Service was friendly and very good.Moderate to high price. A good amount of choices to pick from its menu.
4	We went here on a Friday night and sat out on the patio where we had a great view of the passing walking street traffic.  The service was great, and the food was good.  Price was reasonable as well.  We shared a grilled shrimp appetizer, which was perfect - not over cooked, with a spicy dipping sauce; yum.  My wife had the Portuguese salad with pan fried salmon, and she enjoyed it.  I had the Cod which was served with a creamy white sauce.  Both came with braised veggies consisting of carrots and green beans.  Very nice.  They also had Portuguese wine by the glass which was fine.  All in all a fun evening.  I would recommend this place near the metro station in the Latin Quarter.
4	The menu here is pretty sophisticated for such a casual place (which I love - great food that you don't need to dress up to eat). The people-watching is beyond compare, what an awesome neighborhood. We were told by a Canadian BFF that portugese chicken in Montreal was a must, so can't comment on the taste of the rest of the interesting menu (lots of fish). I had the daily special (quarter chicken mild, fries, salad, Stella Artois IPA for $10.49). DH had the half chicken medium with fries and rice, and a coke. Service was great, friendly (and cute! sorry DH). We waited a bit for the chicken, apparently a shift change inside between lunch and dinner. Really the wait was not terrible, but we got an apology. The chicken was really good - grilled with crisp skin but not charred, tender inside and very flavorful from whatever spice/herb mix they used to marinate/baste. They used a red sauce to add heat, and I found a taste of the medium was pretty hot (and hot enough for DH). They offer hot and "fuego" for those who like spicier. The flavor of the sauce was a little like buffalo wing sauce, but it was thicker and spread on top, not doused. The rice was the parboiled style (typical latino restaurant type) and pretty bland, but good against the hot sauce and vinegar from the dressing. The salad was romaine, super-thin sliced red onion (maybe pickled) and olives, with a pleasant vinaigrette. And there was just the right amount, more than a garnish, but not the type that seems to grow in amount as you eat it. I loved the fries, but it would depend on your taste - they were seasoned really well, as to size not shoestring (frites) but thinner than steak fries, and fried crispy but still very moist on the inside. I like that style a lot (pretty greasy), so ymmv. They might have offered ketchup or mayo for the fries, but we didn't need it enough to ask. Server spoke fluent french (as far as I could tell) and english (for sure!). Have no fear if your french is terrible or nonexistent! And seriously, the neighborhood and foot traffic is really chill and interesting. Curbside parking is available on the side streets, or small pay lot around the corner.
4	We just wandered into this place. The sandwiches (we had steak and fish) were great. The french fries were VERY good and quite different. The waiter (Very nice and helpful) said that the recipe and the way they were cooked were a secret. Best fries we ever tasted. If we are ever in Montreal again, we would stop by for another lunch or dinner.
1	This has to have been the worst ding experience I've ever had, bordering on abusive service. We ended up asking for the check before the mains arrived but more than an hour after being seated. It was not busy.
5	We had an amazing lunch here! The 1/2 chicken costs $12 and comes with both fries and a salad. I have a huge appetite and the portion size was perfect for me. There are also options to make it spicier or to get smaller portions (1/4 chicken). The fries were incredible and the chicken was tender, grilled to perfection. The restaurant itself is in a good location near Berri-Uqam metro, with a casual yet nice atmosphere. There are TVs there for sports as well and you can order wines/beers too! There is a terrace outside during the summer. The rest of the menu has good selection (primarily chicken but fish too!) with very reasonable prices. The waiter accidentally threw away the leftovers instead of saving it, but they offered a complimentary dessert to make up for it. Overall, I would highly recommend this place for a reasonably priced yet excellent lunch/dinner.
