5	I've been to MANY Two Hippies and I'm pumped there is one in the Mesa. BEST LEMONADES EVER! Cool decorations, bigger dining area, fast, cheap and delicious! Thanks guys!
5	You guys are doing awesome. I had the 3 tacos for $5 deal and all three were amazing.and they werent small tacos either I was full by the second one.  i think this is my new favorite place to eat.
4	this was my first time going to any of the "two hippies" restaurants and i am in love! the staff was great and answered any and all questions. i got the cheese crisp with chicken- it was the perfect size and the portion was just right. their lemonade is amazing- i got a pomegranate/mango one and it was awesome! the atmosphere is super casual and i can't wait to go again and try one of their burgers:)
4	I've been to a few of the various Two Hippies in the cenpho area so I was excited when one opened by my office!Today I got the chicken, fish and cactus tacos. LOVED the cactus taco (made with nopalitos)! The chicken was good, but basic  and the fish was ok, but the texture of the fish was really weird... mushy. I love the sauce they put on the fish taco though. All the tacos come with a little rice and beans on them, with cabbage and tomatoes. I'm a big, big fan of hte veggies on the tacos!I also go the plain cheese crisp but next time I'd get one with the works.Oh, and this one takes CREDIT CARDS! Whoop! No more NOT going because I don't have cash on hand!
5	SUPER YUMMY TACOS!  They keep telling me that there is a "Fabulous Hot Dog (#4)" but I haven't been able to bring myself to venture away from the tacos because they're so Yummy!  Friendly environment & good food!  That's my kind of place! :)  There are always loads of folks there when I go, too, so I'm not the only one that loves Two Hippies!!!
3	Great Magic Mushroom burger, fries were a bit too soft for my taste but nice and thick...super friendly gal too. Guava lemonade was tasty, mango one wasn't very good, tastes synthetic. Great service and nice atmosphere. Cheap too.
5	Last night I was in the mood for a burger, but wanted to try someplace different.  Did a search on yelp, and found that Two Hippies just opened a location here in my hood!  I've heard such good things about them from thier Phoenix location that I had to give them a try.The place is small, but warmly decorated hippie style.  Family friendly, with plenty of games on the tables for adults and kids to play.  They have a nice menu of Breakfast items, Tacos, burgers and a few homemade desserts as well.The gal at the counter was wonderful! So friendly and helpful.  She checked on me to make sure my food was good throughout the meal.  I went with a hamburger, fries and a drink.  They seem to have an awesome lemonade selection here, but I stuck with a Sprite myself.I will be back in the future, as i was happy overall with the food and experience here.  Next time I will probably try the tacos.
4	Awesome lemonade and the pork taco was delicous. Also had the carne asada and chicken tacos which were also good but pork was my favorite. The kids got the cheese crisp with the works it was huge and really good! Hubby got tacos too and liked them!! We will be back. I REALLY liked the lemonade and all the different flavors :) And the service was great too! Everyone working there was really friendly!!
4	I loved my visit to Two Hippies Beach House!! I had the Greek Hot Dog with feta, bacon, olives, and pesto mayo, and a Carne Asada taco. The Hot Dog ($4) is a meal in itself, and is served on an amazingly awesome fresh roll... toasted, and buttered... NOMZ. The taco was HUGE for $2, and there's just no such thing as skimping at Two Hippies. The staff is SO welcoming, and friendly, and seem to be very enthused to be there. I love the environment of this little place too!! My only complaint it was HOT in there. Really.. really.. hot. I realize that sometimes new places have issues getting up & running fully, and that maybe the A/C wasn't fully functioning when I was there.  I would also suggest some lower carb items: everything is CARBORIFIC!! :)  Finally, if you like Chipotle, eat here once, and you'll probably never return to stupid Chipotle... :)  ALSO: Received msg from establishment letting me know that they accommodate low carb requests! YES!! :D
5	How cute! My sister and I loved everything here. Two people could easily share the three tacos for $5. Red beef was excellent. Cute ambiance, delicious churros (just mention them on your FB), and friendly people.
5	From the outside it doesn't look like much and the decor consists of rejects from my grandma's garage, but once you bite into their special pesto-mayo, bacon, tomato & onion hot dog, you'll be singing their praises.This little shop is run by some very friendly people who put together some deliciously unique "fast" food.  The menu is simple - hot dogs, tacos, and burgers. However, don't be fooled into thinking the food itself is simple.  The tacos are overflowing in both flavor and portion (3 tacos for $5) - I think the chicken is the best.  The hotdogs come on homemade buns and the dogs themselves have a wonderful "snap" when you bite into them. And your meal just isn't complete without one of their exotic icy lemonades -- I'd highly recommend the dessert pear.Since my first visit only a month ago, I've been back several times and plan to keep going back.  Now I just have to try their breakfast menu.
5	Definitely worth the time to come over and try there food. It is a cool little place with a ton of character.  Very good food too.
5	Try the lemonades!
5	Excellent tacos, I recommend pork and red beef and of course the lemonade - blueberry, outstanding
3	The food is decent, the prices are very low and the decor is super cool. You can definitely stretch a dollar here. It's a fun place worth checking out if you're in the area!
5	Honestly, I was really surprised how good the food was.  Custom hotdogs and hamburgers that are super tasty and original.  Good enough for any food snob.  The best thing is, is if you have no taste buds and it makes no difference whether or not the food you eat tastes good, the prices are phenomenal and you won't have to bring a happy meal when your friends want to eat lunch here.
5	Awesome, cute place, great service, and vegetarian options.  Best vegi-burger I have had out yet.  Free refill on an icy flavored lemonade. Will return!
3	Had the nopal burrito, not a fan of the rice but liked the tortilla and carne.  The btead they use for the burgers and dogs is unique an dc tasty..almost sweet, very good.  The sweet potato fries are slightly addictive and done right..eat them hot.  All in all we would go back..especially given yhe friendly stafd and pricing!  Glad they moved here.
5	like orgasms? Then you'll like 2 hippies. Go for the orgasms, stay for the tacos.
2	I wish I could rate on food but they never gave us a chance to try it......on their website it cleary says delivery so we called 25 minutes before closing offered the driver $10 and had a order for about $35 for a simple 2 and a half mile drive.....but nope we got nothin but a sorry can't do it
4	I got the 3 for $5 Tacos.. (i picked two fish and one cactus) they were just ok, nothing special or distinguishably special.  It tasted like i could make it at home. They use flour tortilla, i prefer corn, which they DO have offer to gluten-free customers, i did not want to ask to substitute-- maybe i will next time so i can give them a better rating on their tacos.. I wish i tried the lemonade, didn't have extra $3. They have like 15 or so flavors of lemonade-- i wanted to try the Cherry.. next time next time!!I had one taco left and i was FULL. So on the way home i saw a homeless man off highway 60 with a cardboard sign "HUNGRY",  so i gave him my last taco. I hope he enjoyed it, if only he could YELP about it.. hmmm....It does fill you up at least.. :))I gave them one more star because of the friendly service. The girl at the counter was attentive and answered my questions.. I appreciate good customer service anytime!!
4	First timer!  Read yelp reviews and got the mushroom burger.  YUM.  Also that lemonade is fantastic.  I got the cherry one but then over heard someone get a free refill and mix flavors.  Second flavor was Blood Orange and Pomegrante Delicious!  Cute decor and nice people...I will be back
5	I came here for breakfast this morning and it was absolutely delicious! I got two breakfast tacos with eggs, cheese potatos and chicken, each only being $2.  Service was awesome, food was delicious and I'm glad that I'm a fan of their breakfast now!  Will be back in no time flat.  Nothing beats a hot tasty breakfast on a Saturday morning with great friendly people.
4	This place is great.  Very fresh  and high quality ingredients, very laid back atmosphere,  It's in a strip mall on the sw corner of Alma School and Baseline.  It's convenient to get in and out of, parking is good.   My egg and red chili breakfast burrito was really really good.  This place is about 1.5 miles from my house and I had no idea it was even there.  I bet there lunch is really good too.  Fast service too.  A great place for businesses to stop in for lunch.  I know I'll be back.
3	Very cute place and you can get bags of food without hurting your wallets feelings. They have a variety of specialty hotdogs, about 8 different tacos to choose from, burritos, burgers and a few desserts as well. My boyfriend loved the hotdog he got, I personally do not eat them so I'm going off his review and he really enjoyed it. The tacos were just o.k. They just were not what I was expecting a little plain in taste for me even with meat in them. Don't get me wrong they were not horrible, I'm just glad we took our order home so I was able to dress them up a little bit. Their "cheese crisp" is actually a quesadilla which we found out when we got home. They do offer lemonade in a bunch of flavors we tried the mango and it was tasty. The best for me was the red velvet cupcake and their homemade churro... BOMB!!
2	I went here on Friday night to try something new and because it is SOOO close to my house!!! Unfortunately, it was pretty not good at all. I had the carne asada burrito and the BF had a bean and cheese burrito. I was impressed with the size of the burritos, quite large, but I came to find out that most of the bulk was cabbage. The food was all bland. Even the 'volcano' salsa was weird tasting and not that spicy... My burrito had maybe 6-7 teeny tiny pieces of carne in a sea of undercooked beans, bland rice, and cabbage. I honestly would rather eat Filiberto's than go back here....and I am not a Fili B fan. So if you like essentially eating mushy styrofoam until you are full...this is the place for you!PS check out Palee's Crown next door if you enjoy flavorful food.
5	5 stars all the way!  Excellent food at a great price.  The hot dogs with the homemade buns are high quality and the best I've ever had.  The tacos are huge and filling.  The lemonades are made fresh to order and are very refreshing. The service has always been outstanding.  The employees are sincerely friendly and go out of their way for you.  So glad to have this gem in my neighborhood.  Everyone I bring here becomes a fan.
4	Very fun place, the chips are amazing, burger was divine!
4	My old girlfriend was a too hippy b**ch so the mere name of this establishment, Two Hippy Beach House, gave me the chills. But word on the street (and Yelp!) was this place is awesome, so I mustered up my courage & headed over.This place is incredible! Basically they do tacos, burgers & hot dogs, but with creative quality toppings that make them exceptional. I had a red shredded beef taco & two green shredded beef tacos. Best taco I've eaten in quite awhile! They also do pork, cactus & chicken tacos. Also chips & guacamole. Yum!They also do flavored lemonade. But unusual flavors like blood orange (what I had). Very tasty! Not bitter like my mom's personality.They also do breakfast, so I'll be trekking over to check that out another day.So, in conclusion, are you hungry? The mellow out man...and get yourself over to the Two Hippie Beach House.
5	My family were all in the mood for a hot dog, so I pulled out my phone and pulled up Yelp. I read the reviews and decided to Two Hippies Beach House since Mickey's, which was closer to us, is closed on Tuesdays. Myself, my husband, and my 5 year old son were all super happy with our orders and are definitely going back.I had the #8 and a cherry lemonade, my husband had the #4 and a desert pear and guava lemonade, and my son had a #1 (w/ ketchup) and a blackberry lemonade. So yummy! We all agreed that the hot dogs were some of the best we had ever tasted and the homemade buns were to die for. The gentleman working the counter was so friendly. He made us feel really welcomed and had some great recommendations.  While you are waiting for your food they have games at the tables. My husband and I asked each other  Trivial Pursuit questions and my son played with Lincoln logs. Overall a wonderful experience definitely earned the 5 stars. Can't wait to try the tacos!
3	While I'm a huge fan of supporting local eateries, I'm not sure this place is worth going back to.  They have a great sellection of lemonade flavors, all of which have free refills.I always ask the employees to suggest their favorite menu items and usually order what they suggest.  This time, the girl said that the fish tacos are wonderful, so I ordered 3 tacos, one fish, one pork, one chicken.  The fish taco was, by far, one of the nastiest things I've ever eaten.  It was soggy and pretty tasteless. My husband agreed.  However, the other two tacos were great and the chips were fresh. We ordered guacamole with our chips and it was pretty bland.Overall, I might go back to try some other menu items, but it was not enough to get me to eat there regularly.
4	Hippy Likes to Hoola HoopBy The RueKnitted hemp beanie, Patchulie and dreadlocks,You can order the weanie,It's where the stoner flocks.If it's tacos or a burger,That you might desire,Then please look no farther,No, I won't light your fire.Lemonades are a plenty,I ordered non sweatened,Spend more than a penny,Just one stop this weekend.This time I had tacos of fish,Next time I'll try pork,When I shoot 3's they go swish,I won't even use a fork. Peace!!!
5	Ate here once and have been craving it ever since. Friendly staff and everything is delicious. Can't wait to go back.
4	Five stars for atmosphere since it is a really fun place and the food is four stars.  The lemonade is awesome and it is fun to try different flavors.  Also, I've had every single taco option on the menu and the french fries.  The french fries were right out of the fryer and since they had different sauces I put on some malt vinegar and rooster sauce and they were awesome!  Of course some of the tacos are better than others but they are very big and filling.  If you want a good fun meal for a fair price then you should definitely give it a try.
5	Hippie Chick Rocks!  Good place, great food, wonderful attitudes and customer service.  A regular joint for us.
