3	We came here to try it since my friends suggested it and it was at Palms where we were gonna go for the night anyways.The waiters. Eh...could have been better. Slightly friendly but very unattentive. Maybe cuz they were about to close when we got there. Ha.I think it's a 2 different restaruants in 1? Not sure...have to check on that.The food was decent but filling. We ordered a 5 combo and a quesadilla and we could not move after eating. One of my friends even ordered the gigantic margarita, which he had to take togo.I couldn't even drink after this meal.Cheap and filling for vegas, not for picky eaters.
1	This was the worst food we have ever eaten in Las Vegas! The margaritas were weak and too sweet. We will not be back.
1	me: remember we talked about where to go night one?  blue agave looked good gardunos looked like gross tex-mex chain Brette: yesme: so my boss wants blue agave tooand we meet downstairs to find itand we walk by gardunos Brette: okme: it looks grossand we end up going around the entire casino floorNO BLUE AGAVE!so we ask a Palms employeeBrette: ok... me: and he says, "See the neon tequila sign?""It's there"Oh...ok So this place is right next to Gardunos, and there's no signso we walk up and get seatedwe're excited for Blue AgaveBrette: okme: So we get our menus, and what does it say on the cover? Where are we?GARDUNOS!wtf Brette: oywhat'd you do? me: stayedapparently, blue agave is the special menu at Gardunosthe stuff you saw online (Palms website) Brette: that doesn't make sense?was it mediocre? me: terrible Brette: oy me: terribleI was wondering why there was only one yelp review of blue agavewhen I was researching in my room Brette: i hope there are 2 nowme: now I know.The Palms website deceives! Brette: dude, you gotta yelp that me: maybe I'll just copy and paste this chat in thereBrette: hahait's not worthy of an actual review me: But I'll get lots of "funny" and "cool"and maybe some "useful"Brette: haha
1	The Blue Agave is theoretically the seafood side of the Mexican restaurant, Gardunos, at the south side of the casino. I have friends in the Palms management but I'll tell them the same thing I'm telling you: This is a horrible mistake. First time I went there (in the company of a columnist for Nevada's biggest circulation paper) I found it very difficult to find service. Finally I was able to order a been and a dozen oysters. The chef literally rinsed the oysters in water. Don't try that at home. Tastes even worse than it sounds.Second time I went there during a three-day alternative music festival. I was dying for some seafood - but should have hit the buffet. Again, sitting at the bar waiting for someone to take my order. It took about 15 minutes for one of the floor waitresses to come by with a menu, half of which was unavailable. (One of the reasons I sat at the bar, or sit at the bar on any night, is for quick service. A huge mistake there.)I ordered a mixed seafood roast, which is a creamy thing most of the casinos have at their seafood bars. It can be quite tasty. In this case, I actually received their version of seafood gumbo, which I grudgingly ate anyway despite a passing resemblence to cat vomit.Also, the margaritas are terrible. The coolest thing about this place is that all the rock and roll people who wandered in there while I was there had something to laugh about that weekend. Seriously, you will ask out loud if there is service available and then you will wish you hadn't.
2	Years ago this restaurant and Gardunos required reservations even on weekdays, but the evening of our visit the place was relatively empty.  In fact, for the first 10 minutes there wasn't even a chef.  Our waiter took our orders - house margaritas and combo pan roasts that include crab, shrimp and scallops.  The chef finally made an appearance and both his demeanor and facial expression suggested he would have been happier having a root canal.  Prices have increased since our last visit.  There was a lot of seafood in the pan roasts, but we agreed these just aren't as good as in the past.
