1	Do not rent car dolly or anything that attach to your car. My husband had to move his project car from garage to storage. He rented full size trailer. Some really young looking kid came out and hooked up the trailer to our truck. We went back to the house, got the car on the trailer and way to the storage... on West bound Grand Ave, the trailer locked up, tossed us all over the road, finally came off of hitch and rolled to other side of East bound lane (in front of Food City). Scared the crap out of me. Luckly, car was fine and nobody got hurt. We had to get trailer towed to storage because it was still locked and our car was on the trailer. Somebody from Uhaul came and got the trailer the next day. When I got my bank statement, they charged us a lot more than what we originally signed for. They ended up charging us for 3 days and kept deposit too. After arguing with them numerous time, they refunded all but 1 day of charge. I think they shouldn't charge us at all since we couldn't use the trailer and we had to pay for towing too.They were rude...
1	DO NOT GO HERE! We made an online appointment to have a trailer hitch installed on our car. We were told it would take about 3 hours, give or take. They booked us for 9 AM. At 12 (when we were told it would be finished) we received a call saying it would be about 45 minutes longer. It wasn't finished until 3. When I asked why it took so long, the guy at the counter explained to me (as if it was completely normal) that nobody was able to begin working on the car until 12, because he didn't get to the store until that time, and they needed him to do the work. He then tried to charge us extra for the type of car we had, even though all of that information was entered online, and taken into account when we originally made the appointment. I'm not sure why they booked us for 9 AM when they didn't plan on showing up to work until 12, but it sure would have been nice to have been given some amount of communication as to what was going on. We could have at least planned our day around that, rather than trying to kill time on that side of town for 6 hours. I also assumed that they would try to offer us a discount or rebate on the price of the job, considering the added inconvenience, but instead they attempted to tack on additional, bogus charges. Absolutely horrible customer service.
3	No where near enough employees, just two people behind the counter. When you do finally get some help, they are very knowledgeable which is redeeming for the long wait. I would definately do the U-Box system again if I have to move. Catalog what contents are in which box as u can request which U Box to have loaded on the trailer for you or even delivered to you. ie, washer/dryer as you'll need those first! If you are considering using a UHAUL storage facility  for permantly storing your extra household goods, just go ahead and stick your head in the toilet bowl and slam your head a few times with the  toilet seat.  Way too costly compared to other storage facility's! Do your research fools. You probably have more money than sense if your going this route!
5	We have use this location several times and always have amazing service. Recently we needed to put a hitch on our daughters truck, after  checking rates we found that uhaul was the best price the work was one quickly. Yesterday I rented a trailer when we went to hook it up to my Rogue the lights didn't work. The guys working tried everything they could to get it working. They did not charge me for their time and refunded the trailer price since I could not use it without the lights. Today I went to Hitchmans were my hitch was don't originally, they did not have time to look at the problem and acted like the could care less if it was their product or not. I went back to uhaul and they diagnosed the issue in ten minutes and had it fixed in fifteen. Only charged me for the part and fifteen minutes of labor. When showing my what had been fixed I found that they had fixed the fused part for free because it was not done well originally. Daniel is the man if you have any wiring issues! They will have my business from now on.
5	I went to this uhaul to have a trailer hitch installed.  I paid on line and when I went into the shop the cashier lowered the paid price by using a kit instead of individual pieces.  Before scheduled completion time, they called and said my cars taillight was not working and if I brought a replacement they would install it for free.  The service was completed before the estimated amount of time.  Everyone s polite and professional.  Thanks u-haul!
5	I needed to rent a pick up truck to move some furniture quickly.  The online process to reserve the truck was great...but what was even better was the EXCELLENT customer service I received. From checking in, to receiving the truck to turning it back in!  I want to thank the guys there today 10/1/14 at 4pm  YOU all ROCKED!  Thank you for making this old gal feel okay about driving a truck!
5	I arrived here yesterday and didn't realize I had missing parts to my newly installed trailer hitch and I couldn't take the trailer because I had no lights. The guys at UHaul worked for over two hours making calls trying to find the parts for me and I will say that Joe was the nicest guy and really went out of his way for us. I cannot say enough about how thankful I am. I am in a very tight time crunch and this could have really been a disaster.  Thanks again!
