2	Wasn't thrilled to go in the first place, but got tickets through work so what the heck. Show is only a few days old so I'll try not to be overly critical but I've seen way better and I feel like they put a lot of money into a show that is nothing more than a glorified cover band musical. The lead guy in the show had a good voice, other than that everyone else struggled or was just not very good.The first half of the show kind of dragged on a bit but ended with a cool finale. They take a 7 minute intermission and the second half of the show was improved but left much to be desired. They seemed confused as to whether they wanted to play to the crowd or not... more crowd involvement would have been better for this type of show.Quite a few really funny spots in the show but it just didn't feel like it was put together well. Hopefully they can improve on it. With so many great cover bands in Vegas that you can hear the same music and more, it may be hard for them to compete.
5	Rock of Ages is a great addition to the Venetian and Las Vegas.  Broadway works in Vegas, just look at Mamma Mia's six year run at Mandalay Bay.  The Las Vegas cast brings great energy and talent to this Tony nominated musical.  This musical is not meant to be a 'cover band' performance, it is however some of the greatest 80s rock music crafted around a simple boy meets girl love story.  I for one enjoyed hearing a new interpretation of these 80's hits.  I was in the audience for the preview opening of Rock of Ages on Tuesday night and saw the vast majority laughing, singing and dancing right along with the cast.  Go see this new addition at the Venetian and you to will be singing along with this talented cast.
4	If you are a fan of the rock and metal music of the 80's, you will LOVE this show. We attended the show on it's third night, Thursday,12/20/2012 and found it to be funny with music from the bands I grew up with: Journey, Loverboy, REO Speedwagon, Poison, Whitesnake, Quiet Riot, Twisted Sister, Damn Yankees, just to name a few. The narrator was hillarious and a decent singer, as was the male lead. Most of the other singers/characters were adequate vocally. Don't go expecting a copy of the movie, this is what the Movie was based on and not the other way around. The show lasts a little over two hours, with a 7 minute "Whizz Break" in the middle, but moves smoothly. If you do go, you should be warned that the show is borderline rated R with adult language and sexual content, not suitable for young children, but that just makes the show perfect for "Sin City".
5	This show deserves 100+ stars.   I am a child of the 80's and I loved every single second of this AMAZING performance..Could not ask for  better...!!!!
5	Totally awesome dude! If you are a child of the 80's, this is a MUST SEE show! This show is only about 2 weeks old at the Venetian and it's already becoming a seasoned veteran star on the strip! The live show is 100 times better than the movie (which I happened to enjoy); it's far more fun because the theatrical experience makes audiences feel like they are inside the Sunset Strip's legendary Bourbon Room. The cast's energy is supercharged. They obviously love the songs, the wild dancing and the script which is slightly different than the movie so if you only know Rock of Ages from the movie, please--GO SEE THE LIVE SHOW! If you are a soap opera fan, you might recognize Kyle Lowder who plays Stacee Jax and he does a magnificent job! Justin Mortelliti plays Drew and he sings with such passion that it's clear that he not only loves his role, but really feels the music he's singing. He truly made the show. Mark Shunock plays Lonnie and is an absolute riot. Carrie St. Louis plays Sherrie and is tremendous.  Every little detail makes this show a blast--from the flashlight "lighters" to shine during the ballads, the jean jacket vests on the staff members, even down to the beer hawkers selling wine coolers! LOVED IT! The interactive nature of the show makes it that much more fun and will be the best money you spend on a Broadway-esque show on the strip.Now, keep in mind, while this is a fun, interactive, supercharged show....it's NOT meant for kids. There are sexual overtones, drug innuendo, language, etc during the show making it not appropriate for kids....unless you are ready to have "the talk" with your kiddos and need some help 'splaining some things. LOL. And don't forget to hit up the Bourbon Room after the show for some great 80s music and yummy drinks. It's a great way to keep the party rocking all night.But seriously, if you get nothing from this review, take this to heart...my husband doesn't like musicals. He cannot understand why there is a need to break into song every 10 minutes during the show and I know that he came to this show to appease me...and even he LOVED this show. He's still talking about it today! So go to the Venetian and see Rock of Ages. You won't regret it and it's nothing but a GOOD TIME!
5	I LOVED this show! If you remember the rock music of the 80s you, too, will like this show. I have season tickets to the Smith Center, I've seen most of the Strip's musicals and shows, and this is my absolute favorite. Do yourself a favor: see the show TONIGHT!!!!
3	I have to admit, that I went into this performance expecting a glorified Karaoke show... however, I was eventually reversed for such thoughts... but it took some time.  The first 20 minutes were a bit all over the place, but then the show settled in and the characters started to "warm up" to the audience.  It isn't the best musical in town, but it was a enjoyable outing with some good performances, some good laughts, and a great band.
5	Holy flash back from the 80's, big hair, crotch thrusting good time!! This show was sooo much  fun!  I loved the camel toe and boob shirts, the deep lunges and air thrusting. Just an all around good ole freakin' time!  If you can't tolerate foul language, don't go, you'd be "one of those" lame people who stomps out in the middle of the show. I would say this is a Must see Vegas show, it's TWO full hours of AWESOMENESS!!My fave was the mullet dude, I would love for him to come to my parties, interpretive dance and just kick it! They give you a handy dandy faux-lighter (which is too cute) to rock out lighter-flame style during those slower sentimental moments. During their 7 minute-ish intermish, they walk around with beer to buy.  Just don't get drunk and whistle at a high pitch, like a dog whistle only humans can hear it. Or scream at the top of your lungs just to piss off your neighbors or be the only douche standing at a non-standing time dancing all sexual and bending over with your hind quarters protruding into someone's face.....like that one chick did in my show.GO!
1	I wish I would have pissed away the money I paid for tickets on gambling!
5	An outstanding show! The cast does a great job of performing all those excellent 80's rock songs we are ashamed to admit we love. Very high energy and the audience was very in to it. As some have said, this show is not for kids. Leave them at home.There were not a lot of people there, so get the word out!
4	I took my husband here for his first musical. The songs and cast were great. We sang along to most of them. The bar right outside may have helped.) Pay a little more so you can sit in the middle - our views of the sides were blocked. Definitely a good gateway musical - my husband says he's open to more!
2	Not amazing and not first rate. Mixing today's thrusting grinding hips with yesterday's music in a R-ish rated high school musical kind of way, only not as entertaining or cohesive. What a waste of money and the possibility of seeing a great show in Vegas. Seemed like everyone around us were trying to get into it but it lacked momentum in trying to have a story.
4	Have you seen the movie? You do know there is a movie based on this musical, right? It stars Tom Cruise and is pretty much exactly like this musical except with more of a plot? Like, if you're on the fence about seeing this show, go to Redbox and spend $1.31 and see if you like it. If you don't, don't waste your money.  If you don't like 80s power ballads, you will not like this show.If you don't like musicals, you will not like this show.If you don't like upskirt views of pretty ladies, don't sit in the first 10 rows.Everyone else will probably like this show.  The performers do a great job, and it's fun to sing along (and they even hand out these little plastic fake lighter thingies for you to hold up!).  Pretty trite storyline, but what else would you expect? It's just a vehicle for 80s songs! I had seats right  down front, but it's not a huge venue, so it probably doesn't matter, unless you have strong feelings either way about the aforementioned upskirt views.  It's about two hours long, with a SEVEN minute intermission.  My friend made it to the ladies room in time, so I say go for it. Especially if you get a giant double (quadruple?) Jameson in a souvenir sippy cup and end up feeling like you might pee your pants by the time its over.  Also a word on drinks: the bartender who waited on us was super cool and actually tried to give us a good deal on the pretty ridiculously priced drinks.  I ordered the double Jamo and he goes to put it in the sippy cup (1 shot= $14, and apparently any drink in the sippy cup is $20).  So he proceeds to pretty much fill my 16 oz cup with booze.  It's a fun show, not so impressive as a Cirque exploit; but if you've hit all the other shows or hate acrobats or fear clowns, this is a good alternative, especially if you ain't lookin' for nothing but a good time.  (SEE WHAT I DID THERE?!)
5	Saw the movie - not that impressed. Went to the play and it was great!   So much fun and good music (yes, a throw back in time but enjoyable).   This play script is definitely made for the plays and not for a poor Tom Cruise movie....When we arrived, we were upgraded for no charge - we got a nice center seat (i.e. good place to see the show).  We then ordered two beers to enjoy during the show.  If you do not want to stand in the long line they have at the bar, they have people walking around to sell various drinks and we just ordered our beers from our seat.   Highly recommend this show (Note: We are from California so we enjoyed this show more than Jersey Boys which we saw a couple of nights earlier.)  Both shows are good but we really enjoyed Rock of Ages.They give you little lights to wave at various parts of the show -some got into it; some did not.
4	Beginning dragged for a bit but act 2 totally is good all around. Half of act 1 picked up and act 2 was all good :). There's quite a bit of humor in this musical and lots of singing.You better be a fan of musicals, 80s, and rock. Try to get center section for the best viewing. I was off to the side a bit on the first level but I would have loved center seats anywhere. There's an upper orchestra and balcony as well. There's also quite a bit of girls dancing in showy clothes and you'll most likely get a view up their skirts more often than not. But I'm sure no one's going to complain about that.There's a storyline behind all the singing and acting and the audience really loved it. You'll get LED pens for the light so you can, you know, swing your arm to the music, haha :b.It was an overall good show and I loved it when they sang Oh Sherrie & Don't Stop Believin'. I'd see it again :).P.S. Don't bring your kids. I'm not sure what the age limit was, but yeah, leave them home!
4	Well, if you are from the big hair metal band era then this show is for you...it has lots of rocking tunes from the 80's and since I am gen X, I knew every song....I am glad that I went to see it but now that I have seen it, I probably would not want to see it again. I recommend if you are a gen X, go see it and then party at the 80s hair metal band bar outside the theater until the wee hours of the night....it's good times, good times...Oh, and they serve wine coolers in the show...ROCK ON!
5	Are you a 80s fan? Then this is the show for you! So many hits from the 80s in one show! So much goodness it's hard to keep up at times! Lots of humor, but even more music. If you've seen the movie w/ Tom Cruise, much of the movie is the same as the musical except for 2 things, however everything else is spot on.If you're looking for the best seating you want to sit in the center, anywhere in the center is good. If you're looking for booze they sell wine coolers w/ vendors walking prior to Act 1 ending & also down at the bottom by the stage. In addition they have Jack Daniels & Coke in a bottle. If you're wanting more than just those options you can find the bar outside of the theatre. If you're questioning whether you may or may not like this show, check out the movie at Redbox for $1.50. It will give you not only an idea of what songs will play, but what you can look forward to on a smaller stage. That was the route I took & both the movie & musical get 5 stars from me! Both worth the money & the time! ROCK ON!
4	I saw this show shortly after seeing the movie Rock of Ages. I was a little disappointed in the movie, but the stage show was better. As a fan of all things 80s, I enjoyed the music and the campiness of it all! I attended a media event for the show and we were treated to drinks at The Bourbon Room before the show. This bar is an extension of the show and it would be a good place to go before or after the show. There is a lot to take in at Rock of Ages, as it's visually overwhelming. The show does mix it up with humor, which I appreciated. It's a bit of a departure for the Venetian to host this kind of production, in my opinion. But the show does have mass appeal and I think all ages will find something to love about Rock of Ages!And, did I mention 80s music???
5	I saw O at the Bellagio the same weekend and had more fun at Rock of Ages.  If you have an appreciation for 80s rock music and the humor side of the raunchiness that came with that genre, this show will  be a lot of fun.  Songs were incorporated into the show very well.  My wife and I loved it.Warning: If you have no nostalgia for the 80s, this show probably won't be for you.
4	I wasn't really expecting much beyond ultimate rock ballads, big hair, and sing-a-longs when I went to see this show. But I was surprisingly surprised and I really had a really good time. I still carry around the cute souvenir "lighter" you get in my car as memorabilia. I wasn't familiar with the story-line before the show, but I was able to follow along easily enough. The show does offer some audience involvement with the ushers starting the infamous lighters waving to and fro during fitting songs.I haven't seen the movie, so I can't compare it to that. But overall, I thought the show was funny, entertaining, and definitely enjoyable if you're an 80s music fan.  It is a tad cheesy (I mean, they end the show with 'Don't Stop Believing'), but still enjoyable.  We sat in Section 8 near the back of the auditorium, but I was still happy with our seats and we could see the entire stage well enough (I couldn't make out faces but that didn't bother me at all).I would recommend the show to you if you're an 80s music fan and you're looking for an entertaining night with a date or with some friends.   And don't bother spending too much for seats.  Like I said, I was perfectly happy with our almost back row seats.  And then I'd recommend stopping by the Bourbon Room bar in the Venetian casino afterwards to relive it all!
5	Saw the show with my wife and loved it, come ready to rock out with your sock out :)
5	Loved this!!   Had some humor, excellent music and these actors made it a perfect show to see.  This show is a must for your Vegas itinerary.  Don't miss it!
5	Can you take me high enough?  Well, Rock of Ages can!  I came to show not knowing if I'd really like it.  A rock show featuring music from classic rock bands of the 80s?  Who would have thought that I would leave completely loving the show!Rock of Ages is a jukebox musical with the usual thin story line--enough of a story to string a number of songs together so it makes some sense with the story.  The show is high energy, foot tapping, sometimes hand clapping and hand waving.  It's the kind of show that puts a smile on your face early on and you keep it for the rest of the show.I was surprised when I knew more of the songs than I thought I would--"We're Not Gonna Take It" - "Waiting For a Girl Like You" - "Harden My Heart" - "Here I Go Again" - "Any Way You Want It" - "Hit Me With Your Best Shot" to name a few.The show is quite funny at times and the narrator, Lonny, has some great scenes and some very funny off hand comments.  The dancing is wonderful and the real band working in the back almost out of sight is excellent!There is a 7 minute intermission about an hour into the show.  This is described as a quick bathroom break and there's a large clock displayed on a screen at the back of the stage.  The clock is the Whizz Meter 5000 and it counts down from 7 minutes.  There actually was more like 9 minutes so if you run, you may be able to make it back in time.  I stood at my seat to stretch and take some photos.  The show is just about two hours long including intermission and it started almost on time.I really can't articulate any better how surprised I was with this show and how much I liked it.  I will be going to see it again, and maybe again another time.  It's not Phantom, but it's damn good!Can you take me high enough to fly me over over yesterday?  You bet they can!
5	very good singers and dancers that make you happy to relive the 80's , they play the songs perfect into their skits. high energy, they even give you a 7 minute Whizz break in the middle of the show which was quite funny, also had servers selling beer seat to seat pretty awesome
5	Rock of Ages is like watching fireworks made of diamonds, jizz and Aqua Net explode in the night sky, while a choir of leather-clad angels pour sunshine joygasms into your ears, and the naked Thunderbirds fly by overhead, trailing clouds of cocaine and pure cane sugar. IT'S THAT GOOD!Every single thing about it is fantastic and well-executed. The costumes are hilarious, the staging is fantastic, the music will rock your sox off (even if you don't like 80s metal, you'll recognize almost every song), the band is amazing, the theater is cleverly decorated with vintage signage (hello, Budweiser ladies!) and the cast goes BALLS-OUT the entire way.Even the book is fan-fuckin-tastic -- usually with these "jukebox musicals," the plot is paper-thin and basically just an excuse to string together a bunch of old songs. But Rock of Ages actually manages to make SENSE, and even to be genuinely witty along the way. And this is coming from someone who despises Broadway musicals and Vegas shows in general.Kudos to the writers, set designers and costumers...but the real accolades go to the cast, which is astonishingly fantastic (and trust me, I DETEST showbiz people). In particular, special shout-outs must go to narrator/comic relief character Lonny (the indescribably fabulous and hilarious Mark Shunock); evil German developer Hertz (the fabulous Robert Torti); his son Franz (wacky Kevin Hegmann); and club owner Dennis (a sort of Jeff-Bridges-as-the-dude-y Troy Burgess).  But top kudos must go to the beautiful monstrous freak who plays badass rocker Stacee Jacks. I know they say Tom Cruise did a great job playing this character in the movie (which I haven't seen)...but I honestly can't imagine ANYONE doing this better than Kyle Lowder, who sort of looks like a Barbie doll on steroids and is just side-splittingly/mouth-gapingly/unbelievably AMAZING in this role. I can't stress enough how much I enjoyed this fantastic, bombastic spectacle! Such a relief to see a show that doesn't take itself too seriously -- this shit is tongue-in-cheek, all the way. It WALLOWS in gratuitous cheese. RUN, don't walk -- and check this show out before they replace it with some more Cirque du Bullshit!!!
4	Yep... 80's Crazy all the way!  Keep the kids at home....
4	I am a fan of both 80's classic rock and high energy shows. So, when my dad was in Vegas last week, one of the two shows we saw was the new Vegas phenomenon: "Rock of Ages" at the Venetian. Thanks to Tix4Tonight we got a major discount.  In Rock of Ages Theater, we were seated in row KK. It is kind of the theater equivalent of nose bleed. When I looked at the stage I knew that it was going to have the sex, drugs, and rock & roll theme. It is a stage that resembles the Bourbon Room on Sunset Strip in 1987 at the zenith of the hair bands. The billboards also gave away that this is no high energy show to bring your kids to. One billboard had an advertisement for Jack Daniels that says, "I did what with my sister?" Another is a Budweiser billboard that says, "If beer is 90% water, that water better be awesome." And another is an advertisement with a scrambled egg saying "this is your brain on drugs." The party atmosphere starts off with an employee selling beer up front. Then David Coverdale comes on the screen to invite us to an evening of debauchery.  This is the "Rock of Ages" story in a paragraph. The nice guy Drew is an aspiring rocker working in Dennis Dupree's Bourbon Room. From Kansas, Sherrie arrives. She is an aspiring actress. Dennis Dupree gives her a job. Drew and Sherrie fall in love. They go on a date where they spend time up on a hill overlooking Hollywood. Drew is being the nice guy and tells Sherrie that he wants to be friends. Meanwhile a developer Hertz and his son Franz want to bulldoze the Bourbon room for redevelopment. Hollywood City Planner Virginia is against this and explains her feelings through singing "We Built This City on Rock & Roll." Dennis Dupree wants a rocking concert there before it gets bulldozed. He invites the fictitious group Arsenal to perform. Stacee Jaxx is the quintessential bad boy. As good guy Drew is auditioning for the show, things happen between bad boy Stacee and Sherrie. Drew is hurt and bad boy Stacee has Dennis fire Sherrie. Meanwhile Sherrie gets a job in the Venus Strip Club. There is a 7 minute intermission. Good guy Drew and Sherrie meet up again and let their feelings for one another be known. Then a drunken bad boy Stacee shows up for a lap dance. Things happen again between Stacee and Sherrie. Sherrie expresses her feelings through singing "I Hate Myself For Loving You." She ends up punching Stacee and the nice guy Drew comes out the winner. He finds out that he does not need fame, marries Sherrie, and they have a child. Meanwhile Stacee becomes a blast from the past and ends up in Europe. The developers have a change of heart and keep the Bourbon Room. Danny Dupree will die and become a character with wings. Interspersed with the story line are jokes.  The main stage set is the Bourbon Room. There is a scene in the Venus Strip Club. There are other scenes using the Bourbon Room set. Two examples are City Hall and a car to represent Drew and Sherrie's date on the Hollywood Hill.   "Rock of Ages" is a show that I recommend. The acting is first-rate. The classic rock adds this high energy excitement to the musical. The performers are really into the show. The high energy level is contagious. The audience claps along and sometimes dances to the numbers.   There are two interesting facts that I learned about "Rock of  Ages." First it breaks the Broadway tradition of the fourth wall. The fourth wall is the imaginary wall at the front of the stage in theater. The performers will occasionally break out of character. The second fact is that the Def Leppard song "Rock of Ages" is not featured in the show itself. Universal music did not grant the license of the song.   The Venetian did something very smart. Near the theater, they built The Bourbon Lounge. This allows the party to continue after the show. If I were to see "Rock of Ages" again, I would eat before the show instead of eating Grand Lux Cafe after the show. Hanging out in the Bourbon Lounge would of added to the high energy level.   If I weren't a fan of "Rock of Ages" already, the soundtrack's songs below guarantee that I am a fan:  Come On Feel The Noise-Quiet Riot  Living In Paradise-David Lee Ross  Nothing But a Good Time-Poison  Sister Christian-Night Rider  We Built this City-Starship  Too Much Time On My Hands-Styx   I Wanna Rock-Twisted Sister  We're Not Going To Take It-Twisted Sister  More than Words-Extreme  Waiting for a Girl Like You-Foreigner  Wanted Dead or Alive-Bon Jovi  I Want to Know What Love Is-Foreigner  Here I Go Again-Whitesnake  Harden My Heart-Quarterflash  Shadows of the Night-Pat Benatar  Anyway You Want It-Journey  High Enough-Damn Yankees  I Hate Myself for Loving You-Joan Jett  Hit Me With Your Best Shot-Pat Benatar  Can't Fight This Feeling-REO Speedwagon  Every Rose Has Its Thorn-Poison  Oh Sherrie-Steve Perry  The Search Is Over-Survivor  Don't Stop Believin-Journey  Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 54.
5	So much fun and 80's cheese galore!
5	I originally bought tickets for the show as a treat for my hubby since I always joke that his mind is stuck in 1987. We both ended up loving the show! It was so 80's nostalgic, and they were even selling Bartles and Jaymes wine coolers! If you grew up in the 80's, this is a must watch!Since we watched it during spring break, I did see some children in the audience, and I'm glad they weren't mine... Don't bring your kids. There isn't any nudity or anything, but there is a lot of playful 80's raunchiness! That being said, don't bring any prudes either!!!Oh - before I forget - after the show, they invited the audience to an "after party" at the Bourbon Room in the Canal Shoppes area (there are signs) for free shots! FUN, FUN!
4	This show is the complete opposite of everything the Venetian and Palazzo market themselves to be. It's a contradiction I'm grateful for but still very confused on.The show is fantastic! It's a guaranteed great time. If you love the 80's be prepared to sing your heart out to the great classic rock that made that era!!!!The cast members were amazing and did a superb job on the story delivery. The stage was built to near perfection. I haven't seen the movie but the show was a definite winner!!!
5	Thank you Dear God for allowing me to sit only three rows from the stage for this show. What an experience. Folks, this is no minor league Vegas show for wimps. Rock of Ages is the real thing and beleive me if you're lucky enough to ever see this show your heart will be rockin in your sleep, you'll be humming (or in my case singing) the tunes for days to come and you'll be saving you bucks for the opportunity to see it again next time you come to Las Vegas.If I could, I'd give Rock of Ages 10 Stars!ROCK ON!!!!!!
4	Arsenal was my favorite part of the entire show!
4	Pretty fun show with good music, set, story line and characters! My friends and I were born in the late 80s so there were definitely some jokes and references we didn't understand but we still had a great time!Got tickets at the Half Off Show Prices kiosk at Casino Royale for $50+ and the seats were kind of off to the side but still pretty close.Parents, no this show is not appropriate for your kids! The girls are scantily clad the whole time and there are some inappropriate (albeit hilarious) jokes.
4	Haiku Review:Get ready to rock - this one's about fun, not plot.A real party show.I'll take eighties rockover thumpy club musicany day. Rock out!I didn't care for"Sixties Berkley Hippie."Kind of annoying.It's about big hair,big voices, big hearts, makeupon gross chiseled men
1	This was not at all what I expected for a musical about the 1980's LA music scene. I love music from the 1980's and spent many a night in LA nightclubs in that decade, but this show picked some of the least inspirational songs from that era to highlight and did not even deliver them very well (Quarterflash's Harden My Heart rendition being an exception).  Ridiculous plot. The show specializes in crude graphic adolescent "humor" relating to penile size, excrement, and  "boobies".  Lots of  purposeless profanity,  tonguing, pole-dancing, and gratuitous crotch-rubbing that did not enhance the feeble plot, which also for unclear reasons included a baffling portrayal of Germans as effeminate. Several people walked out after intermission (I was tempted to join them)  though actually the second half was less toxic than the first.  Sorry I went. If they remake an 1980's show with a decent plot with music by e.g., Berlin, The Eurhythmics, and The Police, and skip the groin massages, I will be first in line.
5	I have seen everything in Vegas and I absolutely loved this show. The ticket price was well worth the show that I had the privilege of seeing. The actors and actresses in this show remind that Vegas truly offers world-class entertainment! Plot is like an onion with bawdy fun being the outer layer and the topic of dreams and finding true happiness as the pearly core. The theater is fun, comfy and well-designed. Dont worry if you can't afford top tier seats because every seat in the house is great. I would die if i had to sit next to my dad or my kids during this show so...go with spouse or fun friends
1	Terrible service at ticket counter, a friend bought complimentary tickets for me and they would not provide because I was not the same person who purchased them so I had to cancel the order and put them on my credit card.  Employees terribly rude and unhelpful and made me late for show.  The show was good if you can avoid the terrible service issues.
5	Super fun!!! My husband and I went last week and it was great! I highly recommend it.
4	I hate musicals.  However, I really enjoyed this show.  I grew up in the late 80's and early 90's, so I knew many of the songs.  The acting was decent for a show too.We sat in the middle front right side, and could see the show just fine.  I do not like all the bright lights at the shows in Vegas; they give me a headache.  If I did not have that problem, I would go back to this show.My wife enjoyed it too and I am sure she will go back to this one.  She said it was by far better than the movie.
5	We saw this show a few weeks ago and had a great time. Good music, show was entertaining. It's a shame Def Leppard wouldn't license any of their songs for the show as they were one of the heavies during the time the show is set.  You had a mix of 70's and 80's classics from bands that would license the music. There are so many others I would have chosen for the time the show is set in but hey, that's show biz for you. Still worth seeing.
5	Great show! Went with some girl friends and it was a blast. The jokes were great from the narrator, the songs were rad, and the story was fun. If you love big hair 80's rock  music... This is your show!! After the show head over to the Bourbon Room, which is the 80's VJ bar, the wait staff are all decked out in 80's gear and the VJ is hilllllarious. Bonus is you get a free shot if you came from the show!!
4	Great show, nice theater, very short intermission.  Make sure you have your drinks when you go in -- no in-seat service in the main part of the audience.
4	Brings back old memories of my favorite rock and roll hits. Well put together
4	We had seen the movie first, and I didn't think I would like the show as much, but I actually liked it better! The atmosphere is great, the venue is small enough to have a great seat anywhere you buy a ticket. The stage show was top notch and the singers were very good. Very funny, very fun and overall a great experience.
5	"Just a small town girl, livin' in a lonely world...Took midnight train that goes anywhere..."I was never very fond of this song, at least I thought that to be true... until I saw this performance. After participating in the viewing (and listening) pleasure, I have gained a whole new appreciation for rock music along with the enticing and fantastic shows that combine the two. I don't know about you all, but I could barely make it through the movie, you know the one with Tom Cruise tryin' to be a rock star? About fifteen minutes in, I forfeited the money I paid to watch it and cut it off.  When I heard we had tickets to this show for Day One Vegas, I was more excited about plans before and after, than the show. Luckily the performance was sooo off the charts, it became the main event! We rolled in slightly late, a few minutes after it started, but it was easy to catch up with the plot being just about the only similarity to what I had seen on the big screen. A small town girl coming to the "big city" to make it and follow her dreams... and then gets a "dream" job. She works as a cocktail waitress at a popular venue that features all of her idols, which just so happen to be Rock's "greatest legends." If you were never ultra fond of 70s and 80s rock or maybe you were, this show could stimulate you beyond your wildest dreams, or perhaps convert you into being able to tolerate some rock, even after the show! The cast made up of gorgeous, talented females and strong, sexy intelligent men made for great eye candy and amusement on multiple sensory levels.I am such a fan of this show, I would go back to see it again and again! Loved it from the slightly late start all the way through to the finish!
1	Loved the movie... Was expecting something similar, great music, great story of love prevailing through tragedy, exploitation & disappointment, and where fame gave way to a life of meaning & purpose. Instead somebody decided "hey lets just ruin a great story line with crass and cheap sexual innuendo from beginning to end!" It was seriously CRAP! I felt sorry for the actors and singers who were outstandingly talented. The singing and dancing was exceptional and with better directing could actually make it a hit show. But all the 'high school teenage boy' penis & sex jokes? Puh-lease!!!'So disappointed. I can't believe that you can take some of the best Rock songs of all time and completely ruin them with a crap story line! But Rock of Ages at the Venetian managed to do it with panache!
5	Loved it and ready to go again next time we are in Vegas. Make sure you use the rest room prior to the start as the intermission is only 7 minutes. No bad seats in the house but would love to sit up front next time. Kyle as Stacee Jaxx was great and Mark Shunock as Lonny was hilarious. The band Arsenal isn't some no name people playing music for the show either. They are all talented performers that have played with well known acts.
5	Don't Stop Believin! The ear worm song and anthem of this show. It's not your typical Broadway musical nor is it a rock concert but I guarantee you head bop, fist pump, and rock out throughout this two hour production.  I love the 80's! I love musicals! So since Rock of Ages falls in that era, it was the perfect show to see for our 28th anniversary. This is the STAGE version NOT the screen/movie version.  The ORIGINAL screenplay. The award winning TONY AWARDS version! Some of the scenes may be too risque for the "goody two shoes" crowd to handle especially  if you liked the toned down Glee 'esque movie version.If you were into the hair & glam bands and the rockers of the late 70's - 80's you're gonna find it hilarious and so much fun.Not going to delve into the storyline, don't want to give it away,  you can read Daniel S. in depth for the story line 411. The cast and chorus and live musicians were incredible. My favorite was the the girl who played Sherrie that night. She was hitting those notes right on. Come to find out at the end  when "Drew" proudly told us audience members  in the front rows that it was cast members Becca first time to play the female lead. WOW She didn't miss a beat. The venue for ROA has it's own theater. It's intimate enough where even the back rows and seats had a good view. Our seats were in  front, orchestra mid section just 10 rows back. Rockstar VIP seats were fur lined in zebra print.  Just heads up the cast members will break out of character sometimes and interact with you!  Set design, props and costume, the hair....yeah they nailed it...even that TWA flight bag (which I want!) Audience participation is encouraged ..wave your lighters during the ballad numbers! (complimentary flashlights handed out to you at theatre entrance).but please you don't have to sing along to every note. The music is energetic, the songs were all familiar. The 80's musical trip down memory lane rocked \m/
5	all you need to know is...#iwannarock
4	First of all I would like to point out that this show is not for kids. From beginning to end, you have scantily clad women singing, dancing, lap dancing, and constantly twirling on stripper poles on both sides of the stage. This show is designed for adults. Perfect for guys, especially when the beer is flowin. The term "Sex, Drugs, and Rock n Roll" perfectly describes this show.With that said, these guys actually make a good show out of it. From all the one liners, facial expressions, gestures, and sexual inuendos, to the serious (and not so serious) acting and most importantly, singing, the overall presentation of this show is very entertaining.Everybody, and I mean everybody on this cast can sing and dance. Some can even play instruments while singing and dancing. The stage itself is set up rather nicely. For those that did not know, this is where Blue Man Group used to perform before they moved to Monte Carlo. Even though they did not have much room, they still managed to make it look like several different scenes including an office, a bathroom, a strip club, a highway, and a construction zone. They make good use of audio, visual, and lighting at different angles not to mention timing.As for the music, it's a virtual time machine that takes you back to the rock music of the 70's, 80's and early 90's. For each song they sang it usually had something to do with the current scene. As everybody knows, its one of those boy meets girl, falls in love, loses girl, only to find her again, learns his lesson, then they are together for good.The only negative thing I did not like were all the people that were drinking beer. Some just don't know when to stop. Now im not one to spoil a good time for somebody but when you start saying obnoxious things and spilling your beer, that puts a damper on my experience. I felt sorry for my wife because the guy that sat next to her drank so much beer that you can literally smell it coming out of his pores. All I know is that when the show ended, there were beer cups, plastic bud light bottles, and the ridiculously strong smell of spilled beer all over the theater floor. I guess from all the shows they have had it's one big cycle they go through.Overall, I thought it was quite amusing. You had a lot of cheesy parts but they were laughable. Don't forget to pick up your simulated cigarette lighters at the entrance. These are actually small battery powered LEDs that light up when you hold the middle button down. Feel free to wave these around especially when they sing a song that you like. I think that was a nice touch by the ROA guys. Its a 2 hour show with a 7 minute bathroom break halfway so make sure you plan accordingly. I have seen Raiding the Rock Vault at LVH and imo, Raiding the Rock Vault is a little bit better. The difference is that you have former band members actually playing instruments and singing as well. Its a lot like a concert. ROA is more of a musical.
4	It was a good show and the staff was great. We went on a Saturday night and the venue was only half full! I would recommend it to friends and visitors. It was fun to sing and dance along to the music and the actors were great at keeping the audience involved.
5	This show was awesome! We all had a great time and went on a day when they weren't too busy so we got free upgraded seats. The venue is on the smaller side, so there aren't really any bad seats. The cast was great and the show is funny. It's a cool experience.
5	This is one of the best shows I've seen in Vegas and I'm not a fan of musicals. I was able to get a Tix 4 Tonight deal on the show so check there before you buy. Be sure and use your free shot after the show voucher in the Bourbon Room and have a 2 for 1 drink there as well, totally worth it.
2	The actual band behind the scenes was quite talented, but don't expect to hear your favorite songs sung the way you like them to be sung. Quite a variety of music, but it seemed like they didn't really like Journey, as they purposely screwed with every Journey song they played. There were humorous moments, but the acting was terrible; the storyline could have ended at intermission and that would have been fine; the sexy girls were understandable- this is Vegas- but the obscenities were totally unnecessary and were detractors. If you want to see this, see it somewhere else and don't waste your time in Vegas, there are too many other good shows to see
4	Part musical, part rock concert, all comedy.  Rock of Ages is like Vegas itself; wonderfully tacky. Definitely not one for kids; but why take them to Vegas in the first place?  Take them to the theme park with the rodent mascot; they'll enjoy the rides and you won't have to cover your little angels' ears and eyes every 5 minutes. Now you will read complaints on Yelp about the plot. Let me share a secret with you - most shows on The Strip weren't written by Shakespeare. If you don't believe me you can Google it. However if you want 2 hours of fun, music and general silliness then this show is for you.The set looked great, the cast are talented and the band rocked. I will give a special mention of the actor who played Lonny; funny as heck and had the stamina of an athlete. So question: if you made to the end of this review, why are you still thinking about going to the show? You can stay out of the casino for a couple hours and instead get your rock on. When the show is over and the earworm won't stop singing, then you can blow your mortgage at the roulette table. Now repeat after me: "I wanna rock! "
5	I had an absolute great time at this show! It was hilarious and raunchy and I loved it. And definitely not for children. There was never a dull moment for sure. The music was awesome, even giving me chills when those high notes were belted out! They even give you led lighters to use for those special songs ;) I was super satisfied sitting fourth row from the stage, worth every penny. I recommend this show to anyone who loves musicals, loves 80's hair bands, or just plain loves having fun. I've seen Grease on Broadway, Wicked and Mama Mia, among others, and this is up there with my favorites. I couldn't stop bobbinng my head and rocking out in my seat, anything to restrain myself from getting up off my seat! I saw the movie first and much more preferred this live version. You'll leave the show singing all the tunes for the rest of the night, or at least I did. If searching for promo code for ticketmaster try AMP 30, worked for me!
5	Are you ready to rock? You better be when you come to see this show!I didn't really know what to expect from the show. I haven't watched the movie, but was excited to see what was in store for us. The show is so much fun and hilarious. So many great rock songs from the 80's are showcased in this show and all the characters are a blast. They have great voices and even better comic timing.There isn't a slow moment in the show and they keep it rocking the entire time. I'm a big fan and I can't wait to have the opportunity to see it again.
5	BAD ASS! That's the best way to sum up this show. Definitely worth the money to go see if you're into the 80's big hair, make up wearing, sleezy girls having, loud rock music. It's got everything you would want in a show. Half naked girls, stripper poles, BEER, rock, love, and comedy. I love Lonny! If you're in Vegas, you must see this show. It was awesome! Rock out with your....XXX out!
5	Loved the show. If you don't like 80s Hair Metal don't bother.If you expect the songs of your favorite band to perfect as you remember don't bother. It's a musical using great hair metal songs, if you can life with that you will enjoy this a lot.
4	I went to see this show with the boyfriend who is really into like classic rock. I love eighties music but I was not sure if this was going to be for me because I just like rock not love it, I LOVED THIS SHOW! If you don't like 80's rock like Journey and things like that then you might not love it.  The singing was great. THERE ARE NO BAD SEATS IN THIS THEATER DON'T OVER PAY FOR UP FRONT. When I got my tickets they were the cheaper seats and I was lik e10 rows from the front.  Still even if I was in the back the seats would have been just fine too.  GO SEE IT!!
5	Terrific show.  A rockin' good time. You'll be dancing in your seat!!!One of the most entertaining shows in Vegas. Great music.  Great cast.  Amusing storyline.  Highly recommend it and would like to see it again.
4	If you love anything 80s, you must check out this show. I personally love the 80s and love musicals, thus it was a no brainer that I would be a fan. I love that before the show started, you can order a Bartles and Jaymes wine cooler to truly transport you to those days. The vodka soaked gummy bears are also surprisingly delicious and addictive, and will give you a buzz in no time. I had 2 orders of those lil puppies. If you have seen the movie try not to make too many comparisons because the plot is  different. But, they do have similar lovable characters. And they pass out (flashlight) lighters so that you can light them and sing your heart out in the audience. I loved seeing some audience members decked out in full 80s clothing. And I loved seeing the older generations relive those glory days. I must admit that I was a bit surprised to see some kids in the audience. I think they were European families so the kids are probably already used to being exposed to that much sexual content. The Chinese business men (who probably got comped tickets) on the other hand, probably were not and left at intermission. I had a blast and definitely recommend it. If you are looking for a fun and relatively inexpensive show- this is it. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 84/100*
5	Show starts at 8pm, door opens at 7:30pm. No big crowd into the theater, no wait line. Ushers are all standby to guide you to the seats. Small theater, all the seats are good seat. Love the state setup, get you into the Hollywood atmosphere. The show is super entertaining!! All the familiar songs in the 80's. We can definitely sing along. Not only good music but a few comedy moments too. They make the show fun & interesting. Definitely get my attention for the whole 2 hours show.
5	This is a fantastic show!!! A definite must see when in Las Vegas.  It was entertaining from start to finish.  Comedy, love story, and great 80s music!  The music was probably the best part and the lead guy, he had an amazing voice!  Doors open at 7:30 pm, and everyone is given an faux lighter (mini lighter flashlight) - ala the 80s... so you can hold your lighter up in the air as we all did during our favorite concerts! So much fun, it's definitely a show I would see again!
5	A great show. The venue is small so all the seats are great. We were seated toward the back and there were empty seats in the first few rows, so an usher approached us and offered us seats in the 3rd row. The music is great, the audience interaction was fun, and the actors could really sing. It was also very funny and they encouraged singing along and dancing in your seats. 2 issues were the very short intermission of only 7 minutes. That is not enough time to allow women to use the restroom. Also, they took some amazing photos of the audience, but then wanted $40 for the prints. I feel that was way too expensive and even though the photos were great, we just couldn't justify spending that much.
5	GO SEE THIS SHOW.....We were sceptical as the movie was terrible.  I am so happy we went.  The narrator was SO funny!!  Very funny,  great music...LOVE!!
3	I've seen Rock of Ages before and I LOVED it! It was amazing. I was singing and enjoying every moment. This show was good, but not as great as I remembered it the first time. I went to the show with my fiance and my parents. Although I remember there being some sexual references the first time, this show was a bit over the top. The costumes, the language, and the dancing was very Vegas. I HIGHLY recommend you leave the kids at home. It was a bit weird sitting with my parents through the show, but they just laughed it off. I don't think I'd pay $200/ticket for it, but it's an entertaining show.
5	Was surprised not more people there when we went-alhough was a Wed night. Very good show- dont even have to be 80's fan to enjoy- although that helps. Cast and band all good several comic moments. Band rocked out especially during encore. Tons of people on hand to help with seating and drinks. Free shots in the Bourbon room was nice finishing touch. If in Vegas definitely a must see show!
5	Oh what a wonderful show.  Great looking theater and they give you a led lighter for the slow songs!  The singing was fantastic and the acting very good.  Extremely funny and well timed.  The narrator was by far the funniest character and I looked forward to his time on stage.  It was a little pricey, but we'll worth it.  Best part of all: free shot in the Bourbon Room after the show!!  Btw, WAAAY better then the movie.
5	I purchased 10th row tickets for a weekday show. The theater is located in the Venetian en route to the Palazzo Casino.The play is comical at times, sexy and the music is great. If you're into music like Faithfully, Knock knock on Heaven's Door, Wanted dead or alive, Nothin' but a good time, Not going to take it and Welcome to the Jungle then you'll heart this musical. The cast is awesome and the show was so entertaining I would definitely see it again.
5	First of all let me just say that I was in a vacuum when I heard that Rock of Ages was playing in Las Vegas.  All I knew was that it was on Broadway, and they made a movie of it.  So when the show started, my wife and I were surprised that it was actually a play, intertwined with 28 of the best 80's classic rock songs of all time.  It took a while for my brain to catch on that there was actually a storyline here.  The venue, the seating, the stage, the band, the dancers, the lead singers...Everything and everyone were just excellent and engaging.   And then just as you are really getting into the performance suddenly there is a break...the end of the 1st Act.  There was a 7 minute break. But what happened next was so strange I still am trying to wrap my head around it.  The audience came back and started singing and  bantering with the actors on the stage.  It was like we went to a rock concert and a "Rocky Horror Show" broke out.  It was F&%@ing hilarious.  A word of caution though.  This is a show NOT for children or for the church lady types..  It is a show for an evening of great Las Vegas  entertainment,  And it is a show for anyone who loves classic jump out of your seats and dance 80's classic anthem rock ...mixed with a hilarious stage show and an absolutely insane crazed audience.  If that is your idea of a fun night out...then GO...you will not be disappointed.
4	If you're looking for a sophisticated show, this is not it.  But if you're looking for a hot cheesy, tacky show, then you have arrived.  As you enter the theater you receive an LED shaped like a lighter, which is so clever and cute!   There is actually a storyline intertwined with the music, and these singers can really belt it out.  The hilarious mulleted and mustachioed host, Lonny, sets the tone for the show.  They do a great job of picking the hits from the 80's that are actually enjoyable.  This show really surprised both of us, as we didn't expect much.  For convenience park in the Palazzo garage, as it's closer to the box office/theater than the Venetian garage.
5	This show was the hilight of our trip to Vegas! We had tickets in the 3rd row. But in this theater it's not necessary to sit up front. I actually wish we would have sat further back! The music is great...show is funny...band was awesome. Go see it!
4	This show was surprisingly good. My wife wanted to check it out after seeing both the movie and the Broadway show in NY. For anyone who grew up on '80s hair metal and rock, like I did, the show is both nostalgic and entertaining. The music and story are a little different than the movie, but they still go through most of the popular metal hits of the decade, accompanied with some great singing and dancing. They have a late showing and early one. The theater was probably less than half full for the late one we saw and someone seated nearby said the early showings are usually more full and lively based on when they saw it in the past. Check for locals discounts at the box office or discounted tickets at Tix4Tonight for the best deals.
4	No wait lines, grab a lighter when u walk in, all seats are good.  Show started promptly.  The cast was great and can really sing.  I was surprised they repeated songs over and over.  With some many hits coming from that time, I was duped why they repeated songs.  On your ticket will be a "shot" from the Bourbon Room.  The BR is a short walk into the Venetian.  But, skip the shot.  Red, sugary liquid the size of a your thumb tip.  The BR room is cool tho playing great music with a full bar.  Enjoy.
5	Loved this show!  The 80s music was awesome!  The play itself was good. Great, entertaining cast.  Don't think there is a bad seat in the house to watch this show from.  The LED lighters that you grab on your way in are just so fun!   This is a great, sing-a-long evening of fun.  If you were in high school in the 80s, or you just love 80s music, this is a not-to-be-missed show.  I'm so glad we included it in our Vegas plans!
5	Such a funny, engaging show! Great audience interaction! The singing and music was awesome! We were singing along throughout the whole show.The seats are packed in there, so if you aren't a small person, you will probably be a bit crammed into the seats.
5	I'm not going to repeat how great the show is. It's great.I wanted to comment on "there are no bad seats" - while not bad the seats on the walls have partially obstructed view. Also the seats count down from the aisle so seat 1 is on the wall not the aisle. Pick your seats with care.Also - contrary to some of the comments - this is not a beer soaked frat party audience. Pretty staid other then the singing.  :)It's fun - go have a great time.
5	Great show, loved it, interactive great cast and more affordable than a lot of the shows on the strip.you will not regret it!
5	If you listened to 80's music like I did when you were younger than you will love this show!  It was totally worth the money.  It's a lot of fun.  The performers do an excellent job.  If you go, you have to remember that there is a "Wiss" break at the half way point.  Don't leave, that's only half of the show.  Don't forget to grab the electric lighter on the way in for the slow songs.  It's included.
2	My expectations were perhaps different than the reality here.  I'll say up front, don't take your kids if you're conservative whatsoever.  Plenty of language, crude humor and scantily clad sirens during the show.I was hoping for more of a traditional concert with more faithful reproduction of the music.  What this is, is more of a musical wrapped around rock tunes with excuses to give the guys all of the PG-13 eye candy they could ask for.I will say the dancers, musicians and vocalists did a very good job no disrespect to them whatsoever.  But alas I regretted my ticket price within 5 minutes of the show beginning and would not see it again.
3	I am a true product of 80s hair bands. I had skid row, warrant, Bon jovi and poison posters hanging in my room. I have seen the movie loads of times so when my husband told me to pick a show in Vegas I had no problem picking as I had never had the opportunity to see this live. So first the movie was very liberal in changing the storyline so if you are expecting the exact storyline you aren't going to get it here. So first they just really try to make it fun, hopefully you get an audience excited to be there it will make it more fun. Our crowd was a bunch of duds and only half the theater was full. Try the gummy bear shot, gummy bears soaked in vodka for 5 days, wow what a punch those pack. Now onto the rest. I was sooooooooo glad that the female lead had a strong voice and not a nasally annoying voice like Julianne hough. The guy playing Drew had an amazing kick @$$ voice but for the entire show he was a note behind the band and that got annoying fast. The guy playing Stacie jaxx, phenomenal! He really gives off that arrogant rocker with an astounding voice vibe. Totally reminded me of a cross between Brett Michaels and Sebastian Bach and VERY nice to look at. There was one terrible singer. Dennis. It sounded like sand paper rubbing together every time he would sing, it would benefit them to replace him, I cringed every time he opened his mouth to sing. Finally I see why they rewrote the screenplay. The characters of franz, his dad, and the activist were all very flat characters and didn't fit in well and all had lackluster voices. The lady who plays mama also has a phenomenal voice but they need to work on the sound because her voice is so robust sometimes it would just hurt your ears. A lot of the timing was off and I hope over time it improves and draws in audiences because although I only gave it 3 stars I love the music and don't mind the crude humor at all  and would love to come back and see it improved. Oh yeah as an added bonus they give you a ticket for a free shot after the show at the bourbon room lounge where they continue the party with great 80s rock. I love that concept.
1	Should be called Porn of Ages with a little bit of rock.  Terrible show
5	Call it cheesy, crude or whatever. It's flat out my favorite Vegas show and I've see quite a few. It doesn't have all the huge production spectacles of a cirque show but for pure fun this is the show to see. I couldn't stop laughing at both the out front comedy and the innuendos. The whole show had me rocking out and singing along like I was possessed. Go to this show, have some drinks and get ready to go on a 2 hour ride. Must see!
5	Easily the best musical I've ever had the pleasure of seeing. If you love 80's rock, it's a must see. The musicians and artists were amazing, and it's also bloody hilarious. There were even tears. Of laughter that is. I was in row KK, which is the last permanent row in the bottom section and had a brilliant view. I'd go see it again straight away if I could. I wish I'd bought the book, or a t-shirt or something. Don't stop, believing....
5	Amazing show! Best musical in Las Vegas. Some adult content, but this is Vegas and you should expect that.
5	Dude, this show is totally rad ! Honestly it's really really good (sorry, ran out of cool 80s terminology) . It jumped to the near top of my all time favorite Broadway type shows... JUST next to Jersey boys. Although i recommend this for almost everyone, it's especially for those who still rock the 80s over katie Perry or miley i-am-strange cirus.We were pretty lucky came on a slow show since they upgraded our ok seats to spectacular front center!! It got better from there.The main actor and actress has really good voices and the story line was sweet and flowed nicely. There was never a dull moment. I have to admit, the star of the show was not the main actors but the narrator guy with the mullet and mini cut off tank top. He was FREAKING HILARIOUS and even ad-libbed on a few occasions. Go SEE THIS SHOW!
4	It was a fireworks show of diamonds, jizz, and aqua net. Yep. You will probably know every song in this show if you are at least 27 years old. Great cast and great energy. Worth it. All seats are good so you don't need to pay the high bucks.
5	Saw this show last night and was blown away! The theater is small so don't worry if you don't have great seats.  We were in the fifth row and enjoyed every minute of it.  The performers are incredibly talented and they had the entire audience cracking up the entire show.  I am not even a huge rock fan (more of a 90's pop gal) and I was singing along and laughing most of the night.  Would highly recommend if you are in Vegas! Applause all around!
1	Loved the incredible music and talented singers.  Hated the frequent sexual innuendos and overt sexual references (including a couple "doing it" in a bathroom stall).   Too much crude humor and playing to the lowest common denominator  This overshadowed for me what could have been an awesome trip down my own 80's memory lane.   Was embarrassed that I took my wife to see this, and we left at intermission.
5	LOVED THIS SHOW! Funny, fun, great actors/singers/dancers.  Yes, it can be crude, but it's Vegas, people!  Everything has a little extra crude factor in Vegas.  There were a few kids in front of us, and I felt really uncomfortable for their parents.  Kids do not belong in Vegas under any circumstances, jeez.  Anyway, the show was hilarious, very well done, our entire group of 12 girls loved it.  All of the seats are great. Wear 80s gear and they might upgrade your seat.  Definitely go to this show!
4	This show was fun! When you first walk in you get to pick up a "Rock of Ages" lighter to sway in the air
2	I feel like I just walked into the seven levels of shitty hair metal hell. The story was over the top cheesy, with nothing but 2 hours of blowjob jokes for both the straight and gay persuasion. The only thing giving this a second star was the immense amount of eye candy, steering your eyes away from the rest of the garbage production.Thank the universe I got these tickets for free! We sat in the rockstar section(first three rows), and they cost 182 bucks! There were six of us, topping 1100 dollars for the entire experience! Rip off!!!If I were middle aged and hammered off ten whiskey sours, I would have loved this show. You would've seen me belting out absurd lyrics about vagina innuendos, while wishing to myself that I was Tommy Lee. Unfortunately for ROA, my parents actually taught me what good music should sound like. Spoof shows only have the fizzle of the music selection they make...and hair metal should have killed itself with aids, thirty years ago; They were both very popular in the 80's.   I wish Eddie Money had his own Vegas show...
5	Saw the Rock of Ages show in April. Hands down in the top 5 musicals ive ever seen. First up we were supposed to see the show Human Nature which i have been wanting to see forever it was canceled 3 hours b4 showtime, Rock of Ages was starting at the same time and the lady at the box office gave us a very good price for 3 tix. Me and my daughters who are in their 20's knew every song and sang along very loudly. The venue was nice a bar right next to the stage. The music and singing were out of this world and very good actors, we had so much fun didnt want it to end. The 80's was my time and it definately took me back to a carefree fun time it was like being at a party. I will be seeing this one again.
5	I was in Vegas this past 4th of July weekend to celebrate my birthday with my boyfriend. ..One of the things on my wish list was to see ROA.  We got tix to the 10pm showing.  They had a promotion going with Zebra lounge for the 10pm show which was unlimited wine or beer from 8 to 10pm.  So the bf and I took advantage of this after dinner and before the show.Once we got to the venue, our seats were upgraded to the 4th aisle...Score!!! From the moment the show started to the ending, we were laughing, singing along and just having a great time.The joke are sexual, but cmon we are in Sin City right? You can't expect it to be clean cut...anyways songs selections are on point!Small venue so any seat in the house is a good seat :)
5	We saw this on our first night in Vegas. It is one of the few musicals I would see again the next night if  I could have. Hilarious and outrageous. Entertaining from start to finish. Great discount was available at the ticket desk at the Venetian. A must see for anyone who loves the big hair music. 18+ age
4	Good show, good music and cool set.
5	After seeing the Broadway production I absolutely HAD to see it performed in Vegas and I was definitely NOT disappointed! In truth, this production had more energy and a better cast than the New York counterpart which is exceedingly surprising!Even if you're not a fan of rock and roll you will be able to appreciate the story and accompanying music for Rock of Ages but be warned, it is a little naughty so try not to take young children to the show- you'll be covering their eyes a fair amount.Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll right?
5	A lot of fun! I wasn't expecting it to be that great but it was a ball! It was funny, entertaining and engaging. Loved the lighter/lights they give you to use during the performance.  I cannot wait to see it again. When someone mentions Vegas I always recommend this show! *not really child appropriate
1	Way, way, too loud, and no point to the story. Bored in the first few minutes.There wasn't anything to it.
2	Let me start by saying this, if you're a fan of the movie DON'T see this show! The play is WAAAYYY different and not in a good way. I thought that most of the vocals were extremely weak, and the female lead was HORRID! She was sharp, flat, and all over the place. And that was just her singing...the acting was even worse. The other thing that made this show Syu bad was the cost of the tickets. For 125 bucks a piece we were expecting something much better. I could see paying 50 at most for this show. The only good thing was that you get a free shot in The Bourbon Room after the show. The shot was yummy but the bar left a lot to be desired. All in all this was a bummer experience. They could have done so much better with this production. Save your money and just rent the movie...you'll be happier.
3	Don't get me wrong, the show was great. The sets were creative considering the limited amount of space they had to work with, every member of the cast showed incredible talent, the amount of smoke seemed a little over the top.....but all in all, a good experience.Now here comes the bad part.  The ushers. Look, I know there is a no photography policy in this show (and many other Vegas shows), Most of the people in the audience were tourists....taking pictures is what they do. I wasn't distracted by the people taking pictures, I was distracted by the ushers scurrying up and down the isles to tell people (at times in not very quiet voices) that they can't take pictures. It was the ushers that detracted from the show, not the picture taking.Also, a few sections over from me, there was a woman obviously having a good time because occasionally, she would get up and dance during some of the songs. Well, I guess the ushers would have no part of that. At the intermission, one of the ushers evidently had some words with her. Don't know if she was asked to leave, or she left on her own, but she and her entire party wasn't there for the second act.The ushers need to turn it down a notch, and remember this was supposed to be a show about rock and roll, having a good time, and occasionally expressing yourself. They can't expect everyone to just sit there motionless with their eyes forward for the duration of the show.
4	As others have said, the storyline is hackneyed and amateurish. The production though is first rate and entertaining.The singing and dancing are good, but not great. The outfits are sure to bring back memories for those old enough to remember the 80's. The star of the show is obviously the music and it does not disappoint. The live band is energetic and talented.To a certain extent, the energy of the show is influenced by the audience and their entusiasm for the music. Unfortunately, we were there on a Thursday which must have been senior night as there were many elderly in attendance (including one sitting next to us that fell asleep during the show). Consequently, there was a lack of audience participation in moving and singing along with the familiar anthems.Overall, this was a fun show, but if you are limited on funds and/or time and need to get your rock itch scratched while in Vegas, I would recommend Raiding the Rock Vault instead.
5	If you are a fan of the movie like I am then this show will absolutely blow you away. The music is amazing with a huge variety of 80s rock and roll. Every member of the cast simply nailed their characters and they all have great singing voices as one would expect. Mark Shunock who plays Lonny will keep you laughing and entertained throughout the show as he acts as the narrator of this rockin love story.The show moves at a good pace and you arent overburdened by song after song. Its a healthy mix of acting and musical numbers. The show includes a hint of sex appeal with many of the cast members sporting lingerie/stockings/etc. Nothing crude, but think the 80s if the 80s were living off today's standards. If you like hot chicks in skimpy outfits who can sing and dance, this will not bother you.The music is nice and loud like it should be. We sat in the second row and werent blown away or deafened whatsoever. It was just perfect. The show has many many more songs that werent featured in the movie and the story in the musical version is just plain better also.If you need to decide if you want to see this show, ask yourself these questions: Do you like 80s rock? Do you like humor & sex appeal? Do you like a boy meets girl, girl has sex in bathroom stall, boy joins a boy band, both totally redeem themselves kind of show? I thought so, otherwise you wouldnt be reading this review in the first place.So go rock out Vegas style. Dont stop believin' & Enjoy the show!
1	I do not understand how this show managed to get such good reviews, it was so bad! -The storyline is so straight forward and cheesy that you know how it's going to end within the first ten minutes of it starting. There isn't even any redeeming quality to keep you engaged. I just spent the whole time praying for it to end sooner. It was insufferable. -I feel like the humor is meant to appeal to a 13-year-old boy. Not clever or witty in the slightest. Mostly "Hehe, boobs. Hehe, vagina." In combination with some toilet humor. -The 80's music is supposed to be the appeal of attending the show, but they sing about 30 seconds of it and then get right back to the crappy storyline. -The sexuality is extremely poorly done, and downright raunchy. The actresses spend most of the time bent over, showing their underwear to the audience or getting their shirts ripped off and asses smacked by the male actors. The whole thing just feels sleazy.Honestly, I wanted to leave at the intermission, but my boyfriend bought the tickets and wanted to stay. For the record, he hated it too but preferred to stick it out til the end. The second half was a bit better than the first, but I would have been more than happy to leave. Before I end this rant, I wanna make sure to give credit to the cast, they weren't all so awful. One of the lead males had a wonderful voice, the narrator actually made me laugh with some of his ad libs and the band was very musically talented.
2	Firstly i need to say the actors were very talented and all 2 stars are for them.  But the over the top and disgusting toilet humor and perverted sex jokes in this play made it unbearable..... I couldn't wait to get out of there!!   A note to the actors.... you are all SO talented dont pimp out your superb talent...hold out for something more worthy of your skills.
5	I haven't left a review in a few years. I guess there has not been much to talk about or recommend. Until now. Rock of Ages deserves to be shared, talked about, and recommended. It's one of those shows that if I tell you that you should go when you are in Vegas and you still don't go, then I would think that there might be something wrong with you.My husband and I went to Las Vegas (without the offspring) because he asked what I wanted to do for my 40th birthday. I knew that the only place that I wouldn't get the 'birthday blues' would be Vegas. So we went for a quick get-away for two nights.I got tickets to Rock of Ages for August 23rd because, again, it was my birthday so it was my choice. Plus a friend from work said she went a couple of months ago and had a great time. What could go wrong with a show set to 80's rock music?!?The set, the singing, and the music (live band) were amazing! The acting was perfect, especially the narrator and the German son - I can't remember the names, but they were hilarious. Actually, all of the cast was perfect. From start to finish, Rock of Ages had us laughing, singing, and having one of the best nights out - EVER!I saw some reviews saying that the humor was too raunchy (more like for 13 year old boys) and the outfits were too skimpy -- um, it's Vegas. I can see us having a bad time too if we would have taken our kids! We would have spent the whole time trying to cover their eyes or explaining why they kept slapping the girls on the butt. If you go to this show, leave the kids at home! Although the humor wasn't raunchy to us, I can see how some parents would be shocked if they weren't expecting that kind of thing at this show.So, because of this trip and Rock of Ages being so awesome (we have been together 15 years and this was our first trip to Vegas), we now plan to go back every six months or so. Not only to get away for a weekend - but to see another show. I don't know if we can find one to top Rock of Ages but we'll try! Any suggestions...?
5	I'm not really into Vegas shows so I didn't plan to see one on our recent visit to see family. My husband surprised me with a date night that included Bouchon dinner (yum) and RoA tickets. I love a good musical. This was a good musical. The cast is extremely talented. They all sing wonderfully and play instruments and dance and act. The show definitely has adult themes and jokes. Yeah- there's some toilet humor but it's a show about a club/bar in LA in the 80's. I feel like a little toilet humor is to be expected. It wasn't over the top, though. The music is fabulous. If you like 80's rock (who doesn't?) then this show is a must. Also the price is good. A lot of shows in LV can be quite pricey but RoA tix are $65 each and we got a free upgrade to a better section. We sat orchestra on left side of the theater. If you can get orchestra mid it's a little better because there is a screen w some video on it at back center stage that was a little hard to see, but it wasn't that big a deal. The show is two hrs long w a short 7 min intermission. They also give the audience little LED lighters to wave during the emotional songs. This show can't be beat!
4	It was a great experience. The singing, dancing and jokes were great. I like how they sang the songs to highlight the story. Great performance.
5	Best part of my trip in Vegas.  Sometimes I go to Vegas 9 times a year and this show was one of the Best things I've seen.  Laughed out loud the whole show.  Great talents
1	This show was definitely not what I had expected. The talent in this show was great, the music was awesome (although I don't remember 1 song being completely sang through to the end without interruption). The sexual overtures (references to blowjobs, tit squeezing, ass grabbing, lack of clothing, guy running across the stage with his pants down around his ankles in his underwear, humping, licking, guy pretending his nunchucks are his sexual unit, sex in the bathroom stall, etc.) I found to be disgusting and are not my kind of humor. I went to this show as part of a group for my husbands company function, if I had not been stuck in the middle seats and if I didn't want to seem appreciative of a company weekend I would have walked out. All I can say is that I am glad I didn't pay for this show.
5	Date night with the hubby at Rock of Ages was a huge success. Didn't think it would compare to some of the other shows we've seen but it was just as good if not better! We go to bed early so I was concerned about getting sleepy mid show but I could have rocked out all night long. My husband and I are 17 years apart, yet we both knew all of the songs in the show. Plenty of laughs throughout the show. No seat is a bad seat! Have fun!!!
4	That was a really fun couple of hours.  Funny, irreverent and perfectly accurate to the 80's.Having watched the motion picture it was hard not to think of Tom Cruise, Russell Brand and Alec Baldwin in their roles.  The narrator stole the show, the guy was seriously good at his job.
5	My wife and I went to this show and it was excellent. It helps that I was raised on 80s metal but I saw plenty of younger and older people there. There was a great balance between being a musical to being a comedy aswell.  The band (particularly the guitarist) was really good .  This show left me feeling great.     Keep up the great work!
4	Flashback 80's Friday!Date night with the hubby last night. Purchased the Black Friday Groupon deal yesterday morning and watched the show in the evening at the Venetian.  Redeemed the voucher at the box office with no hassle and the seats were not bad at Section 1 Row Q. Enjoyed the music as I loved the 80's era. Tried to remember the artists and songs as much as I could: Foreigner, Pat Benatar, REO Speedwagon, Bon Jovi, Quiet Riot, Journey, Starship, Van Halen, Poison, Ratt, etc. My husband, who is a musician, enjoyed the background musicians, especially the drummer! He also mentioned to me that the story line about the demolition of 'The Bourbon Room' had some truth to it (names were probably changed for rights purposes, not sure). In November 1984, voters in West Hollywood passed a proposal on the ballot to incorporate and the Sunset Strip area became an independent city.  Snippets of the songs were played and sang. When Journey songs were played and came part of the electric guitar I knew it was Lincoln Brewster behind that instrument as he was the Lead guitar player for the band back then. Lincoln, now, is the praise and worship leader at Bayside Church in Roseville/Granite Bay CA.The cast was great! Definitely for mature audience (saw some kids in our show last night). Plenty of explicit sexual innuendos, foul language, and the near nothing costumes. The show tickets comes with a shot of free bourbon. Enjoy and claim it at the Bourbon Room at the Venetian.  Although, the show was great I will not pay $134 just to sit amongst the first three rows from the stage (and that's the Groupon rate). Too much view of asses in the front... also, this was a one-time see for me. I watched 'The Jersey Boys' 4 times (twice at the Venetian). Just my two-cents...
5	I love this show! It's reliving the 80's in a hilariously musical way. Like the 80s it's crass and hokey but fun. It's the music you love to sing along with as most audience members did. Have a good drink before you go in the rowdier the audience the better. The cast was amazing they were having fun too.
5	I really do like everything about the Venetian- even their shows. We sat in "P3" which was the rear/front side orchestra & balcony. The venue is fairly small so I don't believe splurging for more expensive seats are necessary. To be honest, a friend watched this show in NYC. I wasn't particularly interested in seeing this show, but he went on and on and on and on and on .... about how great the show was. Now it's my turn to go on and on about how great this show was. If you enjoy a lil nostalgia, you'll love this. This show features a great sample of 80's music such as Harden my Heart, We Built this City, Sister Christian, Waiting for a Girl Like You, etc. Songs you can't help singing along to :) The cast had amazing voices also.The musical was funny, well written, upbeat, and highly entertaining. It's well worth the money for this show. If you're looking for a show to watch in Vegas, don't miss this!!
1	For nearly 11 months, I've been attempting to express in words the amount of suckiness that is involved in Rock of Ages. The urge to avoid a Whitesnake reference in my Yelp! review probably sucked up 9 of my lost months.I tried. I really, really tried. Please don't pay for this show. Go sell yourself next to the Fremont Hotel. You'll feel better in the morning.
5	Wow! You know you have gone to a good show when your still talking about it the next day!!A time when men had long hair, lip gloss, tight pants and rocked so hard they passed out on Sunset Boulevard without a care in the world! Rock Of Ages transports you to an era of rock gods and 80's business men who try to take down the rock institution The Bourbon Room with a couple of young potential rock stars who are along for the ride.The Rock of Ages theater is outstanding, pretty much every seat in the house feels like your close to the stage. Also you'll find cast members come out into the crowd, so you won't feel left out!If you loved the 80's and remember  all the hit songs of that time period, you will love this show and even if you either grew up before or after the 80's you will still love this show. The comedic aspect tops off Rock of Ages as a show that really will appeal to anyone.My favorite cast member was Dennis(Ricardo Antonio). He was awesome! Hilarious and has a set of lungs on him that bought the house down!Overall:Theater: 5-5Service: 4-5Show: 5-5Drink: 3-5 ($5 for a small Fiji water)Coming back: Absolutely
5	Well to begin with Rock of Ages the movie is one of my favorite all time movies the storyline the music everything about it I love so I had high expectations going to see the show and it did not disappoint at all. The storyline is much like the actual movie with a few small parts left out. The music rocked the storyline rocked the way that they interacted with the crowd with awesome the show was fun it was funny music was perfect lights were perfect stage setup was perfect girls are hot awesome voices and there wasn't a bad seat in the house absolutely recommend this show if you love a 80's or rock or musical's!!
4	I suggested this show for my family and I will admit, it's not the most family-friendly show since there are a lot of sexual innuendos, BUT it was still super fun nonetheless!
