5	The owner is super sweet.They have all the things that one might need for candy or cake baking.I was able to find things here that I was unable to get at some of the large corporate stores.Please support this small business.It's super easy to get to as well.
5	She's Awesome!
5	Very cute little shop, they have so many great things.
5	LOVE her.  I make various types of candy and sometimes I'm just not making enough candy to buy the bulk amount from my large supplier (or I didn't order enough) and so I can just run down to Water Street and get what I need.  Owner is super nice too
5	I've been going to Jan's off and on since she first opened, many many years ago. She is super-friendly and very helpful. Sometimes I have to go to the big stores, but try to support this small local business as much as I can.
4	Right across from Chef Flemmings Bakery they have a variety of things needed for someone who loves to decorate cakes or make homemade chocolates and candies including any books, tools, toppers, ingredients like fruit fillings and marzipan, fondant, icing colors, chocolate wafers, candy and chocolate molds, also cookie cutters and she also has a showcase of royal icing animals and such to top cupcakes or cakes they were very cute. Just the variety of things you may need in one place.
5	I found out about Jan's about 2 years ago and THANK G** for her store!! I would b soooo lost withouht her store and my cake business!! I drive about 20 miles to go see her and get allmy cake stuff especially fondant from her! She always has a smile and is always very helpful!! I love Jan's!! :)
5	Jan is the best woman in the entire world!!! She has the most variety in the cake decorating and candy supply store!! Check out the candy making chocolate and the variety of molds she has... they're phenominal!! This is a must GO TO place if your into cakes or candy making! Kids love making candy too!!
3	Lollipop molds galore....Such a helpful store if you enjoy making lollipops (Chocolate or Hard Candy)No matter what occasion it is they have molds for everything as well as everthing for your candy making needs.  You can always find candy making suppies at other places but the drive is worth it to me because of the large selection of molds - it's unlike anywhere in Vegas.Why order online when molds are right here in Henderson???Not to mention this place is right across the street from Chef Flemmings Bake shop. So take a drive and buy some molds and then walk across (or drive) the street and treat yourself to a yummy whoopie pie - Sounds like a good time to me.....My sister who makes cakes also loves to buy the Bavarian Cream here for her cakes - it's yummy!!!!!
5	I love this store! It's like a baker's heaven! Every Christmas I buy her flavored chocolate to make treats for all my friends/family as gifts. She also has a nice variety of bakeware and other items. If you love to bake and experience, you must go!
5	I usually purchase my cake supplies in San Diego @ Do it with Icings, and I asked them where I could get supplies in Henderson. They told be about Tempting Treasures, so I visited Jan this last time I was in town. She is the sweetest person! I needed to get some edible prints done, and even though she didn't do it she recommended me to a place that did. She had all the supplies I needed to work on my project. I'll be visiting her again!
5	This shop really is a  TEMPTING TREASURE.  It has a huge selection of items geared for the home baker:  tips, bags for icing, fillings, molds, etc. The owner is friendly and made me feel very welcome. She paitently answered  my questions and introduced me to very practical and useful  disposal plastic icing bags.  This is absolutely the best place in the Las Vegas/Henderson area for cake decorators and candy makers.  It is well worth your time to visit and shop here.
5	This shop is great!!! If you are in the business of confections and cakes, or just a hobbyist at it, this is the shop for you. A huge selection of candy molds, hard to find sprinkles, colors, flavors, and disco dust! Great packaging selection, cake supply, cake boards etc! I will definitely be back!
4	I love this little candy shop. Worth the drive to old school Henderson. The woman Jan is always there to answer your questions if you're a candy making rookie as myself. She has tons of flavors, stuff for hard candy, chocolates, molds, fun toy accessories, and even cool additions like sour flavor and edible glitter. I want to give her 5 stars for being a great small business. But the prices are a touch high, and the selection of making candy in large amounts as I want to do, is somewhat limited. Completely understandable for one woman though. I will return here until this place is no longer.
5	My daughter and I love this store! They have high quality chocolate melts, which I love to use. It cost more, but really worth it. I am not going back to the Wilton melts. Jan have a big selection of molds and other supplies that you cannot find at the local stores. Like everyone else have mentioned ---Jan is very nice and helpful. I love small businesses like this, so I hope you will support it too!  I do not want to see this place close --- it is a treasure indeed!
5	I LOVE THIS STORE!!! My only complaint is that it isn't closer to me!  If it was they would have my business all the time!  Great selection, knowledge, and customer service.  Prices are comparable to Michaels and Joanne's on most items.  Some are even cheaper here, which is AWESOME!!  This store has saved me on more than one occasion when in need and can't find it elsewhere.  The 30-45 min drive has been worth it every time!
5	I love this store and I love Jan, the owner of the store! She always has what I need.... or she goes out of her way to get it. This is definitely my go to place for anything cake or candy related!
5	Miss Jan, is the sweetest lady around. I can always find what I need there. Also, she always seems to come through with poducts and/or ideas!!
5	I have been going to this place for a while now and every single time I am very very satisfied. I love that I am able to buy things individually instead of having to buy an entire pack of things I might not need. I only wish it was closer to where I live. I highly recommend this place for anyone who makes cakes or candy at home. It has such a homey feeling to it I love it, the ladies are very helpful!!
1	Over priced and dusty. Plus I dont know what I should think about the weird smell. I know you should support local businesses...but tylose powder is normally a few dollars for a small container, and I got charged almost 10. And the fondant tools are just repackaged clay tools from Michaels which they've up charged by almost 80%. I know the place is not busy so items don't turn over well, but ripping me off due to that is not cool.
5	I love coming here for the convenience and the customer service. Anything you need for baking you can find here and if not sometimes she can order it. My mom has been going here since I was just a kid and I will continue to let people know about this one stop local bake shop!
