5	Now this is a place you must try.  A family owned cafe on Las Vegas blvd and Lamb.  Thunderbird Shopping center.  If your missing that country feeling and wanting the taste of a homemade meal, well this is the place to go, breakfast, lunch or dinner.  If any place deserves a five star it is this place.  Clean, relaxing atmospher, and great service to go along with the great food they serve.  great price.  The nice part there isn't any gambling so if you want a way from it all heres the place to go.
4	Seat yourself at this friendly restaurant.  Good burger.  Peach cobbler ala mode was good.  Might want to try the apple pie next time.
4	Good southern-style country cooking, just like the name implies.  People are friendly, though waitress was a little slow.  Okay - a lot slow.  But at least she was friendly.  Be forewarned, they stop serving breakfast early, like around 10.  The neighborhood is a little sketchy too - park so you can keep an eye on your car.  Oh, and the owner dude was trying to show me a picture of a whale shark and was telling us it was a giant catfish.  Doesn't anybody read anymore?  I mean, who can't tell a whale shark from a catfish?  People are getting increasingly stupider.  But at least these dudes can cook.
4	Family run diner-Good food -good service-fun & friendly atmosphere.We ordered breakfast-I had the 12oz NY steak breakfast special,the wife had potato & onion pancakes with applesauce and the boy had biscuits & sausage gravy.Like having a home cooked meal.Only better-No cooking or dishes!!The food was better than expected-the potato pancakes were "to die for" and the biscuits & gravy was fresh. The steak was charbroiled to perfection(medium rare). The coffee was strong & fresh.SOLID 4 stars!:)
3	food/service was ok. nothing special imo. i had a chicken sandwhich with hot sauce.id like to of had a beer with my lunch but they only had rootbeer.and the place did smell a little odd, kind of like a bathroom maybe it was the cleaning products?? it would be a lot nicer if they served beer and had the place smelling like the food theyre cooking.although this nellis location is closer, i liked the older location better.
2	I have been in Vegas for about 4 months and have been in search of a local restaurant like what in California. This place is near my home and I had read some good reviews but, unfortunately, it was a disappointment.I had the open-faced turkey and mashed potatoes. The turkey was mostly dark meat - which I do not like - and it was dry. The mashed potatoes had hardened a bit, like they were left under a warming lamp. The vegetables were dry and tasteless. I ended up leaving most of the meal uneaten. It was a shame because I so love turkey and mashed potatoes.My husband had some kind of scramble - eggs, hash browns, bacon, etc. He said it was not very good and he also left most of it uneaten.Overall, it was just a bad experience and one I will not be repeating.
1	ABSOLUTELY HORRENDOUS SERVICE!! I was excited to try this place after good reviews on Yelp and eating at the same location when it was Manuels, the Mexican place. However, when we arrived, we had to wait 15 minutes to be seated. It then took an additional 10 mins for our waitress (the oldest lady there) to even acknowledge us and get drink orders. After placing our order, we finally received our food after a 20 minute wait. To add insult to injury, our order was all wrong (ie No gravy included on the chicken dish, tomatoes when none were requested,etc). The final slap in the face was paying $50 for a family of 4 to eat there. Your better off going to Dennys or IHOP.
4	This is now called La Fogata.  They still make your all american breakfast right which is great because that's what we came in for. The bacon was very meaty which I like and pancakes where tasty. My husband ordered a Mexican breakfast and thought it was exquisite. Thx! Gave it a four star because I can't do 3 1/2
