3	I'm surprised that no one's bothered to review this place. I'm not even from Vegas, nor did I actually eat anything here!That disclaimer aside, I'm giving it three stars based on the following:*The waiter may not have understood what 'vegan' meant (when I was trying to explain to him why I wasn't going to/couldn't order anything) but was ridiculously kind, and even offered to bring me a bowl of grapes.*The BF discovered that unlike all the IHOPs in CA, this IHOP had no vegetarian omelet on the menu, nor avocado as an ingredient in the create-your-own department. So he had to order a country omelet, and substitute tomatoes for the ham. The waiter looked confused, but did his best to accommodate him.*Dirty bathroom. Ewww...*Cherry Diet Coke = Yay!
3	a typical family diner. lots of booth seating. great for breakfast but always special order or for some reason it doesn't come out hot!! the food is good, especially the stuffed french toast(a little small). service is always good-fast & friendly. the bacon is never crisp. however if you stick to the pancakes & french toast it's a real good meal for cheap. usually $10-$15 per person.the ihop on the strip is good after midnite
1	This has to be the worst IHOP ever. I went on November 27th, 2010 and waited 20 minutes just to be acknowledged at our table and a whopping 48 minutes to get a half a sandwich and soup. The waitress was friendly enough but slooooow.
4	Hey, it's IHOP.. what do you expect?  I'm not too big of the "chain" type places, but when I'm a bit sloshed and in for some late night eats, I'll usually end up at the 'hop for a bite and a drunken convo or two.  This IHOP is pretty much the same ol' thing: Pancakes, omellettes, and an occasional loiterer trying to hit everybody up for some change to "catch the bus".  Nonetheless, this IHOP was good in terms of quality of food and large group accommodation.  The service was a bit slow but we came a busy night and there were other drunks in the crowd so maybe they just had to spend some extra time trying to decipher the slurring and drunk bar jargon?  But the gentleman was nice and refilled our drinks often so I really don't have too much to complain about.  If the service was a bit faster, this place would've got the five star treatment from me.  Food was good and prices are decent... what do you expect? It's an IHOP.  I would cruise on by again for sure.
5	I should disclose that most of my trips to IHOP occur between midnight and 7am. This is relevant because the service is different at these times than it is when normal humans are there. Whenever I go late at night, I have sudden cravings to eat certain meals... cravings usually caused by how soused I am. So sometimes I go in there and I need something greasy and unhealthy, and I pick the appetizer sampler. You get mozaralla sticks, onion rings, and chicken fingers. Plus, you should be cool and order all the sauces they have to dress up your fine, fine meal. I like ranch, marinara, and honey mustard. The service here is always good. I never have to wait too long to get a table, my coffee/water is consistently topped off, and the food comes out pretty quick. I want to rate this place 4.5 stars, but that's not an option. I want to give them that number instead of a five for one simple reason: everything there is good, but nothing is GREAT.
4	I like this place. I like it so much that I'm here about  two to three times a month. Food is good, the mushroom & spinach omelette is my favorite and the never ending coffee with hazelnut creamer. Service is good considering that they are always busy. The place always looks clean and prices are reasonable.Good food    =starGood service=starClean.            =starValue.            =starNow here's the problem. There is a section in the middle of the dining area that seats four per table with a divider in the middle that supposedly makes it a  two -two person table. Well that doesn't work! were all seating in the same table with strangers! We can hear each others conversation and reach over and steal other peoples marmalade. These dividers work well on a checkout line at the grocery store. My groceries /divider / your groceries.But they don't work on restaurant tables. I need my personal space.Check please!
3	When I come to Vegas with my mom, this is usually our go to spot for breakfast or lunch. It's easy for her to move around and the service is always good. When we walked in, we were seated immediately. There wasn't much of a line.. Just a few people waiting to pay for their food. I ended up going with the Pancakes, eggs and bacon combo. Mom had the same. No complaints there.If I had to recommend anything, I just wish the lemonade would be sweeter. Kind of tastes like water.But we'll definitely be back. You can count on that!
3	I find that this IHOP location is either okay or awful. The waiters aren't as attentive as you'd hope. I once went the entire meal without being asked if I'd like re-fill, let alone if we were doing alright. Sometimes you'll get lucky and get the one waitress there who is absolutely sweet. Other than her, though, none of the others are too nice. They were really nice about having a GIANT group dinner there for our theatre, though.
3	There super speedy with their service, food is decent... For iHop, although my hash browns were burnt. I always order the stuffed French toast combo. Staff is fair... Ehhhhh.
5	It's clean. And the service was pretty quick
4	This place is kinda lonely but the service was great and the food was dellliiccioouss!!!definately coming here more often
3	The food is really good. I rally love their pancakes, However, our server was really careless and rude. He hardly even spoke or made eye contact. The food is good though. =)
3	They did away with the crepes except lingonberries. Boo. Service is good, and I like the syrup selection but we probably won't be back, without the crepes. Food same as every IHOP.  Pancakes come with everything, so if you're trying to eat healthy you are limited or pay for something you don't want.  :/
5	Super leckerYeahUnd die pancake flatrate ist gigantischToller netter Laden mit klasse Service
1	My husband and I came in on a Saturday morning and could not get a seat, not because it was super crowded, but because the hostess apparently just didn't want to seat us.  We stood right next to the hostess podium, and were told "we'll be right with you" for about five minutes, while the hostess continued to seat people who were just coming in through the door. They seated four brand new parties while we stood there waiting. Sooo we ended up having a nicer, less expensive, quieter breakfast at the PT's down the street.
5	This has got to be the most professional and well managed iHop I've been to in Vegas! We got there on a Sunday morning at around 10:30. Even though there was a lobby full of customers waiting,  we were seated within 10 minutes.  Every employee that we came in contact with was courteous and spoke to us in such a professional manner.  Our server promptly took our order and had our drinks to our table.  We ordered French Toast,  International Passport,  and the stuffed crepes combo.  Our food came out just as ordered.
1	Usually my experiences at IHOPs are pretty decent, but this time it just wasn't pleasant. The positives are of course a nice variety of items. You aren't stuck with pancakes at lunchtime and you aren't limited to soups, salads, and entrees at dinnertime. Our waiter was friendly, however it seemed obvious that he was too busy to handle his section and that he needed help, but I saw no-one was willing to assist him, even though there was a bored looking hostess up front playing with her hair and not washing her hands after digging in her scalp, gross. So I ordered an egg white omelet with sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms, and spinach, with a side of banana pancakes and hash browns, didn't seem too complicated. When our food came out, I was disappointed to see that there was no cheese melted inside my omelet, it was a single slice of cheese melted on top. In my opinion that's just lazy, plus a square of cheese on top a long omelet looks silly. Also, there was no tomatoes in my omelet, as well as regular eggs, not egg whites. Additionally, they forgot to bring my hash browns, and my pancakes came without the bananas and cold with a block of ice cold butter on top.I used to be a server so I tried to be very patient with everything so I politely asked another server (since ours was too busy) to take the omelet back. She did with a smile and our waiter stopped by shortly after and apologized for his mistake, which was actually a nice thing to do. About 6 minutes later, my omelet comes out, and it's technically correct, but still unappetizing. they just gave me an egg white shell with some spinach and mushrooms mixed in, with again, a block of now unmelted cheese on top, and uncooked poorly sliced tomatoes on top as well. At this point I'm pretty upset but still calm and patient because I felt that causing a big scene would do more harm than good. The server came by, told a few jokes, and dropped our check. No-one checked on us between bites, and the manager came by once after I pushed away my half eaten plate, asking if we were okay as she kept walking away. Time to pay..I go up to the host/cashier and ask if our checks could be split down the middle, since my girlfriend and I like to share the bill. With an attitude she tells me that she can just split it by what we ordered. Even with old Micros systems, you are able to do the math and authorize a card by the dollar amount but she was too lazy to do so. We payed our bill which was not discounted and left. I'm a manager in the food industry. I know how things work. The only apology or acknowledgement we received was from our busy server, and no manager stopped by to apologize and let us know that we were being taken care of.I can honestly say that this was the worst experience we've had eating in awhile. To come into a restaurant with barely ten tables seated, a host scraping her scalp and not washing her hands and touching peoples menus, to a server that's too busy to handle his station, to food that comes out wrong and is lazily made, to an incompetent cashier with an attitude, I can say that I will stay away from IHOP for awhile and NEVER return to this location again.
1	The service was ok. Host took his sweet time coming to us at the front, even though they were lot busy at all. Our waitress was attentive for the most part. However, the food was a mix of bad and "whatever" for me. The appetizer sampler we all shared was good. Everything seemed fresh and tasted how id expected. However my main course and dessert were not to standard. While my chorizo omelette was a lot bigger than pictured in the menu, the spice was completely missing from the dish. Instead the sausage tasted supremely over seasoned, so salty that i barely touched it. My strawberry and creme crepe was not cooked right. It tasted like a slightly thin pancake, rather than a papery "melt in your mouth soft" crepe and again was over seasoned with the strawberry glaze. It too was barely touched. Overall, not a good dining experience.
1	Pretty ghetto and noisey and they gave us a kids size orange juice since we wanted ice on the side. Free refills though. We ordered mozzarella sticks and they taste like they were made yesterday with the cheese not even stringy
1	Well its sunday. As we all know Sundays are just about the busiest days for restaurants,  I always like to watch the waitress' to see how they are handling the stress. Our waitress today , however.  I have not seen much of. I've been waiting about 20 mins for a drink refill.  Now I know their busy,  but they ain't as busy as usual, she must be hiding out I've seen the other waitress 1000 times. Now after a 40 min wait for a sandwich ( berry turkey melt ) and an omelette, they put our order at the end of the table and walked away. So we switched to the right place and served ourselves. The omelette I had was the Colorado . The meat inside tastes like something you'd get in a lunchable. Never again.  The sandwich however was pretty good.  But as for our waitress BEE. I think we will go elsewhere. Thanks anyway
5	This location is packed. Unlike the one in Chandler AZ, which, because of service,  hardly ever seems to have anyone in there but you still have to wait forever. I digress...back to this location. We got seated immediately. The server was excellent,  and she spoke Spanish.  At one point, my son tried to catch the retreating waitress about his eggs but she didn't see him...the manager walking by did, and took care of it herself without complaint and quickly and with a pleasant demeanor. This is such a switch from the IHOP in Chandler. Very impressive; and probably why they are packed. Chandler, learn something from this site and get a grip!Fyi if you haven't been to an IHOP lately, their house salad is fabulous; many restaurants continue to make their salads with iceberg lettuce (which I don't consider lettuce at all); IHOP corp uses actual real greens that have nutritional value, and plenty of tomatoes. Thank you, keep up the good work on that!Only bad here was I didn't like my splashberry; I could taste the bitter taste of the tap water used to make the sierra mist in it.  bleah. But 5 stars, anyway.
