5	Dr. Grade exudes professionalism, I appreciate her attention and detail when I have an appointment. I have never had a doctor that I was completely comfortable with, I would recommend her and the office to everyone.
1	WORST DOCTOR AND STAFF!When my husband and I found out we were pregnant, we wanted to find the best doctor to care for me and our baby. We signed up for Angie's List and NSWH had the best reviews. I called and scheduled an appointment for July 14, however a few days after I started to have miscarriage symptoms. I called and set up an emergency appointment and was able to get in on the 28th of June. While setting up the appointment, the girl didn't even put me on hold while trying to figure out if I could get in or not. I just kind of let that go and hoped that everything would go smooth after, but it didn't.When showing up for the appointment, I handed over the insurance info the front desk girl and soon after sitting down, her, another girl and a nurse gathered around the computer and were staring at my husband and I. I wanted to leave right then and there, but I needed to know what was going on with our baby. After the nurse called us into a room, I got asked to undress and before I can even finish getting my clothes off the lady barges back in and I had to rush half naked to get on the table. She started the ultrasound and sadly the baby didn't have a heartbeat. At this point I am crying and my husband is holding my hand. The lady finished her ultrasound, allowed me to get dressed in privacy (thank God) and then moved us to a different room. Once again, I was asked to get undressed; someone else came in and took a look down there, soon after I got my blood taken (by a real nice lady), and then got left alone with my husband in the room for almost 30 min. I ended up sending my hubby to see what was going on and he came back with the nurse that told me the doctor was in air and nobody could get a hold of her. She then tried giving me a shot "just in case" I had a negative blood type. When I asked if it was painful, she said yes. My hubby became very frustrated stepped in when realizing that they were just  trying to get money off of us. I didn't end up getting the shot.We got sent home and were told to wait for a call to schedule a DNC. Later on in the evening my husband received a call from the office and was told that my DNC would be scheduled for Monday at 1 PM. When my husband asked if we could reschedule for a different week or after 2 PM that Monday to ensure he could be there, his request was refused. I tried calling back and was given the run around until I finally gave in. I was too tired and mentally exhausted to fight these people. I just wanted everything to be done and over with.Fast forward to the day of the surgery.... we were sent to the wrong hospital address, not once, not twice.... but THREE DIFFERENT TIMES. I no longer wanted to deal with these people, so I had my husband get the information from them over the phone. He later told me that he was transferred all morning like a ping pong ball. They also refused to call me by my preferred name because "by law" they had to use the name on the insurance card. I have worked in the medical field. That statement is false and also, my name isn't on the card. But anyway......I finally got the right address after a sweet lady who called me from the hospital because I was running late. I was so frustrated and overwhelmed, that I started crying on the phone. Everyone at Scottsdale Healthcare Shea was simply amazing from the moment I set foot in there. I finally felt like someone cared about me. I was treated with kindness, empathy and most of all respect up until my doctor (Dr. Grade) showed up.... fashionably late of course. When she came in to meet me, she looked like she had just rolled out of bed. I'm not sure that she combed her hair that day. I tried telling her about my experience at her office and she started making excuses for her staff's behavior. She said, and I quote "Well you know.... it was a Friday." After she left the nurses even commented on how rude she was and I told them that I would never go back.My husband and I will be trying again for a baby and we will not go to this doctor. They seem to be more worried about the facials, massages and Botox their office offers than the actual patients. I am no longer angry at them, and even debated on whether or not to write this extremely long review, but I wouldn't want anyone else experiencing this kind of treatment.
5	I'm writing this on behalf of my wife and myself.  In addition to my wife's regular checkups for about a decade,  Dr. Grade was the doctor for all three of our children.  We've always felt in the best hands with her and we'd highly recommend her as a doctor.
1	Worst doctor ever. Poor customer service and lack of communication. I scheduled my appointment for 730. Woman upfront entered it as 7 ( I scheduled it 2 hours before I started work at 930) when asked why I didn't receive a confirmation call or call when I was "late" she said we don't offer those because they upset our clients. Do not recommend and will never go back.
