5	This is the kind of salad/soup/sandwich place I've been hoping Charlotte would get.  It's stylish, clean, and it's got a well laid-out menu board with plenty of options, so there's bound to be something everyone likes. CS is located in the food court of South Park Mall, in the old Blynk Organic spot, right as you enter the food court from the parking lot.  They opened in February, right around Valentine's Day. The line moves quickly and when I went yesterday, it was packed. The folks working behind the counter were very friendly and quick to offer up their favorites and popular menu items. Kind of like Crisp, you've got gourmet salads, or you can create your own.  Prices wise, the gourmet salads range from $6 for a classic caesar, to $9.50 for the tilapia, which I had, and was really yummy.  (Parmesan crusted tilapia, warm on carrots, edamame, bail and spring mix w/sesame ginger dressing.) My only improvement would be to cook the fish less. The edges were just a bit too crisp/tough, but the center was moist and flavorful. My dining partner had the BBQ Santa Fe salad, which was excellent too-- chicken and corn, black beans, cilantro, cheese and tortilla strips.  Nothing too out of the ordinary, but put together well and very fresh.  TIP: The salads are put into nice lightweight plastic bowls with lids, so even though the salads aren't as gargantuan and Crisp, in case you want to take it home, the container is convenient.  (Seriously, this is important!  Sometimes salad boxes leak and seep through.) We also had one of the soups of the day, a crab corn chowder, which was excellent, and frankly, could have been served at Upstream in a fancy bowl and nobody would have looked twice. You can also get wraps, flatbreads and kids items (mmm, Nutella and berry wrap!), along with side items that are a bit more unique than at say, Subway, and more on-par with Au Bon Pain.  Think, Ms. Vicky's chips, baked chips, and those little hummus containers with flat pretzel chips.  You'll pay less here than at Dean and Deluca (and honestly, they have most of the same salad items here...maybe even more when you count the different proteins, like teriyaki chicken and pork tenderloin) and won't be overwhelmed with salad like at Crisp.  (Though, don't get me wrong, I LOVE me some Crisp.) Can't wait to try out some more items!
3	Great healthy dining option in Southpark mall. It lacks character a bit- but it is quick for the most part. I went during lunch and ordered salads and wraps for myself and other co-workers. Pros: Reasonably priced- nothing over $10 and fresh made to order salads. I didn't like that did not ask how I wanted my protein cooked like Crisp does but maybe there is a temperature rule on pork. I can't wait to try out some of their other offerings like the shrimp BLT wrap. Overall, a solid healthy option but not knock down amazing.
4	Went here for an early take-out dinner. Got the Mo' Chicken wrap. You choose your chicken (BBQ, Buffalo, and several others) and you choose your dressing if you want any. Many other items on the menu but I'm a sucker for wraps!Service was reasonable though not speedy. Friendly staff.Food quality was really good.Value was pretty good; my wrap cost $7.85 and was a generous size; not skimpy.Because it's at the SouthPark Mall food court, you can eat indoors or go just a few steps and eat at one of the (usually shaded) outdoor tables in the courtyard.
4	I ordered the side Ceasar Salad, fresh with a great Ceasar dressing, and the Margarita Flatbread with chicken. The flatbread was cooked to perfection and was delicious! A definite treat in the Southpark Mall Food Court. Oh, the service was exceptional as well.
5	Healthy meets great taste!One of the most tasty stands in the food court at South Park Mall. At Crunch they make eating healthy a much more pleasant experience.  Though their food is healthy they don't cut corners when it comes to taste. They are also the only place in the food court that sells alcohol. :) Yall know I love me a good drink! I can't wait to see what they have in store for this week's Yelp event at the Filmore (Rock City). P.S.The Mo' Chicken wrap is amazing.
5	The food here is terrific, especially if you're looking to eat healthier...and let's face it, living in the South we all can benefit from eating healthier every now and then. It's a nice addition to the South Park Mall food court.I'm a fan of their salads. I have ordered their flatbreads too, which are also good. But if I'm in the mood for a salad and I'm in the area, you can bet that I'll come to Crunch. The menu is laid out nicely and there are plenty of options, including a create your own. The use only the freshest of ingredients. The only downside is that if it gets busy and the line gets long you may have to wait a bit. But that's a sign of a good place right?The price is a bit higher than some of the other food court options, but you get what you pay for here. Quality, tasty, healthy food. It's a must that you check out Crunch if you're in the mall.
5	I tried Crunch out on a recent visit to the mall.  I have to say I wasn't expecting a whole lot from a healthy restaurant found within the food court of the mail, but I was presently surprised.  I had the buffalo chicken wrap (replacing the ranch with blue cheese) and it was delicious.  Although the wrap was a little pricier than some of the other food court options ($7+), it was delicious. I will definitely be visiting again.
5	After a rough night of shopping I was ready to eat my new shoes I was so hungry. I'm in from NYC and am spoiled at home by all the healthy vegan and vegetarian options. As much as I like visiting Charlotte, there's usually more barbecue than vegetarian options.Then I found crunch bistro. The staff were so nice and proud of their work and their food. Now I see why. Everything was so fresh! I ordered the veggie d-lite wrap and it was fabulous. I wanted three more when I was done.I will definitely keep this place at the top of my list when returning to the South Park mall when I visit Charlotte! What a gem!
4	Although this restaurant is located in SouthPark Mall, do not discount it! The prices are higher than other places, but the flavors make it worth it!I wanted a healthier option for dinner and we chose to go to the food court so each family member could pick the type of food they wanted. I ordered the asian crunch salad and it was a delight! I loved the various flavors in it and it was very satisfying.  Be aware that is comes with chicken on it. They heated the chicken which is a nice touch, but I don' t eat meat.  So, next time...I will know.  The 5 spice dressing was wonderful too!  I would order this again when I feel like splurging and spending money on a salad.
5	Today was the second time eating here.  And besides the fact that the chicken on the chicken Caesar salad reminds me of warm tuna, everything else is really good.  I don't know maybe its me but chicken poached or not shouldn't taste like warm tuna....lol.  Any who I've been looking for places where you can create your own salad and this is a good one despite the taste which probably makes no sense to you I really love the chicken Caesar salad.  I wish it was one in the Matthews area, y'all should try it.
4	Portabello mushroom, roma tomato, feta cheese flatbread was delish. A little pricy but you're paying for the all natural local ingredients which made for fresh taste. Got that and bottled h20 for about 10.50$
5	In a food court full of calorie filled menus (and people entirely too overdressed to go shopping), it's refreshing to have a guilt-free option like Crunch Bistro.My order: Portobello Wrap. Sun dried tomato tortilla. roasted portobellos, goat cheese, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, spinach and balsamic vinaigrette. Portobellos, goat cheese and roasted red peppers: a trio of perfection. Every sandwich, wrap, salad, whatevs... should contain those three items. My lunchtime friends went with salads: the Waldorf and the Cali Crunch. Both added portobellos. The salads looked amazing. The ingredients... so fresh. I can not wait to go back and get one.Crunch seems like a pretty popular spot in the food court. Steady stream of people during the hour and half I was there. I must say, it is discouraging to look around at the tables and see parents feeding their kids fast food when there's such a delicious and healthy place like this there. This will be my new go-to spot to grab grub when I'm shopping at SouthPark Mall. If you see a girl wearing pajamas in the food court, say hi. It'll probably me. I'm pretty sure I'm the only who goes to the mall not dressed to the nines.
4	Had a chance to sample Crunch Bistro with a fellow Yelper on a mommy-and-baby outing. I ordered a Mo Chicken buffalo wrap and they prepared it fresh right there! When I went to pay, I realized they served beer and wine--- SCORE! I ordered a Shock Top for myself and fellow mommy.... Prob the best food court lunch a new mom could ask for. The wrap was also delicious and convenient to eat while juggling a newborn! Yay for a new fave spot at SouthPark mall!
5	Bottom line: excellent food for food court choice!  Pros: Fresh ingredientsLarge menuFriendly staff (from start to finish, which is so unusual)Made quickCan sit outside if you don't want to listen to the hustle and bustle of the mall food courtCons:A little on the pricy side for being food court, these are more in line with restaurant prices.  I had the Cali Crunch, added grilled chicken and a soft drink and it came to 10.50 Will I be back?  Absolutely!
5	Best choice in the food court.  Not cheap but more like Food Truck concept. Great food ingredients done up well. But priced to cover overhead   I had the red pepper soup with Gouda cheese. Was as good as I have ever had.  The house crunch salad was excellent with addition of croutons (no charge) and lemon olive oil dressing option.  Fountain drink was good.  Nice staff running the bistro : they helped beyond the norm on some minor additions I requested. I recommend this Bistro. Only downer was eating the salad out if a cardboard box.  Would prefer real dishes.
3	This place is located in the mall food court and I stopped here for a quick lunch when i was here on business once. I have never heard of this chain before so i thought i would give it a try. I ordered a pizza and enjoyed it very much!! I mean it is in a food court so you can't expect to be blown away, but for what I got there i loved it.I think i loved it since you could get food you would want to originally get at the mall, but this is the healthier version you can get and not hate yourself after eating all of it. I do not think i wold love going here all the time if i had one around me, but for what it is i cannot complain. Definitely a place to go to when you are wanting something to eat that is not completely horrible for you!
5	There is such thing as a free lunch! Very nice girl informed me they give full value on expired groupons! Love this place always fresh and yummy with friendly staff.
5	Awesome lunch option inside the mall. I had the Waldorf  and it was very good. Greens are fresh and  dressing was  great. Hopefully they will open more locations soon.
5	When I want a good salad and healthy food guess where I think of? Crunch Bistro.I have my regular cravings for the most perfect salad- The Parmesan Encrusted Tilapia coming in at a super low 234 Calories. The thing I love about this place is the way the calories are listed on the board, so when I'm really watching what I eat I come here. Especially when your on the run at the mall and want to make a better choice this food court restaurant will make the cut! My other favorite dishes here are the BBQ chicken flatbread and the roasted red bell pepper soup perfect on a cold winter day. Come here if you want to wide range of delicious salad, wrap and flatbreads and want to feel good and healthy about what you eat. You wont regret it :-)
5	This is my new favorite "take away" place.  Everything I have tried so far has been healthy and very fresh.  I am hooked on the Parmesan Tilapia salad.  I could eat it everyday!! Brad and his team are friendly and the service is quick.  Great when looking for a causal quick, healthy choice....
3	Healthy good. Friendly.Got the Groupon a while ago. Good for lunch, but without the Groupon, I'd rather go to Whole Foods around the corner for their salad bar and variety.One of my co-workers loves this place! I like it too since from what I understand it's locally owned, use fresh ingredients, but for the value and flavor, it is a solid 3 stars.
