4	I like settler's Ridge and yes this is me, the same guy who bashed The Waterfront and South Side Works. So why do I like Settler's Ridge? They brought several stores that are new to the Burgh. Ross just opened,  I can walk in there and get four Polo shirts for less than fifty bucks, I also got a Joyce Chen wok for less that fifteen bucks. Of course, Ross isn't the only reason I like Settler's Ridge. The flagship of the new Market District idea of Giant Eagle is located here, a new movie theatre, several new restaurants including the area's second Red Robin and PF Chang's. What I don't like about Settler's Ridge, can anyone name a strip mall in Pittsburgh that doesn't have a Michael's? Honestly are there that many people looking for beads, glue guns, or buying wall hangings that need framed? Settler's Ridge has a great Barnes and Nobel, many new restaurants (although most are chains), There's a Thai restaurant, a Japanese Sushi house, and another cool new store called 5 Below, nothing's over five bucks here. There's also an LA Fitness, and Panara, it's actually one chain I don't mind, keeping in mind Pittsburgh's lack of bagel places. Also, a new Cinemark movie theatre which I found to be extremely expensive. I'll stick to the AMC at the Waterfront, even though this theatre has a popcorn bar to dress up the nine dollar bag of popcorn with a variety of spices and toppings.Over all, when I think of the new strip malls in the city or outlying areas like The Pointe, Waterfront, South Side Works, and Robinson Town Center, to me Settler's Ridge is the least offensive. With the new exit off 376 it's east to enter and exit Settler's Ridge too.
5	This may not be a fair review because I am in love with places like this, but it seriously looked amazing!!  I stopped only for lunch at Market District, but I am sure that I will be back again soon.  Believe me when I say this place is absolutely gorgeous looking and is hopping at night with all the outdoor seating restaurants.
2	As a shopping complex it doesn't get newer or swankier than Settlers Ridge for Pittsburgh.  An excellent store selection (save for a Wine & Spirits and a pharmacy) make it pretty darn close to a one-stop-complex (unless you're Walmart bargain hunting).  And it is accessible from the Parkway West and the Pike.So why two stars?  Because the genius that designed the traffic flow and parking patterns needs to have their degree revoked.  In all seriousness, this place needs a parking garage for the movie theatre and if they do build a small GetGo as rumored then there'll be even more thru traffic which makes it a little dangerous to go in an out of the parking aisles by either foot or on car.I like it more than pretty much any mall in the area, but if it's busy and I'm not on emergency-need (milks, eggs, etc) mode then I'll just come some other time.
