5	This location lives up to the best Starbucks tradition. Clean and comfortable surroundings, skilled engaging staff, and good hours. Early most mornings you will find a group of 6-8 older men discussing the world. Later in the day an artist sets up inside and creates. Weekends other small groups gather after biking or other event. There is a reason why this location does well. Find it yourself.
5	The only downside is the occasional difficulty getting in and out of the parking lot when they are busy. Great customer service and exactly what you expect from one of the best Starbucks has to offer.
4	Another popular coffee spot. Always busy, parking can be a problem since there are several business sharing the strip mall. Friendly staff and prompt service.
2	I'm not really a fan of this location and usually go to the one by Target.I went in because it was on the way to my sister's house and I wasn't impressed with the staff. In fact, they were kinda rude.When I went in, the door was stuck and wouldn't open. An employee came around from the counter and opened it for me. He explained that it sticks when it's hot out and that most people just think they're closed and walk away. I made a joke saying, "Well I guess I need to start hitting the gym, huh?" Both employees just stared at me and smirked like, "This guy's an idiot." Feeling a bit uncomfortable I ordered my drink. When my drink was made, the barista didn't say anything, he just set it up on the counter and began making the next one. I felt really uncomfortable and like my business wasn't wanted. At the location by Target the employees are warm, welcoming, and friendly. I'll stick to that location from now on.
1	I am also not a fan of this Starbucks and I also will travel further to the other Starbucks on Shea.  Seems like everytime I would a latte it's really light and half the cup is filled with froth.  Feels cheated.  Shea location is much better.
1	I am not a fan of this Starbucks for 2 main reasons.1. The staff in my opinion has very little customer service skills and it is almost painful at times 2. The last time I was there i could not believe how dirty it was behind the counter. The management team is NOT paying attention to the cleanliness of this store at all in my opinion But the main reason i am writing this post is because i became physically SICK half way through my drink. Not sure if it was from the dirty blender or warm milk sitting out but the symptoms were identical to food poisoning NO JOKENever going back. I will drive to the one on Shea
