5	So far this is the BEST Pizza I had from Vegas. The pizza is thin, saucy, with fresh topping. The cheese oozying off the pizza. Oil dripping off the pizza from the topping. This is the closest pizza to a NY style pizza. Every time I go to Venetian I have to buy a slice. It's cheaper if you order a whole pie but sometimes its just easier ordering 2 slices to go. It is pricey $3.50 a plan slice, with one topping & tax it's $4.86. One pie is $23.78 with one toppingForgot how much it is for a plain pie First topping is $2.50 for a pie 2nd or 3rd topping is $1.50 for each.
5	Still good every time around. Such a happy camper.
5	So I went to another pizza place in the afternoon and was soo disappointed and upset. So came to Enzo for dinner & was much happier. They're new worker here and kind of slow. Had to tell the guy to make my pizza HOT not warm. Had 3 slices. I know much a fattie hehee
3	I was called in for nightshift at 2:30am at the Venetian and was hungrier than a monkey with no bananas and fortunately my boss treated us to this pizzeria place that just so happen to be open this late.What a find if you happen to be walking around the strip near the Venetian this late and craving just about anything to fill that tummy up.  The pizzas are good, especially the NY style but why a 3 star you ask? It's because unfortunately, I've had the opportunity to try out the secret pizza place at the Cosmo and also my fav pizzeria joint (Familia Pizzeria) which both also happen to serve a better NY style pizza.  They also serve other dishes besides pizzas.  Their pitas are pretty good I must say, which comes with just about any fillings of meat and vegetarian only if your into that whole vegan thing (poor thing missing out!).  My buddy tried the tuna which he gave me a thumbs up when I asked how it was and I tried the grilled chicken pita which also gets a thumbs up from me.  Ok I better get back to work! When you see that big mask on display outside of the Venetian, just know the lighting aspect of that mask were results of my crafty electrician hands.  Yea, that's right!...I'm going off subject to make room to take some credit off that. But if it doesn't light up or fails, blame my boss.
4	....thank you for keeping me alive during my wild romp with your pizza and water.
4	This was a frequent hot spot for me while in Vegas recently staying at the Venetian because it was open 24hr and in the wee hours of the morning, nothing is better than a big slice of fabulous NY style cheese pizza. Tasty blend of a hint of garlic and oilice oil and cheese queesy with very little sauce (best!). Could also get ice cold water out of the ice which was a nice treat in hot LV after drinking alcohol all day :)  Also a hot spot to get a whole pizza to take to the room or to the pool which would be great for a group. I know I saw a lot of pizza boxes sitting in the hall outside of rooms.
3	Very flavorful. Was pleasantly surprised that they're open 24 hours (seriously, food open 24 hours....it's Vegas. Come on!!) when it was sorely needed. Nothing else in and around the Venetian. Although the pizza doesn't "look" appealing (to me at least), it was very flavorful and i enjoyed it. I would be back again if at the Venetian.
4	Excellent breakfast special from 6am- noon. Ten bucks gets you some your choice of four items (veggie frittata, scrambled eggs, pancakes, bacon, oatmeal), plus toast and coffee. A great quick stop. Also, their pizzas happen to look pretty damn good, too.
4	Inepensive food deals compared to going to other higher end restaurants.  Good inexpensive food.
5	If you want the best pizza west of New York City, this place is it!
3	A pizza slice costs 2 spins on the penny slots.  But the slice only lasts one spin.  Nom
4	Four star NY style pizza in the Venetian?  Right off the casino?  Food court?  At 2AM  in the morning?  Yup.  Da Enzo.  Va bene!
3	Pretty good pizza for Vegas generally speaking. It's a bit hard to find stashed in the corner of the casino, but good for a quick bite.
4	Whenever I get tipsy, I always crave pizza. Luckily, this place sells it by the slice and their garlic knots were pretty tasty, although a bit too doughy for me. Patience is key as they reheat it in their ovens for a few minutes, but when the cashier line is short, you can pay first while you wait.
4	Breakfast! Convenient, tasty, reasonable.It's in a food court, off the Venetian casino floor. We were staying at the Venetian and I wanted breakfast. Since I was still on east coast time, I was up and at it a little earlier than the hotel coffee shops. Pizzeria da Enzo makes breakfast sandwiches, has coffee, pastries, fruit, etc. Oh, yes and pizza although I did not have a slice with my bagel. Reasonable prices.
5	As soon as you step foot in the Venetian food court, the delicious smell of calzone, and freshly cooked pizza wafts past your nose pulling you towards "Pizzeria da Enzo". Whenever I need to satisfy my soul with some thin, crispy, excellently cooked pizza, this place has what I crave! You walk in and they make you walk past all their lasagna, baked ziti, cold sandwichs(tomato, basil & mozzerella deliciousness) all the way to the pizzas. The smell alone... MmMMmmm.. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. Don't be tempted by the initial food as you're on your way to the main event, the back, where the pizza pie's are. This is why you are here. They have many varieties to satisfy all, including (but not limited to) margarita(have to make italian hand gestures when ordering this pizza), mushroom, hawaiian style(pineapple & ham), pepperoni, cheese, and sausage. Heated to order, and they even give 10% discount to anybody who works in the Venetian and Palazzo. Im a typical "west coast pizza eater" and need my ranch with each and every bite, but with this pizza you don't even need it. Flavorful, crunchy, and delicious.. Exactly how pizza was meant to be made and eaten.
3	Generic, quick, greasy, NYC knockoffNot bad, just not worth seeking out.  BUT if you happen to be sloshed and stumbling past or directly into this joint after leaving a club, a lounge, a show, a slot machine, pretty much anywhere on the strip, your hotel room at 5pm,ORspent all day eating peanuts at a sports book then this place is a very pleasant surprise.  Pizza by the slice, Sicilian, Stromboli, spaghetti and meatballs, and breadsticks...with virtually all items under $5, it will leave you with a little extra dough to hit the blackjack table again after all that alcohol gets soaked up.
1	Ok, I'm about to sound like a big-time snob here, but I think the existence of this place is bringing the Venetian down. I consider the Venetian to be one of the elite hotels in Vegas. There obviously are much cheaper hotel options in Vegas, so when I pay their unnecessarily high rates to stay at the Venetian, it probably means I'm trying to avoid the Circus Circus crowd. We came here Sunday morning because there didn't seem to be any standout breakfast options at the Venetian, and we wanted to get to the pool area as quickly as possible. I noticed this place served breakfast and even though it didn't appear to be their specialty, I thought "Well, it's the Venetian. They must hold Enzo to some kind of standard, right? " Wrong. I ordered a cheese omelet, along with a sausage link that could have been mistaken for a dog turd, except cold. It came with "Italian toast" which was just a thick slice of bread, also served cold. Not too good. I ended up ordering a slice of cheese pizza to go, which at least turned out to be edible. Meanwhile, I haven't even had my coffee yet and while waiting to pay, there's a lady holding up the line for 5 minutes because she can't get over that a slice of pizza costs $4.00. "I aint payin four freakin dollars for one slice of freakin pizza!!" Are you crazy??" Uggghhh. Then get the fuck out of the line, dummy! The entire food court was a fucking zoo of hungover frat boys, gang-bangers, and lowest common denominator riff-raff. They should do live broadcasts of the Jerry Springer show there.I'm not saying the Venetian needs to be like the Wynn by not including any reasonably priced food in the entire hotel, but they can and should step it up a notch if they want to be able to continue justify their room rates. I would have gladly paid a few more bucks to eat some quality breakfast food and be surrounded by people with a tiny bit more class. This place should go. They' should honestly just tear that entire food court down and build a new restaurant there. Half the fucking people that wrote reviews for this place apparently ate breakfast there. How about an actual breakfast place?
5	Pizza was very good! Definitely come back to eat some more!!!!
4	After a long night of going wild we finally settled in our rooms and were starving.  We almost decided to get room service when we remembered this little place downstairs.  My girlfriend called in and ordered a large cheese pizza with extra sauce and little cheese.  She decided to pick it up since it was so nearby.  The pizza was $20 and it was enough for the 5 of us that were eating.  The pizza was okay.  It was a thin crust and the dough was pretty soft.  They added extra sauce by applying it clumps so it looked like pepperoni.  I didn't think it was the best pizza but it was satisfying and convenient.  My girlfriend said her and another one of the other girls had a slice in the morning for $6 a slice.  Overall, it was okay... but not impressive.
1	How could someone so drunk think pizza was so gross?Take that little zen koan to your mediation pillow and let me know when you find enlightenment.I can not even describe how disgusting the food was here.And this was when I was starving at 5:00 AM after drinking all day at Wet Republic and all night at Hakasan.The first few slices I bought looked like they had been cooked about three days ago and then left in someone's dorm room under the bed. I do not understand how the pizza wasn't fresh as the line was literally out the door. I wanted  some greasy, gooey, cheesy, bready carb and fat-filled substance to soak up all the vodka-sugar-free-red-bull that had overtaken the proportion of liquid in my blood stream.So I waited (impatiently). And was given two slices of greasy deliciousness.....oh no, wait. Greasy? Yes! But also dry, nasty, tasteless crust, minimal red sauce, and veggies that looked (and tasted) like they had been fished out of a fridge featured on Kitchen Nightmares. And the cheese was cheap and somehow horrible. I like basically all cheese indiscriminately - this must have been some sort of fake-cheese-product, I honestly have no idea what I must have been eating.Even the salad was bad. Again, not sure how you screw up lettuce. Next time, get room service or better yet, save yourself some calories, pass out on a empty stomach, and then get some eggs in the morning.  Note:  Although the food was f-ing nasty, the staff was really nice even though they were dealing with the drunkest people in North America at that hour of the morning.
2	Another Meeeeeh option in The Venetian food court. They have pizza and pizza related items as well as breakfast.The breakfast was not good (eggs, sausage, potatoes). I still have no clue how one can mess breakfast up.Pizza was whatever, not worth they money they charge. This place is one of the only late night food options in the hotel, so many people like me don't have a choice when trying to grab a bite at 4am after a night out.
3	Pizza and garlic bread was alright. Lets get real the only reason we ate here is because it's the only place open 24hrs. Later on they do have breakfast items.
3	This is a decent place to grab a quick bite to eat at The Venetian.  You can buy whole Pizzas or Pizza by the Slice.  I decided to get 2 slices of Margherita Pizza.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-da-enzo-las-vegas-2?select=tVuszav9Q7bxZwQWxvgnpQ#tVuszav9Q7bxZwQWxvgnpQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pizzeria-da-enzo-las-vegas-2?select=cqJncnzpk1E0AZRF3gweXQ#cqJncnzpk1E0AZRF3gweXQThey take them from the pre-made Pizza on display and throw them in the oven to reheat them....just like your typical by the Slice joint.  The Pizza is pretty average....not the best or worst I've ever had.  It's kind of expensive though....$8 for 2 Slices.I'd come back if I was hungry and on the run...but it's not a destination place for me.Return Factor - 50%
1	YUCK.  I know, I know...I shouldn't expect much from a food court.  True.  But this place was seriously awful.  Upon walking up, I was enticed by what looked like a fresh and delicious bruschetta, so I ordered it and paid $6.50 for it.  The problem was they gave me the one in the display which was a refrigerator and it resulted in super hard, old and cold bread topped with tomatoes and cheese.  I tried to cut into it.  No luck.  I tried to break it into pieces.  Nothing.  I finally picked it up and tried to bit it and it was so hard that my TMJ kicked in.  It was totally inedible.  So I walked back over and told one of the 8 workers that I couldn't eat it. They told me to eat the tomatoes only. - um....REALLY?  When I said that was not why I ordered it, he said, well I can heat it for you.  I said "I dont want hot tomatoes and melted cheese"  He said "Oh" and rolled his eyes.  When I asked for my money back, several of the workers looked at me irritated and said "you can go talk to the manager if you want".  So I did.  She offered up anything on the menu to replace it instead of my money.  I ordered a slice of deep dish cheese pizza (which cost less than the bruschetta).  It was equally awful.  I highly recommend you go to another crappy food court location and skip this one.
5	Who wants to go to a sit down diner at 5 in the morning when you're inebriated and your feet are killing you? Definitely not me! Well, welcome to pizza heaven - this place is open 24/7 with quick to go service and it's delish - 5 stars all the way! They make your pizza fresh within 10 or so minutes. We always take it up to our room and devour every last crumb! Perfect hangover-prevention meal.If you're staying in The Venetian, it's a late night must! I always look forward to staying at The Venetian because of this place. Is that weird? Whatever.
3	Average overpriced pizza but you get it anyways because it's 3am and you know if you don't eat something you'll have a hangover the next day.  Thanks for being there for me, Pizzeria Enzo.We were staying at the Palazzo and stopped here after clubbing at Surrender because I was craving pizza.  Alcohol and staying up too late does bad things for my metabolism I tell you.  Glad this place was open and ordering was super quick.  Really quite overpriced though--$6.50 for a slice of margerhita because I wanted something vegetarian.  Nothing special but it does the job.
3	Decent pizza with enough variety. Not the best pizza ever but good enough. Really friendly and helpful stuff. Not so cheap though....
4	First off, I want to thank this place for being open 24/7. I was happy it was located right across our hotel cause who has time to go somewhere fancy after being at the club all night long and your feet are killing you. For a whole pizza it's a little pricey but if you're splitting the check between a group it's not so bad. The crust was a little burnt but I was just so hungry I didn't really care. The service was quick and the staff were very attentive. I would definitely recommend coming here for a late night snack and I'll look forward to coming here my next Vegas trip! Perfect hangover prevention meal.
1	The worst lasagna I have ever eaten in my life. For $12.95, I got fake meat that has been sitting in the warmer the entire day. The server was in no rush to serve me either; gossiping with another worker was more important than attending to the only customer who was standing before them - RUDE.
4	Very nice pizza! Perfect drunk food. You wait for 10 minutes and you get a freshly made pizza!
4	omg literally extra star for being open 24/7 and being tolerable to my obnoxious starving drunk ass whining about being hungrrrrryyyyyyy ):so after surrender, i really really wanted to try grande cafe lux or whatever in the Venetian, but my friend who i was dragging around did not want to sit in a restaurant because it was like... 5am (.....blame the taxi line out of Encore). and i also wanted eggs (why? i have no idea). and he dragged MY ASS to this place instead and they had this 4 items for $10 special. We got the french toast, eggs, sausage and quiche! The employees could have loaded up a bigger portion,,, so skimpy -______- But the french toast was MEH, the eggs were pretty bland but the sausages and quiche was really good!!! and not because i was drunk either! LOL the sausages had this different taste to it and the quiche had spinach and it was all toasty and flakey. YUM! the 2nd time i came here, i was pretty drunk from TAO Beach, so my other friend cheered for pizza so we came here. omggggggg their pizza is to die for. The slice portion is average for the price... but pizza still super delicious. they dont skimp on mushrooms, sauce, sausages, cheese... etc. the crust is also awesome, not cold or hard like some places! We were munching on them waiting for our valet parking, but we loved teh pizza so much we went back for more!
3	Venetian food court, just off the main casino floor.  Pre-made, lots of topping choices went w/ 1 each of cheese and Pep.  Tossed in da oven when ordered. New York style - thin crisp bottom, light sauce, plenty of cheese, fold, chew, repeat.  Perfect carb pickup to keep drinking and gambling!!
3	There is not much to say because it was nothing special at all. We were in a hurry for lunch and this was the least crowded place in the Venetian food court. It wasn't bad but it was just average pizza, cut in smaller pieces then I am used to, for more money then I should have paid.Again it wasn't bad, there just wasn't anything that stood out about it.
1	So this is some of the worst Italian food I've ever had.  I ordered eggplant parmigiana and it didn't even vaguely resemble the dish.  It was so disgusting that I am taking time out of my otherwise stellar Vegas vacation to write about it.  I realize that this is a 24-hour food court, but I expect more for $14, especially considering that my pasta last night at Grand Lux Cafe was $16.
1	Very rude staff. Sandra at the cashier doesn't want ppl to pay with cash because she doesn't want to count change. So she decided to cuss my wife out for paying with a $20 and some coins. Avoid this business. Thy charge you an additional 15% when using credit cards and they cuss you out when you pay with cash and coins. Ridiculous. And they yelled at us for wanting to call security on us. Strange business policy.
1	Just got verbally harassed by the cashier Sandra who refused to take my change and resorted to yelling at me for wanting to use coins and bills for my payment. The food was way below average and this poor service definitely makes this a place I will not return. Enjoy your vacation and do not go into this place for poor service and below average food.
4	It's a 24 hour food court pizzeria but I'm rounding up to 4 stars because it's the cheapest option in Venetian and the staff is friendly.I wish I had taken a picture of the grease. I literally had to use 6-8 napkins per slice to get even some of the grease off the top of the slice. It was great drunk food though. The prices on the ready made (assorted) pizza slices are reasonable $5-$6 range. The slice filled me up for at least half the day. Lots of restaurants in Venetian are over hyped so if you just want something cheap grab a slice here and save your money for gambling.
