5	Fantastic place.Nice people, great service, especially from head dentist Dr. Dachs.
5	Dr. Dachs and everyone at Thompson Peak Family Dental rock!They are top-notch.I give them an unconditional recommendation.
5	Dr. Dachs and his staff are the best!! I've been going to Thompson Peak for about 5 years now and have never had anything but a 5-star experience (and that's saying a lot for a visit to the dentist!!). Before seeing Dr. Dachs, I hadn't been to a dentist for a couple of years and had tried a different dental office each time I mustered the guts to go. I never went back to the others, because they always seemed to make me feel as if I didn't floss well/often enough (something I honestly do daily!!) or inferior in some other way. I just always seemed to leave the dentist feeling bad. But no more. From my first visit to Thompson Peak Family Dental, I knew they were different. Diana, my hygienist-- you always get to see the same one each time you go-- made me feel instantly at ease. She's friendly, nice and honest about my care. Dr. Dachs is awesome too. He actually spends more than a minute and a half with you going over your care. In addition, I chipped a tooth a few years ago (Damn you Ben and Jerry's Chunky Monkey walnuts!), and when I called their office in the morning, they fit me right in the same morning for a temporary, and Dr. Dachs was able to save me the time, money and pain of a crown by rebuilding the broken area with filling material. It's been holding for about 2-3 years with no problems so far!! They really are the best!
5	Dr. Dachs and Diana, my hygienist were phenomenal. This was the first time I have been to a dentist since like, 2003 so I was terrified that I would have a cavity in every tooth... OR, just like Laura M (below) I would feel like total crap since I do not floss after every meal.. or even every day... So, although Dr. Dachs and Diana were simply amazing, the front desk girl...didn't bother getting her name... (curly red hair), was not exactly friendly. I walked in smiling to the office and she was NOT pleasant nor inviting. She provided a bland greeting, then said: "Your name?"... "Fill out this this, and this"... Ummm, really?Not to sound like a diva, but customer service is VERY important to me, and this girl didn't give me a good first impression of the dental facility.  Seriously, I don't care if you're having a bad day, if you work the "front line" for a business and want to keep a positive reputation, you need to fit the criteria and provide excellent customer care.I completely recommend this place to everyone. Dr. Dachs and Diana were extremely professional, very pleasant, thorough, and didn't mind answering my endless dental inquiries. Learning that I had no cavities after FOUR years of eating chocolate regularly was a delight as well. :)
1	This place actually gets 0 stars. Front desk was unfriendly when I made my appt. Then the day I had a scheduled appt. I called for their location( because it was my first time there) and I was on hold for 10 min. The first time I called I waited 5 min. I hung up and called back. Before she put me on hold again I told the receptionist I was in the complex and just needed to know what direction to go. Her response back was I have another call you need to hold. I drove around for 5 min. and found the place. When I pulled up she came back on the phone. I told her I found it and she said oh ok. Not sorry you were on hold for so long or thank you for waiting. I then go in, start filling out my paperwork and a woman walks up to the desk to tell the other girl who she was talking too and adds "yeah and this lady kept calling and I kept telling her to hold"! I reply yes that was me! She looks at me and walks away. Are you serious you are talking about a patient in the patient waiting area. Who trained you on customer service. Obviously know one. I walked out. I refuse to give business to a co. that is so rude. Mind you I just moved here amd my fiance and I were going to be new patients. I will tell everyone I know  not to go there. While I was driving around for 10 min. on hold I found another dentist. Dr. Johnathen Koerperick who we have both gone to and his staff is wonderful the moment you walk in or call.  I guess it was a blessing in disguise.
5	Dr Dachs and team totally rock!  This is the best dentist I have ever had.  First of all, my hygienist is so nice.  She does a good job of encouraging good habits without being a total floss-Nazi (which I can't stand)!  Then there is Dr. Dachs.  He has done a filling for me and it was the most painless shot/drilling I have ever experienced.  The other think I really like about this Dentist is that they aren't always up-selling everything.  I went to another dentist in Scottsdale and I swear that every time I was in there they were trying to up sell me on something.  Not appropriate if you ask me.
5	Yelp definitely did not lead me astray. I just came back from the best dental visit I've had in my entire 29 years of existence. Okay, yes, I will explain.I've had several horrible dentist experiences that I don't even want to relive enough to recount here. I've also only ever had two cavity fillings and one root canal my entire life. No braces, no retainer... nothing. Yet every dentist visit I would leave in tears after being told how horrible my teeth are or some other crazy remark that I needed thousands of dollars in additional work done. I'd also leave crying from the pain of having my pretty much perfect teeth cleaned.Having been in the area a year now, I figured it was time to head to the dentist. I searched and asked everyone for recommendations. It wasn't the distance from my house that mattered as much as the amazing care and treatment I would receive. After reading the other yelp reviews, I headed to Thompson Peak.From the moment I got in, I was not disappointed. The hygienist I saw, Valerie (I really hope that's right) was amazing. She told me right up front that she could tell it had been awhile but yet I never felt a thing. I've never had such a painless cleaning in my entire life. Honest truth. Dr. Dachs was equally as incredible. He was conversational in a good way rather than that awkward what do you say to someone when you're touching their teeth way or that I'm going to ask you a question while you can't talk way. I was told my teeth look good and wasn't left to feel bad for some random reason I won't be able to recall. Fantastic fantastic fantastic. I can honestly say I will go back to the dentist in 6 months and probably for the first time in 29 years, not walk in worried and paranoid. I will actually be able to relax.
5	I HATE and I do mean HATE going to the dentist. However Dr. Dachs and his team always makes my visit a pleasant one. I always see Dr. Chris who I swear is not old enough to be a dentist, but he does an excellent job. The entire staff from the receptionist to the hygienist, to the Dr's. have all been very wonderful and patient with a wimp like me. They are always honest and upfront about every procedure that I have had or may need which hasn't been much (thank goodness). So if you are looking for a great dentist office, go and check out them out. You will be pleasantly surprised!
4	Good dentist are hard to find, but even harder is to find a good dentist with a good staff! Dr. Dachs is family oriented, kind, and very professional. His staff is soo friendly and their office is not too flashy but really nice. I have been going to this office for the past 5 years and have not been disatisfied once! Scheduling can be very flexible because if you need to come in earlier than your scheduled appointment, they may either squeeze you in or call you when there is an earlier opening! Their goal is for you to have a great smile and happy teeth. I love their little gift they provide after a clean up too!If you're new to the erea and looking for a family dentist... go see Thompson Peak Dental!
5	I had an awesome experience here and highly recommend Dr. Dachs. He is here to be a good dentist, not just to get rich. His hygienist was a rock star: So nice and very gentle. I nearly fell asleep during the cleaning.I found my way to this practice after a horrible experience at another dentist just half a mile away (see my review of Belmont Dentistry on Raintree). Dr. Dachs was just so helpful and reassuring while still maintaining a very high level of professionalism. I am very thankful that my "second opinion" quest led me to him. I now finally have a top-quality dentist in Scottsdale I can trust!I definitely recommend selecting this practice. It may take a little time to get in, but it's worth it. They also work well with insurance.
5	I still HATE going to the dentist, but I do enjoy the service I receive at Thompson Peak Family Dental. All the hygienist are great but today I received the best cleaning every from Deena (sp?) My teeth seem extra shiny/white and she worked her magic for almost an hour to make my pearly whites pearly lol. The bad news in all of this is that I do have a cavity :( Oh well. I enjoy going to see Dr. Dachs' and will continue to do so. I mean as much as I hate going to the dentist at least I go to the best!
3	6/8/11Took a bite of my Wholly Grill pork bbq and off came my crown cap.  Finished breakfast (yep, I had pork bbq for brekky- what are you gonna do about it?), and then looked up Ebony K.'s recommendation of a nearby dentist and called Thompson Peak Family Dental.  I mentioned my lost crown, my being a new patient, and could I also set up an appointment for a dental cleaning?  While the next opening for a cleaning wouldn't be in July, I'd have to wait till Monday for the recementing of the crown, since Dr. Dachs "is going on vacation."  However, after a minute or two of speaking w/ the rep on the phone, I was able to secure a same-day appointment!Dr. Dachs seemed friendly and open to conversation (he and his two kids are going to visit a national park!).  He worked quickly to prep the crown for recementing.  I was on that chair for less than 10 minutes!  (Well, OK, maybe slightly longer than that, since we chatted for a few minutes on his taking his kiddies off to their first nat'l park excursion.)I noticed a wi-fi decal on a nearby clinic door as I headed to the dental clinic, so I asked the front desk if they offered free wi-fi, too, and they were very gracious to offer the password w/o much begging from me.  Just a simple query, and I was able to check my messages and do a check-in update  via Yelp!  :)  Thank you, TPFD, for a hassle-free first visit!
1	I saw good review on yalp so I visited Dr. Dachs.Instead of crown he filled my tooth. The pain last. I visited doctor again  and he took x-ray.he said it look fine but it was the big filling so I may feel pain foe a while to recover.After 6 month I was in pain ,3rd visit to Dr.Dachs.He took x-ray and it was fine.He asked me use SENSODYNE.Well ,Dr. Dachs I' went to different dentist.You've missed crack on my tooth.I have to get root canal and new crown.No wonder SENSODYNE won't work.If you dentist can not fix tooth pain and ask you to use Sensodyne.DO NOT TRUST YOUR DENTIST..
2	Based on a friend's recommendation & the reviews here, I had high expectations for my first visit to see Dr. Dachs for a cleaning, exam, etc.  First of all, I would like to compliment on doing a good job of cleaning my teeth.  However, I was highly disappointed by the very brief, cursory exam done by Dr. Dachs.  Although he seemed very nice nice, he barely looked at my teeth & gums and did not do an exam for oral cancer, even though he said that he did.  He was overpriced for what he did & I will not return nor recommend his practice to anyone.
5	I've had some pretty horrible experiences at the dentist... I won't go into detail but I have mild PTSD over it. So when I found Dachs, I was in heaven. It's true that he's not very chatty, and he does his job quickly. If you have questions, be assertive and ask. He will take all the time in the world with you if you want to talk about something. His staff is friendly, professional, and punctual. I love, love, love, LOVE my hygienist! She is so gentle and I've never had my gums bleed or any other discomfort as a result of my visits. She takes her time and cleans up after herself, never leaving my slobber on my chin or sand in between my teeth. I could not recommend this office more highly! It's obvious why they won best Dentist in Phoenix!
5	Sage advice isn't exactly my calling unless we're talking about how to remove a bottle cap from a Corona bottle with your teeth....then you're in MY wheelhouse."Firmly bite down on the edge of the cap with your rear molars, but don't try to pry it off, not unless you want to break a tooth. Instead, bite down firmly, then  simply lift the bottle toward your cheek and voila, you're a human church key."I've spewed this wisdom for years, and now, here I sit with one missing molar and another in need of a tug. Go figure.Dr. Daches, much to my chagrin does not do implants, but he did recommend the same guy he sent his daughter to.Diane, my hygienist has to be one of the happiest people I've ever met. She routinely hummed a beautiful melody throughout my cleaning, and the funny thing was how no music was playing in the office...only her. At one point, I felt like a swarm of bluebirds were about to swoop in and assist her, like  a scene from a Disney movie or something.I enjoyed my brief visit with Diane and the doctor. Diane actually gave me hope once again.....That the world isn't such a bad place after all.That some people are truly happy.And, that with a little practice using an actual bottle opener, molars #17 and #18 might have a happier ending than did their counterparts, #31 and #32.Disclaimer: Routinely popping off bottle caps is in direct conflict with the ADA's guidelines for proper care and maintenance of your teeth. I strongly urge you not to try this. It took years of practice and all it got me was a date with an implant specialist. That and a lot of scolding by my wife.
5	Dr. Dachs is the best!  I've been going there for three years.  He has a very conservative approach.  The dentist I went to before him had a laundry list of work to be done on my teeth.   Dr. Dachs didn't see the need for any of it.  This is not to say I haven't had to have work done, I have, however, it was done when it was necessary.  Love my dental hygienist.  She is always very positive.
5	I've been coming here for about 4 years. The techs do a WONDERFUL job of cleaning :) No poking or prodding, very gentle. I just had an appt this morning and I almost fell asleep in the chair, it's kinda like a spa treatment for the mouth. ^.^Dr. Dachs is very friendly and professional and that fresh mouth "just from the dentist" feeling can't be beat! :D
5	I broke my molar and was having severe pain in other teeth near the problem tooth. A family member recommended this office. This was on short notice and at end of the business day. The office told me to come in right away. I filled out a short form and had an x-ray taken and seen quickly. The staff is polite and nice and the Dentist was professional and honest. Thank you very much.
5	I've been coming here for over 12 years--from the time I was in elementary school until after I graduated college. Dr. Dachs has guided me through many dental milestones, eg., braces, wisdom teeth extraction. I love Thompson Peak Family Dentistry. The staff is warm and welcoming and Dr. Dachs is gentle and kind to his patients. As a child, I remembered how I was pleasantly surprised how painless getting my cavity filled was, and to this day believe that Dr. Dachs is an exceptional dentist! Would recommend to all my friends.
