5	Great show for people 18+. First show seen in Vegas so hard to compare but will be hard to beat. Bought the tickets at the tickets for less booth for 80 bucks and got balcony seats. I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.
5	The venue is small so most seating would be considered "good" seats. The most expensive tickets are right up next to the stage and the performers regularly interact with the audience so those with better tickets are more likely to get to participate. This show is definitely 18+ and it explores human sexuality in all it's forms. This is not good for any super conservative folks out there. The show itself is really breathtaking and the stunts definitely live up to the Circ de Soleil reputation. I definitely recommend!
4	This was a great show it had some very talented acts and some very funny acts too. I bought the tickets 50% off  through Travel zoo worth the price it made for a great date night.  The show is not for the conservative at heart many of the jokes are suggestive and racey. My husband and I enjoyed and would recommend it to others.
5	Excellent show! Super excited to finally see Zumanity, and sooooo happy it lived up to the hype and hoopla.The theatre is amazingly mysterious and sensual itself. Smooth lines in the handrail, stage, and moving orchestra 'pit'.... Where even the band was in bondage leather! Some of the sexy cast is in the lobby for photo ops pre show. Delicious!The show is campy and burlesque and comedy, just the right amount to warranty the 18+ age requirement.The acrobatics were wonderful. The fit and muscle bodies of each and (almost) every cast member were a sweet sight for the fitness fanatic in me. I admire the strength, flow, and disciplined finesse of each move! Beauty in each move, and precision anybody can dig! Heck, I wanna marry half the cast right now!Just a bit of a warning... It's like a comedy review, so if you don't wanna find yourself in the spotlight or on stage as Eddys 'pet', don't sit in the front rows!  Ha!But do run, don't walk, to this show....and make sure it's with a loved one, cuz that muscle sensuality is just the appetizer, if you know what I mean.....
5	Fantastic show and an amazing staff. Our seats were directly behind a couple disruptive, inebriated men. The staff quickly recognized this and moved us to another section. A much better section! I'll definitely come back to see this show time and again!
5	Sensual! Sexual! Boobs!It's definitely a show for ADULTS who aren't afraid of sensual performances. They also call up audiences to stage to participate and it's very touchy feel!I had a great time and took advantage of the Cirque anniversary discount of buy 1, get the 2nd for $10, but would have preferred more center and even upstairs, as most of the show is front center stage.Limited acrobatics here, similar to how Beatles Love concentrated on the songs over showy acrobatics. It's best if you're open minded as they're exploring sensuality of not just straight but gay, and the beauty of all human relationships.
2	I have seen other cirque de sole shows and this was not cirque de sole. We did not enjoy it at all. The acts were nothing special and it was not a show. Save your money and go see a real show. The O or The Beatles were amazing. I didn't mind the nudity it just wasn't a show that impressed me. Save your money!!!!
5	WOW.. what a GREAT show. NOT for kids!! Would for sure see it again. All seats are pretty good.. Next time I would get seats more in the middle section in front of the stage. However, there is so much going on all over the stage and theatre that all seats are pretty good. If you are a  prude.. PLEASE do NOT go to this show.. lots of boobies, dildos and sexual. The nice part is.. they use real people with real bodies in the show.. no plastic, fake boobs, super skinny people... Everyday bodies.
2	If you have seen other Cirque du Soleil show and watch this show you will be disappointed.  It wasn't as entertaining as a true Cirque du Soleil show.  Please save your money go across the street and watch KA or next door Zarkana. Save your money, save your money, did I say save your money.  This show did not live up to the standard set by KA, Mystere, Zarkana, Love, Zarkana, O, etc...
1	PI believe I am a show time aficionado. This was so boring. Have been to every show on strip. Yawn won't go again.
2	This was probably the worst Cirque de Soleil I have seen and I have seen all of them except Zarkana.  The whole  show consists of embarrassing some guests and some tired comedy.  The actor on the silks is the best part of the show.  There is this one part that is supposed to simulate bondage and they play a cheesy soundtrack of an orgasm in the background.  What is the deal with the guy who runs around the stage with the big flowing capes?  Is it supposed to be a transition?  Pardon me...what exactly do you do in the show?  I run across the stage and flutter my arms like a butterfly...Later on I get to put on a chrome strap on.May I ask....how much does that pay?   A good thing the tickets were free or I would have been peeved.
4	What a fun theater to be at! My friends and I had a great time watching Zumanity. It was a funny, sexy, and interactive show. I loved how the cast interacts with their audience. This is the first show that I've ever watched in Vegas so I don't have much to compare to. It definitely is a show for the open minded because it is a show full of sexuality.
4	I took my gf for her birthday bc I knew it was racy show and wanted to surprise her. I was completely satisfied. It was not exactly what I expected. It was more interactive and much more nudity than we thought but it was tastefully done. Not sure I would recommend to conservative folks and it's definitely not like "love" or "ka" both of which we have also seen. But it's still a great performance.
4	I love burlesque shows.  I also love Cirque shows. I was so happy to get to see this one.  This is one show that is not for kids.Zumanity starts off with a pre-show as people are taking their seats.  The players come out and start interacting with the audience.  Some of it ranges from talking to us in general to actually singling people out.  It is funny and entertaining.Zumanity features traditional Cirque acts.  The difference is sexuality and nudity is thrown is.  Like any other Cirque show the athleticism and skill of these performers is amazing.I really enjoyed this show.  If you are in Vegas looking for an adult show I recommend this one.
4	You best have an open mind if your going to come to this show, and preferably with your significant other or a friend your comfortable with. Zumanity explores the many sides of sensuality. Including gay, lesbian, interracial, kinky, S&M, menage trois, bestiality, pole dancing, and much more. They mainly have two set of hosts, an married couple with an open relationship, which are very funny and interact allot with the audience. The second one is a transvestite, as well very funny. If you are sitting close to the stage be prepared to be picked on. They do have a least 4 people come up on stage, or they might even come down to you, shine the spotlight on you and tease you right from your seat. You must at least 18 or older to attend the show, they also do use a lot of curse words, so just be ready for it. Just lay back and try to not let it get awkward, it might be at first but the humor helps you all loosen up.Tickets start from $69, $89, $109, & $125 , plus tax and service fee per ticket.
