3	Manicure, pedicure, massage...  Charles Grayson is a great place for Girls Day Out.  My manis and pedis have been really good, and the massage was awesome (I needed it badly).  This location also does hair, make-up, waxing, facials and they have spa packages.  They have products for sale as well.   Also - spa services for your man!This location is in the trendy SouthPark area of Charlotte, so of course the prices reflect the fact that these guys are paying SouthPark commercial rent.  Don't expect to get in here on the weekend without an appointment -- and be ready to part with some serious cash.
3	I hate waxing - it hurts like hell... but at Charles Grayson they do a very professional job and it lasts for a while.  This is the only place I go when it's time for a bikini wax. The facility is really nice & very clean and the service is good.
2	I scheduled a pedicure for my friend and I this past Saturday.  We were taken back to our appointment on time and they were great about accommodating my request that my friend and I be seated together.  However, for a 30 minute $35 pedicure, I would just rather go to the mall and spend $10 less.  Neither of our massage chairs worked and while the technicians were nice, they didn't seem to care about trying to get them working. The response was, "Oh we got those from another salon. We don't normally work in this room so we have no idea how those work."  Also, the foot massage/foot file, etc. portion was very short.  There was just nothing special about the appointment that makes a pedicure so relaxing or fun.  Everyone was nice enough and the spa was clean, but I doubt I'll go back.  It just wasn't anything special to spend the extra $ for.
4	If you're looking for that extra special care and professional touch for your facial needs, Charles Grayson Salon & Spa in Morrison Blvd is the place. Kathleen is my best beautician not just because of her professionalism and excellent service, but her warm and pleasant personality makes the 1-hour visit worth it. The products they use are all top quality. The facility is so clean and top notch. The staff are also amazing, they greet you by your name and are always with a smile on their faces, so awesome. If you want your face to thank you, Charles Grayson is the place. Love this place!!!
