1	In the midst of my examination, Dr. Ong's cell phone, which was in his pocket, rang quite loudly. He took his phone out of his pocket, looked at the screen on the phone and he actually answered the call! He said, "Excuse me, but I need to take this call." To say that I was shocked and insulted is an understatement. After about four minutes, he came back into the exam room, apologizing for taking the call, and completed my exam. Dr. Ong suggested that I might need surgery. One thing is for sure, if I do need surgery, Dr. Ong won't be performing it. I shudder to think of what could happen if he gets a call in the operating room as he made it very clear what his priorities are. If you want your doctor's undivided attention, as it should be, go some where else.
1	I was in and out of the exam and treatment in less than 20 minutes, of which Ong spent ~4 minutes on a cell phone call he received during my exam. The mailed invoice I received contained three line items. After speaking with Julia, a billing clerk in Ong's office, she clarified that the $172 line item was the fee for injecting a shot. I've never heard of a physician charging a fee on top of the office visit fee for injecting a shot. After complaining that this practice and amount is extortion. Julia curtly told me that Ong's practice is "appropriate" and then she hung up on me. Ong, his staff  and his practices are unprofessional. Get a second job before you visit this office or, at least get the fees up front so that you know how much of a loan you need to apply for.
5	Amazing doctor! I came for a knee injury after a fall while skiing. Dr. Ong examined, explained, answered questions....... I tore my ACL as a result of the fall and underwent surgery. My knee is as good as new!  After speaking to several other health professionals, I come to find out that he is very well regarded by his peers. He is well trained and as ethical as they come. Also, his staff truly goes above and beyond. What a breath of fresh air!  Dr. Ong's office is truly the best.
1	I had my knee replaced in 2012  . And now in 2014  I have  to nave my knee replaced again. Needless to say  please stay away from  him his office and the worst hospital in the United States  Summerlin hospital .. They go good together the worst of booth
2	The front desk person is  grouchy she doesn't smile or acknowledge you.  People here need surgery and they have to stand.  She doesn't even try to acknowledge how tough it is for people  Dr. Ong's skills are rated high.  If his wife is working the front desk, it would be rated a 4.  Still a long wait for standing room only.
5	My experience with Dr Ong has been wonderful .He fixed both shoulders and my knee. Has excellent bedside manner,very professional. I would Highly Recommend Dr Ong
5	Doctor was recommended by a friend. Went in with a hurt knee, Doctor gave many options and walked me through all the work until eventual surgery for a torn meniscus. Staff is helpful, and Doctor did a great job. Had a wonderful recovery. Would highly reccomend
