4	Another old establishment that has changed hands but continues on. It is more contemporary with premium micro brews on-tap. The crowd is much younger and hipper. There are no video poker machines, which makes it feel much more like a place to grab a pint and chat. The music is cool, and not too loud.I finally have a decent local pub in my hood.
4	A great addition to the Hen House. Just the right kind of atmosphere for someone who enjoys a decent dive bar with a touch of industrial class. Not too pretentious and the music is great. Great beers on tap and great service. A definite haunt.
4	If your in Saint Henri and you can't seem to find a nice bar to go to this is a great neighborhood bar that will not disappoint. Recently under new ownership Bar de Courcelles has been remodeled but has kept its woodsy cabane a sucre casual feel.Be careful what time of night you pop by, you might find yourself in a hoping hipster filled dive bar. Fun but it depends what you want out of your night. Great addition to Saint Henri.
4	A good bar in an unexpected part of town. They're open until 3am, which is good to know when you're completely parched and in need of a drink late at night.The mixed drinks are solid (my personal favourite is a negroni, and they do a good one), and they have a bunch of beer on tap, including a house ale and larger.They do a solid charcuterie plate, which I would recommend if you're a bit hungry - it's usually enough to share between 2-3 people, and the ingredients are good (very meaty, as all charcuterie plates should be). They play the Habs games on a big screen, so keep it in mind if you're looking for a place to watch the game.
4	Cool ambiance really liked the vibe. However, was very disappointed by the house blonde beer. Reminded me too much of coors light.
4	This is a fun place in St. Henri but it's a bit far up Notre Dame. Nice mix of both English and French people hang here. It's pretty casual and dark like I like. Interesting DJ music most nights. Bar stays quietish on weekdays till about 11 - then it starts to fill up and get pretty loud. Nice casual place to hang out.
4	Location: Far on Notre-Dame West. The closest subway is (I think) St. Henri. The place: Totally unpretentious and super casual, just the way I like it. It was pretty dead when we went, but then, it was only 4:30. I guess the rest of Montreal starts boozing later than we do. The music is kickass awesome. AWESOME! Some old-school alternative, some Tom Waits, some urban electro. I. LOVE. IT. Music is a big factor in whether or not I will frequent a place - Bar de Courcelles was a total hit for me. They also show the game, for all you HABs fan. According to fellow Yelper Marko, this place really packs it in late in the evening, so if you're not feeling a crowded space, just go early and leave before 11pm.Service: Can't really say because I only got a glass of water. The waiter/bartender was pretty cool and didn't have any issues with me not ordering anything. Bonus? Free nuts. Yum.I say go for it. It's the kind of place you want to be in while a winter storm rages outside. Freezing cold out there, warm and cozy in here.
4	Had a great time sharing photo tips with the Montreal yelp gang! Bar De Courcelles is a super chill-decored place that's usually very crowded late at night. This time we were there in the day and had the place to ourselves - way cool!
4	Great bar, really, with a mix of live shows and good music played by multi-tasking bartenders ipod djing. Solid cocktails and whisky list, warm wood and mellow lighting, flavoured and roasted nuts in cute mason jars for snacks. Kinda cowboy friendly hipster if I had to categorize it, and though it's lovely for a quiet drink in the early evening shit gets crazy here later, mostly because it's kind of the only decent bar in the area.
5	An "old brasserie"-style bar in the Saint-Henri hood, it have gained a serious 'hispter/young' crowd in the last few years. While they do offer the "classic brasserie" beer (50), they have a nice variety - albeit small - of lagers that will keep your mouth happy. Or if beer ain't your type, their cocktails are really interesting: I highly recommend the 'Dark 'N Stormy' (Saint-James brun, Lime, Ginger beer).If you want to grab a bite, they got you covered with the usual pub food: paninis, chili or chips.The noise can get a bit noisy on week-end nights, so don't expect a lot of conversation after 10pm. But otherwise, they have an interesting scene life with band nights, and other cool activities.A place I like to hang out a lot in my part of town!
5	good vibe, always friendly people- lively conversation & excellent service. music is the best of bar music- singalongs happen here.
4	Twas real
