1	I've been in some perfectly nice Smith's locations, but I'll never go in this one again!  What a crappy shopping experience.  The place is cavernous, almost like a Wal-Mart, because it's a grocery and drug store in one.  Hard to find anything, and the store is laid out weirdly.  It's also designed and decorated badly- not an aesthetically pleasing grocery store at all!!  Warehouse-y.  Harsh and bad lighting.  Super crowded, mainly with annoying kids and families.  And you have to wait forever in line because they only have 2 regular checkstands, the rest are scan-it-yourself lanes (I buy WAY too much produce to deal with weighing each item myself).  Also, their prices seemed high.  Even though this place is right by my house, I'll drive the extra 15 mins to go to Sunflower or Trader Joe's, or at least the nice Vons on Lake Mead and Buffalo!  No excuse for poor design- they can afford to do better.
3	This is my local grocery store, but it's at a difficult corner to access--two busy roads make left turns and waiting frustrating at times. And it's true that it gets wild at dinner time with all the families with hungry kids cranky, tired and in need of a meal. But the staff is lovely, very helpful, and will go out of their way to help you find items you cannot find on your own. It has been remodeled this past year, so it really is easier now to navigate and laid out more like the other Smith's in the area.
5	Wonderful employees
4	Competitive prices and prime location. The gas prices are cheap, the pharmacy is nice, and it is easy to get in and out real quick.
5	Great staff!!! My 3yr old daughter loves getting Smith's stickers when we check-out. I love that it is always clean and stocked.
2	I've been going to this smiths for years now, and been waiting for the day that I get a nice customer service person. I shop at smiths for all of my grocery shopping because of the great deals and coupons. I use smiths for everything from the pharmacy to deli to bakery, but I have the hardest time with this store when it comes to service. I am a very happy and bubbly person, but every time I check out I get a cashier that looks like they are miserable, I rarely even get a hello here, it's basically unload your groceries and pay and get out. I normally drive all the way to the aliante store even though its farther but the people there are always so nice and helpful. Also I ordered some cupcakes for my daughters birthday on Saturday, then when my brother in law went to check on the order, they told him he would have to pay for them. He told them it was taken care of already but they said no,we went back with the receipt and use enough, the girl just didn't feel like looking, I had provided my own cake toppers as well and the receipt was in with them. Plus when I was ordering the cupcakes I had a young guy help me who want helpful at all, didn't really answer any of my questions, said I would have to come in the next day and speak with someone else, when I asked him if I could at least put the order in, he said ya but you have to pay for it now.However the pharmacy here is great, always nice and helpful, and fast with prescriptions. I might have to drive to the aliante store for now on for decent customer service
1	Expired food is my major concern with this store... It's either expired or less than 1 month away to expire. I love the friendliness of the staff but the quality is horrible.
3	This Smith's is a really awkward drive, and it gets even more awkward as you enter the parking lot because the 'driveway' is really curvy. Inside, there is overpriced items and the walking space is not very open. There are too many kids running around the parking lot. The best thing about this place is that there is a red box inside the door!
4	The self check-out lanes were open and they had cashiers. I thought I, might find a better selection of the items I needed at Albertsons but kicked myself after because I was wrong SMS didn't want to bother returning....
4	This is where I shop for most of my groceries, so I figured, why not tell folks about it?This Smith's is really wonderful. I've never been to a grocery store where the staff go OUT of their way to help in any way they can. I haven't seen one grumpy or sullen employee yet.The store is ultra-clean, and carries almost everything I need. There is a huge selection of wine at extremely reasonable prices!There are consistently competitive prices on everything in the store, and sometimes the sales are beyond expectations.Join Smith's frequent shopper program! Not only do you get great in-store card only deals, for every dollar you spend on groceries, you receive points that go towards gasoline discounts. Every $100 spent gains you a 10 cent discount per gallon of fuel. A nice little perk to get discounted gas when you have to buy groceries anyhow!
3	I do a lot of shopping here and it's the competitive prices and coupon friendliness that keeps me a loyal customer. This Smiths generally carries everything I need- my only complaint is that they don't have as wide a selection of refrigerated vegetarian "meats" as other stores. I love that Smith's gives you rewards points from buying groceries with your loyalty card to save money on gas. You can rack up points faster by bringing in recyclable bags. As a clipper of paper coupons, Smith's website is fantastic because it lets you load digital coupons to your loyalty card. Their app comes in handy, too. My favorite part of being a Smith's customer is that they mail me personalized coupons based on what I purchase the most frequently. The store is very clean and generally well stocked.  It's not as new and shiny as other locations,  but it gets the job done.
1	This is my main grocery store, live right across the street... But I hate coming here, I always have a problem with the produce dept due to expired food and then the buy 5 save 5 never labeled correctly so discounts doesn't apply at checkout.The only thing I like about Smiths is that they offer rewards to give you cheaper gas price. But other than that, I do not like this specific store.
