4	Bedside Manor is a beautiful store in the South Park area of Charlotte. You walk in and are immediately enveloped in the fresh scent of candles burning all around the store. This is the kind of place that you will just enjoy walking around, even if you have no intention to buy but have some time to kill. The bedding is beautiful and luxurious (and of course expensive), and they also have gorgeous home decor and tabletop gift items. The furniture placed around the store is for sale also, and the employees there are more than happy to help you browse around. Great place to shop!
4	Bedside Manor is a fantastic bedding store, conveniently located across from SouthPark Mall.  They are most well known for their beautiful, upscale bedding.  They also sell small gift items such as candles and they have nice home decor items too.  I highly recommend checking them out.  They are at Specialty Shops on the Park, close to Bricktops restaurant and Williams Sonoma.  :-)
4	Bedside manor is my kind of shop! I have a weakness for beautiful linens, bedding and candles, and this luxurious store has plenty to choose from, it's easy to spend a while in there just browsing and discovering all of their top-of-the-line products. Perfect location for their atmosphere in the Specialty Shops at Southpark. I'd highly recommend checking it out!
5	I had a wonderful experience at Bedside Manor.  New to Charlotte and in need of new bed linens I decided to step up and buy quality sheets after years of buying the best I could find at discount stores or department store sales, and never being completely satisfied.  The staff was fantastic and knowledgable, I felt very welcome.   After giving the sales person my budget and what I was looking for, she showed me a few different options to chose from.  I am so pleased with what bought!  In addition, the sheets I chose were under budget, so I found towels on the sale table that were so soft I could not resist.  They are just heavenly!  I will never buy bed or bath linens any where else!
5	Beautiful bedding, lots of gift items in range of prices. Knowledgeable sales people!
