5	Best donuts I've ever had.  Way better than Dunkin' Donuts or Krispy Kremes.I'm not an expert on donut prices, but I always feel like I'm getting a good deal.The staff is amazing, very nice and polite.  Always generous and occasionally gives me an extra donut for free. Would highly recommend
5	Ditch the corporate joints and help these guys out. Just a low key mom and pop place making good doughnuts. Always light, fluffy, and fresh. I prefer them over ronalds any day. Very nice people working here.
5	Yummmmmy soft..chewy..sweet..fresh donuts=p
4	Breakfast guilty pleasure :)
4	Dee's Donuts is the only place I will buy donuts in town. Period, zip. They are fresh, delicious and unique in flavor and always served with a friendly face. Any time I am in the Southwest and my sweet tooth kicks in to full effect this is where you can find me. My donut drug of choice is the cake donut with rainbow sprinkles. Something about the sprinkles takes me back to when I wore pigtails and had no cares in the world. Dee's Donuts is a MUST for all of you sugar addicts out there.
5	So far, best donuts I have ever had in Vegas!  Fresh, light crisp, tasty and  a total melt in your mouth experience.  They're open early, so I buy some for my group every once in awhile as a great morning treat.  They just love them!  I have had a few co workers ask me where I buy the donuts from because they are so good.  I especially love their old fashion chocolate donuts, chocolate donuts, and the glazed.  When you come in the morning, make sure you come early as the server is a bit slow because he packs the donuts in the box literally one by one.  But he gives you some donut holes for free, but not all the time so it is not consistent.But try this place if you are looking for quality donuts.  Yum!  I am craving one just thinking about i!
4	Saturday morning: 7:05am. Food Co-op basket in the car I headed towards Blue Diamond and Cimmaron only to discover that Dunkin Donuts was closed down. Well, I never was a real FAN of them anyways, it was all about proximity to my house and a drive through where I could wear my PJ's. A quick Yelp Mobile search revealed Dee's Donuts just up the road on Warm Springs and Durango. That's do-able (is that a word? it is now) I thought. PJ's and all I walked in around 7:20 am and ordered a dozen at the low price of $7.99. Maple bar, glazed twist, apple filled, lemon filled, old fashion, glazed old fashion, cherry frosted, chocolate cake, sugared. The gentleman working was very friendly and he even tossed in some holes for us. The car smelled amazing. It took all my strength not to eat them all in the car. A bite from each, do you think the family would have noticed? Luckily I restrained myself. Personally donut must be accompanied by milk so that was really saving those donuts in the car. When we got home we cut up a bunch so that we could sample a few different kinds without getting stuffed. WOW! Super great donuts. Fresh, fluffy (when they were supposed to be) P.E.R.F.E.C.T! You can bet we will be back to Dee's Donuts.
5	I was craving donuts and there was no Krispy Kreme nearby, so I decided to try Dee's because it was pretty close to my house.  I'm so glad I found this place because their donuts are cheap and delicious!  They are the light & fluffy type of donuts, not the dense, cake-like donuts. The place is small and the service is quick - my only complaint is that there isn't a drive thru (I have to put non-pajama clothes on so I can go in).  It's a must-try if you need a quick donut fix!
5	I'm giving this place a 5 because it is SO hard to find a good apple fritter in Vegas.
3	Someone from work always brings in a dozen donuts from Dee's Donuts in Centennial, which we like. So when I saw that there was a Dee's in the same shopping center that Mac Shack is in I told my daughter let's get our dessert there after we eat.....Well, sadly by the time we entered there weren't many donuts to choose from. So we just got some glazed donut holes and a few strawberry donuts. Both were good, I like that there are real strawberry bits in the strawberry glaze on the donut. I remember liking the chocolate cake donut as well....
4	Trusty yelp to the rescue.  Invited some of my best burly manfriends for a fun-filled day of moving!  I wanted to start the day off right with a sugary treat.Closest place to me was Dee's Donuts.  I popped in at 7:45.  Cute and tiny little joint.  Very clean.  Guy behind the counter was carefully organizing fresh donuts with gloved hands.  I ordered a dozen.  I told him to just give me variety.  He neatly stacked them in a pink box.  $8 for 12.  To be honest, I have no idea what a dozen donuts goes for...I can't say the last time I had a donut.  I'm more of a bagel kinda gal.  Regardless, I though $8 was reasonable.  I had a simple chocolate glazed one.  He really gave me a nice variety. I classic glazed, 1 chocolate, one pink with srpinkles, 1 with nuts, 1 fritter, 1 long maple 1 long something else.Everyone was really pleased.  They looked like they would be sooo sweet but actually light and scrumptious.  I'll go back to Dee's to feed hungry boys anytime.
5	Free holes with every order. I love Dee's
5	Dee's Donuts, how I love you so. The first time I tried this place was right after gorging on a huge bowl of pasta. Needless to say, I was already full. I bought a few to try and devoured all of them within minutes. The sad thing is that I was already home by the time I realized I wanted more. Every few days, I'd crave Dee's Donuts and yearn for their yummy fried goodness. Like an addict, I'd constantly think of them. After a month, I was able to finally satisfy my cravings. Dee's and I were reunited...The donuts are light and fluffy. When you bite into one for the first time, it's like a cloud: billowy and soft. This is what all donuts should strive to be.
5	Yummy in my tummy.I left my house earlier today to run some errands. A couple minutes later I realized I didn't eat breakfast, so naturally, I wanted a doughnut. I've been passing by this place since it opened and I've only been inside once with my mom, but that was a long time ago. I decided to stop by and grab a chocolate rainbow sprinkled doughnut and coffee. There were a couple people in front of me in line that seemed to be regulars by the way they were conversing.It was my turn and the guy at the counter gave me a big smile, asked how I was doing, and asked what he could get me. I looked at the selection, but they didn't have anymore choco rainbow sprinkled, so I got a plain glazed one instead with a small coffee. My total came out to $2.24. I told him I wanted creamer, so he left some space in my cup and handed me a small milk jug. I went over to one of the empty tables to enjoy my doughnut while freeloading off of Chicken Bonz wifi. Eating here made me reminisce on the days when I used to have doughnuts at the mom and pop doughnut shops in SoCal. It's actually quite hard to find a place like this in Vegas. The only other doughnut shop like this I can think of is Ronald's and this one is just as good; both 5 star shops in my reviews. The plain glazed doughnut was perfectly cooked; Crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. There were no flaws on the surface of the doughnut either. They really made sure to lay each doughnut out at a distance so they don't touch each other. In other words, this is one of those places where the actual product would look just like the picture.Verdict:Cheap, friendly, clean, delicious. TIPS:*Don't forget to read the signs on the let when you walk in. They have some specials listed on there, like 1 coffee and 2 doughnuts for $2.75. They had more, but that's the only one I really paid attention to after I already purchased my doughnut and coffee. *Bust out your Ipod/Laptop because you can get free wifi from Chicken Bonz or the Chiropractor next door in here ;)
5	When I am in need of the glazed buttermilk donut, I just have to make a detour to Dee's to get the fix.  Dee's Donuts shop is simple, small, but very clean.  Usually, only the owner is there but he is quick and efficient.  The prices are reasonable as well.  There are combos such as two donuts and a coffee for 2.95.  Aside from those fresh donuts, the shop sells crossaint (plain, ham and cheese, etc.).I bought two glazed buttermilk donuts for $1.78, and that fueled me for breakfast and an afternoon snack.  Was very satisfying...Aahhhh *a good sigh*...buttermilk donut...  I have to limit myself to two buttermilk donuts a month, but when it's the time again to treat myself, I will be heading over to Dee's Donuts!!!
5	quality donuts... you can taste the goodness SON$5 minimum for CC
4	As someone who needs a sweet closer to a meal, I'm always on the hunt for good desserts to bring to events. I had driven by this haven of dough a million times since I live nearby so I finally stopped in to try it. The place is quaint (read: super tiny) and clean. There is a good selection of all kinds of donuts, whether you're a plain jane or a frosting addict. I ordered a dozen assorted and I got my money's worth. I don't know if it was near closing or if I just looked hungry, the woman gave me probably 3 or 4 extra donuts of all shapes and sizes in my then busting open box. Really nice! They've also got beverages for your thirst, from coffee to soda. Pretty cheap, as most donut places are, and efficient service. They were a big hit at the event, a wild night of store inventory. As expected...this was the only dessert there! Good thing I stopped at Dee's!
4	They have yummy fresh donuts!  All kinds... Sugar, glazed, filled, sprinkles... my favorite- CLASSIC chocolate!  It's nothing like chain donut shops at all... the donuts are super fresh!They also  have breakfast sandwiches... fresh croissants... etc.  It's in a small plaza full of good stuff.  Mac Shack, Robertos..... chichen bonz [which I've never tried]  ... but anyway.... once you step away from these places and need something sweet...  why not hit up the best donut spot in vegas.  It seems like when you come later in the afternoon... there isn't very much to choose from... but then again, I've been semi early... and they run out fast.  I've read on other reviews that they give you some donut holes... and I only experienced this once.  So.... idk if it's a regular thing.  They are yummy though.  The fresher the better of course... but when I need a fix... this is the spot I will ALWAYS come to.  bring cash.. to use your cc you gotta buy 5.00 worth... BUT, you probably will so....
3	Just an average run-of-the-mill donut shop. Limited selection. Just basic donuts, nothing fancy. Donuts were fresh however and thats a plus. No croissants today and thats a big minus. Felt that the cream filled was lacking in flavor, but the devils food cake and the glazed had good flavor. This is not your "can die for" heavenly dream donut shop. Overall grade C. Would I return? If I was over on this side of town, yes.
2	Good donuts... no doubt about it, but the Guy behind the Counter has miserable customer service.  EVERYTIME I come in... this guy has a terrible attitude, and always makes my wife and I feel like he has to go out of his way to sell us something.   Sadly, I will never go back into his store again.  Makes a good product, but his customer service skills are terrible. No thanks - Dunkin Donuts across the street it is.
4	If up love home made doughnuts, this is the place for you. Despite visiting towards the end of the day, they still had quite a bit of options to chose from and the doughnut holes were moist, tasty and fluffy. Come and visit this place to satisfy your sweet tooth!
5	Great service and donuts!I love coming back. They are amazing people behind the counter. The lemon donuts are amazing.
5	Always fresh and not too sweet. They are made every morning. I make sure to stop by if I'm in the area.
3	Not bad.. definitely better than Winchelles.  Dee's did meet my expectations.  Seems like they make their Donuts the traditional "LA Cambodian Way".. crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside, slightly greasy, slightly tannic and full of sugar.  Minus two stars because the shop was not a "kick back and have breakfast here in the morning while you watch the news on TV or read it on the paper along with some senior fellas who like to talk about the news in the morning while they sip on their coffee and chew on that donut" kinda shop.  Dee's is very small with only a couple chairs, a limited selection of morning pastries and no TV for those who want to watch the morning news while sipping on a cup o coffee and chomping on a donut along with some senior fellas looking forward to do the same.. but again, donuts were good.
4	I dream about these donuts...mostly because the shop is about two minutes away from my house and I am a HUGE donut fanatic.  I must say that I do prefer the location over on Flamingo and Buffalo a little bit more simply for the fact that they have a wider selection.  This location has the basics, but even when I go early the variety is not huge.  This is still more than okay because the donuts are delicious and I can always get my hands on their tasty apple fritters and chocolate bars!  The gentleman who always works there is very polite and nice.  A half dozen will run you just a little over $5 and a dozen is about $9.50 (this all depends on if you get "specialty" donuts like apple fritters and cinnamon rolls).  Charges on debit/credit cards must be more than $5 or you need to pay cash.I think I need donuts for breakfast tomorrow.
3	Donuts were good, was expecting a  little better based on the reviews, Service was friendly and prompt!
5	Dee's glazed donuts are like a combination of Dunkin & Krispy. Like right in the middle. Not too sweet which is just perfect for me. Just thinking about it right now makes me want donuts.
4	I was craving ham and cheese croissants one day.  Back home in the OC most of the mom and pop donut places made them.  I decided to Google for some in the area and noticed this donut place near me.  I lived over here for 2yrs before I even saw this place.  I decided to stop by on my way to work one day and I have to say that they are pretty good.  Price is reasonable too.  Wish they were open late at night though.
5	Way I am mean WAY better than all the chains. Super fresh and possibly the best donuts I have ever had!!!!
4	Favorite donut shop in town.  Their donuts are always fluffy and wonderful!!  Not anything gormet, but when I want a donut its just that!
5	This is the only donut shop in Las Vegas that our family will go to - unless we have the seldom craving for Krispy Kreme. This is a family run business, much better than Dunkin'. The family who runs it is wonderful and always friendly to our children. We wouldn't dream of going anywhere else.
1	I attempted to check out this doughnut shop on two separate occasions. Arrival was within their noted business hours, approximately an hour before close. This shop was closed on each attempt with a sign reading, "Out of Donuts". These donuts may be good, but the business is poorly operated. They are in the business of forecasting, producing, and selling donuts... Yet they ran out of product on not one, but two different occasions. To say the least, I will not be attempting this again.
4	The only negative is you never know when they are going to be closed.  The long john donuts are my favorite they call them choclate bars.There coffee is just alright.  The staff could be nicer they seem kind of sad
3	Sadly, this Dee's will be closing it's doors on April 1st 2014. I honestly hope it will be some sort of April fool's trickery and they will remain open. But judging by the guy's face when asking about their final day, he looked fairly stoic if not rather forlorn.  So on April 1st, I will raise my single origin cappuccino and take a sip in honor of Dee's and how their closing will make that particular outdoor plaza that much less sweeter - literally.
