5	I've lived in Madison for a over a year now, so I figured it was time to find my go-to, solid kick-ass stylist with a cool and convenient space--Muse fits the bill perfectly! Formerly the downtown Cha Cha location, Muse was recently opened by stylist and owner Jason Heussner. Jason effortlessly performed nothing short of a miracle last night in saving my hair from certain winter death. Now it's sassy, layered, and on the road to repair with the help of the Bumble and Bumble product I picked up on my way out.The space is an industrial-chic, work-in-progress, and it's clear that Jason and crew have been working tirelessly to transform it (notice the gorgeous new shelves that Jason designed himself!) They're even planning to host art shows there in the near future. I recommend scheduling a late afternoon/early evening appointment, and then taking your new swanky 'do next door to the Underground Kitchen for a cocktail or two. That's what I did, where I was promptly approached by a very friendly guy (who I promptly informed that I was married). Nonetheless, I'd say the haircut is doing its job quite nicely so far :) Thanks, Muse!
5	This place is awesome and I would recommend you ask for Jason.  If you are familiar with Paul Melville, Warren Tricomi, or Cutler Salons in NY, you will be happy here.
5	I've been going to see Jason, owner and stylist of Muse, for nearly eight years. He has always done a wonderful job with my hair, and provides those extra touches (such as scalp massages and beverages) that make going to the salon a treat as opposed to something you have to do.The space (formerly the original Cha Cha) is brighter and sleeker than the former hodge-podge of colors, and more improvements are on the way. Return business speaks louder than anything, though, especially when it comes to something as personal as hair (be honest - a bad haircut has ruined your day/week/month at least once). I've been going for years and years, and everyone that I can think of that I've recommended see Jason has kept him - several people I know make sure to schedule an appointment when coming back to Madison for a visit if they no longer live here.
5	I'm also a fan of Jason's cut. I like being able to completely trust his talent - I usually only have a very vague and general idea about how I want my cut, but somehow Jason can transform my blab-blab into the hair style that looks great and easy to maintain. That's a pro job.I just recommended Muse to my friend, and she was very satisfied with the service and the result. Yeay.
5	Just had my haircut an hour ago and already two strangers have complimented the cut. Jason's work is the best in town.  He really understands how to make wavy, unruly hair look fabulous.  Plus, the scalp massage, complimentary coffee and hip setting makes one feel they are getting the star treatment.
5	My hair is next to impossible to cut, and one wrong move will completely destroy my curls and make them poofy. I've always been hesitant to try a new salon because half of the time the stylist makes it seem like I have 80's hair. After reading all the positive Yelp reviews for Muse and Jason, I decided to give it a try, and now I'm never going anywhere else. He completely transformed my hair and I've gotten nothing but rave reviews about it since I got it cut. I went in with long, limp hair with a load of split ends and came out with the best haircut of my life. I'm recommending this place to everyone I know.
5	Great Hair! And New Phone number & address: 608-556-4508 at 520 University Avenue, Suite 227.
5	Jason is a terrific stylist and an awesome guy. He's rebuilt his shop at 520 University Ave near UW Madison following a major fire in his former building downtown. Treat yourself to a tremendous cut as well as Bumble and Bumble products. He's been cutting my hair for more than 4 years.
5	I first found Jason by asking someone who's hair looked wonderful where she got it cut.  That was 2.5 years ago and since then, I have consistently been pleased with the way my hair looks and grows out. So much so that I recommended my boyfriend and mother to try him out, and they are now regulars. Check out his newly renovated space at 520 University Ave.
5	I've never been so happy with a hair cut. Period. I can't believe this is real. He can fix a bad haircut, or just do something amazing with what you have. Seriously, I'm in awe and I'm still not sure if it was all just a dream.
2	Let me begin by saying that I am visiting Madison from NY and got stuck here because of Hurricane Sandy. I have been working out at the hotel and my hair, which is long, curly and tends to frizz, Is in need of attention. I tend to wear it straight but I have had really good blowout where it wasn't pin straight yet looked healthy, shiny and didn't frizz, so I realize this is possible. Ok, I needed to preface my review with all that background. I walk in this morning and explain my need for a wash and blowout. They were nice. They said they were booked today (Halloween) and he even offered to have my hair done by his assistant. So far so good. I was even excited because they use Bumble and Bumble. Great. Then I asked if they flat iron hair. Because the salons on the East coast generally know that hair like mine will frizz seconds after a blowout unless they seal the cuticle with good product and a hot iron. They said they don't have one. He said the one he had broke. What?! They are booked solid today and the only hot iron they had is broken??? Well, I ran from there because that tells me one of two things. The lesser evil a) they just didn't want to deal with my special hair care needs on a busy day...fine. or worse, b) they really don't have except the one ,recently broken, hot iron. Which means if you have curly or frizzy hair, they are probably not used to dealing with your kind of hair. So this review is for anyone with this sort of hair that might be considering them. It may be unfair of me but I wouldn't trust it.Gonna try another Madison salon and will review them later.
5	Jason is absolutely fantastic! He gave me a great cut and showed me how to make my hair look way thicker than it actually is (I have really fine hair). The scalp massage was pretty baller, too. Would definitely recommend going here if you're looking for a great stylist. :D
5	To preface, my hair type is difficult to work with-coarse/flat asian hair with scar tissue to cover from an accident.  Since my stylist of 4 years moved away, I was hesitant to find someone new.  Jason made me feel comfortable and heard.  He took the time to understand my concerns and what I was looking for and asked thoughtful questions to make sure I was happy with the end result.  I am incredibly happy with the results!  He kept the length of my hair but added layers that added body and movement so it does not just lay flat against my head.  He took his time so that my cut would look just as good after leaving his salon when I did it at home with my minimalist approach to hair styling.  Not only was it a great service in a fun studio space, but Jason was really nice and fun to talk to!  I'm looking forward to coming again in the future!
1	I went in for my first haircut in several months and thought I'd treat myself to some highlighting. I saw all the fabulous reviews and thought that despite looking a little pricey, I'd go try this place- I've lived in the area a while and I just want a place Ican depend on! I wanted a little natural blonde highlighting on my simple, light brown hair and a hairstyle I could wear down without much maintenance. Easy, right? But...Pros:Great scalp massage,relaxed atmosphere.When I left I felt okay about the cut and color, and figured I'd get used to the change over a few days.Cons:It took nearly FOUR HOURS. FOUR. HOURS. In the middle of a weekday. Once the foils were on, I was trapped like that for AN HOUR AND A HALF. I budgeted for an hour and a half total, two tops- I'm glad I don't have a job where I'd be fired if I came in that late.It cost $150. not unreasonable it if were an awesome haircut, but quite a chunk of change for "meh"My coworkers commented that it looked like a $5 haircut. For reference I work somewhere where we wear jeans, sneakers, and a ponytail.My boyfriend said it looked like a kindergartener went at my head with safety scissors. Normally he might notice it after a day or two, but this time he thought I'd try to cut it myself.The color has changed from a lighter brown/blonde color to ORANGE.The layers are awful. They are lopsided around my face and I'm finding myself pulling it back into a ponytail constantly so I can avoid having to look at it.Jason kept commenting on how thick my hair was. Not how I usually hear it, in a complementary way, but as though I should apologize for making it so much work for him. Talking about how he's going to need to shovel up my hair off the floor after honestly made me feel really bad about myself. I tried to joke back about it while it was happening, but it was hurtful to feel like a shaggy dog going in and end up looking like one coming out.Needless to say, I won't be going back. If you are thicker-skinned and thinner- scapled, have 4 hours to give from your day, have money to burn through, and like the kind of style I described, you might be interested in going. I, however, am looking to find somewhere else that can fix what was done there.
5	I have been seeing Jason for 7 years! I have been stopped on the streets from Madison to Union Square in NYC and asked who cuts my hair. I've been asked my make-up artists, hair dressers, friends, and strangers. Recently, after a year of growing my hair out, I was shopping at Hilldale for an upcoming trip, and in a last-minute, horrible decision, said to myself "hm, Great Clips... how bad could they mess up a simple trim?" Famous last words as far as my hair was concerned. Jason saved me and didn't even chastise me! He is the best best best. When I can wake up in the morning and do nothing to my hair and people still compliment it? Good cut. When I can not wash it for days on end and people still compliment it? Good cut. When I can have the same 6 bottles of bumble and bumble products that I've never used up because my hair just looks that good on its own? Awesome cut! This cut I have right now? Awesome. And my trip to NV was just that much better because of it! I will never stray again. Go to Muse! You will not be disappointed. Jason is talented. As one make-up artist once told me "Well he's clearly doing what he should be doing," as in, he is working a very honed talent (and I am reaping the benefits)!
5	I've gone to Jason since I moved to Madison almost 5 years ago. I even have moved to Milwaukee temporarily, and I still come back just for his haircuts. Here's why:Whatever I have him do with my hair, it looks good, and I get tons of compliments from people I don't even know.He is good at identifying problem areas with your hair (e.g. cowlicks) and knows exactly how to cut them to fix them. He works really well with my hair - long, slightly wavy.  AND he works really well with my needs: I don't like to style my hair or even dry it after I shower. He cuts my hair to accommodate my casual approach to hair-care.I can give Jason a lot of direction, or very little ("do whatever you feel like...just let me know first", or "what are the cool kids doing these days") and he always makes it look good.And, he knows all the cool kids' haircuts.Good relaxed conversation in the meantime.Worth every penny.
5	After struggling to find a good salon when I was living in Minneapolis (and never succeeding), it was a welcome change to find such an amazing salon on my first try here in Madison. Jason is simply fantastic! As many others have said, he just knows what to do with your hair. He knows what works for you and he listens to what you want. He's also really easy to talk to, and I say that as someone who is generally a super-awkward human being. I also love that they carry Bumble and Bumble products at this salon. All in all, I am super happy with my haircut (as a point of reference, I have wavy/curly hair) and super happy with this salon!
5	I followed Kristina from her prior salon. Really like her haircuts and easy-going nature. I definitely recommend her to guys looking for a nice cut.  She helped me change over to a new look that I like a lot. Even let me bring my bike inside when I forgot my bike lock!  Not that Muse wants to be a bike parking lot but very friendly!
5	Kristina has been cutting my hair for a few years now, so choosing her to style my wedding hair was a no-brainer.  We practiced my "do" previously, so that we were both on the same page come wedding morning - she even offered up a few unique ideas (bridal headband).  The end result turned out better than I could have even imagined!  She came to our hotel, styled my bridesmaids' hair and then worked with the natural texture of my wavy/curly hair to style it to my liking.  Highly recommended - professional, prompt and personable.
5	Jason took one look at my hair and refered me to Kristina who gives me a cut that works well straightened or with my naturally curly hair.  When I want to look like a new person I go to Kristina for a cut and straightening, something that's not easy for me to do at home.  I love the change.  Previously I've had my hair cut at Aniu, and I have to say I like the way Kristina cuts my hair better.
5	I rarely write reviews but Jason was so great he is worthy of 5 stars.I went to Jason for a cut and highlights. I failed to mention to Jason + Muse staff that I have very long, thick, dense hair...and a lot of it. Jason spent so much time, energy and effort on my mop, I think he put 100 foils in my head. He kindly moved around his schedule so he could spend 4 hours (no joke) on my hair. The color is flawless and the cut is one of the best and most flattering I have ever received. To put it simply, Jason is for anyone young, modern, and open to change. He's truly a creative, has such a great eye, and he's fun company! I highly recommend him and his uber nice staff.
5	I was debating going to Muse for some time, but I needed an appointment right away and I didn't feel like waiting. Well, good things come to those who wait! For those of you who are unaware--let me explain what this means. This means that the people here are the shiznit, and sometimes they book out because they rock! (I wish I would have come here immediately after moving to Madison about three years ago. I regret it. Seriously.If you go to someone who can get you in same or next day--that is not always a good sign.) I have also taken my daughter here who is 13. She has far curlier hair than I do. I am part Native American, and her dad also has some Chilean/Spanish in him so she inherited crazayy hair! Mine is not nearly as unruly, but it is coarse, wavy, and has different textures going on as does hers. My daughter and I both saw Kristina, and she cut our hair differently than anyone ever has in the entire state! (We've lived in the valley, MKE, and other areas before, and have had our hair done a LOT.) This is how it goes. I want to wear my hair naturally, and so does my daughter. The only time a flat iron has touched her hair is because other stylists at other salons straightened it first before cutting it. But then for me, and especially her, our hair looks terrible, grossly uneven, and weird if we don't straighten it because that is the only way the majority of stylists in many salons know what to do--cut straight, fine hair at straight angles. Why would you cut curly hair with different textures at straight angles? Or blunt cut it or razor it? (I've had that catastrophe happen before too, yeash!)I know everyone raves about the product sold here--and I got some for my daughter who loves it (Bumble and Bumble.) I use no product since Kristina cut my hair! I am not saying this is for you, but my hair looks awesome upon waking! I have gotten a ton of compliments from classmates, coworkers, and strangers about how healthy and awesome my hair looks. I always "blame" Kristina.Reviews like this I debate writing because I sometimes like to covet gems when I find them and keep them all to myself. However, because I want Kristina to keep cutting hair and support Muse as well....
5	For a good ten years I got cookie-cutter haircuts at places like Supercuts. I always loathed the clippers-to-the-head approach and shelling out cash for 15 minutes of careless barbarous barbering, but I didn't have the time (or inclination) to seek a true professional. That changed a couple years ago when I found Cortney cutting men's hair (at a different establishment). From the first cut I knew I'd found someone with a special talent - not only for cutting hair but also for making you feel comfortable in places where your average guy might not usually find himself. The cut is always stellar with Cortney. The truth is that I rarely know what I want my hair to look like. I provide not very helpful suggestions and somehow Cortney turns them into a style and cut that blow me away. I've followed Cortney to various other shops and ultimately to MUSE because she is just. that. good. Dudes, if you're tired of the chop shops like Supercuts or just looking to upgrade your style, come to MUSE and ask for Cortney. Maybe you'll thank me for the recommendation. Maybe you'll jump onto Yelp and write a review, too.
5	Yes!  I fully agree with Keith S. and Brandon M.
5	Courtney is best barber in Madison....no, THE WORLD. Good conversations, great styles and a total pro. She styles my 13 and 19 year old boys' hair as well. I recommend  her to my guy co-workers and they too agree: COURTNEY IS THE BEST!
4	Came in for a conference at UW and was in desperate need of a haircut. Managed to get in at short notice. Given all the reviews, I was really surprised to show up and find nobody in the place. Not complaining though, since I got in with Courtney. She's a hair magician and quickly figured out something that would work for me. As for the four star rating: I think they could do some work to improve the locale. It's kind of depressing and institutional. It doesn't match the rates they charge. Even so, I'm slightly shocked that this is listed as a $$$ place. Men's haircut for $35 (2014.07) which is pretty middling rate. If they could kick up up the feel of the place a bit, fill it with more customers and stylists, this would be top notch place. I'm not sure the space will accommodate it.  But at the end of the day, that's all secondary to a stellar cut.
4	I have been in search of a hair place since moving yo WI from Chicago and while in Madison realized I was overdue for a trim, found this place via yelp and they fit me in last minute.  Tierney did a great job and I will be back.
