5	Delicious. My friend took me and I loved it. I had the albacore tuna and fruit cup.
5	Can you say "My new favorite place" Small but trendy, awesome staff but the food.... Ohhh The Food!! I tried this new place out on Tuesday afternoon mainly because they were so nice to bring a tray of sandwiches to my work on Monday afternoon for everyone to try since they are new to the area & wanted to get their name out there... smart idea. Well I was thrilled with the small but well thought out menu. The friendly guy behind the counter suggested the Turkey Breast Sandwich so I complied. It came to me with tons on quality turkey and homemade stuffing on white toast. Like Thanksgiving in April for my palette... Yum! Other sandwiches included BLT, Reuben, Albacore Tuna, Curry Chicken Salad and several "Pressed" sandwiches along with some tasty lookin salads. They bill this place as healthy and organic so that could be considered a plus too. I liked the overall experience and I will definitely be going back... Hey they have Brewed Iced Tea ta boot, so I am all in!  P.S.  I would say ten bucks average for sandwich, side & drink.
5	I just ate lunch here today and I have to say it was awesome! The place is small, but the food is delicious. Chris, one of the owners, chatted with me quite a bit about the restaurant and life in general. It was a great experience!
5	Just open.  I had the roast beef sandwich and my wife had the turkey and stuffing sandwich.  Both were excellent, modern interpretations on classic lunches.  I highly reccommend this place.P.S.:  iPad driven POS system is way cool.
5	My husband and I went here for breakfast this morning. What a fantastic place! They have an awesome staff and the breakfast bagel sandwich was great. We will definitely be returning for lunch a.s.a.p! Love supporting local businesses.
4	Just tried this very new place in downtown Mesa. If I had to sum it up in one word, I would say it was great. I would also add that this is another great place on main street that I have tried. Go to downtown Mesa, there are some great places! Support your locals!Anyway on with the review...Service was very friendly and informative. Since we had never been there before we had a lot of questions and the staff patiently answered them all. The staff refilled our drinks and delivered our food and picked up our empties! Definitely not your average picnic!My wife had the Pressed Roast Beef and she loved it. She was willing to give me a bite and I concur. Creamy horseradish, lettuce, lots of roast beef and provolone cheese on a crispy baguette. Yum.I had the Prosciutto and Fix Jam, sounds weird but tastes great! Light on the fig jam, but everything else was so good too.  Plenty of food on both sandwiches you will not go away hungry!I have to say that the highlight of my meal was the blue cheese coleslaw. Next time just give me a quart of that spicy, blue cheese goodness and a fork!Atmosphere is nice and comfy, even if it is a little small. Hey it's new! Squeeze into this place for a great sandwich and side, you will not be disappointed!
5	Loved the place!  Great cheerful people and FANTASTIC healthy sandwich and fruit....sooooo perfect!  Wireless internet too.
4	The restaurant name is perfect for this place. It is a small place but has a well decorated contemporary atmosphere. The food was terrific. We had a party of 6 and enjoyed the roast beef sandwich, caprese sandwich, caesar salad, and grilled cheese. The flavors were fresh and unique. The blue cheese coleslaw was fantastic! The crusty baguette sandwich rolls were a little on the dry side but still very tasty. The staff was attentive and friendly. I will return to Urban Picnic and recommend trying it out next time you're in downtown Mesa. Just look for the giant concrete pink chair and it's located right behind it.
5	Best lunch spot in the area. The sandwiches are fresh and delicious. The staff has always been friendly and never messed up an order. I wish I had bought into this business, because they are going to be very successful.I've done eat-in and pick-up lunches several times. It can get a little busy on weekdays around noon, but I've never had to wait long for my meal.On my first visit, I ordered the grilled veggie sandwich with a side of fruit. It was so good that I have ordered it every other visit, plus I bought my own panini grill for home so I can have the Urban Picnic-style sandwich for dinner once in a while. (Unfortunately, they're open only for breakfast and lunch, six days a week.)I highly recommend Urban Picnic and hope to try it for breakfast soon.
5	Really yummy sandwiches and cute modern decore! Perfect for lunch take-out as it's pretty small with only 5 tables inside. Love the Grilled Veggie and Goat Cheese sandwich as well as the Caprese sandwich. Didn't think I'd like the Blue Cheese Cole Slaw side because I don't care for mayonaise but it was delicious!
5	Saw this place driving through downtown Mesa so we came and checked it out. First of all the interior is nice, minimalist in style. The guy at the counter was very friendly and answered all our questions enthusiastically. And then there was the food! I ordered the roast beef pressed sandwich while my wife ordered the grilled veggie pressed sandwich. Both were excellent, the baguette they use is outstanding, providing crunch without being crazy hard. The roast beef was excellent and paired with the horseradish spread. My wife raved about her sandwich and said she will have a hard time ordering anything else since it was so good. I on the other hand am excited to try the other flavors they have to offer, especially the prosciutto and fig jam sandwich!
3	The location and the atmosphere of UP were lovely, and the food was pretty good too. I felt that the for a lunch time sandwich shop that it was way overpriced. For this reason I dont think that I will be going back, at least not very often. Its too bad because I live less than 5 minutes from here.
4	Nice hipster joint, complete with an Apple computer used as the register.  The food was good and fresh.  My only complaint is that the sandwich was small.  I had the pressed roast beef which comes with a side, I had the orzo black bean salad.  It all tasted great, but when I was done I was looking for another piece of sandwich.
5	Was looking for something for lunch today and went to Groupon now where I saw this place. I hesitated for a few minutes, as it's a few miles from my office, but went for it. SO GLAD.I ordered the Reuben made with pastrami and it was AWESOME! Made with organic sauerkraut, dressing and swiss. Sandwiches come with a side so I ordered the mac and cheese, which costs a dollar extra. The mac and cheese was good, but I'd probably skip on it next time.They say all their meat is organic, free range and antibiotic/hormone free, which I love to find! I will definitely go back!
5	Downtown Mesa needs a hundred more small businesses just like this one. Innovative, different, modern... I'm so glad these guys took the chance on Mesa and I certainly hope it pays off for them. So far I have only heard good things about UP.
5	I typed in sandwiches into the Yelp search today while in Mesa and this was the first hit. It was so so so good.I got the Grilled Veggie Sandwich with Goat Cheese and my friend got the Thanksgiving sandwich. We both declared our lunches to be amazing.The sides were also awesome. The portions seemed just right.Go there, you won't be sorry.
5	Urban Picnic is one of the tastiest "sandwich shops" I've been to in a long while. The store itself is small & cozy and the service from the staff, and owner, Chris, is phenomenal. They are always courteous to get your name and make your experience a personal one. The food is so fresh and delicious. I would highly recommend visiting Urban Picnic to anyone near Downtown Mesa.
5	Went for Groupon Now.Had the goat cheese and veggie sandwich.  My husband had the BLT.  We both loved the quality and great taste.  Mine was perfectly put together.  My husband found a bit too much dressing on his (for his taste) - easy to fix next time.  This is definitely now high on our list of favorite places to lunch.  Service was very helpful with a great smile.
4	I have heard good things about this place and was eager to try it.  My lunch group went this week.  There were 9 of us so we almost filled the entire restaurant.  All of us tried something different and there were really no complaints about our sandwiches and quesadillas.  The service was a little slow...but really not an issue.  The girl at the counter came and cleared our tables and asked if we wanted refills on our drinks.  Why no 5 star?....NO RESTROOMS!  One in our group need to 'go' so bad, but was told to walk down to Subway Sandwich Shop..across the street and a block away!  She had to get her meal to-go!
4	Organic yumminess! The chicken pressed quesadilla is the best quesadilla I've had in a LONG time :)The ingredients were fresh & tasty! It came with 2 dips, a salsa (not my fav) & a chipoltle sour cream (my fav!!!). If I could have gotten away with licking the little container, I totally would have, lol. The location is cute but small. Get there early if you want to sit & eat. Also, there are a few tables outside, so dress for a picnic ;)
5	If you're in the market for a fabulous (and I mean FABULOUS) sandwhich, or a big, flavorful salad, you must go to Urban Picnic!If only this little storefront was a tad bigger! There are tables outside where you can sit and savor the wonderful sandwiches and salads from this delightful eatery, but be prepared to stand in line to order. I had the turkey and stuffing sandwhich and it was huge and tasted wonderful!The roast beef with parmesean cheese and horseradish creme was awesome, and the BLT is a traditional sandwhich made with lots of yummy, thick-cut bacon.YUMMY!!!
5	Have you ever eaten somewhere and just can't get the craving out of your head and you have to go back!  This is the place that does it to me.  I've decided I need to try everything on their menu!You have to try the Roasted Turkey and Stuffing it is to DIE for!  And the mac 'n cheese  so yummy.    I've also had the Prosciutto and Fig Jam sandwich and I thought I had died and gone to heaven.  I had that with fruit which was good.  Guess where I'm going for lunch... yeah there because I need it after doing this review.  :-)  Oh and before I forget... When the weather is nice sit out side!  You will love it.
4	Great bread, good sandwich.  I ordered the caprese (can't go wrong!) and it was delicious.  If I had one quibble, it would be that there wasn't enough basil.  Otherwise, its a fun, new, local restaurant.  Check it out.
4	I really wanted to hate this place (it reminds me of Pane Bianco in that way).  I arrived on a Wednesday at 11:45'ish to get take out lunch.  Between waiting in line, ordering and then receiving my to-go food it took 45 MINUTES!!  I was so hungry and getting madder by the minute.Then I finally got the food, ran to my car and started to eat.  The little container that I had to pay $1 extra for to get macaroni and cheese was so super tiny.  I'm talking about a container you would expect your salad dressing to come in!  However, the taste was DELICIOUS.  So so so good.  Then I moved onto the roasted vegetable and cheese sandwich.  The bread was so flaky and good.  I chowed the whole thing down and ended up with crumbs in my shirt, all over my pants and covering the driver seat of my car.  This food is not meant to be eaten in the car!!!I will eat here again but I will go at an off time and not during the usually lunch hour.  Although, it would greatly help the situation if they didn't have only one worker doing the register, taking orders and delivering food from the kitchen.
1	Unfortunately there is nothing special about this place. My husband got the french dip and myself the mushroom panini. Mine was rather disappointing, the mushrooms were minced so tiny and the flavor was semi reminiscent of canned cream of mushroom soup....on a sandwich. I hate leaving bad reviews but it wouldn't help anyone if i lied, sorry.
3	i love you more than anything URBAN PICNIC.only things: be open on sundays. be open longer. make your sides a little bit bigger.sincerely,meet me behind the bleachers to make out after school.AUGUST 2013 EDIT: The owner sold this to a new owner. And apparently they don't use the chipotle aoli in their BLT's anymore. I am overwhelmed with sadness.
5	Love this place. Best sandwiches ever! Have not tried the salads yet but they look delicious. Friendly staff, very clean.
3	Food was excellent but the experience was not.  The owner was good about telling everyone he was under-staffed, but I was already there so I went with it.  The day was beautiful but there wasn't enough seating outside so I sat inside.  The seating area is very crowded and I was constantly bumping into people, or chairs, or tables when I got my drink and sat down.  It was freezing because the air vent was blasting right on top of me, and I was uncomfortable because I badly needed to go to the bathroom and there isn't one at this restaurant.  I had to wait for a long time for my food, but it didn't disappoint...I got the turkey and stuffing which was delicious.
5	Oh how I love Urban Picnic... this place is amazing.  I've eaten here several times and everything I've tried has been super yummy.
5	Great little sandwich shop!  Smallish portions, but that's ok by me.  Good prices, nice variety.  Delicious cookies:)
5	Pretty much my favorite sandwich place to eat at in Mesa!This is how it should be done - great fresh food, great customer service, modern hipster ambiance. I LOVE IT. The end.My favorite sandwiches are the grilled veggie and goat cheese and prosciutto and fig jam. Actually, everything is good here. Seriously. Also, try the coffee! The coffee probably doesn't get much play there (Mormons), but it is excellent. Well done. I always make it a point to hit up UP if I'm in the neighborhood.
4	We stopeed here before the State Track Meet at Meas CC. I searched for somewhere close that cooled good and found this. When we walked in I was a little concerned that it would be a food lite type of place with small portions and large prices. I was soooo wrong. I had a Turkey and Stuffing sandwich and my wife ordered a Caesar Salad. The sandwich was "can't wrap my mouth around it" huge and the salad would have fed a small army. The stuffing on the turkey made me wish it was Thanksgiving every week. It was amazing. Great sandwich (wish I could have had a side of cranberries.)The salad had tons of shaved parmeson and great dressing. I will definitely check this place out again when in the Phoenix area.
5	I have been here many times, pretty much can't go wrong here. prices are good service is prompt and friendly.
4	Food is great. It's def not a "fast" food place!
5	What a delightful little sandwich/salad shop.  We found Urban Picnic by accident.  I ordered the Italian Chpped Salad and it was HUGE and delicious!  I certainly could not eat it all.  My friend ordered the tuna sandwich and said it was by far the most "to die for" tuna she had ever eaten.  The venue is small, but the food is delicious, fresh,  and the staff is very friendly.
3	Well I don't feel I can give 100% fair review just because I was immediately annoyed that what I ordered they were out of.  I wanted to order the mushroom parm panini. I know it happens but it was peak lunch time so it seems to me they were under prepared.  I was stuck ordering the grilled cheese as they only had a small amount of vegetarian options and I didn't want salad.Everyone at my table had their order except me, I didn't understand why grilled cheese took so long to make.  By the time I got my order nearly everyone was finished eating that I was with. The Grilled cheese itself was tasty but I kind of felt like I ordered from the kids menu as it wasn't that filling.  The portions of the "Side" were laughably small.  I also think a pickle should have been included with grilled cheese. My sister rather enjoyed her Thanksgiving sandwich and it did look like it would be good if you are a non-vegetarian.  My mom had the turkey club which also looked like a nicely stuffed sandwich.I left feeling rather disappointed and still slightly hungry but I guess it's better than being overly full, at least the grilled cheese was cheap.Space is also lacking in this restaurant and it's quite cramped.  Our table was right under this ridiculous air vent that blew like a monsoon over one of the seats, my poor mom was stuck sitting there.  I would give this place a second chance but it wouldn't be my first choice.
5	Been here three times now never a disappointment.  Everything I have tried has been fantastic. Very young friendly service even the people seem to be more friendly that go there.  a little small it does have some outdoor seating if the temps arent to hot.
4	Looking for good sandwich place in downtown Mesa? Look no further! This place serves up wacky sandwich combos along with all your traditional favorites. The caprese sandwich is to die for and I hear that the Thanksgiving sandwich will transport you back to November any time of the year! Looking for something a little lighter/healthier? The salads are also fantastic! I like the Spinach salad - the dressing is to die for and it always comes on the side so no worries you can dress to your desire! Located directly on Main St, the location is small and there is street parking available out front. The lunch rush is pretty thick in this location so go get your lunch early or later - avoid the lines when you are pressed for time! A true little gem in downtown Mesa!
5	This place is EXCELLENT!! My husband and I met up with a family member of mine here for a late lunch and I ordered the turkey bacon sandwich with chipotle sauce and it was absolutely delicious!! The service was great, employees very friendly. Since it was near closing they threw in free dessert which were these raspberry chocolate cupcakes which were to die for. It's unfortunate that we don't live close to this establishment because we would go here all the time!!! Hopefully we will visit some time soon when we're in the area!
2	I really wish I could give this place a better review, since I see it has many raving reviews, but I just didn't have that great of an experience. I love trying new places and I especially love a good sandwich so I purchased a Groupon for lunch and decided since it was close by, I'd check it out. I liked that it was in downtown Mesa and had a cute concept with the whole picnic theme so I was looking forrward to something a little different. Parking is pretty limited, I got a spot on the side of the building but there wasn't a whole lot of other places to park other than the street.It wasn't very busy during the lunch rush but I still waited about 20 minutes to get my food. I only ordered the caprese sandwich and a fruit cup so I was surprised it took as long as it did since they aren't actually cooking anything I ordered, just putting it together. Then, when I saw the size of my fruit cup, my jaw dropped open. It was literally the size of a cup you put ketchup or another condiment inside. I think total there were two pieces of strawberry and a few grapes. Sorry but if I didn't have a Groupon, I would have went up to the counter and asked for my money back on that alone! Then, when I tasted the sandwich, it really wasn't anything special.I remember leaving disappointed and didn't feel like it was a good value at all. I also felt like the menu is pretty limited and there really wasn't a lot on there I would be interested in eating (and I am by no means a picky eater). Overall, not a place I enjoyed.
4	We really enjoyed having lunch here while visiting AZ.  The food is simple, flavorful and straightforward.  I had the italian sandwich and my girlfriend had the turkey/thanksgiving special.  We joked that if we opened one of these stores out in Brooklyn it would be an overnight hit.  The turkey sandwich was about 4 inches thick and best to eat with with a fork.  The stuffing was awesome.  The italian wasn't huge but was served on amazing baguette that was fresh as it comes.  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Lastly, we love that the serve everything in recyclable little cardboard lunch boxes so you can take you left overs to go.
4	Food-  Just had the Reuben with a side of macaroni and cheese.  The sandwich was good, but the mac n cheese was Excellent!  Service-  The girl behind the counter was very friendly.Ambiance-  Cool decor, modern and clean
5	Great fresh sandwiches!! The pastrami and caprese are absolute perfection!! The orzo pasta salad is spot on for the summer.  Definitely a must id in mesa..they need more central location for sure!
5	My brother works right around there and he invited me for lunch there. He told me to get the roast beef sandwich. I usually don't eat red meat but oh my god! This was the best sandwich I have ever had in my life. I'm 38 so I've had a few sandwiches in my time. There is a sauce on the sandwich that has horse radish in it that just makes the sandwich. That along with the bread and everything else on it. I just took my wife there and she felt the same way I did about the place. If you are hungry....do yourself a favor and go to the Urban Picnic and order the ROAST BEEF SANDWICH. You won't be sorry.
5	I give it a five because they are smart enough here to have a very limited (maybe ten sandwiches, five salads, and some other goodies) and to do them all right. We tried the roast beef sandwich (A+++), turkey (like the day after thanksgiving), and the cheese quesadilla. All were excellent. Great breads, great ingredients. Their blue cheese cole slaw and macaroni salad were good enough that I would like them as a meal. The specialty lemonades were a bit sweet but we just watered em down a bit. There's like NO room to sit here, so come on the edges of meal time rush or you'll be stabding or sitting n the sun. Great service, NO COMPLAINTS!!!
5	I decided to go to this establishment because of fellow yelpers and location. (Close to my hotel.).  I ordered the turkey bacon sandwich and side of macaroni n cheese. Food was very fresh, restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly.  Would recommend.
5	Went to Downtown Mesa on a Tuesday afternoon hoping to get lunch at Monster Land. Didn't realize they are closed on Tuesday. D'oh. My lunch mate suggested we check out Urban Picnic right up the street. What an excellent turn of events (not to diss Monster Land). Urban Picnic operates out of a very small space but they make good use of it. The interior features matte white walls, high ceilings with exposed wooden rafters, high gloss wood furniture, contemporary lighting, and concrete floors. They use an iPad for a register. Initially, based off the nice interior, I was a bit concerned that the food wood be overpriced. Not so.I ordered the Wild Mushroom & Parmesan Pressed sandwich and my lunch mate ordered the Caprese. Both were priced at about $8 and came with a choice of side.  The servings were very substantial and both were absolutely delicious. The mushroom sandwich had perfectly crunchy pressed bread and was overflowing with creamy mushroom filling, very decadent. The Caprese came on a very tasty french baguette with nice thick slices of mozzarella and freshly sliced thin strips of basil. We also ordered Lavender infused lemonade, the special drink of the day, which was very quenching on a 100 degree October day in Arizona.Highly recommended! Also, the staff was very friendly. They overheard me mention that I was running a little late to get somewhere and, without me asking at all, went back into the kitchen and rushed the order out a little faster.
5	Wow. A great sandwich. I tried the pressed toast it was delicious. The baguette is tasty and has a perfect crunch to it. I also tried the blue cheese cole slaw. Wasn't sure I would like it as in not a big fan of blue cheese but it was very good. I'm not out this way much but when I am I'm going to stop by this gem and try another sandwich.
4	While in downtown Mesa on the way to the Arizona Museum for Youth, my daughter and I decided that we'd better grab lunch before we went in. We parked across the street from the museum (in the free three-hour parking lot), and consulted Yelp.Just around the corner sits Urban Picnic. There was a lot of positive buzz surrounding this little sandwich shop, and we thought it sounded like a good place to investigate. As we walked to the shop (less than five minutes from the parking lot, by the way), we were treated to several different art pieces decorating the sidewalks. It was quite a different scene from many of the other places we've seen in Mesa. Even though many of the buildings in the area were vacant, the ones that were still around were very trendy and inviting. Urban Picnic is located right in the heart of it all!If you're not familiar with the area, and you're looking for this place, all you really need to do is look for the PINK chair. It's seriously HUGE, and it's right in front of the restaurant. Behind this nifty art piece is the outdoor seating area for the restaurant. Being autumn during our visit, the outdoor seating area looked pretty nice. It's basically a few decent sized tables out on the sidewalk with oversize umbrellas for shade. However, the umbrellas are the only real protection from the sun. During the summer, I can only imagine how uncomfortably hot it is on the sidewalk right next to the street.Upon entering the shop, I was a little surprised at how small it was. There are only five tables inside: Three along the far wall, and two in very close proximity in the middle of the dining area. It was a little bit cramped, but it was pretty cool just the same. Now, the food itself was quite good. My daughter got the kids' grilled cheese (not listed on the menu, btw, but definitely available), and I got the Italian. Each meal came in a super cool custom Urban Picnic box, the bottom of each box decorated with the classic red/white checkerboard "picnic blanket" paper. My sandwich came on an incredible baguette, toasted to perfection! I typically don't get sandwiches that big, so it was almost too much for me to eat in one sitting. Granted, I could have taken what was left home with me, but it was so good, I couldn't put it down!Again, being a local place, the prices are slightly higher than most places. But, still...you're getting SO much food for the money! I think the most expensive sandwich on the menu is $8.50. So, my daughter and I ended up spending $20 on both sandwiches with drinks for each of us. The only reason I couldn't give this place five stars was because of how small the dining room was. But the food is absolutely "as good as it gets". If you happen to be in Downtown Mesa, do yourself a favor and grab a sandwich from Urban Picnic!
2	A little disappointing.Ordered:Albacore Tuna (very good!)Pastrami Ruben (good but MISSING the saurkraut!)Turkey BLT (MISSING THE BACON!)BLT (good but chipolte is very spicy. Should have a warning for lighter taste buds)Side of fruit was very tiny and grapes were mushySide of blue cheese coleslaw was ok but a little plain(you would think blue cheese would make it POP!)Portion sizes for sandwiches were about average I would say.On the plus side, looks very clean and the staff was very friendly. Also did not have to wait very long for my order. The location is superb. Sorry Urban picnic for the poor review, but I think you can do better!
4	Bring one of these to Chicago, please!Order a salad, feed a village.  OK, maybe just yourself twice but dang that was huge.  Being fresh, things tasted GREAT.  I am finalizing this review months later and I can still see the walnuts and crumbled cheese on a towering heap of spinich.  While I couldn't eat ALL of the salad I had to take the smoothie to go and DAMN.  Really, damn, that is some fresh stuff and tastes SOOOO good.All this bragging and the price for two of us was surprisingly reasonable, I did not expect it to be this low.  Only negative, they need more space, like twice the space... and they deserve it.
5	Is this place really in downtown Mesa?  This place is so hip it could fit in in downtown scottsdale, or southern California.  Food is really good 4.5 stars.  I had the turkey club my wife had the turkey stuffing sandwich (their specialty).  The blue cheese coleslaw is delish in a funky kind of way.  This place is very environmentally conscious, and they list cool facts about the things they do on bottles on the tables. Not a lot of seating, but we were able to get a table and they have outside seating if inside is full.  Also no bathroom so go before you go if you know what I mean.  Another really cool thing...they bring your food in a little picnic-style paperboard box so if you want to take some home you just fold up the top and go.  Prices are pretty good about $10 with a drink.  If you are eating in downtown Mesa this place and Rosa's are the best in my book.
4	I realllly reallllly enjoyed the food! The outside seating was warm and comforting. And how awesome is that big pink chair in front?!?! The decore was cute and urban and made me wish "for a millisecond" I lived in Mesa. But then I remembered.... I was in Mesa... But that being said the flavor combinations were unique and they did not skim on portion sizes. I was absolutely stuffed after splitting a sandwich. I came with my 80 plus grandparents and the staff was absolutely wonderful and accommodating and lovely. I was also proud because even they found something they wanted to eat. I split the figgy cheesy prosciutto sandwich  (gorgonzola?) and the chicken curry both on whole wheat bread instead of the baguette. Both were equally as delicious. I suppose my only reason I put down 1 star was really because it was a bit rich for my stomach. EVEN THOUGH IT WAS amazing!!! It's my fault I eat too healthy. But I certainly would recommend. I just hope they make it! There are only so many places I can stand to go to when I visit my grandparents in Mesa.
5	I have been to this place about 15 times and each time I have gotten the roasted turkey and stuffing (their specialty) and it is so good I have not tried any other sandwich that they make. I'm sure their other sandwiches are good, but when I go in there to eat and I see people ordering and eating other sandwiches and it actually kind of infuriates me to the point where I have to take deep breaths and refrain myself from getting in right in their face and screaming, "What the %$#& is your problem? Why aren't you eating the roasted turkey and stuffing sandwich?" I was there today and some chick ordered a quesadilla.....???? Again I am sure the quesadilla is good, but seriously you need an MRI AND a taste buds transplant if you order a F$%#ing quesadilla at an amazing sandwich joint like this. The cold turkey compliments the warm stuffing perfectly with just the right amount of mayo on the sandwich. The sausage stuffing is out of this world good. I wish they sold their stuffing in huge containers to take home so I could dump it in my bathtub and bathe in it nightly.
4	The curry chicken sandwich is great! Fresh food and a great choice for lunch.
5	I think there is hope for downtown Mesa yet!  All I know is that everything I have ever had was good!
5	What a great find!  Don't get to this side of town much, but now I have a reason to make the trip for sure. :) Urban Picnic is small with a loud shout of character.  There is a huge (I mean HUGE) pink plastic overstuffed chair near the front entrance... YOU CAN'T MISS IT. Quirky and I am in love!  (Stop by the funky "Eclectic Monkey Emporium" after you dine for some interesting browsing.)I had the roast beef sandwich with bread so perfectly crisp and the best beef/horseradish combo I wanna scream! THEN I took the advise of the gal behind the counter and ordered the lavender lemonade so good it isn't rude to slurp! So... no it isn't rude to slurp or scream here in fact I think the owner, who we met, would just smile and be happy you were sitting on the patio.My next trip I am sure to try the Roasted Turkey and Stuffing sandwich.... let the pre-screaming begin!!
4	Very tasty food. Went in for a lunch to-go order and they didn't have the item I wanted ready yet, so they gave me a 10% discount. Very respectable!
4	First time here.  Looking forward to trying something new.  The place is real small and they are in the process of looking for more square footage.  That's a good thing as they were out of some of the menu items (because they have been "crazy busy"Well I have to say I had the best BLTT I have ever eaten.  Fresh bread, lots of ingredients, very flavorful.  The owner is  really very nice.  He came over to every table and asked how their food was, and I feel he was generally interested and not just going through the motions.  I am looking forward to going there again.
5	Great quality and so yummy! I will come back.
4	T and D sandy...Turkey is from grocery store but stuffing is the bomb. Try it once. Spinach salad huge and tasty:)
4	Such unique, gourmet style sandwiches.  I had the prosciutto, fig jam, and gorgonzola sandwich which was perfect.  And I don't even like coleslaw in general but this one with blue cheese was amazing.  Definitely coming back to try more!
3	Not bad, not great. A little over priced. But good quality and portions. Wasn't crazy about my turkey blt but friends had the fig and prosciutto sandwich and loved it.
4	I tried out Urban Picnic yesterday with a friend after looking up nearby places to eat on Yelp. It was enjoyable! I took some other Yelpers' advice and tried the roasted turkey/stuffing sandwich and the roast beef sandwich for my friend. We also had sides added-- macaroni and a bean pasta. The macaroni was still a bit hot, but it was delicious after it cooled down. I particularly loved my sandwich. It was Thanksgiving in May for me. Surprisingly, I only finished 1/4th of it due to its large portions. Which is a good thing in my book! I got to take it home and finish it as a good dinner.I took some bites of the roast beef sandwich, and it's definitely good for people who like a kick in their flavor. I also gave the lavender infused lemonade a shot. It was delicious! It definitely had a hint of lavender flavor which I did not expect to taste so good. I loved that it was sweet, but those who don't like sweet drinks should be mindful of that. They also offered peach green tea, which I may try next time.We also tried the Green Smoothie, which--if I can recall correctly--consisted of spinach, bananas, and peanut butter. To be honest, the peanut butter made the smoothie odd so I let my friend finish it after I took a sip. He actually didn't like it much either. It was the new June special and was not on their normal menu (meaning it was an experiment probably?), so I'm sure their regular fruit smoothies tasted fine.In terms of service-- great! The man at the cashier was very pleasant and checked up on us a few times. I wish the prices were a little bit cheaper, but I did like the food. Forgot to mention-- the to-go box and the "plates" that are items were brought out on definitely made me think of picnics. They had nice, modern furniture in bright colors that added a hip feel to the place. I loved their cute little plant directions on their table as well as the "grass" on the wall. A cute, urban atmosphere! I'd definitely go again given the chance.
4	Love this place! I had a Ruben and my husband had the signature roasted turkey and stuffing sandwich. Food was EXCELLENT ! ! Mac and cheese was nice and hot and the orzo salad was seasoned perfectly. Only reason that my rating is not 5 stars is because of the clunking noise coming from the beverage cooler. Very annoying. Don't pass this place up if you're in the area. Will definitely be heading back soon!
5	Wow.. Roasted Turkey and Stuffing sandwich. This is honestly the best sandwich I have ever had in my life.. Their stuffing is killer. Some nice rosemary flavor going on there. I will def be back!
5	Excellent food and service. We'll definitely go back!
5	I can't say enough good things about Urban Picnic. It's not the cheapest lunch, but it's TOTALLY worth the extra couple of bucks. I've tried almost everything on the menu. And it's ALL good. The place is small but cute, and located right next to the big pink chair so you can't miss it.Overall, Urban Picnic is one of the best lunches you'll get in Mesa.
2	The food was okay, nothing special.  The roast beef sandwich was very light on roast beef.  The macaroni and cheese was delicious but the portion was very small.
5	On a recent trip to Mesa, I found myself craving a sammich. Sammiches fill those afternoon spaces in our stomachs that are delightfully craving nutrition by the hand. So off we went to have an urban picnic in the A/C.It's located on Main Street in Mesa, which is under construction right now. That's probably irrelevant for you, Mr. I'm reading this review a few months from now." But today it was relevant. There are a few parking places on the street in front of this place, and a parking lot to the west of this row of buildings with parking designated for patrons of this block. Check out the trippy, wavy building art on the side of the building at that parking lot.In a topsy-turvy world of commotion and confusion and mess and noise, sometimes it's a blessed, peaceful, and calm experience to go on a picnic. And that's what I experienced. It's clean, mostly white, and the folks here were some of the nicest I've met in a while. They were especially understanding and considerate of the two young kids we had, and the boys were definitely digging on the small menu of sammiches.I got to try the curry chicken on croissant and for myself, ordered the Ruben. Oh Ruben. Stacks of meat, 'kraut, and a juicy bite. Ya, that's the bizness. I won the ordering game, if I do say so myself. And I'm not ashamed to say I gobbled it up quick.One note--they don't have a restroom. See also: two young boys. That mean me daring out during the meal to run them down to the taco joint on the corner for their potty needs. That was not fun in the heat. But I was delighted to come back to a chocolate shake waiting for me. It was merciful. Beautiful. Kind. And perfect.
2	I live nearby and have gone here many times.  They're a bit inconsistent . Sometimes they're good sometimes worse than subway--which is across the street.  However, they're customer service leaves something to be desired. A few months ago, I ordered to go while at the restaurant and was waiting for half an hour..apparently the cashier forgot that our order was to go and it was sitting behind her for about 15 minutes.  She never once checked on us while we were sitting there waiting.  Today, I placed an order by phone for pick up.  Ahead of me were two customers and a young man was waiting on them.  After helping them, he pretended he did not see me and walked off without a word--even though I'd been standing there for about 5 minutes with my order sitting there behind him the entire time.  Another employee who was answering the phones and took the order (I recognized her voice) said she would be right with me once she was done with her call.  After she hung up, the phone rang again and she picked up the phone again!  At that point I was done and annoyed and asked if I could just pay for the food I had placed by phone that was then sitting there for about 10 minutes...which again was right behind her.  Unfortunately, I had ordered a chicken quesadilla...so when I got it home it was already cold.  Next time I'm on my work lunch break I guess I'll stick with Subway, where I don't get ignored and have consistent quality.  Too bad since you are so close to me! Oh and FYI, not all the items come with a side.  My quesadilla did not and my friend's did.  This is not pointed out on the menu.
4	Yum! So good! The homemade Mac n cheese was very good. Creamy fresh cheese. I got the pastrami sandwich so warm and toasty they don't  skimp on the meat!
2	I really wanted this place be great, because it's close to work but no such deal. I started and stopped with the side dishes. I ordered the cabbage and blue cheese, which tasted delicious but had me running to the restroom in an hour- both times I ordered it. I can tolerate both foods and also make this dish on my own and have no problems. The cheesey noodles - mac and cheese was dry and just resembled colored noodles.Another complaint is that each time I arrived, it was dead and it took forever to get my food! One arrival time was at 11:15 a.m. and another at 1:05 p.m.Right now the only thing that they have going for them is location and decor.
5	I haven't had their sandwiches yet, but their peanut butter cookie is seriously the best I've ever EVER had... Thick, soft, chocolate and peanut butter chunks.omg yum
4	We held a lunch meeting at a local engineer's office today and  like to support local business.  We looked on Yelp  and some other sites and Urban Picnic came up.  Initially, the ordering was difficult because new owners recently took over and were in the process of setting up a new web site.  Young Eli came to the rescue and we placed our order for 15 meals with sides including nine sandwiches and six salads.We were somewhat anxious as we always are with new places but once we got to the deli and met the owners, we knew it would turn out.  Using Boars Head provisions, it had to be decent but once we got to the meeting and heard nothing but praises from our clients, all turned out well.  The sandwiches were savored and the salads looked full and tasty and everyone enjoyed their meal.Please give this place a try and you won't be disappointed. PS They deliver to businesses around Mesa.
5	Popped in for lunch with an out-of-town guest (who is food-obsessed).  He said the turkey and stuffing sandwich was the best sandwich he'd ever eaten.  Everything was tasty and fresh!
5	Just had lunch there and it was delicious! I had the caprese and it was huge, I did manage to eat it all though.  My friend had the quesadilla and said that was really good too.  We shared the peanut butter cup cookie and both agreed it was hands down the best cookie we'd ever eaten.  We also bought the crumb cake but were so full that we only took one bite each.  It was good, but nothing like that cookie...  I'll be returning just to buy one of those!Cons were that it was small inside, so we sat outside.  However, it is on Main street so there were a lot cars.  Also, some random store two doors down pulled out some giant speakers and periodically played very loud gangster rap.  Those factors did not contribute to the quaint feeling we got from Urban Picnic.  I'd definitely go back again, but not sit outside!
5	So so so good! I had the veggie sandwich and I enjoy every bite! Great design of a place. So well done.
5	Bless the establishments that gave gluten free options! Honestly. That is the #1 thing I look for in a place (being GF for allergy reasons) and it's great to know that one of my favorites offers gluten-free options! And you've got to try the lavender lemonade. It's to die for.
4	This place came recommended from a friend. I work near by so I had it delivered. They were spot on with delivery, the driver was friendly and I got a little punch card with my receipt. I ordered the turkey and stuffing sandwich and when they say its piled high, they are not joking! The sandwich was very filling and yummy. The only thing I would add to it is a side of cranberry sauce. The acidic sweetness would play nicely with the creamy mayo and the herbs in the stuffing. I ordered a brownie too. That's was delish!Well done folks! I'll be a repeat customer.
2	Writng this review makes me sad. I work near here and ordered delivery a couple times a week when Chase owned the place. The food always arrived in 20 minutes and was appropriately hot or cold. Under new ownership the service is spotty. There's also something different about the food. It's probably the difference between following a recipe and really loving the food. Chase, come back! - Chase.
2	This is an overpriced sandwich shop that is not much better than Subway, but about double the prices and half the menu options. Waiters were too abrupt and didn't seem flexible. Coworkers and I left with a bad taste in our mouth.
4	fresh, yummy and genuine staff.  hidden treasure!
2	I have frequented urban picnic in the past, and have absolutely loved every one of their sandwiches. My favorite was the mushroom sandwich they offered. It was mushroomy creamy goodness.I was disappointed to learn today that not only has urban picnic changed management, but they have also changed their menu and the amazingness that was the mushroom sandwich is no where to be found. I was also disappointed to see they have changed from their paper takeout boxes to styrofoam. They used to be more earth conscious. :( It's not like they couldn't afford the little bit of higher coat for paper given the menu pricing...I reverted to one of my other favorites, the curry chicken sandwich. The filling was still delightful; however, what was not delightful was finding that it had not been cut in half and was quite unmanageable as a whole sandwich. Hacking through the sandwich with the flimsy plastic knife provided was a messy nightmare and ended in a broken knife, and an only partially cut sandwich. I am hoping this was just a mistake made by whoever was in the kitchen today, but it only added to my disappointment. The croissant was also quite stale, which explains why it was so difficult to cut through. This could easily be remedied by freezing the croissants you aren't going to use and pulling them out as needed at the beginning of each day.What was a great relief to me was finding they had kept the lavender lemonade! If you have never tried their lemonade, I highly recommend it. It is to die for.If anyone knows the new owners at Urban Picnic, please I beg you to urge them to bring back the mushrooms.
2	Sandwiches are dry, service is super slow, and after a long wait (where we were the only two customers on a weekday) they got my order wrong. Bleh.Would pass on this place in favor of basically any fast food place.
2	Overheard people talking about this place earlier in the day and decided to give it a try.  The younger woman that helped me was rude and indifferent while taking my take-out order and when she brought it, did not even look me in the eye, or respond to me saying, thank you.  Although the food was good, that experience will not have me returning.
3	It was OK.  The nachos are extremely spicy even without jalepenos. All in all the food was merely food
4	The marketing threw me off. I expected a bit of a larger restaurant, but it was definitely delicious. The staff was really friendly. Their menu was smaller than expected, but they had a good selection. My friend didn't like her Prosciutto sandwich and they replaced it immediately, offering anything off the menu to make sure her "first experience was a good one". I thought that was pretty rad. I had the caprese sandwich and it was dope! I'd definitely come again.
1	Upon first entry, the floors are littered with other people's salads and junk and there are old napkins sitting on tables and crumbs everywhere. Then you look at the counter girl and she is not smiling, not friendly and doing nothing about the mess in her little dump of a restaurant. Oh wait, she did decide to clean the table next to mine and spray her bottle of stuff as I was eating right next to that table. What a lazy b. She was even unfriendly and cold and non-helpful to the only two other girls who walked in after me who worked right next door. Hire some good help and you will have more success, well maybe not because your charging 9 bucks for a bad wrap and passing off Boars Head Turkey as Roasted Turkey. This is crappy downtown Mesa, littered with construction and homeless folks and losers all over the area. As for the food, I had a chicken wrap and the chicken was white breast, but had no seasoning and the cook dumped the entire bottle of dressing into the wrap which had mostly lettuce and the Kalamata olives were really standard black olives. The place is a joke. I hate Subway and never eat there, but I would have chosen that place across the street rather than this dive.
4	We called our order ahead and picked it up. My sandwich which was the blue cheese with fig jam and prosciutto was great! But my husband Italian sub was not. The thinnest 3 slices of meat you could possibly put on a sandwich, and they forgot our Mac n cheese for my daughter. My husband was  pretty Upset paying 8.50 for this sandwich  and 4.00 for Mac that we didn't receive;so I called and told them the food we received was not worth the price and they forgot my daughters lunch. The owner was very helpful  and concerned ; told me they would deliver it right to our door at no extra cost and make his sandwich right.. (More meat and not just bread and spinach). That was great of them! Customer service showed me that they cared, and they gave us cookies also.  I would defiantly try them again, the bread on the pressed sandwiches are so crispy and inside is soft and delicious. My sandwich was delicious and I could tell they used high quality meat.
5	Lavender lemonade in the best!   Great food.  With young kids, the menu is fresh and kid friendly.  They deliver!  Ideal for picnic food.  LOVE this place!
2	Why did I go back here??! - still overpriced- I was the only person in the place on a Tuesday and I stood in front of the register for a good 10 minutes before my order was taken.- The wrap was bland and the side I ordered  was $4 and came in an itty bitty plastic cup. Thanks for the nibble of your "side."-To top it off my wrap came with a hair nestled inside, gag me! The guy who brought it out had longer "skater boy" hair that was not in a hair net or pulled back. My guess is that it was his. Spoiled my lunch. The place is decorated cute but could stand for major improvement in my opinion.
1	Tried this place several times and each time it's been worse and worse. Service is so slow even though they aren't busy. I swear the staff was all in back smoking pot or something since no one came out for at least 10 minutes and they all seemed spacey. There are lots of gluten free bread options they could purchase and they choose the worst. Place could be great but falls short only saving grace is the lavender lemonade.
5	So good!! Got the California wrap. Has a kick to it, but great flavor! The online menu isn't up to date they have a lot more. Extremely friendly staff. Highly recommend it!
1	I was so excited to try Urban Picnic. I walked in and could tell they were short staffed right away. The girl behind the register was also the runner for the food so she was alternating back and forth. Dark clouds on the horizon. Constructive criticism: They need to invest in a large version of their menu, simply stapling their paper Togo menu to the wall was confusing and hard to read. Choose a different corner to cut.I ordered the veggie pressed sandwich and the kids Mac n' cheese. My friend ordered a salad and a kids meal as well. Her food came out in 20 minutes, and mine was FAR behind. 35 minutes later, my "hot pressed" sandwich came out completely cold in the middle. Disappointing and gross. I went to refill my ice tea, they were out. Bummer. I didn't even eat the sandwich, and left hungry. All signs of my experience point to simply being under staffed. I saw a total of three humans trying to man this sinking ship. Based on the previous reviews, it seems like this was a fluke. Hopefully.
4	They really put some thought into naming this place. It is literally an urban picnic. The mac & cheese is good, it could be a bigger portion though. The sandwiches are perfect; just classics made into brilliance. The atmosphere is quaint. Could it be bigger? Nah. It's never busy enough inside. They do delivery and take out which is a added bonus.
5	Great service, excellent sandwiches and salads! The caprese salad was delicious with thick slices of fresh buffalo mozzarella and large ripe tomatoes topped with fresh basil. Their fresh gluten free bread was delicious, too!  It's a great little spot for lunch!
5	I love this place! I got the turkey blt, my roommate got the prosciutto and fig sandwich. I got their lavender infused lemonade too - it's a must try! Small place with great ingredients right next to this awesome brewery, Desert Eagle. Next time I think I'll go get a sandwich and take it next door to enjoy it with a beer. :)
4	I have had sort of mixed experiences here but wanted to write a review because the roast beef sandwich is so damn good. I've been here quite a few times and at first, I was trying out the various sandwiches. They were all pretty good but nothing really special. Until I had the roast beef with horseradish, which is amazing. You have to like horseradish but if you do, this sandwich will keep you coming back.
