5	Very professional and knowledgeable about the industry. I was extremely impressed with the amount of flexibility and options they presented me when I explained the jewelry I wanted manufactured for my online jewelry business. I also appreciated that Oren, the owner whom I spoke with, didn't come off as a high-pressure salesman. He was very easy-going and I felt I was able to honestly problem-solve with him about how to maximize my profits with the budget I was working with.
5	I have no business connection with the Diamond Vault (other than as a customer), and am not related in any way to the management.If you want to buy a diamond ring, earrings, bracelet, or just unset diamonds, this is pretty much the only place in town at which to do it.  The owner is directly involved in the international diamond trade and he knows his stuff.  But what is most important -- he is scrupulously honest.  You will get a good value, as the Diamond Vault's markups are quite reasonable.  The stones will be properly graded and expertly set.  Promises will be kept.The only downside is that it truly looks like a vault -- a small vault at that.  This is not a place to browse through aisle after aisle of glittering creations -- it is a place to buy diamond jewelry.Note: They do custom creations on site as well.  I had a necklace made to my design.  It came out exactly as I specified, but when my wife put it on, we had an issue with the way it hung.  I took it back to be altered, and they again did what I said. No charge.  It still wasn't perfect.  I took it back again and once more they did just what I asked.  It still wasn't perfect.  I took it back a third time and they gently told me to just let them take care of it -- they knew what to do.  They were right.  There goes my career as a jewelry designer.
5	It contains very nice collection of diamond jewelry. Different type of rings like three stone diamond rings, solitaire rings, diamond rings and white gold rings also available with latest designs.  They also ensure that the product matches all the quality  factors  for 4c which enables you to rate & understand the jewelry.
5	My husband and I picked up my new diamond ring at the diamond vault today. We are totally blown away by the result and were super pleased that the diamond vault managed to work my original stone into the design. It is beautiful!! True, anyone can get a stunning diamond at just about every reputable jeweler. However, the staff at the diamond vault is calm, kind, experienced, patient and knowledgeable experts in their field. What an amazing experience. And to top it all off: their prices can not be beat. I did my thorough research and their prices are simply the best, because they cut out the middle man and don't try to impress and entice with a glittery showroom. We will be back for more!!
5	I purchased an engagement ring from The Diamond Vault after doing quite a bit of research and checking out every store in the valley (so it seemed).  Oren was the most professional person, by far, that I had spoken with.  There are so many very pushy sales people out there who don't take the time to educate people and guide them within their budget.  The Diamond Vault was a great experience and made buying the ring fun instead of a daunting task.    Oren spent several hours with me the first night I met him and exceeded all expectations.  If you plan on purchasing any jewelry or diamonds I strongly recommend you check this place out.  He was by far the most knowledgeable person I met with and I can honestly say I went just to about every store you can think from the high priced places in the Biltmore / Kierland to diamond wholesalers to storefronts.If you go, ask for Oren and I'm sure you will not be disappointed.  I have had nothing but great comments on the ring and my soon to be mother in law went in to see the band and had great comments for Oren in just the 15 minutes they were there.
5	Oren was amazing!! I went to at least 15 different stores in the valley before finding the diamond vault.  Oren was very helpful,and extremely knowledgable.  He unlike many others was not just trying to hustle you and take your money.  It was a pleasure doing business with him, and I plan to do more in the future.  I had him make a custom ring, and he was great.  I was not an was customer, I wanted the ring to be absolutely perfect, and he did just that.  Excellent place, and I will recommend him to all.
5	If you are shopping around, do yourself a favor and at least stop by. You've got nothing to lose, and a whole lot to gain by going with The Diamond Vault.My fiance and I were referred to Oren by a good friend. After having visited a big-name jewelry retailer (we'll leave them unnamed) where they swiftly pulled us into a room, created a "profile" for us, documented all of our information, and gave us a presentation on engagement rings...all before even letting us browse their selection (can someone say pressure!?)...it was SO REFRESHING to experience the FRIENDLINESS, PATIENCE, and EASY-GOING expertise of Oren, Stephanie, and the staff at The Diamond Vault. They patiently talked us through our options, and it was clear that they have an incredible knowledge of the business and helped us create the best quality piece of jewelry within our budget. I stress the "within our budget" part, because not once did my fiance and I feel pressured into choosing a more expensive option than we desired. Unlike the big-named retailer, The Diamond Vault didn't force us to create a "profile", and really only jotted down our phone number when they needed to call us back about something, and even communicated by email with my fiance during the process because it was most convenient for him. You can expect no annoying, follow-up sales calls or mailed invites to supposed "sale events" like at the big-named places. Just honest, straight-forward, high-quality service. Whether you've got $1,500 or $150,000 to spend, The Diamond Vault will take care of your needs----and your nerves! Oh, and did I mention? I adore my unique, three-stone, brushed rose gold engagement ring ;)
5	OMG! My sweet pea bought a 2.08 carat Princess cut for $5,200, about HALF of what all the other diamond shops in the valley wanted for the same size, Cut, Color, and Clarity.In my opinion THE BEST place to buy a diamond ring. Go there and check them out, you will be impressed with their prices.P.S. Oren was also very patient, and professional.
