3	LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG     LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS.   You go in, take a number, see that it's #643 and they just called #417.  I could picture somebody taking numbers and then selling them outside for $3 a pop so people could save time waiting.  I recommend eating at Yassou Greek Grill Cafe and then go and admire the Blue Heron property next door and wish you had $800K to drop on it and then come back in 90 min.  The staff person I spoke with was friendly and helpful.
3	You're going to have to come here sometime- lost your card, name change, new baby in your family? Told you. Be prepared for a long line before the office even opens, so get there early. I knew that there were going to about 35 people in front of me. Bring an iPod, or a magazine or a book to occupy your time- might as well do something while you're waiting. It's like waiting at the DMV, but what else can you do? I think the last time I went here for a name change, it was just under two hours, total.
3	So back in 1986, my parents went to the SSA office to get my brother and I social security numbers. And upon doing so... Wait for it... They put down my date of birth wrong! I went about life just fine until the Real ID Act was implemented. And upon coming to this SSA office for a new SS card, I learned the truth - was I born on the 8th or 9th of September? My parents say the 8th, but the federal gov says the 9th. Thanks mom and dad!The first wait was horrendous. About two hours worth of waiting. Thankfully, the guy at window 15 was very nice. And instead of making me wait in line all over again the next TWO times over two days I had to come here to get everything all straightened out, he had me just come right back to his window. He remembered me, remembered the issue, and got it all taken care of. (I was, in fact, totally born on the 8th, not the 9th.)So while the wait is excruciating, the employees (er, at least the one I interacted with) was awesome. So it all evens out to 3 stars (can a gov agency really ever get more than 3 stars anyways?).If you decide to come right when they open, get here extra EXTRA early. The line starts forming at least an hour before the doors open. When you walk in, you go to a machine, push the appropriate button for the reason for your visit, and take a number. And then the waiting begins...
1	The long wait is terrible.  The guy at window #11 is rude and discriminates.  IT's a 1 hour round trip from where I live to this place.  I came in on Monday this week and took a number at the ticket machine right next to the front door.  I sat at the seat very next to the machine so I never went around to the main lobby area to see the ss applications in the lobby. After waiting for 1 hour, my number is called and I go to window #11.  Guy was so rude and bluntly told me that since I didn't have an application filled out ahead of time ( I didn't know that I needed a appliction for a replacement card) that I needed to get another number and get back into line.  So I just took an application and went home planning to come the next day because I didn't want to wait.  I came back yesterday (Tuesday) and sat in the main lobby area this time.  I saw the same guy working at window #11 again.  Then I saw a lady come to his window who also didn't have an application filled out.  He let her go over to the application stand and waited until she filled it out and he let her come back to his window!  How unfair was that!  I had to make 2 one hour round trips to this place because the guy at the window wouldnt let me fill it out at his window!  He completely discriminates and is totally rude. When I approached him and called him out about it yesterday, he denied it and threathened to call security.  So readers of Yelp, make sure you get in line early and watch out for rude guy at window #11.
3	One of the longest and slowest lines I have ever encountered. The wait hellish and makes the DMV feel like a day in the park. The cold room feels drab and a sense of despair hangs in the air. If I didn't know any better, I swear INS was waiting outside to deport people. With way too many people coming in and not enough seating, people were lingering outside the door and in the rocks. After an excruciatingly long wait, we got up to the desk and were quickly dealt with.
4	Quick service to obtain you're social security card.
4	I am impressed with this location! My boyfriend and I were in need of replacement social security cards so we came here expecting a lousy process to do so. We were happily surprised as they have a separate office who only handles the cards! We input our info in a kiosk that printed out a number, filled out a replacement application and were called up. We were in and out in less than 20 minutes and this was on a Friday!The office was nice, clean and air conditioned so the short wait was a breeze. We got a receipt and will have our new social security cards mailed out in 5-10 days. Social security cards are no charge and you are allowed up to 3 per year and a maximum of 10 per lifetime lol. This is the only location in the valley that handles cards so don't waste your time and go elsewhere like we did the first time, see other review!
3	It took 2 hours to be seen, but the clerk was certainly friendly and helpful and got me out of there in less than 10 minutes.
5	I am so glad that I did not listen to the hoop-la and negativity surrounding the visitation of this office.  I am also glad that I came on a FRIDAY! Key point!!  It made the errand a really quickly in and out deal. What made this visit so reportable was the customer service provided by JUANITA in WINDOW 15. In short, she was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about knowing EXACTLY what needs to happen in order for me to achieve my desired goal for the visit. I cannot stress enough, how helpful and supportive she was. May God bless her. If you need to visit this place for any reason, this one lady by far will make the visit and your exit as painless and pleasurable as possible.
3	It is what it is: a long, boring wait until they call your number and then they're done with you in 2 minutes. Very anticlimactic. Helpful tips:- Don't go at lunch. This will cause you to be at the SSA for 2.5 hours. - Take a book or something to occupy your time. - Don't take your children, it only creates a more hostile environment. - Help everyone out and learn what you should bring prior to showing up and fill out all necessary paperwork that can be printed off the website. Makes things go quicker.
1	For being Social Security they have Nothing for handicap access other than a button to open the door (going in only!!) the wait time is outrageous and the staff is just uninterested and bored with their job. One of the worst offices I have been in.
3	This place had a longer wait time then the dmv at noon. You feel as though something aweful is in here, just despair oozing out of people's pores as they wait for hours. Oddest thing is once you get up to a window, it only takes about 2 minutes.  A must if you need a new or replacement card in Clark County
4	I came here for a name change a few months back. I was expecting to sit and wait all day as that's how it is at the social security offices in California...surprisingly though without an appointment I was serviced pretty quickly! They have a very clean and large waiting area. Large enough that you can have empty seats around you.
2	My experience was not so great. Don't get me wrong the facility is nice and kept clean but the lines are ridiculous.  They have 19 windows but only have 5 windows open.  What the heck? That doesn't make any sense to me knowing that it's a federal facility. You know there are programs that calculate the amount of people who come in and out of the facility so I don't understand why they can't staff accordingly!!!  They also don't have enough seats available.  Many people were standing up and of course this makes people grumpy and cranking. Please consider adding more seats or rearranging the wait area.After the long wait we at least got a nice staff member who helped us out so I'm grateful they weren't a jerk who gives snippy attitude.  They were helpful so that is what bumped up the rating.My advice, go earlier and have breakfast first!
4	This is a government office, so of course there are going to be long wait times, but once my number was called things went swimmingly!I recently got married and I needed to head to the SSA office to change my name on my social security card. I looked it up online so I knew what they needed from me to change my name and I printed and filled out the application online. So, other than the wait time, once I got up to the window, she took about 7 minutes to stamp a piece of paper and hand it to me saying "you'll receive your new card in 2 weeks".Sweet! Thank you very much, buh-bye now!
2	The DMV has it more organized than this place with much larger crowds.  The only reason I give it two stars is the worker we had was super helpful and fast once we got there.
2	19 windows and just a few that are open.  How lame is that?!  I was expecting like a DMV wait, thankfully they are going through the numbers a little quicker.  It's the day after Christmas so perhaps that is why it is not as busy.  I made the mistake of going into the wrong office first, so luckily, my husband asked.  When you check in, make sure you go to the self service to get your number first and then wait like a couple hours later to be called, ha! I would eat prior to coming here because for as long as you have to wait, your tummy might be growling.  Fill out your app here, or go online prior.
2	I went in expecting the worst, and was partially right, lol. There are two separate offices, so I went to the office regarding dealing with Social Security cards. I was sure to have all of my documents ready, filled out my application online and printed it to take with me that day at 8AM. I waited in line for 1 hour outside, then waited 2 more inside until they finally called my number, only 6 windows were open! When it was finally my turn, the woman behind the counter tells me that I needed another document. So the next day, I return with the new document that I needed, and when the gentleman calls my number, he informs me that I DIDN'T need that new document after all!! =/
3	This place is so small to be serving all of Las Vegas. There are not enough seats for everyone. There are so many windows & they only use like 5. There is no information desk. That makes me mad because I could have saved my last 3 visits & almost 6 total hours if there was one. Most of the employees behind the counter are not friendly & seem kind of careless..
5	This office was super easy to find.  I lost my SS card so came for a replacement. I filled out the application online and printed it off before coming. The first office is for other ss docs while the second, not suite 150, is for ss cards. As soon as you walk in the kiosk is there to sign in and get your number. Seating is limited but when I showed up at 2:00 p.m. most seats were open. They close at 3:30 so if you aren't in by then, good luck. (A huge rush of people came in at 3).They were on A688 when I showed up. I ended up waiting for an hour before they called my number (A752). It wasn't a bad wait at all as long as you have something to occupy your time. I got to the window, gave the lady my application and ID and was out in 2 minutes. It'll be 2 weeks before I get my card in the mail, but the people were friendly and place was clean.  No complaints here!
5	Two other offices in Vegas: North Las Vegas (Craig and Simmons) and Henderson (Eastern south of St Rose parkway)....
4	Considering the last time I went to a SS office, it was in North town in the HOOD, I can NOT complain about my most recent experience. A new location (well not new, but not the old one that Vegas natives are use to) at Buffalo and Charleston. I hear the parking lot fills up but I had no issues getting a spot in the lot. I went at about 11am on a Monday. My expectations were not at all high. I was planning on waiting, and even told my daughter to bring headphones or something to read.We were number 204, and they were calling 116. Great, about 100 people in front of me. As I scrambled to find a seat in the sea of unhappy people I notice they were already at 122 and had about 8-10 windows open. A glimmer of hope. Within 40 minutes in the super uncomfortable metal chairs, I was about 5 numbers away. The gentleman I dealt with was very helpful and kind. He answered all my questions as I was there for a card replacement but it was under very odd circumstances. I was at the counter about 20 minutes when most were out in 5-10. However the pleasantness of the staff did not bring any impatience at all. The security looked useless and confused. Had anyone actually brought a gun, or started a fight, I am not too sure they would be able to control the situation. They are more there for presence or to answer silly questions. Overall, I did not have a bad time at all. No one enjoys coming to a place like this, but they stepped their game up. So I will take it in stride and enjoy! Sorry for those who had to wait hours, I can see how that could be possible, guess I got lucky.
4	I can only speak for the card services side, the benefits side was mobbed and looked pretty miserable. Thankfully, someone called out that card services were next door, so we quickly ran over there. My girlfriend needed a replacement card, and we pulled a number that was about 25 from the current number. It wasn't that crowded, and they went really quick, only maybe a 15 minute wait. The woman that helped us was really great, and made the process so smooth. Typically you're worried something crazy is going to happen, or mistakes are made, etc. This lady made sure everything was handled quickly, and we were out the door in like 5 minutes Great and fast service, exceeds expectations when thinking about government!
5	I'm not sure what all of the fuss is about. I came to this location for a duplicate social security card. I came prepared with required documents. Location was easy to find and the parking lot was pretty full. Monday 1245. I walked into the highly air conditioned room and pulled my ticket then found where the applications were and filled one out, noticing how packed the place was I got discouraged. I walked to my car filled it jot and came back in, standing against the wall until a seat opened. They were calling numbers extremely fast to my surprise, about a number a minute. I pulled my ticket at 1245 and left at 2pm. I was expecting a long wait but this was nothing! The man who helped me was extremely quick, just typed in the computer and gave me my receipt. Obviously places like these (including dmv) aren't going to be a joyous trip, but I was pleasantly surprised at the fast pace!
3	After driving by one day and seeing the line, I started searching online for advice on when to go. I was so happy I checked yelp to see there are actually two doors. Suite 150 is benefits, and the door to the left (Suite 100 I think) is for cards. The cards side is about half as busy as the benefits side.Since they open at 9am, I decided to just show up at 7:45am and camp outside on a Wednesday. I brought a towel, book, and a bottle of water. Some people brought pop-up tailgating/camping chairs. I was number 5 in line showing up that early. Not many people came after me - maybe 3 people? It wasn't until 8:20am when more people started showing up steadily, then around 8:45am in masses. By the time they opened at 9am, the line was around the building. If you show up right when they open, you'll be standing outside a while. It's not because there aren't chairs inside, but the machines you check into right when you walk in the door create a very slow moving line to get inside. I was walking back to my car at 9:07am, so my wait time was 75 minutes. The folks you're in line with will provide plenty of entertainment for you. The guy next to me who kept using a piece of paper as his telephone and talking to himself about how he's hungry and wants to grill himself "one of them anaconda snakes," made me want to start a live tweet from the Social Security Office. People were still checking in to get numbers when I was leaving and squeezing past them. The benefits side was a zoo.It's the typical government office wait, and it sucks. It's totally a one star thing. However, since there seems to be some sort of benchmark set for waiting, everything else ran smoothly. I came prepared with my paperwork filled out and more ID than you could possibly imagine. Around 8:30/8:45am, someone actually came outside and passed applications for a card out to the line.They opened promptly and started calling numbers. The security guards directed people as they moved inside to get their number, talking pretty sternly and authoritatively which helped move people quickly. The window I got was nice and efficient, did what I needed, and got me out quickly.
3	I needed to change my status with Social Security. This place is pretty far from me but I honestly heard really negative things about the other locations so I decided it would be worth the drive. This is place is pretty quick. Theres two entrances. The first door you see walking from the parking lot is where you line up for the Social Security Benefits. That line gets really long so come early! The second door you see is for just Social Security Card related inquiries. That line was pretty much non existent compared to the other line when I arrived at 9:30am. When you get inside there is a little computer where you can get your number so don't just sit down right away. Don't forget a grab a number! I honestly had no issues with this place up until I went up to a security guard to ask a simple question that needed just a simple answer, but what I got was a unappreciated, unnecessary, exaggerated answer. He replied to me in which he thought I was a little uneducated girl that did not know how to follow directions. I simply replied with, "Sir it was just a question the unnecessary attitude isn't needed." How rude. I over heard him talking to other people the same way. It's like, you work at a Social Security Office, Yes there will be repetitive questions but answer them accordingly. Acting like we are a bunch of idiots isn't going to make your job any better. Lady at the desk was very helpful though & she is a Breast Cancer Survivor. Extra star just for her! Other than that, if I had any issues with Social Security, I will defiantly return to this location for the lack of waiting time.
3	Finally decided to correct my Social Security card with the right DOB (guess it's been 1 day off since I was 12), and thanks to Stephanie K for directing me to the 2nd door furthest from the parking lot - guess it's pretty common for people to walk into the first door (benefits). The process was relatively quick and painless, I probably shouldn't have put it off for so many years since replacement cards are free.Note that the benefits office closes at 3, but the cards side is open till 3:30pm and you just need to be in the door by then. My strategy for places like this is to go right before closing since they want you out as quickly as possible. Going by the numbers, there were about 40 people ahead of me but the line moved pretty quickly - I was out within about maybe 45 minutes, so going on your lunch hour is doable at least. Office is depressing as hell, but it's clean w/ a lot of seating. There are guards on site and they were surprisingly needed to kick out a very angry lady and her elderly dad. I'm really not sure what could possibly piss you off at the cards office, but the guards were actually good at calming her down and let them back in eventually. They also made the 2 morons blasting youtube crap on their phone turn it off speaker, so yay for that.
3	1. Its a government office, expectations start at 0. 2. On a decent side of town. 3. Surprisingly quick, I think there were about 20 windows, maybe 15 open.  4. I saw an air force guy come in and he got to skip the line...always nice to show military appreciation.5. People from every span of life, including homeless and babies, and i didn't see any porters or maids, lesson: bring hand sanitizer. All in all, I hope i never need to go back here, but if i had to its cool.
5	Drove in had front parking!  Picked a number and within 15 minutes we were called and done with getting a duplicate SS Card.  FYI nice clean bathroom :)
2	The wait for a new card, not that long. The two stars is because some asshole backed into my car and took off without leaving any insurance info. Was a really nice surprise to come out to my car and see a bunch of paint missing. Conveniently there weren't any cameras that caught what happened. Oh well. Thank god I'm covered.
1	The security people are the most rude, disrespectful, egomaniacal jerks ever born...They love to hassle people when they are bored and push their weight around to feel better about themselves.  It is bad enough that you have to wait forever for services without these mean people there to harass patrons...In a city of 2 million people there needs to me more than one place to get a card...insane.
