4	It's either you like it or you don't. The idea is simple: there's one meal, offered in different portions. You have to eat it all in order to get dessert. If you don't, you have to make a donation to a charity, and the SL will match the amount. BUT, if you're a big girl and ate everything, ordered dessert AND leave some, THEN you're banned. FOR LIFE. Oh yeah, and the food. Well, the food in vegetarian. Everything is always accompanied by sorbet that you mix in your sauce. Whatever. You don't get there for the food as much as the foil paper on the wall and leopard seats.  I personally like it.
4	good affordable vegetarian restaurant with attitude (where the customer is not always right).for example:the decor is eclecticthere is only one menuthey charge for wateryou can get you meal in three sizes, all cost the sameyou have to eat everything on your plateyou cannot add salt or pepper to the mealif you don't finish your plate you will be lecturedif you pay by visa or interact, you will be charged extrathese guys know wasting food is a crime and they will charge you for it. so if you feel like being a smart-ass, this is not the place for you...
5	I daydream about how much I miss this wonderful Spirite  universe...I was last there in 2006 but the rule then was that you had to call in advance to make a reservation so that they would know how much food to make that day.  The meals are always delicious and the chocolate cake (sweetened with banana) brings tears of joy to my eyes.The decor is constantly changing and I recall that the starting cocktails were always tasty.  I'd come back to Montreal to spend a few more hours at le lounge.
3	Perfect place for any vegans or vegetarians visiting town.  They all seem to get a kick out of the whole premise of the place. Think of it as starring in your very own imaginary "Gay Vegan Nazi" episode of Seinfeld. Obey the rules or get banned for life. Be insulted or made fun of. Do not step out of line by asking for something like "salt" and definitely do not request to turn down the volume if the owner is listening to bad, loud disco.   But most people go not in spite of but because of the service. They get a kick out of the deliberately bitchy attitude that contributes to the Spirite Lounge's mystique. That said, after a few visits the "attitude" begins to feel like an elaborate and contrived schtick.  Once the novelty wears off, you're left with the food. And it seems like the restaurant has been running on fumes for the past few years after its heyday earlier in the decade. The fact is the food (although supposedly a rotating single menu without, of course, any choice) always tastes the same and thus gets boring very quickly (and I have begun to have the sinking suspicion that the sad truth is that it was just not very good to begin with).  In other words, a fun restaurant to try once for the novelty of the experience/surroundings. Go once and forever rest in peace.
5	Spirite Lounge is one of my most memorable meals of all time.  First of all, it is somewhat difficult to find the restaurant itself.  We showed up at the correct address, peered inside, and there was a room filled with fabrics and pillows on the floor, completely empty.  After walking up and down the street a few times, we went inside and discovered that further back there is a door that leads to the actual restaurant.The decor of this place really sets it apart.  When we were there (August) the entire place (walls, tables, etc.) had been wrapped up like a Christmas present, in paper and tinsel.  There were Renaissance-style paintings hung around the place where the waiter/owner/chef had cut out his own head and placed it over the head of the baby Jesus in the paintings.  There were also several nude portraits of our host hung around the place. There is one man who runs this place. He is the owner, the host, the cook, the waiter, and the dishwasher. We had been thoroughly warned by the internets that he is 1) likely insane, and 2) extremely tempermental. It was almost like the scene from the wizard of oz.  There we were shaking on our bones, asking please sir if we could have a table for two.   When we were finally seated, we were given the option of the larger or smaller portions.  The menu is price fixe.  My date went with the large, I went with the small (you must finish your portion or face his wrath).  Both our portions turned out to be the same size.  I guess the most astonishing part of the whole experience was that the food was really terrific.  It was not difficult to finish our meals, therefore we did not get yelled at.  It was one of the best meals I have had in my life.  Don't miss this place!
5	SAY IT AIN'T SO !!!!  CLOSED??   i just loved the spirite lounge,,  the demanding owner-chef was hilarious and his vegan fare was really tasty !!!
