4	Great course at a great price.  Interspersed within a residential community, this Arnold Palmer designed course is a great challenge, and well taken care of. It will be even better as the months go.  They have great practice facilities and a wonderful staff to make your experience enjoyable.  One negative comment...if you are a brat connossieur, I would advise against choosing the Grille's.
3	I'll start by saying The Legend has one of my favorite holes in the Valley.  I absolutely love carrying that lake on the 7th hole; I've hit some of my most proud shots there (right between the two palm trees, anyone?).  The course is very playable, and has a great layout.That said, the last time we played, it was in terrible shape.  There were burnt out spots on the fairways, and even on many of the greens.  The practice green was largely brown as well.  The condition was just unacceptable... I don't think I've ever played a course that was in such poor condition.  I'm reluctant to go back just for that reason.
4	Nice course. Definitely over priced. Fairways are wide. Rough is generous. Greens are very challenging but well cared for. Staff is nice too.
1	Poorly maintained. Bare dirt everywhere.
4	Played early, 6:48, to beat the heat.  Didn't help.  108 when we finished at 11:15.  Off season price is amazing, $21 for 18 with cart.  A lot more water on course than I would have imagined in the desert.  Some tight fairways through the houses and interesting, undulating greens.  Great staff from the club house, to snack bar, to cart barn and on the course drink cart.  Wonderful experience.
1	Terrible day. 6+ hour round.  No one took responsibility. Terrible breakfast sandwich. Filthy bathrooms. Course was burning out in May. Bought a Corona but they could not afford the lime. Someone needs to manage this course
4	$23.00 for the round. Greens; inconsistent, bumpy. Fairways; burned out period. Environment; beautiful !  I wish I caught this course in great condition. Not sure when that is? Good luck.
3	This course is always a good deal price-wise.  I do love the layout, just wish they maintained it a little better.  The putting green is very large to practice on and the range is decent.  Beer is appropriately priced and the cart girls tend to show up frequently.
1	Worst course experience.This course overbooks every day. They stack as many golfers as they can and it turns what should be a 3 hour round into 6 hours of ridiculous golf. Waiting upon waiting. Our cart died and it took 20 Minutes and 5 pages through the course gps to get a replacement. When calling the Clubhouse, the phone just rang. The staff doesn't seem to care at all when you bring it to their attention. This is the most unprofessional course I've been to and it happened every time I play there. Never again. I do not recommend this course at all.
