4	Normally chain places destroy whatever hairstyle I have and replace it with what looks like a balding 12-year-old.   But not here!  For about $15, I got a great cut that looked about as good as the $30 one I have to pay to not appear like a schoolchild with progeria.  The stylist was very nice, and even though it's across town I'd go again!
4	Brandy is an awesome manager and super stylist and Cheryl rocks it too! Excellent customer service.
4	Wow, A month flies by! It seems like yesterday that I was writing about my last hair cut by a very unfriendly hair stylist in Smart Style that reminded me of the late John Belushi's Samurai Warrior. In a month my hair grew fast and it was time for a hair cut. It was certain that I was not returning to the Samurai Hair Stylist. My best chance of avoiding a similar situation or a bad hair cut was to turn to Yelp. The reviews advised me to try the Eastern at Windmill (Smith's Plaza) Great Clips.  After a horrible hair cut that I had at a Great Clips years ago, I avoided that brand like the plaque. But if Yelp reviewers gave this Great Clips a good rating, then it was worth a second chance.  When I walked into this Great Clips it was a 180 change from my last hair cut at the Serene Avenue Walmart's Smart Style. They treated me like a human being and nicely had me fill out a form to be in their data base. Great Clips has entered the computer age. They encourage customers to use their smart phones to schedule appointments. This Great Clips utilizes the computer to remember your last hair cut. Maybe they could go a step foward and have a robot cut your hair. I'm sure that day will be coming.  My hair stylist Ginger was the antithesis of a robot or Samurai Hair Stylist. Disparite from the Samurai Hair Stylist who cut my hair at Smart Style, she explained to me the process the hair style she was going to give my hair and was very cautious in her work. Instead of shouting out, "head up" she was a good conversationist.   Nothing is perfect. And regardless that I am happy with the hair cut, I do have some slight constructive criticism. I feel that a shampoo and wash ought to be included. And that the hair cut should conclude with some styling gel.  I am happy with the hair cut. It looks good. And I am sure I will be reminded about it when Great Clips will send me emails after filling out the form.***The 2013 Yelp 200 Challenge. Review 110***
4	I've never had a problem here. I will receive coupons through the mail once in awhile but if there are none available I come here anyways. The stylists are friendly and are very accommodating.The inside is always kept clean and they don't force their products on you. I do like the fact that they keep a record of the cut you normally get but just make sure to remember it cause if you go to another location they will not have it in the system. Not much more to say but try it out for yourself if you happen to be in the area.
1	Watch out for this place. Never get your hair cut here. The manager brandy can't manage people or cut hair and the whole staff Kelsey, Nancy are sorry ass hairstylist. This type of salon is for beginner stylist. Oh and I almost forgot the owners of  this chain are terrible people.  Money hungry do not care about the staff or customers. This goes for the general managers Chris and Yvonne. Save you're 13 go somewhere else.
5	Needed a haircut fast and this place was around the corner from where we were staying. The 2 girls, one heavier short haired blond and one younger hispanic did a fantastic job on my 2 boys. I'd definitely go back.
5	This is the second time I have been here and both times I haev had Mimi.  She has done an awesome job both times and really pays attention to detail. I have tried a lot of differnt places and so far, this place has been the best for me.  I know when you go into a place, you never know how experienced the person it, but from what I have seen, Mimi is a TRUE professional and takes a lot of pride in how she cuts your hair.
1	NO STARS. RUDE RUDE RUDE. ok, I'll stop shouting. Seriously though. If you hate your job, find another. You specifically went to school to become a stylist. But it's apparent that you hate your job, children, clients, and life in general, Miss Jackie. Do everyone a favor and quit, if you don't get fired first- because you should not be allowed to bring your misery upon anyone else - ever again. From the moment we walked in the door and she approached us, I could tell she didn't want to be there and we bothered her. We have never been to this location and she had to enter my son's info. That must have pissed her off because she was snotty. A few people were a head of my son. So we waited. Store seemed clean and organized. My son was called back and lucky us, Jackie was his stylist. I watched from the waiting area as she did some weird bowl cut in my son. His hair is always buzzed short on sides and then scissor cut on top so he can spike up the front. His squared neck line that I requested is a mess and not straight. His neck was knicked. He has holes.  This is the biggest mess of a cut my son has ever received. The DAY BEFORE MIDDLE SCHOOL. THANK YOU to the inept and RUDE stylist. You have made an already stressful day way worse. She did not take responsibility at all. She played the blame game. She knew we were not happy, and did nothing. She also told my 11 year old son he couldn't have a sucker out of the container that is sitting on the counter. I was already out the door and had to go back to tell him he certainly could. Will never ever go back. My grandfather has been going to this location for quite a while and after hearing how we were treated - he won't be back either. Trust I will be telling everyone I come in contact with. I'm normally ok with hair mishaps. It's hair and it grows back. But this woman needs to learn better technique. You can't add hair to my boy. You cut it wrong and too short to begin with. And your feeble attempt to fix it after I had to tell you what to do again made it even shorter. You will forever be doomed to a life of $10 cuts Jackie. Sorry to say that you have no skill- people or professional. If you can't cut a tween boy's hair - hate to see the hack jobs women get from you. Buyer beware. You get what you pay for. Always.
1	I was greatly disappointed and left in tears. I went to get a haircut and donate my ponytail. I told her I wanted 10 inches taken off. She showed me how long and indicated a spot between my shoulder blades. She takes off the ponytail and starts on the cut. When she gets to the front it is at jaw length. I asked her what was up and she said it had to be that short. She gets ready to do my bangs and I had to point out that there was almost an inch difference between the left and right. So it goes even shorter. I pay and leave and find the ponytail is 13 inches long. She was obviously very new and poorly trained. I wanted more styling and shaping, but was afraid to let her touch my hair any more. I'll never go back and will discourage anyone else from going to here or any Great Clips. Honestly if she can't do her job or ask any questions then I'm guessing they don't care about quality.
