5	Awesome business, fast and will meet you anywhere. Defiantly recommend to any one. Ryan was very polite and knowledgeable about my iPhone and it works better than before.
5	Ryan was very professional and quick! I called at 1:24PM, he met me at Starbucks and had my cracked screen replaced by 2:12PM. It works great. I would highly recommend this services for iPhone repairs.
1	Don't go here for your repair. They state that they warranty their products and services but if you are like me then they will fix your screen but screw up your graphics board and then leave you hanging to pay to fix it yourself. The problem wasn't their prior to the repair even with the cracked screen so I can only assume that they caused it when the screen was repaired. I feel bad leaving a bad review because Ryan the tech was great but the management team will not do what is right for the customer and fix the issue they caused. Avoid the hassle and go somewhere else for your repairs.
5	My daughter dropped our first gen ipad and shattered the screen so I was either going to pay $500 for a new one for my 3yr old or try and get the screen replaced. I found I cracked thru yelp and It was super convenient they meet me at work picked up my ipad and brought it back a few days later. Ryan was extremely professional and went out of his way to get the service done right the first time.
3	I am providing an update on the screen repair on behalf of the Tech Ryan.  In the end the company did replace the iPhone with a similar model in similar condition.  It was not something that was offered up front and Ryan was really good about doing everything in his power to make sure that the issue was resolved.  Would I use iCracked again?  I don't know, But I do honestly believe that Ryan, the Tech, is a good tech and will take care of you as a customer.  I can't honestly give more than 3 stars for the process but if I could give Ryan a rating on him and his service then it would be 5 stars.
5	Work was completed promptly and professionally. Ryan did a great job with the repair and was very courteous. The screen was like new and we are very grateful. I would certainly recommend them for iPhone repairs in the future.
5	I dropped my IPhone this morning and shattered the screen.  I was at home, not feeling well, so I searched the net for the nearest, cheapest repair place because this is the only phone I use.  I found ICracked and contacted them.  Tim responded and we arranged an appointment for him to come to my home.  I was a little afraid turning my phone over to a complete stranger.  I thought the repair would be done in my home.  Tim explained that it had to be done in a dust fee environment.  Within an hour and a half he was back.  My phone is perfect, crack free with a screen protector too.  He did an awesome job.  Perfect service, great price. I would recommend to my family and friends.
1	I scheduled an appointment with Ryan for 1130. He never showed up. The first text I got from him was not until 12:30. I called icrackedit.com to let them know what happened and they gave me 2 other tech's information. One tech said he does not repair ipods and the other tech said he just used his last ipod screen and it would take up to a week for a new shipment with the holidays around the corner. Luckily one of the techs actually referred me to another company in downtown Phoenix called "Hookup Cellular". This company repaired my ipod touch for $55 (icrackedit quoted $80) in one hour (icrackedit said it would be an overnight repair job)! Thanks for the recommendation icrackedit!!!
