4	My flatmate plays ice-hockey so I have trooped out to the Murrayfield Ice Rink on a number of occasions to root for her team ( and get really cold!).I have to admit I had never been in an ice rink before and I was impressed. It feels a bit stuck in the past (flashes of the movie Mighty Ducks kept creeping into mind). It's a very decent size rink, particularly busy during the day on weekends. It attracts a lot of the local teenagers, who can't just make it to the pub yet and come here to hang out instead. Don't let this discourage you renting out their (a bit old) skates for 6 pounds and giving it a go. Personally, I won't be skating. All I want to do is get on to the ice-smoothing machine thingy!There are a lot of Lothian and first buses who come here from the city centre, namely the 12,26 and 31.  If you are going to head here for an ice-hockey game wrap up warm!
4	Ah, good times. Murrayfield Ice Rink to me is chilly memories of unsure gliding circuits round the rink, when I went to a weekend skating club called Normandy, which was basically for the purpose of checking out boys and posing in my latest Tammy Girl number, rather than actually improving at skating or showing off any athletic ability. Although I do remember skating round the rink to Robert Miles and watching some other awesomely skilled ice skaters do their thing, and thinking I'd be keen to learn to ice skate properly, because it just looks so graceful and amazing if you can do it properly. Anyway, I suppose the concept of an Ice Rink is fairly self explanatory, so if you fancy a day of icy, slippy, fitness, then Murrayfield is the place to go. If you're into ice hockey, you can also watch quite a few games here. I also once attended a disco skating night here, where again, I skated about posing and checking out boys, but at night time rather than during the day. I have absolutely no idea if they still run such a night, because I'm about 15 years too old to have a clue now, but I remember at the time thinking it was brilliant.
