3	This Quizno's is a pretty good Quizno's.  The dudes there are very efficient and get things done.  I've always enjoyed the toasty subs and peppers you can find at Quizno's.  However, I am disappointed by a recent product I purchased at this location.  I decided to try out a "bullet."  $3 for a 6 inch sandwich - sounds perfect.  Unfortunately this "bullet" sandwich is tiny.  Kind of like a breadstick with sandwich toppings.  So, yes, it is 6 inches long - but it is not very wide.  I'm tired of restaurant value offerings that aren't really values.  I'm also tired of misleading menu pictures.
4	Your standard Quiznos. Good food. Good service. Nice location. I can recommend this location wholeheartedly. Nothing truly negative worth mentioning.
3	The Quizno's is within walking distance from where I work so I'll usually go and grab a small Cobb Salad.  Priced at just under $4.00 you get a nice little serving that will tied you over until dinner.  One tip, ask them to put your Blu Cheese on the side.  They usually pile too much on there and Blu Cheese is already powerful so it can get to be too much.  It also comes with Chicken, Bacon, Eggs, and tomatoes.  You can add to it also; I always add onion.  The one thing that I don't like is that it comes in this little bowl and they pack so much in there that it makes it difficult to eat.  Here's my solution...place half on the lid and keep the other half in the bowl.  Eat one half then the other and you will truly enjoy this salad.
3	A fine place to go when in a hurry but it is just a hair better than subway. The turkey and guacamole is pretty good and the condiment bar a plus. Try the Thai place next store if you are in the mood for a little more unique experience.
1	Very slow the few times I have been. Right near work so it's convenient. I called in an order today only to find out no one knew about the order. I did not eat all day and was starving.I spent my entire 15 minute break in there and still walked out empty handed. They had already took down the online ordering system. This place is under new management and I can't imagine what it was like previously if this bad now. I will just be hungry because they are not worth a dime of my money and it's not convenient if I call in an order for no apparent reason and spend my entire break in there.
1	Don't have menu itemsWent there to get a lobster macaroni and cheese, the last time I went they did not have lobster, this time they did not have lobster AGAIN, so I ordered plain macaroni and cheese, after waiting 10 minutes they told me they had macaroni but NO CHEESE???
2	Very slow during lunch.  Guy put on the wrong sauce (should've been peppercorn) which essentially, ruined my sub.  I normally would've taken it back, but the line was so long, I didn't wanna screw over anyone else's lunch. Their toaster needs re-calibrated as our sammiches weren't very "toasty."  Weak.  Go to Jersey Mikes instead.
