4	If you're looking for authentic Greek dishes in an atmosphere that makes you feel like you're in the mediterranean, then Ellada is definitely worth a try.Friday and Saturday nights this place is filled to the brim with locals who come to listen to the live Greek music, and enjoy the many delicacies this restaurant has to offer. My favorite dishes include the shrimp (every preparation method), the grilled octopus, and the lamb chops. Oh, and you must start with the fried zucchini and eggplant with an order of tzatziki!Want to pair your meal with a fine bottle of wine? Tell your waiter your preferences, and he will recommend something just up your alley! (I haven't had one order go wrong yet!)One thing I must warn about: make reservations early; I've had last-minute reservations and have waited 30-45 minutes to be seated -- but there is a small bar to hang out by to help pass the time.
1	One of the lousier restaurants in Montreal. Before we get into the food and all that, I'll have you know that it randomly closes despite taking reservations for that night. I know someone who reserved a table for a business meeting there at 8 pm with out-of-town execs, and when they showed up the doors were locked and the place was closed for the night. You're probably thinking who the hell would have a business meeting there, when Milos, Ferreira, etc exist, but that's besides the point.Now for the ambiance - the interior is wall-to-wall plaster reproductions of ancient greek murals and there are framed pics of Greek islands and all that kitschy shit littering every wall. A real eyesore. The staff don't give one shit about you or your order. I have seen appetizers take more than an HOUR to come out from the moment you order. In the meantime, they bring you stale bread and a dish full of sunflower seed oil to dip it in. Literally, stale bread that was baked two weeks ago. Now, the rest of the food has moments of brilliance - the sausage, chicken, and lamb meat platters are really good, and the Greek salad is satisfying. There isn't a whole lot on the menu to be honest, but what's done well is done really well. I don't know why the owner(s) don't just strip out all the ugly decor, run the restaurant responsibly, and encourage the chef to keep it up. It could have been very decent, but once again the lazy Quebec loser attitude and allergy to money torpedoes another business.
5	So in the spectrum of Greek restaurants, I would call Ellada great but not quite off-the-charts. They aim for the upper middle range and hit it just right.We had an unusually large group and they opened an hour early for us, which is a particularly remarkable level of service outside the US. The service was attentive but not intrusive and very accommodating. The food was fresh and tasted great. We were greeted with a mound of traditional village white bread and olives steeped in oil oregano and rosemary. One person made a comment that they would have liked butter, but kept on dipping, so it probably wasn't a big deal. A series of samplers came out in sequence followed by a particularly good Greek salad and finished off with a mixed grill of lamb, pork, chicken and beef.After all, Greek cuisine is about simple peasant food prepared with care. Freshness and seasoning is paramount, any error is glaring. The fact that all the food was spot on speaks volumes! In fact, one of my frequent beefs is greasy fried food due to improper preparation and maintenance of the fryer. We had both calamari as an appetizer and lokoumades  for dessert and both were exceptional in being hot, crispy and not greasy at all!One of my little quirks is to check out the men's bathroom as a predictor of the quality of the food. Restaurants that aspire to some greatness but don't have the resources renovate the women's restroom first. Here the WC has some cool design elements, echoing the main dining hall's tile and sculptural motif. They also had a DJ the Saturday night we were there, but we left before the party got going, so I'm not sure why he was playing the boring stuff he was playing. The background music during our dinner was way better!As you can tell, I was impressed, but To justify the 5-star review (because they are not a "Milos"): they don't aspire to a celebrity dining moniker and they are a much better value with food that is probably as good with a notch lower ambience and service. They achieve their dining niche with unusual flair.
