3	Goodwill is a great place to take all the useable stuff piling up around your house.  I like this one because the people working the drop off are always really quick and helpful.  They have a huge variety of stuff you never knew you needed.  After you get rid of a carload, you can use the discount coupon on your receipt to pick up the patio furniture someone else didn't need or that Bob Marley T-shirt you didn't expect to find.
2	I shop Goodwill alot.. This store is fairly new, when it first opened I enjoyed coming to it..its now turned from a upbeat modern looking thrift store.. to a nasty horrible looking one.alot of their items are overly priced (although I have found some real good items priced way below value- Nearly new Palm Tungston e2 complete with box for only $7.99 is a steal)store is filthy at timesI still will go here to "check" for good deals2 stars just because you never know what you'll find!
4	This Goodwill has a ton of stuff.  Its much more organized than others.  The staff here are friendly and kind which always makes for a better thrifty experience. They have a boatload of clothes and a decent housewares section.  The furniture section is a bit low end but you never know when you might find a gem.  That's the thrill of the thrift store hunt!I love their bedding and linens section.  They have tons of sheets, blankets, place mats, towels etc.  No, I'm not above using previously owned linens, though I do draw the line at underwear (they have that too).  Everybody has their boundaries and mine is other people's undies, I just can't go there.  As for everything else...why not?  Thrift stores are a great way to recycle other people's old stuff into things that are new to you (and visa versa)!
3	Love/hate relationship... Some things are way over priced... I know it is for a good cause but, 10.00 for a dress? Used? Come on! Also, shoes can be up to 50.00 wtf? Ive seen fake coaches in these for 90.00... I know its donations and to help the community but, when I go in there to browse around I think to my self what about the people that come in here because, they are less fourtante? 20.00 jeans!? 20.00 shoes!? 30.00 coffee pots?!? Come on now...
