4	A little shop on the triangle where Neil Street and Walnut Streets converge.  They made great use of the space.  Lots of teas of course, but also Ghiardelli chocolate, other gourmet foods, coffees, spices, tea accessories, candy, and more!  Great gift place.  The owner is so cool and can answer all your brewing questions.  So much charm and character.
5	I've been going here since I was literally a wee one. I used to go for the Walker's shortbread but still go for the teas and other treats. The owner is awesome (and even remembered me on my last visit). It's a great little shop.
4	Very nice place with a rich selection at expected premium prices.I love that there's a cozy place in town where you can get tea from all over, funky sweet or salty licorice, and a huge selection of chocolates. A friend gave me a tip: their Columbian coconut coffee (wonderful!).Here's another tip: the hours state that they close at 4 on Saturday, but they actually stay open until 5. Here's a transcript of the conversation that exemplifies small-town America (at it's quirky best):Me: I thought you closed at 4!Her: Nope, we used to, but we stay open until 5.Me: But the door says 4...Her: Yep, but we like to stay open in case someone wants something.Me: So, you're only open this week?Her: Nope, every week. We close at 5.Me: Do you ever close earlier, if it's busy?Her: Well, we like to stay open until 5.....So, know that the "secret hour" exists if you have that craving for Gustav's soft licorice drops at 4:30 on a Saturday.
4	Cute shop. Lost a star for having tea that expired A YEAR AGO! Check the date before you buy it! I did buy some tea still, they carry Golden Moon! And they have it where you can buy tea bag samples, that's awesome. I bought 5 oz of their "Blue Eyes" tea blend, smells amazing. Prices for the selection is overpriced, but I was in the area, and with the shipping of buying the tea I like online, it turned out to be cheaper.
3	This place is an institution for me.  I have memories of picking out candy here as a tiny little thing, and later tea as a teen and adult.  I like to stop in whenever I'm in town, just for old-time's sake... not really to purchase, because I certainly can't justify their spendy price point now that I'm a thrifty twenty-something!Now that I've seen bigger and better, it's hard to not compare WSTCo to some of the fantastic tea supply shops I've found in the world.   Places with much better and more varied stock, and more reasonable prices.  But this is Champaign, specialty demands spendiness.
4	Although this shop is located in downtown Champaign, it does not sit directly on the strip that gets the bulk of foot traffic, and thus it might be easily overlooked.  The first time I stopped in, I couldn't help but feel instinctively that this was one of those magical curiosity shops from my childhood books: all crowded aisles and dusty shelves piled to the ceiling with colorful fare.The primary product sold here is tea (of course), and they've got plenty of it in all brands, flavors, and forms.  Thankfully, they carry Traditional Medicinals, a set of herbal teas that are invaluable for getting me through the cold/flu season.  Many of the big brand teas (Harrisons and Crosfield, Twinings, Stash, Republic of Tea, etc.) are available in both loose-leaf and teabag form.  Reluctant about paying $10 for a box of tea that you might not like?  You can make up your own variety pack by buying from their stock of individual tea bags (usually less than $0.50 per bag).  If you're a novice and just want to sample different kinds of tea, there is also the route of buying some of their self-serve bulk tea.  In the winters, I am a big fan of the Seattle Market Spice; for summers, I usually pick a mild fruity tea (like black currant) for brewing ice tea.  I do question their storage method (left in transparent glass jars on open shelves) as I'm pretty sure tea is supposed to be kept somewhere dark and dry to maintain freshness.Aside from a variety of teas, they also carry bulk spices, bulk coffee, tea cakes/biscuits, jams, chocolates, and soup mixes.  The shop owner will help grind your coffee upon request.  Most of the candy and snacks sold here are quality items produced by small or foreign companies not commonly found in regular grocery stores.Shopping for a gift?  You can find teapots and teacups (both classic European-style ceramic and some of the Asian variety), as well as other tea-time accessories (including strainers, spoons, cloth napkins, etc.).  Some of the teas are sold in old-fashioned, decorative tins--these make charming presents for a tea-lover you may know.For the total foodie maniac, this place may not be all that impressive in the products they carry, but it's still more than adequate for a town like Champaign.
1	Factoring in what I originally stated about the tea that expired a year ago, all the teas I bought ALSO tasted OLD! :( I am thinking they don't have good turnover. The Golden Moon tea doesn't taste like anything I bought from Golden Moon. I am thinking some of those teas have been on the shelf a long time. If you are in a pinch for some teas, this place will do. But if you love quality and freshness, AVOID! Also, you aren't suppose to keep tea in clear containers, tea is light sensitive. The teas I bought from the jar taste stale and bad.
4	I've only ventured to this place a time or two, even when I lived above BLDD downtown, but I liked this place a lot. The store alone has a ton of character and it's just charming in itself. I also loved the array of chocolate they had. It would make a great place to go to find some uniquely delicious gifts. Mmm!
4	So many of my favorite elements come together in this store.  Tea, I adore it!  Champaign, one of my favorite cities!  Shopping with my daughters over the years, obviously priceless!I have gotten presents from my daughters and bought myself treats here.  They have cool tea pots, mugs, tea bag holders, teas and candies.  (They even have coffee stuff here but I focus on the tea items.)It is a tiny little store which is crammed with cute things to buy.  If you are in the CU area, you should explore downtown Champaign and get yourself a spot of tea (or those addictive caramels) while you are on your exploration.Got tea?
4	I love going to this shop every time I'm in Champaign, which is several times a month, and it's the source of nearly all the dark chocolate I eat.  They have products in all categories that I've never heard of, and I love trying a new tea or soup mix now and then.  The chocolate bars and candies selection is awesome, and if you're lucky, there will be some almost or just expired on the sale table at delicious prices.  If you like gourmet dry mixes, (soup, dip, rubs, scones etc) they have a large selection.  As for coffee - I love their selection, and the fact that you can buy as much or as little as you want with the bag it yourself system, and they will grind it for you to the fineness you request.  There is always some coffee brewed and on hand for samples, tho keep in mind you can't purchase a cup, you have to go to the next block for a real, whole cup of coffee.If you like imports, there are quite a few - Italian candies, honey, European goods, dozens of tea and coffee accessories, kitchen items.Mill V left a really bad review which I'd like to partially validate, though I entirely disagree with the 1 star rate.  This shop has fresh tea, and it has stale tea.  ALWAYS check the dates on a box of consumables when shopping anywhere!, and avoid teas and other herbs that are sold in clear glass jars.  This shop does have a sale table for the out of date foods and teas with awesome sale prices which I often take advantage of, but not for the tea which really shouldn't be kept past expiry. Personally, I shop online for truly fresh and awesome green teas, tho I do occasionally get a box or canister of something at Walnut St if I've never heard of it.
5	This is one of my favorite shops! They have really good prices on tea, and they sell coffee too! It is the best place to get tea infusers, and they have all kinds of cute ones like ones that look like tea bags, and the one that looks like a monkey. The staff is really friendly and they seem to know what they are talking about.
4	Went to visit this place for the first time yesterday and I was impressed. The selection of candies, coffee, home made goods and my favorite tea made this one of my new favorite shops in the area. The selection of teas was nice but I agree with the other reviewers that the storage of it was a bit off. I bought a couple ounces and can't wait to try it! They lost a star with me because of the crowded feeling I got" there were maybe 5 customers other then my boyfriend and I in the store. There was an employee blocking a good deal of stuff I wanted to see stocking stuff on shelves and overall I just felt squished. Pleased with everything else tho!!!
2	So many options of tea to choose from. The shop isn't crowded most of the time but when it is crowded it is hard to move around the shop because there isn't much space to move around in. They do have coffee but just like the tea it doesn't seem to be stored correctly. This is a great little shop to get gifts for your mom or grandmother. The items might be a little overpriced but if you like tea you are sure to find something here you like.
5	I don't want to over sell the place, but Walnut Street Tea Company is amazing. I haven't explored the coffee selection (although it seems impressive), but their bulk spice selection is fantastic. The bulk tea selection is also impressive. I've bought a few other items there, too... a mortar and pestle, a pink Himalayan salt grinder, a cute leaf thing designed for used tea bags. He women working there are very pleasant and friendly. And honestly? The prices are fantastic. If you like cooking, tea, and/or coffee, you should go there.
