5	My new favorite restaurant.  They have 22 different fish dishes ranging from $16-23, at least a dozen different kinds of pizza slices ready for you to pick out of the case, soups, salads, and 15 kinds of pasta that they will serve with any of 4-6 different sauces.  The food is so yummy!  I rate it 5 stars because the menu is huge, it fits a niche market that is in need of more restaurants, the people are warm and friendly, food is all freshly prepared but the wait is not long, and it is reasonably priced.
5	GreAt food awesome service . The best fish in town . Must go and check it out . The menu will blow your mind . Way too much to choose . They have something for everyone .
5	Walking into this place looks nice and well kept. I liked the setup they have. I'm giving this place five star rating not for how nice and casual it is but for the food. I haven't tried everything on the menu yet, but I will that's my plan in the near future. I have had at least five items from the menu so far and I got hooked.  It all tasted to what I expected it to and I'm glad for that because there isn't a lot of kosher restaurants out here, so it's nice to know I can get kosher food in a restaurant and enjoy it. The menu selections are awesome a lot to choose from, so there's something for everybody that loves to eat from pastas to pizzas and so on. By the way this place is dairy only. Give them a try you will enjoy it.
5	I agree with the other reviewers.  Haven't seen a menu like this since I lived in New York.  Had the eggplant parmesan, their cream of cauliflower soup, and incredible grilled vegetables.  I would go back there in a heartbeat!  And, yes, the fish part of the menu is incredibly extensive ...next time we'll try the fish!  Go eat in good health!
5	Very family friendly kosher restaurant, the pizza is amazing, very fast service, taste delicious, prices are very good!!! Nathan the owner is very nice & family oriented guy that will make this place happenin!!!!
5	Great selection of delicious pizza varieties!
4	Great food and portions were ok.  Order at the counter and they'll bring it to you at the table when its ready.  Everything is Vegan and Vegetarian Kosher which is really tasty.  Had the lasagna and very satisfied.
5	Love this new spot!!! They definitely have the NY feel, food is amazing, great variety of food, family owned business, I'll take this over any franchise pizzeria!!! Prices are very competitive and service is amazing , so glad we have a new pizza spot , they is so much more than a pizzeria!
5	I had no idea this gem was only two blocks from my church. The pizza is amazing. The cheese, the sauce and the bread are all delicious. It has a New York feel to it as well - all the pizzas are on display; you pick a slice and they heat it up for you. The service is great as well - super friendly staff. I'm sold on this place and honored to be a regular.
5	I had the privilege to come to La Bella's for lunch yesterday... I had a cheese calzone -- fresh and tasty. You can definitely tell everything here is fresh. I love the display window with the pizza, calzone and Stromboli. I will definitely be back!
4	The restaurant is still new with the new feel.  Simple fast food pizza environment  with a kosher twist.  The food tasted excellent,  the portions generous and the prices were for the most part friendly. The menu board is hard to read you'll have to catch it at the right angle to read. The decor is simple industrial with the ubiquitous concrete floor you run into almost every where now. Don't hesitate to visit and eat here the experience is positive for a kosher pizza joint.
3	I was surprised that the restaurant  was kosher when I tried to order  a sausage pizza. The restaurant was busy for early Sunday.  The pizza we ordered  was nice and fresh a little too much cheese. We liked the gnocchi but the sauce was a little too salty. The garlic  bread was crusty with a lot garlic. Service was fast. The interior was simple
4	When my friend suggested we meet for lunch at LaBella, I immediately looked it up on Yelp and read some of their stellar reviews.  I also checked out their menu online and was blown away by all of the options.  Sure, this place is Kosher / Vegetarian, but there is definitely something for everyone here.I love that it's a fast-casual concept.  Order your food at the counter and they will bring it to you when it's ready... friendly service as well.I went for the spinach salad and added salmon.  I couldn't resist picking out a slice of the eggplant pizza as well.  (I love that you can choose from tons of different pizza slices and calzones from the case right by where you place your order!)  Everything I had was fresh and delicious.  Needless to say, it filled me up for the rest of the afternoon.If you are kosher or vegetarian or meeting someone for lunch or dinner that is either one, LaBella is a fabulous option.  They also offer take-out, delivery, and catering.
5	We have eaten here a few times since they have opened. With every visit we enjoyed the food and costumer service. Everyone there is friendly. We really enjoyed the Mexican food on Sundays and Tuesdays.
5	Superb!The closest thing to NYC Italian cooking for 2,500 miles.  I picked up pizza and a salad for an airport run.  What a find, and in my own neighborhood.  Thanks so much gym-buddy Daryl for the referral.
5	In a world where Excellence, Quality, and Service are often hollow echoes of promises, it's nice to find a business whose staff and product back up all three.  LaBella is one of those rare companies that offers an excellent product for a fair price and goes above and beyond to ensure customer satisfaction.I happened to notice LaBella Pizzeria when they were added as an option to my favorite delivery website.  Since then, I've ordered delivery from them a couple of times, and I want to spread the word about this great restaurant! Here are just a few ways that LaBella stands out:- Delivery Presentation - I tend to be a homebody, so I've only ordered delivery from LaBella so far.  Over the years, I've grown to expect poor and/or basic presentation for delivered food.  In stark contrast with my expectations, LaBella goes above and beyond, taking care to ensure that cold items are delivered crisp and cold, hot items are delivered fresh-from-oven hot, and nothing ever looks 'dishevelled' until after I get ahold of it :).  Seriously - their delivered food looks like a neat in-person restaurant presentation, just in a takeout container.  - Delivery time and Order Staging - My average delivery time has been about 40 minutes to an hour, but each of my orders included baked pasta items, so that's a fair timeframe, especially considering drive time.  As far as order staging, it was easy to tell that the salads/cold items were assembled right before sending the order for delivery instead of when the pasta went in the oven - another nice touch of excellence. - Fresh, delicious food - Every time I've had their food, it has been immaculately fresh, featuring balanced flavors and high-quality ingredients.  It's wonderful to find a place that doesn't rely on the old standbys of 'make it salty' or 'make it sweet' - the flavors and seasonings are clean, balanced, and complementary.    Some of my personal favorites are their Caprese Salad and their Insalata Bella.  As an added plus, the marinara is also phenomenal *.  - Fantastic customer service - The second time I ordered via the delivery website, one of the items I ordered was sold out.  LaBella contacted me promptly and offered a substitution which I accepted.  Not only was the alternate item delicious, but they unexpectedly threw in a slice of tasty pizza too!  I thought it was a really nice way to go above and beyond for a negligible inconvenience, plus now I know what their pizza tastes like (hint:  it was awesome - good marketing, guys!) I haven't had the opportunity to sample anything from their extensive seafood menu yet, but I think that's where I'm going to head next time. In short, everything I've experienced with them speaks to their attention to detail, commitment to excellence, and dedication to customer satisfaction - thus the 5 stars.  I'm really psyched to have LaBella Pizzeria in the neighborhood (and better yet, offering delivery), and I look forward to seeing them thrive!*PS:  I speak of the marinara as a former Italian restaurant owner/chef - I think it's awesome.
2	I've never heard of a pizza place that doesn't have real pepperoni.  The crust taste good but the sauce was very salty.  The French onion soup taste like it came from a can.  The Fettuccine Alfredo was so bland it was like they just added cream and no other flavors.  The chocolate shake was about the only thing that was good.  I'm really confused as to how this place gets so many good reviews.
4	As the kosher places go in town, this should be the model. Bright, clean modern and most of all pretty good with a wide selection. The menu includes pizza, Italian food, fish dishes, sushi and even fries. You may wonder what do fish, sushi and pizza all have in common. And the biblical answer is they all lack "meat"I tried a pizza roll, a slice covered in pasta and a slice with a giant crust and some fries. Part of the fun is the new york style ludicrous pizza with odd toppings. The overall taste is decent and prices are great, especially for the kosher thing.If you are looking for good kosher dairy fair or some unique pizzas check this place out, just don't expect to find any meat.
1	I just ordered this got pizza Garlic bread and mozerella sticks and cheese fries well I'm from NYC and this ant no New York pizza everything was ice cold the mozerella sticks the cheese was ice cold inside didn't even stretch the cheese garlic bread was full of parsley nothing Elsa bread felt stale cheese fries was cold cheese horrible ! Never willOrder again never ever can eat better at dominos !
5	Came in with a group of friends and they did a great job accommodating all of us. All of their pizzas are really good and I love that they have snapple! Overall really nice place and I'll be back for sure
5	I highly recommend this place. Great service and wonderful food. I will definitely be back to eat here again.
4	Very good pizza, friendly and helpful staff, extensive menu.  And kosher to boot.  But I was not particularly enamored of the "mexican" food served Tuesday's and Sundays.  Stick with the pizza.
5	This is some of the best pizza I've had in a very long time.  Good pizza in Arizona is hard to come by.  I got the lunch special and then I decided to get a slice of grandmas thick crust pizza.  So good!
