5	My husband and I took our thirteen-month old son for his portrait on Saturday. There was a computer glitch that placed us at 12:20 instead of the 11:20 that I'd requested. Even though they were fully booked, they fit us in.Ben, the photographer who took our son's pictures, was quite good. Not only were the pictures excellent, he was so good with the baby and made him smile for all the pictures. I've been to a lot of other Picture People places throughout the US, but this was the BEST one by far. The staff is extremely friendly and professional and the pictures come out great. There's no pressure to purchase huge packages of photos and they accept coupons. I'm definitely planning to book our Christmas photos there, hopefully we'll get the same photographer as last time.
5	Why waste your time trying to buy camera? After all you're probably lose it, if not you'll probably break it. And do you know how to focus? For one 10th of the cost you will get a professional picture.
5	Wow!!! Ben was fantastic!  Upon arrival he introduced himself to my three kids and got their names along with high fives. They loved him! He got them to giggle which showed through in their pictures. He captured the pure fun like they have at home.  I am so... pleased with our pictures and will be back to visit soon. The best part is you get to leave with your pictures!!!!  Thanks Benjamin!!
5	Best Picture People experience I've had in the past three years!  We were visiting from Los Angeles and decided to do a family photo with 6 adults and 2 little ones.  Amy the photographer took awesome photos with several different combinations and positions while getting it all done in under 30 minutes!  She was able to get both of my kids' attention and capture beautiful photos with grandparents.  From the beginning of our visit with the greeting from a nice and friendly associate to the quick printing of our portraits and frame- it was an excellent job well done!  I only wish that these same people worked at the location we visit in Los Angeles!  Kudos to your staff in this location!
5	Very impressed.Purchased the groupon for my daughter's 4 year old pics.  Photo session was quick and painless and the photographer worked wonders to make her smile.  I of course opted for some upgrades which included the CD and framed 3 pics at $100.  Totally worth it!  I was prepared for the prints to take awhile and assumed they would tell me a week or so.  But they said 10 minutes!  Seriously, that was a nice surprise!  I went home with all my pics, the CD and large frame in under an hour.
5	Great Place. I was impressed and it was more than worth it. My wife and I took our 1 week old baby girl to get some pictures done. Halfway through, Amaya got fussy and needed to eat.  Our photographer Aimee M was awesome and deserves some major probs. Not only did she take great pictures, she was very patient with us and our fussy little one. Our sales guy was nice and helped make the rest of the trip simple. Can't wait to come again ,I would highly recommend dropping by.
5	Kristen (I think thats her name) is AMAZING! Seriously, she took the BEST photos of my toddler! She got him to smile, laugh and stay still! The photos all turned out great and she was so patient explaining all the packages. We will be going back again and again because we had such a fantastic experience. Go get photos done today! You wont regret it!
