4	I have been going to this park now for about a yr and a half and just love it. Its so close to my house. We have many playdates here with my mommy group vegasmommies.com. I even had my Ryders 1yr Bday party here. There are always tables available for things like that.There is a small skatepark, water park and a great little playground area. There is also a nice paved trail that goes through the park. The park is very well maintained and the bathrooms are clean.
4	There are two nice tennis courts. While other places get full quickly, the courts here are rarely filled. The bike trails and skate park draws in some teenagers, but it is hassle free and a good place to bring little ones. The amenities are few compared to bigger parks, but it is relaxing due to the lack of crowds.
2	Has seen better days.  The slide to the big gym is broken but is closed of at the top so you can slide down.  Unfortunally its broken at the bottom so little hands can still reach and hurt themselves.  They do have new covers that cover the entire play area that is nice but all the foam under the gyms are either missing spots or cracked.  It is also fenced in and would be a great feature if the locking devices worked.
4	This park is due for some maintenance but overall it's very nice and the kids love the water feature. Dog friendly
4	Well because its 6 am and I can't sleep and haven't slept, I might as well write a review maybe I might fall a sleep while writing it.  This is another small park that has a lot going on. They have a skate area with ramps, anyone feel like getting hurt today. The have some water things for the kids. They have some well maintained horseshoe pit and bocce court.  A big grassy area which they'll often use for the kids sports and sidewalk that loops around the entire park.  They have half court basketball courts and a tennis court which are lighted but not in the greatest conditions. They have a few covered structures and a clean restroom.  This is a good alternate if Desert Bloom park is busy plus its right around the corner and not always as busy.Nope didn't fall asleep I might as well stay up.
3	Park itself is ok, could use a  little upkeep.  The field and walking trail is great, except for people letting their DOGS run loose all over.  For some reason the "leash law" doesn't apply to visitors here.  Hard to have fun when you're dodging dog feces and/or dogs.
1	Warning! This park is full of thieves, last night i took my kids for a walk for just 30 minutes by the time i want back to my car i found my passenger side window smashed and some personnel items was taken such as sun glasses and check book.Please be careful if you decide to go to this park.
1	Duck creek...aw the del prado park of the 89123. I know of "kids" my age who still go there to do dumb high school middle school shenanigans. Definitely a lot of pill heads and thieves. Some things never change.
2	Park is great and right next to my house. Problem is ...it is occupied by DOGS, freely running and shitting all over it.  No leash low for the owners here and cleaning after. So this is another place ruined by irresponsible pet owners
4	I came here to celebrate my nephews 3rd birthday. The park is nestled in a neighborhood of houses. Since the park is dog friendly, I brought my dog, Brownie along for the party. I walked her on a trail that went around the park as well took her over to the large grassy area the park has to interact with the other dogs there. The grassy area isn't fenced in, so I was surprised at how many pet owners had their dogs off leashes, tsk tsk. The bathroom is large and has entry on either side of the building for males and females. They have an area where the kiddos can get wet, but unfortunately the day we were there the wind was blowing and it was cold, so most of the kids played at the playground. The playground is nice even though the swings were roped off for repair and I am a girl who loves to swing so that was a bummer! The park was clean and the area that was reserved for the party was spacious enough with a shade structure and the nearby bathrooms, BBQ grill and trash cans were convenient. They also have a small skate park too, but I didn't make it over to check it out fully. The water fountains were clean and lights came on in the park after a certain hour and lit everything up fine. All in all a decent neighborhood park.
4	this is a smaller park around some homes but it offers a lot. I was here for a birthday party and had my dog with me so I walked her on a trail that goes around the park. The trail was clean and easy for all ages. They have poop bags and trash cans along the way so you can clean up after your pet. The bathrooms were specious and clean. Parts of the playground were closed however some slides were open. There is a water feature where water shoots up from the ground which is a must in parks here in Vegas. There is a skate boarding area and tennis courts. Parking lot is spacious enough for the size of the park.
