4	If someone cared about me, they would bring me a cherry turnover for lunch.
5	One of the best bakeries in town! Try the German Cholate cake for a real treat.
3	I drove past Scott's while looking for a place to purchase propane... Go figure.  Decided to stop in and sample their sweet treats. Cookies: definitely crunchy. I'm not a fan of a crunchy cookie - I prefer a chewier cookie, so Scott's cookies weren't quite what I had hoped they would be.I decided to try a doughnut and selected a cream-filled chocolate iced doughnut. It was decent, but as someone else mentioned, about what you'd expect to find at a decent grocery store.All things considered, I would probably go back for another doughnut, but I'd pass on the cookies. If you like a crunchy cookie, give 'em a try.Oh; inside? Nice. Open, bright, clean, and the staff was very friendly.
3	Baked items are disappointing, especially for the price. Scott's needs to get with the program and go natural. I don't like high fructose corn syrup in my apple fritter. Besides that the ladies that work here are always mean to me for no reason :( Their cookies are hard, I go to the real bakery: La Brioche
4	Delicious donuts. Especially the ones with caramel frosting. I would stay away from the "elephant ears". They look better than they taste.
4	Very happy with Scott's Pastry Shoppe.  I had a speciality - gag cake made up and they were terrific.  I have only had doughnuts and such and thought they were terrific.
4	I haven't tried anything here besides the donuts, but the donuts are delicious. I just wish they were open on Sunday mornings.
2	A little pricey for what you get.  I got 3 dozen donuts, and it was $40!  Yikes!  Maybe they deserve 2.5 stars.I do like the NAME of the place, of course.
5	I recently had a birthday and as part of the celebration my partner ordered a cake from Scot's. The cake was beautifully decorated and tasted delicious. I would highly recommend them for any of your dessert needs! I should also mention we split a cookie and it was fantastic as well!
4	Happy Fat Tuesday! My coworker brought in a delicious king cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips from Scott's. I didn't find the baby so I don't have to buy the next one, which is good because I heard that they are on the expensive side.
3	This review could be as short as saying "good product, but high prices", but I'll go on...The donuts are good - their bismarks are the best in town.  Driving by every day, I notice that once in a while they will hang a sign out by the road advertising apple cider donuts (or pumpkin spice, or blueberry even, though not often).  They sounded good, so I stopped in for a dozen a while back.  Those simple little cake donuts were over $1 each ($1.20/ea, I believe), which I thought was too high, but I was already committed, so I bit the bullet.  Yeah, they were good, but not enough to buy them again for that price. I won't bother with their other baked goods - the large danishes, coffee cakes and pies are just too expensive for my taste.  For less than half the money, I can snag a $5 apple fritter from Greenbush that is amazing.  I'm sure Scott's stuff is good, but personally, I have a limit to what I'll spend on that sort of thing.For the freakish treat, the $1.90/ea for a maple & bacon long john is worth the novelty.  At least once.  They're surprisingly good.
