5	Surprise!  A martini bar!  Wandering around and looking for a place where my feet wouldn't stick to the floor and where I could enjoy the company of my friends, we walked into this unheard of establishment and enjoyed each other's company over numerous martinis.  I must admit that the dirty martini is the BEST vodka martini that I've ever had.  Basic martinis are strong drinks and for me, and are often difficult to enjoy without something to sweeten them up.  However, the bartender in this lounge made the BEST vodka martini (with olives) that I've ever had.  And she proudly commented that it wasn't the first time someone told her that.  She was right and she earned her bragging rights.  We enjoyed several rounds and will definitely return.  Now, if they'd only get rid of smoking in the 'burgh........
4	Okay, I am giving this place 4-stars just cause I think it gives me "5-stares" as in at least 5 super hot-ties to talk to at any given time in the place..Atmosphere - Upscale martini bar...i.e.....dress nice.  The place has two levels/floors.  No dancing just a lot of mingling.  I have been here a few times before and the crowd is always the same.  Hot, soon to be trophy wives and those who were...ha!!  Music is Top 40/Dance.  I believe they still have a bed couch on the2ND fl.  Did not make it there tonight.Service - Cheery and quick.Price - Pricey, mixed drink...say a Cap and Diet...$7.  But, still there is no cover here.  Very nice!!Overall - Elixir has maintained the same type crowd since I first went two years ago.  Not sure to most if that is a good or bad thing...but, I like the views here.Does that make me a sleaze ball?
4	Not a bad spot when I'm back in the burgh.  This place is alot more classy and upscale than any other place you will find on the south side.  Sometimes it gets a little tight downstairs ordering drinks but I guess that is a small price to pay for a decent night out on the south side
2	The decor is great, the bartenders are pretty and the music is good but the drinks are awful and the crowd could use some seeding out for a place calling itself an ultra lounge. If this is a martini bar, then they should know how to make one, no? A dry martini here is a glass full of olive brine that the bartender will cheerfully tell she just got from the garnishes bin because she couldn't find the other stuff they use...
5	Its a great club for those of us who are 25 and above.  Nice mix of people.  This is the place to go for an awesome DJ and meeting people.  I have never had a bad time here.  This is not a college bar.  Its for the young professional.  The dance floor upstairs is a bit small, but it makes it easier to dance with the cutie nearby.....
1	So to start off I should say that the ambiance of the establishment was nice. The bartenders were friendly and helpful and the atmosphere was clean and lively.However, as the evening progressed, a patron at the bar said some harassing and racist slurs  to one of the women of our group and when another woman in our group defended that woman and the patron threw her across the bar. When we attempted to defend ourselves one of the policeman outside the bar arrested one of us. He stated that we instigated the argument and defended that the man that threw one of us was in the right.  The officer stated that we knew that the instigator was intoxicated and we should have left him alone. The man was able to get away with pushing a petite woman down while we were punished for defending her. There were many people that witnessed the altercation and attested that the man was in the wrong. With that said, the GM said that we were the ones that were wrong and defended the the instigator. I would highly recommend any women to not associate yourself with this establishment. They were extremely condescending to women and felt that women deserved disrespect if they demanded respect. They officers on duty were so rude and they were screaming at us because we were requesting the location that they were going to take our friend. They told us that we could "Shut the f**** up or we could go with her..." I cant tell you how disappointed I am with the officers that watch the bar and the GM.
4	Elixir brings in a mid-to-late 20's/early 30s crowd that does more mingling/drinking than only dancing. They do have a small dance floor where some folks dance but it's a small minority of the total number of patrons. The bartenders are friendly enough but the wait to get a drink can be long when the place is jumpin'. The atmosphere is fun but not uppity.Still, it's a more sophisticated standby for those nights when other Southside joints are too collegey or dirrty for your maturing tastes (natch). Probably the classiest place on the Southside.
4	Great Atmosphere and lots of nice scenery
4	Well, I'm still trying to figure out where the extra $100 came from on my final bill, but I guess it's completely possible the champagne that flowed like wine clouded my memory with bubbles, so I won't point fingers at the staff of Elixir. Besides, my group and I were very well taken care of by pretty much everyone, and considering the bottle service prices I'm used to in Chicago, I felt like a baller in Pittsburgh. Bonus points awarded. The crowd was pretty decent on Saturday night and the music was fun. I would definitely recommend Elixir for a night out to anyone unfamiliar with the area and looking for a slightly more mature place to imbibe. There are some definite drawbacks to this place, however: I'm still washing the smoke smell out of my hair (really - why on earth is this considered acceptable that you can still smoke here?), apparently they only stock one magnum bottle of champagne at a time (ok, this may have been coincidence and is not necessarily "bad"), and per the DJ, you cannot request Too Close by Next because "the manager hates that song". I was being nostalgic for college and wanted to hear that classic! Last I was aware, I wasn't paying for drinks to satisfy the manager...just sayin'. After reading my review you may be shocked that I give this place 4 stars, but in all sincerity, I did have a really fun time here!
5	i really enjoyed the music the atmosphere and most of all find an elegant lounge (which applies to both decor and the patrons) in a pittsburgh blue collar neigborhood.  Drink orderes were swiftly delivered and were nice and strong, the way I like them - and the bar tender even did a shot with us on the house! The music was amazing which was really good remixes of 80's to now which i loved - nothing is worse than a good crowd, nice decor, delish drinks and BAD music. Check this place out and make sure to check in with Yelp to get a FREE cocktail :-)
4	Fun place for drinks and dancing..Take shotz
