3	I lived here for almost 3 years. I moved out in 2005. The apartments were okay, and it was nice to have my own washer & dryer. But after a while my cool neighbors moved out and the noisy, trashy ones moved in. A couple fights and many miserable, sleepless nights later, I moved. They never gave me my remote control (for the gate) deposit back. *grump* It's a good location if you're going to the Art Institute, since it's easy walking distance. But be attentive about that walk, or try not to do it alone at night... that area can get a little rough. I experienced a few interesting police-related incidents, one of which involved a helicopter (which yelled at me) and the other involved police dogs being let loose on the grounds.
2	We moved here 5/31/2010. It is now 8/25/10. We are leasing the smaller of the 1 BD/1 BA. We really wish we only had a 6 month lease. The gym is terrible, all old equipment, no treadmil!!! The pool isn't always clean. And both get shut down at 9 pm to help with noise, which it doesn't. There is ALOT of noise coming from those around us, even past "quiet time" one in particular listens to their music & sings along to it so loudly, it can be heard clear as day even with all doors & windows shut! Their dog also barks at all hours. They are not good about filling work orders, or even putting one in when requested. I have found a few roaches in the house now & again, one of which gave me a mini heart attack because he crawled on my hand when I opened our dishwasher. Having our own washer & dryer is really nice, but the dryer is of poor quality & I have to run it 2-3 times before everything will be dry. The AC is very loud & I have a feeling, old as well & not good at cooling the master bed. They advertise community events & computer center. The computer center has not been up & available for 3 years now accoring to my neighbor. Same for the community events. There was one scheduled for the 24 but when I went in, about a week in advance, they had no idea what I was taking about. I showed her the note that had been posted on everyones door, & said "ok" & took our names & unit #. We went there on the 24th & once again, it took a minute before she understood what I was referring to. She said "oh yeah, that. It's been cancelled & rescheduled call the office to RSVP"  That was just inconsiderate if you ask me. They couldve(& shoulve) put a note up by the mail boxes so eveybody will know.  All in all.  I am disappointed & looking forward to moving when our lease is up. It is a gated community, kind of. There's always at least one gate open so being gated is pretty much pointless. It's decent for the money but because of the noise we will be relocating asap after our lease is up.Would we reccomend? Depending on the current price? Yes. If the price isn't low. Look elsewhere. Don't make this your first choice. Not horrible, but not fantastic.
1	Stay away from here. We moved in with promises of a 'family' community and how great it was. The day we moved in the neighbors upstairs had their music so loud we could hear the lyrics and the lyrics were all bad words and this ended up going on all the time. There was mold in the refrigerator, pee all over the carpet and bathroom floors, the appliances were so old they barely worked and the carpets had not been cleaned. It only got worse from there. It turns out the neighbors upstairs were drug dealers and the guy next to them was a pimp. Strange people, including strung out slutty looking girls, coming and going all night long. We have a toddler and were scared all the time. We complained but we were told we could leave and we did right away. It appears they would rather have illegal activities going on in their complex than a nice family. The maintenance is also a joke. We scheduled a 3 hour block of time for maintenance to come and fix a few things that should have been done before we moved in. We waited and waited and they never showed up. When I called I was told they were busy. The neighborhood is scary. I had a crack addict come up to me and my kid in broad daylight screaming for a nickel or a dime. STAY AWAY!
1	Do not move here. I wish I would of listened to the bad reviews I saw before moving here. I would never recommend this place to anyone. It is in a bad part of Phoenix and cars were getting broken into right and left when we first moved here. There are gates but at night they are never closed or secured. You are lucky if both or even one of the pools are clean and up and running. The appliances are a joke and from the early 1900's. The management are so rude and not helpful. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
1	I have lived in this apartment for over a year and I started off with a one bedroom and after months I have upgraded to a two bedroom unit and I was placed on the second floor of the leasing office. My stay was going great until the office manager started to complain about foot steps, water running in the shower was too loud, and my dogs barking when they are at play. Then, it left me with no choice but to end my lease with grievance and was pardon for the breach of contract.To top things off, I haven't even handed them the keys back as I was still packing and to my surprise the apartment was cleaned out and noone had a say to where my belongings went. However, the previous staff whom were Samayah and Tracy had made my stay very comfortable and made it enjoyable with their daily greetings. But, soon management had let them go and i felt even more hostile living there because I still walked on eggshell each day. Management was very poor and corporate was the same way as well in handling any situation. I wouldn't even rate this place with one star at all but being that it had to I had no choice.
1	Lived here for 2 years. Everything was ok for the most part, until we were getting ready to move out. The water heater in the apartment above us broke, and was leaking water into our laundry room. It took them 3 weeks to getting around to fix it- by that time, the damage was so bad they had to pull out almost all the drywall, and the studs inside had molded. Then, we had the carpet cleaned (900 sq ft apartment), and were told it wasn't good enough, so we had the company we used come back and do it again. Management still wasn't satisfied, and we were told that they would have the carpets cleaned and it would come out of our deposit. We were also told we would be charged a small cleaning fee, which would also come out of our $300 deposit. We said fine, dropped off the keys, made sure they had BOTH sets of forwarding addresses, and left- this was august 28th, 2013. Today, Nov. 14, 2013, I got a call from a bill collector stating that Rancho viejo had turned over a bill for $94 in cleaning fees. NO ATTEMPT was ever made by rancho viejo to contact myself, my husband, or our roommate about this. RV had 3 phone numbers, 3 email addresses, and 2 physical addresses, but made no attempt to contact us about the problem. Worst apartment complex ever.Bottom line: be very careful and document everything when you move out, or they will try to screw you over.
1	Only gets 1 star because there is no ZERO star option.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this complex.  I have lived here for too long and will be leaving as soon as my lease is up in a few months.  I would have moved sooner but could not afford to, unfortunately.  Prepare for getting the run around every time you deal with the office or maintenance.  There are often helicopters flying above the complex looking for criminals on the run and the 'security' gate is often left wide open for weeks at a time.   Despite the place being run down and having poor customer service, the management company sees fit to try to raise the rent every time you renew a lease.  They will let any miscreant move in here, so prepare for loud and inconsiderate neighbors if you do move in.  Just say no people.  There are better options out there.
