4	Deli Den isn't much to look at.  It's in a strip mall on the extreme north side of town.  The tables and chairs are spartan and plain.  There's not much in the way of ambiance, but don't let that distract you from the food.  The food is excellent.  I had the Pastrami sandwich.  The pastrami may be a little different than what you're used to.  It's smooth and mild, with just a hint of spice.  The kraut is likewise smooth, and the whole thing blends together and melts in your mouth.  If you like your pastrami spicy and strong, this may not float your boat, but I urge you to give it a try anyway.  4 stars for now.  I may upgrade to 5 once I explore the rest of their menu.
3	It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food was good. Very good service, I enjoyed a hamburger and fries, I was served Cole slaw, (which I thought was very tasty) and a dill pickle on the side. I order hot chocolate and a glass of water with lemon. All the food is made to order so don't rush it. Teachers get a 20% discount when you show your ID badge. I saw lot of Ruben sandwiches, maybe next time I'll try that.
1	We eat here all the time, but will not be returning.Even before my sister found a cockroach in her iced tea, they waiter nitpicked our every requests. Requested a pickle for my niece to keep her entertained while we were waiting to order, he wouldn't bring it until we ordered. Acted as if we were trying to scam free things out of them. When my mother asked for sour cream and apple sauce for her side item potato pancake he tried to charge us for both. Only after my mother went to pay did they discount the meal. And the waiter did not even apologize for being rude.  So disappointed.
5	This had long been a favorite of ours. The service is spot on and the food is fantastic. Never had a meal that I didn't like at the deli den. The Ruben and the Rachel are my favorites and if you like delis style sandwiches, this will be your new favorite too.
3	This place is a total hit or miss - Sometimes it's yummy and sometimes it's not.  I like that right away we get some pickles and cole slaw. Your fries are never consistant- sometimes it's crinkle cut and other times it's regular cut. Sometimes my grilled sandwich is as it should be grilled together and others times it's as if it's grilled seperate and then put together (weird). One time the crusts on my grilled sandwich was grilled opposite eachother (dark crust side should be with dark crust side not the lighter crust side) call me crazy but that really bothered me!!!!Cookies are only made on certain days so sometimes they are soft and sometimes they are hard...I need consistency People!!!The service is never good but I think we've become accostumed to it except for the lady that works the cash register she always has a smile (no one else seems to like to smile there)Because it's close to work we will be eating here again never knowing if we'll be happy or not, hey we live in Vegas - everything's a gamble!!!
5	One of the best pastrami sandwiches in town.  Try the Centennial Hills Rachel.
3	Closest off the strip reasonably priced JewFood in the Northwest side of the valley. Matzo ball soup and Pastrami spell comfort food. Like the other reviewer writes this place is hit or miss on the service depending on when you come in. Great place to sit and read the paper when you are not in a hurry.
3	Recommended by a friend, I did not have much of an appetite when we visited.  I ordered a half sandwich, which was overpriced as it was, at $8 and was charged $1 extra for having cheese on it.  Potato salad was bland, avoided the pickles and coleslaw that were brought to the table.Not overly impressed, but probably will give it another try in the future.
5	There is not a better NY style deli in the area.  We have eaten in the top ten deli's in the USA and while this is not one of them, we eat here every week.  I have enjoyed the food and service both for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.Very good access and shopping choices nearby.
3	Was driving around the area and decided that I would stop by a place I've never been to before and found this little place in the same shopping mall as BWW.  It was around 2 pm and there were only two tables occupied in the joint.  A lady behind the counter asked if I was dining in or out.  When I told her I was dining in, she handed me a menu and told me I could sit anywhere in the restaurant.After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Italian Sub (Ham, Capricole, Genoa Salami, Lettuce, Tomato, Onions, and Provolone Cheese) $10.50....came with Fries, Cole Slaw, and Pickle.  I also ordered a side of Jalapenos, in case I wanted to add some kick to it.While I waited for my food, I looked around the joint.  There are beverage coolers in the front of the Deli that had Sodas & Bottled Water.  I was tempted to buy a bottle of Dr. Browns Natural Soda, but after reading the label I decided against it because it said "Sugar/High Fructose Corn Syrup".....how is that "natural"?  I'm trying to avoid HFCS, so I passed and got a bottle of Water.  They also have Bagels & Pastries available for purchase.....they looked tempting (see pics), but I wanted to wait until after I had my Sandwich to decide if I would do Dessert.After a few minutes my Sandwich came out.  The thing was piled high with Meat!  (see pics) I wasn't expecting this....I had to remove some of it before I ate the Sandwich, just so I could take a bite.  After a few bites, I realized that it was a pretty dry Sandwich.....so I asked for Mayo & Mustard.  I added a little of both and it still lacked something....so I took the Cole Slaw and put it in the Sandwich....ahh, much better!  The Sandwich by itself was too dry and lacked the flavor of really good Italian Sandwiches....at least to me.The Fries were pre-fab Crinkle Fries.....pretty bland, had to add Salt.  They weren't that good.  The Cole Slaw very excellent, not too runny or sweet and had a nice crunch to it, which I like.  The Pickle was eh....I've had better.Overall, it was a OK experience.  There are a bunch of other Sammies on the menu I want to try, so for now it gets 3 Stars from me.Will I return?  I probably will, but I'm not craving the joint.
2	I've always thought of this place as overpriced but worth it for certain specialty items. The black and white cookies are good if you get them on the day they were made and the bagels aren't bad. I also like their corned beef, though the bread isn't as good as it is back East. Today I wanted potato pancakes and decided that, instead of cooking, I'd go out. I am shocked at the ones that they served to me. Terrible. Obviously preformed and old with a terrible consistency an taste. These were unrecognizable and could easily have been mistaken for potato patties with a mushy texture. The sour cream and applesauce they were served with was skimpy, as well.
3	Woah, this place is far out. Good for the Jews and deli lovers who live in the sticks, though! I've only been here once, and went out of my way to try this far-flung deli outpost. The corned beef was okay as was the matzo ball soup. Soup needed a richer, more garlicky stock. I've had better elsewhere, see Bagel Cafe, Levy's and Weiss Deli, and of course Carnegie on The Strip. Will try again if I'm ever in the Centennial area.
3	Went here a second time recently! The matzo ball soup was much better than I remembered. The ball itself had a nice garlicky kick. The latkes were good as well. However, the bagel was mediocre, and I couldn't get any challah bread, which I needed for Shabbos. Anyhoo, good to see they're surviving way out here.
4	I've been here twice now in the last month, and I think it's safe to say that I'm a fan.The first time, I had the Reuben/Rachel combo. Absolutely delicious. I agree with some other reviewers that the fries are boring. But the sandwiches, pickles, and cole slaw were really tasty. I read on their website that they make their corned beef and pastrami onsite. I'm no expert on salt-cured beef, but they tasted great to me.Last night, I had the Tennessee Burger, and even though they were out of the bourbon barbecue sauce, it was a darn good. Again, the fries are 'meh', but the burger was cooked properly and the toppings tasted fresh.The service was attentive without being obnoxious. The cashiers were kind and polite as well. My only real gripe was the men's room. It wasn't filthy, but it was far from clean. It reminded me a little of a truck stop restroom. But I'll be back. The sandwiches make it worth the while.
4	I came here for lunch on the way back from Creech Nellis Air Force Base.I ordered the sandwich and soup of the day combo. I was doubting whether or not to order the soup of the day, so the manager brought us out a big bowl to sample. It turned out to be the best tomato basil soup I've ever eaten. Usually when I order this type of soup, the texture is just creamy, but this soup had a finely chopped root or potato in the soup which made it taste much better. As for the sandwich, I ordered the Pastrami Reuben, which was towering with meat. I'd order it again.
3	This was probably the best Rueben I have ever had.  It had a ton of very tasty and tender corned beef.  I had to eat half the corned beef off the sandwich before I could eat it like a sandwich!  It was served with fries and coleslaw.  It was served with a pickle - this maybe overlooked by some - but that was a tasty pickle!  Why only 3 stars???  Even though I did leave happy... after tax and tip (no drink) I was looking at $15.  I just don't like to spend $15 on lunch... and it was only a sandwich.
4	The nearby Mimi's Cafe always has a huge crowd at breakfast, leading Deli Den to be a faster alternative.  The breakfast offerings are great.  A personal favorite is the feta and spinach omelet.  Deli Den also offers great sandwiches for the lunch crowd.  On my most recent visit I had the turkey and avocado wrap, served with a generous helping of french fries.  The avocado was perfectly ripe, which seems to be a rarity in restaurants.The things that keep Deli Den from being a five star establishment are price and atmosphere.  A sandwich and soda can easily run over $12 here, more expensive than similar restaurants in the area.  The food here is good, but it isn't that amazing.  Luckily, I am spared slightly as Deli Den offers a discount to teachers and military personnel with valid ID.The atmosphere is a little odd.  The furniture is utilitarian and the chairs are borderline uncomfortable.  The bus cart for the dishes was located about five feet from my table last time I dined here, which I found to be almost revolting.  Other than that, Deli Den is a nice, locally-owned alternative to the chain restaurants that dominate the neighborhood.
3	Lots of food. Not gourmet but not bad.
5	First time in the place was today, with my family. We had a corned beef sandwich, a pastrami sandwich and a huge breakfast combo. It was ALL very good. A little pricy, but, a don't mind paying a little more for great food. Great, smiling service that was helpful until we walked out the door. We will be back, and soon. I have a wait problem.......I can't wait to go back!
3	Perfectly nice lunch spot. Nothing fancy, but pleasant enough...clean with good friendly service. Half a sandwich is more than enough. I had 1/2 a Reuben and chicken soup and couldn't eat it all, despite their tastiness. The husband had a Juben and had to bring half of it home. We will defo go back. Deli Den is A-OK, verging on Yay! I'm a fan.
