4	I volunteered here one day, with no idea what I'll be doing here. Had visions of stirring 50 gallon vats of soup and chopping up veggies. Luckily, I did not get the chance to hurt myself with knives and boiling hot soup. Instead, I got to package grilled chicken sandwiches with an apples, pack of mayo and pieces of carrots. Worked in an assembly line of volunteers and I was the mayo and box sealer guy, The box food is for kid's who may not have any food for dinner(school provides lunch for these kids). The package box dinner is delivered that night to over 400 kids in Vegas! Oh by the way the facility there is AWESOME! Very nice counter tops and appliances. The people that run the place are very nice, friendly, and happy to have you there. I even got a free 3 square bracelet out of it! And found out that an episode of Top Chef was filmed there!
4	Three Square Food Bank is the local non-profit that supplies food and household items to area charities for distribution to those in need.  They don't distribute directly to families, instead they collect all of the items, sort it, and sell it to organizations who serve the needy.My family has been volunteering here for over 2 yrs.  My Son spends many hours during the Summer and my Wife and I volunteer when we can.  There are many jobs that you can work.  Most of the time we help in the warehouse area sorting food and household items.  It's monotonous work, but if volunteers don't do it the work doesn't get done quickly as there are so many items to sort.The facility is large and well kept.  The workers there are passionate about their job and are very patient with us volunteers.  With so many volunteers that rotate in/out of the place they must have a lot of patience to train us.I encourage everyone to consider doing it.  It's really easy to sign up.....fill out a form online and then show up on scheduled dates/times.  Here's the link to more info and to the online volunteer form:http://www.threesquare.org/how-to-help/volunteer/We enjoy working here and will continue to volunteer as long as we're a part of this community.
5	If you're looking for a place to volunteer and give back, this is the place! I know many may feel like volunteering sometimes seems a little overwhelming. I volunteered here with Charlie L, and it was such a wonderful experience! They have three warehouses that are huge! The interior of the main warehouse is very modern and hip. The facilities are clean, and they are very good about following sanitation guidelines,I got to pack already made cooked meals into those little tv dinner trays to sell to the senior centers and hospitals. I must admit. The food looked so delicious! I really wanted to try it! They had corn with pieces of minced bell peppers, baked chicken with bbq sauce, and seasoned baked potatoes. we pack them into the tv dinner, and weight them precisely to the ounce so everyone gets a fare share (no one gets one more potato than the other!). Pablo, the chef, was such a nice and funny guy! He helped make the experience fun for us, and cracking jokes and teasing me! He's amazing. The place is so friendly! The staff is wonderful, and great part is, we gave back and even went home with new friends. I even got to know my assembly line friend. He loves to cook and was a part of an externship for his culinary school. Thanks again Three square! I'll be back to give back! :)
5	Once again the Palms Pools provided a welcoming venue for the 4th Annual Dish Las Vegas event benefiting Three Square and its efforts to provide food for the hungry and strive to establish a hunger free community.  There were not as many local restaurants participating this year, and beef was less prevalent than scallops, but with the dynamic Zowie Bowie and Marley Taylor performing and backed by an energetic band, the live entertainment was much improved, and there was still fine food aplenty.  My favorite samplings this time were N9NE's huge King Crab Claws, excellent Crab Cake and hot Shrimp from Rhythm Kitchen, Cold Filet Salad and delicious Seared Scallop with a spicy bite and creamy Potato Foam offered by The Charcoal Room, excellent Russian Black Caviar graciously provided by Artisinal Foods, and Chocolate Hazelnut Cake and several other decadent desserts laid out by Chocolate & Spice Bakery.  Besides the scantilly-dressed lady whose body was painted with bright colors during the event, one of the most interesting looking dishes was RM Seafood's Peruvian Bay Scallop on a bed of Chinese Black Beans with Lime & Micro Mint inside a clam shell.  I got to meet and speak with its owner and Executive Chef, Rick Moonen, as well as Executive Chef Stephen Hopcroft of STK.  A couple of my eating experiences were mixed.  Top of the World's Salmon with Lemon Buerre Blanc contained tasty salmon, but the strong lemony flavor of the Lemon Buerre Blanc overwhelmed the fish.  And, although I liked NOVE's grilled Pork Belly with Butternut Squash, the flatbread that accompanied it was rather bland and undistinguished.  The night passed swiftly and enjoyably as the 300 or so attendees sampled various culinary inventions.  And it was all for a very good cause!
5	I volunteered here for the first time about a week ago and let me tell you, I was blown away. The facility is gorgeous and the people working were genuinely happy to be there. They made the volunteer process easy and always had someone available to help us when things got a little confusing. I signed up for more hours right after this first time.
5	With its mission to provide hunger relief, Three Square Food Bank is definitely paying it forward.  I had the opportunity to visit the campus while attending the launch for Spring Restaurant Week with Misti Y., Chad S., and a few other cool Yelpers.  The campus is located off the I15 and Craig, in a business park, so you can't tell from the outside how nice it is inside and the good work happening there every day.  The organization's two main programs are the Food Bank and Food Rescue.  Working in conjunction with dozens of companies and individuals who donate food and funding, Three Square then distributes those donations to Agency Partners, non-profit and faith-based organizations that include soup kitchens, church pantries, shelters, and schools.  As visitors at the launch party, guests were able to see the kitchens and some of the meeting rooms, as well as mingle with Three Square staff. Portions of proceeds from Spring Restaurant Week directly benefit Three Square, thus the reason for the launch being held at the campus.  Organizations such as this are to be granted the highest respect, commended for the work they do to, as their mission statement says, serve not only food, but hope in the Southern Nevada community.
5	It's pretty awesome what they do.
5	I know this review is long overdue but really thinking of best way too Honor such class act organization. Organization that gives SO much back into our own community making sure no ones goes hunger man, women, or child. Every year they do wonderful job with Restaurant Week here in Vegas. Launch the event had party with some of the restaurants participating dishes out some of there food and wine. They had so much food not sure if able too get taste of all of them. Everything that had opportunity too taste was awesome. The location is kind of sneaky since its off the road tucked in the back. Once you find it AMAZED with the inside from the classy show kitchen area right up front (they were serving up some of tasting menu items), the meeting rooms, dining area, and caught quick glance of the kitchen. Everything is all state of the art and shows the amount of support and class act organization. I love three squares logo is clear, bold, and shows the mission statement below it. I meet some  of the upper management. Brain believe his name. Too see him walking around dishes out samples, hearing the enthusiasm, and passion ever worker at three squares. Makes me proud know amazing non profit organizations care about world we live in the need less fortunate ones in life!!! Thanks for Terri R for taking me along for this event. Too see more fellow yelpers that night all supporting wonderful cause. Thanks too Misti for always keeping yelping not only fun but all kinds of events that shows yelper care about our community. It good times meeting lot of new yelpers that night!!
5	Three square is a phenomenal organization. I have had the good fortune to meet with the leadership of this organization and received a tour of the facility. I have a long history of working with a food bank in my previous life (in Chicago...one of the best in the world) however I am extremely impressed with three square! I'll share this:2 times a week back pack program - roughly 7000 bags of food for underprivileged children who we ensure have food to eat over the weekend when they go home Friday after school.Nutritious meals provided at schools that need help feeding low income children throughout the valleyProviding food to all the various agencies throughout the valley that helps low income people (children, families, and seniors)I love this organization and I encourage everyone in the valley to learn about three square, hunger and how we all need to take an active part in getting rid of hungerhttp://www.threesquare.org/
5	I came here for a seminar on Extreme Couponing a few weeks ago.  I have always wanted to check this place out and I'm glad I finally did.  Everything that Three Square stands for is just awesome.  They had the lady from Extreme Couponing: All Stars speak about how to do what she does (which is work, but saves you money).  She had appeared on the All Star edition where they shop and at the conclusion of their shopping trip, they donate all of the food to a local food bank.  She had given all of hers to Three Square, which is where the event was held.Not only was the building easy to locate, the building we were in was so hip and cool.  Super clean inside.  There are so many different directions to go in the building according to the arrows posted.  There was another building next door, but it wasn't open.  I plan on coming back over the summer to do community service.
5	What's not to love about the only food bank in Southern Nevada, one of only two in the whole state(the other is in Reno)?  The work they do at Three Square to help feed the hungry of our community is incredible.  If you are looking to help out and give back, come here.  I've been wanting to volunteer at this facility since I heard about it, but it's difficult with my work schedule during the week.  Three Square has volunteer hours available on the first Saturday of the month for individuals and groups and I thought it would be great to get some friends together for my first time.  We worked the three hour shift, from 9:00am to 12:00pm sorting and packing food for distribution.  Patti Johnson, the fabulous and friendly volunteer coordinator, gave us a tour of the facility first and explained the history of the food bank--impressive to say the least -the warehouse looks like Costco!  Three Square takes donations, sorts them, packs them, and then ships them off to local food pantries, shelters, non-profits, etc.  They also have a a program for food-insecure senior citizens, a backpack program for children who need food over the weekend, as well as an after-school and summer time program for the kids.  If you're looking for a place to volunteer some time and give back to the community, look no further than Three Square.  For more info on how you can help, check out their website:  http://www.threesquare.org/Thank you to all the friends who showed up today, including my teen; I'm looking forward to the next time already!
5	Had the opportunity to volunteer here last weekend thanks to Terri R. who organized it. This food bank is the only one here in Southern Nevada, as the other one is in Reno. So you can imagine what a task it is for them to service the Vegas Valley. The food warehouse was as big as Costco! We were given a tour and also briefed on this wonderful organization. They are able to turn $1 into 3 meals. Bringing food is great but Three Square is able to get the best price possible for food with their purchasing power so seems like monetary donation is better. But they will take food as that is what we spent the morning sorting through looking at expiration dates. Then we packed them up in boxes to be shipped out to the different food facilities throughout Las Vegas.It is heartbreaking the number of kids that go hungry in our community and now with school almost out, most of these children won't be able to count on a meal. Three Square is working on a summer meal program to feed these kids.I encourage anyone to donate their time, food or money to this worthy organization. No one should ever go hungry....especially children.
5	Three Square is one of my favorite volunteer opportunities in the valley. Thanks to Terri R, we had a chance to give back to our community. The sort-a-thon was a great success with over 30 plus volunteers sorting through multiple pallets like mad people. Hearing and seeing some of the basic necessities that some of our fellow citizens go without has definitely revitalize my desire to donate my time.
5	I've had Three Square Food Bank bookmarked for quite some time. I even remember reaching out to fellow Yelper, Cresta I, who use to have weekly check in's here. She gave me the scoop, told me how to sign up, and then it was up to me. Fast forward a couple of months later and I still haven't volunteered here.  It wasn't until Terri R organized a sort-a-thon for us Yelpers, that I finally got the chance to give back.  Terri is the best and sets this up monthly.  Three Squares Food Bank is clean and very organized. To volunteer, you don't have to procrastinate like me and wait for a Yelp round up.  You can complete an application in person or sign up through their website.  Yes, it's that easy. Once you're signed up and commited, Three Square will assign different jobs depending on what's needed. Our job was to sort pallets of food, drinks, snacks, baby items, clothing, and miscellanous items.  Once sorted, the pallets are then brought into their warehouse pending distribution.  If you're willing to donate about 3 hours of your time to give back, I recommend giving Three Square Food Bank a shot.
5	I volunteered here for the first time and absolutely LOVE what they stand for! We were given a tour I the facility and I was just amazed of how many individuals they are able to help in the community. They are able to get dinner bags to children in a discrete way that otherwise wouldn't eat dinner because their family don't have the financial resources to provide it. I look forward to helping out more and getting my teenage daughter involved as well so she can see that other people don't have it as easily as some.
5	I went to Three Square last night for the Roasting Las Vegas fund raising event.  The title of the program was "Roasting Las Vegas: The Critics can DISH it out, but can they take it?"  As it turns out, they can and it was a lot of fun!When I arrived at Three Square, my first time there, I was taken back by the huge size of the buildings where canned food is stored for distribution, other food is prepared for delivery to kitchens for serving those in need, and all the other space needed for helping to feed the hungry in Las Vegas.  The numbers are staggering but the one that hit me the most was that they serve one in four children in Las Vegas.  That's a staggering number of kids who depend on Three Square to augment or provide their food needs.The three reviewers being roasted were Max Jacobson, Al Mancini, and John Curtas. Their reviews appear in the local free papers and they are known to the foodie community in Las Vegas.  This was a chance for the chefs to fight back, so to speak, and roast these critics for what they've said in their past reviews.  Chefs there to roast were Todd Harrington (executive chef of Central by Michel Richard in Caesars), Stephen Hopcraft (executive chef of STK in the Cosmopolitan and former Top Chef contestant), Gary LaMorte (corporate chef for the Michael Mina Group), Vic Vegas (executive chef of Vic's Restaurant in Henderson and former Next Food Network Star contestant), Carla Pellegrino (executive chef of Bratalian Neapolitan Cantina in Town Square and former Top Chef contestant), and Beni Valasquez (exceutive chef at the Bar + Bistro in the Arts District). Also roasting was Theresa Woo of the family that owns Fu in the Hard Rock Hotel).It was a fun evening with a lot of laughs, some good food, and good beer and wine or so my table mates told me.  I managed to get a table near the front and next to the three tables where the chefs and their friends sat.  What a great way to help Three Square and get to see and hear the chefs we know and the critics we read.Now it's time for me to volunteer some time at Three Square and help out with their amazing work on behalf of the people in need in Las Vegas and Southern Nevada.  Next up for fundraising is Dish 2013 on September 26th at the Palms Hotel and Casino.  Join me there!
5	Three Square is a delightful place to visit and volunteer! Their building/warehouse is beautiful and spacious inside, and the volunteer area - where I've sorted cans/items and packed boxes with the Las Vegas Wranglers hockey team - is clean and organized. All of the Three Square staff and volunteers I've worked with have been super friendly and welcoming. When you show up to volunteer, they do a great job of getting you situated and answering questions along the way. Three Square is doing something important and crucial for our city, and it's always worth helping them out with a donation of goods or your time. Lovely organization!
5	I took some time to volunteer at 3 squares and I had an amazing experience! Their food bank was very organized, they really know what they are doing there! It's very nice to see that this non profit organization is able to reach out to so many people!During our volunteer time we packed 3260 meals for students!!!! That was such a gratifying feeling! All you need to do is to donate 2 hours of your time and about 3000 kids will benefit from your efforts.
5	I volunteered with a group from yelp to help with the "backpack for kids" program. Bins were organized along 2 sides and ready for us to gladly tackle it! We put on our handy dandy yelp finger-less gloves (thanks Drew!), grabbed a plastic bag, went down the line putting the amount posted on each food/drink bin in the bag and repeated the process until we were finished. It only took a couple of hours and together we packed over 3,200 bags! It's such a shame any child is hungry, but thank heavens for this program! These will go to children who might have nothing to eat over the weekend or when they are not at school. I had obviously heard of Three Square before, but I had no idea about this program as well the other volunteer opportunities available. I'm happy to have helped knowing how many kids were given meals and plan on volunteering here again! You should too! Check the calender on their website or call for upcoming opportunities that you can get involved in!
5	Three Square has to be in my top 3 favorite charities in Las Vegas. Their mission is simple, feed local families in need. At school, at home, at work, on weekends... Three Square is there to help feed members of the community. They are savvy enough to throw some great event while fund raising, so check out their website for upcoming events. Also take a look at the volunteer schedule. There are opportunities almost every day and it's an easy process to get a group signed up for a day of volunteering. The Yelp volunteer day was on a Thursday morning and we ended up packing weekend bags of food for children. It was an easy gig (there were children and seniors helping out) and overall we packed over 3200 weekend meals in about 2 hours. Not into volunteering? That's OK. This is one charity where your money is well spent if you feel like donating some green bills.
5	Everyone at this facility is amazing. They are so inviting and grateful for every bit of time you serve. They are doing a great justice for the young children in Las Vegas. I will definitely be back to help out at this place.
5	My wife and I had the privilege of touring the Three Square food bank on Friday (4/25/14) and I must say that the word "impressive" only comes close to describing our experience.  This is a giant facility (think Costco or Costcos in size) and we learned that they do a lot of good within their community.  The statistics on meals served and food collected were staggering.  It seemed like each time we thought the tour might be finishing up there was a new portion of the facility and or community service to go over.  Our tour was with Vanessa and despite her claim of having never given a tour before both my wife and I were blown away by her knowledge of the facility and the work being done by the nonprofit as a whole.  I was struck not only by the genuine caring of the employees at the facility but also by the effectiveness of the operation. Having done some large scale events in the past I am very impressed with well run operations and logistics.  Three Square appears to excel in both of those categories.  Kudos to Three Square and their staff for exceeding my wife and I's high expectations of what makes up a great nonprofit.
5	I came with my job to volunteer and I enjoyed every min of it. Never knew about this organization and I'm glad I do now. Can't wait to come back.
5	- Thank you, Three Square, so much for organizing Restaurant Week twice a year.- All other city's Restaurant Week I know of are only once a year.  On top of that, those city's (DC, LA...) Restaurant Week doesn't even include a philanthropic component (where the restaurants donate a portion of proceeds to charity) so by that fact alone Vegas' Restaurant Week's are superior.
4	I volunteered with my coworkers to do boxed lunches for schools. This place is highly organized and the purpose. Is to feed schools and shelters,  etc. They have plenty of volunteer events throughout the month and serve the whole  southern Nevada area. The only other one is located in Reno. They have two hour shifts to pack meals or distribute packages to go out for delivery. I have to say I'm thankful for the opportunity and will pass the word on to my friends to do this with me! ! Let's go!!!
5	This place is awesome, they really make you feel like you've made a difference after you volunteer. This is going to be a regular visit for me and my family. Anyone who is looking to help, I fully support this organization and it's purpose.
5	I was there with my co-workers. It was an eye opening experience. We went for the tour and then started volunteering for 2 hours.
5	What can you say about an organization that feeds food insecure Las Vegans on a daily basis??THEY ARE AMAZING, FANTASTIC, SUPERB, BEAUTIFUL, WONDERFUL AND MORE!!!Not only do they supply all the other non-profits in the majority of the state, they also have a great kids food backpack program. Volunteers pack bags of food for kids who do have a meal when they get home at night or for the weekends they are out of school. I've volunteer a handful of times here and every time I am impressed at how much they do and how much they have grown in the past five years. Volunteering with this organization is easy and there are plenty of opportunity. Go to their site and sign up online.
4	This was my first time volunteering with Three Square. I always wanted to go, but I finally got the chance to come fill up food boxes with my coworkers. The sign in process was quick and they set us up with everything we needed to get going and were helpful when we had questions or needed anything. I have heard great things about the organization over the years and look forward to helping out again in the future.
