1	This wendy's location has failed me time after time. Poor food quality is common.
2	The food here is NEVER fresh, you can tell it all sits under heat lamps.. too many times I have ordered food without mustard or without mayo to have it slathered all over my order. The salads usually have wilted lettuce and a foul smell...  I now drive the extra few miles to go to the one on baseline and rural. I agree with the previous review.. they have let me down time and time again.
2	The food was decent, and they have some crazy soda machine with like 1000 flavors (ok not really that many, but a frikn lot.)
3	I think if you go to Wendy's you know what you are getting into and compared to some of the other Wendy's it's pretty good. I've gotten food poisoning at Wendy's in my home town, so when i tried this place in Phoenix it was pretty good and didn't make me sick. Granted, it's never going to be perfect, this is fast good not fine dining.  In my personal experiences, I've never had a problem, but i think it varies from person to person.
3	I usually would give 4 stars to Wendy's as I always find their food quality good, service acceptable, and I have a "free frosty" keychain. However, this Wendy's has more restrictive hours than most other Wendy's. They are not open until 9 am, while my experience with other Wendy's has been that they are often open at 6 or 7 am. Since this is located smack in the middle of Tempe's ASU area, I would expect that they open at least by 8 am as there is a ton of demand for fast food in that general area.
4	Went through the drive through this visit. Ordered a chicken asiago ranch sandwich with a side salad. Service was good, nice people. It took a little bit to get food, but that usually means it's fresh. Got the food and went home. Probably the best chicken sandwich I have had in a long time! It was fresh, great lettuce and had huge pieces of bacon! Hope the next time is like this! The only problem is they forgot dressing for my salad, but luckily I had ranch at home.
3	I love Wendy's for their spicy chicken nuggets in the value menu! It used to be 5 pieces now it's only 4. But they are so good, lol. And the buns they use for their dollar burger are so soft and good better than mcdonalds. Only thing I'm not liking is the damn drink machine! I'm all about forward thinking and hi tech gadgets, but a computer mixing drinks is not the business. I don't know what formula they Used to mix a cherry coke but it taste more like extra strength NyQuil cherry to me. Good for when you want nostalgic feeling of your mom making you down that shit before bed, not good with bomb diggity spicy nuggets.
