3	This hotel looks a lot nicer from the outside than it does from the inside....!!It looks somewhat mysterious from the outside, and inside it's got all the signs of a slightly run-down, 90s hotel. yeah it's nice, but it has that musty smell you can never shift.The staff are lovely though, you can't fault them for service. It would benefit greatly from a lick of paint and some love!
4	When me and the stink bomb decided to come and stay in a hotel for the night, I had a wader round the George Street area to see what was available, and for the purpose of research I took a quick nosey into the opulent but unassuming looking Frederick.From the argument taking place behind the reception desk to the tatty and careworn decor, it reminded me very much of a modern day Fawlty Towers.  As a man who knows how to appreciate old fashioned British eccentricity, I'm sure I'd have loved to stay here, but I sense it's currently not quite the best venue in town for a romantic getaway.
4	Very nice hotel right by all attractions in city center, free wifi, no adjacent parking and the affiliated lot charges GBP 20 but lots of street parking around.  Very helpful, courteous and professional staff.  Breakfast is included at the well known Rouge Cafe.
2	This hotel served it's purpose at such short notice.  It has seen better days, and could do with a bit of make over at some point.
3	Very nice place, very reasonably priced too! 4* luxury (mostly) with an interesting breakfast arrangement with Cafe Rouge! I'd certainly go back here to stay again.
4	**This is a review from a US tourist from her Scotland trip in April 2014 with her aunt and cousin (3 members in party)**A really great hotel for the price! We paid $75 per person for a 3-person room for two nights and it was a GREAT deal considering the excellent location of the hotel. It's about a 10-15 minute walk across the bridge to Old Town/Edinburgh Castle and a 10 minute walk to the Waverly Train station. The front desk was very friendly!Breakfast is free across the street at Cafe Rouge. The food there isn't bad, quite filling and has 3 options. Service is prompt and fast. This hotel has a lift for people with large suitcases. Rooms are not too small at all, but the bathroom was a wee bit small. Free WiFi and fast too. Lots of bars in New Town on the same street to walk to for a pint. About 5 minutes away from Rose Street, famous for plenty of pub and restaurant choices.
