4	Given my generally poverty stricken status, I can't really justify buying books when Edinburgh has such a fantastic network of libraries, but every now and again I get sucked into Waterstone's. I harbour dreams of one day living in a house large enough to accommodate a library and Waterstone's helps to facilitate these dreams. I can spend a good hour in here browsing, picking out tomes with which to fill up imaginary shelf space. The people who work here seem to be quite knowledgeable and will happily give you some inspiration if you're looking for a present for someone or a treat for yourself: I trust their opinions as dotted around the shelves are little handwritten notes explaining why such and such is a worthwhile read. The store also runs regular in person events with high profile authors. These are usually ticketed and cost a couple pounds to attend, but could provide an invaluable insight into your favourite book or author's mind.
3	This particular Waterstone's bookstore on busy Princes Street has always been a bit of a disappointment. I tend to walk in here with the optimism that this will be the day I find the most amazing novel and usually come out empty handed. I don't quite know what exactly doesn't work in this one. The staff our friendly and it is spread over a couple of floors.I think I am mostly disappointed with the variety of stock. Perhaps we have been spoilt with the abundance of choice we are used to, but this ain't no charity shop- they are supposed to have too much choice! Some novels are overemphasised and their posters whammed into your face anywhere you turn whilst others are completely overshadowed! Once after failing to find the Little Prince I asked a girl who worked there. It must have been her first day, she had no idea about this book and where it would be located in the shop. We ended up hunting around together only to find one copy squeezed between some Wriggles books. Not cool.
4	Going to Waterstone's reminds me of being a child and spending my Saturday afternoon browsing the books while the parentals did the same. Wow I was a geek.Waterstone's is probably the best High Street book retailer as it stocks a huge range of genres, and if they don't have it in then they will probably order it for you. I actually really like Waterstone's but I rarely shop there after becoming a Amazon whore.
4	Good as Waterstone's is, having spent many years endlessly browsing the massive and sadly now departed Borders in Glasgow city centre, few other bookshops can compare. Waterstone's is now perhaps the last major High Street bookseller left, and while I've never found it can compete with it's bankrupt rival in terms of either stock or atmosphere, I hope to god they can continue to keep afloat. Otherwise I might have to go on a placard waving "save your local bookstore" protest.Bearing in mind every single publication here can be bought on Amazon for about half the price, they'll need to think of something fast.
5	I love this place, I always feel super clever when I'm browsing the shelves! It's a great place!I especially love to come here when I need to buy some presents. The downstairs books are great  - they literally have everything! I've bought a few good fashion books and brilliant selection of memorabilia! There's something about the smell of books that's really quite special, isn't there?! They have it in abundance here!If you have an hour to spare, spend it in here, it's absolutely brilliant!
4	You cant go wrong with Waterstones. While I would rather go to Blackwells for my academic books - Waterstones still has an excellent selection of study books for sale, and sometimes they stock ones you just cant get any where else.Aside from that, I would always come to Waterstones for all of m other book needs - thier selection of classical, fiction and non-fiction is second to none, and thier other book catagories, such as graphic novels and childrens books are also splendid. This shop is also nicely laid out, with the classical architecture of the shops on Princes Street really lending itself to Waterstones - theres just something abouit a grand staircase and pillars that does it for bookshops.
4	This particular branch of Waterstone's is by far the biggest on Princes Street, which is why I usually head straight to this one as you're much more likely to find what you're looking for.Although I'm embarrassingly uncultured and don't read very much, and therefore probably not an expert on bookshops, I still think the sheer range of stock that you find here is really good. They have sections on everything from 'Local Scottish History' to 'After Dinner Speeches', and everything in between.The other thing I really like about it is how knowledgeable the staff are. No matter how obscure the book that you're looking for is, there'll always be somebody around and willing to go and look it up for you on the database. A lot more than can be said for a lot of other High Street chains!Maybe they've always stocked them and I've just never noticed, but I saw last time I was in that they also have quite a big range of greetings cards, making present shopping much easier and more convenient.
5	In terms of volume, this branch of Waterstones could probably rival The Strand in New York and Foyles in London. Spread over several floors in a historic building on Princes Street, it has literally acres and acres of books on every subject from art, photography and architecture to business studies and the economy. Whilst I regularly browse the shelves of the Film, Food & Drink and Travel sections, I have to admit the section I always head for is the Fiction. Earlier this year, they had a wonderful display of female authors including Anais Nin, Angela Carter and Zadie Smith and they're currently promoting Short Story Masters from Flannery O'Connor and Tobias Wolf to Sherman Alexie. There's regular 3 for 2 offers on cult and classic fiction and if you sign up for a Waterstones card you get free points for each book you buy. Well, what are you waiting for?
5	A good selection of books in just about any subject matter you can think of; if you can't find it on the shelves, one of the store's friendly assistants will be happy to direct you to the correct location, or look at ordering it in for you.Unlike a lot of book stores I've been to, they have a genuinely wide and varied selection of sci-fi, fantasy and horror books; they've even been kind enough to separate out the more modern "dark romance" novels onto a different set of shelves so you can find the Stephen King's and Clive Barker's of this world without having to wade through the detritus of modern teen culture.This particular Waterstones features a Starbucks on the top floor, with stunning views of Edinburgh castle to mull over whilst you enjoy a latte and contemplate your next purchase.If you're interested in sci-fi and fantasy, I recommend asking in store about the sci-fi and fantasy book group that meets every second Thursday in the Starbucks.  They offer good company, an open mind, a store discount on the night, and the occasional free cake if anyone remembers.
3	Reasonably decent bookshop. Doesn't hold a candle to Blackwells on Nicholson Street or any of the smaller independents scattered around Edinburgh. Plenty 3 for 2 offers to keep your wallet happy, but lacking in capturing the excitement that books hold for readers. There's also a half-decent selection of note pads, address books, calendars etc, but if I was you I'd toddle up the road to Paper Tiger and find a more inspiring selection there. Still, it's clean, spacious and well-laid out. As book shops go, it's alright.
4	I actually quite like Waterstones now. I do have a love-hate relationship with it, especially over its travel section which ranges from fab to absolutely dire depending on when you visit.However on this visit, everything was tickety boo. There are usually some great offers on such as buy one, get one half price on some great, current books. This time, I was here for the book group choice of Agatha Christie, 5 Little Pigs. There had clealy been a 'run' on this text as I had struggled to get my two little mitts on it, but after phoning ahead and checking its availability, I found it at Waterstones Princes' Street.Staff were able to locate the book, check it was where it was meant to be and put it aside so I could collect which I did - all a seemless process. I also realised that the last 3 or 4 times when I've been struggling to find books, I've tracked them down here which has pleased me no end. Combined with the fact that Waterstones now sells Cuckoo's cakes (including the gf carrot cake) then I'm as happy as a little piggy in the merde to shop here...
2	In the day, before I had any incline of indie coffee chains(pre Yelp) and when my favourite place to chill out after work was Waterstones, the coffee supplied by its previous occupiers, was more than just well coffee...I mostly went there for the banter, from the baristas.So tell me Edinburgh what's happened to this bookywooky shop? Really do nice cakes make up for the gapping chasm of friendliness and passion that used to lure me back week upon week; I think not! Somehow it has left me less warm to the chain since the renovation, just like a random wifi connection.Yep the black/cream walls could do with a good lick of paint, the toilets could be more welcoming, the dwindling book stock could be more...stocky! New coffee team, different position of the coffee shop(why change it if it ain't broken) this place is in real danger of of going either one of two ways. Either turning into an abode that resembles Black Books or a massive Kindle shop? I know which one  I'd prefer?God help me if one day I go in and Bernard Manny and Fran are sitting drinking red wine in the corner, swatting strange unseen creatures, while they discuss the reasons not to throw a kindle in the bin, or end the suffering of book lovers and give this place back the dignity and charm it deserves or put it out to pastures new.I did like coming here, but now as I know it's lost a few regular customers, dropped a few more books since I started writing this email and not really made many inspirational changes to keep me from going elsewhere then apologies to them.But if your gonna subtract something then if you add something else you really should multiply to get better results. With great power comes greater responsibility so please Waterstones be even greater and more responsible!
5	SHHH! It's not all about the books, there's coffee too!Ever wanted a latte atop a four-story bookshop? Head up the crazy winding staircase worthy of a Harry Potter movie set, and discover one of the most wonderful little cafes on Princes Street.Surrounded by hundreds of books and overlooking the castle through large stone windows, this is certainly one of the more unique coffee experiences you're likely to have in Edinburgh. Buy a book or bring your own, and enjoy a relaxing hour cuddled up with a coffee and a story.
4	Waterstones is the Barns and Nobles of the USA, minus the Nook book reading devices. This store is always clean and has a HUGE selection of books on 2 or 3 floors if I am not mistaken. Also has a little coffee shop on the top floor so you can buy your books , go get some coffee and read. I love going into the entrance and seeing what is on sale and all the new best sellers. Has a great selection of Scottish and UK writers and such. Staff seem to always be there to help you with any questions you might have. Downstairs is my favorite though , thats where all the science and history books are so I can nerd out and read about astronomy and other nerdy things. Over all lovely store and I am a fan!
