5	The Capitol Sports Lounge opened in late 2009 on the southwest corner of 18th Avenue and Van Buren. This seemingly unlikely location actually brings in an interesting mix of professionals from downtown and State buildings, sports fans, and locals to the neighborhood. I had not been to bar that Capitol has replaced but after speaking with a few regulars it's clear that the new owner have sunk a lot of time and money into the bar. With high definition TVs on every wall (and the interior is huge) and a great sound system, it's a fantastic place to watch games. The bartenders and managers were very friendly. Their prices on bottled beer were fair and they had free hot dogs and appetizers when I was there. I will be returning to the Capitol. Plus I've heard a rumor that they've got a Steak Night to compete with the Hidden House on Wednesday nights.
4	Just a hop, skip, and jump away from work, the Capitol Sports Lounge is a great hang out for after-work drinks in a relaxed, laid back place. It might not be in the most desirable place in town, but fear not, it seems to have a mix of government workers and locals (perhaps from across the street's Central Boxing Gym) who are just there to watch a game, drink a beer or two, and chill out for some sports bar conversation. The staff is friendly, the happy hour prices are fantastic, and although the music can be a little loud at times, there is ample places to sit and chill with some friends. They also have a pretty decent menu, with typical bar food, and daily special that run the range of Tuesday Taco Night and Wednesday Steak Night.So, if you work in the Capitol Mall area, definitely take a walk over and enjoy a few pints. You'll be glad you did.
2	My wife has suggested we check this bar out on more than one occasion, and I shot the idea down every single time stating, "there's nothing good about the avenues" (anything west of 7th Ave, excluding Bikini Lounge that is).  Finally I caved... when she offered to buy beers. Immediately upon entering, I smiled... a smug, shit eating grin... an "I told you so" grin... We were greeted by sticky floors and the overwhelming smell of old cheese. We sat down at a table that we were both afraid to even touch. Not a single server batted an eye at us, so we went to the bar to order 2 tall beers. Nothing fancy in this bar. Although you can't beat a 25oz mug of Miller Lite for $3 or whatever it was...THE ONLY SAVING GRACE: the locals that frequent this bar... on a daily basis according to most of them. A man named Juan came over and introduced himself, and judging by his welcoming attitude, I assumed he must be the owner, or manager or something... WRONG. Just a really really nice guy who introduced us to everyone and offered to buy our next round! We politely declined as we wanted to get the hell out of there fast.In summary: 1 star for convenience of location, cheap beer, and sports on tv, and 1 star for JuanProb won't be back anytime soon...
