4	Erica is right, this is people watching central.  As an out-of-towner, I was advised this is where the out-of-towners go.  Beers were $4.  It was crowded but not so packed you couldn't move anywhere.  The patio has water spritzers to keep you cool on the hot days.  Great place to go and wait out the traffic departures.
2	We stopped at Sliders after a DBacks game to have a drink since it was such a nice day out. This was the first time I'd been to Sliders even though I've walked past it so many times seeing how packed it usually is before and after games. I would say it's an ok place to just get a drink. They have plenty of outdoor seating and misters to help in the summer. On the day we were there, they ran out of the beer we wanted! So either they were very busy that day or someone didn't order enough Blue Moon... Not sure. We also tried the nachos off of the appatizer menu, I would say bad idea unless you appreciate flavorless chili and an entire layer of jalepenos on top of everything. If I do end up going there again it will be just for a drink before or after a game and hopefully they have the beer stocked!
2	How delightfully unmemorable.The coolest part of this bar is the stamp you receive upon entering: "HAPPY HO" Nice. Way to label your clientele before they get any ideas of respect. Honestly with the exception of a few pieces of eye candy, this place felt like a walking petrie dish for the CDC's STD Division. I wouldn't have used the toilet if my guts were spilling out my ass and I was wearing white Prada panties. I've had better service at Wal-Mart. If the drinks were any weaker, there'd be negative alcohol in them. Meh is rather complimentary to Sliders.
3	Great place to go drink and celebrate after winning a game -- this is just what we did earlier in the week when the D-backs beat the Braves (5-2).Crowd was pretty interesting, lots of beer tub girls in skimpy outfits... took the bouncer 10min to get my girlfriend's ID out of her wallet for a closer inspection (it was stuck pretty good) he could have let her just go in... she is young, but not 20!Can't imagine ever going here for anything other than post game drinks... and it's just fine for that.
1	See what happens when you get ROTD'd?? You break the 2 month hiatus of crap review writing and join the world again. I see what's goin on here Yelp....:)Too bad I chose to review this place. It doesn't get much worse. DB and slut central in there. The drinks are weak, the food sucks and they blow this ridiculously LOUD horn for no apparent rhyme or reason. I'm thinking to myself  "... did someone leave a fat tip?? was there nipple slippage?? is there a fucking reason this a-hole keeps blowing this stupid horn??"  Answer: noIt was like being trapped in some never ending frat nightmare....complete with underage girls dressed like prostitutes, slangin' H20 outside. I witnessed the creepiest exchange between one of these girls and some middle aged dood that should've landed him on "To Catch a Predator". Trash TrashTrashI won't be back. There has to be a better place to grab a couple of drinks after a game. I'll keep looking.
1	This place BLOWS and not in a good way. Thursday evening right before a baseball game, there were people drinking and eating outside and insude. The places was pretty busy. How bad could it be?UGGHH.... The server was wearing last years skinny shorts and was muffin topping out of them all over the place. She never refilled water, only came back after motioning to her, recommended shit food. I am a burger snob, so I ask before I order if the burgers are:1. Good2. Fresh not frozen3. Can be cooked to med rareAnswers were:1. Yes, they are excellent2. Yes, hand pattied and fresh3. Yes, but only to MeduimSo I get the burgers and frys. The frys were good. (got that out of the way)Problems with the burger:1. Worst burger i have ever had2. fresh yesterday because it was a premade and cooked then placed in a juice of somesort, re-grilled on a flat op and burnt on one side only. It had zero flavor and was 1/2 mushy, 1/2 burnt.3. was cooked all the way through like a freakin meatloafIt was so bad i added salt 3 times and pepper 2 times. I still needed something to taste so i added the chili peppers from the pizza. Needless to say they took it off the bill. The other items we had was a Philly and there was about 1/2 the meat it should have. Pizza slice, was day old and rubbery. The drinks were served in cheap plastic cups like you get at a "free drink " special night in a nasty strip club or something. They were waek as shit too. Blah.....I would have been happier with a $1.50 drink and hot dog at the ball park.
2	Are you serious? $4.50 for domestic beers during the usual "happy hour" time? That includes Old Style (we were there for the Cub game)!! At grocery stores you can get a 6-pack of Old Style for $4.50! And charging $5.50 for a Corona?! Cra-zy!"World Famous Sliders"? These were the worst sliders ever, I think Jack and the Box sliders are better. Almost $10 for six southwestern sliders with a patty the size of a half dollar that got lost in the bun, one jalapeno, a small square of cheese, and salsa to make the bun soggy. I know they have a prime location being right outside of the ballpark and all, but does that really give them the right to charge whatever they want? They are going to make money regardless, they don't have to be greedy about it!
1	Last night before the D-Backs and Cubs game I stopped in for what I thought were going to be cheaper beers before going into the game.  I was way wrong.  Actually I think it's cheaper to drink inside the park then this place.  The only good thing is it was full of Cubs fans so I was in good company.  I won't make the mistake of stopping here again.
1	This is quite possibly the worst food I've ever paid for at a restaurant.  I'm sure I've whipped stuff up less edible than this junk at some point in my life.  But I expect when going to a restaurant to at least want to finish the food.1.  I ordered the Chicago Dog.  Seemed like a safe choice at a restaurant called sliders.  Sliders are a midwestern staple, Chicago is in the midwest, so these guys must be able to prepare a solid Chicago Dog, right.  WRONG!!!  My dog comes out and as soon as I pick it up the dog falls out of the back side of the bun.  I do my best to put it back together.  Then on the first bite the entire bun literally disintegrates into a crumbled mess.  Are you kidding me I thought?  Well as we were eating before the game I just decided to grin and bear it.2.  My wife ordered the sliders.  That seemed an even safer choice than the Chicago dog given the name of the restaurant.  Now my wife can spend an afternoon pounding down white castles.  So while I find them disgusting she loves a good slider.  I think she forced herself to eat two of them and then had to stop.  They were noticeable dry.3.  My daughter ordered the chicken tacos.  They were terrible.  It's almost impossible to imagine, but these were actually worse then the dog or the sliders.  It was just dry, shredded chicken with lettuce and cheese.  The chicken had no moisture or flavor.  No sauce or anything.This place was embarrassing.  I won't ever even go in their for a beer before a game.
3	Nice stop to grab a beer while waiting for friends or for the game to start. Nothing fancy here. It's just your typical food & bar scene with outdoor seating for people watching. I'm not sure what happened but someone dropped there glass bottle from the second floor nearly missing a guys head. That would've been painful...ouch.
1	Is it possible to give a zero star rating because this place certainly is worthy of one.  The family and I were going to the Dodger vs D-Backs game on 9/25 and after wandering aimlessly around the stadium we made the mistake of choosing this place.  After being seated in the outdoor area we waited for almost 15 minutes before our waitress took our drink order.  It only got worse from there.  The wife ordered the southwest sliders which were dry, flavorless and came with just one small slice of jalapeno.  I had the pulled pork sliders which were also dry with the worst bbq sauce I have ever had.  Poor service and even worse food guarantees there will be no return visit.
5	Had to give this place FIVE stars because it is IDEAL for a pre-game and post-game hang out.It could basically be considered part of the ball park, it is that close. I got the Chicago dog... because the Cubbies were in town! Came out super fast and they even remembered the Celery Salt! A small detail that is usually overlooked by many restaurants.Negatives, not a lot of options besides the standard beer and mixed drinks. No frozen Margs. No Mojitos... but whatever! I was able to get those drinks at Chase Field (def creep into the Club level at the Stadium- that's where the full-bar is kept secret!).After the game its a full-blown beer garden with happy people talkin' smack in their huge outdoor seating area.I will be going HERE before and hopefully after each game at Chase Field.
3	I went here before a diamondbacks/cubs game.  The only thing this place has going for it is that it is across from an entrance into the ballpark.I went to the women's room twice and the appearance and cleanliness got worse the second time around.  The hand dryers were out of service, the paper towel holders were out of paper towels, patrons had to settle to dry their hands on a dirty, half wet paper towel from a roll that was sitting on the disgusting bathroom counter.  The stales were without hooks to hang a purse or bag and let's be honest the bathroom floor is the last place you want to have to set your purse on.I did not eat on this occasion so I don't know what the food is like but they didn't even have mimosas to order to drink!!  Needless to say I was extremely disappointed, I don't think I have never not been able to order a mimosa.  I had to settle for a Bloody Mary, which was delicious and made up for them not having champagne.I can see how this place is appealing for guys as they had girls with skimpy clothing on at multiple beer tubs on their patio.  There was definitely a high ratio of men to women and I definitely felt eyes on me the whole time from creepy men who have nothing better to do than to gawk at someone less than half their age!!If I had to go here again I would, but if I had the choice I would definitely choose Majerles as a pregame spot for any downtown events!!
2	World famous sliders are horrible. Don't even taste like meat.
1	We went on a D-Backs game day!  The food was pre-prepared and the waitress did not even know what "well/ house vodka" was.  The service was alright but was def not worth the price or wait!   Most likely won't return!
1	I went before a game in April and It  was awful!  The food is terrible and way overpriced...  Never ever eat at this place!
1	Worst food, Worst Service, and Dirty Bathrooms.  Would never ever go again
1	Small TVs, no draft beer and it took 45 min to get our food order placed. Server didn't write down the order, tried to do it from memory and got it wrong.  Save your time and money, go somewhere else.
5	Great place! and Bartender Kristina (i think) is awesome.
1	First the good...service was friendly and fast considering that the place was ridiculously packed.  Unfortunately the high marks end there.I had one of the most disappointing burgers of my life.  The meat was cheap and overcooked to a level I don't think I've seen before, even though I specifically asked for medium-rare.  The bun...seriously??  It was one of the worst generic cheap buns I've ever seen.  Not what you expect on a $12 burger.  The bacon was likewise cooked in a nuclear oven.  I like it crispy, this was just mostly inedible.Beer selection was pitiful, so no reason to go for that.  Overall, there's zero reason for any person to ever go here.Oh, I forgot to mention how over-priced it is.  Even if the food was great the price would be higher than other places with the same food.  Considering they use the cheapest ingredients possible, it should cost about half what it does.
2	July 2011 - def. typical bar food - no option for side salad w my wrap...umm potato salad I guess? Limited menu and not much "healthy" but it's not like I really thought there would be!
4	Only because my friends and I had a s*it ton of fun here after the giants vs. dback game.  Drink prices are cheap compared to the inflated $10.75 i paid at the ballpark.  I recommend hanging out with your brew outside.
3	I have only been here before baseball games and they have a great location to get a beer before you head into Chase. I like that you can chill outside and watch people streaming into the stadium. I do wish they had pub height tables outside so I could set my drink down because my hand warms my beer so I have to drink it fast and then I have to buy another one...oh wait maybe they have an evil plan. I also wish they had beers on tap instead of just pulling beers out of buckets. I am better off slamming cans of beer from my car trunk before the game.
4	this is a great place to get primed up before a D-BACKS game!!  good vibe and loud music!!
1	SERIOUSLY?????Tequila Shots in a Plastic CUP????????????????What a shocker for a first timer at the Chase Field.....we don't roll that low in San Francisco.Shame on you.I'm not lying: See my proof: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FyjyvbOAzciU77x-5AIdBA&userid=PadmV2GEoA6mWpQUpPh7Ig
1	WOW!  Just spent a weekend in PHX for the Giants vs. Diamondback series.  Having not been to the ballpark, I had no idea what to expect.  So first game we went to Sliders...looked like it would a great place to hang out before the game.WRONG - no one was there.  No one shows up until 20-30 minutes before the game.  The beer selection was crap.  They have nothing on tap because the original propreietors didn't know what they were doing and made the keg lines too long (according to the bartender).The "BEST" hand tossed pizza?  Umm...I watched the cook pull out frozen PRE-CUT dough from a box.  He warmed it up prior to placing toppings on it.Oh - and the best...it's not open when the d-backs are on the road?  How do you build up a following if you are only open during baseball games.  WHAT A DUMP!
1	My husband and I came after the D-backs came.  It was expensive and had a limited menu.  Food was ok, but how hard is it for a sports bar to have good wings.  Our waitress was kind of rude, when we commented on the limited menu she told us that we were free to go to TGI Friday's.  We will definitely remember to try that next time.
1	From out of town.  First time here, and last.  The sliders burgers looked and tasted like little White Castle rejects.  Appetizers lousy.  $5 for a small basket of chips and salsa.  Chips were stale as it was.  Only bottle beer, cheap plastic chairs made for kids.
1	So a friend of mine went here last Friday, and they were double charged.  The bartender took advantage of the situation and threw out the receipt to avoid cancelling the $60 amount. Which she claims and assumes was her tip (on a $60 bill). "I get a 100% tips!" umm..yeah.. I think I will skip this place for sure!
2	If you're looking for a quick bite before the game, this is an OK place to go. The food is nothing special, typical sports bar food. Maybe even less than typical. I had the Caesar salad and the chicken wasn't of great quality. Atmosphere is pretty bland, plastic tables and chairs are a little much.
