4	Aaah... Internet cafes, places to unwind with a skinny mocha and surf the web for funny videos of cats or to catch up on your emails.The Ministry of Gaming, however, isnt your average internet cafe. A dedicated gamers cafe, TMoG (as it likes to be called) is a place where you and your friends can go for an online game of almost anything that takes your fancy - or head online and take on people from around the world.Computers are fast and well looked after, although unless you decide to make a day of it, TMoG can be rather expensive.However, with a vast range of already installed games and a friendly staff willing to take you on if you ask nicely enough - TMoG is a geek heaven.
3	Back when the internet took off, a lot of places like the Ministry of Gaming sprung up everywhere. It was a weekend hot spot for kids and teenagers who wanted to engage in a heated battle of Starcraft over someone else's LAN network.Now, people tend to burn out their computers with WoW from home. So the Ministry of Gaming is a fairly unique meeting ground of gamers in Edinburgh who want to get their fix of RPG for an afternoon. There's an abundance of PC's and although it's expensive, the connection is fast. Which often proves to be vital in games which take up a lot of your RAM.The most I got into this realm was when I would batter my friends for a Pokemon on my Gameboy, so certain aspects of this shop may be better reviewed by someone truly in the know. But from what I can see, it's functional, got good quality PC's, spacious and cool if you're wanting to while away a Saturday over World of Warcraft.
2	The idea of this place on paper, is great. Take the computers out the bedrooms and put them in a more social setting.The only problem is that even when someone is right next to you, they STILL don't talk to each other.I caught two teenagers sitting side by side, talking to each other on MSN. We're doomed as a species.As I sat checking my e-mail, I wondered how all these kids can stay so skinny sitting at a computer for 8 hours a day. The intense heat coming from 20 computers makes the place like mini sauna for the meek.I love geeks, I've been one all my life. But for god sake, you can make friends in real life and not just on Xbox live.
