1	Hiring Jimmerson was the biggest mistake I made. He misrepresented his fee.  He never asked me to sign a contract. He never filed a single motion or conducted any discovery. He was completely unprepared when we appeared in court.  I was embarrassed for him. When my case was eventually resolved by me and the other side Jimmerson Hansen sued me for additional fees.  Not only is he a joke as an attorney in my opinion he is a thief.  Save yourself and do not hire Jim Jimmerson.
1	Hiring Jimmerson was one of the biggest mistakes of my life too. His lack of legal representation was devastating to my life. Id' challenge Mr. Jimmerson to come walk a day in my old shoes. I'd  challenge him to see first hand, the devastating affects his lack of representation created years later in my broken family. I'd sure like to tell him about the chain of events he helped to start. Maybe we could take some flowers to the graveside of the father of my two grandsons, whom died last year in my oldest daughter's apartment from an overdose of heroin? Maybe we can talk about the devastating long term affects to five small children who ended up being raised by a rich sex addict, closet drunk, gambler & liar- while being "mothered" by his silicone breasted, cold and calloused young mistress? Maybe we can talk about 3 of my now adult kids who turned to hard drugs and heroin too? Maybe we can talk about my oldest daughter losing custody of my grandsons for being a junkie? Or, we can go visit my "semi retired" thieving ex-husband and his new wife/ ex-young mistress and their two young kids, who now pretend to be broke for the IRS, while also pretending to be one big happy family, living in a paid for custom home in another state- living off of what is in fact, MY stolen MILLIONS- MILLIONS that Jimmerson helped give to him! Jimmerson cared so little that he didn't even show up to court on the day my lopsided divorce was finalized. Why did I get taken to the cleaners? Because Jimmerson seemed too busy doing other things, instead of defending me against an evil and wealthy man. I negotiated the entire terrible divorce alone and literally ended up working with my ex-husband's thieving attorneys. For all the money I paid to Jimmerson, I saw him only 3-4 times.I paid Mr. Jimmerson's hefty fees for his supposed "brilliant" services, but was quickly shuffled off to one of his newly hired, very young assistants. This young girl looked fresh out of law school. She did not know what she was doing, nor did she have a clue who she was up against. Fact- Jim didn't even show up for the deposition of my ex-husband, wherein my ex LIED through his teeth about the net worth of our business. Fact- my ex committed a massive defraud that cost me and my family well over 15 million dollars! How did it happen? Because I was a stay at home mom with five small kids.My ex had complete control over our business and assets. I had no way to legally substantiate nor refute the piles of false paperwork my ex submitted. This was Jimmerson's job, but he dropped the ball. Jimmerson's office was supposed to do a thorough discovery into the piles of pure crap my ex presented as "evidence" that our business was "worthless." Obviously, Jimmerson didn't believe me, but seemed more content to listen to what my ex and his thieving attorneys were telling him; that our business was worthless and I was just a crazy ex-wife. I told Jimmerson's young assistant that almost everything my ex stated about our net worth in his deposition was a lie. My protests and pleas for help fell on deaf ears. Was there a pay off for Jimmerson, for what still seems to me as his almost going along with what my ex and his attorneys wanted? Who knows? Not me. To this day, there are so many unanswered questions. And because I was left with literally nothing, there was no way to file any sort of timely appeals nor hold my ex accountable for the massive defraud he DID in fact commit. Appeals and counter claims take money and because I got hung out to dry, money was the one thing I didn't have.Of course, my ex and his attorneys knew this too. There was nothing I could do. He got it all and I got the shaft!Where was Jim on the day my divorce was finalized? Who knows?The fat, sloppy woman from Jimmerson's office who did show up in court, made it clear through a snide whispered comment to me during a break, that she was "only there to procure money that I owed to Jimmerson." I was literally without legal representation on the day my divorce was signed. What did I get for my many years long marriage to this abusive, rich, controlling man and being a mother of his five children? Nothing- save a lousy alimony check, which my ex proceeded to take away from me in another cunning, lie filled legal maneuver about two years later. Here's the capper!Jimmerson never seemed to believe me about the value of our multi million dollar business. Sad Fact- my ex SOLD our business- like he said he would- a new homes magazine- less than two years after our divorce was finalized- for over 15 MILLION! This is only a low estimate. The amount of the sale was so massive, that my ex has kept the sale and it's dollar amount a carefully guarded secret for YEARS! Fact-When I hired Jim, I told him that my soon to be ex had been in sales negotiations and intended to sell our business to a large publishing corp in Texas. EVERYTHING I told Jimmerson happened! Sound a little fishy? YUP!
1	Hiring jimmerson was a huge mistake for someone. He racked up more than one hundred thousand dollars in legal fees lost the case and than sued his own client forcing her into bankruptcy. This guy had a few big cases years ago and is desperate now that his reputation is tarnished. Don't hire him you will regret it.
