1	We arrived at 11:00 but it's now almost 12 noon noone is in the office at all. The manager seems a little over protective of the property. She was missing almost and hour but was not showing the property. But has the gall to yell at me for taking a picture of the sign that shows the times. (Look at the pictures.) I wish we had a place on yelp to upload videos of rude people who treat you mean. Over All...  I felt uneasy. I cant rent from someone who is well I don't know how to explain it...I don't need a manager telling me its her home because no Maam I pay rent here so this is my home. If you want a home u need to pay the rent. This is not 1940 its 2013 if you can take my money then you can respect me as the owner. I understand that its rules where ever you go but you wont tell me what I can and cant do inside my home she crazy. The apartments are not all that...The manager needs to work on having her own children I have a mother I was seeking a place to live with my husband not someone to control my life I will never go back to this place. To give you an example the manager was like you need to keep the sink clean at all times...Ok Im not a nasty person but  where do she get off telling me what I need to keep clean inside my home. I'm a huge neat freak but no you don't control me she can find another chump to control it wont be me. I'm just saying. Also just because I rent from you don't mean you can just enter my home without my permission when ever u see fit. If you in my home you gonna ask me may you enter. I have a husband I'm the only woman of this house and you will respect me as such.
5	Wonderful community ;) It a very quiet property & feels secluded even though it's conveniently located near everything. Lezlie is awesome! Very friendly & always has a kind word & smile to offer... She has made our transition to Henderson very welcoming & truly made us feel at home. The maintenance staff is great too! We're really pleased with our new home!
5	So thankful to the Adobe Ranch Staff for making my year and a half stay the best experience! Moved here last July and was so excited to find a nice clean and new community to call home. If you are looking for a place to call home look no further. This gated community has a beautiful pool and bbq area with lush green trees. The gym is open 24/7 with clean equipment and a flat screen tv. Staff here at Adobe Ranch are friendly and wonderful. Lezlie is beyond helpful and amazing!! The maintenance staff were friendly and efficient and answered my maintenance requests in a timely manner. Thank you Adobe Ranch for making my move to Henderson easy :) Very sad to move back to California as I have met great people and friends here. I recommend this community to anyone who is looking for a cozy home feel. Can't go wrong with a beautiful gated community!
