2	Wow. You want a "locals'" casino? Here it is. Nobody in their right mind would venture to the Poker Palace while here on vacation. It's like they took a flea market, shook it up, and dumped it into a casino-shaped building. *shudders*I have to say, though, they have an excellent-for-beginners No Limit poker tournament here at 6pm nightly, for an affordable buy-in of $25. There are rebuys, though, which is very frustrating when you're playing your best game, and some yahoo is going mad, doubling up then going out then buying back in over and over and over again. And, like I said, it's a locals' joint, and the locals will let you know how they feel if you're an outsider and you knock them out.There's a little concession stand near the poker room that sells pretty good bugers, dogs, and cheese fries, which can be a nice consolation prize when you're standing on the rail.
3	Poker Palace is an odd place. There is a mix of regulars who seem to have been here from 1971 on, and a few barely legals trying their hand at the weekly tournaments. I went only because my boyfriend and his buddies decided to check it out. We all entered the tourney, I was out first. I sat at the dollar blackjack table for about an hour, lost, and waited for everyone to finish. I wouldn't venture too far from eyesight of the guys. While it was a good time, I wouldn't eat the food or drink anything either. If you are looking for a cheap poker tournament, this is your spot. If you are looking for Las Vegas glamour, then I suggest saving your time.
3	What a time warp.  Lots of mirrors and plenty of slots that still use coins.  We quickly bellied up to the bar but had to wait eons for a beer.  We obviously looked nothing like the regulars sitting at the rest of the bar so that put us dead last in the get-a-drink pecking order.  Even after a generous tip I still couldn't get a drink in under 10 minutes.The snack shack made up for all of that.  For $6 my friend and I ate like kings, Cheese Fries, Nachos, Onion Rings.  Sigh, I felt like I was at the fair!
5	This place is Awesome! Great food, cheap drinks, and a fun crowd. If you want to see where the locals go.... This is it
2	So I came here on a whim the other day for one of the daily poker tournaments held here. This place is alright, it caters mostly to the locals here and that is obvious when you walk-in. The condition of the casino is mediocre at best and the slot machines still pay out with coins! They do offer very cheap drinks & food at their snack shack which is a plus.The poker tournament, well I have to say it was poorly managed compared to the other ones that I've been to. They offer add-ons and re-buys which makes the game take a lot longer than it normally does, and while I knew that upfront it does get frustrating when people buy-in multiple times and it seems like the game is going on forever.
5	I love the poker palace, last couple times we were in Vegas we drove up here for some 21. The dealers are super friendly and the drinks are cheap, this place is in no way scary! Will be moving to Las Vegas soon and plan on coming here regularly.
4	We came to the poker palace to get something to eat before leaving town. Our friend that lives near Vegas has came here occasionally prior. I wasn't sure about it when we first pulled up, it's a little rickety looking but as we walked back through the casino to the restaurant the staff were all very friendly. It smelled of smoke a lot stronger & thicker than any of the other casinos on the strip I had been in but I just figured that was because it was a lot smaller. I thought the food was good and very affordable. I ordered biscuits & gravy with potatoes, husband got a burrito and 2 chicken tacos. Our waitress was super nice and overall if you're in Vegas and staying on the strip like we were and want to get a good deal on food and actually be able to order more than one thing without draining our bank account, this place is for you.
4	The Poker PalaceI absolutley LOVE the .01 games. I am so gratefull that they still carry the classic coin machines, but mostly I adore the fact that your non-smoking area doesn't smell like smoke. I get  peevish around smokers inside. I smoke my self, but like I have stated I smoke outside.After I played a few bucks late Sunday night, I had a few coronas; I got hungry the guy across from me was munching on some hot wings. I decided to meander around the place until I found Mickeys Snack Shack. Omg they have 8 wings and FF for $2.50. I was so suprised I decided to give them a try and sure as shiz They are delicous.I can't really say anything negative about who was there. Illegals, blacks, whites or anything of that nature. I don't really care as long as no one bothers me. The inside of this places is pretty decent. The cocktail servers were a little slow to come around and offer something to drink. Besides the facts this will be on my list of most common places.
2	Played black jack.  I put $20 near betting spots, Double Deck, for dealer to change. He dealt right past my money.  I put the money down while he shuffling.Left that table and went to a BJ shoe game.  Deal never smiled or said a word.  Would never play BJ here again.  Got the feeling my business was not, in the least, appreciated.Wanted to play poker, but it doesn't open till 6pm
4	cheap food and real slot machines that take and give give real coins.  I like it.
4	I absolutely love divey casinos. Since the unfortunate closure of The Western, I've been looking for a new top contender for biggest dump in town, and I think I may have found it.We took our visiting friend here in the middle of the day on a Tuesday to give him a taste of some local flair. The bar was packed, but the machines weren't very busy. They weren't very loose, either - we walked out with less than we walked in with. That's OK, though, because the divey ambience here is great. If the ceiling ISN'T yellow and the seats AREN'T crawling with god-knows-what, then it's not a dive.Poker Palace is a dive.
4	Its a Dive yes, however I love it there. Once every few months I go there. The food is pretty good and members get free or half off diner coupons. The budget loves that. I found the workers friendly, I have been going there for many years. There is a non smoking area that is just that!!!
