3	Watched the Lakers game here during our Staycation.  The atmosphere is electric because it's always packed.  Probably because it's one of the smaller sports books in town.  Finding a seat is tough....we stood most of the time.I know they're building a new sports book.....hopefully with a few more seats!Return Factor - 50%
4	This is right next to the Taco place "Pink Taco" and the jewlery store "Rocks".  It is a very nice sports book with a small bar right next to it.  I like that it is away from the main part of the casino.  We were this last Thursday watching all of the games for March Madness as well as grabbing a few cocktails for St. Pattys day.It is a smaller sports book and was extremly busy but you could still find a seat.  It has easy access and is a short distance from the parking garage (for all you locals out there).  The staff was very friendly and we were able to get drinks right away.  I would def return here for quick bets and no fuss.
4	This is one of my favorite sportsbooks in town. They have done a bit of remodeling to the casino hotel and also to the sports book as well. You can watch games on both Projection and LCD screens, there's in game betting, and nice bar that sits right off to the side of the sportsbook.Hard Rock Sportsbook gets pretty live. Especially for the big games. I came two weeks ago to place some bets (since I was staying across the street at Hyatt Place) and didn't have any problems. It was the first week of the NFL season, so of course the lines were pretty long. But as the season goes on, the lines start to get shorter. Staff was friendly, drinks were alright and there's plenty of seating. (People are always going in and out. So you should be able to find a seat or two)I had fun when I was there. This is one of those places that I will definitely frequent to watch or bet on a game. Give it a shot and let me know what you think! :)
3	For a small sportsbook this place is OK.  They have limited seating so it's not one of the better one's to go to in LV, but they aren't as busy either, which is good.  Their parlay card odds are decent but not as good as Cal Neva's or Caesar's, but on par with Station Casinos.  The odds on the board are good so single bets are the way to go here, not parlays.  They've got a small TV screen with all the fixings in each seat which is why I gave this place 3 stars and not 2 stars.  The small TV screens are pretty much similar to the one's in The M Resort's Sportsbook since it's run by the same sportsbook company.  Unfortunately, compared to the The M's Sporstsbook the large screens overhead are way to close and elevated when seated, so when you look up at a game don't be surprised to head bob a little to straighten out your neck.  Yeah, kinda uncomfortable for me - my big head strains my neck enough.
5	this is my favorite sports book in the city. the high def tvs and being able to game at your seat are amazing. the staff is really friend;y. this sports book is really fun and crazy during the biggest games of the season. the only  gripe i have is that during weekdays waitresses hardly ever come into the sports book. remember this sports book is cantor gaming so drinks are not free.
3	This is a small, but decent sport book.  They have all the standard betting you can do, but not too much on the exotic stuff.  Since it is kind of on the smaller side, it does tend to fill up quickly.  They do have plenty of TV's to watch the games, which is great.  We took a break from the pool to get some betting action on the football games last time we were here.  Got to love when some guy next to you hits a super long shot to win a nice chunk of change. While it isn't huge as others, it is easily accessible and right at the front of the casino floor.  A small but cool spot to watch the game and (hopefully) cash in on a lucky bet.
1	Cartoons on a TV during NCAA Saturday.  Bad.
