5	My sister's and I have an annual tradition of getting pedicures for the Christmas season. We came upon this little gem by happenstance!!! We walked in and asked for a standard pedicure for each of us (all with a design). They set us up right away! The whole staff was incredibly friendly. Each of the ladies were wonderful!!! So nice, very attentive and aware of how we were feeling during the whole pedicure (checking to see if we were comfortable, if the water or stones were too hot etc). They were very reasonably priced as well. Overall we had a fantastic experience and we will definitely be visiting again!!!
5	I love this place! They are doing my bridal party nails and got me cake and wine! They always remember my name and do the best job. I go nowhere else for my nails!
5	This place is great! The service is exceptional and the owners are the best! I had searched hard for a nail salon where my gel manicure would not come off after a week. They take their time and make sure I am always 100% satisfied. Everyone is so personal with you and they really go the extra mile. The prices are the best around!! I have referred a couple of friends and they have nothing but great things to say as well. Now they are returning customers! I am so happy I have found this spot!
5	your business is appreciated here!! and this is the place you want to get pampered! i've been coming here for at least 5 times in the past two months, and each time i was greeted with smile and a bottle of water, everyone was super friendly and attentive. I like to support local business like this because they treat me good, and who doesn't?! most importantly, they make my nails look sooo pretty and last long. so thanks for the good work, andy and tracy!
5	This place had recently moved to a brand new location and I stumbled into the grand opening. The new salon is BEAUTIFUL, clean and everything a nail salon should be. The people were friendly and prices were good. I knew exactly what I was getting with my pedicure and it was one of the best pedicures I have ever had. I only got a basic, so I can't imagine what a deluxe 40.00 pedi would have been. (Mine was the 20.00 special) since I had time to kill I got a mani too. It wasn't as good as the pedi, but I was still in and out, and my nails look FANTASTIC! Next time I'm in Mesa I will be back!
5	I love coming to this nail salon.  I used to go to another one nearby but the service is not as good as this place.  They are very friendly and do a great job on my nails! They take the time and do it right and at great prices too! Plus they are open till 7 pm which is good for those who work all day.  I highly recommended Blue Sky!
5	I've been here a few times after work and they have never disappointed. Fair prices ($45 for the best pedi) & very friendly staff. You will leave feeling pampered for sure!!
5	I have been going to this nail salon for quite awhile and they recently moved to a brand new salon a couple doors down from where they used to be located. The new salon is beautiful, relaxing, and very clean. The staff is always very nice and provide excellent service. I usually get gel manicures and pedicures and they always do a great job. I would definitely recommend this nail salon. It's the best I have found in the area.
5	I have been here twice and both times Henry has done my nails. He has done a wonderful job both times. I'm very picky when it comes to my nails and how I like them and he doesn't need direction...not with 12+ experience in the business. I will be back :)
5	I looked up this place on Yelp and saw that it got great reviews so i went, low and behold it is all that it was made out to be! The place is super clean and tidy, the staff is excellent and friendly and the work is high quality! They care about your time spent there with them and provide you with all that they can. I loved the outcome of my acrylics and will continue to come here!
5	Clean, friendly and beautiful job on my toes!!I was accommodated even though I walked in right before closing! I was greeted with a bottle of cold water! Nice touch, especially in the hot summer! Their standard pedi also comes with a hot stone massage! Yay!
5	Tried this place out because my regular place was busy. It is clean, pretty and service is great. Thanks Brandon!
5	Loving my nails! Found this salon on yelp and decided to check it out since I live near by. I wanted to get a manicure and pedicure with a Fourth of July theme. I brought in pictures from Pinterest and the lady replicated them better than the image I showed her! It was an overall very relaxing experience. Very pleased and I'll be back!
5	What a fabulous place! Super clean inside and the staff is really friendly. 97$ for 2 shellac color manicures, one fill and one eyebrow wax. Great for bridal parties or birthdays as the setup has chairs facing each other :) Great customer service. Would recommend and will be back!
5	I love this place!  I've been to many nail salons and the service and quality here can't be beat. I will definitely be heading back every month.
5	This is the best nail salon!!!  It has the greatest staff!!!  They are like my family!!!  Everyone is  professional and they do fantastic nails!!!  I like the fact that their foot baths are lined individually.  Each time they are used, they put in a clean liner!!   Plus their salon is sparkling clean!!!  I got a gift card for Mother's Day and I used it all up and then bought another one - what a great gift!!!  Hope to see you there - you won't be disappointed!!!!
5	This is the only nail place I go to and they are great! I moved up to North Mesa and I still drive down here. The price is fairly inexpensive compared to other places, they take their time, are friendly, and it is clean (they use plastic bags when getting a pedicure). Definitely recommend it!
5	My usual nail place is under new management and I had been having inconsistent experiences, so I was looking to try somewhere new. Saw this place on Yelp and decided to give it a go. I got the standard pedi and I really enjoyed it. It includes a hot stone massage and a hot towel, which was awesome. The shop has a nice, quiet atmosphere and is very pretty inside. I'll be back and will be looking to try some of the other options they have. :)
5	Consistently excellent service in a relaxing and beautiful atmosphere. Phenomenal customer service every time.
1	First time here... Lady who did my pedicure didn't know how to so a french pedi... So another lady finished my toes. Then I waited 30 minutes to get a fill!??? They aren't super busy but unorganized as they took a walk in before me? I guess this is what I get for trying a new place!! I would not recommend this nail salon!!! The only reason I came in here is because my salon is closed for the holiday and I couldn't wait until Friday to get this done... I paid for my pedicure and left. They told me they would give me a 20% discount on my fill when I come back? I won't be going back.
5	Loved this place. Very clean and lots of nail polish color choices! Tracy did a great job on my gel mani!
5	We had made an appointment for a pedicure and manicure for three.  We all had the best treatment of our lives!  I usually get a pedi/manicure every three weeks.  This was the first time we went to Blue Sky Nails&Spa.  I will come back any time in the future!   I can highly recomend this place!
5	Two friends and I visited Blue Sky today for the first time.  We all had mani/pedis and it was sheer heaven for all three of us!!  The pedicures they offer were the best any of us have ever had!!  I pass at least 10 salons on the way to Blue Sky but WELL worth the trip!  I'm now a regular, they have won us over for life!
5	I just got a gel manicure today  and i really love it. Tracy did it for me and she did a great job. She told me to try their new gel polish, and i was impressed by it. Their salon is clean and it makes me feel really relaxing. Their service is good too. I definitely come back for another manicure
5	This placr is amazing. We have gone multiple times and never disappointed. They are all very nice and listen to what we want. Anything that has gone wrong afterwards they have happily fixed for me. I love going to see these guys. My new favorite place! We have been going monthly for the last few months because we just love this place and the staff.
5	My new favorite! The place has a great atmosphere, very clean and the staff is very friendly. The person assisting me was friendly but not giving me the 3rd degree like at other salons. Just a nice, relaxing experience.
1	I went here on the basis of the reviews on yelp, after all, it's never steered me wrong before! My friend and I went here to get pedicures and how I wish we wouldn't have. While the place seemed clean, it was dead for a weekend (that should have been my first hint). Two guys did our pedicures. My friend got a basic color and I asked for a design from one of their pictures that were in the book on the table. Well my friends toes were cut in a "u" shape, dipping down in the middle and high on the sides-she was so confused, had the guy ever given a pedicure before? My design looked anything like the picture and ended up looking more like jail stripes than the cute summer chevron I had asked for. When it was time to pay my bill was more than what the sign said, but I never received a breakdown, looking back I probably should have asked, but we were meeting my mom after and needed to go. Flash forward, my second toe on each foot has been bothering me since the pedicure... saw a medical professional and they told me the place gave me a staff infection as well as an ingrown toenail. Y'all a STAFF INFECTION! I have been getting pedicures my whole life and never experienced anything like this. I'm new to the area and was just looking for a new place to get my nails did... Don't go to this place! Please find somewhere else, the pain and aggravation isn't worth it- you don't want this!
5	Always great service, salon is very clean, and friendly staff! I come here regularly for shellac manicures, pedicures, and eyelash extensions. The eyelash extension refills are only $35! You can't beat that! My nails and eyelashes are.always looking great because of this place.
5	I really like this nail salon! The prices are great, it's very clean, and the staff are always friendly! Plus they always do a design that I pick from my Pinterest ideas! The best is, that I can walk in and I have never had to wait!
4	I found this on Yelp and went because the reviews are pretty good. I got a regular polish French manicure and it was nice, I would have liked it if they spent more time on a hand massage. The polish selection is good and I like that they used Seche Vite topcoat because it's my favorite. I asked for a specific style of French where the base was a dark polish and the tip was black, the nail tech didn't understand me and did something different for the first nail but when I told her again what I was looking for she wiped my nail and re-did it. She had a very pleasant attitude and excused herself for the misunderstanding. Overall a good experience and the place looks newly remodeled and very clean.
3	Came here with my mother and sister in-laws to get our Christmas mani + pedi done. We have tried most of the nail salons around this area. We are trying to find one that we can come back regularly to that we like by so far we skip around. This place has a cute and modern setup. They do a really good job taking their time doing the massages and hot stones on your legs. Most nail salons offer the same service but they rush through and sometimes don't even do the hot stone. I'm impressed so far.Now my gel nails didn't turn out so well, but could be the lady that did mine wasn't familiar with the colors I was asking for ( red with silver tips ) because it took her awhile to find the silver I wanted. She used a dark matte gray then a clear glittery gray, which didn't look right against the red she did. Finally she went and got another nail tech to help her. That tech found the silver I wanted and finished up right away. The red turned out to look more like Dorothy's shoes from wizard of oz, which wasn't what I was looking for but honestly I may give them another try because they did a great job with the pedi.
