4	I have stayed at this location three times when I was in Vegas for business trips. It's convenient to the freeways but removed from the bustle and sweating masses. There is a nice view of the city as it sits on a hill above the fray. The hotel is probably around a year old and still feels new. Nice amenities for a Hampton. It is close to upscale shopping in the Green Valley area. There are several restaurants and 2 coffee places within a short walk so for me that is a bonus.That is all I have to say about this Hampton Inn.  Thank you for your time.
4	The best Hampton Inn I have stayed in. Super nice room with bathrooms that have granite counters. Huge room with nice desk and fancy desk chair. Great location next to Starbucks. Safe neighborhood and great service from the front desk. If you are into working out, ask for the special key for the gym across the street, the have an agreement with them for free access. The free breakfast is good with bacon, eggs, waffles, etc.This might be my new favorite hotel when in Vegas.
5	Very nice, attractive, clean and well run hotel - and an excellent value too.  We stayed in a mini-suite, with a king bed, fold-out sofa, and rollaway for the 4 (!) of us (including 2 grown kids and 2 little dogs) and our room still seemed roomy and spacious.  The hotel is in a quiet and convenient location, with a Starbucks and other small eateries nearby.  Hot coffee, chocolate, and tea and fruit are available at all times, and the free hot breakfast is a nice touch.  Service was excellent.  There is plenty of room to walk our dogs (in a huge, well lit, quiet parking area), and the pet fee is more than reasonable.
5	My mother and I stayed here over New Year's and it was lovely.  The staff was friendly, the room was nice and there was ample parking.  They always had some kind of delicious treat (Bavarian pretzels, red velvet cake!) that made it even homier.  I would absolutely stay here again when I am back in Vegas.  Thank you!
5	I love this hotel.  Love the location.  Love the friendly staff there every time.  Have probably stayed at this location a dozen times.  Get the suite.
4	We enjoyed our stay here. We arrived late at night and had our baby with us. We had called earlier requesting a pack and play for our room and it was all nicely setup when we got there (linens included). People were a bit loud at night, or maybe the walls are a bit thin? We think it was a bit of both. Mostly you could hear the people talking on the hallways but not from the room next door. Beds we're comfy and a/c was a bit loud but did their job! We liked the a/c noise actually because it "cushioned" the noise from outside for a while. Breakfast was really nice and staff was constantly refilling eggs, beverages and other warm food. The coffee was not good at all but I think they rotate them anyway, and it's all about taste. Other people seem to like it! There is also a Starbucks across the parking lot- convenient location!Plenty of parking and not a lot of traffic. We would definitely come back!
5	Loved staying at The Hampton Inn & Suites! At first I was like.... I wanted to stay closer to the strip. But, now this is the place for us. Clean suites, full free breakfast and is even dog friend
5	Very nice place.  Its are first time here and we love it.  A large and gorgeous room. Very comfortable beds. Amazing pillows.  If you are looking for a quiet and clean place to stay. This is it! Everybody talks about the breakfast here. Let's see.
4	This hotel is nice. The staff is super friendly and accommodating! Free breakfast is great. I do wish they had tub/showers instead of just the step-in shower, but that's not a biggie. As a thick-hair, curly-headed, I believe the water pressure in the shower could be a bit better, however the bed is ridiculously comfy so I can overlook the water pressure! The place is clean, looks new, close to everything.
5	Love this place.  First time in Vegas that I didn't feel disgusted walking through smoke filled casinos and all the tourists.  I come here for business so it's nice to be away from the strip.  Gym is nice as is the free coffee and lemon water dispensers.  The breakfast was so so but it was free.  Friendly staff and nice clean rooms.  I did have a large cockroach and cricket int eh bathroom.  They were both dead.  Lots of great restaurants nearby.  I'll be back for all my business trips.
5	Stayed here on our last trip to Vegas. The room was clean, roomy, and comfortable. The staff was helpful and friendly. This hotel is in a great location with a restaurant/sports bar next door.
5	The people are really great here. I actually stayed at this hotel for about 1 1/2 months when I originally relocated from south California. Also they serve breakfast and dinner during the week except for Friday. I suggest trying the chili. They usually serve it once a week
