5	This creamery serves the most DELICIOUS, DELECTABLE, homemade ice-cream made with the cream and milk from their own cows, with a wonderful selection of about 15 flavors or so.  The salted caramel flavor was highly recommended by the locals there and was delish.  But why not sample them yourself - the blueberry cheesecake flavor and banana-chocolate were also so good I had to try all three flavors.  This is true ice-cream, rich and creamy.  You won't need so much to be satisfied.  I HIGHLY recommend this ice-cream!!!  I make my own ice-cream and also travel a lot and enjoy trying real ice-cream everywhere, so I am a bit spoiled...this ice-cream exceeded even my expectations!!!The creamery also offers a wide selection of milk, chocolate milk, cheeses, and other dairy products, and other local foods.P.S.  They have adorable baby goats and a baby cow outside that love to eat the dandelion greens if you want to feed them.
5	As wonderful ice cream as you'll find anywhere.  Creamy and sweet with a variety of creative flavors.  Tastes truly hand-made.  During the holiday season, they come out with a special egg-nog that is better than any I've had.
5	Sassy Cow opened just as I was moving away from the US and I've driven past it every time I came home to see my family since, but hadn't stopped it. I remedied this over Christmastime. The ice cream. Oh, the ice cream! Delicious. Right up there with Babcock Hall ice cream. Fresh, creamy creamy creamy, and just tasty!  I tried the ginger pear and the salted caramel. My dad stands by the amazingness of the strawberry, but I haven't tried it (yet). I also have had their milk and it's lovely, fresh milk.Very friendly staff and the prices, while a little high for ice cream, are fully in line for this being an independent family-owned and operated business. I love the idea of a farm-based shop and will keep Sassy Cow on my list of must-visit places whenever I come home :)
5	The thought of supporting a local farmer with my business is something that is very important to me.  Sassy Cow makes it a no brainer and it's not even offered in my city so I drive to load up on it.  The 1% tastes like 2% and the whole milk tastes heavenly.  I would put their milk up to any other dairy at any time.  It's simply the best and its good for you.  Their cows are treated with love and no hormones which translates into great milk.  And even better ice cream.  If you have kids, I'd encourage you to bring them out to the farm for some of their events.  Its a great time to meet the cows and great employees of Sassy Cow.
5	Hey ya'll.  Guess what?  I'm totally lactose intolerant!  Guess what else?  I'll throw myself under the lactose intolerant bus any time for Sassy's Salted Carmel.  It's salty sweetness satisfies both cravings at once!  My friend says she'll fight anyone for it.  Yeah, it's that good.  Whoa.
5	Best string cheese I have ever had!
2	Sassy Cow vanilla ice cream was the best ever - UNTIL they started adding ingredients other than cream, sugar and natural flavors.  Now it has gum, carageenan and other gunk that has totally spoiled the great taste.  I switching back to another brand.
5	This is a fantastic place that has tours and fantastic dairy products.  The String Cheese is the bomb.  So creamy!  The milk, is just fantastic.  The ice cream, OH MY!  I am in love with the Pistachio.  You can get Milk Shakes, Sundaes, and even carry out some fantastic dairy and local goods.We got to pet several calves, see the adult (organic) cows, and even try several ice creams.  Check out Sassy Cow's special events too, they're always doing something, perhaps it'll be close to when you want to go?
5	Great milk & ice cream! We always purchase Sassy Cow organic milk and are very happy with it.The creamery is a fun place to visit, especially with kids.
5	When I moved to Madison there was one place that people told me about over and over (and over and over) again. A place that I was told was so Madison, so Wisconsin, I simply had to check it out. That place was none other than Sassy Cow Creamery, and a year after my arrival in Madison, it's quickly become a favorite of mine. Whether I'm shopping for ice cream quarts at the co-op or tripping to the creamery on a lazy Saturday afternoon, I just can't seem to get enough of those sassy cows!   But Corey D, you're lactose intolerant, however do you manage to consume dairy?(I'm glad you asked.) Sometimes you got to bite the bullet, and SCC is a great example of why. Their organic dairy is solid, their ice cream is rich, but not overly sweet, and the farm tour is an absolute blast! Those darn cows practically look at me and BEG me to dig dairy more than body wants to tolerate. I was alarmed to learn recently that these guys have only been around for five years, and I can't wait to see what the next five have in store. The operation is solid, you'd think they've been in business for decades! I feel pretty fortunate they're just up the road!
1	I have on three occasions purchased a half-gallon of The Sassy Cow Organic 2% milk at a local retail market here in Chicago. On each occasion, regardless of the expiration date being well in the future, and in this case August 13, the milk is sour by the time I get 1/3 way through it. I have purchase many other brands of milk both organic and non, at this market and at others. I have never had this problem. I don't intend to waste more money on this product. It is clearly not properly produced or stored. Again, never happened with other dairy's products at this store, only with Sassy Cow. And 100% of the time, I had to throw out most of it within a few days.
5	This place looks like it's out in the middle of nowhere, but it's always busy. There are typically two ice-cream brands that you'll hear recommendations for over and over: Chocolate Shoppe and Sassy Cow. The two really can't be compared, though.Sassy Cow ice-cream has a nice thick texture, closer to that of frozen custard than other ice-creams. They have a lot of wonderful flavors, and you can try before you buy. Their prices are fair, too. We got some cookie dough to go and tried their barnyard blast and blueberry pie, or blueberry-something. It was delish. Everything that they add to their ice-cream tastes very fresh. You can eat outside, and check out the well groomed calf that everyone who was there the last time I was were in awe about.
5	Moooooove over Chocolate Shoppe, there's a new ice cream sheriff in town and her name is Sassy Cow.After two recent visits to the Creamery, the Sassy Cow and I are going steady (sorry Chocolate Shoppe, your things are boxed up and sitting on the front step.)   The ice cream has an incredibly smooth, creamy texture.  There's no iciness that you get with many other brands of ice cream.  But what really won me over was the flavor.  The salted caramel was probably the best tasting ice cream I ever ate (and we're talking a large sample size here, folks).  It had an intense natural caramel flavor, with a dash of salt and a hint of bitterness.  If the perfect cup of coffee is called the God shot, then this must be the God scoop.The same level of platitudes applies to the cheesetastic Oaxaca String Cheese.  This cheese has won national awards and if you taste it, you'll immediately know why.  This string cheese has rekindled my childhood love for this product.  It boasts great mozzarella taste with the chewy texture that a good string cheese should have.  I used it in a skillet lasagna and it raised the dish to a new level.In addition to Sassy Cow ice cream and Cesar's Cheeses, the Creamery store offers a variety of other fine Wisconsin delicacies (including Hook's cheeses - yowza!).  And if you can't make it to the remote East Bristol location, you can still get your Sassy Cow fix from many local retailers, like Woodman's, Metcalfe's and Hy-Vee.  See the Sassy Cow website for a complete list of locations.I don't throw out many five star ratings, but Sassy Cow is definitely worthy.
5	So I heard about Sassy Cow from coworkers and Yelp and I knew I had to check it out, my local grocery store carries there ice cream and only marks it up a dollar, but they don't carry the milk thus why I make the trek down to Columbus.  As other reviews have stated the creamery store carries string cheese, Caesar curds, hooks cheddar, local yogurt, local honey and many more local products. They even have a wall of Sassy Cow shirts and hats, which I bought for my sister's birthday. Anyway they have a large freezer case with ice cream in the quart and half gallon and then milk, ranging from organic to traditional. My favorite ice cream choices are the maple walnut, purple cow and salted caramel. I have compared Sassy Cow's milk to others and it's my favorite, plus it's almost a dollar cheaper than milk at Wal-Mart. What would I like to see added? since they are a creamery, how about cottage cheese?The workers are always nice and upbeat, plus they have a card for milk buyers buy a dozen gallons of milk and get one free. Do yourself a favor and check out Sassy Cow.
