2	Oh, I so want to give you guys 5 stars...but I just can't. Just can't do it.!I like this Phoenix Library but it has taken some getting used to. I truly miss my Tucson Libraries. Sigh~. I like the fact that you can put books on hold online and then they e-mail you once they are available to be picked up. The part I don't like is that they only allow 3 holds per patron so if your three books have a long hold time...you just keep waiting, and waiting and waiting. One more reason I like the Phoenix Library system is because they carry Hindi Bollywood Movies. hehehe... No need for Netflix baby. The part I don't like about the Ironwood Branch is how small it is. I always have to put stuff on hold because this particular location never has it available. Now, for the minus 3 stars part. Its the freakin' librarians. Except for the lady who does our Babytime (she is super nice) the rest of the staff is bitchy. And now I put that lightly. They are super duper bitchy. The manager, Alice has never smiled ever all these years that i have been going here and is quite argumentative and bossy.  In the last year, they have had several jobs cut due to the budget and haven't replaced the people who left on maternity leave etc so they are a little overworked and probably under appreciated. Okay, whatever. What job out there doesn't fit THAT bill! Anyway...when you ask a question to one of the people near checkout...they speak to you ask if you are deaf and in a condescending way. Its almost as if they are doing YOU a favor by working there...watever.I do plan on reminding them that my tax dollars pay for their job one of these days and that there are hundreds of people out there who would gladly take their job if they don't like working there... just wait. One really bad feature about this particular branch is that they do not have any individual study rooms. Yeah...you read correctly. What dumb ass architect cam up with THAT idea? They have a large area in the middle with a bunch of tables and you study there while there are kids running around...people on the computer punching away, people coming to pick up their on hold books.
4	Pretty convenient location.  Ample parking.  Free WiFi.  Cheaper than buying books.  Culture Pass ( Free admission for two to a dozen cultural places around the valley: http://phoenix.showup.com/page/culture_pass )Every person I've run into there has been nice, cheerful, and helpful.
4	This is a great library. It's in a good location, the WIFI is free and there's a good selection of items. They recently started stocking television shows, which is awesome! They have both old and new shows on DVD and the best part is, they're free! I really love the hold system. If there's something I want at another library, I can just place a hold and within a few days, it's shipped to me and I can pick it up. The staff is pretty great at this location. Everyone i've encountered has been helpful and nice. All the librarians who do storytime are great! The shelvers manage to keep the shelves in decent order and the check out desk is quick with my holds!
4	Try not to view Ironwood as an extension of the huge Burton Barr library and look at it for what it really is--a small community library. It is a great resource for Ahwatukee. It's clean, has free wifi and plenty of popular items, and is a great place to get out of the heat during the summer for any number of people.Since they're part of the Phoenix library system, they have access to great services like the Overdrive catalog. Go online and log in with your library card to check out audiobooks and ebooks! You can check out 10 at a time. There are also plenty of great community programs like the Culture Passes mentioned in another review.The one downside is that the staff is pretty unhelpful (and sometimes unfriendly). I've had my daughter ask for a book because it was listed as being on the shelf but it wasn't in its place. I don't need a staff member to walk over to the shelf, look at the empty spot, and then shrug, saying it must be lost. I could discern that myself. Some of the ladies working behind the counter (I don't know what their function is) are downright unfriendly and sullen. Retire and let some newer blood in, if you hate your job that much.Ignore the staff and you'll be golden.
4	Nice, small community library close to work. I do a lot of reading on my tablet these days; however, still love that "book in hand" feel. * oooooohhhhhh geek out! * Free WiFi, great selection of books, CDs, DVDs. You can also use your online account to request items that may be available at let's say, Burton Barr, and pick them up right at Ironwood! Why knock off one star? While the parking might be plentiful, the engineer who designed the parking lot deserves three kicks in the balls for this design. MINIMUM OF THREE! I know stupidity is inevitable on the road, but come on, lady, check your mirrors before backing up full throttle. It's already an awkwardly designed parking lot as is. Check out Ironwood Library if you live in Ahwatukee or find yourself in the neighborhood!
4	I must say I really enjoyed this little gem of a library. I just recently moved back to Phoenix (Ahwatukee) after 4 years of hanging tight on the far east side of town (Gilbert/Chandler area). This is a very clean library with ample seating and various degrees of lighting depending on what area you are in. I'm one of those nerds that still enjoy reading a good hardback book. I noticed they also had a decent amount of public computers available if you need a place to get some work done. The staff was really friendly and the lady at the desk quickly helped me to update my information in the system.  They don't have a large selection at this library but it is in-network with all the other Phoenix libraries so you can reserve a book from another library or have a book sent here for pick-up. Another cool thing about this place is they have meeting space you can rent out for less than $10 an hour! Go check out your public libraries, heck your tax dollars are funding them so you might as well use them.
4	This is a nice small library. I live in Chandler and this is the closest Phoenix branch to me. I reserve my books online, they notify me via email when they are ready to be picked up, and I go pick them up. Easy and convenient. I like that because it increases the selection of books I can get since you can request any book within the entire Phoenix library system.
5	I love this quaint little library. The children and baby story times are fun and well done! The children's section has an amazing assortment of books and a cute play area that has some innovative activities for little ones to do while their parents gather books nearby. There isn't much to complain about here! I love coming.
4	I love my library. I can put books, Cds, DVDs on hold via my account at home, and I get email notifications for holds ready, items due, etc... I am studying Spanish online through their education resources. It's a super neighborhood library. I only gave it 3 stars because. Staff was so great BUT the nice, helpful staff is gone and mostly only the grumpy people are left; I always look to see if any nice staff are available at the desk before I ask for help. One of them is just mean. I like the rearrangements done recently to the layout it changed traffic flow inside.  The parking lot is cramped so drive slow and be careful!
