3	Listen, its an automatic touch-free car wash...lets not act like its supposed to be a handful of hot dudes washin' 'n waxin' your buggy!  ;)That having been said, I was actually impressed with the quality of the wash that I received from this joint!I paid $11 for the "Royal Treatment" and my car came out very clean (and I had some horrrrrrrible caked on nasty portion of winter salt and road grime on there!!).No, the blowers did not dry my car all of the way, nor was I expecting them to.It was good enough for not feeling like doing it yourself.  In fact, it was the BEST automatic wash my car has ever seen (with the exception of Mr. Magic in Castle Shannon).PROS:  Convenient location;Not very expensive  (cheapest wash is $8, most expensive is $11);Did a great job for what it was2 Touch-Free bays, 1 other bay (but not sure what it was doing, might have been a touch wash).CONS:If it's a nice day out, you're going to be in line for a while;Nobody is on site if something is needed (ie. the machines ate your money or something).
4	I'm a big fan of in-and-out car washes. I don't like wasting time, and nothing is faster than All Washed Up. Fully automated, just pull in, a quick wash, and out you go. They provide facilities for interior cleaning via coin op vacuums and shampooers, which can be helpful in the event of an unexpected mess.
4	As I was walking to my car one morning after work I heard a murder of crows cawing and I just knew at that second what I was about to encounter...my car, once blue was now white...I was shit bombed! There was so much bird poop that it smelled like the bat cave at the zoo. To make matters worse, it was cold so the dung was already hard.I remembered this place from all my visits to Big Lots, so I headed over. I was in line for bay #1 when the attendant came over and said "Oh, dear! You want to head over to #3"The difference is that the first and second bay are high pressure washes only and the third has brushes that go around and above. I was warned that it wasn't going to get 100% of the nastiness off my vehicle, but I didn't expect it to because there was so much. I got the Royal Treatment which is now $12 but still worth every penny.I regret not taking before and after pictures so you could see the difference.
