5	Five Guys has the best fast food burgers around.  They are well-done yet still very moist and you can add as many toppings as you want free of charge.  With all of the toppings they have you can basically get a different burger every visit.  The also have fresh cut French fries from Idaho potatoes.  You can get them regular or Cajun style with spices on them.  If you enjoy fries and like food that has a kick make sure to try the Cajun style.  Overall, Five Guys has all of the burger options you could ever want.  I recommend it to anyone who likes traditional fast food!
5	They have the best burgers I have every had. They are a chain out of the Washington D.C. area. This is the second Five Guy's in the Pittsburgh area. It is in the Waterworks Shopping Center. They offer burgers, hot dogs and fries. You can choose from either a hamburger, cheeseburger, bacon burger or a bacon cheeseburger in two sizes a "little burger" a single patty burger or two patty burger. All toppings are free including: mayo, relish, onions, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, mustard, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, A-1 Sauce, bar-b-q sauce and hot sauce. I always get a bacon cheeseburger with mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, green peppers and bar-b-q sauce! YUM They also offer kosher style hot dogs, cheese or bacon dogs, bacon cheese dogs, veggie dogs and grilled cheese. Fries are available in two styles, regular and cajun and are cooked in peanut oil. Be sure to grab some peanuts while you wait for your food
2	Food is only so so. Too greasy and makes the buns soggy.
5	I resisted this place for a ling time thinking the hype was just an excuse to charge more for a fast food burger and fries.  Out of necessity, I tried it today.  Boy was I wrong!  The food was amazing.  It was piping hot, and more fries than even I could eat.  The service was faster than most "fast food" places.  What really struck me was the attitude of the workers.  Instead of getting the feeling that I was an annoyance, they all seemed like they couldn't wait for me to try their food.  I could not have been more satisfied.
5	I first tried 5 guys in Virginia..omg, fell in love.  I was sooo happy to find a 5 guys in Pittsburgh ...I love these burgers (with everything please) and I'm sorry , move over Mickey Dees, Wendy's, Burger King....you can not compete , 5 guys has my heart!!!
1	The food is good, however last year I bit into a small piece of bone in my hamburger, chipped a tooth and needed a root canal. I thought it was just a fluke. Today, I had dinner there and again bit into two small pieces of bone. I can't eat here anymore.
4	Burgers and fries that's all it takes to make me happy. I have to say that Five Guys fries are hands down the best, cleanest tasting fries you can get. Unlimited toppings are a big plus too. They never get my medium burger cooked right but its still delish. So grab a burger and eat the fries while they are hot, don't forget to top off your bag with peanuts.
