2	Went here for a late lunch on Thursday, the day after this resto opened on Drummond downtown. The music was blaring, I couldn't hear any conversation. Both myself and my hubby ordered the Madisons Club. Very small. I ordered the steamed veggies as my side and my hubby ordered fries. They put a seasoning on the fries that is tasty. They sprinkled Parmesan cheese on my veggies which was nice, but overall it wasn't good OR bad. The music was really too loud though and we were not in the bar area.
4	So I went there on Friday for lunch with my colleagues, a few days after they opened. We stayed there a long time: it was a full house. We had to wait 30-40mn for our food. The waiters were very friendly and they always make sure we were good.The food was great: I had the 10oz ribs with fries. This dish tastes the same at all the Madisons I know.
4	I went there with my bf for Valentine's day, luckily we had reservations because this place is a hot spot! That night happened to be extra busy because there was a Bon Jovi concert right next door at the Bell Center.We arrived before our set time for the reservation and were seated pretty quickly. Service was a bit slow considering how packed the place was although it is to be expected.We ordered cocktails, which were nice and strong, tempura shrimps were deliciously tasty, ribs and filet mignon equally pleasing. Portions are generous, especially if you get fries. My bf was surprised to see he was given an additional 6 ribs to his plate as a bonus.The only drawback is that they offer an events menu so I'm not sure how extensive the selection of food is or how the prices compare to the regular menu.They also do not serve any bread basket, which is something that sets other steakhouses apart.Around 8 pm the crowd died down once everyone left to the concert and it became a much nicer ambiance. Madison's is a pretty big restaurant that's shaped like a huge rectangle without many partitions so it's normally loud...Once we were done eating, it seemed like we had been forgotten. No one had asked if we wanted dessert and when we wanted to leave, we had to chase another waitress down to get our bill.Madison's is worth another try, because bottom line, the food is good, prices standard. I do want to go back for their 2 for 22$ special from Sunday-Thursday. We'll just have to figure out which day won't be an "event" to benefit from that deal, which may be kind of hard as there's always something going on at the Bell Center...
4	On a recent trip to Montreal, after eating mostly asian for four days, my gf and I were both craving steak for our final dinner in the city. Having scoped out most of the steak joints in the downtown area, we decided on Madison's, mostly based on the menu. It definitely seemed like the type of steakhouse I know and love. Was not disappointed at all, in fact, pleasantly surprised. Based on reviews, I was somewhat put off by the mention of "good for groups" and "good for kids" but all was well in this regard. We arrived early on a sunday evening to a less than half full restaurant and were seated at a nice booth by a window. Our waiter was excellent, polite and attentive. Nice menu with plenty of selections in all categories, including a reasonably priced wine list. My sirloin steak was done to a perfect med-well, crab cake appetizer was very good also. Enjoyed the meal so much, stayed for dessert and coffee.My only gripe would be the clam chowder, which was thoroughly tasteless. All in all it would be a place to which I would definitely return on future trips to Montreal.
3	This Madison restaurant is located right in front of the Bell Center, which is a good spot for them. On hockey game nights this place is packed with hockey fans. Like the others fans we were there just before the our special evening! We were lucky, we didn't wait a single minute  when we arrived. We got a table right away. Ok I have to be honest we were there quite early, 2.5 hours, before the game. If you intend to go there like us on a hockey game night or before any special event at the Bell Center, please be there early otherwise you will wait quite a while before been seated.The ambiance inside was quite good. The decoration was simple but elegant. Food wise the menu was ok. Nothing really fancy except maybe the menu description ;-) They offer various salads, pasta, burgers, chicken, beef, and fish dishes. Price wise it's a bit too pricey for the quality of the meals. Don't get me wrong our meals were good but nothing fancy. I guess the prices are due to the proximity of the Bell Center. It's probably like Christmas for this restaurant every time there is an event accross the street. Worth to mentioned, the wine we had was excellent. I took a red wine called Caldora Ortonese and my father took a red wine called Mondavi. The service was very fast, the waiter was ok but he seemed a bit bored. At the end of our meal we could feel that they were looking forward to see us leave in order to give our table to somebody else. On one hand I understand them but on the other hand, I ate been pushed to leave especialy if I'm still eating or drinking a coffee.
3	Everything was just Average about this place. I dont know was it because the mood I walked in with or because I just went with the attention of having a good steak or what. Anyways, Madison is conveniently located right on rene levesque and drummond. Its beside the Bell centre so we all can find it easily. I particularly loved the lobster. It was juicy and tender. Service was very courteous and I appreciated the cozy vibe of the restaurant. Overall I believe this is a good place for friends to catch up as its in a spot on location!
4	I was in town on business but it was so cold it was something able to walk a block exposed to the elements to get food. So I chose this place it's proximity to my hotel.  Because it is located next to the Bell center everything is overpriced. I found the food to be pretty good despite the prices. Everyone serving food in the restaurant was extremely nice and very pleasant despite the subfreezing temperatures outside.
3	The food was great but service needs improvements ... we got there and none of the tables had the 2 for 22 special on them, we asked the server if the special was valid he said yes (I guess there is more money in it for them if they don't mention the special).  Then we wanted to substitute the fries for the spinach dip, ok but he didn't bring us nachos with it. we usually go to another madisson but I guess being downtown gives them the right to be snooty.
