5	The best thing about this radio station: Chet Buchanan and the Morning Zoo.I have never been a fan of morning shows. Even back in CA, when I was driving through rush hour traffic in the morning, I was constantly annoyed that the talk shows in the morning barely played any music...I'd be flipping through stations the entire commute, or digging up an old CD to listen to.But Chet and his crew completely changed my perception on morning shows, and I discovered they could be enjoyable.The wit, humor, and entertainment on this show cannot be compared to anything else. At least three times during the morning, you will get to hear Carlos Diaz's Extra Entertainment Report, where he will indeed give you the most updated celeb gossip...with commentary of course from the peanut gallery (i.e. Chet, Spence, and Lauren). I find the background comments most amusing, because you have to listen hard to pick up on the humor, but once you do, you are cracking up in the shower or in the car on the way to work. There is also Gary Spivey, the psychic, who appears on the show once a week, and takes calls from the viewers. Then there's Group Therapy, where they will answer a relationship question of the week. The crew also has random contests and questions they'll throw out at the listeners, asking them to call in. The morning phone scams are hilarious as well.I'm not going to lie, I'm so obsessed with this show, I friended the radio station and Chet Buchanan on myspace! Maybe one day I'll get to meet them. :)
1	Ever since they changed format this station has been downhill...its also annoying they play out the same song  in the same hour....Maybe its me, I find some of the dj's voices annoying as hell....and a station that plays the jonas brothers? this world is goin to hell....
5	Kluc 98.5 is one of the best radio stations that I listen to. They play music of all sorts such as ol school to the newest ones. They connect very well with the community. They give back to the people. They participate in just about everything. Because of them, we the people get to meet the celebrities, give back to the less fortunate, and meeting new people. Thanks guys.
4	KLUC is one of the few radio stations that hasn't changed format since I arrived in Vegas in '93. They play a variety of old school and new music and have a goofy morning show, The Morning Zoo.  Despite being only 300 miles or so away from Los Angeles, our radio stations aren't even close....KLUC is one of the closest to those type of big city stations.  This is one of the most popular radio stations in Vegas, but I don't listen to it much anymore except when I'm surfing channels from time to time.
