4	I love this park. It isn't big like Exploration Park in Mountain's Edge but it has a nice walking trail where I like to take my baby and my dog for a leisurely stroll. It is right next to a Boys and Girls Club.There is a big grassy area where families play catch and have picnics. There is a small playground and basketball courts. The only have a few picnic tables so it's not the ideal place to go for parties and barbecues unless you reserve the tables early.The walking trail is tree-lined and clean. Most people pick up after their dogs, thank goodness. The only thing I don't like is that there is only one place where you can get plastic bags for doggie waste on the entire trail.Every time I walk here, everyone I encounter is very friendly. We always feel safe in this park.
3	This review of Goett Family Park concludes my trilogy of the Southern Highlands parks that I visited on July 13.   Goett Family Park is a 3.78 acre park off of Southern Higlands Parkway. Its amenities include a playground,  picnic area, open grass area, gazebo, baseball and softball, the Jaynes Family Splash Pad, and a trailhead for the Paseo Walking Path.   When I review small parks I am finical. I look at aspects that include the grass, adjacent neighborhood,  and condition of the park. And right off the bat I am docking a star for the visible patches of dead grass plus graffiti on the rules & regulations sign. This is not the ethereal green carpet that I remember napping on back in 2008. For crying out loud when I go on Google Maps and zoom in here, the patches of dead grass stare me in the face. The caretakers of the park need to seriously invest in a better sprinkler system or go the way of xeroscaping.   It turns out that the caretakers of the park has invested in a different kind of water infastructure. It is the Jayne's Family Water/ Splash Park adjacent to the north border of the original park. In contrast to the mood that the dead grass could put people in, the water park is an upbeat place for kids of all ages to cool off. I do believe with a conviction that some of the overflowing water could be channeled to the grassy field.  I give Goett Family Park high marks for its connectivity. It is in a nice neighborhood.  It is contiguous to the Paseo Walking Path, which is a 0.77 recreational paved trail winding through an attractive landscape. It was the Paseo Walking Trail that brought me to Goett Family Park. Looking north there is a nice vista of an undeveloped hill. For the likes of me I am unsuccesful finding out the name of it, and that is if it has one. If you have seen nearby Exploration Park in Mountain's Edge, it looks similar. If there was a trail from Goett Family Park to the hill, I would bring it back up a star.  I am a fan of the outdoors-even in the triple digit temperature of summer. Chances are that when I visit Southern Highlands with time to kill, there is a possibility that I will relax for a few minutes in Goett Family Park before hiking on The Paseo Walking Path.***The 2013 Yelp Challenge. Review 104.***
4	Such a fun place in Southern Highlands to take the kids and have fun for FREE in Las Vegas. The grounds are clean. There are plenty of features and loads of laughs on the Splash Pad. All of the equipment is new and clean. Smiles all around when the bucket dumps and the umbrella tree activates.Great place to play even when the temperature soars!.
4	This place is a fun place to go if your looking for a place to play basketball, run, or do something on the field. I often go here with my fiends it's a great place to go for fun.
3	It was my friend's idea to come here and I'm not familiar with this area so, why not? We went here at night and we were the only ones running around except for the cop and security guys. I'm not sure why there was police tape everywhere so, I jumped over them. They have a health trail that's only half a mile long...super short! Along the trail are pull up bars, balance beam, a bench where you can do leg lifts/ crunches and poles where you can do balancing and lunges. It was pretty quiet when we went except for when some teenage bikers were being loud and obnoxious.I wanted to shoot some hoops but when we ran back towards the car, the security guy was blocking my car taking my plate number. WTH?
5	Awesome park! They have a fantastic splash pad/playground for kids in the summer time and it is conveniently located near the Boys & Girls Club. They also have volleyball for the adults, as well as basketball, and extensive jogging trails.
5	Nice community park in Southern Highlands. Has a splash park, basket ball court, play ground, large field, picnic area and bathrooms. The splash park is my favorite feature. Very large and good variety of features for wide range of kids. The giant water bucket dump is always a big hit with the kids. All the water drains along the edge which works great for the little ones who just learned to walk. Only warning the half wall that you can sit on gets slick so be careful letting kids stand on it. Basket ball courts are clean and nets are typically in good shape (which is really what I judge a court by). Six total hoops on one full sized court. Typically court rules apply. Play ground is suited more for the younger children and has good shade. If yours is adventurous, recommend other playgrounds in the area. The large open field cycles in and out of shape with volume of use. It is a nice large field, I'd say soccer field size. It's level and good for football, soccer, frisbee, catch or any other field sport. Picnic area is small, but shaded. Bathrooms get a lot of traffic and aren't the cleanest. But are always in work in order. Overall this is my favorite summer time park and my favorite splash park in Las Vegas.
4	Southern highlands is a great community to live in. They have many free events at this park. Our family favorite is movies in the park. It's open with lots if room. The condition of the grass is great, especially for Vegas. The only negative is parking is very limited.
4	One of the better parks in Southern Highlands. The splash pad is great during the summer months and our family also enjoys the festivals and activities that the park host. Very nice park and happy to have it close to home.
