3	OK, so I moved to the neighborhood recently and finally found the time/energy/will power to go to the gym.  I used to frequent the 48th St/Chandler Blvd location and am now wishing I still could.  A couple points:1. There is no towel service.  What gym doesn't have towel service?  I had to drive back home to get one so the person behind me didn't have to bathe in my grossness.3. They close at 10pm.  This is way too early.  11pm I could understand, but a gym should really be open until midnight.  Not only that, but when the lights suddenly went out in the middle of our basketball game, we kept playing because nobody came to tell us to leave.  I only found out the hours after I checked the website at home.  Weird!Other than that, it's a gym.  You lift heavy things and run in place.  You wait for a machine.  You feel good about yourself when you go, but you don't go that often.  Fortunately, you don't have a contract.
3	It has all the basics.  they have on site trainers too (extra cost)Closes at 10pm, which is too early for me.  The LA Fitness in Town and Country closes at midnight, wish that was the case at this location.  By the way,  I am reviewing the one on Tatum/Cholla.For the amount of money members pay each month plus all the ones who pay and don't even use the facility-- you would think they would get the machines serviced or something.  The main cardio floor is upstairs and the same 2 machines have been broken all week (no out of order signs on them either, soo annoying).  There are all sorts of squeaks and rumbles coming out of the machine (thank goodness not out of the man next to me), clearly the machines need to be serviced.this bothers me.  and I never think they are clean enough.  I try not to touch anything.
3	LA Fitness is just around the corner from my parents house.  My Mom and I went in to get me a 2 week temporary membership and my Mom a full time one.  The sales staff was not too pushy and pretty friendly and accessible (the desk staff was a bit superficial).  My two week was 40 dollars and my Mom paid 100 dollar startup fee and will pay 25 dollars monthly.  She had to pay first and last month dues up front but on the flip side there is no contract and she can leave at any time.  I find this a big perk!  Another perk is that you can use any of their gyms. She also got a free training session with her membership and ended up signing up for a few more at 25 dollars for a 30 minute session.  The gym is decently set up with your usual stuff plus a pool, hot tub, basketball court, raquetball court and sauna.  I found the classes to be a little limited in number and crowded.  The gym in general seems to be  busy but I haven't seen it jam packed. And some decent eye candy floating around.The cardio equiptment seems to be a bit outdated and not in the best of shape.  A few machines were down and many were missing heart rate sensors.  The handle bars off many easily slid off.   The upstairs area is a bit hot and could use some better ventilation.  Also, there was nothing  to wipe down the machines after use.  A bit unsanitary if you ask me.I still think it is a good value for the money and would join if I lived here.
3	The gym has all of the basic workout equipment that you need.  Most of the equipment is relatively new, but not cutting edge.  I have been a member for over a year now and have an overall luke warm opinion of it.The sales staff is not in your face to get you to sign on.  The equipment and weights on the first floor are normally in service and provide a great work out.  The second floor mainly has cardio.  Typically a few of the bikes are out of order.  They do not post signs, you have to adjust the bicycle seat get on and figure it out for yourself!  Furthermore, the bikes will always show that you have riden for 3.60 miles for every ten minutes regardless of the amount of tork used or calories burned.  I am an avid cyclist and cannot determine the true mileage of my work out.  It is frustrating.The gym is relatively clean.  The heating/cooling unit tends to act up every few months.  Last winter it was about 90 downstairs and I was so warm that my sweat got into my Ipod Nano and destroyed it!  It took another month to service the heater.  By that time, it was over 80 degrees outside.  I am still PO'd about the Ipod!Overall good, not great.
4	This particular LA Fitness manages to be well patronized pretty much around the clock while never being packed.  It results in an upbeat, lively atmosphere filled with pick up games of basketball and a strong class schedule.I attend some of the pilates classes and have also gone to some of the total body workout classes - all of the instructors have been great.LA Fitness is not a "luxury" gym, but it has pretty much everything you'd want at a reasonable price.  Paris, the general manager, really cares about the operation, and it shows.  He knows all of the members, and you'll frequently find him mingling and trying to make the gym better.
1	I became a member of LA Fitness in the beginning of October. The original sign-up was very pleasant, and I was offered the 'free' personal training session for the following day. Although I declined this, the club insisted I enjoy my free session, so I agreed. I was trained the following day, by two trainers who were overly friendly during the session. After we finished the training, I thanked them so I could carry on with my own workout. They instead brought me into their 'office' area for a hard sale. The two trainers began their very rude and hard sales tactics to get me to sign up for personal training. I thanked them, and said that I actually have a good friend who trains me, and I had originally declined their free training for that reason. The main trainer continued to attempt to hard sell me, badgering me and using my insecurities on why I joined the gym, against me. The trainer even 'pretended' to get his manager on the phone and offer me a very 'special' discount, where the trainer fees are removed, and I only pay the base price. Again, I thanked them for their time, and again said I would have to think over the personal training offer. The trainer would not let off, and finally I simply had to walk out of the gym and remove myself from this situation. Due to their tactics, I did not sign up for any personal training sessions, not wanting to pay the gym for, and subject myself to, an hour of this behavior. The next few times I went to the gym, these trainers were generally rude, and I continually saw them watching my workout and seemingly 'judging' it negatively.This is not the end. I had originally signed up for 2 month membership, as I was moving out of the area the beginning of December. The two month membership was prepaid by me the day I signed-up, via debit card. At the end of November, I started seeing charges to my account for monthly memberships and personal training sessions. This was also a problem since I had recently removed all funds from the account, to place in another checking account. I had all but closed this account, and therefore also received 'insufficient funds' fees from my bank. I had to call the gym and speak with the account manager twice before she fixed anything; this was with my pushing her along. She did not sound at all surprised that they had 'accidentally' charged my account; as if this is common practice. I then had to follow-up with her that they had removed the monthly charges, and taken my card off file (which should never have been in their files). I then had to follow-up with my bank twice to credit my account the overdraft fees. I have been told by others, including friends, professionals, and my personal banker, that they have heard this and the banker has closed more accounts for customers due to this unsatisfactory gym practice, than for any other reason. I felt that I had a duty to find an appropriate course of action to make the gym accountable for their gross sales and accounting actions, negligent or intentional!Don't patronize establishments who buid a business this way! There are too many good gyms out there.
3	This is my first January at LA Fitness, and it sucks.  Dozens and dozens of people have come out of the woodwork to make good on their New Years resolutions, and the gym is way too crowded after work.  Top that with SIX "out-of-order" treadmills, and it's a very bad situation.I understand that January is a busy gym time, but to not fix your equipment during your peak season is unacceptable.  Some treadmills have been broken for over a month, and each time I return another one seems to have bitten the dust.  There must be better gyms in the area, and if this situation doesn't improve soon, I will be out looking for them...
1	I went for a interview La Fitness in Paradise Valley about two weeks ago, never thought for a moment that I would be discriminated for being out of shape The Head Sales Rep. said" How can you sell health if I'm not in shape, . He then compared myself to one of his Gorilla's sales people -saying this is what you should look like. In my mind, "I'm Like I want to be healthy, not look like I shoot up. No roids, my brotha. Natural. I do exec-rise. at 24hrs B!!!! I should have known as soon as I walked into the door that I didn't get the job by the way he look at me and he also didn't shake my hand. My client described this person as a cool and level headed man, he was very mistaken. Next this Douche bag, tried to sell me a membership, I'm like really dude "Why the hell would I want a membership from a place that discriminates against people that ain't in shape. That's why people join the gym to be healthy-both inside and out, I told him no thanks I will stay at 24hr Fitness. After reading some of these reviews I made a wise chance.
3	Don't know what's up with the bad reviews, I've had a perfectly decent experience here.  Good classes, kind instructors, some nice trainers and lots of good equipment.  Certainly beats the options I've had the past few years.
2	I joined this club for about 2 weeks and then switched back to my old club even though this one was about 2 miles from my house.  For the price there are nicer clubs.  The facility is old.  The cardio equipment is old.  There is no towel service.  There are no shower curtains on the shower stalls.  It is over-crowded with a lot of people who seem to be more interested in conversation than fitness.  The staff is isn't terrible but isn't friendly either.  Plenty of weight equipment and the locker area is large with plenty of decent sized lockers.  Overall this is a very average club in line with the old Ballys clubs.  Nothing special or unique.  For the money there are far better clubs with newer equipment, less crowding, more perks, and a lot less silicone and dynabol.
3	While its crowded I think that is due to the fact the the Bell Road location is under construction. I transitioned over to LA Fitness when they bought out Pure Fitness and shut down the location I was using. I like the LA Fitness culture better.
2	Unfortunately, this location has to be the most poorly maintained location I have visited in the Valley and is in stark contrast to many of the newer and newly remodeled locations (go see the heavenly location on Mill&Southern!)  I've been going to this location for 1.5 years and see that the only updates that have been made to this location have been a couple of large flat panel TVs that provide LA Fitness marketing information.  The carpet, paint, bathrooms, locker rooms and equipment are in desperate need of repair and/or replacement.  I've noticed that the basketball court has not had direct A/C for over a month now (an industrial fan has been set up by the doors to take cool air from the main area and blow it into the basketball court.)  On multiple occasions, the wastebaskets have been overflowing with trash and the soap dispensers in the showers are empty.  I'm inclined to give this location just one star, but their old equipment does work and the staff is friendly.  I do only go there because it's across from my work and I feel it's unfortunate that management hasn't taken more pride in this location.  It's in a great part of town and the exterior makes you think of other nicer locations.  I don't know why this location has been neglected, but I hope things change soon.**Tip**Skip this location unless it is uber convenient!
2	If this gym wasn't right across the street from me I would be going elsewhere. As other reviewers have said the equipment is very old and usually many treadmills or ellipticals are broken at any one time. This gym is very busy  and when you go during peak hours, be prepared to wait for cardio machines, but when you go during off peak hours there are plenty to choose from. Also, the upstairs cardio section is always so hot, ugh.I've been to other LA Fitness locations and this one definitely needs a remodel and I wish it was open later. They do have a kids club, but I think the hours are pretty slim and they do have smoothie bar, but to be honest, I've never seen anyone at it.
1	This location badly needs new equipment and a complete remodel. If you go to any other LA Fitness in the valley you will know what I mean. For the location (near Paradise Valley) you would expect more. Equipment is constantly broken, and staff are beyond rude. Most of the front desk people are on their cell phones or talking to their friends who hang out in the front. I once stood with my key tag to get scanned at the front desk and it was as if I was bothering the front desk staff to scan me in. They seem to get new staff every other week. I have been a member of this location for 3 years and is steadily getting worse.Pick another place until they get new management and equipment. And by the way they are supposed to be re-painting the inside as of Dec 2011, but how about taking it a step further and getting new equipment that was not made in 1980? You can put lipstick on a pig but....
2	I've been to this location for 2 years due to the proximity of it to me.  Trust me, if there was another gym nearby I would be there.The equipment hasn't changed in two years.  I often see 'Out of Service' on many of the items.  Upstairs the cardio area definitely could use some extra ellipticals.  Amazingly they have not added any in 2 years!!  As one reviewer said at night there is usually a wait for them.  The worst though?  The service.  In two years I've been greeted about half the time.  This is a management issue.  I know it's reaaaaallly difficult to show your front staff how to say 'hello', but there are plenty of classes that can help you.BTW, if you're a prospect, make sure to take a tour of the cardio area during times you'll be there so you get an idea if machines will be available.  All in all, the gym is old and most times they just don't care.
3	It was remodeled in the beginning of 2012. I wish they could clean it too at that time and did it more often since... I know it is not their fault.. (I am bit sarcastic here) ... people are simply pigs and leave trash and don't clean after themselves, but why others have to look at that? The bath is sometimes a health hazard..I rarely see broken equipment, but other locations have newer stuff.The worst time to go there is after work, but the best : morning, noon, after 8 pm. Overall i just decided to focus on the positives about the place, remembering,  that you get what you pay for, (25/month)  since I will not pay  $100/ mo for lifetime fitness neither will I drive there.
2	The place received somewhat of an update the beginning of 2012 - new paint and graphics on the walls is all it got though.  It's too bad that they didn't take the money and buy new equipment.  I've been going to gyms for 12 years and for the location, I thought this one would have much nicer equipment.  I don't need the best  but the stuff they have here is very old and always seems to have several machines broken.  It takes quite awhile to get someone to fix them too. Almost looks like this location got all the old hand-me-downs from the Pure Fitness places that they took over.  Would recommend to check out other locations.
2	I have been a member of the LA Fitness clubs since 2000. I have had great experiences with the ones in the past. Unfortunately, this particular club is very out dated and needs new equipment ASAP.  If I have time I drive an extra twenty minutes to workout at the Mc Cormick Ranch one and if I have even more time I visit my favorite one which is located just passed old town Scottsdale.  Also they have no juice bar, but they do have vending machines. However, the staff is nice at this location.
3	Good facilities at Paradise Valley Mall.Be sure you are aware of the contract.  They say only one way to cancel; US mail.  You cannot call, email or even show up in person to cancel.
1	I joined a few weeks ago. Told the guy who signed me up I'd be playing racquetball and using the treadmill mainly. Sets me up. I pay fora year in advance. I call today and try to reserve a racquetball court. I'm told that I don't have the "amenity" of reserving a racquetball court on my membership. I can play all I want, but I can not reserve a court. Are you fucking kidding me? Who is the god damn brain surgeon who came up with this policy? Oh and how much is the racquetball court reserving amenity? Glad you asked. 180 fucking dollars annually! The whole year membership was about $450, which allows me to play racquetball. But, I have to pay $180 to "reserve" a court? What a joke
1	This gym needs a remodel!!!!! It is so outdated for the area and clients that consistently come here. If they even read these do something with this place!!! There are way better places popping up now and I more and more likely will be changing soon, this isnt worth $30 a month
1	I have been a member for several years.  I don't understand why they can't invest in new equipment.  I went to the Moon Valley location today, and it was 10 times better. Moon Valley has all new equipment and each machine has its own tv monitor.  Paradise Valley is close to my house but I don't think I will be going to that one anymore.
1	Seriously people, stop going to LA Fitness! It is a business that is fading fast. They bought up tons of gyms, built tons of new ones and became the wal-mart of gyms. Their contracts are a rip-off, their trainers are the absolute bottom of the barrel and their clubs are dirty and crowded.
2	After being a member of this gym for over ten years I just got fed up with the dirt, overflowing trashcans, filthy bathrooms, old, broken equipment, opening staff that show up late on weekends and a management staff that really doesn't care one bit about the members so I joined another gym.  Thus far I am very happy and glad to be done with LA Fitness.  I was very apprehensive about cancelling my membership after reading so many horror stories, but it went without a hitch.  The membership was cancelled immediately and they honored the last month that I had paid for when I signed up.
2	So, this place isnt any better since my original review 14 months ago. The machines are still outdated and 'out of service' frequently. They put new carpet down and slapped another coat of paint on the walls. There is also a different juice bar owner and less elliptical machines now, lamesauce! I wish the management would update the things that really matter aka machines. But hey, this location is in PV/Scottsdale area, making cosmetic changes instead of working on the inside, is the norm.It's really not worth the $25/month, but again, it's across the street and I've been putting up with the crappy conditions for so long that I don't know any better.
2	I typically go to the McCormick Ranch or Scottsdale Road locations in Scottsdale, but  on occasion go to this location as it's close to my work.  The weight area seemed decent, but I was particularly struck by how outdated and dark the pool appeared - as compared to the other locations.  The pool plaster itself seemed dirty, rusty poles and dirty concrete around the pool, paint chipping off the ceiling... I just didn't get a clean, sanitary, slick feeling at all.  The guys locker room, particularly the showers, seemed very dingy and the lockers were quite small.  Considering this is Paradise Valley I was unpleasantly surprised.
2	I moved and this is the closest LA Fitness to my new home (feel free to congratulate me on my home purchase :)) The equipment at this LA Fitness has been the same for nearly a decade, i know cause i was forced to go about that long ago and in short that sucks.  They have nice locker rooms though and a pool if your into that (honestly i think its kinda gross, esp seeing naked fat men in the locker room and knowing they swim in that pool/use the spa).  Considering the location its shocking this club is so terrible, if the upgrade their machines I would have limited complaints but they are so limited, old and/or working improperly I cant do it.  Either I have to go way out of the way to another "ok/better" LA Fitness or join that minimalist gym youfit off Tatum and greenway it starts at $10 dollars a month and all the equipment is new but from what I hear limited to some degree ill update on that later either way please skip this gym, its terrible.
2	In the above review I said " limited" way too much #observation
3	Well it's an LA Fitness, not unlike every other one I've been to in the Valley. Equipment is average condition, they have a pool/spa/steam room and BBall court. A few other reviewers were saying the equipment is 20 years old. This is an exaggeration. As for the not being able to cancel your membership over the phone or at the location, welcome to gym membership. It's pretty normal. I know it sucks, but it's not only LA Fitness that does this.  The one thing I'd like them to improve on is the locker room. Doesn't seem quite as clean as it could be, but not totally disgusting either. Other than that, pretty standard. Get it, get your workout in, and get out.
1	The cardio equipment is in a constant state of disrepair.  It is not uncommon to see at least 6 "Out of Order" signs on just the cardio equipment.  Even when I actually manage to get on a machine that's not out of order I usually come to find out that it is near breaking too.  Wobbly steps on the elipticals, peeling treadmill belts, squeaky bikes, and the list goes on.  They are desperately in need of making some investments in their equipment.
1	If you are like me and have limited time to exercise, but love group classes, then a gym is probably where you'll have to go. LA Fit is a pretty standard gym, they have their machines, free weights, classes, and pushy salesmen. Most other reviews have covered nearly everything I could say so I'll just focus on what caused me to even join LA Fit: The exercises classes.I love classes, I just do better in them and really push myself with them. Due to having taken years of classes at various kinds of places as well as having been certified as an instructor myself some time ago, I have some knowledge of what's a good teacher or not. LA Fit... doesn't have many good ones. They have teachers that have interesting and fun classes, but do horrible movements that will injure their students. They also have boring teachers that don't explain what they're doing and also perform movements that can cause injury (especially when they don't explain what is supposed to be done). Then, finally, they have a couple of above-average teachers that were in the middle, interesting and pretty good at avoiding bad movements.Anyway, if you're like me and 99% of the reason you joined was because of all the classes, then I'd say join a studio or go elsewhere.The other branches I've gone to aren't much better (the one amazing instructor I encountered had classes that were so full that you could barely move without bumping into someone). A studio is a better bet as they tend to have higher-quality instructors as well as a lower turnover rate (LA Fit doesn't treat their teachers well either, from what I understand).
2	My first impression of this location is that it is most likely going to be my only impression of this location.  I don't hold very high expectations for an LA Fitness.  At $25 a month, I'm getting what I pay for.  But at this location, I'm getting ripped off.  My high school (which I graduated from back in 1998) had a better weight room.  This gym is tiny, the location is inconvenient, and the equipment is minimal and old.The place was not crowded at 3:30 in the afternoon on a Tuesday, but it's so claustrophobic inside that it might as well have been.  There is no room.  What's even more impressive to me about there being no room is there are very few machines.  So how does LA Fitness make it feel like they're utilizing the space?  By spacing the machines farther apart than most gyms would.  Sure, it's nice that you're not on top of the person working out next to you.  But, it would be nice if they would add a second or third option of popular machines and benches.  Get used to the disappointed looks you get when you sit at a machine and someone that doesn't want to work in you sees you take it before they can.  I can't even count how many times I gave and received that look in the hour I was working out. The free weight section is overcrowded, but that's because it is ridiculously small.  It's almost as if this is the only gym in the world that thinks people don't use dumbbells.  Not only are there not enough dumbbells or benches, but many of the dumbbells and preset curl bars were missing labels.  I had to guess if I was grabbing the right weight based on the sizes of the ones that still had their labels. This location is also missing a spin room.  The bikes are in the same room that is used for Yoga, kickboxing, and everything else.  That may explain why the class schedule is minimal compared to other locations.I will give this LA Fitness one positive mark.  It's well kept.  The gym and locker rooms are probably the cleanest of any location I've ever worked out in.  At least the staff is doing its job.
2	I must say that I like the atmosphere of LA Fitness, but the equipment is old.........I mean it must be going on ten years.  I like to work out with the stationary bikes.  However, several of them are not functioning and the other are barely functioning.In addition, I am unable to figure out my distance on the bikes since the odometers on each bike show distance based upon time of work out, not the level of effort of my individual workout.I miss the Q.....................
2	It's dirty, crowded and has way too many out of service machines. It's annoying when only 3 out of maybe 15 bikes are working. Also, lots of creeps at this place. If you're self conscious I don't recommend you do yoga in the glass enclosed room that ppl stare in to....although the yoga is great! One thing about the staff, they kinda just look mad. Especially this one dude who is clearly on roids.. he needs to smile and not give evil glares. I don't know what his issue is. He's super tall and really buff, pretty scary. Avoid that guy and ask Chris for help if you need it. He's really kind and knowledgable.
2	The machines are really old and about a quarter of the ones up stairs were out of service. It looks like they are shutting down for a day in July- so hopefully the renovations include new equipment.
4	Not a meat market (yet)!  This is my first visit to this location and I'm surprised that it's not crazy packed at 515pm on a weekday. The parking lot looked jammed but it doesn't feel the same inside which is wonderful! Compared to the Scottsdale rd location, this one is of similar quality and is up to date which is great considering it's age. The locker rooms are the only place where you realize this place has got to be at least 20 years old. I'll be back!
3	I come here pretty often (3-4 times a week).  Mostly to play basketball with the occasional run on the treadmill or weight lifting. Not a bad gym for the price you pay.The basketball games are typically good.  Never seen anything too crazy going down on the courts. Something that was frustrating recently was that the A/C unit above the basketball court was leaking for nearly 2 weeks before it was fixed.  Leaving 1/4 the court unusable.  I called today and they said it was fixed so I am pumped to head down and get a few runs in.Recommendation: One thing I would like for this location would be a webcam pointing to the basketball court so you can see if it is worth the drive to the gym (In my case it is a 20 minute drive and sometimes no one is there).  It can be in intentional blurry  picture if people identities are a concern, but just seeing if there are enough people to make the trip would be super.  For example, some days it is packed for a good long hoops session, but the same day the next week they may be no one there at all.  There is a definite inconsistency to when people show up from what I have seen the past 6 months.As far as the gym equipment, it's OK.  Most of it was recently upgraded, but the treadmill's audio has no integration to the televisions that are hanging in front of them.  They do have the FM frequency channels listed, but unfortunately, I haven't used an FM radio since the mid-90s and it isn't a feature of my phone.
4	Great atmosphere and great people. Equipment was recently replaced. It is a great place to work out, play basketball, racket ball and swim.  Staff is friendly and willing to help. I highly recommend this LA Fitness location for a morning, afternoon or after work workout. The training staff is knowledgable and ready to answer questions from personal training clients and LA Fitness members.
1	Not up to LA Fitness standards, or worth your money. I only go here because I live within walking  distance, and I usually regret it.  The facility is old, machines are old, and half the time it's dirty.  And tonight I noticed ants crawling all over the locker room.  Do yourself a favor, drive to one of the two on camelback.
1	So I've gotta lower my initial review by a star....I'm sick and tired of getting kicked out of the pool by the Aqua Fit class.  The pool is actually decent sized here, and the Aqua Fit classes are usually less than ten people.  I don't understand why they can't keep a lane or two open for those of us younger folks who would like to swim laps.  Ridiculous.Also, as of spring 2014, there's nowhere to even buy a water in here.  Most LA Fitnesses have some kind of vending.  A bunch of juice bars/nutrition shops have come and gone inside of this LA Fitness....why don't you just simply put in a vending machine that sells water, protein shakes, etc?
1	Major disappointment. I've visited a handful of different LA Fitness' locations in the valley and this is BY FAR the worst one I've been to.  I consider LA Fitness to be a pretty solid chain gym and this location is simply not up to par . The gym is small and the equipment appears outdated.  Needless to say I probably won't be returning if I happen to be in the area.
5	Spin is amazing! The Saturday and Wednesday afternoon classes have the best instructor. That class alone is worth my membership. They have a great new smoothie and juice bar. Perfect location and great people.
2	Fair at best. Equipment has been somewhat upgraded from the old unusable equipment, but is STILL not particularly usable. Other LA Fitness centers in the Phonix area are much, MUCH better with equipment significantly easier to use. I would be embarrased to work at this club.
1	Ive honestly had it with this gym. It is honestly the worst LA Fitness I have ever been too and it is in one of the nicest areas of Phoenix/Scottsdale. They said they got "new machines and equipment" but I dont know if they bought them from a garage sale and added them in because everything is awful and so out dated. The weights are always all over the place and even though the trainers have designated weights for themselves in their "special" corner they tend to steal all the weights from the rack. There are dirty paper towels every where and theres no one going around to pick them up. Whoever put the mirrors in the building was an idiot because they are so incorrectly placed that majority of the time you cannot see yourself. Ive gone there 5 times a week for a year, and the staff half the time says hi to me or their too busy conversing with each other or eating. I do not know who the main manager is, you would think since Ive been going there so long, they would have the decency to know their members. I've tried a few of their yoga classes and they were so bad that half the class left 30 minutes into it. One class I went too the whole time we were doing warrior poses and that was it... I know gym yoga isnt the best but this was just flat out awful. Ive started to drive out of my way to the McCormick Ranch LA Fitness and the 7th Street/Moon Valley LA fitness because this is so bad. The reason that Ive had it with this gym though is this morning I went to go workout.. and whoever was supposed to show up at 7AM to open the gym, never showed up. It was 7:45AM when I got there and there was about 50 people waiting outside saying that this is the 3rd time this has happened. PS the trainers are awful I always see them staring off or just blabbing along while their clients are in the worst form about to pop out a knee or shoulder.. Safe. Also I had friends asking for a female trainer, they were told there were none and female trainers look like guys anyway so why should it matter that they don't have any.. Yeah made them feel good when they wanted to sign up and pay for PT.I worked at Gold's Gym in Scottsdale when I was younger, I know how a gym is supposed to work and the issues they run into. Gold's Gym Scottsdale is not a good gym but this makes it look amazing. I also agree with Jack N. the members that go to this gym most of the time should be given a discount. I have my ACE Advanced Healthy and Fitness Specialist Certification and my BS in Nutrition. I work full time as a Nutrition and Weight Management Health Coach and believe I have the right to say all of this. Someone needs to knock down this LA Fitness and fire everyone involved and start from scratch.
1	Sucks. I hate this place and that tall scary roidy dude is always there giving me stare downs, laughing with his fellow bone head trainers at whatever, but never failing to set a completely uncomfortable setting for me. He literally stares me down. On top of that roid dude there's this girl named Melissa, the person in charge of canceling memberships. She is awful. I asked for a refund and she really must have been having a bad day because her response was so snotty saying 'why would you deserve that?" So not only could I not get a refund when I was informed that I could by another person that worked there, but she had to be a total B**ch. I'm done with this location, I'm headed to the one on bell. Don't go to this one, it is the WORST.
1	I'm a regular at the location on Greenway in N. PHX but this location is closer to my new job so I decided to try it & to see if it was comparable.It was most definitely NOT.While the Greenway location is huge and sprawling with new equipment / TV's on every cardio machine, this place was the polar opposite. No TV's. Equipment was old/outdated, everything is VERY close together/claustrophobic, the layout has no rhyme or reason, and it smells HORRIFIC.I walked in, looked around, barely let the stench sink in before I was hightailing it out of there. Yikes.
2	I have to say that this place made me appreciate 3rd St & Greenway so much more.  I stopped here twice in the last two weeks as errands took me closer to that area.The main things that bugged were: 1) I don't know if it was the night I went or every night, but there was no parking in the few spaces in front of the gym, so I parked a little further down.  This was after sundown and none of the parking lot lights were on.  I was glad I had no valuable in my car as it was pitch black and in view of no one.   I will not go there again for that basis alone...a perfect location for muggers and thieves to break into cars.Second: 3rd St staff smile and greet you when you walk in.  The first guy was not rude, but not very friendly as I came in.  Second visit in the afternoon was a grumpier guy.  Third: I was having hunger pangs and thought I would get an energy bar from the snack bar.  When I arrived a sign was up saying the person would be back in 30 minutes, who knows how long it was there.  Still no one after 30 minutes. Those items aside I had no special impressions of the equipment, etc.  Just based on my two experiences and what I've read here, there's a definite mood of they want to sign you up, take your money and then you're on your own.  An old 1980's model for gyms, all those that failed.
5	I just had a baby so I love how close this gym is to my house plus I love LA fitness and the saunas! I love all the equipment, and I enjoy coming in at 5am when its not to packed and no one is on the machines I use, so not waiting. And as for the review where the one guy complains about having to walk because the parking issues of how busy it gets UM EXCUSE ME .. you're going to a gym! Why are u complaining about walking!!!? You sound dumb af, you really do. I hope your dumb a$$ looks at this comment, and realizes how stupid you sound, seriously.
2	Gym is alright feels a little tight. Not the friendliest staff but I feel like being unfriendly to customers is part of LA fitnesses culture. The real issue with this gym is the disgusting locker rooms. They are not only old but just feel very dirty. The bathrooms and shower area feel the same. If the locker rooms were to get the updated renovation they desperately need, they would have happier customers.
5	Love this location!  My personal trainer is incredible  -- very happy working out here.
