5	A great church in Sin City!  You would be surprised how many religious organizations there are in Las Vegas.  We visited one with our personal philosophy, and were greeted with a great, inspirational service.  It was the week before Halloween, and the entire choir dressed in costume.  The minister dressed in costume as well, and we all had a wonderful time.  I have always enjoyed the Centers for Spiritual Living, and I was very thankful that we decided to make this part of our weekend vacation.  Their example reminded us of what a congregation with heart and spirit can do.  After the service and the meet-and-greet, one of the members gave us a ride back to The Strip.  Thank you very much!
5	If you are a spiritual seeker, you will love this group.  Every Sunday is an uplifting experience!This is what church should be like...   Don't take my word for it, go see for yourself (they are very open to new members).If you enjoy such authors such as Wayne Dyer, Deepak Chopra, Louise Hay, and everyone from "The Secret" you will fit right in.A+++++++
5	I can only make it to Center for Spiritual Living every so often, but I am always glad when I do! If you are looking for an open and accepting spiritual community in Las Vegas, or just something fun to do on Sunday when you're in town, try CSL. Reverend Doug's message is unfailingly thought provoking and uplifting. The music is always great, especially the house jazz band, Odyssey, and they bring in different visiting artists as the musical inspiration. The people are kind, warm hearted, and welcoming. One of their core values is Namaste -- the divine in me recognizes and bows to the divine in you -- so all the yogis can identify. The building itself is unique in Las Vegas . . . a large A-frame style sanctuary that seats over 300 soul seekers. I think it is a terrific venue not just for church but also for other kinds of events, and they are currently doing fundraising to do some renovations and updates to the space. I really like the bookstore where they have spiritual music from all genres including kirtan and chant music, and lots of interesting gifts for the spiritually inclined. I love that I see people of every ethnic background celebrating together at Center for Spiritual Living, and that this community is GLBT friendly and welcoming. It is a genuinely diverse community!
5	A great place to enjoy our spiritual guidance and our heart filled.
5	If you are looking for a place where you can be yourself, and really enjoy a Sunday service you must try the Center.  Uplifting, non judgmental, and comforting.
