5	I love thrift stores and this one has got to be my favorite!For those of you who think Buffalo Exchange is a thrift store, this is NOT for you! The art thrifting is all about the 'find' going through random and sometimes horrendous items until you come across that one hidden treasure!This is locally owned and the proceeds go to different charities. The last time I went they were playing a 98 degrees song in country form! lol......They have some great deals on furnature and lamps! I'm always checking out the jewlery case for some cool vintage designer peices.Go on Saturday and Sunday for their 50% off! Don't forget to bring cash, or be prepared to use the ATM, this place doesn't accept cards!
2	Stopped in on a whim. The whole plaza gives me the creeps (although I do like Yucca tap room and Capistrano's). But besides the plaza giving me the uneasy feeling, that even an unattractive mid-aged man could fall victim to a mid-day rape, I forged on. The rewards were less than stellar. I cruised the aisles of items looking for something I could purchase to add to my already cluttered abode. No dice. Everything is in that weird period, where it isn't old enough to be collectible, cool, or culturally relevant yet nothing is new enough to provide an upgrade. The only thing I thought was cool was a couple obscure punk CDs in the music section, but I already had the albums on my IPOD. I didn't see anyone else buying anything either but everyone did stop to talk to the old cooter working the register. He looks like he may be a plethora of knowledge and stories. I'm not trying to steer people away, just saying I didn't have any luck, but then again I didn't seek guidance from the wrinkled prophet dishing advise and offering a safe harbor to those fearing the dayrape.
3	The ARC rocks socks for furniture, bikes and random doo-dads, but it sucks for clothes. It's also really hard to find as it is tucked away in a run down strip mall with an entrace facing the back ghetto parking lot. It get 4 stars because it has 50% off Wednesdays for students. I got mad crazy couches for my house in college, courtesy of 50% off days at the ARC. Several coffee tables, a lamp and a WHAM! tape too. Sweet.I also found an awesome pink beach cruiser bike here for $5. Score! Too bad I let it rust in my garage. Shame on me.
4	I can remember shopping here as a kid. You can so kill an hour or two here. And the best thing about this store that separates it from other thrift shops, every weekend is half off. Yup! Every Saturday and Sunday the entire store is half off.
3	-Overpriced, broken stuff that should just be discarded.-Dark and crowded....let's just say that they really make good on the use of space in this shop.-They even had old vintage games behind the counter that were missing most of the pieces that were way overpriced...even during the 1/2 off sale, it was still overpriced.-Old doll cases with broken/missing handles priced HIGHER than anthique stores...-Dirty, filthy thrift store...I felt like I needed to shower in hand sanitizer afterwards from the thrift store cooties.-Smells like a thrift store...It's probably from the nasty carpet that must be like a hundred years old...ick!-Decent selection of furniture and household goods.-Hidden away in an older strip mall (SW corner)  that seems perfect for this shop, however finding the entrance to turn in can be a challenge.-BEWARE: of the perpetual parking lot speed bumps and potholes that will probably throw off your car alignment.-Convenient parking.
2	This used to be my FAVORITE place. I used to be able to find various hidden treasures for a good price. I got a few mid-century-esque pieces without breaking the bank. Yes, they had a scratch here or there, but they looks great in my house. Plus, Saturdays are half off, making weekend treasure hunts an every week event.However things have changed recently.. There seems to be a new employee who has started in the past 6 months. She seems to think that all the items there are SOOO amazing and prices them way to high for what you are getting. The furniture still has scratches or dings or needs to be cleaned up, you can't charge like it is new. You are a tiny, local shop. You have to price accordingly. I've even seen IKEA items priced like new. People give you things for FREE..it only seems fair to me that you wouldn't try to rape people with your pricing.I've been putting off my review because I wanted to give them a good review, but things just keep getting worse. Sad. No more weekly stops here for me.
4	Totally worth your time. Go on the weekends, everything is half off and it never gets too busy.
4	I love the ARC of TEMPE , I always find awesome trinkets and vintage frames at rock bottom prices ( go on Saturday or Sunday to get half off of EVERYTHING) They could be a bit more organized ( no Thrift Store odor thank goodness) but they have a wide selection, so go take a peek and leave with something neat. Another cool fact : 100% of the proceeds from The Arc Thrift Shop provide the majority of the funding for their Recreation Center for youth and adults with developmental disabilities , so shop for a GREAT cause.Weekly Specials at The Arc Thrift StoreMonday        All Ladies Clothing is 50% off the regular priceTuesday       Shoes, Linens and Books are 50% off the regular priceWednesday  All Children's Clothing is 50% off the regular priceThursday     All Men's Clothing is 50% off the regular priceFriday          Housewares, Lamps and Luggage is 50% off the regular priceSaturday     EVERYTHING in the store is 50% off the regular priceSunday       EVERYTHING in the store is 50% off the regular price
5	This is one of my favorite thrift stores for furniture and misc treasures and finds. It can be hit or miss, it goes quick their prices are low. I called my friend who needed a couch, she has a very very nice house and they had a new looking Lazy boy reclining couch for only $150. I have picked up some nice vases, electronics, frames, lamps end tables. Its not the Ritz but it is fun to see what you find and sometimes what you need. Wish they took credit cards. An added plus donations are for a good cause! They have picked up donations (staff that came out were so friendly and helpful) and they will deliver when I have bought furniture, it was so worth the small fee (and I didn't have to bug my friends with a truck). Tip: Parking is inside plaza turn in by the car wash.
