4	I needed to fax a few documents and send out a FedEx package.  This location is closest to my house and is open pretty late.  I popped in here and was able to get both things done very fast.  The 2 pages I faxed cost $1.49 ea.  The FedEx package was prepaid by the company I was sending it to, so it was an easy dropoff situation.Return Factor - 90%
2	Terrible customer services. I'll just use ups! Not helpful at all, didn't work with me at all and didn't care that I was going to ups.
1	Rude staff. Forced to pay them to package a box they shipped me themselves. Greed at its worst. Stay far away from these problem people.
1	I recently sang them praises because visiting their store is so much more convenient than maintaining my own printer that will inevitably end up on the shores of Africa.  However, my recently visit wasn't so satisfying.  I asked the help desk to take a large scan an e-mail it to me.  The man working there, told me they couldn't e-mail me anything because it violates confidentiality.  He then explained a 20 cent CD would cost me $10.  When I got home the CD didn't work.  Fortunately, the office is just around the corner from where I live.  When I returned to the store, he only refunded $5 of the order.  So, the CD that normally costs 20 cents was completely useless to me and still cost me $5.  They seriously need to revise their e-mail policy, it is 2014.
1	Rude and careless staff. No sense of urgency or customer service. Little attention to detail. Do yourself a favor and drive a few extra miles to save a lot of time and aggravation.
3	This place is what it is... Not fun when there's a lot of people, or even just one "needy" customer with an oversized package to ship, or something like that. I usually print everything out at home from my FedEx account, and just drop my packages off there. I only go in to get a receipt. I did have some 11x17 "posters" printed up for my band, and the guy was helpful, quick, and prices were very reasonable.
1	I went here with my fiance to get copies made for our wedding invitations. We waited 15 minutes. When we finally being helped, Kevyn (the employee) took another 15 minutes messing with his computer, came back and said "can't do it". Cant do what? Make a copy? We took our business elseware. He also bent and smudged our wedding invite. Thanks, Kevyn.
3	I first stopped in to inquire about the shipment of certain items.  I asked for advise on how to safely ship cologne.  The man who I asked wasn't sure so he asked a co-worker.  She was rude. She made a face, shook her head and said they didn't ship cologne.  I later discovered (after calling the FedEx 800 number) that cologne CAN be shipped, it just has to go through one of their dangerous goods branches (not too far from this location) and via their ground service. Was it too hard to inform a customer of their options, instead of an outright denial and refusal? Nonetheless, it's close to home so I returned to this location a few more times to ship some of my other boxes.  The man who helped me when I returned was very nice and friendly, and he helped me find the right box for my shipping needs.I went back one more time for a final package, but there was a different guy there and he was unpleasant so I left.  I decided to go to USPS instead for that package.  So unfortunately, it seems that it's most of the employees, and their lack of customer service or care, who are bringing this place down.
