3	Went here after our Farmer's Market dealio. Cute little store with lots of kiddie souvenirs and toys to keep them amused during your trip as well as mugs etc. Being an arse I forgot my sunglasses and I was able to pick up a cheap pair (10 bucks) here while getting a hat, some shot glasses and mugs for family. The ladies in here were very nice and made sure my stuff was well wrapped for my luggage.  No refunds returns are for exchange or store credit only so choose wisely kiddies!
3	Looking for cheesy gifts that represent the Southwest? Look no further, Scottsdale Southwest is your place! Arizona t-shirts, mugs, stickers, toys, etc... Lindsey F brought me to SS last week to do a little shopping for the hoe down event.  We went in with a purpose: we were looking for holster/guns to wear to the party.  We found 'em too!  In addition, we found a few "Grow-A-Cowboys" and enjoyed looking around at all kinds of Southwest souvenirs.As Vicky T said in her review, Scottsdale Southwest offers "No refunds, returns are for exchange or store credit only."  I guess I can't return my holster/gun, huh? Oh well!  I'm sure I'll find another reason to wear it!Who doesn't love dressing up as a cowgirl anyways?! Yee-haw!
5	Great company.  It's nice when a local company understands the importance of supporting local community groups.  Thanks for all you do.
4	For the second time visiting, when I needed tee's for the little guys at a good price I went here.  Reasonably priced and a great selection.  I get them the glow in the dark desert animals every time and they love them.Yeah it's a cheesy tourist place but if you want to pick up a souvenir that says Arizona or Scottsdale then I highly recommend this place.  They've got just about everything in there.   I wished I had picked up the stuffie kokopelli for myself when I was there, it was so cute.
4	I always have to visit the "crap shops" when I travel. Where else can you find endless arrays of shot glasses and expensive hats??I"m actually poking fun, cause there was some cool stuff here. I got a good belt buckle and my wife got a good Christmas ornament.
