4	I got a really fantastic haircut here. It is run by two older gentlemen, who know how to get the clientele in and out. I showed up around at 11:30 and they asked me to come back at one because they had several reservations to get through. It is nice to see a barber shop without an hours worth of customers sitting around. When I got there at one my haircut only took 10 minutes and it turned out great. There really is nothing worse than a barber that takes 30 minutes to cut my hair because he is chatting so much. These barbers chatted but they got the job done quickly. This place gets four stars because it is extremely expensive. $20 for the haircut. That is twice what I was paying in Florida. Unfortunately I will have to look elsewhere to get my haircut.
1	Bad haircut, filthy place.  Also kind of expensive.  Nice guys, though.
5	I have gone to the Depot barber for over a quarter century. I have followed them over their last 3 moves. All 3 of my sons have had their 1st hair cuts here. This barbershop is the equivalent of your favorite local pub. I have had Donny cut my hair forever, even though he is a cardinal fan, but Dave is also my buddy and can cut hair as well. When you go here you are going to get a man's haircut, complete with hot shaving lather around your ears and a straight razor shave to go with it.$20.00 for a haircut may seem pricey, but these men have to make a living like the rest of us and when you consider they are in business for themselves in a state that is broke and a high rent city like Champaign, they are basically giving away their services!!! Have I had haircuts here i have been disatisfied with? A few over the years, nothing to get in a twist about. You will get in and out in short order, you will always be welcomed, (I recommend calling ahead for a reservation to keep your waiting time down......if thats an issue), and remember.... this is an event, I love the banter back and forth on a myriad of topics, the wait to hop up on the barber stool, the entire haircut takes me back to when my father used to take me as a boy to the local barber-to have a man give me a man's haircut!!! 5stars and no less
