4	I work across the street and I am in love with this place!  In addition to their fabulous sandwiches which are all on bread which is baked fresh daily, they have 8 different homemade soups that vary from day to day.  This place is also very inexpensive, half a sandwich (which may as well be a whole, its so big!) is only $5.  They also changed their hours so are open to 5pm each day.  You can also order bread for parties from them, and the bread is always made the day you buy it.  If you're in the mood for a sandwich or a hearty bowl of soup, this is the best place in Scottsdale!
1	I am disappointed.  I have been going for years but recently had a bad experience.  The staff was extremely unpleasant and the one girl was talking about my mom to other patrons in store.  I really don't get it.  If i had people working for me like that they wouldn't be employed by my company.  They have the best tuna in town though and I am sad that I don't know when I will be back.
4	Great food!  Been going for many years and love the food.
4	I don't live or work near this place, but I make the trip from downtown Phoenix once in awhile because it is that good.  It's a good place to take friends because there's something delicious for everyone.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  There are only a few ingredients to choose from, nothing too fancy, but sometimes that's all you need.I always get the veggie sandwich on rosemary bread, with chips and a pickle.  I crave this sandwich.While this place is so delicious I go out of my way to drive there, I didn't give it 5 stars because there are some simple ways they could improve.  I don't like sodas or bottled drinks, and it would be nice if they offered some fresh drinks like juices or lemonades.  And they could keep the dining area a little cleaner.  I take it they are a bit understaffed because they are not always on top of that.Overall, though, it's a must-visit place for sandwich lovers.
5	Hands down favorite sandwich shop in the greater Phoenix area.  Aside from the sandwich's being fresh and fantastic, it is a family owned shop and the "mother/daughter" team is always on hand to take your order with a smile. What keeps me coming back for more?  1) The Monterey with side of Ruffles originals and a crispy dill pickle and 2) The punch card...double stamp Mondays make it all worth while!If you haven't had a chance to stop by this quaint lil' place, I suggest you do!
4	I use Arizona Bread Company's Chili Cheese bread to make THE BEST savory french toast EVER! I use salsa for the "syrup" and sprinkle some roasted pumpkin seeds on top for a crunch. It's delicious!!
5	What a great local place!  I feel like Norm from Cheers every time I walk in the door (which is only 1x every 2 weeks or so).  The staff really makes an effort to get to know their customers by name.  The sandwiches are fresh and made to order with lots of veggies.  Their soups are unique and flavorful.  My favorites are italian stew and shepard's pie.  I like the nine grain bread but the chilly cheese is also yummy.  The portions are gi-normous.  I usually get HALF a sandwich and soup/salad...this lasts me 2 meals.   I'm pretty sure once you try it you'll never look at Subway the same again.
5	I just picked-up a loaf of souurdough and zuccini bread at the Phoenix Public Market. I am so impressed with the quality of the breads! The people who helped me at the market were also SUPER wonderful. I will certainly be purchasing more from this company in the future.
5	I love this place.  Whenever I'm in town visiting my family one of my first stops is to Arizona Bread.  Everything is homemade - from the soups to the breads.  The food is great and the sandwiches are ginormous.My personal faves are the rye, apricot/walnut and 9 grain.   It's rare in a world of samey types of restaurants to be able to eat at a family owned place where the food and the service are stellar.  I know I'm a bit of a fanboy in my love of Arizona Bread Company but trust me  -- you won't be disappointed.
5	I enjoy going to the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings. I buy from a variety of different vendors, but Arizona Bread Company is always my first stop. I am addicted to the Kalamata Olive bread.  It never disappoints. I love it toasted with a little butter, or even as a sandwich. I also enjoy brushing it with some olive oil, cutting it up into squares, and toasting it to make croutons. They actually sometimes make it into my salads.  I highly recommend this and the other breads they offer.
3	I went in and had an egg salad sandwich, and my daughter had a turkey sandwich.  The sandwiches were okay, nothing stellar by any means.  It was a nice little sandwich shop, service was great, but my egg salad had hardly any flavor at all.  I had to pour the salt on to get some flavor to it.  The turkey was just standard sliced turkey, nothing special.  Long drive, would never go back.
5	Delicious Arizona chili and fresh bread heaven!
5	I love their rosemary bread!  I buy it every time I visit the farmers market.  So good!
5	Arizona Bread Co. has great sandwiches on a nice selection fresh bread (especially, the 9-grain).  Fantastic, happy service.   One of our favorite lunch spots.
4	I was sold at "fat free tuna fish." There aren't many sandwich shops that make tuna fish sandwiches with fat free mayo and yet it's so simple to do so! Luckily, Arizona Bread Company has this mastered and knows how to make a tasty tuna fish sandwich on their soft and delicious bread. Arizona Bread Company is simple in looks but their bread speaks wonders. It's freshly made, very soft and flavorful. I especially like that they have a variety of different breads to choose from. I even noticed a chili bread! The sandwiches here are good and it probably has something to do with the bread, which makes all the different in the world. The staff is friendly and fast and they have plenty of seating options inside the deli. This is a great lunch spot and one where you'll get in and out in no time...and with a good sandwich in your belly!
5	The soups here are sooooo good, better than mom's!  The garden vegetable is fantastic, it has a wide variety of vegetables in it, not just the standard. Their bread is also fantastic, I love the kalamata olive.
3	The AZ chicken salad was tasty, but very heavy in the mayo department. The bread I chose wasn't strong enough to handle the chicken salad and I had to eat my lunch in pieces. I loved the Italian rosemary bread. One issue, the customer bathroom is located through the kitchen. I just think it's weird you walk through the kitchen while employees are making food. I'd come back and probably try something different next time.
5	Love this place!  The AZ chicken salad is my favorite.  Been coming here for years!
5	Great small business where the service is efficient and friendly and the food is good. It's got some of the best bread to be found in the Phoenix area and the sandwich ingredients are always fresh. My fav is the Sedona- nice flavor with the green chilies and special AZ mayo grilled- mmm mmm! Been coming here for years and will continue to do so.
5	My favorite sandwiches in the world are from Arizona Bread! I have been going there at least 15 years and I am never disappointed. The bread is delicious and the meats are cut fresh in store. The meats are not thin cut deli (processed) meat but actual turkey breast sliced thick (for example). I moved away for college and always came back. Now I live in Ahwatukee and I try to schedule any appointments around lunch near the restaurant! They greet me by name and I think the portions are huge and so reasonable. I love this place!
4	I have been coming to ABC for years and I have never had a bad experience. It is a wonderful little sandwich shop and everything is always fresh! Skip the sandwich chains and go to ABC!
3	Somehow my order always gets screwed up. They have two kinds of chicken salad, but after some confusion over what was in each one, I thought that the chunky version was on the way. It wasn't and the regular stuff was just average and uneventful, like something at the cafeteria that gets scooped into your plate. Of course, the bread that it was on was great (olive) and it was a large sandwich. Otherwise, I had some soup a week ago and that was the highlight of this place. They have 8 homemade soups each day and even a soup hotline. The soup comes with two slices of your choice of bread. They also have holiday breads you can order and my Normandy Apple bread is on the way next week. parking lot is also currently under construction, so it is a bit messy to park now.
5	We love their breakfast for lunch on the weekends until 2pm.  The iced tea is good.  I like the ranch breakfast with 2 eggs, bacon or sausage, and lots of toast.  They also have bagels and are generous with the cream cheese.  The banana nut break is great.  Lots of salads and sandwiches available as well.  Staff is very friendly and the owner likes to come chat with you.  Dogs are welcome on the patio and are given water.  It is a nice place for lunch!  You order at the counter and they bring your meal to you.
4	This place is great! Can't go wrong with the soups, salads, or sandwiches. The only complaint is that it can get a little pricier than similar places, around $10-$11 for a sandwich and small drink. I can't wait to try breakfast here!
3	FIRST: So I head this way because I read their menu through yelp and it said they had a veggie wrap that sounded good by how it was described on the menu that is presented on THIS page, and I go down there to the location provided on THIS page, when I get there I can't find the wrap on the menu and I'm told that "that is a different location in Tempe" although it was on the menu for THIS location with THIS address. At this point I'm already here and I'm hungry so I settle.SECOND: I will give an "A" for Politeness and Speed, the woman was kind and pointed out a similar item on the menu to accommodate my needs, I order a veggie Sandwitch on Sourdough with Dijon mustard, a side of chips, and a pickle and it comes out to around $7.50, not bad.THIRD: I get the food shortly after (granted it wasn't busy or anything) I would say like 5 min later not bad at all, and it's a very good size Sandwitch, a nice helping of ruffles, and two pickle spears, so as far as the amount of food I got it was worth the price.FINALLY: When I bite in to the Sandwitch I can NOT taste the mustard it tasted like there was none, when I open up the Sandwitch it was some type of home made mustard (which is usually pretty good and exciting to try) but it wasn't a traditional mustard spread, it was some type of mustard seeds? It was very very bland, and then the SOURDOUGH bread (the bread being what this place is known for obviously) tasted NO different from regular White bread, I'm almost positive there was a mistake and I got white instead, all in all it was very filling, the staff was kind, and the food came quick, not to mention the price point was not bad at all, but the Sandwitch tasted identical to something I would have made at home at a smaller price point, it was mediocre at best, I would not go OUT of my way to come back but if I'm in a pinch and it's within a quarter mile of my location I might go back.
4	Yum, Yum and......did I say, "Yum!?" I've been here several times and have never been disappointed.  I met my girlfriend for lunch the other day, and as usual, the service was quick, the food good, (with large portions), and the cost very affordable.  I had the Sedona panini and it was really good! Definitely a "go-to" eatery!  Parking can be a little tight, just be careful!
3	Out of Towner, came for a late lunch on a recommendation.  Very jolly counter service, great upsell  on the home made queso (yummy).  Not so efficient on order taking, but it Was the guys first day.   Neither of our orders was right, but mine (basic ham and cheese etc)  turkey and cheese was on a DELICIOUSLY fresh Italian bread ,queso yummy.  Other sandwich with nothing she ordered looked yummy.  Pasta salad ok.
4	Note: the menu attached is wrong- not this restaurant but another with a similar name. People here are nice and food is simple but good- just be aware the linked menu is wrong (a fact the lady at the counter seemed frustrated by).
2	My husband and son took a class this morning at the Beginners Edge Sports Training location that happens to be in the same shopping center as this restaurant.  I knew they'd be hungry after the class and I wanted to hear about it, so my daughter and I met up with them afterwards at AZ Bread Company for an early lunch.  It was empty when we arrived... we should have taken that as a sign.  The staff was not the friendliest and the atmosphere was drab.  We ordered and sat down... I grabbed a highchair for my son and noticed it didn't really seem clean.  My husband brought us cups of water but we couldn't drink them; they tasted awful. Our food arrived and it was nothing special either.  The pretzels we chose as a side were stale.  The salad and sandwiches we ordered were just average.  The sides of bacon and avocado that I ordered were decent, as was the apricot walnut bread.  My son didn't like the cookie he ordered for dessert.  More people started coming in as we were leaving, and I noticed a decent looking soup served to another customer.  Perhaps that is the way to go?  Even so, there are so many great dining options in the Valley, I won't be rushing back.
2	The food was amazing, but the service was terrible. I got a sandwich to go. 15 minutes later, everyone that had ordered after me had received their food, so I went to the front and the kitchen asked if I was waiting for anything, I told them I was waiting on a sandwich and they told me I was not and they had no ticket for my sandwich, as she's telling me this, she is eating chips right in front of me while making my sandwich. The manager was very nice, gave me a free drink and apologized. Paying 9 dollars for a sandwich isn't worth it.
5	I go to this sandwich shop regularly. The size of the half sandwiches are outrageous. The owner Amy is always greeting customers and is overly friendly. I love the selection of bread and buy a loaf regularly. My favorites for toast with honey? Apricot Walnut or Cranberry Orange. Also, the soups are great but I gotta wait till the cool weather returns.
5	Best soup and sandwich in the valley! My mom and I come here all the time. Our favorite is definitely the chicken chili. This is the one place that is always friendly and the good is fresh. I highly recommended this place for your soup, sandwich and fresh-baked bread needs. Enjoy!
5	I believe it's the best bread in AZ.  Sourdough is amazing. Had a veggie-build -your-own sandwich and added avocado and bacon....amazing!  Great Tazo black iced tea. My friend had chicken lentil soup and loved it.  We will be back!
1	The surly girl behind the counter acted like we were imposing every time she had to explain that they were out of everything except one option after asking us which option we wanted.just based on service alone I wouldn't ever go back again.
2	The bread was really good, the egg salad was decent but everything else was plain and lacked quality.  Service was very friendly  and welcoming.  I wouldn't go back.  Would have given 2 1/2 stars if possible because of service.
3	Nice place, nice atmosphere, and I've always had good service here but - for me - the bread is mediocre. I'm guessing they are intending to go for a very moist, 'heavy' bread, which I'm sure some people love. I've just discovered Wildflower Bread Company and their bread is 'perfect' for me - drier, lighter, but still with moisture and 'stretch' or 'bite'.
