5	this is what i would call a sweet book shop.  i have been shopping here since i was a freshman in college...17 years later i still find myself wandering in here when i'm in need of a distraction.  the staff are very helpful and always amaze me when they are able to locate something.  imagine an old building with a zillion floors, nooks, and crannies and then piles upon piles of old books everywhere...i know it sounds like heaven doesn't it?  well it is.  you will walk in searching for something and walk out found.
4	I've never been one for second-hand stores: all that clutter just makes me nervous.  That said, on occasion I face my fears and delve into the clusterf*ck that is Jane Addams. Despite having that stifling old bookstore smell (because, well, that's exactly what it is) there are some really cool gems hidden amongst the discarded Nancy Drews and John Grishams.I found a first edition Nabokov to add to my collection and the bargain basement prices have been responsible for introducing me to the likes of Tom Robbins and Vikram Chandra, a gift I will treasure always.So, while you won't find me there often due to my intolerance for poor organization, those wihout my affliction will likely enjoy the hunt.
5	This bookstore competes with some of my favourite used bookshops in San Francisco, L.A., and San Diego.  Jane Addams may have been a wonderful social justice advocate, but even better, she's lent her name to three floors of book browsing heaven, with an affable staff and veritable mounds of books to sift through, this place is fantastic if a bit chaotic.  Still, there's an attempt at order with amazing rooms from "Foreign Language" to "Science Fiction" to "Medieval Lit".  Jane, you will make this move a lot easier.
5	I love taking people to Jane Addams for the first time - it reminds me of my first time coming here and the wonder and amazement I felt exploring its 3 floors of books. I always find something unique when I shop here. Apparently it is now under new management - and the place looked more organized than in the past. I think they are working on a computer inventory of books, as well, which would be great if you are looking for a specific book. A great place to explore, and a real hidden treasure of Champaign-Urbana.
5	This is one of my favorite places in CU. The first time I went there I was astounded by how HUGE it was. There are three floors full of every kind of book you'd want. There are so many treasures to find here. Sometimes you have to dig a bit but it's well worth it. There's just something about a book store stuffed to the gills that makes me happy. Whether it's a newer book or an old, forgotten book or a totally new book you never thought you'd read... there's so much to find here. It's now under new ownership but have no fear! They've already done a great job. They've opened up the space a bit more so it's easier to get around but the selection is just as terrific. They're apparently in the process of building a database of the books so one day if you're not feeling like wandering around but are looking for a specific title they'll be able to tell you whether they have it! Not sure they're there yet but they're trying. I'm just so happy none of the charm of the place has been lost. Price-wise most books are decent Though nothing is amazingly cheap the only books you'll find that are marked up are out of print books and even then it's still very reasonable.
5	I love used book stores and this one didn't disappoint. I stopped in here looking to expand my Nancy Drew collection and scored four books I've been looking for. And they were only $7 each. A total steal! Plus, I found a handful of Donna Parker mysteries all in really good condition and all $10 or under. So they definitely had a nice children's section. I didn't really look around too much besides there, but with 3 stories of books I'm sure there are some great finds in other genres, as well.
5	As a total bookworm, let me just say that I adore this place. I'm pretty sure this used to be a residential house or something that they converted into used book heaven. There are two and a half floors of just floor to ceiling stacks and shelves of books. It's decently organized, which I appreciate, but like any used bookstore you also have to do your fair share of digging around. Upstairs is a maze of tiny rooms, each devoted to their own subject. The entire shop has that delightful musty book smell that I have a strange love for. Just walking in and getting a whiff of that and seeing crowded bookshelves everywhere, you know there's some seriously good stuff to be found in here.
5	If you cannot find something to read here....well you must have read every book on the planet!The staff is great.  The inventory is mind-blowing, and it is locally-owned!
3	I'm a former literature professor with broad tastes in reading. Jane Addams satisfies them. We're lucky to be in a college town, where a lot of interesting used books find their way here. There's something pleasurable about this packed store, with its rows and rows of books on every topic. There's a rare book room in the back, too, and a kid's section. Don't expect bargain prices. The prices are often good, but not exceptionally good.The previous owner didn't like kids, so I stopped going when my son was young. The new owners are much more welcoming, and now I go regularly again. They've told me they are working to electronically catalog all the new works that come in and are slowly getting up the backlog as well. They know their stock and are glad to help you look for something. But, really, browsing is the best part of the experience.
4	A great independent book store.  There is a great feel here, with books piled everywhere.  Cramped narrow allies between the shelves.  Deceivingly large though.  There are three stories of books in all genres.  The owner is great and she will help you find anything you want.  I have found great gifts here as well as stuff I want to read.  A great location downtown, that I hope continues to thrive for as long as the owners want.  I am glad the big box stores like Barnes & Noble or Borders are closing, but places like this keep trucking.
4	i could spend months in this store. i love the way its set up, u could disappear with a book into a cozy corner. they have a giant selection. thie only problem was when we checked out it was raining like crazy and the girl asked if we wanted a bag and then when we said yes she gave us a paper bag. old books, paper bag, rain storm, not a god combo.
