5	I have been going here for a few months now, and already I'm in much better physical condition, and I'm becoming a better fighter. What I love is that there are no contracts, you get to pay monthly at very reasonable prices and your first class is free, so come join us and be part of the BCF family!
5	I've been training at Blue Collar Fighter (BCF) for 3 years now, and it's an awesome place to train for any age.  My kids love the kids MMA class and are looking forward to competing.  I have an 8 year old daughter that can't get enough of it.When I arrived, I had never taken a lick of martial arts training and was grossly out of shape.  I've now competed at several grappling competitions, including several NAGA's, and have won first place in every NAGA division I've competed in.  I'll soon be competing in the expert division after only 3 years of training.  I think that says a lot about Robert Biggs, the head instructor and co-owner with his wife Erin.  He absolutely lives and breathes this stuff and has taught me a ton and helped my conditioning get to top notch.  Nick Gragg, another black belt instructor there, is also an amazing grappling / jiu-jitsu practitioner and instructor.A lot of places teach you self-defense against  people who have no formal fight experience.  BCF teaches you how to fight trained fighters and how to compete.  I pay for the highest level of training (level 3), and there's no way you'll get a better value for your training dollars - unlimited classes, one-on-one coaching, and unlimited open mats, weight training, etc..  A lot of great people in that gym.
5	My daughter had her first class and loved loved loved it.  We were looking for a judo school and found BCF. Not knowing what to expect when she attended, and found herself with training with two black belts plus the owner. They took their time and really helped her feel comfortable, and shared their many years of expertise. They welcomed her with open arms and we're encouraging to keep coming back. The owners of BCF were more then helpful. Policies are clear and up front with nothing to hide .. No contracts , sign up fees or maintenance fee. She has had 7years of training in TKD, and will now enjoy several years of training at BCF !! If you are in search of a school that will provide excellent training...look no further..You just found it !
