5	This is a great Salsaritas.  Always clean and the staff is always nice. 3/4 of them always remember my order.  I get the veggie burrito with the flavored sour cream.  The flavored sour cream is delish.
5	Great staff, clean and yummy!  My kids love it!
5	There are so many choices for fast-food burrito/tex-mex restaurants.  In fact there are about 5 different restaurants within 5 miles of my house!  But my favorite is absolutely Salsarita's.  It has the freshest ingredients and and a healthier menu than the others...granted you can throw some of that queso on anything to up the calorie intake (and delicious-factor)!  The chicken is more flavorful and their veggies are crispier.  I always order the burrito in a bowl with chicken, black beans, their hottest salsa and extra cilantro.  Something else that adds to their awesomeness, there are no extra charges for sour cream or guac--which I think all their direct competitors do.  The service is good and fast making it easy to zip in and out.  Sometimes parking is a problem because of all the other stores around, but I don't mind walking across the parking lot for some awesome tex-mex.Check out the great lunch deals they have.  There is a different special featured every day of the week.
4	Located at Blakeney Crossing, across Rea from the big Blakeney shopping center, I enjoyed my first meal at Salsarita's (I am beginning to think I am Yelp-stalking Candyce B. - I keep checking out places on my side of town that she has reviewed).Nice sized place without being too big, but another LOUD stop because of the uncarpeted floors and the exposed ceiling.  On a Thursday around 5:45, it was busy without being packed.  Parents with screaming crumb snatchers in tow were streaming in.  A nice size seating area with booths and tables/chairs, with a couple of high top tables.  They also had an outdoor seating area, but it was a little too windy/cloudy this evening to enjoy that.  Salsarita's is another Chipotle/Qdoba/Moe's place where you walk down the line adding ingredients to your bowl/burrito/quesadilla/taco.  The food:A small steak burrito:  Their small is pretty large to me, if I had gotten the large I would not have been able to finish it.  I had a steamed tortilla stuffed with steak, beans, rice, sour cream, lettuce and cheese.  They had many ingredients and several types of protein including chicken, ground beef, shredded brisket and shrimp.  Several kinds of salsa.  Flavored sour cream, onions - lots of choices.  I found everything to be well flavored and fresh tasting - no brown lettuce in my burrito.Chips and queso - Warm crispy white tortilla chips with white queso.  Mild, creamy and yummy.  And my favorite - a Coke Freestyle machine (YAY COKE!), so I had a cherry Seagram's ginger ale - yummy!Because they have started the countdown to Cinco de Mayo, the chips and queso were free (YAY!).  Friendly employees, clean restaurant, tasty food - I will definitely be back.
4	After reading Candyce & Amy's reviews, I had to check it out. And, all I can say is they were right. The staff was very friendly & the line moved quickly. I ordered the 2 taco special with queso and salsa. I chose chicken tacos & the chicken was grilled to perfection, and they are not skimpy with the servings! The taco shell was heated to perfection and the additions I chose made it great. The chips had a great seasoning and matched perfectly with the salsa and queso. Although I usually do not enjoy fast food Mexican, Salsaritas does not fit in that category. It was much better & I will be back!
4	Clean, upbeat and good food.  The menu selection is better than that other burrito chain and the salsa and guac are better tasting. The team manning the prep line were friendly and generous with the portions. The manager offered us a small container of the queso (for free) since we had already purchased the chips and guac. We will go back for another family meal.  Everyone enjoyed our first try.
1	I've been to other locations and ALWAYS had a decent experience.  I went to this location three times and all three were terrible.  I finally contacted someone at the company and got the scoop.  This place WAS a franchise but was so poorly run with so many complaints that it was taken over by the mothership.  If you go, note the business cards as you check out.  Both are from parent company executives.  There's a reason.  They are STILL not getting it right.  Employees and management there are more concerned with getting you through the line quickly (even when they are not busy) than in listening to what you want or don't want on your order, or making sure you have a good experience.  Food was excessively greasy, salty and lacking in other flavor.  Very disappointed all three visits and won't be going back to this location.
5	About every 3-4 weeks I get a burrito here. I have no complaints at all. The food is good quality, and the price is just right for the big burrito with fresh queso and chips! Definitely recommend this place.
5	My first time at a Salsarita's and it was delicious! Quick service, great staff, and someone even came and took our trash for us. I highly recommend this place.
2	Not very fresh. Rice was hard. Beans crusted over. Taste was ok. Maybe it was a bad nite but the service was also uninspired. With many other burrito options no reason to come here.
